 I'd known David for a long time; we were at school together. We'd always been the best of friends and we look so similar that we have often been mistaken for brothers. But there's one big difference between us; while I have stayed single, Dave married his long-term girlfriend, Gina.

Now Gina is a lovely girl. She has long dark hair that frames a pretty face and a nice trim figure. There's definitely a little bit of Italian in her – from her errant fathers' side I think – and this shows most in her fiery temperament. Dave and Gina had been trying to get pregnant for many months without success, and this had not improved her mood; everything that went wrong was Dave's fault – or mine, if I was around – and, to be fair, the constant aggravation was beginning to wear a bit thin.

It was a Saturday night and, as usual, Dave and I had imbibed of a few alcoholic beverages at our local bar. He'd told me that Gina was also going out – a "girls night" as he'd described it, and I hoped that when we both returned to his house for a nightcap, that her evenings' entertainment would have put her in a good mood for a change.

Both Dave and I sighed exhaustedly as we entered his house to the usual sounds of complaint from Gina.

"What time do you call this?" She chastised us. "Where have you been? Who have you been with? How much have you had to drink?"

The tirade of questions seemed endless.

But there was a subtle difference in Gina's voice. It was as hard and as patronising as usual, but there was a lilt or possibly a slur to her words. It suddenly dawned on me that the Dave's usually very sober wife had drunk a few too many glasses of Chianti!

Doing his best to ignore her accusing eyes, Dave fetched two beers from the fridge and we both slumped down in the lounge to enjoy them. Gina was up in a second, her hands on her hips and yelling at my friend.

"So, where's my drink then?"

I was a little surprised to say the least. Apart from the occasional half glass of wine with dinner, I'd never known Gina to drink at home before. Dave looked surprised too but trooped back out to the kitchen and poured out a glass of red wine for his wife. Gina downed the drink in one gulp before continuing her harangue. The diatribe lasted a full five minutes with her words becoming more and more slurred with each sentence. Eventually she seemed to have finished and slumped – rather unceremoniously – onto the sofa.

"Oh, and I need some more money as well." She said as if an afterthought. "There's not a scrap of food in the house!"

Up until that point, Dave had taken her rantings in his usual calm, collected manner. But as I looked at him then, his eyes seemed to glass over and a red flush drifted over his previously serene expression. 

"Christ, Gina!" He almost exploded, "don't you ever stop? Can't you give it a rest for just a few minutes?"

Gina looked dumbfounded. I don't think that her husband had ever answered her back so vehemently. I too had never seen Dave like this, maybe he'd taken just one too many accusations.

Without so much as a word, Dave fished in the back pocket of his jeans and pulled out a handful of bank notes.

"There are girls that will do a hell of a lot more than just talk to get this sort of cash." He said coolly.

"What? What are you talking about now?" Gina replied.

"You want this?" He said waving the cash in front of her nose, "You better earn it!"

In a flash, Dave had pulled at the front of Gina's white dress, popping half of the buttons down the front, leaving the garment gaping open and her white lacy bra exposed. I could hardly believe what I was seeing; perhaps it was the booze talking but neither Dave or Gina seemed likely to back down.

"What about him?" Gina stated indicating yours truly sitting behind her on the sofa.

"Frank has had to put up with your complaining for far too long as well." Dave replied as he pushed the notes into her bra, stripper style. He looked over at me. "Come on, mate. If I'm going to give her this cash she's going to have to show us her tits!"


Gina pouted. There was no way she could back down now without looking weak and, from the fiery look in her eyes, it was clear that was something that was most definitely not going to happen.

Slowly and with a wicked sort of grin on her face, Gina pulled the wad of cash out of her bra and pressed it to her lips kissing it.

"Fine!" She slurred. "You both want to see my tits?"

She looked sharply back and forth between her husband and me. I was still in a state of shock but more than happy to play along. If truth be told, I'd always wanted to see Gina's well developed breasts. We both nodded while Gina's smile broadened. It was obvious that the wine had loosened her up dramatically. I wondered fleetingly how far she – or Dave – would be prepared to take this.

Gina sat between us and gripped both sides of her ruined dress. Her hands pulled quickly, renting the material completely and exposing the front of her body. Apart from the bra, she wore nothing else but a pair of bikini panties.

"That's better!" Dave shouted. I laughed. We were all getting into the spirit of things now.

"Now, get that bra off and lets see your tits!" he continued.

I could feel a strong erection almost trying to burst through my jeans as Gina pulled the dress off completely and unhooked the bra. She smiled, almost sardonically, as she held the loosed cups to her heaving breasts for a second before whipping the garment off with a flourish. She waved her arms above her as if in triumph causing the large orbs of womanly flesh to wobble tantalizingly in front of our eyes. 

With a deep groan, Dave pulled one of her breasts to his lips and began sucking greedily on the nipple. I had never been this close to such an intimate scene before and could feel my cock jerking wildly beneath my underwear. I pressed my hand to my crotch and kneaded the hard flesh through the denim sighing deeply as I felt myself throb.

"I hope you don't think that a tit-flash is enough to earn you all that cash?" Dave said with a grin as he let his wife's wet and erect nipple slip from between his lips. "We need a little more from you, I think!"

Dave's use of the word "we" inspired me. At least his intention was to include me as well. But what about Gina, I wondered? Would she go for that as well?

The sofa that we were sitting on converted into a pull down bed and Dave quickly pulled the lever so that the whole thing slid out. Gina giggled drunkenly as the movement tipped her off balance and rolled her over onto her side. Both she and Dave could now see the large bulge that was straining at my crotch.

"Time to give old Frank a bit of relief!" My friend said with a laugh. "Don't want him bursting in his pants, do we?"

I did little apart from lie back and enjoy! Gina's semi naked body sprawled over me and I felt the glorious sensations as my best friends wife slowly lowered my zipper and freed my aching cock. He fingers manipulated my inflamed flesh exquisitely and I gasped as she guided me gently into her mouth and wrapped her full, painted lips around my throbbing manhood.

As Gina's head bobbed wonderfully up and down in my lap I looked over her shoulder and could see Dave pulling at her panties. He had already stripped off his clothes and was dragging her legs apart and the panties to one side so that her perfectly smooth and hairless cunt was exposed. His tongue darted out and lapped gently at her hard clitoris and I felt her throat contract around my tool as she climaxed with a shuddering tremor.

Dave's face glistened with her expelled juices as he continued to lick and suck at her pussy. His tongue probed deep into her hole while his index finger explored the tiny, star-shaped entrance to her ass. 

Gina's body convulsed and relaxed over and over as her orgasm seemed to continue relentlessly. Her lips locked firmly around my shaft and her fingers danced lightly under my tight balls increasing and heightening my excitement. I was able to concentrate just enough to be able to catch Dave up by ripping off my shirt and pushing down my jeans and underwear. Now there was only a pair of panties between the three of us and Dave had his own ideas about that!

"Want to see my little slut get fucked hard, Frank?" He laughed

It was a rhetorical question but I nodded anyway. I couldn't have answered even if I'd wanted to; it was taking all my concentration not to cum in Gina's hot mouth!

Dave relieved his wife of her panties with a flourish and threw them to the floor. His hands gripped her ankles as he lay behind her and forced her legs apart. Not that Gina needed much persuasion. The little whimpering noises that were emanating from her throat grew in intensity as Dave started to feed his thick tool into her pussy from behind.

Gina was going wild now; bucking and twisting her body as her husband rammed his tool deep into her pussy over and over again. My swollen cock dripped her saliva as she tongued the head and licked up and down the shaft and I had to keep her head in a firm grip to stop her bouncing off me completely.

I could hear Dave's balls slapping loudly against her butt as he rooted her thoroughly; all the while muttering out loud that his wife was a slut and a whore. The more that Dave verbally abused her, the more that Gina seemed to enjoy it as again her whole body trembled and quaked while another orgasm washed over her tight frame.

I seemed to have regained control of my nether regions by this time and was no longer in fear of cumming too soon and spoiling the fun. My breathing was once again managed and regular and I stroked Gina's soft, black hair as her tongue continued to slide up and down my shaft. I looked over at Dave just in time to see him withdraw and change his position slightly.

"Ohhhhhhh!" Gina suddenly wailed.

"I know you like it in your ass, bitch!" Dave's voice was a low growl and I realised that he was slowly feeding his rigid tool deep into his wife's back passage.

"Oh yes! I like it. I do. I LOVE it up my ass!"

"Hey, Frank!" Dave muttered. "Let's double team her shall we? Her cunt is wet but it's still hot and tight! You want to get a piece?"

I don't think I've ever moved so fast in my life!

In a second I was underneath Gina and had her legs spread on either side of me. Her pussy was stretched wide and, as Dave had mentioned previously, very wet. My cock slipped home smoothly and easily and I enjoyed the confined warmth of her body as she enveloped me completely. My hands rested on her buttocks and encouraged her to slide up and down on my flesh pole as she rode me perfectly.

I had only been inside Gina for a matter of seconds before I became aware of Dave kneeling behind her. I knew what he – and she – wanted and slowly allowed my hands to separate her ass cheeks and expose the tight ring of her anus.

Gina's luxuriant black hair flopped in my face and I could feel her tense up.

"What's he doing?" I whispered softly into her ear.

Gina looked back down at me, a wild expression of lust painted all over her pretty face. 

"His cock is pressing against my asshole." She whimpered, her voice a barely audible whisper. "It's going in…. Ohhhh!….God, it feels so big…..I'm so full…..cock in my pussy and cock in my ass….mmmmmm…yes!"

Her description of the anal assault that Dave was currently mounting had my cock pounding and throbbing inside her tight cunt. The feeling of being inside a woman while another cock was being forced into her ass was absolutely incredible and I knew that it wouldn't be too long before I was going to reach the point of no return.

Gina was going insane as she was rooted in both holes. Her body was covered with a sheen of sweat and her heavy breasts bounced and quivered in front of my face. The nipples were fiercely erect and I heard her groan deep in her throat as I sucked one hard teat into my mouth and nibbled on the taught skin. The taste of sun cream mixed with the scent of freshly washed hair was a heady mixture. My mind began to swim and I realised that I was going to blow my load very soon.

"Shit, guys! I don't know how much longer I can hold out!"

"Damn! Me too!" Dave replied enthusiastically. Through the thin walls of Gina's pussy I felt his cock slam once again into his wife's abused rear end.

"Let me see you cum!" Gina cried, obviously determined to add to the conversation. "I want to see you both shoot your lovely sperm!"

That settled it. Both Dave and I reluctantly withdrew from our respective holes and kneeled on each side of the prone Gina. We placed a hand each on her shoulders; partly to hold her still and partly to steady ourselves. My legs felt like jelly and my cock pulsated and throbbed as I pointed it at the beautiful naked female below me. If she wanted to see the cum fly, then she was certainly going to get her wish.

Gina's fingers gripped the tool on either side of her and began jerking us both off. I watched her pink tongue dart out and moisten her matching colour lips in anticipation. I gulped and held my breath. I was nearly there. Just a second more…..

But Dave beat me to the punch. With a long, growling moan a torrent of sperm erupted from his cock a second or two before I did likewise. The room was suddenly alive with the unmistakable sounds of sexual excess and the tell-tale aroma of lust wafted and engulfed us like a warm, dense fog. Dave's eyes were tight shut as we both blasted his wife's face and breasts with our seed.

Gina looked up at us both demurely. Her face and hair were covered with creamy white jism. Some of the fluid dripped from her nipples and pooled in her canyon-like cleavage. She looked subdued, tamed. Very unlike the blazing wild-cat we had seen earlier.


Dave and I both sighed in unison as we sat back breathing hard. Gina's fingers were busy scooping up pools of cum and feeding them into her greedy mouth.

"I guess she earned her money tonight, eh Frank!" Dave said.

I nodded eagerly and kept looking down at Gina. She looked so hot!

"I hope you both got more money on you!" She said in a sultry voice, "as soon as you two have got your breath – and your erections – back, I'm going to take you for all you got!"

I looked over at Dave with a smile. I remembered with a grimace how I had spent my last bit of cash in the bar.

"I don't suppose she takes credit cards, does she?" I laughed.