 I got home from shopping to find my husband and his friends engaged in a rowdy poker game. I wasn’t going to bitch since I had spent an enormous amount shopping and then had a few drinks with a friend, but as I walked by I realized that there was a huge pile of money in the middle of the table. 

“Hi there big spenders, how much money is that?” I asked. 

“It’s none of your business, go grab us some beers” My husband replied as he patted me on the ass. I did as told and as I set the beers on the table, breathed lustily into his ear. “You can tell me, you are the bread winner after all,” I said lowering my eyes demurely with a smile.

 “$4500, now go away,” he said while turning a few shades of red. He loved my submissive side but it didn’t come out often, especially in public.

“$4500! That’s a boob job!!” I yelped, pouting. His friend Steve looked at me through heavy lids as he finished rolling a joint and lighting it. 

 “You think you need one, because from here it doesn’t look like you do.” He said while exhaling a long stream of white smoke. 

“I just really want one.” I explained. “They’re already a full B, I want a full C. Just an enhancement.” Joe laughed and said they looked great to him. I blushed.

 “Show them.” My husband said while passing the joint to me.

“No, way I couldn’t.” I said,inhaling and passing the joint to Joe.

 “I’m not asking you, I’m telling you. Show them.” He had walked up behind me and pinched my nipples through my little tank top. They hardened instantly. My knees felt weak and as I leaned back against him, he put his hands under my shirt and slowly pushed it up. My breasts were totally revealed and he was playing with them as he nibbled on the back of my neck. I shivered. I was embarrassed and I was very turned on.

 “What would you do for the boob job?” the usually quiet Glenn asked. My husband was tweaking my nipples, pulling them and pinching them softly, making my eyes roll up in my head and my breath come out in short bursts. I could see Steve’s dick harden under his shorts and I could tell it was huge. The other two had put down their cards long ago and their hands were nowhere in sight. “He asked you a question,” My husband breathed into my ear as he pulled my long curly hair, “Answer him.” I moaned as his hand tightened on my hair and the other hand slid into the front of my lowrider jeans. “See boys, her and I have already discussed it. She’s a little whore. She’s said time and time again she’d do anything. She’s not even wearing any panties and of course; she’s soaking wet.” He pulled his hand out of my pants and I whimpered a little, grinding back into his leg. He held up his finger glistening with my juices, as his friends chuckled and whistled softly, he stuck his finger into my mouth and made me suck my own juices from his finger.  

“I don’t know about you guys, but I think we could find a much more fun way to spend this $4500,” Joe said softly, “After all, with a little negotiating it might turn out to be an investment.”

. “I’m definitely with you on that. You sure you don’t mind Rob?” Glenn asked my husband. My husband Rob walked over to the stereo and turned it on. He shoved me towards Glenn and told me to give him a lap dance. As horny as I was, I was surprised at the turn of events and stared at my husband for a minute. He grabbed me by the arm and pulled me close to his face. I could his feel his breath on my lips. “You said you’d do anything and I’m not buying them for you, so if you want them, work for them. I know about your little fantasies,” he said, his voice getting louder, “The other day I came home early and thought I heard moaning. I thought this horny little bitch finally cheated on me. I peaked through the window like any red blooded man would do and there was my precious little wife humping a pillow,” He chuckled. “Just grinding her clit into the silk pillowcase like a bitch in heat.” I turned red with embarrassment, not knowing that I had been caught, as the guys laughed at me. 

“Well, I don’t know about you guys, but if we have a true freak on our hands and we’re spending $4500, I want a show,” Glenn said. 

“Yeah, I don’t know you guys. Do you know what you can get a couple of whores to do for that kind of money?  I doubt she is half as freaky as I want her to be,” Joe said, finishing another beer. My husband shoved me in Glenn’s direction and I went. “She will do whatever you ask of her, I’m sure,” He told them.  I danced awkwardly at first, not doing this sort of thing too often. I could see the lust in Glenn’s eyes and as I started swaying my hips to the music, my original horniness returned. My shirt was still pushed up over my tits, so I pulled it off of my head. Glenn ran his hands up my ribcage and covered my breasts with his palms. He gently skimmed his palms over my nipples, making me writhe with lust. He moved his hands down to the button of my lowriders and started to peel them off of me. I could hear the other guys talking and feel their eyes on us, but I couldn’t stop. I lowered myself so I was straddling one knee and I could feel his dick pressing into my stomach through his jeans. He was still teasing my very sensitive nipples and I unconsciously started rubbing my bare clit into his leg.

 “She is a little bitch in heat.” I heard one of the men say. “Look at her go.”

 Suddenly Glenn stopped me. “Like I said, for $4500 I want a show, you little whore.” His name- calling turned me on and I could feel the wetness as I tried to discreetly press my pussy into his thigh again. He yanked my hair. “I told you no. By the way, let me know if I get out of line Rob.”

 “No man, what’s mine is yours. She obviously needs it. You’re probably more experienced at the whole training thing anyway.” The guys laughed, Glenn must have a reputation I thought. Glenn led me over the couch and draped me over the arm, my ass exposed to the guys. He smacked my ass hard with his open palm and called me a slut. He smacked me several more times and I could feel my ass turning red. It started burning and the pain dulled. My clit pressed against the arm of the couch every time he swatted me, and the heat from my ass was making my cunt throb. He gently traced the outline of my pussy with his finger and then he spanked me again. I was near tears and begging him to stop but moaning as he continued, not knowing why my juices were dripping down my leg. “Oh, please fuck me,” I whispered. “Did you hear that guys? Begging me to fuck her. Oh Rob, you should have gotten me involved a long time ago, she’s out of control.” The guys laughed and told my husband what a whore I was.

 “She is literally dripping.” I heard my husband say with a smile.

 “You want me to fuck you” He asked.

 Shameless I moaned please while squirming against the arm of the sofa.

 “I have all night to fuck you, bitch. First I want to play. What should we play, guys?”

 “I want to see her straddle the arm of the couch and fuck herself,” Joe said. “I want to see if she’s really the whore we think she is.”

 Glenn jerked me up by the hair and pushed me into a position where I just had to swing my leg over the rounded arm of the couch. My face turned red and felt hot as I looked at my husband. Joe walked over and grabbed my nipple and pinched it hard, whispering “I said do it,” fiercely into my ear. I started off slowly at first, humiliated that my little masturbating secret had been exposed and that I was so uncontrollably horny. I looked up and saw that my husband was rubbing his dick through his jeans and Steve had his hand in his pants. They were all staring at me with glossy eyes. I lifted off the couch a little and fondled my tits with one hand, squeezing the flesh. I liked the attention. I was a little slut. I could feel the pressure slowly building and I started really grinding my juicy cunt into the arm of the couch. I closed my eyes and humped with wild abandon, frantic to cum. Finally, it rushed over me in waves and I shuddered and moaned as they cheered and laughed.

 “Do you guys mind?” I heard Joe. I heard a chorus of no, go ahead and as I opened my eyes Joe shoved me to my knees and stuck his dick in my mouth. I love giving head and sucked it as far as I could down my throat before slurping it back out and wrapping my tiny hand around his slobbery shaft and jerking him off as I sucked his dick. He moaned and pumped his hips at my face. I sucked on his balls while I ran my hand up and down his cock. He wrapped his huge hand around the back of my head when I put his dick back in my mouth, forcing me to deep throat him. I gagged but recovered and he gathered up a thick wad of my curly hair in his hand and rammed his cock in my mouth

 over and over again. I could hear him moaning, me slurping, and the heavy breathing of the others. Joe came and shot long white ropes of cum all over my face, slapping his dick on my mouth as he shook it off. I used my tank top to wipe it off my face and sat back on my heels, while Joe collapsed onto the couch. “Thank you Rob,” Joe said breathlessly. “By the way, I think she’s definitely even more of a whore than we ever could have imagined. That slut likes to suck dick and I can tell she’s not new at it, if you know what I mean.”

 “Come here,” said Steve. I started to stand up. “No, crawl. Like the little animal you are,” He sneered and the rest of them laughed. I crawled on my hands and knees and stopped at his chair, eye level with his crotch. “I hope you understand that $4500 goes a far way as far as sex goes. You probably can’t comprehend the things a hooker would do for that price and that’s basically what you are right now.” He looked at me. “Right?” I was glad I was drunk and high, so I had excuse for enjoying feeling like a whore. I was also very excited at the thought of breast implants. I will admit I also did take the size of Steve’s dick into account and the fact that a gang bang had been a long time fantasy of mine.

 “Right. I understand. I will do anything.” I replied, looking at the floor. 

He gently stroked my face. “Well, what a good girl you are. Here, climb up on the table.” He helped me up and I laid on my back on top of the cards and the pile of money. “Spread your legs for me, sweetie.” Steve was so handsome and his quiet command was compelling. I spread my legs and he pushed them up and out wider, so my crotch was prominently displayed. Joe whistled and took a swig of his beer, Glenn sniffed the air and claimed he could smell my excitement. My husband smiled at me with glassy eyes. Steve lightly ran his whole hand over the outside of my pussy, gently. His fingers traced around my outer lips, and then my inner lips. He made slow, teasing circles around my clit. I writhed on the table and he laughed, still teasing. He stuck his fingertip in me and asked if I thought I was ready for more cock. I moaned and tried to push myself on his finger, but he retreated.

 “Please, sir, please.” I whined.

 He chuckled. “I like the sir thing, but what if I want to play/” I moaned in disappointment and circled my hips, seeking out his fingers. He stuck one inside of me and I arched my back and begged for another. They all laughed. I was amazed with their patience. I thought for sure they would just to fuck me and my $4500 would be much easier to make than this was turning out to be. He slowly inserted another and rotated it around while slowly pulling them out.

 “Ohhhhh…” I said breathlessly. He pushed his two fingers back into me and fucked me hard for a few seconds, making me crazy with lust. He pulled away again and I moaned in anger and frustration. 

“Tell us you’re a little whore.” He whispered.

 “I’m a little whore,” I moaned. 

“Tell us what you want.” He said calmly. 

“I want your cock,” I moaned. He shoved three fingers in me and rotated them slowly. He pushed them in and out and I felt my pussy stretching. He was so slow about it, obviously enjoying the show he was putting on for his friends and my husband.

 “What if I won’t give you my cock?” He asked pulling his hand out of my cunt, while flicking my nipple with his free hand. 

“ Please, Steve, anything. I need something inside of me.” I whined. He put his hand, wet with my juices in my mouth and asked if I enjoyed the taste of myself. I nodded while pumping my hips toward his hand. He picked up his beer and finished it.

 “You guys heard that, right?” Joe laughed and everyone agreed in unison they heard that. 

“Close your eyes, little slut.” Steve commanded softly. I did, hungry for the relief I so desperately needed.  I felt something big and cold pressing against my pussy and I jumped, opening my eyes. Steve shoved me down and barked at me to relax. “A bitch like you will love this trick,” he growled. He slid the cold beer bottle into my cunt, stretching it wide. It hurt and felt good at the same time. I looked up at my husband. He was smiling, his eyes wide, his hand in his pants massaging his dick, he licked his lips. I looked down and saw the bottleneck hanging from my gaping pussy. Steve took my nipple in his mouth just then, and I came immediately. The guys hooted and hollered and Rob said he had no idea his wife was such a fucking champ. Steve slowly pulled the bottle from me, and my cunt muscles contracted. He pulled me to the edge of the table and took his dick out. It was even bigger than I expected and I sucked in a huge breath of air as he slowly slid it in me. It wasn’t quite as big as the bottle but it was close and my pussy was full. He started fucking me hard. He stopped and told me to turn around and entered me from behind. Glenn climbed up on the table and slapped his dick on my mouth. I looked up and slurped him into my mouth. As he fucked my face, long strings of saliva dripped from my mouth. Steve was ramming into me from behind and playing with my asshole, which made me shudder in ecstacy. Glenn kept pulling my hair, fucking my face while I was too blissed out too help. I humped back against Steve’s thumb, which was circling my asshole. 

“What do you want now, hooker?” He asked roughly, spanking my ass with his other hand. 

“You know…” I breathed, too embarrassed to say. He smacked me again, harder this time.

 “Say it.” He growled. 

“I want you to stick your finger in my asshole,” I moaned. Joe and Rob were on either side of the table, their dicks out. Joe was jerking off slowly, Rob was a little more frantic. 

“I’m a little whore. I’m your slut,” I said, looking into my husband’s eyes. Steve spit on my asshole, making me shudder. My husband came right then and there, I could feel his sticky cum sliding down my side. Steve laughed and slowly shoved his finger in my ass. I came instantly moaning loudly and fucking back against Steve hard. Glenn pulled his dick out of my mouth and Steve quickly pulled out of my pussy, leaving me feeling empty and my pussy gaping and contracting. My orgasm triggered theirs and they all shot their loads all over me, covering me in their thick white semen. I lay back exhausted. Glenn made me lick the cum off of his hand. “Look at that dirty cunt,” He said.

 “Rub that cum into yourself. Show us what a dirty little whore you are and how much you like getting cum baths,” My husband said watching me idly. Tired and sticky, I rubbed their cum into my body. “You know once you get the tits we’re going to do this more often, right?” Glenn asked. 

“Oh of course, this wasn’t $4500 worth,” my husband said. “There will be many poker nights before this whore pays off her debt.” I lay back on the table, knowing I should be humiliated but my pussy was still tingling and I was looking forward to the nights to cum.