 Easi (pronounced easy) is my third erotic story. I will spend many long hours writing at my very best. Your criticism is welcome, PLEASE leave me comments. I hope you enjoy it. Here we go again. Hopefully, I've improved since "Heidi." Write and tell me if I have.

* * * * *

We sat in a smoky bar. There were dark, 30 watt bulbs, giving the room a distinctive mood. The table was old, wooden, and creaked every time it was touched. I pointed my finger and raised my hand, and asked for another drink. While I waited, I looked over at Sam.

"So, what did you want, I'm busy, you know that."

"Your last girlfriend," he said.

The waitress came over with my boilermaker. "What about her?" I asked.

"I talked to her on the phone yesterday, what she said astounded me. Do you know what she said?" He did not wait for an answer. "She said in a very concerned way about how poor of a lover you were."

"What the fuck!" I said REALLY pissed off.

"Relax big guy, sit back in your chair. She liked you, but.... well, she knows you're a really nice guy, but she just, no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't get off. She doesn't want other girls to like you , fuck you, and then hate you. So, she recommended something."

"Fuck off, ok? this is depressing enough," I said. "Don't want to hear it, no matter what."

He got up, threw a business card at me , and left. I didn't look at it, but I just put it in my jacket pocket, and forgot about it. I ordered another drink.

When I got home, I immediately went to bed, it was really late.

* * * * *

I got up, and had my cheerios, like I do every day. Brushed my teeth, all the usual crap, and went to work. I work in a power plant, as a safety technician. I make pretty good money, but not enough, it's never enough, that's always the attitude I have had. Never, ever enough.

When it was time for lunch, went to some Chinese place. Sam, Frank, And I, Jerry in case I didn't tell you that quite yet. 

I reached into my pocket to get my money, when I found it again. I played and excused myself to the bathroom, when I didn't really have to go, like I often do. There wan nobody inside, so I just took the card out of my pocket and looked at it. It read as follows: Easi (Erotic Arts and Sciences Institute) "Where Casanova became such a legend." Also It gave a phone number, and an adress.

I laughed and thought, 'what a bunch of bullshit', and went back out to join the guys at the table.

"I went to it too," Frank said. "It was amazing, it's like a school/resort. Except you're learning about something you give a damn about, and it's fun. You get there, and right away you're impressed. It's not some piece of sleazy crap. All first class. Once you sign in, you won't go six hour without getting fucked by professional women, who do it for a living. And they're teachers not whores. As you make love to a beautiful women, there are teachers, that tell you what to do. That gives the sex a more public flavor. 

"It all takes place in a huge resort, there are many different people there. They have great restaurants and a world class golf course. It's all very sensual, these women, man, their unbelievable. The teachers tell you what every different women wants, and how to pick up on signals that women are into you. They teach you how to eat pussy, so you will have no trouble getting a date. You'll be famous, these women talk about good fuck.

"Wow, but this amazing service, I'll bet it's not really cheap," I said.

"No, it's not, but it is WELL worth it," He said.

"Well...... absolutely not, I don't need or want that."

"You'll change your mind, there is no doubt, this is to amazing and you know it."

We went back to work, and I had a very distracted afternoon. It was hard to do my work, and I finally admitted to myself that this place seemed amazing. I mean, wow, I had to find out more. So, when I got home, I called over there.

"Hi, I never really called a place like this before, and I don't know what to say. How can I get more information on Easi, do you have a brochure or something?" I asked.

There was a pause and then the receptionist answered me. "We don't offer brochures, but we can give you a free tour of Easi, if you can get here. Mr. Donlason, the owner, is so sure that you will love it there that he actually buys plane tickets for you to come. But of course, after your tour, you must set up an appointment, which will not be free. Do you understand?"

"Yeah, I understand, how soon can I book my flight."

"I can book it now if you wish?"

"Yes, of course, I'll call you back to confirm."

I gave her my number. She called back to confirm my weekend tour.

Once, I told Frank, he was constantly telling me what a good decision I made. It, was Friday, so he wouldn't nag me for a long time. "You won't regret this, once you see it, you'll be going to it every year like I do. I like to call it a "tune up," if you know what mean', he said with smirk.

That night I couldn't sleep very well. I just kept thinking and preparing myself for what to expect. Was Frank really just lying, was it some sleazy hell-hole that only sick pervs go to? Or, was it just how he said, big, clean, beautiful décor, sweet women everwhere, and a great place to learn about sex? Well, if there flying me out there for free, to go on a tour it can't be horrible. I think. It's just a free tour, I'm not spending a penny. I thought those same things over and over again in my mind until I fell asleep.

* * * * *

When they said a plane, I thought they meant a coach seat in American Airlines, not what I got. I got my own private jet. I went inside to see luxurious leather, a stocked refrigerator, and a simply gorgeous woman, just sitting in a seat, kind of out of place. She just smiled at me and started talking.

"In a few hours you will be entering The Erotic Arts and Sciences Institute for your free tour. Mr. Donlason has told me you are to have nothing but the best during your tour. He doesn't do this for everyone, just the ones he likes."

"Jesus," I said, "what did I do to deserve this, he doesn't even know me?"

We spoke little more for the next few minutes, and I got a chance to really look at her. She was beautiful. With blonde hair, great breasts, long, smooth legs, and an ass that could make you faint. She had averagely full lips, small, piercing green eyes, and a very small chin, making her look unique as well as sweet. Overall, a great piece of ass.

After I had my fill of gawking, I looked around the plane. I was sitting in a large black leather chair, seemingly new. There were wooden cabinets, darkly stained, a big screen TV, dark blue plush carpeting. To my left, about 7 feet over there was a small bar, with more alcohol then I would need for a year. She sat on a brown leather 2-piece set, a little bit older than what I was sitting on. I saw a door to go in a bathroom, but decided to talk to the women across from me.

"So, what's your name?" I asked breaking the silence.

"Orion" (pronounced like the telescope manufacturing company), she said quietly.

I thought about asking how she got that name but decided not to get into it. "I'm Jerry."

She shook her head and said, "Oh."

There was another two minute pause, this time she spoke first. "Ok, I usually wait for the guys to start but..... I've never been brought down here to tell guys about Easi without showing them what it is like. You know, to give you a little taste. That's my job, I show people what it's like. Most guys just realize this and start to grope me. But not you, for some reason you're different. Did you not know that all Easi is, is fucking, and learning how to fuck, and that there are no rules?. Never mind, look, do you wanna fuck or no?"

She didn't even wait for a response, she just walked over to me and smiled. She put her arm around me, and smiled again. Looking more beautiful up close, I could no longer control myself. I kissed her deep and long.

"Now, you are getting the hang of it, relax and undress. I'll go put something more....actually something less on. Just wait, I think you'll like it.

She went in the bathroom and I was really in heaven. I knew I was about to fuck a gorgous women. And I got undressed and patiently waited. I couldn't help but have a smile on my face the whole time.

I lay on the 2-piece leather set where she was and waited, not knowing what to expect. When she did come out, I don't think I remembered seeing a more beautiful looking women in all my life. She came out, smiling, in a perfect fitting g-string. White straps going up to meet her panties, light patterns all over her top. You could see the outline of her entire glorious body. Her hair was let down about three inches past her shoulders. Her legs looked more beautiful than ever before. She had enjoyably thick thighs, a flat tummy, breasts just waiting to be licked, and a cute little expression on her face, that showed of happiness and anticipation at the same time.

The Goddess slowly walked over to me. She bowed in front of me, took my hand and kissed it as if I were the women. But I didn't care, that was the least most important thing on my mind.

She leaned over and kissed me, and put her hand on my hard organ. Without any warning said to me, "Jerry, follow me." She took me to room that I never saw before, with a huge bed, it looked to be bigger than any king sized bed I ever saw. I didn't get to see much more because my eyes were glued on Orion.

I took her, and threw her on the bed. She looked at me with pure lust in her eyes as I walked to her. As Orion lay there, I knelt in front of her and undid the straps, as to take off her panties. Her hips instinctively and involuntarily bucked at my touch. To my delightful surprise, her pussy was completely shaven, making smooth and unmarred. I saw her clit, and it was delighted with all the attention.

"Just fuck me, ok honey?" she said quietly. She came on top of me, and straddled my hips. She slowly sunk down on my dick, and as every inch went in her face showed of pleasure. Then, she started her hips in my direction, and smiled down at me. As we fucked, she realized she still had her g-string top on, so she unbuckled her straps, and threw off the top.

I put my hand on her amazing ass, and a tingle went up her spine, she shivered. To my utter disappointment got up. I wasn't disappointed for long though as she turned around, displaying her great ass, just waiting to be fucked. I knew what she wanted me to do.

I crawled over to her and cautiously, slipped my prick in. It slipped in easily as her love juice made for the perfect lube. Even from behind her, I could see a wide smile on her face. Obviously, she loved to ass-fuck, as she leaned back into me as hard as she could. Her body stiffened, her back arched, and she was in pure bliss.

I slipped out and we lay there exhausted, sweating. I looked over at her. She was in a state of complete calm and contentment. Then she looked over at me with her piercing green eyes, and we both laughed.

It stayed that way for a few minutes. Until suddenly I had an Idea. I looked over at the wine, cooling in ice. I got up, took two pieces of ice and put then right in my mouth. She looked over at me and laughed. "What are you doing?" I didn't answer. Her legs far were apart, so I sat between. I took the ice out of my mouth, and went straight for her pussy with my ice-cold tongue! "Holy fuck!, and a few groans later my tongue became warm again.

She let out a little moan, short and sweet. Instead of going straight for her clit, I licked it once every five seconds, to keep it sensitive to my tongues touch. So we started to get into a little rhythm. Every other moment she shuddered, as her hips bucked at me faster. I knew she was approaching crescendo, I took the sign and started to engulf her clit, her hips vibrated toward me. Her face squirmed, she licked her lips as her excitement slowly came to an end.

A few minutes later, we got a message on the intercom saying that the plane is land in fifteen minutes. We quickly got dressed, and headed out to the main room, to have a drink, and calm down before the plane touched down.

"Will I see you again, or what," I asked lightly. 

"Maybe, I won't be the only women you fuck on this trip. If you stay for the full trip, that is. When you go there, you simply don't have a chance. It's to amazing, they'll hypnotize you with how amazing it is. And it really is a place you can't get enough of."

She continued, "Well, you'll see, it's like a club, except it's a school/hotel/expensive whore house/resort/spa/sex haven. It's lots of things, you'll like it."

We sat down as the plane landed. I saw Easi rise out of the trees. It was the most amazing, beautiful place I ever laid eyes on. Crystal clear waters circled the island. White pillars held Easi up. There were several large domes, of which I had no idea what they were used for. To the left of Easi a huge, very expensive looking 18 hole golf course. To the right were a few tennis courts, and next to them was what I guessed to be an Olympic sized swimming pool. Even farther off to the right was a perfect looking beach. We were still far away, but it looked as if it were a nude one. I was going to like it here.

Once the plane stopped I was getting out, and I was greeted by Mr. Donlason himself.

"I trust you had a pleasant journey here, with Orion at you service?" he said smiling.

"Very pleasant, Mr. Donlason."

"Excellent, follow me," he said walking down a path towards Easi.

I followed him. Slowly, I noticed that Orion had disappeared, but I didn't say anything. We walked until we came into the entrance. He opened the large metal door, and I stepped inside.

I entered to see a wide open expanse of a lobby. A huge sculpture/fountain was the centerpiece. The floors had white tiles, shiny and new. To my left there was a piano playing, to my right I saw a huge sofa. It seemed to be made for about 10 people. On the sofa, there were four beautiful women sitting with one man. We continued to walk on through the lobby.

"We have what we like to call 'fun rooms' on each of our 7 levels. I'll take you to one on the first floor. That is where the actual teaching takes place. Follow me."

He took me down a long corridor, furnished with many original paintings and an old Chinese mask that seemed to be authentic.

We came to a clear glass door, which he opened. Inside, I saw quite a sight. A small man was fucking the shit out of a young, black haired women. She seemed to be young, about 22 or so. There were people around with clipboards, watching and telling him what her spots were and how to hit them.

They were on an oriental rug, large and comfortable looking. There was a mirror in front of them so he could see what he saw doing to her. She seemed to be enjoying herself.

We left the room, and then he proceeded in showing me peoples living quarters. He took me to the third floor.

Instead of being like a hotel, it was like each room was a separate house. We stepped inside one such room. It had blue, plush carpeting. Immediately to my left was a bathroom, ahead was the rest of the room.

I went to look inside the bathroom.

"Jesus, this bathroom is bigger than me living room," I said. And it really was. They had blue-plaid pattern for the wallpaper. There were four towel racks, each folded neatly to to the point of being ridiculous. Like some one went around with a measuring tape and made absolutely sure that each fold, each crease was exactly perfect.

The towels themselves looked new, and were an off-white color. The tiles on the floor were blue, I could still smell cleaner that was used on them. Ahead there was a large shower, so big it looked made for more than two.

'I'm looking in the bathroom for too long', I thought, and left. I continued down to the room.

The first thing I noticed was the bed. Notice I say bed, not beds. It was also huge, the same size as the one on the plane. It too looked for more than two people.

"This isn't the whole area, there are other rooms. Follow me," he said. WE went into a rather small room, with a lot of books on the wall, and a large, stained desk. It looked to be made of oak.

"This is the study," he said as he quickly walked through and into another room. I followed.

"This is your living room and kitchen, complete with 64 inch satellite tv and refrigerator. Oh, by the way did I tell you what makes this place different, other than the obvious? After you pay your initial fee of $5000 everything is free. That means golfing, eating, teaching, room service. And you can stay as long as you want. If you stay for the weekend, five grand, the week, five grand, ten minutes, five grand. We cut you off after two months though no one stays that long."

"Do you wish to see more, or have you made your decision Mr. Davison?" 

"How much more could there possibly be?" I asked.

"Well, there's the massage room, our golf course, which can be used for more than just golf. Also we have world class swimming and scuba diving, and an excellent menu."

"Again do you..?"

"No, no I need not see any more. I want to experience this place, it seems amazing. Do you have an opening now, or will I have to wait?"

"Well, first you must pay, we except no checks. Usually, our clients wire the money to the Easi account, which in all honesty is mine."

"I can wire it immediately," I said.

* * * * *

The next few hours were complicated and not of interest. But the outcome is, I got the money wired to his account and my adventure began.

When the whole thing was sorted out it was late to eat, but I haven't eaten anything and was famished. I brought the subject up to Mr. Donlason, who smiled at my asking.

"Yes, of course, I'll get one of my teachers to accompany you. Will you like room service or a restaurant?" he asked.

I wanted to see where the room service would go, so I told him, "room service will be fine." He smiled again, then shook his head.

He instructed me to go up to my room, and wait for a menu and a teacher. I did so. When I got up to my room, I got a chance to really look through it. It really was amazing. There was a phone in each room, and a beautiful sculpture in the study that I hadn't seen before. I was observing it when I got a knock on the door.

When I walked over and open the door, I got a surprise. Standing there in my doorway was an unbelievably beautiful woman. The first thing I noticed about her was her height, she was about 5'10. Like Orion, she had averagely full lips, but she had big brown eyes. To accompany her brown eyes she had brown hair, which was about four inches longer than her shoulders. Medium sized breasts, I guessed small C. My eyes wandered down to her legs. I swear to God, they were longer than mine! They looked so long and smooth I could of fucked her right then and there, no questions asked. But of course, I held back. She was such a sweet.

You may of thought that I was standing there gawking, but the whole process took about 1.5 seconds.

"Come in," I said invitingly.

"I will," she said in a deep voice. But not in a bad deep voice, the kind that makes people seem old. You know the kind. Her voice was soft, smooth, quiet and deep.

She walked past me through the door. I bit my fist, eyebrows high, with a deep smile on my face. But I made it quickly vanish.

She sat down on the leather sofa in the living room, legs crossed. I sat down across from her, on another leather chair. I looked over at her, and she smiled with the cutest little dimples, her eyes getting even bigger.

"So what's your name?" I asked.

"Madeline," she said, continuing to smile.

"I'm Jerry," I said. 

There was about five seconds of no talking, then I said, "I'll get you a menu."

She quickly returned with, "Oh, no thanks I already ate."
