 This story is true. Names have been changed, but all events are true. This is the story of how my wife and I eased our way into swinging. It all started with a stoned threesome.

My wife Analisa and I had been married for three years. We had no children at the time and had a very healthy sex life. We both were very adventurous and would constantly try different things. Through our trials, Analisa found that she liked being tied up, but not the whipping and flogging. She loves anal. She was not found of giving blowjobs, but over time found pleasure in it. She still hates swallowing to this day, but loves it when her massive 38H tits get covered in cum. Analisa is not a small woman. She is also not fat. She is chubby in all the right areas. She has massive tits, a wonderful big ass, and thick thighs. She has a little pudge in the stomach area, but I love it. I am one that would be considered average. I am not athletic at all. I do go to the gym, but that is to keep myself from getting fat. I do not have a six pack and I do not have well defined muscles. I am average. In between my legs, I have a 7in cut cock. Nothing spectacular. It is reasonably thick, but nothing to brag about. It does the job it needs to do.

One morning, as I prepared for my busy day of editing pictures of a wedding I had taken pictures for the previous week, Analisa came in to tell me that an old friend of ours was back from the military and wanted to hang out. Dave had been a friend of ours in high school. None of us were overly close, but we had hung out on many occasions. When he joined the Army, we kept in contact with him over the different social medias. He was a real chill guy who I had known to be a stoner. Every time we had hung out with him, we were always getting high. The fact that he gave that up to join the army was an incredible feat. I told Analisa to invite him over that evening.

My day went by rather quickly. I smoked a couple of joints, got the pictures edited for the wedding, and then worked on some pictures of Analisa I had taken a couple of nights before. We had never posted any of them online, as Analisa was still not sure if she wanted them out there for others to see just yet. She had seen Tumblr and thought about it, but she never did agree to it. We had a rather nice collection of her in many different outfits, states of undress, and her pleasuring herself with toys. We even had a couple of photos and videos of her sucking my cock and getting fucked. They all sat on my private drive, waiting for the time she would tell me to slowly release them to the world.

Analisa got home around 5pm and close to 6pm, Dave arrived. Dave was about my height, but in much better shape than me. The army was responsible for that. He had the body that most men wanted. I wouldn't have minded it, but I really did not have the drive to put that much effort into it.

"Welcome home," said Analisa as she hugged him. She had admitted to me on several occasions that if I had not gotten to her first, she would have been all over Dave. Most people would be worried about having that guy around their wives, but I wasn't. Unless Dave was rocking an anaconda in his pants and could make a woman orgasm just from touching them, I was not worried.

"It is good to be back. I did my time, but now it is time to focus on school and enjoying life. Speaking of that."

Dave reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a huge sack of weed.

"So, it will be that kind of night," I said as I hugged my old friend. All of us were 25 and still in our fun stages of life. I was lucky to be self employed and rather successful. Dave had gone the military route, and Analisa was a nurse. We had responsibilities, but nothing that stopped us from having fun. We led Dave to our back porch and handed him our grinder and some papers. It was not long until the three of us had finished off three very fat joints. We were high. We talked about everything from our time in high school to everything we did while apart. He was happy to know that Analisa and I got married and was impressed with how well my business had been going.

"It must be nice being your own boss," said Dave as he started rolling the fourth joint of the evening.

"It has it's perks. No random drug testing," I said with a laugh.

"That is a definite plus," said Dave. "Are you hiring?""At the moment, I have just enough business to keep my self employed and pay the bills.""Well if you ever need an assistant, let me know."

As the night rolled on, we continued to smoke. We were around six joints and three bong bowls in when Dave asked to see some of the pictures I had taken. I slowly walked into my office and grabbed my laptop. I opened up the file I had been working on and let him explore the pictures while Analisa and I smoked yet another joint. It was after a few minutes that I heard Dave keep saying Damn over and over. Analisa was curious and looked at the pictures he was looking at and instantly blushed. I walked over and realized that I had left open the file with all of the pictures and videos I had taken of Analisa.

"Damn. You two are freaky," said Dave as he kept looking over the pictures. When I realized what he had been looking at, he was on a set that had Analisa masturbating with a vibrator in her pussy and an Anal Plug in her ass.

"That was not the file I had meant to show you," I said in shock.

Analisa could not even speak. She was embarrassed and mortified.

"This is some really good shit man. You should take more pictures like this of other people. I bet you could find a shit ton of horny people that would want pictures like this of themselves and of their significant others. Analisa, you look fucking sexy as hell. Damn girl!"

Hearing Dave tell her that she looked sexy as hell made her relax slightly. As he kept scrolling through the pictures, I watched as he regularly reached down to his crotch and readjusted himself. I don't know why but knowing that another man was getting hard looking at pictures of my wife started to turn me on. Analisa and I had talked about bringing others into the bed with us but had never actually gone through with it. Neither Analisa nor I stopped Dave as he continued to look through the pictures. When he got to the videos, he placed the laptop on the coffee table in front of him. He didn't even attempt to hide the fact that he had to adjust himself again.

"This shit is hot. Damn girl, you are loving your man's cock. You are talented. I need something like that."

It was at that point that Analisa looked at me and looked right back at her. I could tell that hearing him say that got her very horny. It got me horny too. I was horny from looking at the pictures and videos, and horny from thinking about her sucking his black cock. I simply nodded at her and she took control of the situation.

"Has it been a while for you," asked Analisa, rubbing her tits against his shoulder. He looked at her and she licked her lips. Dave then turned and looked at me as to get confirmation that what was happening was ok. I gave him a friendly shrug. Analisa dropped down to her knees and slowly rubbed his cock through his shorts. I could tell that he was bigger than me, but not by much. I left the room to quickly grab one of my cameras. This was going to be something I had to record. When I got back in the room, she was slowly pulling his shorts down. Finally, she unleashed his hard cock. It was impressive, but not something that I was intimidated by. I was waiting for her to get that cock in her mouth. She licked her lips and then slowly moved her face to his cock and ran her tongue from his balls up to the head, and then back down the shaft. She slowly continued to tease him, even flicking the tip of his cock with her tongue. She finally took his throbbing cock into her mouth and began bobbing her head up and down on it. Dave leaned his head back as my wife worked his cock. After five minutes of enjoying the taste of his cock, Analisa stopped. Dave seemed disappointed until he realized why she had stopped. She stripped off her shirt revealing her massive tits with pierced nipples. The then went right back to work sucking his cock. At this point I put the camera down where it could still record what was happening. I stripped out of my clothes and decided to join in on the fun. Before I could get in on the action, Dave was ready to blow his load.

"Oh shit baby. I gonna cum."

She pulled his cock out her mouth and began stroking it furiously.

"Cum on these tits. Shoot your load all over my tits."

It was mere moments later that he took hold of his cock and aimed them at her tits. He then sent rope after rope of his hot, sticky man cream all over her tits. She rubbed the cum all over her tits, using it as lotion. She then stood up and stripped out of her shorts and panties revealing her recently smoothly shaved pussy. He began licking his lips as he eyed her cunt.

"Want a taste," she asked in her most seductive Latina voice.

"You damn straight I want a taste."

Dave laid down on the floor and Analisa positioned her pussy directly over his waiting mouth. She lowered herself down and as soon as his tongue could reach, he began to slowly and delicately licking her drenched pussy. His tongue ran across her clit and then would plunge deep into her cunt, enjoying the taste of all her juices. She began to moan as he worked over her pussy. It was then that I walked up to the side of her and placed my cock next to her face. She did not even hesitate. She placed her lips around my hard cock and began slowly moving up and down, savoring the taste of my cock. I could feel her moan as Dave began to lick her pussy with more aggression. He had a grip on her thighs and was burying his tongue deeper and deeper into her dripping sexpot. She then began sucking my cock faster. She was playing with my balls with one hand and stroking Dave's revived cock with her other. She suddenly popped my cock out of her mouth as Dave had found the right spot.

"Oh shit! Oh Shit! Don't stop! I'm gonna fucking cum! Eat that pussy! Make me cum!"

Dave became more determined. He focused on her swollen clit and began licking it and sucking on it. Five minutes later, Analisa let out a scream of ecstasy as she had her first orgasm of the night. As soon as she came down from the high that was the orgasm, she straddled Dave and buried his cock in her. She began riding him, covering his cock with her juices. He grabbed at her tits, which were still covered in his cum from earlier. He pinched her nipples and would occasionally slap her tits. Nothing hard, which she was ok with. He grabbed her hips and started fucking her hard. I had repositioned myself and once again had my cock in my wife's mouth. After a while, she looked up at me and told me exactly what she wanted.

"Get under me. I need to feel his cock in my ass. Please let me take that big black cock in my ass."

Dave was quick to get up and to allow me to get on the ground. I laid down and was quickly mounted by Analisa. Her pussy was dripping with her juices. Once she was in position, Dave came up behind her and placed the head of his cock at the entrance to her back door. He slowly inserted his cock in her. He was so lubed up from her cunt that no extra lube had been needed. He slowly began to thrust in her, causing her to moan loudly. Soon, he and I had found a rhythm and were pounding both her pussy and her ass. He would pull out as I would thrust in and vice versa. Analisa was in a state of pure ecstasy. She had two minor orgasms followed by a powerful orgasm that caused her eyes to roll in the back of her head and collapse on me. She then came back up as Dave said he was ready to cum again.

"Cum on my ass. Cum all over my ass." She then looked at me with a devilish grin. "You better cum in me at the same time."

I was close and in perfect time, I erupted into my wife's pussy as Dave sent another large load all over her ass. The feeling of being filled and covered by cum caused her to have yet another orgasm. Once we were all spent, Analisa excused herself to go shower and clean up. I got myself and Dave towels to clean ourselves up. He rolled another joint and handed it to me.

"That was some incredible shit man," he said, still recovering. "I didn't know you two were into that sort of shit."

"That was the first time," I said as I took a hit off the joint. "We talked about it, but it never happened before."

"I think I can honestly say that Analisa is a sex freak."

"I think you are right. I also think that she got to fuck two guys so now it is my turn and we had better find another woman to join us."

Analisa came back from her shower and grabbed the joint from my hands.

"I agree. I need to see what makes you guys want to eat pussy so bad."