 © 2005. All rights reserved

This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. THIS WORK CONTAINS ADULT MATERIAL, INCLUDING EXPLICIT SEXUALITY. IF SUCH MATERIAL OFFENDS YOU, PLEASE DO NOT READ FURTHER. 

* * * * *

I

SHE SAW HIM ACROSS THE DESERTED STREET, and instantly felt a stab of excitement deep in her loins. He had the sexiest body she'd seen in a long time. It stopped her in her tracks.

She watched him swing out of the back of the small truck, his strong muscles rippling smoothly. His back was to her and she paused, enjoying watching his body. He had the physical arrogance of a man used to getting second glances. Gripping the overhead crossbar with both hands over his head, he paused fractionally, and then pulled himself up in a sort of chinning action, his shoulders and biceps cording and bunching. He drew his legs up high, bending his knees, and in one smooth motion, dropped his feet over the tailgate onto the high bumper. His arms spread wide to the side supports. His back was a sharply tapering V from the broad shoulders to the high narrow hips. He wore nothing but a pair of short briefs, so small they were almost like sports underpants. Nisha drank in the sight of his body, the strong sinewy back, the long muscular arms and legs, the taut buttocks.

He dropped to the ground and turned to one side and she sucked in her breath sharply. He was incredibly handsome, the features of his clean-shaven face finely defined. His hair was thick, black, cut short and swept back off his broad forehead. The nose was slim, slightly hooked. The lips were wide, the jaw square and hard. His eyes were dark and set deep. He was evidently young -- she guessed about twenty -- but already he had a rugged, manly look that would, in time, make him totally irresistible. But more than that he had a confidence about his body that could only have come from genuine sexual experience.

She looked more closely, ogling unabashedly now. His body was stunning. The sculpted chest was broad and deeply cleaved. His nipples were small and dark, pulled wide and low under the sweeping W of his pectorals. His belly was flat and hard as a washboard, every tough cobble of muscle cleanly defined. His torso was sexily hairless. His biceps were thick and rounded. 

He turned slightly and her eyes slid to his groin and she felt herself go wet with excitement. The shorts hid very little. He was obviously extremely well-hung. The bulge in his crotch was prominent and thick. 

His head turned and he saw her watching him. At first his eyes narrowed slightly in curiosity. Then he followed her gaze and a slow, knowing grin creased his features. He opened his mouth and waggled his tongue, miming a tongue-fuck. It was utterly obscene and very erotic. Nisha felt herself flushing. She dropped her head and turned away. His soft chuckle followed her down the quiet street.

The next night he was there again, and the night after that. This time he seemed to be waiting for her. He lounged idly, leaning against the tailgate of the truck, his legs stretched and crossed at the ankles, his arms folded across his massive chest. His eyes never left her. He watched her as she stopped and lingered, looking at him. This time, emboldened by her repeated appearances, he lifted his right hand, palm facing her and, bending his middle finger forward, pumped his wrist to and fro in the common signal of a fuck. She didn't move. He dropped his hand and cupped his crotch and thrust his hips back and forth. She saw the flash of his very white teeth in the gathering gloom. Still she didn't turn away. She heard his soft laugh and saw him hook his thumbs in the font of Y-front, bikini-type briefs and quickly jerk them down below his crotch. She couldn't contain her small cry. His cock was huge, at least seven inches long still limp, and very thick, hanging over his heavy, low balls like a hosepipe. Her jaw dropped and she clapped her hand to her mouth. Her skin burned. The man laughed. Nisha turned her face and began hurrying away.

"Don't fight it, lady! I've got what you want, you just have to come and get it! Anytime you're ready!" His words chased her down the street.

She felt feverish that night, the image of his body and his cock invading her mind constantly. There was an aching heat in her loins and breasts and her body yearned for his touch. She struggled to put him out of her mind, forced herself to bed but sleep would not come. Moaning desperately, she began masturbating, using her fingers; it wasn't good enough. She hurried to the kitchen, naked, gasping and burning with excitement and grabbed the first big vegetable she found, a long green cucumber, cold from the refrigerator. Whimpering, she flung herself on the kitchen floor and, spreading her legs, thrust the thick stem into her cunt. It felt good, better than her fingers at any rate. She masturbated violently for several minutes and her orgasm was sharp and intense. But it still wasn't the same. Her pulse racing, she showered and took a sleeping pill and forced herself into bed. 

She'd hoped the feeling might pass the next morning but if anything it was only worse, a fiercer hunger and need than she'd known in a long time. She sighed to herself and gave in. Tonight. She would go to him tonight. She had no choice. She had to have him. She had to let him have her.

She came home early and prepared herself carefully, doing her eye makeup and hair, trimming her pubic fuzz. She'd read somewhere that masturbating with a peeled karela before sex improved it enormously because the bitter gourd was astringent and contract the vaginal passage. In any case, she reasoned, there's no harm in trying and there's enough time. She slid a XXX-rated hardcore movie into the DVD and settled down naked on the couch. The film featured an exceptionally well-hung black man fucking a young Indian woman. Nisha began to fantasize about being the woman in the film. She watched the woman sucking the man's enormous penis and groaned at sight of it as it filled the screen. Spreading her legs, she slid the karela slowly into her cunt. What she'd read was correct: instantly, she felt her cunt tightening and convulsing on the vegetable and she gasped in delight. Groaning, she pushed it in deeper still, squeezing and fondling her swollen breasts, pinching her stiff nipple. On screen, the man was fucking the woman on her back and her cries were loud and high. The huge cock pistoned in and out of her visibly wet cunt. Nisha wanted it to be her. Her hand moved faster and faster between her legs. Her hips jerked and writhed. The vegetable grew slippery with her streaming cunt juices. Her orgasm neared. On the screen, the black man was now fucking the Indian woman from behind, taking her hard, slapping his thighs loudly at her buttocks, gripping her hips and rocking her body back and forth under his. Her big breasts swung to and fro with his thrusts. Nisha moaned, imagining how good it must feel to be fucked like this. Just as her orgasm threatened to break, she bit her lip and jerked the karela out with a gasp. It took her several minutes to recover and it was all she could do not to put it back in or finish off with her fingers. Her cunt tingled with a tightness she had not felt before. Slowly, she got to her feet, her head now swimming in a deep sexual haze. 

She dressed provocatively, putting on a button-down shirt of very fine and smooth synthetic material that clung to her body. No bra. Beneath, she pulled on a pair of jeans -- no panties -- and slipped her bare feet into loafers. She drew hair back and gathered it in a large clip. Stepping out, she went out to her little balcony. Darkness was falling and the streetlights were already on. She could see the road in front of her building and the turn into the lane where she had first seen the man. She saw the truck parked in the lane. The man was already there. She saw him pop the hood and bend over the front grill. With a quickening of excitement, and let herself out of the house. 

The security guard came out of his little cabana as she walked out of the building gate, salaamed and asked her if he could help or get her a taxi from the other corner. She slowed her quick pace and shook her head, mumbled something about going out to see a friend and, not for the first time, noticed the way his eyes moved hungrily over her face and body. She stopped and smiled sweetly at him. He wasn't bad looking himself, dark and tall and with an evidently lean and hard body. She wondered for a moment whether he'd be good in bed and how well he might be endowed. She enjoyed the sight and feel of a large penis and believed the theories of size not mattering to be just so much nonsense. A big cock was a definite stimulus and a major turn-on. Perhaps, she said to herself, I might one day have him, too.

She nodded to the guard and walked down the road. She turned into the lane and saw the truck and the guy now sluicing it down. The truck was facing away from her, pointed in the direction in which she usually when she was returning home. Obviously he wasn't expecting her to come up behind him. She decided to surprise him. She watched as he swung himself up into the truck and disappeared into its darkness and then, crossing the road to the other side where he wouldn't see her, she paused and quickly opened out all the buttons of her shirt. For a second, she debated going to him like that but decided against it. She gathered the shirt-tails, drew them taut across her chest and tied them in a firm knot high as high above her belly as she could. The shirt looped and bulged open and she adjusted it so that her breasts showed beneath and above and only her nipples were covered, and only just. Smiling inwardly in excitement, she stole across the street to the opposite side, circled around the truck and came around in front of it. 

She stepped forward along the side of the truck just as the young man swung down from the tailgate and stepped to its side. He saw her and his face split in a grin; and then he saw how she was dressed and his grin broadened. He really was very good-looking and incredibly sexy. 

"You came," he said softly.

"Yes," she murmured.

The man couldn't believe his fortune. The woman was one hot number. Her dusky skin was smooth and glossy, with a satiny sheen. He noticed that she had a few attractive dark birth marks on her cheek and the side of her neck and, he noticed now, one deep in her cleavage. Perhaps there were more elsewhere. He would know soon. Her hair was thick and rich, black, swept back and caught high behind her head in a tall, large-toothed clip. His eyes lingered on the skin behind her ears and on her neck: the flesh was smooth, taut and he wanted to reach out and run his fingers over it. Her face was gentle. Her dark eyes were lined with kajal, the eyebrows neatly trimmed, but not overly so. Her nose was unremarkable, straight and neither too sharp nor too broad, not too curved either. Her lips were lovely, though, glossy and full and her smile was dazzling and quick, touching her eyes. Her teeth were very white and he noticed that one of the canines on the right was sexily crooked over the next tooth. It was an irregularity, not a blemish. 

Usually, she wore nothing revealing, perhaps a simple white-on-white patterned calf-length kurta that reached below her knees, baggy salvar pants and sensible low-heeled black shoes. A patterned dupatta with a light embossed pattern would be arranged carefully over her chest and shoulders. Despite the dress he had been able to tell that her body was good, full and ripe. She wasn't tall, about five-five, but her breasts were full and heavy. The belly was evidently firm and her buttocks were splendid, smoothly curved and proportionate, the hips spreading just right, nothing that made her look heavy. The kurtas, with long slits up either side, were cut to accentuate the curves of her body just enough without being too evident. The overall effect was of a neat, clean, compact and well-proportioned body. Now he saw that it was even sexier than he had imagined -- her breasts were superb, full and high and ripe, bulging through the tightly drawn shirt. Her belly was firm and flat. She wore two small ear-studs in each lobe and a small silver stud in her left nostril. Her eyes were lined with kohl and seemed to shimmer with a hungry heat. A heavy gold necklace nestled between her breasts.

He looked quickly over his shoulder. There was no one on the street. He looked back, winked, and, as he had done the day before, pulled his shorts down. He laughed softly when he saw her quick intake of breath, her lips parting. He began masturbating slowly.

"You want this? You want this in your cunt, right? That's why you came?"

Nisha felt a shiver of excitement. Closer now, his cock was even bigger than she had expected and it wasn't even fully hard yet. She wondered how much longer and thicker it would get and whether it would hurt her. He saw her expression and grinned, masturbating more quickly. His cock rose, thickening and lengthening. Nisha bit her lower lip; it was incredibly erotic, just looking at it and imagining its heat and thickness invading her flesh. She wanted it, and badly. She was mesmerized by the serpent.

Now it was his turn to goggle. Still watching him masturbate, Nisha moved her hands up her bare midriff to under her breasts and lifted and squeezed them in wanton offering. He gawked as she squeezed the mounds in her hands, crushing them together. Her hand stole down her belly and he saw her flick open the top button clasp of her jeans.

"Oh fuck!" he gasped softly. 

She stepped forward towards him, closer and closer. His hand was moving slowly now. She came up very close. She could smell his warm sexy muskiness. Her hand moved out and held his cock. She groaned softly, squeezing the mass filling her palm. It really was huge. Her fingers didn't go around its girth. It was as thick as a cigarette pack now and at least ten inches long. The shaft burned in her hand.

"I want you," she said softly. "I want you to fuck me. Hard. I want your cock."

He grinned again, regaining his poise. His arousal was apparent. His hands slid up her body to her breasts and she trembled in pleasure. He flicked open the knot of her shirt and the twin prisoners burst free. His hands were heavy and hard on her breasts, over her nipples. She groaned softly.

"Nice," he said. "Very nice." He tilted his head to the truck. "Inside."

He dropped his briefs and, naked, holding his briefs in his hand, pulled open the cab door and hoisted himself into it quickly and effortlessly, then turned and stretched his hand to hers to help her up. She stepped up into the cab. He moved in a bit on the bench seat and spread his legs. She turned towards him, her body tingling with excitement. She couldn't believe she was doing this. 

Her face tilted up and she felt her lips pressing down on hers and opened her mouth. His tongue, heavy and thick, slid at once into her mouth. She groaned into his mouth and her hand moved up his thigh to his crotch. 

"Oh god," she moaned, breaking the kiss when her hand found his cock. She pumped it eagerly, deftly drawing back the foreskin and bent over his lap. 

She heard him gasp when her lips slipped around the thick cock-head. She groaned deep in her throat, feeling the huge cock distend her face and mouth and began sucking it hungrily, working the cock-head avidly with her tongue. Its musky taste and odour made her dizzy with excitement. 

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck!" the young man gasped, his hand moving her head up and down, his head flung back and eyes half-closed. "Oh fuck yes! C'mon! Suck it! Ahhh uhh yes, c'mon, bitch, suck! Suck harder!"

Nisha moaned at the coarse language. The huge cock-shaft, ridged with thick veins, filled her mouth and fist. Ducking her head, she began licking and sucking his balls, caressing her face and lips and cheeks with his cock, running her sharp little teeth up and down the shaft, moaning in excitement. 

"Oh god yes, it's so beautiful," she murmured, nuzzling his belly and pressing her swollen breasts in a warm, fleshy sheath over his now-sticky cock-head, running it over her stiff nipples. "God, I could suck it all night!" 

She took it in her mouth again, sucking harder and harder. The man groaned feverishly and she felt his hand curling under her body and squeezing her breasts. The woman was incredible. There was a deft cunning in the way she used her tongue and lips and teeth; she was evidently experienced and he wondered, dimly, if she was married or just had lovers and how many and when he'd get to be with her again. Her face was soft between his legs, her silken hair brushing his hard belly and thighs sexily. He moaned and pre-cum gunk spurted from his cock-head and she moaned, swallowing it, letting it dribble on her fingers, savouring it on her cheeks and breasts. 

Whimpering softly, she moved her head up, still fisting his cock, now kissing his superbly muscled torso, licking his small, dark nipples.

"God, you're so sexy," she said. "I want you! Please ... fuck me! Fuck me hard! I want your cock in my cunt!"

She rose and kissed him hard, letting him know her hunger and then lifted one of her breasts to his lips, pressing it into his mouth, gasping and mewing in pleasure as the hot tongues of lust leaped from her breast-tips when he whipped them with his tongue and took them between his teeth. She took his hand in hers and pressed it over her other breast.

"Please," she groaned again, "please fuck me! Please!"

"In the back!" he gasped. "Through here."

She lurched off him. He clambered over the back of the bench seat into a tiny little space behind and slid the latch on a half-height connecting door. He bent in half and squeezed through it into the back of the truck and she followed him.

The inside of the truck was bare. A narrow seat ran along one side. There was a pile of empty jute bags tossed against the partition behind the driver's cab. All three sides were covered with a thick brown tarpaulin. The tarp over the tailgate was rolled up and he didn't let it down. As she came through and straightened, the man pulled her forward against him again. She tore off her shirt and flung her arms around him, kissing him hard, rubbing her breasts against his chest. He fumbled with her jeans, opening them, shucking them down her hips. She kicked off her shoes and the jeans. His body was slightly tacky with sweat. His hands stole up her thighs to her naked buttocks; her hand went down to his crotch.

"I want to suck you again," she breathed and, without waiting for an answer, dropped to her knees on the jute bags on the floor of the truck and quickly took his cock in her mouth again.

The man gasped. Now he started fucking her mouth, one hand on a hip, the other on her head, looking down and watching her, moving her head to and fro, pumping his hips back and forth. His hand roamed caressingly over her face and lips, savouring the feel of his cock sliding in and out between her lips.

"Oh yeh ... that's good ... oh fuck yes! C'mon, bitch! Suck it! Yes! Suck my cock! Ahhh yeh ... you like a big cock, eh? Yeh, I can tell! Oh fuck yes! Yes! Suck, baby! Suck harder!"

She kept sucking his cock till he pushed her head away at last and fell to his knees before her. He kissed her hard, his hands on her breasts.

"You're incredible," he groaned. "Fucking unbelievable! I'm gonna fuck you all night, babe, gonna fuck you till you drop!"

"Oh god, yes!" she gasped, arching in his arms as his mouth and tongue and teeth found her swollen, aching breasts again. "Oh yes, I want it, oh god yes!"
