 The story contains an account of drug use and a fully bisexual foursome between four consenting adults: two male & two female. This is in no way an endorsement of the use of any substance that is illegal wherever you are.

This story may be true, or it may be a figment of my somewhat active imagination. It might even be a combination of the two. Regardless, it is an insight in to my thinking, and is intended as much as a catharsis for myself, as it is as a piece of erotic writing.

If the subject matter is of no interest to you, then please leave now. I have no wish to offend, and even less desire to delete feedback e-mails from individuals who cannot understand some of the issues that this story raises.

Please read this with an open mind, and enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it.

Ifits. 

* * * * *

MSN messenger connected and informed me of the myriad of e-mails awaiting my attention. Of course, they'd be the usual crap, mixed in with the less usual spam, and the occasional one of interest, but I had no reason to believe they'd be anything other than an inbox full of rubbish as usual. And I wasn't to be disappointed either. There was a page full of offers for penis extensions, fertilizer for your cock so that it would grow three extra inches in as many months, the Pamela Anderson and Tommy Lee video, and goat weed or whatever "natural" high was the current vogue. Same old same old. And one more...

I decided to leave this one until last. I deleted the obvious spam, and flicked through the remainder to make sure they were spam before I deleted them, and then turned my attention to the only remaining unread item. I like to treat e-mail like Christmas presents, and save the best till last.

For some reason, and I still don't really know why, I decided to wait a minute or two before opening the mail. I made a coffee, and grabbed a banana from the fruit bowl, and then finally opened it. I forget what the subject was, and I didn't recognize the e-mail address, but I felt like it contained something worth reading...and it had an attachment.

I opened it, and began to read. It was written by a man, for sure. I always think that men write differently to women. It's the way they phrase things and construct sentences. It always seem to be more, well, masculine. I don't know whether there's any scientific basis for this, but it seems that way to me. By the end of the first couple of paragraphs, I'd been introduced to Brad and Janet, an educated, professional, thirty something couple living in one of the nicer areas of Sydney, not far from myself and Al, my beautiful wife of a few years.

If you've read my other stories, you'll know that we like to "play" occasionally with other couples to scratch our "bi" itch, and if you haven't, you do now. So receiving an approach from another couple was nothing unusual in itself. However, until that point, they'd all been through a variety of adult contact sites. This guy had taken the time to find my e-mail address and contact us directly. 

Brad's missive continued with more details about themselves, their limited experience to that point, and what they were hoping to achieve. He had a couple of gentle bi experiences under his belt (pun intended), and Janet had never been with another woman, but was interested in trying. So far they sounded like our type of people. Educated, intelligent (note the distinction between the two), and above all else, serious.

I was beginning to like Brad. He wrote with authority, and had a good command of the English language. There was an elegance to his writing that suggested that the e-mail had been constructed with great care and thought. This was a guy who knew how to get what he wanted. I almost felt like he knew we'd be hooked the moment we read his words, and I have to admit to a distinct curiosity about him by the time I was half way through the mail.

As I approached the end, Brad told me that he'd read the stories I'd already posted, and felt like he knew me. He felt that we were the right people for them, and that the four of us could undoubtedly have a great deal of fun together. He signed off as elegantly as he'd written the rest of the mail, and I was left with the attached pictures to peruse. Rather than the usual variety of her with her legs akimbo showing her pussy to the world, or him with his dick in his hand or her mouth, they were a couple of rather normal holiday snaps with the faces blotted out, and one shot from the balcony of their apartment. The pictures of Brad and Janet did nothing to satisfy my curiosity as to their facial features, but more adequately demonstrated their general physical state, which can only be described as excellent. They were well dressed, they were obviously fit and healthy, and the snaps looked like they were taken somewhere reasonably exotic. The picture from the apartment was a fantastic panorama of Sydney Harbor, and was similar to a view we'd had a few years before. This was a couple with a little class and style.

Brad and Janet were the sort of people that we'd like. They were intelligent, educated, certainly not on the bread line, and knew what they wanted to achieve. All I had to do now was send a response and not fuck it up. So I carefully replied, making sure my grammar was correct, and trying to give the best possible impression. I even threw in a couple of small witticisms so that I didn't come across as too serious. In retrospect, I have no idea why I went so such effort, but it seemed the right thing to do at the time.

The following day, I received a reply written in the same well crafted, elegant fashion. Brad thanked me for the levity of my response, and suggested that we meet for a drink, and perhaps make a night of it by going to see a show at the Opera House. We'd met people over a beer before, but a show at the Opera House was a new one for us. More unusual still was the choice of entertainment: modern dance. Now, I'm the first to admit my lack of appreciation for the arts, and in truth, art is something that I look at and either like or don't like. That's as far as it goes. So after a quick check with Al to see whether she fancied the idea, I replied, gratefully accepting the offer, and including my mobile number so that Brad could contact me more easily. If nothing else came of this, I would have expanded my horizons a little at least. If I'd known then what was coming, I think I'd have run for cover.

He rang the next morning, and told me that the tickets were arranged and we agreed to meet in the bar outside an hour or so before the performance. Brad spoke with the same confidence and elegance that had been so evident in his writing. He was efficient without being brusque, buoyant without being effusive, and confident without being arrogant. If only some of the other couples we'd met had been like him.

36 hours later, Al and I were sitting at a table at the opera house bar waiting to meet Brad and Janet. Al had now read the e-mails, seen the pictures, and been given a thorough rundown of my opinions and assessment of our potential new friends. All we had to do was meet, enjoy each other's company, watch some modern dance, and then get together for hot steamy bi sex at some point in the future. Simple really!

Brad rang to find out where we were, and thirty seconds later, we were going through the rather stilted moments when you first meet the couple you're arranging to fuck. It's strange in a way. There's none of the maneuvering associated with trying to "chat up" a new partner. It's more like a business meeting.

Brad was 5' 10" with short dark hair and piercing brown eyes. He was smartly dressed in business attire, jacket & tie etc., but looked like he'd be much more at home in a pair of jeans and a loose shirt. He was slightly rugged in appearance, with a strong jaw line, and was obviously in good physical shape. Handsome would be the right word. Not quite an Adonis, but attractive without a doubt. 

Janet was 5' 2, with pale brown shoulder length hair that was tied back. She too was dressed in business clothes, although slightly less formal. I took a moment to study her. She was definitely an attractive woman, but not overtly sexy. Her body language was subtle, giving very little away about herself. I continued to watch as she spoke with Al. They shared a joke, and Janet smiled, her eyes flashing as she laughed. Outwardly, she was being quite guarded, but I got the impression that behind the smile was a passion and intensity that I found intriguing. 

We went through the usual chit chat and idle banter that is almost always associated with meeting new people, regardless of the environment, and began to get along very well. My initial assessment that they would be our kind of people was proving to be rather accurate, and the four of us were soon talking like old friends. After half an hour, I felt like I'd known them for years. This was something that I hadn't been expecting, and hadn't encountered before with the couples we'd met, and I have to say it came as a rather pleasant surprise. Before I knew it, our time was up, and we rushed to the Opera House to watch the dance.

In keeping with the evening's events so far, much to my surprise, I thoroughly enjoyed the show. I can't claim to understand much of it, if any, but I left thinking that it was a worthwhile experience. It wasn't that I was expecting to leave half way through, it's just that I was genuinely impressed by the whole thing. This is not to say that I am now an aficionado of all that is modern dance, and nor would I necessarily go again, but I'd had my money's worth and left feeling a bit better about life in general.

The four of us wondered out in to the cool night air, and, as we lived within a short distance of each other, Brad offered us a ride home. On the way, we decided that food was a good idea and stopped at a local Japanese restaurant for a take away. While waiting for our order, Brad and I chatted about various things, and the subject of drugs came up. Like many couples our age, we'd smoked a little grass, and had some great sex when stoned, and Brad assured me that they were no strangers to the experience themselves. I thought that he was about to tell me something further when the food arrived, and the conversation was interrupted. We went the short distance back to their place, and began to eat the fine array of sushi and sashimi that we'd bought. As we'd done at the beginning of the night, we chatted like old friends, and I found myself liking them both more and more. Not only were they both attractive to look at, they were attractive mentally. They had a intensity and passion for life that I found almost intoxicating. I wanted to know so much more about them.

Brad brought the topic of conversation back to drugs, and told us that they were familiar with a little more than just dope. In particular, they liked to indulge in a the occasional Ecstasy tablet. Because of the nature of their work, and the number of hours they put in, they would arrange to be "out of circulation" for a day or so. During this time, they'd take a tab each and get some serious relaxation and some very serious fucking.

Al and I looked at each other and smiled. We'd talked about trying E if the opportunity arose, and Brad and Janet seemed like the perfect accompaniment for the experiment. We talked at length about the physical effects, and what to expect. Brad had a good knowledge of the subject due to some training as a chemist, and assured us that if we chose to join them, we'd be taking something from a batch that had already been tried and tested by them. In retrospect, it seems strange trusting the word of a man I hardly knew, but at the time, I felt I had no reason to do otherwise. After all, he'd done his research looking for us, and had been nothing other than open and honest from the outset. Besides, in truth, I think myself and Al had made our minds up the moment the offer was put on the table. 

We finished dinner, and chatted for hours over a bottle of wine or two, and at somewhere around midnight, we said our thanks and goodbyes, and went home to think about what we were letting ourselves in for. The following morning, Friday, I received a message asking if Saturday was good for us. I rang Brad, and we arranged to meet at their place around 6:30. He left me with some instructions as to what and when to eat during the day, and that was that. It was all arranged. All we had to was bring ourselves and our imaginations.

The only thing remaining was to spend the next 24 hours finding out as much about Ecstasy and its effects as I could. If you're going to stick a chemical down your throat, or up you ass for that matter, you might as well be informed about what you're doing. True, there is an inherent risk with taking any illegal substance, but there's also a risk when you get in the car and drive, or cross the road. Of course, the best policy by far is to not do any of them, but life is not a dress rehearsal; there's no second chance. So the best you can do is make an informed decision, try to limit the risk factors, and go from there.

We had a late pasta lunch on Saturday, and whiled away the afternoon. I spent a few hours on the net researching what I could about E, and reading some user experiences. There is a wealth of opinion out there, ranging from sites calling for the distribution of E by governments, to those who advocate the death sentence for anyone caught in possession. In the middle are a wide variety of objective views giving sensible, professional or amateur advice.

By the time I was finished, I'd trawled through a huge amount of information, and felt that I knew what I was going to experience. I knew what to look out for with regards to symptoms and behavior, and so did Al. All we had to do was keep an eye on each other, and although we couldn't be 100% safe, we felt we'd approached the situation in a mature, sensible fashion and were ready to go ahead.

At 6:45, we arrived at Brad and Janet's place. We all sat together in the lounge room, drinking a beer and chatting about the plan for the evening. We talked about condoms, personal limitations and a whole range of subjects so that we all had the ground rules worked out. All we had to do was pop the pill, and a drug induced happiness would be right around the corner.

Brad nipped off for a moment, and came back with four bowls, containing four identical tablets. I picked mine up and looked at it. It had a smiling face embossed into one side: how appropriate. Other than that, it looked no different to an aspirin. I don't know what I was expecting, but it almost seemed disappointing. It was just a simple white tablet.

Brad's suggestion was that we took a half each, and if we wanted to, we could take the second half later. This seemed like a good plan, and that was that. No more than a minute later, I'd swallowed half of my first E tab, and was sitting around waiting for something to happen. Brad and Janet like to take theirs anally, and Al decided to do the same. They trouped off to the bathroom together, and mere moments later they were back.

Dance music was playing quietly in the background, and the first inkling I had of any effect from the E was a sudden urge to dance. I didn't feel like I was stoned, and certainly didn't feel drunk or out of control: I just felt like dancing. Fortunately, Brad informed me that we had work to do before we got too into the experience, and dragged me off to find some bedding for the lounge floor. Rather than trying to squeeze the four of us on to a bed, we simply put the mattress on the floor up against the couch, which by now had been covered with sheets and towels. Janet produced a box of toys, a large bottle of lube and a collection of DVDs. We were settling in for the night rather nicely. Brad then arrived with a 3 liter bladder of water, and we were told that we had everything we needed for the evening. All we had to do was sit back and follow the mood.

It was now about 30 minutes since we'd taken the tabs, and I was definitely getting into something. Al was laying with her head on my chest, and smiling to herself. Brad had turned the music up a little, and the bass from the dance music was almost hypnotic. I'd been a little hungry when we'd arrived, but that was long gone, and had been replaced with a feeling of great satisfaction. I just felt...good. I looked at Al again, and was struck by a wave of deep love for her. I couldn't help but stroke her hair gently, and run my fingers across her cheek. Brad and Janet were no different. I thought at the time that I could see their love. It seemed to radiate from them. It was almost like a halo. I truly understood what it was like to be in love. Not only did I love my wife beyond all measure, I thought I could see it.

The four of us stayed this way for what seemed like seconds, but was in reality about 30 minutes or so. We just chatted and cuddled our respective partners. The need to dance was now distant memory, and the deep emotional insight was slowing fading and being replaced by a something as yet undefined. 

It was around then that I began to take real note of what Brad and Janet were wearing. They both had very soft clothes made from very tactile materials. Janet in particular, was wearing a shirt and pants made from something similar to chamois leather or suede. I pointed them out to Al, who disentangled herself from my arms, and began to run her hands over Janet. It was erotic in the truest sense of the word. Conversation had ceased as such, and we were all obsessed with the feel of Janet in her clothes. Within seconds she had six hands caressing her body, her clothes, her hair, her face. She was smiling broadly, and there was no doubt that she was enjoying herself.

Al was laying to Janet's left, and moved closer, brushing her cheek against Janet's still covered breast. The slightest, almost imperceptible moan escaped Janet's lips, and Al moved in a little closer. She moved her head slowly upwards, kissing Janet's chest, shoulder and neck as she made her way towards her lips. And then, in what seemed like slow motion, they were kissing: gently; tenderly; almost motionless. Their lips were touching, but were hardly moving. Brad and I were on either side of the two women, and were both trying to get as close to our respective partners as possible: trying to get as much of our bodies in contact with theirs as we could. All the time, we were caressing them both, and watching intently. All four of us were lost in a world that had been unknown to me until that moment.

As we watched, their lips began to move more urgently. The tenderness and gentility were still there, but they were slowly being augmented with passion and arousal. Al's hand began to feel it's way to Janet's chest, and she was soon massaging her pert nipples through the fabric. Their kissing continued to intensify as Al began to unbutton the shirt: slowly, carefully, making sure to take a moment between each button to gently caress one or other of Janet's breasts. Eventually, the last button was undone, and her shirt fell open to reveal her naked chest. Her nipples were hard and a beautiful pink, atop her B cup breasts. I remember quite clearly thinking that when Al had finished, I was going to spend a some time getting acquainted with them. But for the moment, I was lost in the delicate rapture of two beautiful women doing something that only women can fully appreciate.

Al pulled away gently from Janet's mouth, kissing her lightly as she left, and dropped her head to her left breast, and began to kiss all over with the exception of the nipple. Janet watched intently as Al continued to kiss and lick all over her chest: first one breast, and then the other. She seemed almost mesmerized as my wife moved gently from one side to the other and then back again, with her mouth in permanent contact. And then she snaked her tongue out and licked a nipple. Janet drew a short breath and moaned at the sensation. Her arousal was clear to see. Her neck and the top of her chest were flushed, and her breathing had increased quite markedly. Al drew the nipple in to her mouth and began to suck in earnest, gently biting and tonguing at the same time.
