 Shelly asked me to come home from work early on Friday, so we could hang with her college friend Nancy, who came to town for the long weekend.

When I got here about noon, they were in the kitchen laughing. Shelly handed me a white pill -- from our stash of Ecstasy -- and a glass of water. I took the pill and drank the water, following it some juice. They'd just taken theirs about 20 minutes before, and felt nothing yet.

I changed from work clothes into some cargo shorts and a t-shirt; Shelly was wearing shorts and a tank top and Nancy was wearing running shorts and a runners top over a sports bra. We decided to walk around our neighborhood for a while, and strolled down the hill to the beach.

We sat on the beach and watched the waves come in and soaked in the warmth of the sun. For a while, the breeze kept us cool. But soon we were sweating and giggling a bit and started walking back to the house.

We were all glowing when we got back to the house, and we lay on the upstairs deck in the sun for a while; I achieved lizard consciousness and lost track of place and time and then Shelly decided the sun was too much and we should go crash on our bed.

We lay down and cuddled into each other, feeling the warmth and life of the people we touched. In a few minutes the impulse that the drug gives to be touched led to all of us quickly shedding our shirts. Nancy lay between Shelly and me; I felt more than just the heat of her skin against mine, it felt like I could feel the blood moving through her body under the skin. We pressed close to each other and finally I lay with my arm under her neck and my hand on Shelly's shoulder. We were all warm and slightly damp with sweat from the drug and our walk, and the smell of her unfamiliar skin against mine made me want to burrow closer to her.

I did for a while, then pulled my arm out and raised myself on my elbow and looked at the women.

Shelly was cuddled against Nancy's other side. She had a model's build, tall, incredibly slender, with a flat belly, muscular abs and small very firm breasts topped by shockingly long dark nipples that could be an inch and a half long when erect -- as they were now.

Nancy had a redhead's fine pale skin, with a slender woman's top on top of a larger woman's hips, rear and legs. Her breasts were larger and rounder than Shelly's, and her nipples were aureole-less small hard red buds at their tips.

I lay back down and we all spooned, and ran our hands over each other in a place that was sensual but not really sexual. Or that's how it was at the beginning...but sometime in the next half hour all of us began to suddenly begin moving against each other in a way that morphed from stroking to subtle grinding.

Nancy lifted herself, leaned over and kissed Shelly, and then turned and kissed me open-mouthed, her tongue twisting around mine. I sat up and looked at Shelly, who looked at her and then nodded yes to me. Nancy rose to her knees on the bed, and the three of us pulled down her running shorts.

Her bush was small with short rust red hair, and running the length of her leg was a line of her juice. That's an image that I keep and cherish as one of the most erotic of my life. Just her thigh, her fine red pubic hair, and the trail of her juices running down to her knee.

My erection was suddenly painfully hard. Shelly reached up and ran her fingers through Nancy's juices and licked them as Nancy turned, opened Shelly's pants and pulled down her shorts. Shelly had bushy black public hair, trimmed neatly to fit under bikini bottom, and her labia and clit - always large and prominent -- were bright red and swollen with arousal. Nancy reached down and ran her fingers up Shelly's labia and brought them glistening to her own mouth.

Shelly and I turned to each other and giggled. We turned to Nancy and had The Talk. Neither of us had ever tested positive for an STD -- in spite of some behavior that might not have been the most risk-free. Nancy said she never had either. I did point out that my very randy ex had managed to get herpes after we'd divorced, and Nancy was suddenly concerned. "You're sure?" "Yes, really."

"Well, maybe if you don't come in me..." "Um, OK. That's not really...oh, forget it. Sure." 

Four hands pulled down my shorts and pulled my very hard cock away from my body. Nancy ran her palms up and down my cock and leaned down to take me in her mouth for an instant, just enough to make me arch my back in pleasure. Shelly followed her, and then pulled herself over to me and pressed her body against me and kissed me, her tongue deep in my mouth.

She turned her back to me and pressed her ass to me and then leaned forward and grabbed Nancy and kissed her.

I ran my fingers down her back and around her ass, rubbing them up her soaking labia, and then wasted no time and entered her from behind. Nancy's hand was splayed over Shelly's vagina, and she ran her fingers over our join as I rolled slowly in and out of my wife's pussy. Nancy moved her fingers to her clit and I felt her rolling it in circles as Shelly became more and more excited and pushed into me harder and harder. Shelly's orgasms were led by her pussy muscles swelling and tensing as tension spread through her entire body. At the point her entire body was tensed, when her eyelashes were tense, she would start to shudder and the shaking would translate into that familiar and wonderful rolling clenching movement up and down her pussy I felt just as she moaned "ahh...ahh...ahh" and turned back into me, tilting her head so I could kiss her while Nancy kissed her neck.

I rested for a moment, and then Nancy cupped my balls and slowly rolled them in her hand, running her thumb along the base of my cock where it entered Shelly. I pushed, not intending to, driven by an impulse from my spine triggered by her touch. And suddenly I was rhythmically pushing into Shelly, as she leaned forward, kissing Nancy and running her hands over her breasts. 

Nancy kept moving her fingers over my balls as I kept moving in and out of Shelly's swollen pussy. In a moment, I felt the thickening through the base of my cock that expanded toward the tip and then the warmth in my balls that suddenly rocketed through my cock and out in this wave of feeling into the rest of my body as I lost my breath and at the same time felt myself pumping come into her pussy. Nancy kept her fingers on the base of my cock and exclaimed "Oh, God! I felt you come!!" and started giggling.

All three of us started laughing at that. Nancy sat up over us and made excited gestures to try and describe how she'd felt my balls tighten and cock pulse under her fingers, and her vocal excitement was contagious so soon we all were helplessly laughing. At that point, Shelly and I had had group sex before, but somehow this time -- maybe because of the drug, or just our mood -- or, as I discovered later, because Shelly and Nancy had slept together in college -- the feeling was passionate, and yet light and just purely fun.

And then Nancy lay back down nestled against Shelly kissing and fondling her. She circled my half-erect cock and pulled it out of Shelly's pussy, then leaned down and licked it. I was immediately erect again. 

Shelly lay back and I kissed her as I moved across her onto Nancy. I spread her legs and I moved down between them. She had tiny inner lips and a clit that was bright red, rock hard, and very small. I ran my tongue over it while Shelly kissed her and then moved down to nibble one of her breasts. Nancy was so soaked that I had to swallow to clear the mild musky juice from my mouth, and there was already a puddle of her juice where her ass met the bed. I could see it running down from her pussy when I pulled back and looked at her. I'd never seen anyone so wet.

I moved back up and placed the tip of my cock at her entrance; she bucked her hips up and took me in all the way in one motion; I fell into her so far and fast the head of my cock bumped against her cervix as our public bones met. She was so wet it was almost frictionless as I slid in and out of her and we made liquid smacking sounds. It's hard to explain how good it feels to slide the first time into someone who you've never been with before; I'm told women feel exactly the same thing -- that the sensation of being spread open and entered by a strange cock is exhilarating beyond the pleasure from the fucking itself. I slid into her and felt strange vaginal walls slide up and over my cock, tighter and wetter than my wife's pussy, and with an internal landscape that was completely different. I tried like I always do to remember that moment and memorize how she felt, and sometimes I think I can remember. Telling the story helps.

We both gasped as I bottomed out in her and then pulled back and slid in again.

Shelly leaned on her elbow and watched us for a while as I simply spread Nancy's legs lifted myself onto my elbows, and drove into her. But as Nancy got more and more aroused, Shelly moved in next to us and began kissing one then the other of us and running her hands over Nancy's face and breasts. Suddenly with no buildup I felt the sharp contractions as Nancy came around me. Her contractions were different than Shelly's; they were entirely focused on the middle of her pussy, halfway down my cock, which just strongly clenched and clenched around me as she tilted her head back and thrust her arms out and flattened herself onto the bed. I felt myself beginning to move toward an orgasm, and moved quickly over to push Shelly down and spread her legs and slide into her. I think I started coming at the moment my cock was fully buried in her, and I shuddered over her as the orgasm spread from my core to my cock and then out to my arms and legs and I briefly lost motor control. Nancy ran her hands over my butt, and then reached down between my legs and felt my balls as they rested against Shelly.

I lay atop her as we moved against each other, soaked to the chest with Nancy's and her juices and slippery and warm and completely smelling like sex. Then Nancy pulled us to her and began kissing both of us, and I rolled off Shelly and let Nancy rub against her. Shelly wound up on top, running her immense brown nipples over Nancy's tiny red ones as she slid her belly back and forth until Nancy began to rock her hips into her. Shelly reached down and started fingering her, bringing Nancy to a point where she turned her face up and just could do nothing but breathe. I thought about moving behind them, but Shelly pushed me away and I wasn't really hard, so I decided to just watch for a bit and rest. She turned herself around to a sixty-nine position and opened Nancy's legs so she could lick her pussy. Nancy pulled Shelly's ass to her and leaned her head up and began licking at her clit. I was stupefied with lust and watched as Nancy came again and then fell back onto her pillow. Shelly pushed her ass down toward Nancy's face, but Nancy wasn't responding.

I pulled Shelly around so she faced the same way as Nancy, and lay her on top. Then I moved her knees so they were wrapped around Nancy's hips, while opening Nancy's legs; their pubic mounds were pressed against each other as I kneeled in back of them and entered Nancy with my half-hard cock. I stroked in and out of her, getting harder with each stroke, then pulled out and slid up and entered Shelly. I don't know how long I did this; it was just bliss as I fucked two pussies changing from one stroke to the next, until suddenly I began to feel my cock fill again and began to come into Shelly. I was so aroused that I lost conscious control of my body as I came. I lay on top of them trying to get air into my lungs then Nancy pushed out from the bottom -- our combined weight was too much. I fell to the side, bringing Shelly with me and slipping out of her, and Nancy kissed her breasts and then down the hollow running down the middle of her belly to her pussy. She buried herself in it and I heard moaning and slurping then ran my free hand over Shelly's pointed breasts until I felt her tensing against me and then shuddering as she grunted and came.

Nancy came up, her face soaking wet, and licked her lips. "I tasted both of you," she said as she came up and kissed Shelly. I licked her face, and tasted Shelly's juices.

We all collapsed back on the bed, and decided to take a shower and cool off and clean up. It felt wonderful to get the sweat and juices off of us, and we each spent some time paying special attention to soaping each other carefully. Shelly soaped my cock and balls and felt a bit of residual stiffness. She rinsed me and knelt down and took me in her mouth. Then Nancy did, and sooner than I expected, I was erect again.

We quickly toweled off and went back to bed...we started with Nancy licking Shelly, her ass in the air as I entered her from behind. Then we switched, with Shelly licking Nancy while I fucked her. I started to get more and more aroused, and Nancy said she wanted to watch me fuck Shelly and come in her. So Shelly straddled me while Nancy knelt at the corner of the bed, and we fucked slowly at first and then more and more fiercely until I was slamming into her swollen lips and then holding her up on my arched back as I got more and more excited, wondering what would happen if I came -- was there anything left in my balls to push out? And then I came into her. It stung and felt amazing at the same time.

We looked up and watched as Nancy knelt on one hand and her knees, her other hand between her legs making wet pocking sounds as she rubbed herself. Her breath began to shorten and her chest got redder and suddenly her hips were rolling into her hand and she was making an agonized but pleasured sound.

I reached down and pulled her to us. I was still in Shelly, softening after my orgasm, and Nancy was leaning against us, each of us lost in the feeling of the other bodies and the draining away of consciousness after an orgasm.

We lay still for some time, the afternoon sun lowering in the sky, and the air beginning to cool.

Shelly shifted half off of me and Nancy shifted half onto me, so we made a neat little triangular prism of our bodies. We had our arms around each other and each of us had our head in the hollow of someone's neck. "I could get used to this," I thought.

Shelly began to giggle. "What?" I asked, "you OK?" "Better, much better then OK," she replied. She lifted her head and asked "So what does it feel like for you?"

"What do you mean?"

"What do we feel like when you fuck us?"

"Different."

"Different how?"

"Well..." I looked for words. I slipped out and went to the bathroom, and brought back two hand mirrors. 

"Sit back on the bed and I'll try and talk about it."

Instead, they sat facing each other, legs apart. I gave each of them a mirror and asked them to look at the other's pussy and then their own. Nancy reached down with a finger and scooped up a droplet of my come from the bottom edge of Shelly's pussy and ostentatiously licked her finger clean. Shelly looked at the mirror and then at Nancy's pussy.

The two pussies couldn't have been more different. Nancy had just a little hair on the sides and a thin small bush of soft red hair above large outer lips and almost invisible inner ones. Shelly had a thick black bush that had been trimmed so it barely extended down the sides of her pussy, and out of it projected her clit -- well over half inch long when aroused -- and her large red inner lips.

I tried to explain. 

"Shelly's juices are more viscous, so there's more friction. Her pussy gets tight as she gets aroused, and when she comes, it rolls down her pussy from back to front."

Nancy reached down and ran her finger around Shelly's lips and then back and around her own.

"Nancy's pussy is physically tighter, and shorter -- so I bump into her cervix more easily. But she's so wet and her juices so thin that it feels almost frictionless. When she comes it's all about the middle of her pussy -- it spasms and clenches as she comes."

Shelly took two fingers and reached into Nancy's pussy, pushing deep, looking for her cervix. From the look on Nancy's face, she'd reached it. Nancy reached out and took Shelly's clit between two fingers, gently rolling it and then rubbing it as Shelly gasped. Both of them had labia that were red, soaking, distended -- they had been aroused for so long that it must have almost hurt. 

That's how I felt, anyway.

They each pulled the other to them and suddenly were holding each other, kissing, and rubbing each other with one hand. Shelly began to redden and her breath began to come more sharply until she grunted once hard and then began to keen...a high-pitched moan that rose and fell in volume as she shoved her hips against Nancy's hand. They lay against each other for a moment, and then I leaned in and held them both.

An inquisitive hand reached out for my cock, and began to slowly rub it.

Nancy pushed me back and then leaned down to take me in her mouth. Shelly took a breath, and then joined her. Two sets of lips and tongues soon had me hard again -- a kind of dull-feeling leaden erection that felt more like a baton than a hard cock.

Shelly slowly moved her mouth up and down me as Nancy slowly licked the base of my shaft and my balls.

Shelly sat up with a twinkle in her eye -- where she got the energy, I have no idea. She positioned us so that Nancy had her back to me and we were spooned on our side on the bed. I slipped my cock between her ass cheeks and up into her pussy, as Shelly knelt down and began to lick her clit and the line where we joined. 

I didn't move much -- I just pressed myself fully into Nancy and let Shelly lick her into a frenzy. Which got strong enough that she was moving, jerking actually back against me and then out and then pushing back and down hard enough that I almost felt like she was going to break my cock off. I reached down with my left hand and ran it between her cheeks. She was soaking wet there, and when I found the little mound of her asshole, it was so slippery that my finger just fell into it. I felt the muscle tense and then jerk and clench in time to the feeling I had of her pussy clenching around me.

She made an agonized sound that would have frightened me if I didn't know exactly how she felt, tensed, and then collapsed against me completely limp.

I propped myself up on my elbow as Shelly came up and held her face in her hands and kissed her. 

"Are you OK?" she asked Nancy.

"ooooohhhhh yes," came the weak reply.

I pulled out of her, erect and glistening, and looked at Shelly. She smiled and wagged her finger 'come-here.'

In a repeat of the beginning of all this, I crawled across Nancy and onto Shelly who lay on her back with her legs splayed as wide as they would go. I ran my closed hand over the surface of her vulva, and brought it up soaking to rub across her mouth. She flicked her tongue and licked it and I drove myself into her. 

It was a desperate effort to make myself come and climb off the plateau of arousal I'd been trapped on for an afternoon. I made myself think of the images of the day -- of the juices trickling down Nancy's leg, of the red pearl of her clit and the obvious flow of juices out of the small pussy behind it. Of my wife with her face buried in red pubic hair, or of my wife's wide labia being licked by Nancy's sharp tongue. I thought of the excitement on Nancy's face as we pulled down her shorts, and of the way Shelly's face had gone slack after Nancy had fingered her to an orgasm. I imagined what she had seen licking Nancy and I as we fucked, of the muscles around Nancy's pussy rippling around my cock and balls as she came. And I thought of Nancy excitedly saying "I felt you come!" and suddenly, with no premonition, I was coming into my wife's swollen pussy, my own cock sore and feeling as though I was pushing my soul from my heart into my wife one drop of come at a time. I collapsed on her and she held me, both of us sweating and covered in sex yet again.
