 This situation happened three weeks after our previous experience with Joel that you may want to check out first... MMF Massage with Girlfriend 01 which I wrote under FunkyR. We took drugs (ecstasy and MDMA) in the situation below, so please don't read on if that offends. I planned to write a follow up way before now, but life got in the way and this has turned out to be quite long as it's amazing the amount of details you recall when you write or type something up! Apologies that I'm not an amazing wordsmith, so this might seem quite raw compared to many of the articles on here. Some of this I remember word for word and blow for blow, whilst other parts are a bit of a blur so I've had to ad lib a bit, some of the sex may be a bit muddled up, but not much gap filling, in essence this is what happened...

The week after our first time with Joel our sex life was electric, we fucked every night and Michelle was even hornier than usual and her pussy was soaking wet each time we had sex. We fantasised more about a threesome with another guy, but for now kept it between us, in our bed.

Our friends Alex and his new girlfriend Hannah invited us out clubbing to our best local club where we always had a great night. Joel was due to be there, as well another couple. Michelle was nervous about seeing him again as she wondered what he may think of her as we hadn't made any contact since we saw each other last apart from a quick text. So, the day before, I sent Joel another text saying that we were looking forward to seeing him, he sent one back saying that he was looking forward to seeing us too.

When the night came, we were horny before we went out as we knew we would have a really dirty drug fuelled sex session when we got back as we always did on these occasions. Michelle gave my cock a quick suck to wind me up, but said I had to wait until later to touch her pussy. She looked great as we left the house in a very short red dress with cut out sides, underneath she had on a little red thong and no bra. She didn't look slutty, jut sexy. She was quite nervous because of the Joel situation, although I told her it would be fine which I was sure it would. We took some ecstasy with us and had some MDMA powder at home for afterwards. I was looking forward to a good night out but was looking forward to fucking her later more.

We all met in a cool bar near the club. When we arrived Alex, Hannah and Joel were there already, Alex told us that his other friends couldn't make it. We got some drinks and sat down with the others and in no time, Michelle seemed fine and was chatting away with Joel as well as Alex and Hannah. We had two or three drinks there and then headed into the club. When we got in it was starting to fill up and the music and atmosphere were great. We stood around chatting and drinking and then after about half an hour we all popped a pill and switched to water.

Within about 30-40 minutes I was starting to come up on my pill, as was everyone else. It was great, a clean rush of energy, a strong euphoric feeling, followed by an extreme need to dance. They also made us feel quite lovey and smiley which meant lots of hugs, celebrating life between us! We felt great and danced our pills in, enjoying the night. Michelle looked so sexy in her red dress, throwing her hands up in the air to the music. I noticed Joel check her out a couple of times, he gave me a cheeky smile and nod of approval when he saw that I noticed him having a good look. I've always liked guys checking out Michelle, even now I have no problem with it.

About an hour later Alex told us that Hannah wasn't feeling well as she had just got over a chest infection and had maybe pushed it too soon, so they were going home. Of course, we were all upset that they were leaving, although I felt that if they went Michelle, Joel and I would probably have more of a laugh together as Hannah didn't seem on the same level as the rest of us, now we knew why.

We carried on dancing and joking about and I noticed that Joel was getting quite flirty with Michelle and Michelle was flirting back a little and being quite tactile by putting her arm around him every time he spoke to her. At that point I imagined something may happen between us which turned me on, and I felt my cock tingling in my jeans. My thoughts were drifting towards picturing Michelle wanking off Joel the other weekend whilst getting lost in the music and the high.

We took another E and at that point seemed to really connect, I felt really in tune with Joel as I did with Michelle, and I could tell that they felt the same. It's hard to explain the feeling, it's an ecstasy thing, I suppose we were all very much on the same vibe and feeling pretty amazing.

This time when I came up on my E, it was a slower feeling but quite intense with the urge to put my arms around Michelle and Joel, and a feeling of love and togetherness. It all sounds so corny when you recall it but if ever you've taken E, Molly, XTC or whatever you want to call it, you'll know what I mean. We moved with the music at a different pace and I held Michelle really close, and I put my arms around her waist with my hands on her bum, laughing as we swung around. I gave her a small peck on the lips but didn't really feel the urge to kiss her properly right then and could sense she felt the same. I gave Joel a big friendly hug as we enjoyed the euphoria, it wasn't a sexual thing just comradery of our closeness in the moment.

We broke away and carried on dancing but remaining very tactile. Michelle was dancing quite slowly, closing her eyes and throwing her head back whilst gyrating her hips with a very satisfied smile on her face. She kept stretching her arms above her head pushing her breasts out and looked quite wasted, but in a good way, and off the Richter scale sexy. I wondered what she was thinking but didn't approach her as I didn't want her to stop what she was doing or interfere with what she was feeling. Joel's eyes were glued to her and I saw a couple of other guys checking her out. A girl came up to me and asked me what she'd taken as she wanted to feel like her!

As we danced, I told Joel that Michelle was nervous about seeing him because of what happened between us. He said that he was totally cool about it and that he had a great time. He said that he thought Michelle was an awesome girl and wished that more girls were like her. He said that I was a really lucky guy and thought we made a great couple.

Michelle continued with her sexy dancing and I could truly see that she was in ecstasy and really wondered where her mind was running away to if anywhere. Joel and I carried on watching her dance while we danced, and my thoughts were fantasising about the three of us. I really hoped that Michelle and Joel would be up for some fun together. I didn't want to encourage Joel on or invite him back unless I knew Michelle was 100% cool. Then, I also thought that in reality, perhaps nothing would happen, but Michelle and I would end up have great sex anyway. Whatever I was having a great night.

Eventually Michelle came out of her dance trance, gave me a huge sexy smile, grabbed my hips and pushed her body against mine whilst we danced. I took hold of her and asked her how she was feeling and she said that she felt absolutely amazing and gave me a deep and very sensual kiss, I could tell that she was very horny as her body was so hot, in a different way from just the effect of drugs and dancing. I turned around to Joel and he was smiling at me and shaking his head and said, "your girlfriend is so fucking hot".

Michelle heard him and gave me quite a dirty smile. She let go of me, put her hands around Joel and started dancing with him in the same sexy way whilst smiling and staring intensely into his eyes like she wanted to kiss him. He put his hands around her waist and pulled her in close and with a big smile on his face and asked, "is this cool?"

I took Joel's hands and lowered them onto Michelle's arse and said to her, "kiss him like you just kissed me." The ecstasy was definitely playing a part in all this!

They moved their lips together and had a really long intense kiss. My cock was rock hard in my jeans and I thought that Joel's must be the same. I could see that Michelle was pressing herself hard against him and pulling him towards her. I thought that she must be enjoying rubbing her pelvic bone against his cock. Joel was grabbing Michelle's arse really tight and pulling her in closer while they kissed. I caught some guy's eye and he nodded at me and said, "I reckon you'll all be having a good time later."

I smiled and said, "I definitely hope so."

He said, "she's fucking gorgeous, room for any more?"

I said, "not this time" and laughed.

I thought that quite a few people probably saw Michelle kiss both of us, but I was off my head, so didn't care. I was focussed on what might be to come later.

Michelle and Joel gently pulled away from each other and Michelle came up to me and asked, "did you enjoy that?"

I said, "that was so fucking hot and I think that my cocks going to explode in my pants."

She said, "my knickers are soaked."

I asked Michelle is she wanted to invite Joel back to ours. She said that she did, but she didn't want to leave yet as she was really enjoying herself.

We danced for a little while more and then Michelle suggested that we sit down for a bit. We left the dancefloor, picked up some fresh waters from the bar and found a spot to sit. It was the time of the night when everyone needed a bit of a recharge, so we ended up sitting on the floor. Michelle lent her back against me and put her legs on Joel's lap. His hands naturally went to her legs and he was gently stroking them. Michelle put her head back on me, obviously enjoying it, I think she was relaxed more than horny. Joel and I mainly chatted, and then after about 20 minutes we hit the dancefloor again.

We danced a bit faster in time with the music as our ecstasy reached a different stage and all seemed cleaner. I felt a bit straighter but still very high and was really enjoying the music, I could see that Michelle and Joel were too. After a good long dance, I asked Michelle what she wanted to do after, and she quite assumptively said that she thought we were all going back to ours. She looked like she was ready to go, so I asked her if she wanted to and she did. I asked Joel if he wanted to come back to ours and told him that we had some MDMA and we could have a bit of a party. I'm sure that he was hoping what I was hoping, and I thought that there's a fair chance it might. So, we left the club around 2.30.

I felt full of energy and still on a high as we all walked down the street arm in arm with Michelle in the middle of Joel and me. We caught a cab and all sat in the back for the short ride home.

When we got in, I put on some dance music, I went for some Ibiza summer style music which was a bit lighter than what we were listening to in the club. Michelle went upstairs and I followed her to get our MDMA powder, I told Joel to make himself at home and chill while we got ourselves sorted. Michelle was very giggly and said that she needed to change as she was all sweaty and really needed to change her knickers. She knew how much I liked it when she got an extremely wet pussy when we she took drugs. I asked to see, so she hitched her dress up and pulled her knickers down, she was absolutely soaked, almost dripping in fact. I asked her to lay on the bed so I could lick her clean. She was kind of in the mood, and said for me to do it quickly as she was aware Joel was downstairs on his own. She laid back and I opened her legs and I gave her messy pussy a very satisfying licking until I cleaned up her juices. Then I picked up her knickers and licked them too, she tasted delicious and I was very hard and extremely turned on.

I asked Michelle if she had a good time in the club. She said that she had an amazing time, I didn't want to go on about what happened. I was trying to be cool, but really, I desperately wanted to see her and Joel fuck more than anything, which sent my stomach in knots. She grabbed some clothes and went off to the bathroom while I joined Joel downstairs. We were discussing how fantastic and wasted we felt when Michelle came down and asked if we wanted some drinks. She had obviously freshened up and made some effort. She was wearing a dark grey, short, loose cotton dress that she sometimes wore around the house which she knew I found sexy. Her feet were bare, and I wondered if she was wearing any underwear. She had brushed her hair and smelt as if she had washed and cleaned her teeth. I was aware that we were probably a little sweaty and no way near as fresh as her. She looked hammered still, but very smiley and walked to the kitchen quite delicately.

When she came back in, she sat in between Joel and I on the sofa and organised some lines of MDMA. We each had one and chatted for a bit. There was a sexual tension in the room for sure, and it was obvious that Joel and Michelle were very attracted to each other. Michelle leaned into me and I put my arm around her waist, I was stroking her stomach through her dress and could tell that she was horny. She was smiling and half closed her eyes as she gently rubbed her feet against Joel's legs. I felt very tingly and could sense my body starting to rush from the MDMA. Michelle gave a little groan of satisfaction as I increased the area that I was rubbing. I could feel her breathing increase as she lay a little further down me and stretched her legs over Joel's and gently ran her foot up and down his leg. I started caressing her breast as Joel was casually stroking her leg. Her dress had ridden up a bit and I wasn't sure what he could see.

The effect of the MDMA was getting very strong and were all very much sharing the same feeling. I had huge rush running through my body and I felt so euphoric. I noticed my eyes lids start to flutter as my breathing became slower and heavier. The sensation was absolutely incredible, I remember as I was holding Michelle, watching Joel caress her legs as she stroked them across him, that I'd quite happily stay in that situation forever. I felt totally bliss and extremely horny, although so content that I didn't want to change what we were doing. Joel was stretched out with his head slung back, looking like I was feeling, Michelle was trembling just a little as she breathed.

As the feeling calmed, Michele said that she had to dance, then carefully herself peeled away from us. She stumbled a little as she stood up and I had to lean forward to steady her. She insisted that she was okay and slowly started to move with the music. She looked so unbelievably sexy as she danced just a couple of steps away from us. The shape of her breasts were clear to see through the thin fabric of her dress. I could see her panty line, so I knew that she was wearing actually knickers. She didn't quite have the energy to throw her hands up in the air anymore and instead very slowly swung her body in long flowing movements. Joel and I were mummering things like "fucking hell" and "wow," and passed comments about how great we were feeling and how amazing Michelle looked as she danced in front of us. She responded by slowly moving her hands over her body and was obviously getting turned on by our reaction to her. Whilst she danced, I was enjoying sitting back and admiring her so much, feeling really high and fucking horny. I really wanted to stroke my cock through my jeans but managed to resist. There was such a feeling of sexiness in the room and it seemed more and more likely that we were all going to get it on.

I held out my hand to her and gently pulled her towards me. She gave me a really cheeky smile and her eyes brightened as she stepped over to me and lowered herself onto my lap with a leg either side of mine, facing me. She held my head with both of her hands and seductively rubbed my face while staring into my eyes. She opened her lips and gave me one of the deepest, hornist kisses ever. I ran my hands up and down her body inside her dress and stroked her back as we kissed and she pushed her crotch into my lap. I moved my hands around to her front and felt her tits, then she pressed herself against me and kissed me hard and intensely, pushing her tongue into my mouth. She then pulled away and leaned into Joel and kissed him passionately, running her fingers through his hair and over his shoulders up to his face. Joel was quietly moaning and sank further into the sofa. She then slowly kissed up and down the side of his neck, then gently biting his bottom lip before she pulled away. I didn't feel at all jealous, just very turned on.

When she stopped, I stroked her body and then I pulled her dress up, she raised her arms as I took it off. She then kissed me again, stood back up and started dancing again, now in just her knickers. She looked incredible and so sexy as she ran her hands over her body while she danced. She was loving it and looked so confident, knowing that we were so very turned on for her. Joel and I glanced at each other, both probably looking quite smashed and blown away, anticipating what might happen next. I felt it was for Michelle to control the pace and how far she wanted to go, so we both just went with the flow, and a good flow it was.

Michelle looked incredible dancing in front of us in just her white low-rise lace boy shorts. She turned around leaving us both glued to her lovely arse. My mind was racing with what I wanted to do to her and what I wanted to see her and Joel do. When she turned back around I told her to take her knickers off and she straight away pulled them down and stepped out of them. I could see that her pussy was very wet again. She ran two of fingers over it and then seductively licked them and leant in towards me and gave me a quick kiss so I could taste her juices. Joel and I were "wowing" and "fucking helling" again, and he was telling me how amazing Michelle was. I felt so turned on whilst she danced naked in front of Joel and me, not afraid to show her naked body to another guy. She spun around a few times so we could see her cute bare bum, which is probably my favourite part of her body. I told her how much I loved her arse and she started slowly running her hands all over it, then slightly pulled her bum cheeks apart, so we could glimpse her sexy little arsehole.

I pulled her towards me again, she smiled and said, "if you're both going to fuck my pussy tonight, you're going to have to get you cocks out".

I said, "I might even fuck your cute little arse too".

She replied, "mmm, I'd like that" and gave me another very cheeky smile.

I was at that point, about the most turned on I could be. Joel and I pulled down our jeans and both of our cocks stood absolutely rock hard. Drugs can make you really hard, or unable to get a hard on at all, we were both absolutely hard.

She carried on dancing and said, "wank while you watch me".

We laid back, I felt almost in a trance stroking my cock up and down as I watched her move. I looked over at Joel and watched him slowly wanking to my naked girlfriend, thinking that he's going to stick that inside her tonight.

She moved over to me and carefully dropped to her knees, taking hold of my cock and slowly licked it up and down and then kissed the end. She put her mouth over it but didn't close it, I could feel her breath, whilst she just played her tongue around me. She then dropped her head into one long slow suck and then pulled away leaving me in an absolute intense state of arousal. She then moved over to Joel and took hold of his cock and licked it up and down, licking a little pre cum from his tip and looked up to him and smiled. She then sucked him up and down 5 or 6 times, then pulled away. She then returned to me and looked me in deeply in the eyes as she took hold of my cock again. She kissed it and then gave it 3 long, slow, deep sucks.
