 It was the beginning of summer and I had just graduated from high school... 18 was a great age of freedom. Instead of the normal two weeks in Mexico with my senior class, I opted for a four day trip with a girlfriend of mine to San Francisco. Little did I know when I set out on my trip that this would bring about a sexual awakening no one could have anticipated...

About four hours into our six and a half hour journey, Melanie received a call from her long-time fling Adam, whom she hadn't seen for months. How coincidental that he told us he'd be staying with his friend in San Fran the same week we would be there. "Oh damn Jess, this guy is so hot... I can't wait to fuck him again" Melanie said to me. So with anticipation for my friend and her hot guy, I stepped on the gas and we arrived at our destination in no time.

Since Adam wouldn't arrive until the following morning, we decided to go out to a club an dance with some hot guys... damn did we get down that night! We were so seductive as we were grinding on the dance floor, caressing each other, rubbing our tits against each other's... just to get some attention of course; neither of us had eyes for women. Guys were all around us, trying to get a taste of our rhythm. After teasing a few of the guys with some lustful kisses, we left the club and the guys and walked out into the cool San Francisco night, all hot, sweaty, and wanting to fuck a hard cock. We went to sleep that night unsatisfied. 

The next day we went shopping, and met Adam at an upscale Japanese restaurant for a late dinner- it was 10 o'clock at night. We ordered a bottle of wine, ate our dinner and had a hilarious conversation... I was totally enamored with Mel's hot guy. After most of the bottle was gone, mostly from Melanie and I, we were feeling pretty buzzed. Adam and Melanie were stealing quick kisses all night, more and more with each sip of wine... then Adam put his hand on my thigh and moved it up.. up.. up... and then down. With the alcohol in my system, just that slight touch turned me on, and I started to crave his touch again, even though he and my friend were bed buddies. We decided to head back to our suite at the hotel and continue drinking. 

When we arrived at the suite, rather than drink, Melanie asked if we'd try something different. "Let's try this ecstasy..." she asked. I, having never done drugs of any kind, was not thrilled at the idea... I was in fact, a little scared. Adam and Mel assured me that it would be ok, they had both done it before, and so had most of my other friends. I was hesitant, but then Adam said "Jessica, 18 is all about freedom, and you're free to experiment". This made sense to me, and I decided to try it. And experiment I did...

As it started to hit me, Adam massaged me, and it felt amazing. My senses were heightened and every touch was simply incredible. Melanie came to me and hugged me... told me I was her best friend and that she wouldn't want to share this experience with any girl but me. Then Adam moved me toward her and we kissed a long, wet, passionate kiss. She tasted so good, and it tasted even better when Adam joined in for my first three way kiss. Melanie stripped off her clothes and her body was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen, and when I touched her, it was the most beautiful thing I ever felt. She and Adam began to undress me, and Mel whispered "I want to share him with you". We'd been friends for 16 years, and shared everything else, why not this gorgeous guy as well? 

They touched me all over and devoured every inch of me with their hands and mouths. Adam kissed my neck and my back from behind me and Melanie glided her hands across my breasts and my stomach, down to my clit. She rubbed it for a second, then thrust her hands inside of me and fingered me til I came all over her hand. Adam kneeled down to kiss her and licked my cum off of her hands then kissed me and led me to the bed. He laid me down and started sucking on my nipples, then he bit down and waves of pleasure shot through my body where pain should have been... but everything felt good on this drug... everything. He fingered me relentlessly, adding finger after finger until he was practically fisting me, as Melanie came down on top of my face, wanting me to lick her wet, glistening pussy... and I did. I sucked on her clit and fingered her til she came all over my face, and when she did, she and Adam were kissing me again. 

Breathlessly I sat up and asked for water. When Adam went up to the kitchen to get some, Mel stopped him in the luxurious dining room of the suite and started vigorously sucking his long, thick, and hard cock. I got up and watched in the doorway as I rubbed my clit, totally turned on by the dick I saw in Mel's mouth. Suddenly Mel stopped, I guess the soft moans I made caught her attention. She turned to me with a playful and lustful look and said "You have to taste this". I knelt down and took the entire length of his dick into my mouth and sucked and sucked until he couldn't handle anymore. He bent down and picked me up, carried me to the bed, and spoke softly into my ear that he was gonna fuck me like I'd never been fucked before. And he did.

As he fucked me doggie style for what seemed like 100 years of bliss, I ate my best friend's pussy like we'd been lovers for years. With every thrust Adam made into my wet cunt, I licked harder and harder on Melanie's clit. Then Mel turned around and while Adam fucked me, Mel and I were in 69 position, and she licked my clit with the same intensity that I licked hers. And like a domino effect, I made Melanie orgasm, she and Adam made me orgasm the best orgasm of my life, and as I brought Adam to the brink he pulled out and came right into Mel's mouth. 

I was ecstatic. We collapsed into the bed, under the covers, and Mel and I kissed each other as Adam held us in his perfectly sculpted arms. As the drug wore off, and I drifted off to sleep, I relived this perfect sexual encounter over and over again in my dreams.

At the end of each dream however, one thought lingered in my mind... "Hey, I never got my water."