 Okay, I admit it...I am a geek and maybe even a nerd depending on your definition. That's why I don't understand why I ventured into a land of erotic fantasy a few short weeks ago, and why I can't get it out of my head! The memories of that night are still invading my sleep, and when I now make love to my wife of 5 years, it seems that when I close my eyes SHE is there and not Deb. Before I go completely crazy and incoherent, I better go back to the beginning and explain the events of the week leading up to the night of my life.

Deb and I met in college and got married the year I graduated...she still had a year to go. She is a brunette with a to-kill-for body and our sex life has always been good, although it seems we have recently fallen into a pattern of love making that doesn't have much variety. I tell you all this so you might understand why the events which follow might have occurred.

A big computer industry conference called the SEDE was scheduled in Las Vegas in June and I was selected by my boss to attend. With the economy being slow, I was to go alone to keep expenditures at a minimum. I would have taken Deb at our own expense, but she could not get away from her office. Check-in at the Imperial Palace Hotel was scheduled to begin on Sunday at noon, and the first session started at 10 AM on Monday. I scheduled myself to fly out late Saturday morning so I could relax for a full day and night. That may be when I made my first mistake.

The alarm went off at 7 AM that Saturday, and I arose to put on a pot of coffee and then went into the bathroom to shave. Just as I was about to finish, Deb came in and started the water for a shower. There are times it seems when Deb would rather shower alone and enjoy the warm water cascading over her lovely body, but I sensed this was not one of those times. 

I should explain she keeps herself slim and trim, and has always had large breasts and a nicely rounded ass. With my encouragement a couple of years ago, she had the pubic hair removed above and to the side of her mons by laser treatment. She completes the Brazilian cut herself, although I have on occasion volunteered to perform this delicate chore as part of a foreplay ritual. It took a couple of times before she completely trusted me to wield a sharp razor in such a delicate area, and I didn't blame her. I like to use an unscented cream to shave her so I can take in the full aroma of her genitals as I get very close to my work. I have been tempted to use whipped cream so I could lick her labia clean when I finish but she has nixed that idea so far.

The water was nice and warm as I stepped in with Deb...as usual she had the spray hotter than I like, and I couldn't help but think briefly about the wasted energy being consumed. That thought quickly dissipated as I moved in behind her and wrapped my arms around her, keeping my hands just below the slight sag of her breasts, pushing up a little to support them. My groin pushed into her rear with my awakening penis planted into her butt cheeks. 

"Good morning, big boy...got a problem?" She felt my rod grow as I rubbed it up and down her smooth ass cleavage while I nibbled on her neck. "Does Mr. Stiffy want some personal attention?"

Her name for my member varied from day to day, but just the fact she called attention to it made me even harder. She reached behind her with one hand and gave my swelling penis a gentle squeeze. "O my God, that feels good," I moaned appreciatively. "I think he is a little dirty and could stand to be stroked clean with lots of soap."

This request was another of our little rituals, one that needed no persuasion by either of us. I moved backwards to the other shower head and let the water bathe me with warmth. Deb took the bar of Dove and lathered up her hands, approached me lovingly, and proceeded to slide all three up and down my engorged penis. There are times in the shower when she strokes me until I cum, and other times she stops before the eruption, expecting to quickly dry off and jump into bed for continued love making. This usually ends in an orgasm for both of us, though not always as I reach my climax sooner than she does. Deb does not seem to fully enjoy a soapy genital massage as I do, and I've never quite figured out why.

When I told her to slow her stokes down so I could enjoy the feeling longer, Deb let go of me, turned me around and let the water rinse off the soap. After a few seconds, she added something new to her shower repertoire by turning me once again to face her, dropped to her knees, and took my hard dick fully in her mouth. "Stiffy" is of average size, so she can deep throat me now without much problem. She did have to tame her gag reflex early in our courtship, and I suppose that was one of many things that endeared her to me and led to our marriage.

To my chagrin, Deb pulled away from me before I came (she almost always swallows my donation and seems to enjoy the taste), looked at me and said, "I want you to remember this while you're gone. I'll finish the job when you return from Vegas."

As it turned out, that might have been exactly the wrong thing for her to do.

After getting dressed, eating a light breakfast, and finishing packing Deb drove me to the airport for my flight. The flight was uneventful, and I caught the hotel limo without a problem. I took notice of one of the other travelers in the limo, a woman who looked like she was in her late 30's, had long blonde hair, and was dressed almost like a showgirl. Her top was low cut and fit tightly around her bosom, and her skirt was pleated, loose, and very short. She sat opposite of me in the facing seat, and I could hardly keep my eyes from wandering to her slightly exposed crotch. I did notice a hint of material that should be panties, but I also convinced myself I saw a bit of a pussy slit. I could feel my face warm with embarrassment, and when I looked away and glanced at her face, I detected a slight smile and the rise of one eyebrow. She seemed to enjoy seeing me squirm which only prompted her to spread her knees even more. I moved my gaze back to her parted legs, and now I was sure more than ever she was wearing crotchless pink panties! I could not even get myself to start a friendly conversation with her, and was beginning to wonder how I was going to exit the limo without revealing the excitement rising in my own crotch.

We finally arrived at the Imperial Palace and the driver opened the side door so we could exit. My face was bathed in sweat by this time, and probably not from the 90 degree temperature outside. I motioned for my brazen companion to go first, and as she did, she hiked up her skirt and spread her legs so wide I could almost smell her sex from where I sat. With a big grin she lifted my chin up so I was looking her in the eyes and said, "You're kind of cute. I hope we can see more of each other later."

That nearly took my breath away and I was gasping for air as I stepped out myself and directed the valet to gather up my luggage from the rear of the limo. If I were to see "more" of her, she'd have to be almost completely naked! I've not had the opportunity to see a flash like that often in the past, but when it does happen, it is exciting and remains in my brain as a fantasy for a long time. Little did I know this was only the beginning.

I quickly registered at the front desk, got my key, and followed the valet up to my room on the 8th floor. As we waited for the elevator to arrive, I noticed the mysterious lady enter another elevator which left little doubt that she was staying at this same hotel. I pinched myself to get me back to reality as the elevator doors in front of us opened. After getting to my assigned room and handing the valet a $5 tip, I took off all my clothes and flopped down on the bed.

My dick was still swollen and sensitive from the recent limo ride, and as I pulled and squeezed the shaft away from my body, I saw a large drop of pre cum form at the opening. I do enjoy masturbating at times, and started to slowly pump 'stiffy' with pleasure, alternating with a few shakes until I was rock hard. With my eyes closed, I could again see those nether lips surrounded by a silky pink material. I brought myself near to orgasm a few time before deciding to stop and get a cool shower...maybe that would help clear my head. It was almost 4 in the afternoon, and I knew I had to be down in the lobby before long to register for the conference.

After drying off and putting on what I considered sharp but casual cotton shirt and tailored trousers, I went down to the lobby and asked for directions to the conference sign-in desk. Being a large Vegas hotel, finding my goal was not as easy as it first sounded, but I passed the time by admiring the plethora of female flesh dressed in various designs of light weight summer dresses, revealing tops, and high heel shoes. Those heels might not be comfortable to wear, but they do wonders to a woman's legs and the sway of her bottom as she gracefully walks.

Just before I got to the registration table, I felt a hand softly touch my right shoulder and a somewhat recognizable voice announce, "Hey, good lookin', it's me again...Sally, remember...the limo ride?" I turned around and immediately recognized that angelic face that had been so indelibly burnt into my brain. (Actually it might have been easier to recall her if her dress been hiked up!) With her heels on, Sally, as I just learned, was about an inch taller than me.

"Oh yeah, I sure do remember you...how could I forget?" I responded with my heart seemingly in my throat. "It's nice to see you again. Are you attending the SEDE conference also?" I was trying like hell to act normal, but I think my knees were starting to shake.

Sally replied with a big smile, "I sure am! Isn't that just a great big coincidence?" She followed that up with a quick question, "Now that you know my name, aren't you going to tell me yours?"

"My name is Dale Butkus, just like the old football player, "I said, not sure whether or not she would recognize the name. "I'm here by myself to learn something, and maybe have a good time along the way." I think I threw in the words "by myself" so she would know I wasn't traveling with another woman, but I'm not sure because I'm normally not that forward.

"Great! I'm here on my own also and didn't know a single person, at least not until now." As if just making small talk, Sally threw in "Maybe we can be fun buddies for the duration?" 

"Sure!" I agreed, not really knowing whether I heard her say "fun buddies" or a more provocative "fuck buddies". Either way, it was okay with me.

With enthusiasm she continued, "What do you say after we register we find a bar and have a drink or two and get better acquainted? I know sometimes I can be a handful and a show off, but I guess you know that already."

Pretending not to know what she was alluding to, I replied, "You're on. It will be nice to talk to someone, and may I say, you are not hard on the eyes."

"Well if that's the case, what am I hard on?" She smiled and winked as she had done in the limo. Seeing my discomfort, she added, "You don't need to answer that...I have a pretty good idea. Now let's sign in, get our handouts, find that bar and get a cool one. I'm getting hotter by the minute!" She glanced down at my mid section.

"You're getting hot", I thought but did not say out loud. I sensed my cock was swelling again, and I made an attempt to hide the evidence by turning to the side but this only gave her a better view.

Sally leaned over and put her mouth to my ear and whispered, "Oh my, I can tell you are enjoying my company already!" She then turned and headed to one of the attendants at the table.

By this time my head was just spinning, and questions were running through my mind. What's her angle? Why me? If it weren't the fact that she was attending the conference (certainly not one for dummies) I'd think she was a 'working girl'. Would Deb approve...would I even tell her when I call her tonight? Something told me I should call her soon or I may not have the chance later.

I stepped to the table, signed in, got my binder to use at the sessions, then turned and walked towards Sally as she was motioning me over and said, "Let the party begin! Where's that lounge?"  She hooked her right arm around my left and started off practically dragging me along.

We finally found a fairly quiet lounge that had stools at the bar as well as comfortable chairs around small low drink tables. We were seated by an attractive waitress, and Sally took the chair which faced the bar while I sat down in the one just opposite her. It was only then that I noticed she had on a similar skirt to the one she wore when we met in the limo. It was just as revealing or maybe more so. It took Sally no time to get comfortable in the chair by leaning back and demurely spreading her legs slightly. I felt she was doing this once again only for my viewing pleasure, but I soon learned others behind me were enjoying the show also. The crotch of her panties was again missing, but they were white this time, accentuating her bare pink lips even more.

The attending young lady, who appeared to be in her early twenties, came to take our order, and I noticed she too saw Sally's display. She then smiled at me and said, "I'll have your drinks out in a minute. Meanwhile, enjoy the view." Being that we were sitting near a window that overlooked a part of the beautiful Vegas Strip, I wasn't positive which view she was talking about. I think I could make a pretty good guess as I glanced at her name tag which read 'Tammie'.

"Tammie, please charge the drinks to my room...it's number 824, "saying quietly, but I was quickly corrected.

"No, this was my idea, and it's my treat," chimed in Sally. Charge the bill to my room...826!" Turning to me she explained, "I asked to be put in the adjoining room to yours, thinking it might be easier later to study together or to socialize. I hope I wasn't too bold or assuming." She spread her legs a little more as if to offer a an apology..

Okay, I thought to myself, this was getting crazier all the time. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't complaining, just wondering when this fantasy world was going to crumble down around my ears. The drinks came, and I took a big swig of my bourbon Manhattan in an attempt to settle my nerves. Sally had ordered a glass of Cabernet and seemed to enjoy it.

After having another round, Tammie came back to our table so Sally could sign the bill. After adding a generous tip, Sally turned to the young attractive lady and said, "If you want to earn a much bigger tip, show up at my room about 10 tonight for a little private party." Her boldness once again startled me, but I could see that Tammie was not offended. "I'll think about it," she replied with a smile, then left.

"I'm not sure I invited her for you or for me, but if nothing else, I'm sure we can share." Sally's explanation came off rather unemotional and matter-of-factly. Here was a woman who enjoyed life and liked having a good time no matter what others might think of her.

We left the lounge to the chagrin of the male audience and went up to our rooms. It was about 7 PM and after opening up the door between them, we decided that we should order a couple of dinners and a bottle of wine up to her room. Again, Sally signed for it all. After the bell hop left, Sally announced that she was going to eat in comfort and took a wispy piece of clothing from one of the dresser drawers and went into the bathroom. After only a couple of minutes, Sally opened the bathroom door and stepped out wearing a transparent Barbie with red panties that I assumed were crotchless again. Not knowing for sure what to do or say, I merely clapped my hands and gave out a soft wolf whistle in approval.

We ate quickly and afterwards I put the trays out in the hallway. Sally walked over to me, put her arms around my neck, and kissed me with a passion I had not seen or felt in quite some time. I placed my hands on her ass, squeezed and kissed her back. She placed her right hand on my pants front which was rising due to my stiffening cock and said, " Why don't you go back to your room, get rid of all those clothes, and we'll take a shower to freshen up? I'll get the water started, but we need to watch our time...its 9:30.

I returned totally naked and shivering just a little, either from the chill in the air or the sexual excitement. Sally was just stepping into the rather large shower stall as I entered the bathroom with my hard dick in my hand. She looked around and said, "I just love to watch a man masturbate almost as much as I like to suck cock. Why don't we do both?" I stepped into the warm water with her and again entered into a passionate embrace.

Sally grabbed the soap and began to lather up her pussy, giving the little man in the boat a little special attention. I noticed she touched her clit with only a small amount of pressure and appeared to penetrate herself with at least one finger. She handed me the soap, and I knew what she wanted. Facing her while she was pleasuring herself, I began to lather up my penis and slowly stroked it while she watched. I could see her eyes widen as I did this and she said, "Don't stop until you spray your spunk all over my tummy. If you stop before you shoot your wad, I'll have to take steps to punish you."

Not knowing what that punishment might entail, I quickened my stroke. Remembering that Deb had left me in an unsatisfied state when I left home, I could soon tell I was not going to last long. Not taking her eyes off my penis, Sally also began to moan from her own manual attentions, and it was almost as if we were in a race to see who could get off first. I think she came before me, but not totally sure. I announced my pending orgasm, and instead of remaining standing, Sally knelt down with her mouth open offering it as a receptacle for my semen. I quickly and loudly obliged, squirting some on her chin but most was on target. I suspect the soap discouraged her from sucking the remainder out from the purple head so I finished myself as when I masturbate alone.

"Bravo, sehr gut, ole, and just plain ol' well done," Sally said in approval as she swallowed the last drops of my cum. "You look good and you taste good too. So much for dessert!"  She talked while she washed her hair with the little bottle of shampoo and cleaned the goo off her face. Turning her backside to me she demanded, "Wash my tight little asshole and stick your soapy finger inside a bit to finish the job. If I'm not satisfied, I'll have to punish you.

She bent from the waist to rinse her hair and I took the opportunity to perform my assigned cleaning chore. I'm normally not into anal intercourse, but my finger might argue with me. When I was done, Sally told me to turn around and she did the same thing to me. I felt a little guilty feeling pleasure from this, but she assured me she has had other men tell her it feels even better with a full erection. We'll have to test that theory later.

We finished showering, dried each other off, and put on our heavy robes provided in the rooms. I noticed it was almost 10 o'clock, as did Sally when she asked, "Are you about ready for round 2?" She must have had a good idea that Tammie would indeed show up, and sure enough, we soon heard a tap on her room door.

Sally opened the door and practically giggled, "Tammie! I had a feeling you would come, but I've got to warn you we already started. Come on in and get comfortable. I assume traveler checks will be okay and that $500 will cover your time." At this point I became convinced that Sally was doing okay in the financial department and so I did not worry about paying my share for anything. I was being treated like a 'kept man' and enjoying every minute.
