 Sleep came easily, and I woke up in the morning with two warm naked women under the sheets with me. I lay there with Sally on my right and Tammie on my left and drawing in a deep breath, I took in the sensual aroma from the night's activity. When I felt a soft hand suddenly cradle my cock and balls, I knew my Vegas fantasy was not over.

It turned out to be Sally who was displaying her experience of how to awaken a man, not with a forced demand or even a sudden deep throating, but with a soft caress and light strokes of her warm palm and slender fingers. She was obtaining the effect she was seeking as my manhood began to swell and twitch in her grasp. Sally continued to pump my cock very gently as she slid even closer to me and began to lick my right ear with the very tip of her tongue. I wasn't sure how she knew this would drive me up a wall, but it certainly did. After only a few seconds and with me growing stiffer with each pump and tongue tease, I turned my face towards hers and gave her a slow deep kiss of affection and appreciation. I sensed the taste of cum and pussy juices left over from the wild three-way the night before.

Our quiet embrace was enough to stir Tammie out of her sleep, and I could suddenly feel her slide close to my rear, pressing her nipples into my back and her pelvis up against my ass. She reached around with her left arm and sought Sally's breast which she began to knead like a ball of fresh dough. Sally began to moan a little, just enough to let her young friend know that she was enjoying the attention.

Sally removed her lips from mine and purred, "Good morning, Tammie. We must not have totally worn you out last night. It feels like you're not done yet earning your tip."

Without ever letting go of my man meat, Sally proceeded to rise to her knees and place herself between me and Tammie just below the level of our hips. While still pumping me, Sally encouraged Tammie to roll over on her back and spread her legs providing easy access to her shaved pussy. Sally began a slow vaginal massage like those I've seen on videos on Hegre-Art.com, working her fingers along the sides of her outer lips before opening the shaven petals exposing the pink juicy prize inside. From my vantage point, I could witness some of her movements and could hear Tammie begin her own groans of sexual pleasure.

Putting aside my own yearning to immediately fuck either one or both of these hot women, I maneuvered myself onto my knees and practically pushed Sally to a position between the legs of the object of her desire so she could use her mouth as well as her hands to heighten Tammie's experience. With both hands now free, Sally began to do this in earnest, licking her slit, sucking her clit, and rubbing her hidden G-spot with the middle finger of her right hand. I took the erotic scene in with complete wonderment, stroking my dick enough to keep me hard but not enough to cum.

Tammie beckoned me to move closer to her head by saying, "Come here Dale and let me suck on that hard cock." Another "oooh" and "aaah" escaped her mouth as the attention she was getting from Sally was sending her into a state of near ecstasy.

She didn't have to tell me twice, so I crawled toward her mouth and she took me in. The warmth is what first excited me, followed by the moistness of her tongue and the tingling brought about by the slightest touch of her front teeth across the rim of my purple head.

She knew what she was doing alright, and easily took my modest 6 inches into her throat where I used short thrusts to keep myself buried. I couldn't clearly remember whether I had felt this same sensation the night before, but I didn't think so. I was just about ready to cum when I suddenly remembered Sally with her ass sticking up in the air and waiting for a rigid intruder.

Tammie seemed to protest as I withdrew my throbbing cock from her mouth, so I leaned down and gave her a hard kiss then said, "Enjoy the pussy massage that Sally is giving you, and I will try to give her enough encouragement to keep her going."

I went down to the foot of the bed where I found a familiar ass staring me in the face. I instantly considered trying to enter her anally, but not knowing if she was in to that as well as not realizing she would not be prepared, gave me pause. Instead I placed my hands on her ass cheeks with the intention of spreading them to give me better access to her pussy. As soon as I touched her she knew what was coming, so she spread her knees and dipped down her shoulders forcing her cunt to be more exposed. So as not to disappoint her, I lowered my head and began to tongue her as she was doing to Tammie. I heard a loud gasp as my mouth began to explore her wetness and my finger entered her ass every so slightly. I know Deb enjoys a little anal penetration during oral or intercourse, but she preferred a little lube first. In this case my saliva would have to do.

Tammie sounded like she was getting close to exploding into orgasm, and I was certain the same was true for Sally. I raised myself up from my "meal", spit on my hand to lubricate my cock, and put my sensitive penis head up against her pussy and began to push. Once again there was another gasp as I popped in, but I knew my entry was welcomed as were my hard thrusts. Sally used her free hand to rub her own clit as I repeatedly rammed my rod into her sex. My inability to hold back, much less the lack of desire to do so, meant I would be cumming very soon. I planned to pull out just before orgasm and spray her backside with my jism

"I'm going to cum and I can't stop!" The words came out of my mouth as I retreated from her hole and I then grabbed my cock to finish by masturbation. Almost simultaneously I heard both of the girls yell out, "Me too!"

The three of us began to furiously pump and rub ourselves into almost simultaneous orgasms. We all moaned with pleasure as the intense sensation washed over our bodies and minds, then fell once again into a heap on the bed. It was only 10 o'clock in the morning, and I was almost overcome with exhaustion!

It wasn't long before Tammie sat up and said, "I have to work this afternoon so I need to get moving. Can I use the john and shower to get cleaned up?"

"Of course my dear," Sally answered. "There are clean towels and wash cloths on the rack, and use my shampoo if you want. You look to be a mess, and for heaven's sake, get all that cum and my juices washed off or you will be attracting tom cats from every direction!"

Tammie thanked her, and walked to the bathroom. Her lovely behind jiggled as she walked, and I could only think how lucky I was to have had that if just for a night. Sally and I just lay on the bed resting, and we finally heard the water running in the shower.

Sally suddenly piped up, "I think I'll go help her clean up...you know, like wash her back where she can't reach and other hard-to-reach places. You want to come along?"

"No thanks, I am really exhausted," I responded, "and I know what will probably happen in there with all that warm water and lots of soap. Besides, I'm a little sore in certain areas no thanks to you two." I patted her on her bottom as she left to join her young friend.

I could only guess what went on with those two as they giggled their way through a shower that must have lasted a half hour or more. Every single crevice and fold of skin must have been hand washed a dozen times each before the water was turned off and the girls emerged from the bathroom wearing only towels wrapped around their heads. "My God, please make them leave me alone for now," I prayed to myself, "and I'll make a donation to the poor when I get home."

I suddenly remembered we had actually partied in Sally's hotel room and that mine was right beside it, and the connecting door was still open. "I'm going to my room to get some rest," I told them both. "Sally, if you want to do dinner later let me know after I get some sleep." With that I left, closing the door to the pleasure palace of my dreams for at least a while.

I had remembered to put the DO NOT DISTURB sign on the outside door handle so the maid wouldn't come in during my rest. It was about 3 PM when I finally woke up from a deep and well deserved sleep. It took several seconds for me realize where I was and what had happened, although I wondered for a while whether it all had been just a crazy dream. Pangs of hunger awakened me even more, and I decided it was time to arise, get a shower (had I joined the girls earlier this morning or not?), get dressed and find a light fare somewhere to curb my appetite.

I had no trouble finding a place to eat at the Imperial Palace where I was staying since it was the home to at least 5 restaurants. One of the many hostesses gave me directions to one of them, and naturally I was forced to walk through the casino area to get to it. Although I really didn't enjoy gambling all the much, I told myself I would run a few quarters through the slots later and maybe even try my luck at a craps table or roulette wheel.

As I was finishing up my meal, I thought it would be a good idea to call Deb on this Sunday afternoon and let her know she was in my thoughts. I know the idea of calling was at least partially brought on by guilt about my sexual escapades. I took a deep breath and dialed her on my cell.

"Hi dear," I said when she answered the phone, trying not to sound out of the ordinary, "how are you doing?" Without waiting for an answer, I continued, "I miss you already and this dull conference will probably make the days go by slow as hell." I hoped I wasn't laying it on too thickly.

Deb quickly offered a solution to my not-so-honest situation. "I ran into my boss while I was shopping yesterday afternoon and she asked about you. I told her you had left for Las Vegas for a few days and she wondered why I hadn't gone with you. When I told her I didn't think the office could do without me during this busy time of year, she insisted that I take off a few days to get my batteries recharged. I was able to get a reservation on Southwest leaving here at 7 PM tonight which will put me there about 8:30. It was going to be a surprise, but now the cat is out of the bag. Isn't that great?"

My head began to spin and I was a little short of breath. I tried to collect my thoughts before answering, "Great idea honey! I didn't rent a car, but the hotel has limo service from the airport if that will be okay."

"I will just have a carry-on, so if everything is on time, I should be at the Imperial before ten o'clock. What room do you have?" she asked.

"Room 824," I responded, making damn sure I didn't accidently give her Sally's adjacent room number. "I'll leave a note at the check-in desk for them to give you an extra key just in case I'm not in the lobby when you arrive." In an attempt to lighten the mood, I continued, "Do not come dressed in that black slinky low-cut dress you have or they might think you're a hooker that I called for."

"Very funny," she said, "but that might just be fun enough to give it a try. I'll see you tonight big boy, and make sure you have enough cash on you to pay your hot little call girl for services rendered." I could hear her laugh as she ended the call.

My breathing had quickened and I could feel the sweat forming on my brow. If I could juggle three balls at the same time and keep all of them in the air, I might stand a chance. I had to stack the odds in my favor if possible, so the first thing I had to do was to seek out Sally and explain the situation. She had never indicated she was after anything but a fun time, and had not said a word about the wedding band on my finger. Her discreetness was the key to my salvation. Tammie's silence had already been paid for, assuming she would live by the unwritten rules of Sin City.

I paid for my meal and went off seeking Sally. I had no good way of locating her, so I first tried calling her room from a house phone...no answer. If she was doing some gambling in the casino it would be tough to locate her, and God forbid, if she had gone to any one of the other dozens of gambling joints on the strip, it would be impossible to find her. I could not take the chance of Sally seeing me with Deb without her first being cautioned to be discrete.

It was about 5 PM and I didn't have much time, but I need something to calm my nerves down so I instinctively headed to the bar where Sally and I first ran into Tammie. Wouldn't you know Tammie was there waiting tables and when she recognized me she broke into a great big smile and said, "Dale, nice to see you again. What has it been...maybe six or seven hours?"

"Shush, kiddo, not so loud," I pleaded as I sat down and motioned her to come closer. "I've got a little problem, and I need your cooperation. My wife is coming to town this evening and if she finds out I've been fooling around without her, my ass is grass!"

Tammie seemed to understand and replied, "In my line of work, and especially in this town, I know how to keep my mouth shut. I can be REAL quiet though when there's a big tip involved...do you catch my drift buddy?"

"Yeah I got it. Bring me a double Manhattan on the rocks and you'll get your tip." As she turned to take my order up to the bar tender, I added, "And leave out the cherries."

It was only a couple of minutes later when Tammie returned with my drink and set it in front of me. Not being allowed to sit down next to me due to bar rules, she bent down and quietly asked, "By the way, what did you mean when you said that your wife would be upset if you she found out you were screwing around without her? Are you two into swinging?"

"I guess you could call it something like that," I said. "We sorta have an understanding that if one of us wants to sow some wild oats, then the other gets invited along or at least informed ahead of time. I guess you would call it a way of getting permission."

"Wow, that's a great marriage, and I guess you'll never get bored that way...right?" Tammie chuckled, not really expecting an answer, but having a sudden thought. "You better tell that other woman...Sally if I remember right...about this deal too. Excuse me, I have another customer to take care of." 

A few seconds later I received the surprise of my life...the other customer was actually Sally and Tammie had escorted her to my table. It was suddenly like 'old home week' but with just a little tension in the air. I stood up and gave Sally a big hug and whispered in her ear, "We have a little something to talk about!"

She did not seem the least bit miffed and got some obvious fun at my expense when I explained the whole situation. "Relax Dale you're not dealing with anyone who wants to see you take a powder over just having a little fun. Our roll in the hay last night, and come to think of it this morning as well, will not be discussed at all. As a matter of fact, I'm starting to get an idea. I'll need Tammie's help and your willingness to grant your wife some erotic pleasure as your penance for not telling her about us." With that she motioned over to Tammie who had already had Sally's favorite drink prepared and was just now bringing it to our table.

As the drink was set in front of her, Sally quietly got Tammie's attention. "I'm sure you are like me and want to keep Dale here out of trouble with his wife so let's keep everything that happened among ourselves. On the other hand, I was very pleased with your attention last night, but now I need a different service. I need a male escort tonight, and he needs to have a big dick and know how to use it to please a lady. Do you know of such a hunk?"

Tammie lowered herself and said, "I shouldn't do this...I could get into a lot of trouble...but I like you a lot. I do have a friend, Alex, and for the same price, I know he could take you right into the pleasure zone. You won't be disappointed."

"Good," replied Sally. "Have him meet me right here at 9 tonight and tell him to dress casually. I'll assume that I will pay Alex directly." Turning to me, Sally added, "Dale, take a late night shower with your wife and be prepared for a room visit about an hour before midnight. Oh yeah, this is really going to be fun!"

Sally was acting like a show director and a script writer all rolled into one. She was taking charge, but I was beginning to understand where this might be headed and I was more than ready to go along for the ride. My main goal was to protect my marriage, and if that meant providing Deb with pleasure way beyond her expectations, that was just fine with me.

Deb called me on my cell when she arrived and she sounded very excited and didn't seem to be a bit tired after her short flight. I told her I would meet her in the room, but my plan was really to sit in the lobby and watch her arrive to get the room key I had arranged for. About 9:45 I watched her walk into the lobby after getting off the limo, and she was wearing 4" heels and that tight black dress I suggested she NOT wear. She certainly turned some heads as she walked to the check-in desk, as well as stirring some feelings in my own groin as we all eyed her swaying hips and sculptured legs. My wife indeed entered the foyer looking like a high class hooker and it strangely excited me!

It tickled me the way the hotel employee looked at Deb in a dubious way but she finally did give her a room key card. It was then that I arose from my easy chair and quickly approached Deb from behind as she was about ready to enter the elevator. "How much for a blow job miss," I whispered in her ear.

Deb turned around, smiled broadly and put her arms around my neck replying, "You're in luck...I have a half price sale going on right now and I call it the Vegas special. Are you interested big boy?"

There were a couple of older gentlemen who were close enough to hear most of what was said and I could see their grins forming immediately. Leaving them to their fantasies, I helped Deb with her bag and we got on the empty elevator alone and I pushed the button for the 8th floor. Almost as soon as the door closed, I pushed Deb up against the wall, locking my open mouth on hers and putting my right hand on her nicely rounded ass. The sensation of her smooth cheek under that satin dress began to give me an erection, a effect that only got more intense when I realized I couldn't feel a panty line.

"Are you being a naughty girl and not wearing any undies," I coyly inquired. "I should put you over my knee and give you a spanking!"

"The thought of you doing that is making me wet," she said. "But when you do put me over your knee, you'll discover I am actually wearing a thong. You're not too disappointed, are you?"

Before I could answer, the elevator arrived at our floor and the doors opened. It wasn't until then that I realized we could have been interrupted at any floor as we ascended, but I guess that only added to the excitement. I instinctively glanced at the door to Sally's room as we arrived at 824 but I don't think Deb noticed. She used her key card to open the door, we entered, and Deb almost immediately began to disrobe.

"I've got to get this thing off! I feel like I've been ogled the whole trip over, and though I loved being the subject of men's fantasies, enough is enough." With that she drew the slinky material up over her head, revealing a black thong covering her slit, a small matching push-up shear bra, and nothing else besides her heels. She had traveled about 700 miles this evening semi-naked!

She looked at me with a little school-girl look, one finger tip to her pouting mouth and teased, "Do I get that spanking now mister?"

"That's not all you'll get," I responded as I approached her with a hungry look in my eyes. "I'm going to tear off that thong with my teeth and lunch on your moist snatch!"

Deb laughed and playfully ran to the other side of the king size bed, saying, "I've got no problem with that, but I've been traveling for 5 hours and I need to freshen up first. Let me first take a quick shower and then I'll come back and give you a hooker fantasy you'll long remember!"
