 She's riding him hard now. It's close, we can all feel it. Her soft, perfectly round ass slaps noisily on his hairy flesh. I watch as his legs, hanging off the edge of the bed, twitch in motion. His toes dig into the carpet at moments of particular perfection, when her pussy has stroked the entirety of his wet cock. Sitting directly opposite the bed, I can't see him. I simply imagine the ecstasy on his sweaty, bearded face while surveying the vision before me: the back of her figure straddling him, her legs on either side, and their union: hairy, pink, wet.

Their moans now fill the room entirely, combining with the noise of smacking flesh. Her back glistens with sweat and her long black hair flicks across, damp at the ends from hitting her back repeatedly. On occasion, her hands are raised, as if she is enjoying this in some other dimension entirely, one where we, the seated and the fucked, are not present. 

When his hands reach around to grab her back, I know it's time. His fingers dig into her flesh, leaving red marks on the tanned surface. "Take me," he says. She brings her hands down, places them on his chest I imagine, and cries "cream me, baby." The unexpected vulgarity seems to awaken him from whatever passive daze he was in. He puts his thighs into motion and pumps her. His elongated balls, previously idle between his legs, now swing forth, almost striking her sweet hole, the one he has left unfilled. Before long, he's crying out. Between the expletives, I hear a muffled "fill your pussy up." And then, as if changing her mind about who is in control, she clamps down on his thighs to stop his pumping while at the same time slowing down her tempo and staying elevated. This leaves just the tip of his thick cock inside her pussy, for what seems like entire minutes but in reality is probably seconds. As I look closer, I see the lips of her pink pussy move minutely; she is literally milking him. Observing the spectacle, my cock signals its full arousal uncomfortably from my briefs again.

His voice trails into a high pitched moan. He twitches, attempting to thrust his cock back in, to finally climax. But she keeps herself raised, just out of reach. And when it seems like too much, as if he would pass out from the teasing tension (which my own arousal is becoming increasingly responsive to), she brings herself down. His moan ends in a soundless scream. I see his tool spasm repeatedly, sending tremors through his body. His feet jerk uncontrollably, his hands slip from her back. She expertly brings herself down, lingers a while, and then brushes his sac with her wet vulva. He convulses uncontrollably from the sensitivity. I once again fight the unbearable urge to pull my own throbbing cock out and stroke it out right there and then. I am certain I would last mere seconds.

I hear a soft chuckle from her. She decides to release him from his agony by bringing her pussy back up again, but this time only halfway up his wet, spent cock. It is covered by a thin sheen of his cum, and as she hovers over it, more of the juice comes seeping out, dribbling down slowly and viscously. Soon, what's visible of his cock and balls is entirely white.

When he sighs finally, she removes herself. His cockhead pops out of her pussy, coated in his seed and her juices, glistening white and pink. It stands erect in the air victoriously for a few seconds, before plopping down to his stomach. 

Although she lays herself on top of him, she is not done. A trembling energy still possesses her, and she reaches underneath herself and begins rubbing her vulva. I see sticky fingers poking from underneath, pulling apart the wet, pink folds. A minute later, she thrusts herself out. Her pussy hangs in the air, wet, white, inviting. She tosses her head back, looks at me, and adds, quite unnecessarily, "come finish me, babe."

I am out of the chair in an instant. The briefs, damp at the front from all the precum I have leaked in them, come off simultaneously. My cock, free in the air at last, twitches in anticipation of the reward she, and indeed I, have silently denied it so far. As my foreskin rolls back slowly, the precum pooled under it streaks out. I position myself in front of her, squatting slightly, and trace my wet cock from her tight asshole down to her waiting pussy. She trembles, moans deeply. I let my cock rest on her cunt for a moment, trying to see if she can be teased. But she knows the limits of my desire, and when she pushes back lightly, when her wet, plumped lips brush my cockhead, I can wait no more. I push inwards, in one forceful move, until I am fully in her. My cock wades luxuriously through his cream, getting lubricated, and comes to rest inside her warmth. To remind me further of his presence, she lowers herself. I put up my right leg on the bed for leverage and correspondingly squat lower to remain inside her, until my balls come to rest on his. I feel their sticky wetness, am aroused even more.

She can't wait anymore. "Fuck me 'til I scream" is her command. I do, and she does. My cock slides in and out of her wetness just as I feel his underneath. As her pussy strokes the entirety of my cock, so does his sodden crotch caress my sac. The pleasuring I give her, and take from him, captures me, takes me along with her as her voice becomes guttural. She comes before me. I know because her pussy clenches around my cock, squeezing it tighter, and because her moans enter a different register, somewhere between the pain and pleasure of sensitivity. 

I want to tease her, to draw out her unbearable torture, to fuck her senselessly until she begs me to stop. But I am too close. Almost against my will, my hands clutch her ass, soft and sweaty, and begin pumping her hard. As if on cue, his hand reaches out, runs the length of the leg I have propped up on the bed, and stops at my ass, grabbing my right cheek tightly and pulling me in closer. In between her cries, completely animal like now, my own grunts, and his forceful pressure, I come. A cock explodes in her pussy again, and fills it with hot seed. His and mine mingle together, inside her warmth. 

She waits patiently for me to drain myself, to catch my breath, to withdraw. I do, brushing the tip of my creamy cock on her ass, then his balls. He twitches, as if tickled, and releases me from his grip. I go and lie down next to him, exhausted. He looks at me sleepily and contently. She rolls from on top of him to between us, hooking her leg over my thigh. Her wet pussy grazes me as she does. I lazily watch her reach out to stroke his limp cock. Her fingers scrape some of his remaining cum. She holds it up to the light, and smiles to herself. Her hand is on my chest next, spreading him over me. I snuggle to her, and him, and we sleep.