 Halloween was always fun for me. I liked getting dressed up and seeing what kind of interesting costumes other people had. I can remember some interesting ones, including one particular mummy when I was a kid. I went on a date with her and she had a little trouble with the rain on the way home. That probably shaped my appreciation for costumes a lot. Now I celebrate by assisting as Dracula in a haunted house. It's a lot of work, but it's also a lot of fun. This year it was more fun than usual.

The haunted house is inside a large warehouse building. There are hidden corridors for the workers to get around and to allow emergency access to all parts. The section I am in follows a tight maze with all kinds of rubber hands sticking out and strings for spider webs. The last thing before they come out is a small "star room" which has the ceiling of the two foot wide walled path illuminated as if you were outside. While mundane, it was an addition I had put in a few years back. It successfully ruins the night vision that the guests have built up as they worked through the dark maze. Now when they come out of the maze into my area, they are greeted with a large dark room. The only thing they can see is several sets of muted Christmas lights that are "traveling" toward the entry to the next section, the tunnel. 

The tunnel is just over two feet on a side and about ten feet long. The floor slopes up and the ceiling and walls down to the entry so that you end up walking crouched at first and then finally on hands and knees to enter the tunnel. Half way through the tunnel you are shocked into reality by a live monster trying to grab you from within his grave. Of course you are crawling across a clear Plexiglas window, but that doesn't stop many from bouncing off the padded roof. 

While the guests are stacked up waiting to get into the tunnel I am free to select my victim and strike. I have learned that the more frightened ones hang to the back of the groups, which pass through every four or five minutes. I hear the lightning of at the midpoint of the maze, letting me know the next group is coming. I slip back onto my waiting room, a pleasant chamber with a red light and a chair, so I can rest without losing my night vision. I take a sip of water and listen for my victims. Thumping and bumping and giggling tells me they are coming out. I wait for them to come by and then step out behind them. The last in line is a slim girl with a waist length brown ponytail, gripping a guy's arm like a vice. She would be a good target, but I can tell the way the guy is trying to look around he is as scared as she is, waiting for the next fright to hit them. She had on a short denim skirt and a white turtleneck, which made them easy to see, even in the darkness. I spread my cape and stepped close behind, breathing hotly on their necks. I let my cape touch their shoulders before I utter my favorite line.

"Ahhhh fresh young necks to suck!" I hiss.

This is usually when things come unglued. I have had women literally wet themselves, and in one case, the mom took off, bulling her way into the tunnel, leaving her two kids screaming behind her. Today I scared the guy so bad that he nearly jumped off the ground a foot before throwing his arms out and tossing his girl aside as if she were a rag doll. She bounced off one wall and rebounded into me. I did my best to catch her and the two of us ended up in a pile on the concrete floor while the brave guy took off, forcing himself past the rest of his group and into the tunnel. I could hear him come out the other end and from the sound of it, try to sprint down the hall on the other side. 

Following like lemurs, the rest of the group took off as fast as it could after him, not wanting to be caught by whatever scared the hell out of him. I was left holding a woozy young lady sprawled on top of me. I did my best to get up and help her up as well. 

"Are you ok?" I asked her when she put her face up.

"I think so." She answered as she tried to stand up, feeling around her in the darkness. "What happened?"

"Your friend decided to hit the eject button." I replied as I tried to steady her.

"That asshole!" she snapped.

"Come on. Let me help you over to a chair." I said as I picked her up and carried her back to my cubbyhole. She didn't feel like she weighed more than a hundred pounds or so, which was no problem for me, having trained as a volunteer firefighter to carry well over two hundred pounds. 

"Oh a knight in shining armor!" She giggled as I set her in the chair.

"Not exactly." I replied.

"How come you can see and I can't?" she asked quizzically

"Um. I spend all night in here and get used to it. I was the cause of your friends' flight."

"OH! You're Dracula?"

"Yes maam." I replied as I knelt next to the chair fumbled under it for the penlight I kept handy in case of an emergency. "This is going to be bright." I said as I cupped my fingers over the lens to let just a sliver of light out. I swept it over her eyes to check and make sure both sides were responding. "Do you have a headache or hurt anyplace?"

"Just my pride!" she said with a laugh

"Doesn't look like anything serious. Do you want me to get the medics anyway?"

"No... Just let me sit here a minute and I think I'll be ok."

"Ok. You just sit tight while I call things in."

"Oh no, please... I'll be fine and I don't want that dick to know what happened to me just yet."

"You're sure?"

"Yes. I'll be ok in a minute." She said looking a bit better already in the dim red light I have set up in my ready room.

We could both hear the next group coming through the maze.

"Aren't you supposed to scare someone?" she asked 

"Yes, but I'll stay here till you feel a bit better."

"No. I insist. Go ahead. I want to hear them scream!"

"Ok" I said as I pushed back to put my flashlight down and stand up. I leaned down and froze. In my motion to put the flashlight down, my head ended up between her spread knees, and my line of sight was looking straight up her short denim skirt. I wasn't sure if she could see me yet in the darkness, but I could clearly see all the way up to her white panties, which were reflecting the periodic flashes of the Christmas lights shining through the open curtain. I didn't linger long, but it was long enough to clearly make out the shape of the pussy that they were covering. I put down the flashlight and stood up, looking to see if she noticed me looking up her skirt. She didn't seem to, so I turned and headed out to do my job. After creating an appropriate amount of screaming I returned to my ready room to check on my charge.

"Well you sure gave them a good scare from the sound of it." She said looking at me.

"Looks like you're getting some night vision."

"Enough to see how hideous you look. Damn!"

"Thanks. I appreciate the compliment."

"so how often do you do this?"

"Oh, about every five minutes... How are you feeling?"

"A lot better. Thanks."

"So how about a name?" I asked her.

"Oh sorry. I'm Debbie, but you can call me Deb. What do I call you besides Count?"

"Mike."

"Hi Mike. Thanks for catching me."

"Your welcome. Would you like me to lead you back out, or would you like to follow the next group?"

"Would you mind if I just sit here a bit longer?"

"Don't you think your boyfriend will miss you?"

"That dick deserves to worry a while. Especially after what he did to me." She said angrily.

"Well, you're welcome to stay longer if you'd like."

"Thanks!" she said standing up and giving me a hug.

"You're welcome." I answered as I put my arms around her to hold her.

She slid back down into the chair as the sound of thunder rattled. The next group was on its way, I turned and walked to the curtained entrance to peek through and pick my next victim. 

I walked back in after giving the group its expected scare, and froze in my tracks.

"So does Dracula suck other things besides necks?" she asked as she sat with her legs spread slightly, her short denim skirt hiked up to her hips and her panties swinging from her finger. 

"um... yes." I said hesitantly.

"Good!" she said as she tossed the panties toward me and bounced them off my chest. "You can have your choice." She continued as she pulled the bottom of her white top up over her tits, exposing them to me while she stood up. She stood in front of the chair and put her hands behind her back. A few seconds later the denim skirt slid down her sleek legs, leaving her naked from the ankles to her neck. "Or you can choose to have all of it." She stepped out of her skirt and stepped over to me. She was on her knees in front of me almost before I knew what to say, her hands busy with my pants. I watched as her warm mouth enveloped my hardening dick.

"Oh lord." I groaned as she sucked my already quickly growing dick to full mast. I could see her fingers busy in her pussy as she worked my slick dick. I have no idea how long I stood there before she pulled away and stood up. She stepped back to the chair and pulled me toward her. I knew what she wanted. I knelt between her legs and began to lick and suck her sweet pussy in return. It wasn't too long before that wasn't enough. She pulled my head from between her legs and wrapped her feet around my ass, pulling me toward her. She aimed my dick for her pussy and pulled me into her until I was sliding my dick into her slick pussy. My body took over and did what was natural, and I began to pump in and out of her pussy with abandon, our bodies slapping together while she moaned loudly. I was nearing the point of no return as she tensed, her pussy clamping around my dick. It was enough to send me over the top, causing me to slam deep into her and begin pumping a huge load of juice deep into her pussy. She cried out in pleasure as I squeezed her tits and nipples in time with my spurting dick. I don't know how long went by before we caught our breath and put ourselves back together.

"Thank you, that was wonderful... but why?"

"I figure a knight in shining armor deserves a reward, even if he is wearing a black cape!"

""I see...You probably have a bunch of makeup on your pussy now."

"Good! Then the fuck will know what he missed."

"I take it you don't like him too much at the moment."

"Given the way he treated me, and how good of a fuck you just gave me, no, I'm not too happy with him. Now, if you don't mind, I'll just follow the next group out."

"If that's what you want."

"Actually..." she said as she stepped up to me and touched my lips with her fingers. "I'd rather stay her for another fuck, but I probably better go. Here, you keep these." She said as she stuffed her panties into my hand. "Thank you for taking care of me... in more ways than one." She whispered before disappearing out of my room.

The rest of the night went quietly, at least as quietly as it can be inside a haunted house.

The next evening things were going along just fine until about an hour and a half into the night. I returned after scaring a group to find Deb standing in my ready room, wearing a light colored wrap around dress.

"Hey drack... Thought you might be thirsty." She said as she pulled the waist belt loose and let the dress slip from her shoulders. She was standing completely naked except for the pair of flip flops on her feet. 

"Damn." Was all I could say as she stepped toward me and pulled me into a deep embrace. I could feel the fingers of her one free hand undoing my pants, and then the buttons of my shirt. Her fingers began tracing up and down my bare chest, ending with running up and down the length of my quickly growing dick. She moaned into my mouth as she fingered my hardened dick. 

"Ohhh yes." She said as she pulled away from me. "That's what I need. Ram that big dick deep into my wet pussy. I've been thinking about this all day!" She said as she pulled me toward the chair. She turned away from me and bent over, sticking her ass out at me while she bent over to hold the chair. I'm not so slow that I didn't know what she wanted. I stepped up behind her and aimed my rigid pole at her exposed pussy, pushing into her as deep as I could go. Deb moaned loudly as I filled her pussy with my pistoning dick, my hands finding her swinging tits. Her moaning increased as I began squeezing her tits and nipples in time with my strokes, finally bringing her to a shuddering climax. I was nearly ready to blow my load when she pulled off my dick and quickly spun around to sit on the chair. Her hands found my balls and dick, aiming it at her open mouth. Her lips closed around my head as she began pumping me with her hands. I moaned loudly as I started spurting. She pulled me from her mouth and aimed my hose at her tits, covering them with stream after stream of my cum. When my dick had reduced to a trickle she sucked me back into her mouth, sucking the last drops from me. She leaned back, releasing me, and rubbing my cum into her tits like lotion. I stood there, trying to catch my breath as I watched her rub her body. Finally she leaned forward and pulled my pants up and helped me button up, all the time remaining totally naked. When she had me back together, she dug into a small bag that she had brought, pulling out a wet wipe. She cleaned my makeup from her face and then proceeded to use more makeup to fix mine. I played with her tits while she touched me up, neither of us saying a word. Finally done she pulled her dress on, gave me a quick peck on the lips, slipped a note into my hand, and disappeared without a word.

I was totally dumb founded. I had no idea why she came back the way she did. She didn't tell me much, it was clear she was after a quick fuck. It was certainly nothing I had experienced before. I shook my head as I opened the note in the dim red light. Last thing I needed was someone spreading around what happened in my ready room. 

'Thanks for the fun, but it's just beginning. It's all legal so enjoy!' was all the note said. I still didn't understand Deb, and this did little to clear it up.

It was time for our mid evening break, so I headed down the service passage, meeting up with Rick, the monster under the tunnel.

"Man did you see that gal a couple hours ago?" he asked me.

"which one?"

"The one in the blue dress. I didn't get much of a look, but I swear she spread her legs on purpose as she crossed over my position, and I'm telling you, she was bare and wet. Hell she looked like she was freshly fucked."

"Lucky guy! Wish I got a look like that." I said as we headed to the break room.

"I guess next year you're going to be trying to get my spot."

"Yeah, right... trapped in that little box? No way!"

"Well you're missing some great pussy shots man."

"I'll stick with scaring the piss out of them." I laughed.

I had a soda and snack, touched up my makeup and headed back to my ready room. I liked to be there a bit early since it took me a while to get my eyes adjusted to the dark. I sat in my chair while the rest of the people got back to their spots and settled into their positions. Finally I heard the lights out bell and waited for darkness. It didn't take long for the first group to head into the maze. I sat and waited for the thunder before I got up to see what I had to work with. 

The tail end of the group seemed to be a couple girls. I moved in behind them, pulling my cape around them, giving them my line. To my surprise, they both screamed and jumped, causing the group ahead to move faster toward the tunnel. The two girls though, turned and faced me while they waited. They clearly knew I could see them but just as clearly they couldn't see much of me, only the light shining off my face and light colored shirt. One of them pulled up her shirt, and hooked it above her good sized tits while the other pulled up her skirt, showing me a very tiny thong. I think I was more surprised than they were. I stood there and stared at them while the one with bare tits played with them as they backed toward the tunnel. When they couldn't stand up any more the dropped to their knees and headed toward the tunnel, one with her tits hanging out and one with her bare ass showing as her short skirt hung around her waist. Rick was about to get one hell of a show, but I was more confused than ever. I had occasionally seen a flash of panty and on rare occasion bare pussy as the girls headed into the tunnel, but this was unprecedented. 

The next few groups went as normal, getting a good scare into the group. That changed once again. I stepped out behind the end of the group and scared the couple at the end, getting a satisfying scream. I made sure the group headed into the tunnel and then turned to walk back to my spot. Standing behind me was a cute blond wearing nothing but a pair of fishnet stockings, holding some bunched up material in one hand. She moved toward me and kissed me on the lips quickly, she pulled one hand to one of her tits and held it there while she pulled me toward my ready room. Once there she whispered to me. "Make me cum. We have four groups."

"What?" I asked back.

"Deb sent me. Here!" she said holding a note out to me. The note simply said.

'Make her cum, but don't fuck her, your reward will be in 4 groups. Be naked under your cape when your reward comes. Deb'

Well that was clear. The girl in front of me pulled the note from my hand and pulled my head down to her tit. I sucked one nipple into my mouth and slipped a hand between her legs. Her pussy was sopping wet and my finger easily slipped between her lips and into her tunnel. She moaned and pulled me tighter to her as I worked her clit. She cried out loudly as her orgasm washed over her, but it just mingled with the rest of the screams and cries in the place. I let her relax and held her tight as the next group passed through. She let me go so she could sit down and catch her breath. When the group was all through the tunnel, she slipped out of the ready room and headed to the tunnel. I watched her go through, waiting for the window section and laying flat on it, giving Rick a full view of her tits before she moved to her knees and pushed her sopping pussy against the plastic. Finally she moved the rest of the way down the tunnel and disappeared. 

I heard the next group coming and retreated to my room. I waited and moved out at the end of the group. Finding the last of the group and moving in to scare them A group of three girls were tightly clumped. I moved spread my cape, making the same moves that I always did. The three shrieked with two of them moving forward, and the third curling up below me. I had this happen many times. All I have to do is hold still and the curled up girl will get up and run with the rest. This one didn't. She stayed curled on the floor. I felt her hand grab my hard dick through my pants, drawing my attention down to her. When she saw she had my attention, she rolled onto her hands and knees and began crawling toward the tunnel. She paused a few feet from me and pulled her knee length skirt up until it was laying on her back. Her whole bare ass was exposed to me as well as her pussy. She leaned down toward the floor and stuck her pussy out at me, waggling her ass. She looked back at me and continued to crawl toward the tunnel, making sure I had a good look at her pussy the whole way. I had no idea what was going on. I hadn't had this much flash in all the years put together. 

I retreated to my room and waited for the next group. Again I moved out to scare them, selecting the tailing couple. The wife or girlfriend or whatever, screamed and tried to run, dragging her guy with her. Satisfied I turned around and started back to my room to see a lone girl coming out of the maze. She had clearly waited back. When she was sure I saw her, she pulled her t-shirt up, exposing her cute little tits, and then walked up to me. She was wearing heels and hose, a skirt and t-shirt. She sashayed, more than walked, up to me holding her shirt up for me to see her tits. She stopped in front of me and took one of my hands, pulling it to her. She used my hand to lift her skirt and placed my fingers on her wet pussy. She moaned softly as I rubbed her wet pussy lips, stroking her already exposed clit. 
