 The sun beat down on us as we made the long trek to the porn shop. Derek wore his usual dark blue baseball cap and I walked with a squint, trying to shield my eyes. It was 11am and we were approaching John's. Such an innocuous name for a small storefront full of black sluts this and DP that; mega super sex sluts swallow, posted everywhere. Derek led the way, having been there before. I stood idly by, trying to not look so much like a girl as the man I assumed was the John of "John's" gave Derek the whippets from beneath the glass counter. 

The walk back was quicker, our footsteps lighter, as we laughed about what we saw. "Really, you can just go watch porn in the back?" I asked incredulously. Even at 21, I was so naive. 

Derek lived in what I usually refer to as the druggie frat. His frat brothers were unique and eclectic. The building itself was from the early 1900s, like a lot of the campus, and was in disrepair, drafty, and poorly lit. We made our way back to his room. My eyes adjusted to the darkness slowly. The house had few windows and Derek's room was no exception. 

The campus was filled with "spring flingers" enjoying the yearly party full of music and debauchery. We were holed up away from the crowds, thinking of starting our own party. I'd never done ecstasy or whippets, but I'd signed up to do both this weekend. I'm an anxious person by nature. My mom instilled her nagging voice in me with years of talk about strangers and LSD and rape. For once though, I was calm. I trusted Derek. Derek was my personal devil's advocate. He helped me lose my faith and helped me get high for the first time. He was amazingly smart, one of the smartest guys I've ever known. 

We made ourselves comfortable in Derek's room. His roommate Ryan reclined on his bed in one corner of the large room, I sat on Derek's bed in the opposite corner and Derek sat at his desk chair nearby, fiddling with his laptop. After he selected some music, Derek began doling out the tablets. Twenty dollars for pleasure supposedly. Sure, we'll see if it even works on me, I thought. 

Each pill was emblazoned with iconic smiley face. We popped them in our mouths like candy and relaxed, the music taking over our bodies as we allowed the drug to set in.

As I lay with my eyes closed, I could hear Derek opening the box of whippets we'd picked up. He grabbed the balloon he'd purchased earlier and the hiss of gas from the tiny canister made my ears vibrate. His breath was audible as he inhaled the gas from the balloon. He held it in his lungs as long as he could before exhaling. His hands fell limp by his side and his eyes closed as a smile swept over his face. 

He opened his eyes and looked at me. "I'm going to put the gas into the balloon. Inhale it and hold it as long as you can," he advised.

"Ok," I said, reaching for the full balloon in his hand. It was a punch balloon, the kind you would've played with as a kid, but now full of adult fun. I'd never done ecstasy, I'd never done whippets, and here I was doing both at the same time. 

As I breathed in the nitrous oxide, my ears seemed to dim the noise around me. My body turned inward and all sensation was focused on what I was inhaling. The world seemed to vibrate against me as I held my breath. Letting it go was slightly orgasmic. I moaned as I allowed myself to breathe again. 

Derek took the balloon from me and passed it to Ryan. I could hear him going through the ritual as I lay back on Derek's pillow, eyes closed. The ecstasy was definitely kicking in. Everything tingled. Every neuron and synapse I had in my body was firing and saying, hey, we're here, pay attention to us. My breasts ached, my pussy ached, my mind ached. I licked my lips as I heard Derek take his turn with the balloon. Everything felt like it was taking hours, but it was mere minutes. My legs clenched together tightly, as I felt Derek touch my leg, indicating it was my turn. 

I caught his eye as I sat up. He watched intently as I pulled the balloon to my lips, sucking in the gas. I leaned back again as my thoughts swirled so quickly I was unable to catch them. Everything seemed a dream. I exhaled slowly, thinking I felt a hand on my leg. Lifting my head slightly from the pillow, I could see that Derek had rolled his chair directly next to the bed. His hand was on my calf. Everything appeared to be moving in slow motion. He was still watching me. His hand moved up towards my thigh as he got out of the chair. He joined me on the bed, spreading my legs with his knees. His touch was like a vibration, setting my hair on end. I continued to watch Derek, unsure of what I should do. Not wanting to stop him because it felt so good, not sure what it would mean for our friendship if I didn't. 

His hands explored over my shorts and tank top, running along the contours of my body until he found my arms. He pinned them to the bed, his face inches from mine as he stared into my eyes. He kissed me, hungrily, greedily, and I decided there was no reason to hold back. With my eyes closed, his hands and mouth against mine, I had the feeling of falling through space and time. There was nothing but this moment of pleasure and the only thing worth doing was enjoying it. 

Derek pulled back, kneeling between my legs, pulling my arms so that I was seated before him. My desire to act was minimal, I wanted to be acted upon. He began lifting my tank up over my head, tossing it to the side. I unhooked my bra as I watched him. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a movement. I had forgotten that Ryan was on the other bed. His eyes met mine and he smiled. Each action seemed to encompass so many minutes, though I knew everything was happening just as quickly as it normally would. The lengthening of every second was only in my mind. 

As I continued watching Ryan, I felt Derek's hands on the button of my shorts. I lifted my hips, allowing him to slide them off, along with my panties. Derek stood at the end of the bed, stripping his clothes off. I watched him, feeling removed from his actions, like watching a stranger strip. The idea turned me on further, and knowing that Ryan was watching all of it only increased my pleasure. 

Derek, naked, retrieved the balloon and another canister. The hiss of the emptying pellet filled my head. He handed me the orb and I sucked the nitrous, feeling the light-headed release. I fell backwards towards the bed, a feather floating back down to earth. My back arched as I released the gas from my lungs. The music alternated between high and low frequencies in my ears, and I could barely hold in my moans. When I opened my eyes, Derek was still standing next to me, watching the pleasure that the gas alone had brought me. His dick was hard in his hands. I couldn't help but stare and wonder what it would feel like in my hand, in my mouth, in my pussy. The words didn't formulate in my mind, but the flashing images were stories of their own.

His eyes stayed on mine as he returned to his position between my legs. His tongue delved into my mouth as his hands began exploring my body. Each touch left a lingering trail of pleasure that almost felt tangible. Every pinch radiated outward in waves. Whereas a caress would generally end once a hand is removed, now it continued on it's own; seismic ripples causing my body to writhe beneath Derek's weight. If you'd asked me where his hands were at any given moment, I wouldn't be able to tell you. They felt like they were everywhere: fingers coursing down my neck, groping my breasts, pinching my nipples, nails scratching down my rib cage and up my inner thighs. Every sensation was delicious and melted into every other sensation.

I shivered as Derek's hot breath hit my neck. He began to kiss his way down my neck, alternating licks and nips throughout, causing me to gasp in surprise. He took my nipple in his mouth and sucked on it hard until a small yelp of pain escaped my lips. It was a tantalizing pain, small electric shocks coursing through my breast while his mouth moved on to the other breast. He placed his hands beneath my ass, licking down my stomach. I watched as he sank between my legs, his breath heating me up further. Things I wouldn't notice normally came to the fore: the slight scratching from Derek's beard against my thigh, the pressure of his hands beneath me, his fingernails grazing my skin, the sheets shifting, the slight sway of the bed. The sensations existed in my mind without words and were comprehended and enjoyed without the need to define them.

My moans seemed to echo in my ear, entwined with the music. It took me a moment to realize they were coming from me and not the laptop. Derek's tongue began dancing against my clit and my back arched in pleasure. I opened my eyes as I gasped for air and saw Ryan, sitting on his bed, stroking himself. Our eyes met briefly before another surge coursed through my body, forcing me to close my eyes. The sensations were so overwhelming, it felt like I needed to shut one off in order to enjoy the others. Closing my eyes was the easiest way to deal with the onslaught. 

I found it impossible to stay still. Derek flicked my clit with his tongue and my body writhed in response. I ran my hands over my breasts and down my ribs and the flesh beneath tingled. I placed a finger in my mouth, needing something to suck on. My other hand continued to graze my flesh, pinching my nipples and running over the ridges of my ribs. Without warning, I felt Derek's fingers slip inside me. The gasp reverberated on my lips before filling the air. He circled my clit with his tongue as his fingers slowly fucked me. 

I sensed Ryan's shadow before I noticed him. He stood next to me, full balloon in hand, naked. I hadn't heard him approach or strip. Derek's touch had momentarily deafened the room around me. Ryan held the balloon to my lips. I could feel the roughness of his fingers as he allowed the gas to escape into my mouth. I breathed it in, watching him. Derek quickened his pace as my body shook from the gas. My moans filled the room again as I exhaled. Ryan placed his finger in my mouth and I sucked on it greedily. My back arched, wanting to feel even more.

Ryan caressed my breast with one hand as he added another finger to my mouth. Derek's hands slipped under my ass, keeping me from writhing too much beneath his attentive tongue. Ryan removed his fingers from my mouth and wrapped them around his cock. My saliva glistened on his skin as he brought his dick to my lips. 

I slowly licked the tip, circling my tongue around it, then grabbed his cock to bring it into my mouth. Feeling his flesh in my hand was empowering. My mouth swelled around him as I worked my tongue up and down his shaft. My thoughts turned to the pleasure I could give him as I focused on the head, my hand pumping his shaft. I looked up at him to find his eyes closed. I continued my rhythm working down his shaft, my tongue tracing patterns on his cock, flicking him, teasing him, as Derek began thrusting his fingers into me again. 

Ryan's dick muffled my moans. My sounds excited him. He tangled his fingers in my hair and stripped my control from me, moving my head at the pace he desired. Suddenly, I felt Derek's nails running down my thighs and I let out a loud gasp, letting Ryan's cock fall from my mouth. I looked up to see Derek repositioning himself. I tilted my hips to meet him as he thrust into me. My gasp echoed in the room as I closed my eyes, my arms flying above my head to grab the mattress and steady myself. Derek grabbed my chin, bringing his mouth to mine. His hand traveled down my neck, slightly gripping my throat as he kissed me passionately. He released my neck and pinned my arms to the bed, allowing Ryan to place his dick against my lips again. 

With his hand tangled in my hair, Ryan guided me along his cock. I don't know how long we stayed that way; all motion and sound blurred together into one life rhythm. I'd fantasized about a threesome before and through the ecstasy haze it still seemed a fantasy, something I was dreaming up in my euphoria. 

Derek released my arms and pulled out of me. I began exploring Ryan with my hands, running my nails along his thighs, cupping his balls. I could hear Derek somewhere in the room, opening another canister. I focused all my attention on Ryan as his hands tweaked my nipples. I decided to reposition myself, and got on all fours in front of him. I guided his cock back into my mouth as his hands ran over my back. I wanted to feel him come so badly and it felt like he sensed it. As I ran my tongue along his shaft, tensing my mouth around his member, he ran a hand below my chin and slowed me down. I looked up to see him watching me and saw Derek standing by the foot of the bed watching us. Feeling like I was putting on a show was a high of its own. 

Ryan took the opportunity to lay on the bed, moving me to the side. I straddled him, biting my lip as I guided his cock into me. It felt good to be in control of my own pleasure again as I slowly ground my hips against Ryan's. My fingers ran over his chest, tingling as they rustled through his hair. As I ran them over his arms, I felt imbued with his strength. I wanted to take it and make it mine. I leaned forward, my breasts against his chest, and kissed him. I'd never had feelings for Derek, but Ryan had always been a possibility. The potential repercussions from our actions didn't cross my mind as our tongues swirled around each other. I just wanted to please and be pleased.

Ryan placed a hand in my hair, pulling me in deeper as his other hand cupped my ass. He started to take control over me again, his hand encouraging my rhythm as he continued to kiss me deeply. With my eyes closed, I was floating in space again, swimming by supernovas. The sounds dissipated and the heat emanating from his body flowed into mine. The distinct crack of another capsule brought me back to the room. Derek turned my head, breaking my kiss with Ryan, and placed the balloon to my lips. I sucked in the gas, closed my eyes; my body arched back as I tried to hold it in. Ryan placed both his hands on my hips, forcing my down hard on his cock as he thrust into me. My eyes shot wide open as I gasped quietly, still trying to hold the gas in.

Derek kissed me as Ryan continued to thrust into me. His hands ran down over my breast, teasing my flesh. Four hands caressed my skin and I could've sworn there were eight. Derek walked away, leaving me feeling his absence. I needed him to touch me more. Ryan didn't hesitate to use Derek's disappearance to his advantage. He pulled me forward and I could taste the sweetness of his breath as he kissed me. Suddenly,Derek's hands were on my back. I jumped slightly, surprised to feel him there. My back has always been sensitive and was even more so now as he ran his fingers lightly before digging in. His hands found their way down to my ass. I gasped as he squirted what must've been lube between my cheeks, the cool liquid a sharp contrast to the heat of our bodies. Derek began massaging the lube into my ass, slowly working a finger inside me as Ryan continued to control my hips. Ryan slowed down as he became aware of what Derek was up to. 

Slowly they worked out their rhythm so that they pumped into me simultaneously and pulled out together. Ryan began fingering my clit as Derek continued to work his finger in deeper. I moaned loudly as he added another finger. The sound bounced off the walls, encircling us. I couldn't stop, any control I had had been overrun and I was at their mercy. My guttural moans were a reflex of their actions, as were my movements. 

Their hands simultaneously pulled and pushed until Ryan grabbed my neck, bringing my mouth down to his. Derek removed his fingers from my ass. Ryan stopped thrusting, allowing Derek to push into me slowly. The gasp caught in my throat as I finally felt both of them in me at once. I continued kissing Ryan as they worked in tandem. Derek's hands ran up my back, grabbing my shoulders. Ryan kept his hold on my neck as I sucked his tongue into my mouth.

I felt at everyone's mercy. The ecstasy controlled my mind, and Derek and Ryan controlled my body. The movement between their bodies made me feel like I was on an ocean, swaying up and down. The moans and grunts coming from my mouth fell muffled into Ryan's mouth, so that only the orchestra of flesh on flesh harmonized with the music. I felt full, engaged completely on every level, my body stretched to it's limits, my mind floating on a cloud visually integrating my experiences without verbal interruption. I could picture the the three of us from various angles, deducing how it might appear from the sensations on my skin. Knowing where Derek was without seeing, knowing how his body was positioned only by his flesh on mine. The sense of closeness was magnified as if we were one organism working in tandem.

I'd had anal sex before, but this was my first threesome. It had been a long time fantasy and it's excitement was heightened by the ecstasy. I could feel my body gripping both their cocks as they pumped against me. Each time they withdrew, my body ached to pull them back in, clenching, trying to keep them within me. My tongue tingled as each taste bud vibrated against Ryan's tongue, my skin felt the slight roughness of their hands on my flesh.

Ryan moved his hand from my neck. Derek must've seen because instantly his hand was in my hair, pulling back. My body followed, coming to rest against his chest. Ryan's hands ran up my stomach, up to my breasts, as Derek twisted my hair around his hand, kissing my neck. My moans filled the room again, along with Ryan's grunts as he began to pick up speed. Derek followed suit as he pulled my hair to one side, forcing my head to turn. He kissed me passionately as his other arm wrapped around my waist, holding me still against his body as he and Ryan continued thrusting in unison. 

Without warning, he removed his hand from my hair and pushed on my back, lowering me back down onto Ryan. He pulled out completely. The emptiness was momentarily startling. His cum landed on my back and ass, hot against my skin. 

My mouth found Ryan's again and I fell back into him, sinking into nothing and everything. Ryan slowed down and began teasing me with his dick. With his hands on my hips he would hold me up, just the tip lingering in my pussy, before bringing me down again. I whimpered into his mouth. A nudge on my shoulder brought me back to the frat room as Derek held out the balloon to me. Ryan held my chin as Derek let the gas leak into my mouth. When the balloon was empty, Ryan pulled my mouth to his and I exhaled the gas. My body shook as it left and I pressed myself against him harder. Ryan turned his head to the side, exhaling the remnants, then surprised me by flipping me over onto my back. 

I watched him as he hovered over me, eyes on mine, slowly thrusting into me. I tried to control my breathing, lengthening each breath. Ryan ran his hand over my head, trailed it along my cheek, before tracing my lips. I licked at his fingers, feeling the ridges of his fingertips against my tongue. He continued down my neck, between my breasts, then leaned forward to kiss me again. I wrapped my arms around him, keeping him close, as my nails dug into his back. His long, slow thrusts seemed to fill me so deep I thought I was going to burst. This was oneness, the ebb and flow of bodies in unison. Every part of him that touch me sank in below my skin so that we combined on a cellular level. My mind showed me our bodies engaged in different positions, different places, as my body focused on his touch. 

I raised my arms above my head and lifted my hips towards his. He pinned them to the bed, and broke our kiss. He took my nipple in his mouth, slowly teasing it with his tongue before sucking so hard I gasped. My body arched against his. My skin tingled all over in excitement, the sensation of pins and needles overtaking me. I had no concept of time and how long it had been since we took the pills. My mind travelled weeks in advance and backward, my body felt tired and vibrant simultaneously. 
