 Ever have those neighbors? The ones that seem not quite right for each other, she's pretty hot, he's a good guy but you just know your cock would fit so good between her legs. You can close your eyes, picture her naked body beneath you, your cock sliding so strongly into her body, her face clenched, her mouth wide open, head thrown back, just on the verge of screaming your name, praising your cock, begging for it, to fuck her so hard and make her cum again and again that you chub when the thoughts of her cross your mind.

Well, I have had those neighbors for the past 3-years now. Chris, my wife has gotten to be very good friends with Joan. Joan is substantially smaller than my wife, standing about 5'5", weighing only 115 pounds. She is small breasted, working out often at the club with Chris. Her husband Ed works in an office, and his body reflects that. At 6'1", he weighs a chubby 225 pounds. Ed and I chat often, play some hoops at the local recreation center, some golf, and even bat the ball around on the tennis court. We play cards as a couple, have barbeques, and spend time together like any neighbors. They come over with their kids during the summer months to enjoy our pool. 

A quick description will help. I am large. Standing 6'6" tall, 54-inch chest, 40-inch waist. I regularly work out, run 6-days per week, and maintain my weight at 245 lbs. Chris is my lust, standing 6'1", a lithe chiseled 165 lbs, 36-B breasts, with legs and an ass that will melt your heart, she enters and competes in many regional body building competitions. Most important to me, she is a gifted athlete, with a competitive fire unsurpassed in many ladies. We have been married for 29-years.

Chris and I have our secrets, we have on occasion had extra curricular sexual adventures. These have been very discrete, and satisfying. Both of us have voracious sexual drives, demanding and needing sex on a very regular basis. We have never had relationships without the other knowing or approving.

I have noticed the looks Joan gives my wife on numerous occasions while we swim or relax around the pool. Even Chris has noticed, and purposefully played on occasion, providing a glimpse of her body in various ways. Chris will caress of a hardened nipple, provide a wide legged pose while getting up or sitting on the lounge chair. Joan has noticed, her eyes diverting quickly to watch Chris, followed by a demure smile. On several occasions, Chris has played with me while I eat her cleanly shaven cunt, calling me Joan, telling me how she would love Joan's soft lips licking sucking her cunt, how she enjoys a female tongue once in awhile. She has got off while calling Joan's name. While giving me head, she will ask if I want Joan, telling me to close my eyes, see Joan sucking my cock head into her mouth as she licks the eye, followed quickly by slamming my cock deep into her throat. I do believe Joan has become a target for us. With summer here, we will have many occasions to see her around the pool.

And this morning, first day for the pool, Chris has told me she plans on seducing her, showing her her body, taking a commanding role in getting into her bed. This has not helped me either. Already daily, I want to walk over there, throw Joan down on the floor just inside their door, pull her shorts down, rip her panties from her body, push her legs wide, slide my hands down her open thighs, allow my thumbs to stroke along her slit, pulling the lips open to expose her clit. Instantly, her clit engorges, her juices come from nowhere to coat her lips as I lower my mouth, sucking her clit between my teeth, grabbing it firmly, and thrashing her hard, mashing the sensitive nub between my teeth. I want to hear her scream my name, curse me as her voice changes, growing almost silent as her hips lurch to me offering her exposed cunt to my mouth. I want to look in her face, see her wild eyes searching, wide, losing focus as I chew on her clit, pushing the first of my fingers into her hole. 

But I am getting ahead of my self. She's a mom, two small kids, one only months old. I bet her tits are still full of milk, lactating, her nipples very sensitive. My mind regresses.

I remember 2-years back, about 3am in the morning, glancing into their bedroom across the fence from our guest bedroom, to see her rocking her baby boy attached to her tit, sucking for his breakfast. I stood in the darkness, watching her, my cock growing hard. As she finished, she pulled the baby up to her shoulder to burp the kid as many a parent will do. Surprisingly, she left the tit free. In just a moment, Ed kneeled beside her, leaned in, and sucked the tit into his mouth. Wrapping his fingers around the flesh, he pulled the tit up, his cheeks hallowed by the sucking. He was drinking her milk, his baby's milk. Seconds passed, my cock chubbed in my boxers. I reached to stroke it, watching them in the darkness. With his mouth firmly planted on the exposed tit, Joan pulled the robe open, exposing the remaining tit. Cupping it, she offered it to Ed, her finger rolling over the nipple. This tit looked full. Ed moved very quickly, taking the engorged puffy nipple into his mouth, his lips clamping on her flesh. I looked to Joan's face, a soft smile crossed her lips as she caressed his face gently. Minutes passed, Ed nursed.

Fuck my cock was hard. I had never thought about sucking a lactating tit. I wondered if Joan's cunt throbbed, if anything sexual burned between her legs. Ed disappeared from view, Joan handing the baby to him. For the next minute or two, Joan caressed her tits, rolling the nipples gently between her fingers. Ed reappeared, dropped between her legs, opened her robe and kneeled between her open legs. The window sill was too high for my viewing, but I could see the top of his head. Her fingers laced into his locks, pulling his head tighter to her. Her head thrown back, she writhed softly, her face growing more contorted, more clenched as her orgasm approached. I could read her lips as she screamed "I'm cumming". Ed continued for several more minutes. Joan's breathing seemed to return to normal.

What happened next still is burned in my brain. Ed stood, moved to the side of the rocking chair, pulled out his hard cock, and stepped to Joan. She opened her mouth, grabbed his hip, and pulled him to her. His cock slid into her open mouth. I watched mesmerized as she took his entire length, her mouth flush against his body. I noted how easily she accomplished this, wishing it was my cock sliding so easily into her mouth. My wife always had a hard time getting my cock completely into her mouth. As Ed pulled back, I looked to see if I could tell if he was big or not. Joan's hand wrapped around the shaft, flush against his body. Clearly, the head extended beyond her palm. If her hand was 4-inches across, he must be about 7-inches. Not bad, but not as big as mine. Her hand wrapped easily around the shaft, telling me he was not too thick. God I wanted to shove my cock into her face, to give her my man meat. 

His hands grabbed the back of her head, pulling her hard to his body. Humping, he fucked her face, exploding into her mouth. Joan swallowed every drop. I was impressed. My cock exploded, starting to shoot cum everywhere. I covered the head, catching my blasts in my palm. God I was horny at that time.

A deep breath taken, an adjustment to my package, I jumped back to the present. With my mind returning to the moment, I headed off to the kitchen to talk with Chris. "Morning babe," I called, entering the kitchen. 'I so love Saturday mornings," I continued. Chris was fixing breakfast, dressed in her cotton pj shorts and top. I walked to her, pulling my body flush to her backside. I saddled against her, twisting my hips playfully. "God I would love to stick my cock into your very wet cunt," I whispered hoarsely.

"I bet you would," she laughed. "Would you mind if I had my face buried in Joan's cunt while you did that?" she continued. My mind flashed a quick picture. "She's coming over today for a swim this morning," Chris informed me. "Today's the day," she finished.

"Really," I voiced. "Remember, I will be here all day today. Do you think she will be nervous?" I asked.

"Honey, I am hoping to get you involved," she turned to me, wrapped her arms around my neck, and kissed me passionately. "I want your monstrous cock buried balls deep in her little tiny body, slamming her backside hard while she eats my cunt," she breathed huskily. "God I fucking horny just thinking about her," she grunted as I humped to her body. "Baby, I want Ed to join us sometime as well," she said, her eyes searching mine.

"Baby, you know I don't do guys," I stated. "Bet he doesn't either," I continued. 

"He's so quiet, I hope he wants to watch his wife get fucked by another guy," Chris whispered. "Imagine, fucking her cunt hard, slamming her butt hard, your hips slapping against her flesh, noises filling the room, driving every inch of your cock into her pussy while he licks her clit. Your balls would slap his forehead, he could see your wet, slippery, huge cock slide in and out of her," her voice trailed off as I shoved my hand to her cunt. I pushed my fingers into her slit, pushing the material against her clit. "Fuck me baby! Fuck me now!" she grunted. I pondered that thought. What if my cock slipped from Joan's cunt, pushing to Ed's lips as he chewed on her clit. Would I push it down his throat? Coated with his wife's juices? I guess there is a first time for that! I pictured her clit sliding along my cock as it slipped deep into his mouth and throat. Joan's body shuddered, knowing what he was doing. She dived for his cock, taking it completely down her throat. Nice thought anyway.

My cock grew instantly. I pulled Chris's pj's off, dropped my shorts, lifted her body to my hips, fisting my cock to find her soaked hole. Wrapping her legs around my hips, my cock slid into her body. With my hands lifting her ass up and down, I plunged my cock into her body.

"Oh fuck baby," she breathed. "I want Joan to suck your cum from my cunt baby," she whispered. "You could fill her cunt," she groaned. "I want to pull her face deep, shove my cunt hard to her mouth," she groaned again. "Fuck make her cum, fuck her hard," she almost screamed, her legs clamping around my waist hard as her orgasm raced through her body. I pinned her against the wall as I slammed my cock in and out of her cunt. Every fiber of my strength slammed my wife, pumping her cunt hard. Flexing, I humped my ass down slightly, arched to her, driving my hips upwards, I exploded, shooting rope after rope of cum deep into her body. My knees almost buckled as my orgasm slowed.

"Oh fuck woman," I groaned deeply.

"Thanks baby," her voice grinned. Her cunt clenched, squeezing, milking my cock. She growled deeply, vibrating her body to the core. "Oh fuck yes," she whispered. "God I love fucking you," she groaned. "You be ready to do this again is several hours," she ordered.

"Yes dear," I groaned, shoving a deflating cock upwards once more. Reluctantly, I let her slide down slightly until her feet reached the floor. I leaned to pull my shorts up. As she turned to grab her pj's, I swatted her butt playfully. As she looked around her leg to glare at me, I leaned to her ass, my tongue extended, licking playfully down her crack. Grabbing her cheeks, I moved quickly to her asshole, my tongue probing, licking around her tight ring. Her hips swayed, pushed back as I pressed firmly to her asshole. I groaned deeply.

"Not now baby, you can have my ass later," she growled between her clenched teeth. Her hips dipped up and down, letting my tongue just barely touch her cunt. She stood, moving away, turning to me. Her hand grabbed my chin, pulling me up. "Kiss me," she instructed. I kissed her softly, tenderly. Moment over. "Joan will be here about 10:30 am," she informed me.

We had a leisurely breakfast. I headed to my home office to get my day started. I glanced to the clock. 8:20 am, two fucking hours till Joan stops by. I had plenty of work to do, readying a new project package for submittal to my lender. The time raced by.

"We're going out to the pool," Chris called down the hallway to my office. "Take a few minutes, come join us," she continued.

"OK babe," I called back. I quickly finished the executive summary cover letter for my lender and headed out to the pool.

Both ladies glistened as water drops covered their bodies. I glanced to Chris, noting her hard nipples protruding in her suit. Catching me staring, she pushed her palm across her tit, a grin creasing your mouth. I glanced to Joan, seeing her staring at Chris as well. Her glance quickly turned to me. I just shrugged my shoulders. "What can I do," I said to Joan.

"Joan, will you put oil on my back?" Chris asked. Half turning, Chris untied her swimsuit top, letting it fall to the side of her lounge chair. "That's so much better," she leaned, whispering to Joan. Joan stared to Chris's exposed tits.

"They're perfect," Joan whispered. She moved quickly to sit beside Chris's hip on the lounge chair as Chris dropped to her stomach, propping her arms under her face. Joan squirted a glob of sunscreen in the middle of Chris's back. Her small hands quickly spread a thin layer of cream all over her back and shoulders. Chris rocked her body back and forth, groaning softly as Joan applied the sunscreen to her body. As Joan's hands reached down her sides, Chris rocked, allowing more tit to be available for Joan's touch. Joan looked to me sitting beside them. I smiled, trying to hide my growing erection. Joan smiled, pushing her fingers along the side of Chris's tit. Her focus narrowed, her hand repeatedly caressing the side of Chris's tit. Chris rolled to her side facing Joan. Joan hesitated, looking to Chris's hard, puffy nipple.

"Touch it Joan," Chris whispered. Joan grabbed her towel, drying the sunscreen from her fingers. Looking to Chris, her hand moved slowly, deliberately toward her tit. She glanced to me, my hardon evident in my tented shorts. Her eyes diverted quickly as her fingers felt the curvature of her breast. Her index finger caressed over the hard nipple, flattening it against Chris's flesh. Stopping, she lifted her finger, allowing the fingertip to roll around the nipple, her nail raking the skin. Chris arched to her, pushing her tit toward Joan. 

"Fuck yes Joan," Chris whispered. Almost to her back, Chris reached to Joan, her fingers sliding into her hair, pulling her forward slowly. "Suck it Joan! Suck my nipple baby," she growled. Chris pulled her down, her mouth clamping on her tit flesh, sucking her nipple into her mouth. "Yes baby," whispered Chris. "Bite it baby. Bite my nipples," she groaned as she pulled Joan's mouth to the other tit. Now flat on her back, I thought the chair would collapse. I watched as Joan licked, sucked, kissed, nibbled and traversed from tit to tit. Her movements grew more urgent, her breathing growing more ragged. Chris moved to the center of the lounge chair, pushing Joan off. Quickly, Joan moved to Chris, moving over her, straddling her right leg. Her hips dropped, her mound flattened to Chris's thigh. As she sucked Chris's tits, her hips humped up and down, driving her clit to Chris's thigh. Chris reached between them, her hand sliding between their bodies. I could not tell if she pushed into her bikini bottoms, or remained on the outside of her suit. Joan groaned deeply, her body shuddering.

"Oh fuck baby, let's take this upstairs," Chris groaned. "Now!" she emphasized. Pushing Joan away, Chris leaned to Joan, kissing her quickly on the mouth. "I'm going to so fuck you blind," she growled. "Baby, follow us upstairs," she instructed me. Taking Joan's hand, Chris briskly led our new toy inside the house. I sat for just an instant, reaching to adjust my cock. Rising, I walked quickly to the door, following up the stairs just seconds behind them.

"God yes baby," grunted Chris as I entered the bedroom. Kneeling between Chris's legs, Chris had Joan's face buried between her thighs, her fingers laced in Joan's hair, pulling hard, driving her mouth deep into her cunt. Joan sucked ravenously, twisting her face back and forth with Chris's assistance. Her mouth locked firmly on her clit, Chris's lips coated her cheeks with her juices. "Oh shit Baby, she has done this before," Chris growled, looking to me. "Strip her clothes off," Chris commanded. Joan groaned deeply, pulling her mouth lower. Based on her movements, I thought she was shoving her tongue into my wife's cunt, lapping at her hole. "I'm going to cum on your face," Chris groaned. "Yes sweetie, make me cum," she droned, her head thrown back, her eyes clenched shut. "Oh fuck make me cum," she continued. "Bite me, suck my clit," she growled, humping her hips to Joan's mouth. 

I moved quickly, literally lifting Joan's ass, causing her to stand, bent at the waist, her mouth clamped firmly to Chris's cunt. Grabbing her bikini, I pulled it down to her ankles. Framed, her cunt glistened, her lips puffy, engorged, enticing. I grabbed her butt, leaning quickly to run my tongue into her crack, spreading her ass to give me access to her moist cunt. Pushing my mouth hard to her, I shoved my tongue into her wet hole. Her hips arched, her feet moved to open slightly as she squirmed on my mouth. I reamed her cunt, licking, sucking, jamming my tongue into her body. My hand slid up her thigh, cupping her ass as my thumb rotated around her cunt. Shoving quickly, I pushed my thumb completely into her cunt. She humped up and down quickly, grinding back to me. I pumped in and out of her soaked cunt as she lapped my wife.

"Fuck her," Chris commanded. "Stick your big fucking cock in her cunt baby," she continued. "I'm so fucking close to cumming," she groaned. "Yes baby, make me cum," she growled deeper. Her breathing was ragged, shallow. "Hurry honey! Shove your cock in her while I cum," she groaned, her voice trailing off. I dropped my shorts, stepped behind her, bent my knees to lower my cock to her height, and saddled to her. "You ready Joan?" Chris asked. "You ready," she voice halted. I fisted my cock to her wet hole, grabbed her hips, and pulled my body to her, pushing several inches of my cock into her tight cunt. 

"Oh shit," screamed Joan, pushing back from Chris's cunt. "God damn," she groaned as I pulled tighter to her.

"Eat me," screamed Chris. "Make me cum," she groaned. Her eyes flashed. "Fuck her hard, make her scream into my cunt," Chris commanded me. I thrust hard to her, driving her petite body forward, impaling her on my massive cock. As anticipated, she screamed into Chris's cunt. I pulled back, thrust forward again, driving her hard to Chris's clit. Chris mashed her mouth to her body, dropped her chin to her chest. Her body flexed, her orgasm ripped through her taut body. "Oh fuck yes," screamed Chris, her hips flailing up and down against Joan's mouth. I slammed repeatedly into Joan, hammering her petite body hard. My hips slapped her ass, driving my cock into her body. Pulling back, I watched my juice coated cock stretch her tight lips, hesitated, and slammed deep again. With each thrust, Joan's screamed into Chris's cunt, my hips slapped her butt, filling the room with screams, flesh on flesh, and juice coated noises. My balls erupted instantly. I pulled my body tight against Joan's ass, pulling her savagely to me, driving every inch of cock I could into her body. My cock spit glob after glob of cum into her cunt, flexing, spitting, humping, flexing, spitting, and driving deep. My legs quivered as Joan bounced against me. I glanced at Chris, Joan had fingers buried in her wet cunt, her lips biting, pulling, sucking her clit hard. Reaching around Joan, I slid my hand between her legs, mashed her clit back and forth. In seconds, her body became rigid, exploding into convulsions as her orgasm ripped through her body. I slowed my assault, letting my fingers slowly caress her clit as I drove my deflated cock into her soaked cunt. Joan lightly licked Chris's cunt, purring with each lick, each probe of her open cunt.
