 I watched Chris and Joan lap at each other's cunt for several minutes before hearing the front door slam. "Up here Ed," I hollered. 

"Hello," Ed called back. "Should I come up?" Ed yelled, his voice filled with questions?

"Trust me Ed, you want to be here," I hollered back. "Hurry buddy," I finished. In mere seconds, Ed bounded into the room, stopping in mid stride. As he glanced to the bed, Joan lifted her head, looking to her husband. Chris's wet, open cunt gaped beneath Joan's chin. Her flesh glistened, her juices evident.

"Honey," Joan said, somewhat startled. She said nothing else, licked her lips, and dropped again to the cunt propped up for her mouth. Groaning loudly, she stuck her tongue into Chris's cunt. Bobbing, she jammed her tongue deep into Chris's wet hole, thrashing her in the process. Ed grabbed his cock, standing rigid in his shorts. He glanced to me. Shrugging, I just grinned. 

"She wants your cock," I told Ed. "Go shove it in Chris's cunt while your wife sucks her clit," I ordered. Ed moved quickly, shoving his shorts down, knee walking up the bed between Chris's legs. Fisting his cock, he slapped it to the side of Joan's cheek. Rising, Joan found Ed's cock beside her mouth. Her tongue extended, licked the head. Her mouth closed over the head, biting down gently. Ed's hips thrust forward, jamming his cock into her mouth.  Pulling off, Joan grabbed his cock, swiped the head up and down Chris's slit, coating his cock with her juices. Aiming his cock to her wet hole, Ed shoved forward, shoving his cock balls deep in his initial thrust. Joan's head twisted to the side, her mouth settled on Chris's mound, her tongue reaching to flick Chris's clit back and forth. 

"Oh fuck," screamed Chris. "Oh god yes, fuck me hard," Chris groaned. Ed grabbed Joan's head, shoving her mouth down into Chris's cunt as his cock pulled back.

"Lick my cock," he ordered her. "Taste her juices on my cock," he groaned. Joan pulled down on Chris's legs, lifting her ass higher, getting closer to Ed's cock as he plunged in and out of Chris's cunt. As he plunged in, Joan grabbed Chris's clit, nipping, tugging, and as he pulled back, her tongue slid along his cock, licking her juices. Pulling out, Ed shoved his cock to her mouth. Without hesitating, she reached around his butt, pulled him to her, driving his cock completely into her mouth and throat. Ed groaned loudly.

"Fuck me," commanded Chris. "Cum in my pussy, fill me with your cream," screamed Chris, her hips flailing up and down. Ed pulled back, grabbed her ankles as Joan shoved his cock to her hole. Grunting loudly, Ed shoved his body to Chris, his hips smacking her flesh hard. The flesh on flesh pop filled the room. Chris grabbed Joan's ass, pulling her mouth deep into Joan's cunt. Chewing wildly, Chris thrashed Joan's cunt, tugging hard at her small clit, biting, tugging, and flicking her clit back and forth quickly. Joan's hips tilted down, smothering Chris under her cunt. Flexing, her body erupted in orgasm. As she screamed, Ed thrust hard, grinding his body to Chris's cunt. I could see Ed's orgasm start, his body growing rigid, butt flexing, driving hard to Chris's body. Grinding to her, his body convulsed as his balls shot his load deep in her cunt. "Fuck yes," screamed Chris. "Oh fuck! Fill me!" she groaned as he hammered her, shooting rope after rope in her insatiable cunt. Pulling back, Ed shoved Joan's mouth to Chris's cunt. 

"Suck my cum from her cunt baby," Ed commanded. Joan lapped Chris, sucking her hard. Her tongue danced over her soaked cunt.

As their orgasms passed, they collectively grew limp. My cock stood rigid again. "Joan, on your hands and knees," I said, standing quickly. "Go sit there," I told Ed, pointing to my chair. "I want you doggy, bring me your butt," I told Joan. I pulled Joan to me, letting Ed get a side view of his wife getting fucked. Grabbing her hips, I saddled to her, fisting my cock to her soaked hole. "Listen to her scream," I told Ed, stroking my cock several times. I pushed into her body, thrusting almost savagely. I hesitated, pulled back, and slammed forward again. More cock slid into her body.  "Oh fuck," screamed Joan. "Jesus fucking Christ," she wailed as I thrust forward hard, pulling hard on her hip bones, slamming my hips to her ass. My flesh slapped her ass hard, the smack ripping through the silence of the air. I started piston like thrusts, slamming my cock hard to her. With each thrust, each deep penetration, Joan wailed, groaning, grunting, thrusting her hips to me, capturing my invading cock. Pulling her face to the bed, her hips accepted my thrusts, my dominance of her body.

"God damn Ed," she growled. "Come suck my clit! Bring me your cock," she groaned. Ed hesitated. "Now!" commanded Joan. Ed scrambled, sliding quickly under her. I continued to pound her cunt, slamming my cock deep. Joan dived down Ed's cock, sucking his entire shaft into her mouth. His hips lifted, driving upwards to her. I could feel Joan shudder as Ed clamped over her clit. Her body quivered, thrusting first up to receive my thrust and penetration, then down to mash her clit on his mouth. I lost all cognizant thought. I wanted to rip her in half, drive my cock so deep in her body that our bodies would join. I fucked her savagely, pounding her, hammering her flesh. Her screams were muffled by Ed's cock. Her head bobbed furiously to inhale his cock, bringing life to the flaccid flesh. 

I watched my cock slide from her tight cunt. Coated with her juices, the veins protruding along the sides, my cock looked horse sized plunging into her small body. Clenching my jaw, I pulled back to slam into her again. At that instant, Joan dropped her hips, my thrust missed her hole, sliding along her slit. The head jammed against Ed's mouth. I froze, pulling back quickly.

"Take it Ed, take his cock into your mouth," Chris commanded. "Suck him, let him shove his juice covered cock into your mouth," Chris whispered, talking directly to Ed. "I'll share your cock with Joan," Chris coaxed.

I thrust forward again, wanting to shove my cock into his mouth, letting him taste Joan's juices from my engorged cock. The head popped into his mouth. His teeth clamped down firmly, refusing to allow my cock from going deeper. I ground my hips to Joan. Chris moved quickly, pulling Ed's cock from Joan's mouth, engulfing him quickly. Four hands grabbed his cock, his balls as the women almost fought to get his cock into their respective mouths. Ed's hips thrust upwards as Chris shoved her mouth down, impaling her face on his cock. My cock slipped from Ed's mouth, he again took Joan's clit firmly between his lips. I grabbed my cock, slid the head up her slit, found her wet, yearning hole, and slammed my body forward. With a savage thrust, my cock buried balls deep, grinding against her ass to deliver every inch into her pliant body. My body grew rigid, my cock expanded. Erupting, my balls squeezed my juices into my shaft, the muscles flexing to spit my cum deep into her waiting body. Spurt after spurt erupted from me, each slammed forward deep into her body. My orgasm raced through me, my cock growing limp quickly. 

Catching my breath, I moved to sit near the top of the bed. Ed's cock was rigid again, the women taking turns to share his cock. Chris was pumping Ed's cock, her fist wrapped tightly around the flesh.

"Joan, eat my pussy," Chris almost begged. "I need to cum," she groaned as Joan leaned to kiss her lightly on the lips. "Let Ed fuck you doggy," Chris breathed, moving quickly up to the center of the bed. "On your knees baby," Chris breathed. Joan moved lightning quick, her knees on the edge of the bed, her hands under and around Chris's thighs. Joan buried her face deep into her cunt, Chris's lips coating her cheeks, lapping, thrashing, licking from top to bottom.

Ed rolled from the bed and moved to watch Joan eat Chris's pussy. He stroked Joan's back gently, his cock standing to the ready. "Fuck me," Joan growled. "Shove your cock in me," she groaned deep in Chris's cunt. Ed moved behind Joan, his hands sliding over her rounded hips, down her ass. I could see his head tilt as an idea raced through his mind. Pulling his hands together, his thumbs slid slowly down Joan's backside. Penetrating along the crack, Ed spread her cheeks. Quickly, he kneeled behind her, his tongue licking along with his fingers. As he spread her cheeks, his tongue danced over her tight rose, licking, probing, and reaming her gently. Her butt wiggled, her knees widened. For the next several minutes, Ed licked, probed, teased, and licked her asshole.

I reached to the bed side lamp table, opened the drawer, and pulled a tube of KY from the drawer. I tapped his shoulder, handing the tube to him. Standing, he grinned my way. In seconds, he had the tube open, coated his cock, and was smearing some lube over Joan's asshole. Gently, playfully, he shoved a thumb into her ass, penetrating deeper with each thrust. Moments passed, Joan started pushing back to his thumb.

Ed threw the tube aside, moved behind his wife. Carefully, he aligned his cock, shoving slowly forward. Joan grew wild eyed, her hesitations in sucking Chris's cunt evident. As Ed shoved his cock into her ass, Joan attacked Chris, assaulting her cunt. Nipping, biting, sucking Chris's clit was her world as Ed fucked her backside. Ed's rhythm increased, soon pounding her ass, his cock completely buried in her bowels. Ed pounded her, repeatedly slamming her forward, driving her mouth to Chris's clit. 

"That's it baby, suck Chris's cunt while I fuck your beautiful ass," Ed groaned. "Cum for me, cum on my cock," he growled. Joan screamed into Chris's cunt repeatedly, growing incoherent. 

"Yes, suck my fucked pussy my little bitch! Eat your husbands cum from my cunt," grunted Chris. Her thoughts were lost, only cumming became important to her. "Fuck her hard, harder," screamed Chris over and over. Ed grinned, happy to slam his cock in and out of her ass. Ed grabbed Joan's hip bones, his fingers digging into her flesh as he pulled her savagely to him, pounding her butt repeatedly, slamming his body forward, his hips smacking against her hard. Grinding his hips, he raised to his tip toes, grinding his cock even deeper into her well fucked asshole. Teeth clenched, Ed pounded Joan's body unmercifully.

"That's it Baby, eat Chris's cunt, suck my cum from her cunt sweetie. Cum for me!" Ed shouted. "Cum for me Baby, suck her cunt!" he continued. His head dropped, his chin plastered to his chest. 

Chris grunted, her hips exploded from the bed, driving upwards against Joan's mouth. As her legs clamped around Joan's ears, her hips convulsed uncontrollably, pushing her cunt up and down Joan's eager mouth. Both women were screaming, groans emanating deep in their cores. I watched Joan carefully, noting she had her thumb buried in Chris's cunt, her index finger palm deep in her ass. As Ed thrust in and out of her, she pounded Chris with the same rhythm. Joan arched her back, growing rigid. In seconds, she erupted into her orgasm, her breathing growing smoother.

"Yes," Ed shouted, dropping his hips, thrusting forward once more. His butt flexed, his hips drove his cock deep. Pulling on Joan's hips, he burst into his orgasm. For several minutes, he pounded Joan, slamming against her, grinding his hips to her backside. As his orgasm passed, Ed pulled back, dropping to his knees behind her. Joan pushed forward, lying between Chris's legs. 

Spent, we pondered the moment. I somewhat expected this to get weird. "I wonder if I could tit fuck Joan? Or butt fuck Ed?" My mind screamed, looking from one to the other. My eyes crossed funny as I thought of his hairy butt taking my big cock. That was not going to happen. But then, I had never pushed my cock into a guy's mouth before either. I wonder? God I needed to cum! 

"Who wants my cock," I asked out loud. All heads turned to me. "Next," I muttered softly. I stoked my cock slowly, pulling the flesh, stroking back down as I stepped to them. 

"Bring it here," groaned Chris. "I need your cock baby, I need you so bad," she growled. "Fuck me hard!" Chris whispered, rolling over, scrambling to her knees. Her ass high, I stepped to her, fisting my cock. Taking one hip bone, I slid the head between her legs, lifting to find her wet hole. As the head slipped between her wet lips, the spongy head found her sex, the head nestled quickly to the opening. I pushed, the head sliding into her body. Reaching to her other hip, I pulled her back to me, shoving my cock into her body. The air rushed from her as her torso dropped to the bed, hands clenched in fabric, holding firmly, shoving her butt back to me. I pulled back, slammed forward again, driving my cock into her soaked cunt.

"Shit," I groaned. Her cunt muscles sucked my cock hard, pulling me, squeezing me as I pounded forward. Gripping me, her cunt refused to allow my retreat, her cunt impaled completely, grabbing, holding my cock firmly. Her body shuddered, her body screaming for orgasm.

"Fuck me hard baby," Chris groaned softly. I felt her brace herself, knowing I was about to drive my cock into her depths. Forcefully, I slammed forward, slapping my body to hers, driving hard to her flesh. I humped her, slammed her, and pounded my cock in and out of her soaked cunt.

"Ed, bring me your cock," Chris grunted. She reached toward Ed, his semi-hard cock twitching. Lightning quick, Ed scrambled in front of her, sliding his cock under her mouth. Grabbing him, her hand squeezed around his shaft, her mouth dropped, sucking the head between her lips. Without hesitating, she dropped, taking him completely into her mouth and throat. Ed's eyes grew wide, his hand grabbing a handful of hair, pushing her down his shaft. His hips lurched upwards, shoving his cock hard to her mouth. Fucking her mouth wildly, I thrust hard to her ass, driving my cock deep. All cognizant thought lost again, I fucked her hard, driving my cock in and out of her body, slamming her, pounding her hard. Her butt flexed, her hips exploding up and down with each thrust, taking my invader, pushing back for more. Her head bobbed, her slurping noises loud, filling my senses.

As I pushed back, I felt Joan grab my ass, spreading the cheeks. Her mouth open, her tongue explored my ass, her tongue probing my tight hole. Pressing hard, she tongued me, reaming my asshole over and over. My balls churned, my cock expanded, I exploded into orgasm, shooting spurt after spurt of cum into Chris's cunt. I could barely breathe as I pounded her, absorbing my orgasm throughout my body. Joan licked, sucked, and probed my ass with her soft tongue. 

Long since forgotten, I hard Ed scream, erupting into Chris's mouth, shooting his cum as he fucked her face. Minutes passed, our bodies exhausted, we collapsed on the bed. Chris lay between Ed's legs, softly, gently licking him, sucking him as I rolled to my back beside Ed. Joan pushed my legs wide, crawling between my thighs. Grabbing my flaccid cock, she lifted the meat, moved to suck a ball into her mouth. I looked to Ed, noting he was watching his wife intently.

"Fuck her mouth," Ed groaned. "Shove your cock into her mouth," he instructed. Grabbing her head, I humped my hips upwards, pushing my semi-rigid cock into her open, waiting mouth. "Oh fuck," Ed groaned as he watched me, humping my cock in and out of her mouth. He snarled, his hips lurching upwards, jamming his cock to Chris's mouth. "Oh fuck yes," he groaned.

Chris pulled off Ed's cock. "I need to cum," she said, staring to Ed. "Move, let me get my turn," she instructed. Pushing him to the side, Chris flopped on the bed, rolled over, pulled her knees up, and reached toward Ed. "Eat me," she instructed. Her hands played with her exposed clit, her fingers mashing it back and forth. "I'm waiting," she cooed softly. Ed looked to me, then to Joan.

"Share her cunt with me baby," Ed asked Joan. 

"Fuck yes," Joan growled deeply. Forgetting about me, she pushed Chris's leg wide, moved quickly between her legs at the same instant Ed dropped beside her. Each reached to her cunt, spreading a lip flat to her body. Her exposed clit stood hard to the air, begging for a mouth, a tongue. Ed and Joan both leaned to her, their tongues extended. Tongue fighting, they licked at Chris,' clit, taking turns sucking her clit into their mouths, dropping to stick a tongue into her hole. Minutes passed as they spread Chris's lips apart, each used their index finger to ream her soaked hole. As if planned, both pushed their index fingers into her cunt, each reaching the first knuckle, and hesitating. Glancing to each other, they both pushed hard to her, shoving their fingers into her cunt. Chris gasped with the penetration, her hips arched as her breath escaped her.

"Damn," Chris growled. Ed attached his mouth to her clit, biting her flesh, his tongue thrashing her clit back and forth against his teeth. Joan pumped her finger in and out of Chris's cunt, Ed's finger pulling back slower, but pounding deeper with his thrust. Joan added a second finger, thrashing her wet cunt quickly, pounding her hard. Chris could not breathe, her body racing to orgasm. Her hips lurched involuntarily, her hands pulling both Ed and Joan to her soaked pussy. Her body convulsed, quivering as her orgasm passed through her body. 

Ed kissed Joan hard, their lips plastered against Chris's engorged clit. Breathing hard, Chris pulled away from them, rolling to the side. Ed and Joan made out passionately, forgetting our presence.

As Joan lay kissing Ed, I spooned to her backside, pressing my sticky, semi-rigid cock to her ass. As Ed kissed her, he pressed his body to her, pinning her body between us. Joan's hips rocked back and forth against our bodies gently. My cock grew nearly rigid, sliding between her legs. Chris noted it first. Both Ed and I had grown hard, each poking at Joan.

"Both of you fuck her," Chris whispered. She moved to us, grabbing each of our cocks. She poked them to Joan. "Ed, you better do her ass, hubby will kill her," she instructed. "Come on, try it," she coaxed.

"Joan, reverse cowboy your hubby," she ordered. Following orders, Joan sat up, pulled Ed to the center of the bed. Straddling him, Chris aimed his cock to her cunt. "Coat it," Chris instructed. Joan dropped her butt down, shoving Ed's cock into her cunt. "Up, here," Chris followed, grabbing Ed's cock, pushing it to her ass. "Settle down on him," she finished. Joan rocked back and forth, easing his hard cock into her ass. After several strokes, Ed was in.

"Crab walk, arch back over Ed," Chris ordered. Pulling back, Joan settled on Ed, his cock balls deep in her ass. As she arched back, her legs outside Ed's, her cunt beckoned. "Come here baby," Chris volunteered, instructing me with her wiggling finger. "Put it in her now," she grunted. 

"Oh shit," Joan groaned as I moved between her legs, my cock standing rigid in my palm. Her eyes were wide open, her mouth gaping as well. I got close, Chris grabbed my swollen cock, pulling me to Joan's cunt. "Hurry," grunted Joan. "I want your fucking big cock," she growled. She arched back and forth, pushing her cunt toward my cock. I swiped the head up and down along her slit. I could see Ed's cock as it disappeared into her ass. Finding her wet hole, I pushed forward slowly. The hole opened, the head of my cock slid into her body. I hesitated. Joan's mouth clenched, her teeth clamped shut. 

"Shove it in," Joan hissed. Her legs lifted as she lay on Ed, offering her cunt to me. Her face contorted, a mass of nerves, I pushed forward. I could feel pressure through the thin wall separating our cocks. Ed humped to her, shoving his cock deeper. "Fuck me," she screamed as I plunged deeper. I stopped my penetration, watching her cunt as I pulled back slightly, her lips stretching to hold me. I could feel her muscles squeezing my cock. "Oh fuck," Joan groaned. "Shove it in me, I want your cock!" Joan grunted as I pushed forward again. More cock slid into her body. Chris dropped to her chest, sucking a nipple into her mouth, biting firmly. Joan humped her hips, first to me, then down on Ed's cock. Pulling back, I pushed forward again, sliding more cock into her body. "Oh God," she wailed. I stopped, afraid we had hurt her.
