 DISCLAIMER: All characters mentioned in this story are over the age of 18 and are consenting adults.

Author note: Please leave comments discussing what you like and didn't like about this story. I would like to improve my writing.

*****

I was sat in the office, working on a client report that was due the next day. My mind, however, kept drifting back to that heady 5 minutes with Jessica in the filing cupboard last week. I've had to wear very tight boxers to work almost every day since seeing as my cock refused to be at anything less than half mast.

I remembered the way her small, delicate hands grasped the shaft of my dick and caressed the ridges of my cock-head.

I shuddered at the memory of the way she sucked her mouth tight right as my orgasm hit me.

My mouth went dry as I recalled the sight of the pale skin of her ample cleavage with those enchanting eyes looking up at me.

My phone buzzed loudly on the desk startling me from reverie. It was a video message from Jessica, I had no idea she had my personal mobile number. I decided to mute my phone, lean back so my colleagues to either side of me couldn't see the screen and clicked play.

45 seconds later I quickly locked my computer and nipped out to the bathroom.

In our office we have these cubicles that staff can use if they need to call an important client or have a private meeting with another colleague. The windows are frosted, they're practically soundproof and they have a screen outside the door which states if it's in use or busy. They do not, however, lock and people have been known to barge in on important client phone calls.

Jessica had clearly thought this through as she had set up her camera on a tripod in the corner of the room to capture the whole scene. She was dressed in a crazily tight woman's suit, her white blouse and black jacket stretched tight over her huge bust and her pencil skirt similarly stretched over her round ass. 

She then started to strip.

What she was wearing underneath is what caused me to pause the video and race for privacy. As the layers of clothing were neatly deposited on the floor her pale skin caught the office lights beautifully. Once fully rid of her clothing she stood grinning at the camera dressed in a sexy black lace push up bra, a matching black lace high waisted thong (like the kid you saw in the late 70's but more modern looking) and thigh high sheer stockings attached by suspenders to the thong. She was wearing some serious heels but still stood a diminutive 5' 2".

She turned slowly and I took in the curves of her flesh with awe and desire. The contrast between her bright red hair, pale white skin and deep black lingerie was striking. By this point my cock was raging to be released from my trousers so I freed it and began my habitual edging. I'd stoke until my cock muscles twitched then I'd lean back and shudder until they stopped.

I then noticed that she was stood off to one side of the screen, her body so perfect to my mind that I hadn't noticed the chair in the middle of the screen with what looked like an enormous dildo attached to it.

She walked right up to the camera so all I could see was her face.

"This will give you something to edge to." and winked.

She turned and strutted across the room to the chair with the pearly globes of her ass cheeks jiggling seductively as she went. Still facing away from the camera she straddled the chair (fortunately she chosen one without armrests), pushed aside the thong and eased the enormous silicon length into her hot channel.

She must have been incredibly lubricated because she took that thing like a fucking champion. The heels causing her calf muscles to stand out and the repeated squatting motion showed her muscular thighs off perfectly. Her exposed back was a rippling wall of muscles and her triceps were clearly defined as she gripped the tall back of the chair.

I caught myself thinking "shit, this girl must hit the gym some. If this is to continue I'm going to need to start working out to keep up!"

The thick silicon dick was slipping in and out as she worked her pussy on it's length. I could hear her moaning coming through my phone's speaker. Thank god these rooms are soundproof!

She then leant further forward, away from the camera and over the back of the chair, and brought her knees up onto the chair either side of the dildo. Then, demonstrating her muscular power and flexibility, started twerking her ass up and down. The dildo now slamming in and out of her pussy with passion.

Her moaning became heavier.

Her feminine fluids glistened as she started twerking faster and faster. Clearly she could feel her orgasm rising. Pussy fluid was gushing down the rigid length of the dildo smacking in and out of her. Her muscles started twitching and shivering beneath her skin as the pleasure became more and more intense.

The moaning gave way to guttural grunting and muffled shouts of ecstasy.

She slammed her hips right down to the base of her huge dildo and started screaming in orgasm. Her ass shaking and jiggling, her legs spasming completely out of control, her hips bucking forwards on the silicon shaft inside her. She collapsed over the back of the chair, heaving heavy breaths whilst her flesh gave way to sheer pleasure.

She gently eased her hot folds off the huge dildo and made her way back to the camera on shaky legs.

"meet me in the filing cupboard tomorrow at 4:30pm." she whispered and the video ended.

By this point the veins on my cock were visibly pulsing and my dick slit was wet with pre cum. I had to use all my mental willpower to take my hands off my shaft and wait for my erection to subside. It took me nearly 15 minutes to calm down and get back to my desk.

I can't wait for tomorrow to come around!

...The next day...

Needless to say, I was in the office early.

I hadn't slept well, I kept waking up with an erection throughout the night. 4:30pm couldn't come quickly enough!

I struggled through my work but finally, it was time to make my way to the filing cupboard. I walked towards it with poorly concealed excitement. My cock already raging to be free.

I placed my hand on the door handle, paused, then opened the door.

I slip inside and quickly shut the door, the room is blank and empty but there is a gap in the sliding shelves where she first commanded control of my cock. I stride there with purpose and round the corner and behold her beauty.

Jessica is stood wearing her trademark high heels, close-fitting black trousers that are high waisted coupled with a tight blue blouse. She looked at me and said.

"Oh good, you're here on time. I hope you haven't cum in a few days." she smiled at me.

"Come and sit down here for me please." she gestured to a chair she had moved into the cubby hole between the shelves.

Obediently, I sat and she quickly undid my belt and slipped my trousers and underwear down to my ankles. My cock, already like a steel rod, stuck up into the cool air. With a wicked grin she knelt before me and grasped my dick and started licking my banjo.

I gazed at her longingly, a muffled moan escaping my lips without my even realising I'd begun to make a noise.

She took my length in her mouth and my head lolled back, eyes closed in pleasure.

*CLICK*

My eyes snapped open and I brought my head up.

She had clipped my hands into two sets of handcuffs she had hidden underneath the armrests. She then kissed me passionately and left the room.

My heart thudded in my chest. My thoughts fired rapidly... Fuck, was she just going to leave me here? What if someone came in and saw me, erection and all.

Oddly enough my cock wasn't softening at the drama, it was still stood to attention. My love of edging and recent experiences with Jessica has given me a hell of a long cool down period!

I heard the door open and there were TWO sets of footsteps coming towards me and hushed giggling and whispering.

Jessica had brought her colleague Jayda with her!

Jayda was tall where Jessica was short, dark haired where Jessica was ginger and most notably Jayda had skin as dark as night compared to Jessica's pale dawn. Jayda had a full bust and a gorgeous round ass. To top it all off her legs went on for fucking days and they were just heavenly to look at. She was poetry in movement when she walked.

"Oh my god, you were right. His cock is pretty big and he is so hard." Jayda giggled.

"I know, it's great. The best bit, this cock is mine to play with isn't it Martin?" Jessica asked with a grin.

I just nodded, scarcely believing my luck.

Jessica turned to Jayda and asked if she was wearing what they'd bought last night. Jayda nodded an affirmative and moved to undo the buttons of Jessica's blouse. Jessica returned the favour and unbuckled Jayda's belt and pushed her trousers down to the floor. Before long the two girls were stood in their underwear and high heels looking down on me.

They were wearing perfectly matching underwear. A baby blue push-up bra coupled with lacy, high waisted underwear. It contrasted perfectly with their incredible skin tones. I admit, my mouth dropped open and both girls giggled; clearly pleased they had such an effect.

Jessica squatted down to my eye level and said "Martin, you are not allowed to cum until I tell you. If you feel yourself cumming before you are allowed to, you let me know straight away."

"Yes mistress." I mumbled

"I want him first, you had him all to yourself last time." Jayda said.

With that she dropped her panties, walked closer to me and turned around and bent over.

"Lick it Martin, make sure I'm nice and wet." Jayda commanded.

I wasted no time burying my face in the dark folds of her slit. I went to town, I licked my tongue up and down and all around her clit. Before long her pussy was nice and moist. I came up for air and saw Jessica's hand in her pants working her own pussy.

Jayda rocked forwards and all but dropped her pussy on my dick. She rode me hard, her ass cheeks smacking against my hips. Her pussy worked up and down my steel shaft good. I could hardly believe my luck that two of my most attractive colleagues were there to use me for my cock.

I was leaning back, hands pinioned and unable to move. Enjoying the movement of this beauty atop me. Jayda's ass was sizeable considering her slender frame. It had a life of it's own swaying up and down and smacking my hips with a hearty smack each time my cock bottomed out.

Jayda soon started panting and moaning and her body began spasming on top of me as she used my stiff stick for her own pleasure. She leant back and stroked her clit with my dick at it's deepest point inside her. 

Her knees spasmed and her legs shook and she cried out as her orgasm overtook her and Jessica was there, kissing her and holding her whilst she came. Jayda panted hard, leaning forward and bucked a little on my prick.

Jessica then unceremoniously pulled her off my prick, dropped her panties, turned around and impaled herself on my shaft in exactly the same fashion as Jayda had moments ago.

The exquisite texture of her warm, wet folds glided over my hard cock head. My nerves sang to me as I rode the waves of pleasure coursing through my body. I'd never been fucked by two women in a row before and my experience of it was sublime.

I was so close.

I wanted to let go.

But my mistress told me I wasn't allowed yet.

"Jessica, stop, I'm going to cum soon." I panted

She immediately stood up off my cock.

"Well then, you'll have to finish me the way you started Jayda off" she said with a wicked grin.

She then hooked one leg over my shoulder, exposing her sex to me and I went to work. I strummed her swollen clitoris with my tongue. I delved her depths, I did everything I knew how to give a woman pleasure with my mouth.

Soon she was spasming and hunched over my head, her hands gripping my hair and my face was slick with her juices as she came all over my face.

Jessica stood up and Jayda held her whilst she came down from her orgasmic high. They looked at each other and made out gently. Jayda broke the kiss first and looked at me, she then whispered something in Jessica's ear. Jessica nodded.

They then both kneeled in front of my and both placed a hand on my cock. They started to stroke me in unison and they both began talking to me.

"Martin, your cock is so good."

"Don't cum yet Martin, this cock is ours now. It does what we say."

"Do you like our pussies Martin? Did it feel good to get inside us?"

"Your cock is throbbing Martin, don't forget you aren't allowed to cum yet."

Their delicate hands slid up and down and up and down my shaft. Other hands cradled my balls and massaged my thighs. I felt fingertips running between my foreskin and my glans. My body registered more hands on my body than only two people should have. 

It felt so good.

"Mistress, I can't stop it. If you carry on, I'm going to be a bad boy." I yelled out.

Jayda and Jessica stopped their stroking and resumed kissing each other. They had their hands in each others hair. They were moaning and loving each other. Jessica broke the kiss to nibble on Jayda's nipples. They were a darker black than the rest of her skin and incredibly sexy.

Jayda leant her head back and hummed with pleasure. She turned towards me asked me if their cock was ready to take some more. I nodded yes and they started touching me again. They jerked me for a moment before the sex - talk started again.

"Martin, you are so naughty, nearly cumming without my permission."

"Did you like watching us kiss?"

"I love the veins in your cock, Martin, they're so thick."

"You liked it when Jessica paid attention to my tits didn't you?"

"Did you wish it was your mouth on her nipples instead of mine Martin?"

It felt like hours passed me by, my body shook with the pleasure of it. I was seeing colours that shouldn't have existed. I was feeling things I was certain had been felt by no man. I was nearly delirious with holding on to my orgasm. I couldn't disappoint my mistresses now.

"Martin, you need to cum now. Your mistresses need to get back to work. So be a good boy and give us all of your seed." Jessica said suddenly.

It was all the motivation I needed, with seemingly no conscious effort my orgasmic fluid flew from the tip of my cock. Jessica and Jayda angled it to hit their ample chests. My arms rattled against my hand cuffs. My thigh muscles stood out as the rage and power of my orgasm ripped through my body. It was pure white light. The edging and experiences of the past hour was too much and I passed out momentarily.

When I came to Jayda and Jessica were licking my seed off each others bodies.

"Jess, that was awesome! Martin, I hope you're cool with the roleplay. I really got into using you for your dick." Jayda gushed.

"Don't worry about it. Jessica knows that being used like that is my number one fantasy. Thank you both for making it come true for me." I said, with a big smile on my face.

"Well..." Jessica began "I'm having a party at my flat next week. You should both come!"

...to be continued...