 Edie was leaving the mall after a day spent shopping. The 5'7" buxom blond felt the cold air rush up her skirt as she left the building, her arms were full of Christmas gifts. The wind was strong and a hint of snow was in the air. As her shapely leg stepped off the curb, her heel caught in a crack and she tumbled to the ground, her shopping bags broke upon impact and her gifts scattered. The 36 year old woman was flat on her face and the rigid surface of the street was freezing. 

Cars stopped, fellow shoppers stared, and some even laughed at her plight. Gratefully, Edie felt tiny hands helping her get up. She watched two elves gather her presents while the other elf held her steady. She recognized them from the department store and thought how cute they looked as Santa's helpers. Edie attempted to walk but her legs were wobbly and she felt dizzy. The elf that was holding her by the waist asked, "Are you OK lady? Your nose is bleeding, do you want to go the hospital?"

"No, thank you, I just want to go home, I will be alright."

He noticed her disorientation and stated, "We can't let you drive like this; let us take you home and make sure you recover."

"I...I don't want to leave my car here."

"No problem, my friends will follow and I will drive you home in your car." Edie smiled and agreed, she felt safe with Santa's elves. She was assisted into her big Lincoln and felt strange sitting in the passenger seat. The elves put her bags in her car trunk and her little friend brought a pillow from their car and sat on it as he started the Lincoln and asked for directions to her home. 

He handed Edie his handkerchief to hold to her bleeding nose. He informed her that his name was Hank and she told him her name. Hank was having a hard time keeping his eyes on the road. He felt his cock stiffen as he soaked in her beauty. Her head was back, she was trying to stop the nose bleed, her legs were spread, and her skirt was hiked up exposing her creamy thighs. 

When they arrived at her up-scale home, her packages were brought in by the two elves and she was guided in the door by hank. He sat her down on the huge sofa, she offered them a drink and tried to get up but Hank would not let her and asked where everything was and then fixed them all drinks, he made her drink special. Edie's drink was spiked with a powerful aphrodisiac that always made the women horny as hell. 

While sipping their drinks, she was introduced to Derek and Lamont. Hank was 30 years old and stood 4' 4", he had brown hair and brown eyes. Derek was 28 years old and had blond hair and steel-blue eyes, he stood 4'1" tall. Lamont was very black,he was bald and stood only 3'10" but the 41 year old black man worked out and was in fantastic shape. It was the day after thanksgiving and they informed her that they were staying at a motel and looking for a place to stay. Edie was starting to feel better but she felt a strange tingling sensation between her legs, a feeling of euphoria, and she was extremely grateful for their help, so she blurted out, "This house is so big and I live here all alone; stay here, it will be wonderful having the company, there are rooms for each of you. It is the least I can do for you after all the help you have been."

Derek responded, "That is very nice of you but we don't want to intrude."

"Nonsense, I insist, this house is lonely and what better way to cheer it up than to have Santa's helpers stay over the holidays?"

Lamont said, "We will pay you and help around the place."

"No, I don't want your money but I could always use the help; there is a girl that comes by twice a week to clean, you will like her, her name is Maria and I know she will be thrilled to meet Santa's elves."

Hank asked, "Why are you all alone? A beautiful woman like yourself should never be lonely."

Edie frowned, she never spoke of her husband but felt strangely free to to express herself and offered, "My husband died in a car crash last year. There was a young woman in the car with him. I did not know the passenger but there was a lot of talk. I always thought he was faithful but I suppose that was a false assumption. People had offered to check into it but I really did not want to know. Anyway, he left me well off, plus he gave me a beautiful daughter. You will meet her when she comes home for the holidays, she is in college." 

Lamont noticed the scuff marks on her knees and got a soapy washcloth, began cleaning her wounds, felt his prick getting hard as he looked up her skirt and saw her pink panties. He sat on the floor as he gently cleaned her cuts. Hank and Derek sat on either side of her and massaged her neck and shoulders saying that they didn't want her muscles to stiffen. Lamont rested his other hand on her leg and she felt so aroused. She thought how weird it was to have all of their hands on her impassioned body. Edie couldn't understand why her body was ablaze. She felt embarrassed and ashamed getting turned on by three little men dressed as Santa's helpers.

The tell-tale signs of her arousal were apparent, her breathing became faster, her nipples stiffened, and she began to sigh. Slowly little hands dropped to her heaving breasts and up her leg to her smoldering slit. Lamont probed her slippery pussy with three stubby black fingers that caused her to jump and let out a long sensual squeal of delight. The other two removed her blouse and brassiere and nursed feverishly on her magnificent breasts. 

Edie wiggled and squirmed; she cried out in ecstasy when Lamont tugged down her panties and licked her pussy. She was overcome with carnal lust and exclaimed, "Guys, this isn't right but it feels so good, please don't stop! Oh my god, I'm going to cummmmmm! Yessss!"

Before she came down from her glorious orgasm, Lamont stuffed his cock in her soaked pussy and pumped with fervor. Derek continued sucking her tits and Hank put his 7" cock to her sweet lips. Edie had never felt such intense lust before, she humped back at the cock in her pussy and thought how big it felt, then she opened her mouth to accept the elf's stiff cock. She flailed about and reached another orgasm just before Lamont ejected his seed in her hungry pussy. A few minutes later, Hank flooded her sucking mouth with his sticky cum. The passion and cum filled blond swallowed every drop with enthusiasm. 

They lifted the sexy blond, clad in only her stockings, to her feet and the naked elves walked with her to her bedroom. Derek laid on the bed and told her to suck his dick. Edie got to her knees on the bed and slurped on his 6" cock. Derek told her to sit on it. She straddled him and lowered her sopping pussy to his erect dick. They were fucking when she felt pressure on her butt-hole. Pain filled her when Lamont inched his black cock up her tight ass. She cried out, "No! Please don't do this, it hurtsss! Stop, it's too bigggg! Oh noooo!"

Lamont forced more of his manhood up her ass and told her, "I love fucking a white girl up her proper ass-hole. Trust me, I know it hurts at first but soon it will feel real good. Never had one yet that didn't love it. Loosen up and enjoy, that's it baby. Yeah!"

Edie felt so full with two cocks in her at the same time. She had heard of such things but never in her wildest imagination did she think that she would be experiencing such a lewd sexual act. Gradually, the pain gave way to divine pleasure, she was taken to a state of rapture, and she shook to another rousing orgasm. Edie and the elves were exhausted and drifted off to sleep.

She awoke before sunrise and thought that it was all a dream until she shook off the cobwebs from her groggy head and opened her pretty blue-eyes. She stared in disbelief at the sleeping elves. Edie was horrified, how could she have done such a nasty thing? She asked herself what got into her, then nervously laughed, knowing exactly what got into her, literally. 

She gasped when her eyes locked in on Lamont's black cock, it was not hard but it was 6" long and very thick. As if in a trance she wrapped her fingers around it and slowly moved her hand up and down feeling in grow in her hand; she increased speed and stroked it and marveled at it's size. Fully erect it was 11" and her hand no longer fit around the bulky shaft. 

Edie moved her head closer and examined the pulsating veins and huge cock-head. She felt the juices flowing between her legs, kissed the one-eyed black snake, and lovingly licked and kissed up and down the shaft. Lamont woke up saying, "Good girl, you sure do know how to wake a guy up! Suck it up bitch, yeah, just like that." The bewildered blond could not understand how such a small man could have such an enormous cock. She endeavored to stuff the whole thing down her throat but she gagged and choked, it was just too big for her. 

Edie was placed on her knees and fucked from behind. The blond squealed with delight when he plowed deep into her stretching pussy. Her sounds of lust awoke the other two elves and they rubbed their dicks all over her pretty face and took turns fucking her sweet mouth; at one point both cocks were stuffed in her mouth at the same time. With a loud 'swish' sound, Lamont withdrew his cock from her sopping pussy and shoved it up her ass. This time it slid in easily, aided by her pussy juices and experience last night. She humped back at his black cock with wanton lust and took the whole thing like a pro. A stream of hot, sticky cum was shot deep up her ass as she trembled and shook to an awesome orgasm. That was followed by two jets of cum in her mouth and on her pretty face. 

After they showered, Edie fixed ham and eggs for them and kissed Santa's helpers goodbye as they went off to work at the mall. She placed a spare house key in Hank's hands and told him to get copies made so they all would have keys to the house. She sat down at the kitchen table with a cup of coffee and relived the wild events since she fell leaving the mall. Her mind drifted back to her husband and how she had dated only a few times after he died. The beautiful blond hadn't dated in months, she thought sex was boring until now. Sex with the elves was fantastic, she was getting wet thinking about it. She no longer felt shame, only desire. 

That night she was surprised to see her little men lugging a big Christmas tree in the door and setting it up. They told her that Santa was stopping by later to help trim the tree. She inquired about their days off and pouted when they informed her that they had to work straight through Christmas without a day off. Her spirits were lifted when she was informed that they usually took a month off before going back to work at the carnival. 

They were sipping drinks and listening to holiday music when there was a thunderous pounding on the front door. Edie went to the door and was greeted by a loud "Ho, Ho, Ho." Santa put his bag on the floor and gave her a big hug, lifted her off her feet and twirled her around. He set the dizzy blond down and planted a big wet kiss on her lips. She caught her breath and offered Santa a drink. He smiled and said, "No thanks pretty lady, I brought my own holiday cheer." Santa reached in his pocket and retrieved a flask of bourbon. He took a long swig, then insisted she have some. They all laughed when her eyes watered and she choked on the strong tasting drink.

They continued drinking and trimmed the tree; it looked beautiful, Santa left presents under the tree but told them not to open them until Christmas. Edie was feeling somewhat tipsy and slurred, "Oh Santa, you are fantastic but I thought that Santa always came down the chimney, you came through the door!"

Santa grabbed her and kissed her passionately, then told her, "Don't worry baby, I'm going to cum down your chimney tonight!" He lifted her dress over her head, unclasped her bra, and the elves tugged down her panties. Lamont licked her pussy and ran his fingers through her blond pubic hair. Hank and Derek adored her buttocks with their mouths. Santa nursed hungerly on her ample breasts. Goosebumps appeared all over her inflamed body, she moaned out in lust, and her knees grew weak. They led her to the center of the living room, Santa bent her over and plowed his large cock into her wet pussy from behind. The elves stood in front of her, caressed her face with their cocks, and took turns fucking her mouth.

Santa's big dick brought her to a screaming orgasm and the elves gave her a cum facial. Before she could catch her breath, Santa laid on the floor and told her to suck his cock. It was about the same size as Lamont's and she lovingly worshiped his semi-hard dick with her mouth. Edie became increasingly aroused when she tasted herself on his cock. For the first time in her life she wondered what another woman would taste like. Saliva dripped down her chin as she worked on his big dick. She felt a sense of accomplishment when she felt his cock grow in her sucking mouth. 

Her heart shaped ass swayed in the air and the elves could not resist the sight of her alluring buttocks. They pumped her ass and pussy while she slobbered on Santa's big cock. Finally, Santa ejected a hot stream of sticky cum down her throat. She managed to swallow most of it but some oozed out of her mouth, merged with her saliva, and dripped down her chin. She lovingly cleaned Santa's private parts with her tongue while the elves used her pussy and ass as a cum receptacle. Santa said, "I have got to go now pretty lady but I plan on visiting you and the elves again before Christmas. Mrs. Santa is waiting; now you know its not true when they say Santa only comes once a year." He laughed and left with a hearty, "Ho,Ho, Ho."

The elves slept in their own rooms for the first time and Edie felt lonely in her big bed all by herself. She smiled and felt a sense of pride when she realized that she had worn them all out!

She made breakfast for her little friends in the morning and then sent them off to work. Maria came by in the afternoon and did some housework. As the voluptuous Latin beauty dusted the furniture, Edie could not help but notice her long legs and ample bosom. For the first time in her life, Edie felt attracted to another woman! Maria was 24 years old and stood 5'11", her 38DD breast attracted many glances from men and women alike. Her long black hair flowed half-way down her curvaceous back and her dark eyes, almost black, sparkled. The horny blond was startled when her pussy twitched and moistened while she, almost in a trance, stared at the enticing beauty's many charms. It seemed that ever since she met the elves, the more sex she had, the more she wanted. 

Maria cleaned upstairs, then came down and joined Edie in the kitchen for a cup of coffee. She inquired, "Do you have company? I was surprised to see clothes in the other bedrooms, they are all small and weird looking. What's going on?"

"Well, I fell coming out of the mall and three elves helped me get home. They were looking for a place to stay so I offered them my spare bedrooms."

"Elves?"

"Yes elves, they work with Santa at the mall and they are very nice."

"You mean midgets? You are sharing your home with a bunch of midgets? That's crazy, they could rob or rape you; it's not a good idea."

"Maria, they are not called midgets anymore, people call them dwarfs but they are Santa's elves and they are wonderful people. Why don't you stay for dinner and meet them? That way you can see for yourself. I am positive that you will adore them, just like I do." Edie instantly regretted inviting the Latin beauty to stay and meet her little men. She felt jealous and worried that they would find Maria more attractive than herself. 

Maria replied, "Hell yeah, this I've got to see; I can't wait to meet Santa's elves. Maybe they can influence Santa to bring me a fur coat for Christmas!" Maria laughed and poured them both another cup of coffee, this one spiked with rum. Edie felt flushed when Maria poured the drinks, the sensual Latin woman's tantalizing tits were only inches from her face and Edie had to summon all of her willpower not to put her lips on the alluring mounds of flesh. Ever since she tasted her own pussy juices on Santa's big cock she was curious about other women and she could not understand the new, strange, and carnal desire to taste another woman and to compound matters Maria was irresistible. 

The two gorgeous women merrily drank and chatted, they were becoming closer than ever before, and they both felt a strong attraction toward one another. The bells on the door jingled as the elves entered the house, they were all carrying booze and singing. When the three elves went to the kitchen they saw Maria and Hank exclaimed, "Wow! Look guys, an angel fell from heaven and is visiting us!"

Derek added, She has got to be the most beautiful creature on the face of the planet."

Lamont wore a licentious grin on his face and offered, "I think she is my dinner; she sure looks good enough to eat!"

Edie felt jealous, she feared loosing her little men, and wished she had never invited the luscious Latin lady to stay and meet her lovers; as she watched the elves drooling mouth's and leering eyes Edie made the introductions and told the elves to control themselves. 

Maria stood to hug them saying, "You guys are so kind to me; you sure know how to make a girl feel welcome. I never met elves before, you guys are the cutest thing I ever did see." They continued drinking and when Hank noticed the women getting tipsy, he asked Edie, "Did you tell Maria about us" I sure hope you told her how good we are in bed! Did you let her know how much you like fucking us all at once? I bet Maria would like to join in on the fun."

Edie turned crimson, lowered her eyes to the floor, and never felt so embarrassed in her whole life. She wanted to run and hide but managed to stammer, "I...I don't think that it is something we should talk about. Wh...Why are you doing this to me? Don't you give a damn how I feel? Why are you being so cruel to me?" Tears flowed from her beautiful blue-eyes. 

Hank and Derek kissed her tears away and told her that they did not want to hurt her, only invite Maria to join them. They assured Edie that she was just as beautiful as Maria and said that they noticed the attraction between them. Hank asked Maria, "Why don't you come over and show Edie how much you care for her? Make her feel better; I hate to see her upset and you know you want to make her happy. Give us a demonstration of woman to woman love and then we will join in."

Edie was trembling, she never experienced lesbian sex but lately she had been thinking about it a lot. She was afraid of what she considered a forbidden act but she was also turned-on by the spicy Maria. 

Maria was not a lesbian but she had been with a few women and was filled with a strong desire to seduce and dominate the adorable blond woman. Maria seductively walked over to her timid prey, lifted her chin, passionately kissed her lips, and invaded Edie's mouth with her probing tongue. The elves lifted Edie's dress over her head and tossed it aside as Maria kissed down Edie's neck. She unclasped the bra and nursed on the blond's pink nipples. Edie felt her pussy juices flow and uttered a loud sigh of carnal pleasure. 

The voluptuous Latin lady kissed her quivering stomach and worked her way to the blond's creamy thighs. As two fingers entered her pussy, Edie squirmed in the chair. Another finger was added to the aroused pussy and Maria's tongue licked the button as it peeked out of the pink hood. While furiously finger-fucking the sopping slit, Maria sucked on her clit with vigor.

Edie was overwhelmed with wanton lust and screamed, "Oh my god, it feels soooo good! Your tongue is magic. Please don't stoppp!!! I'm going to cummmmm...Yesssssss!!!" Maria continued fingering, licking, and sucking until the older woman achieved another screaming orgasm. Maria stood and pulled the blond's head to her and firmly kissed her lips, making sure Edie would sample her own pussy juice.
