 Note: Met Edna and Les Diexler in the gobsmacked series. Edna was the retired principal and Les was the semi retired accountant. Live on the same street as Jack Hanson. Edna was right at 60, with healthy weight but tits that awed all. This is their adventure story.

*

"That was a wild night" said Les, relaying to Edna his feelings about the wild night at the Hanson's where Edna and Les finally went beyond their exhibitionist and voyeuristic ways and went further than ever before. "Honey, asked Les, what made you finally want to fuck another man."

Edna looked at Les and replied, "When Jack started licking and sucking my tits, I couldn't control my pussy from juice flow. I just had to get plowed."

And did I ever, she murmured under her breath. Thinking back to that night, Edna's pussy started to flow again as she recalled the constant fucking she took after she finally gave in. She gave in to her desire and was in constant action that night. Being in the doggy position, she would have 2 men sucking and licking her tits, while another would fuck her from the rear. There was a constant rotation, as the man fucking would unload in her, and then be replaced by a sucker.

Her tits, those 50H mammoths, would never be unoccupied, for as she was in the doggy position her tits would hang down to the ground, where they would be lifted and suckled by all the men. She never felt so much desire and horniness from herself or others and was constantly aroused. This was something she wanted to continue to explore and wanted Les to be part of. She remembered how he, like her, just masturbated at these gatherings, but on seeing her inhibitions leave, Les also availed himself, having fucked both mom and daughter, Allie and Molly. Les also played when he could with Tonya.

"Hey honey Les said, getting Edna back to reality, how bout we head up to Oklahoma tomorrow in the Winnebago, and play a little at the WinStar."

He was referring to the casino just over the Red River border. Edna readily agreed it had been ages since they took a road trip and went gambling.

We headed north on I35 to Oklahoma just before noon. We loved the small RV because we didn't enjoy hotels that much, plus it gave us a lot of flexibility on travel. The RV was the smallest that Winnebago builds and really was only comfortable for two.

We had decided before hand to stop at a RV park we were familiar with in Gainesville for the night and to get into Oklahoma early.

Leaving San Antonio in the rear view mirror, it was time for Edna to play. Her love was to be an exhibitionist and flash traffic. Just past Selma on the interstate, Edna removed one breast from her sundress and pressed it against the passenger window. While passing a truck on the right, she was in clear sight of the driver, who responded with a blow from his horn and a hand out of his window with a hook em horns wave. Edna moved her massive breast away and began to lick her own nipple, which caused me to watch her more than the road. She then pushed down the whole top of her sundress and displayed both her sisters at the same time.

We started talking about the other night again at the Hanson party.

"Hon, I just can't get over your wild behavior the other night. Usually you are so reserved, we do our thing and leave."

"Les, Edna answered, you know I have always been self conscience of my squirting, but when Jack put his face in my puss to suck it dry, I just knew it was all in my head. I think men love that in a woman now."

"Edna, I replied, I have told you that for years, but I'm so glad you feel that way now. Do you think we'll play up at the casino?" Honey, I want to play before then, Edna chided.

We were in the process of passing a couple SUV's and Edna placed her hands under both breasts and jiggled them up and down to draw attention to her. Again we got a horn toot as confirmation she was noticed and approved. In fact one vehicle sped up to catch another glimpse.

Just short of Buda, I exited to a surprised looking Edna. I pulled the RV over to feeder road and drove into a little clearing and shut the engine off. Edna still looked a little bewildered. I left the driver seat and made my way to the back grabbing Edna's hand as I went. I folded down the bed into a double and lay on my back taking Edna with me. Her tits slapped my chin and face on the way down

. Now she had a light register, and took her sundress off, revealing her red haired cunt. I opened my pants, fished the boner out and had Edna mount me. Bouncing on top of me it took all I had to keep those jugs from beating me to death. Edna's pussy was also very fluid and flowing down onto my dick.

We fucked for what seemed like a long time, I'm sure the RV looked like a lot of rock and rolling was taking place. Edna had her orgasm first, shortly followed by mine. We tided up a bit, dressed and started driving again.

We stopped in Buda for a quick lunch at Rudy's barbeque and got back on the interstate. Edna continued with her flashing off and on up thru Austin, Temple and Waco. We pulled in Dave's RV Park a little after dark and started the process of getting a little cleaned up and heading out for a cocktail and a bite.

We like this RV Park because within 100 yards of the entrance is a small bar/grill which has live music, it allows us to walk instead of re parking the RV. Edna put on a white blouse and black skirt and nothing else. Her tits were clearly braless and the skirt had no panty lines. Music from the band tonight must be good since the place was packed. When we entered we had to walk sideways thru the crowd. I headed to the bar to get some wine; Edna was scanning the place for a couple of seats or at least a table to stand by.

A young man passed by with several steins of beer held overhead, trying to navigate his way thru the masses. Someone bumped him and one of the steins splashed beer out, and you might have guessed it, hit Edna right in the chest on her white blouse. The shock and cold made her yelp but what it did to her blouse was the show stopper. Most of the guys in the vicinity stopped and stared because Edna's knockers were now clearly visible, better than a wet T shirt. The guy who spilt the beer was very apologetic even though we knew it was not his fault. A waitress passed Edna a towel and she dabbed and covered her blouse as best she could.

The young man introduced himself as Brian, apologized again and said the least he could do was buy us drinks and offer us a place at his table with his friends. We agreed and followed him to the back of the bar where he introduced us to three male friends and a female. They were all fairly recent college graduates and had applied to the same firm in Ft Worth and they were attending their corporate orientation training.

The woman identified herself as Jenny; she was 25 and had just completed her masters at Ohio St. She had taken the company's offer and was going to enter their marketing program. Brian and the other 2 were also MBA's, also mid to late 20's and were with the same firm. One was trying for the finance dept and would relocate to Denver. Brian and the other one wished to remain in Ft Worth.

Conversation was brisk when they found out that Edna used to be a principal, but when she moved the towel and exposed her still wet blouse, conversation stopped and staring was the order of the day. I don't think these guys had ever seen a set of tits like Edna's.

Even Jenny at about 5'5" and 125 pounds or so took notice. I took notice of Jenny in return. She had short black hair cascading to touch her shoulders, her breasts were probably 34C and her bottom looked lean and mean. She had played volleyball in college and also was on the swim team. Brian was the tallest of the men, about 6'3" and athletic looking. The other two were pretty average in weight and stature.

We had several rounds of drinks and the place remained packed, at least while the band was playing. When the band did stop, the bar starting thinning out some. Edna and I were able to order some finger food so we wouldn't be too tipsy from our wine. Conversation with this group of young people was great and the boys started to flirt with Edna. Her blouse slowly dried out but the outline of her aureoles and nipples was still very noticeable.

There were some guys playing pool that were quite rowdy as well as very loud, so the suggestion was made that we go elsewhere. Our RV was too small to host this group. When I said we had parked the RV for the night, Brian said that he would bring us back to the park, no problem. Jenny suggested we go back to their hotel as they had wine and beer stored up. We all agreed.

Piling into their mini van, Edna was in the middle row flanked by the other two guys. Brian was driving and I was in the passenger seat; Jenny was alone on the third row.

It was about a 20 minute drive to their hotel; the guys with Edna were constantly moving in their seats; it looked like an effort to touch and make body contact with Edna. Edna was still and kept her hands in her lap but glanced side to side to the boys frequently.

After we arrived at the hotel; walking thru the lobby we received stares from the registration desk and some of the other guests milling around. One might think it was from the diversity of our group 4 men 2 women or the age differences; but more than likely is was that Edna's white blouse had dried to an off yellow and still highlighted her tits and nipples.

Riding the elevator to the room, Brian commented on the lobby stares and we all laughed. Getting off on their floor, Edna and the guys stopped at one of the rooms and entered (the guys had adjoining rooms we found out) while I followed Jenny down the hall to her room to retrieve the wine since she had it.

Once inside Jenny's room she found the wine and asked which ones, red or white we should take back to the guy's room. I told her it didn't matter. Jenny then asked me if I thought that Edna would let the boys fuck her. I responded with I would be surprised if she didn't. Jenny then walked up to me and asked if I would fuck her. "Without hesitation" was the answer. For that I got a sensual kiss and an ass grope. We grabbed the wine and headed back down the hall.

The door was left closed with the bolt thrown so we could enter without help. Not surprised at all, I found Edna sitting on the bedside, tits out, sucking on Brian and fisting one of the other guys. Both guys were mauling her huge hangers, Brian pinching and trying to elongate her already long nipple. The other guy came out from the adjoining room carrying several beers and stood and watched the action with his mouth open in a wow expression. Meanwhile Jenny stood next to me and held me firmly by the arm as we watched.

Brian had now pulled his cock from Edna's lips and raised her skirt so he could play with her pussy. When his fingers touched her clit, Edna jumped slightly and moaned, just before the other guy slipped his cock into her mouth. The guy with the beers had put them down and was busy lifting and sucking a tit. Brian had three then four fingers in Edna's snatch and commented that she was getting wet. Boy what he didn't know yet.

Edna started to gyrate and grind her hot and eager pussy on Brian's knuckles. Wet and sloshing sounds were the loudest things heard in the room as Edna started to flow and begin to squirt. The guys started oh my god and holy shit comments and Jenny was calling for Edna to drown everyone. The sexual tension and energy was at a fever pitch.

Brian removed his fingers and replaced them with his cock and began to fuck Edna hard and deeply. Edna was returning his thrusts with the same passion and force she was savoring.

Everyone was just staring but Jenny was also squirming against me. I slid my arm off hers and placed my hand on her firm ass and was rewarded with her pushing back. She grabbed me by the back of the neck and guided my head to hers and gave me a searing hot kiss with plenty of hot breath. Still clutching her by the ass I guided her to the next bed and started to peel off her clothes. She reciprocated by unbuttoning my shirt and slacks. All the while we were still in a deep lip lock.

On the other bed the action had intensified. Brian had stopped fucking Edna's snatch and was instead feasting on it, savoring the hot and steady flow of juices. The other two guys were busy slapping their rock hard cocks on Edna's giant whoppers. They alternated by getting some licks in from Edna's hungry mouth. Edna was supercharged now, panting, moaning and grunting out the word fuck in between. 

Jenny and I were now naked on the other bed, engaged in a blistering 69. Her bald cunt was very tasty and quite wet from viewing all the excitement. Her enthusiasm for eating my cock was appreciated. I had to look up from my pleasure when a new sound came from the next bed.

Edna was now wailing "o my God" as she had impaled herself on Brian who lay on his back, and one of the other guys had entered her ass. The wailing stopped when her mouth also received a cock and she was airtight. Both Jenny and I looked on as Edna was engorged on cock. The sounds of sex from their bodies ricochet off the walls and intensified the senses as we watched my wife getting the fucking of her life. If only her former students and teachers could see her now. Gone was the prim and professional principal who guided their young minds. A wild and kinky mature sex demon had taken her place. Her former fear of squirting was gone; lost in this frantic thing called fucking.

But I did not forget my own pleasure. The sights and sounds around me as well as the delectable Jenny beneath me, had me raring to go. We got in the missionary position, her calves on my shoulders as I entered her. Jenny was very tight and I felt the air leave her lungs as I extended my entire length into her pussy. I wanted this to last so we had a slow and steady rhythm going which pleased her as her mouth remained open with no sound being omitted. 

There was no calmness on the other bed. Hot wet and wild was the order. Frenzy of fucking as the guys rotated around fucking my wife's pussy, mouth, ass and tits. When Brian tit fucked Edna, his rather impressive member just disappeared in her valley of flesh. A small eruption of white was only visible that her breasts had coaxed a load.

After twice fucking Jenny, and the boys doing their duty non stop with Edna, after several hours, the energy level and strength to continue tapered down. It was decided we would head back to the RV Park and call it a night. I walked Jenny back to her room, got another kiss and her business card. She wanted to stay in touch. Wonderful news for an old man to hear I assure you.

Returning to the boys' room, Brian had thrown some clothes on for he was driving us back; the other two guys were sprawled on the bed, exhausted but with huge grins. Edna was in the shower just rinsing off before she got dressed.

When we got to the vehicle, Brian tossed me the keys and asked if I minded driving. No I didn't but I did marvel at his dexterity as he climbed into the van after lying both the second and third seats down. He lay down with his head toward the front and asked Edna to climb on top. We drove off with me looking directly at Edna's face in the rear view mirror.

With Edna straddling Brian, he opened her braless blouse and lifted her skirt. He impaled himself in her pussy and the show began. I'm driving while Edna's face is being jolted forward toward me and her tits are banging the back of the driver and the passenger seat. Where this new level of energy came from was beyond reason. They fucked like this for the entire ride back to the RV Park. The very few cars on the road that late at night were probably thinking the shocks on that van were kaput as I drove trying to watch as well as hold steady.

About 30 seconds after pulling in next to our RV, Brian came in Edna once again. As she slid out of the van, she turned and cleaned his deflated cock with her tongue. I was exhausted just witnessing all this. Brian replaced me as driver, gave another grope of Edna titties and a sweet kiss on the cheek. He also slipped her his business card between her cleavage.

Once inside the RV we dropped on the bed and literally passed out. By mid morning we had recovered enough to have a quick fuck session, check out and head up to the Oklahoma state line and the casino.

We spent two nights at the casino, only eventful in that I won my $100 and quit on blackjack and Edna played and played her video poker and lost. We talked at night about going out again, but the night at the RV Park still had Edna a little sore and not horny.

As we were pulling out of the parking lot at the WinStar, I asked Edna if she wanted to make a detour on our way home.

"What kind of detour, Les" she inquired. 

"I thought we would go visit Diane" I replied.

Edna got that excited look and clapped once. "That would be great!" she remarked.

Diane was our sister in law, married to my deceased brother Frank. She lived in Muenster in North Texas on a little ranch she had with my brother. They were childless like us and my brother had passed about 3 years ago from colon cancer. We had always been close with Frank and Diane, even to the point of us being nudists together. Their place had a beautiful lake behind their house and was very private. Even though we were all nudists, we had never played together, even though the feelings were present, at least on Frank and my part. Diane was in her late fifties with salt and pepper hair, a flat ass, broad shoulders which supported a 40+ breast line. She was about the same height and weight as Edna. She has a wicked sense of humor and will tell the bluest jokes you will ever hear.

Edna wanted to know what gave me the idea for the visit.

"Edna, we haven't seen Diane in about 2 years, or shortly after Frank died I answered. Since we are this far north, she'd kill us if we didn't stop by."

Edna concurred.

It took us a few hours till we got to the cutoff from the state highway we were on. Turning on to Diane's gravel road leading to her house brought back memories of my brother Frank and the good times we had here. Soon we saw the ranch house up ahead and were glad that her truck was in front. We hadn't bothered to call since we wanted to surprise her. Upon hearing our RV chugging up the drive, Diane came out and began smiling and waving at us, she was happy. We stopped drivng and shutoff the RV and got a good look at Diane. She had colored her hair, gone was the salt it was all black now and long down her back. Her titties were still high on her chest but it did look like she had lost some weight since we last saw each other.

There was a lot of hoop and holler in when we greeted Diane and she felt great in my arms and I just had to soft slap her ass. It was funny when Edna and Diane hugged, their arms were almost too short to get around each other as their tits mashed together. We shared some more pleasantries and then went into the house.

Edna asked Diane if we had come at a bad time; Diane said she was just going to sit down with Bob and have an iced tea.

"You have a man here?" Edna asked.

"No silly, Bob is my boyfriend on batteries" Diane answered back

Both Edna and I started to laugh before Diane pulled out a purple monster that could have been the arm of a mannequin.

"Holy mackerel, I muttered, that thing could kill you." 

"On the contrary, with a smirk Diane retorted, it's the greatest thing yet."

Diane proceeded to fold that monstrosity in half and show that a DP was possible. Edna asked if Diane still was a nudist in an effort to change the subject from the purple people eater.

"Yes of course I am, professed Diane, how about you two?"

Edna to my amazement began telling her all the new stuff we had been doing starting with the neighbor's parties as well as the other night at the Hanson's. She didn't even leave out the trip up to now. I was certainly surprised that Edna would speak so much about it, but I didn't think Diane would be too shocked since we all had a nudist background.
