 Big tit mature Edna keeps the fires hot. See Edna's other story and the gobsmacked series for background.

*

After coming in late last night from North Texas, I left Diane's truck coupled to our RV and just brought her stuff in. We were all fairly tired and there would be plenty of time to unhook in the morning. As I brought our sister in law's baggage inside, I placed it in the guest room, some on the floor, and some on the bed to let her decide how to unpack. Edna was putting our stuff up, while Denise had made a beeline for the bathroom needing to pee.

Diane came out and I let her know where her stuff was in case she wanted her toiletries out. I proceeded into the master bedroom to strip down to shorts and slippers and relax a little. That was interrupted by Edna yelling for my help as she was still working in the kitchen with stuff we had taken with us.

Passing the guest room, I was delighted to see the backside of a very nude Diane who was changing into a sheer teddy. Her big tits swayed from side to side as she moved and I was feeling the small guy twitch, but I continued on to help Edna out.

With things finally cleared up, I poured us all glasses of wine and called for Diane to join us in the living room. Diane sashayed out with her teddy, flashing those great tits and legs. We all toasted to our reunion and a solemn toast for Frank. I started to watch TV; it was too early for news, so I looked thru the movie channels. I found a show already started that read "The Hills have Thighs" which intrigued me, so I pulled it up. Popping up was a bevy of large titted women having sex with two guys in the desert. They were slamming into each other and those mammories were swaying and flapping like nobody's business. I heard Edna say, "Les you bastard, you put that movie on purposely."

I looked her way to respond, but my gaze was altered to see Diane frigging her pussy while watching the movie. I continued to watch her hand actively burrow into her privates and alter her breathing as she became aroused. I also noticed Edna paying close attention to the scene unfolding beside us rather than the TV screen. Diane was still glued to the action on display as the actresses were flopping their huge tits against the fake boulders in the desert scene. I didn't fail to take in that the tits in the movie were big, but both women on the couch next to me were that and then some. 

I had by now taken my hard shaft out of my shorts and began jacking. To the other side of me, Edna had taken her huge tits out and was cupping them or should I say, attempting to hoist them up more, which because of their size and weight, she could not.

On the screen, one guy was now fucking two women doggy style with both the girls bent over, holding on to the fake scenery. This was a cue in my brain as I slid over to both Edna and Diane and had them kneel on the sofa, asses up and faces in the pillows. I then dropped my shorts off, jacked my very erect cock a few times and proceeded to line my very ready rod behind a wet and slick pussy belonging to my sister in law. Effortless entry into the molten pot and as I withdrew, coated with her juices. Diane was truly heated, for by the 5th stroke or so, she began pussy farting because of her wetness.

Edna had left her position on the couch and had slid under me. With her in this position she raised her head and stuck out her elongated tongue to lick along my shaft and taste the pussy juice left on it, straight from Diane's pussy. The heat, wetness and tightness of Diane was keeping me very hard and very determined to bring ample pleasure to both of these hot oldies and of course, myself.

Edna was very worked up as well as she would grasp for my cock when I would withdraw from Diane and attempt to suck me directly. On occasion she would succeed and slurp and polish my knob with ample spit and tongue lathering. When that would happen, Diane would squawk and rotate her lower torso to get me to resume my fucking. After several deep throat inhalations, Edna would bring me back to our sister in law and personally see that my cock would get back in to exercise that pussy.

Edna now quit her antics with her mouth and got up to face me as she straddled the back of Diane. Edna's huge tits hung down almost to the small of Diane's back and she grabbed my shoulders forcing me forward so I could latch my lips on her nipples. While slamming my hot prick harder into Diane, my lips suctioned the ponderous tits of my wife. Pure heaven on earth was the feeling in my groin as the sperm was cooking in my loins and I knew would be heading upward and outward soon.

Considering the play we had undertaken on the drive home, I was pretty impressed with my performance since I had not taken any enhancers. In fact I had left the Viagra at home, and been just with my own libido this trip. Granted my cum levels were not high after several sessions, but the ability to cum was not diminished. 

I had taken my hands off of Diane's hips, placing them over Edna's tits to feed them to my mouth. Diane continued to fuck back exceptionally well, forcing herself back to my balls in her search for her orgasm. I did drop one hand to one of Diane's tits and felt the difference in both women. Diane's tits were big, but quite smaller than Edna's, very firm and the nipple was exceptionally hard and big. Edna's tit was far softer but heavier, softer nipple but more extended. I had a fleeting thought about going back to school and being a breast doctor so I could feel and play with a wide variety of boobs.

My cock was beginning to throb and pulse, the friction with Diane's steamy fuck hole was working, like a drilling rig for oil, my "white oil" was coming up the pipeline. I was also beginning to see a great deal of fluid on the back and hair of Denise. I hadn't noticed before but Denise was working several fingers into Edna's overactive cunt and the squirting was rather impressive. This pushed me over the top and my cum was being jetted into Denise with alarming haste and strength. Edna also was rocking with her orgasm and I lost contact with her swinging hooters.

My organ also was being flooded by an active pussy from Denise as she evidently reached her cum. Thankfully over the years we have been cautious with Edna's active ejections of fluid and we had ample protection on the furniture as well as towels close by.  We all used the towels as if we had showered in the living room.

The exertion from this activity and the previous activity of our drive left us all with extreme exhaustion and we all quickly said our goodnights as I cut off the TV and lights. No sooner had Edna and I hit the bed, as we were out cold. I assume that Diane experienced the same tiredness and succumbed just as quickly.

I was up quite early and decided while the coffee was brewing, I would go outside and uncouple Denise's truck from our RV. While doing so I waved to some of the neighbors who were outside, either getting their papers or doing a little weeding. As my back was turned, a car horn went off. When I turned I saw my neighbor Jack Hanson in his car out by the curb, waving. I waved back and walked toward the curb to say hello.

"Morning Jack, how are you this fine morning" I started.

"Great Les, how about you? How was your trip, get too rich for the neighborhood with your winnings at the casino?" Jack questioned.

"The trip was great, however we left our winnings back in the casino so they could build another hotel tower" I joked.

Jack started to laugh and said great, great. I asked him where he was headed to so early.

"Oh, I'm going by the office for a bit, then to the bank and post office. Do you need anything while I'm out?" inquired a still chuckling Jack.

"No thanks, we're fine, I was just going to invite you to stop in later maybe for a drink and a swim. Edna and I brought out sister in law down from North Texas and I would like to introduce you. Is Janet also around?" I asked.

"No, she went to help her younger sister with her plans for her wedding. It's not for another 6 months but the way women change things, you can't get started early enough" Jack noted.

"God I know what you mean."

"But for that drink and swim, I sure am interested. I should be back in about 3 hours, would that be all right?" Jack quizzed.

"That's great Jack, whatever time you return we'll be inside or by the pool. Just come on in."

"Thanks Les see you later" as Jack sped off toward town.

I finished unhooking the pickup and parked it off to the side. I then drove the RV to it's protective A frame covering next to the garage. The sun was up strongly now and the Texas heat was beginning to bake the pavement, so I decided to get back inside, maybe rustle up a little chow for me and the ladies.

A cool draft of air hit me as I entered the house but I still decided to take my shirt off since it was a tad wet from the activity of outside. I found Edna up and in the kitchen, drinking coffee and lazily looking outside.

"I heard people talking outside, was it you and someone else?" I was quizzed.

"Yup, I was talking with Jack. He'll stop in later to meet Diane and maybe have a cocktail with us" I informed Edna as I poured myself a second cup.

Edna got a slight smile to her face and giggled a bit. "You dirty dog Les. You know dam well that Jack will go ape over Diane's tits. What you don't know is if she will play along or this thing going on now is just with us because we are safe and family." 

She was right of course. I had not bothered to check Diane's pulse on the matter, but I thought that with her new felt freedom, that more sex would follow in due course. I hoped I was right, plus Jack was a very convincing fellow, just look how he brought Edna out of her complex and helped bring out the wild animal lust inside. I owed him that.

We leisurely got breakfast together and by this time Diane had gotten up and joined us. She had decided to be nude and her new figure was very sweet on the eyes. Her big firm tits and that shaved snatch kept my full attention the whole morning. Upon seeing Diane this way, Edna thought not nude is rude and she tossed her robe off and went el natural. 

Not be left out, I to joined in the birthday suit party, waving my little leg menacingly if any of those two giant breasted ladies came close. We laughed and told stories and jokes for the rest of the morning as we had no particular plans for the day.

I glanced outside and remarked that the pool looked tranquil and relaxing, perhaps we could move outside. I offered to get the ladies some cocktails or wine and we could bask in the sum to our hearts content. I got two very hearty and receptive, let's go. 

Following those four glorious ass cheeks outside, I could not remember the last time I fucked Edna outside or in the pool. We had done that often when we first moved in years ago and had the pool installed. If fact other than the bed, most of our carnal pleasure was pool related. Over the years we had deposited a huge amount of sperm and pussy juice into that swimming arena.

Both Edna and Diane got in immediately while I poured some wine for us all. With their entries into the pool, the wave action caused by their bodies had the water slap at their large tits and the coolness of the water had their nipples stiffen and get larger. They both laughed as the water made their tits buoyant and bob on the water like corks. Diane began to swim to the other side and Edna gently walked along to the deeper level of the pool, her melons rising higher the deeper she went. I watched intently the rise of each of Diane's ass cheeks as she swum the length of the pool and lapped back. When she stopped, her massive pillows became flotation devices and held her still and head out of the water. All this sight stimulation, plus the first three gulps of wine, and thoughts in my head, had my cock hard and pointed straight out, like a pointer dog sensing a target. A wet pussy target, specifically.

Edna had moved to the ledge that ran the length of one third the pool. It was in about two foot of water and would allow you to plant your hands on it and kick out with your legs and feet for good exercise. That is what Edna was doing, causing a big splash with her lower body and also those boulders of her upper torso. This old dog had found his first target.

I strode strongly into the pool, the cooler water not bothering me or my weapon at all. In fact, once under water, my cock acted as a ships hull, parting the waters to its berth, which happened to be closer and closer in the shape of a red haired cunt belonging to my adorable wife Edna.

Churning the water up with my stride, I reached Edna as she was exercising her legs by kick swimming along the ledge. Her immense tits almost made contact with the ledge below on which she was bracing herself using her hands. Upon reaching her I grabbed her tit flesh from below and searched for her hardened nipples. Startled a bit, Edna turned to me and smiled because she knew I wanted to play.

Edna stopped her leg play and instead moved her knees to the ledge. This gave me the perfect height and position to fuck her doggy. Once the water had calmed down, I place my pelvic area directly behind her ass and grabbed my steely cock in hopes of enjoying a hot love hole. It didn't take me long to locate and engage my prize.

We love fucking in the pool since weight is no issue and we can sometimes fuck in positions that are more difficult outside. I was doing a slow but steady fuck with my hot wife and was really unaware of my other surroundings. That changed when waves hit me in the back followed by a set of hands rubbing my ass and balls.

Diane had come up behind us from her swim and quickly made our little rendezvous a threesome of lust. Diane stood up behind me and hugged me with her hands over my chest and with her wonderful tits and crotch rubbing my back and ass. This brought additional blood to my prick and with that, I drove it more urgently inside my wife. With the harder thrusting, Edna's tits, slightly out of the water were slapping against the tile coping of the pool. The smacking noise of her tits on ceramic echoed in our little space.

At this point Diane left my back and made herself parallel to Edna, side by side. Reaching over with her hand, she turned Edna's head and went lip to lip and tongue to tongue with her. I dropped one hand from Edna's hips and let it wander over to the ass of Diane with the intention of slipping a finger or two up her pussy. I did this without looking over and discovered that my aim was off slightly and my middle finger had begun to sink into her asshole instead. Diane gave out a yelp and a full body jerk to my invasion, leading me to think she may be an anal virgin. This would be something to explore later for sure.

Now finally my digits were in the right hole and I burrowed three fingers in past the knuckles. Diane was rotating her hips and grinding her pussy on my hand. Meanwhile my slamming into Edna's horny hole was driving me wild. The flow of her squirting discharge was elegantly hot on my cock, considering the cool water we were in. 

The sound now of four tits on coping was deafening, the rhythm of the slapping sounds plus the moaning and the splashes of water caused a more heightened sexual atmosphere. 

We were all very focused on our pleasure and failed to notice the sounds of a sliding glass door open and a figure appear before us. Startled at first, I looked up to see Jack Hanson standing there with a great big grin. He came to the edge of the pool so it was impossible to miss the bulge from his shorts.

"I sorry he said. I knocked several times, nobody answered, plus you did tell me to come in."

My concern was for Diane, we had not told her we may have a visitor. We should not have worried. Diane's mouth remained in an O shape and her body did not miss a beat as she kept slamming on my fingers. She did smile upward at Jack, but showed no sign of embarrassment or desire to cover up.

I mentioned to Jack to come on in, the water was fine along with everything else in the pool. He continued grinning as he discarded his shirt and shorts, finally peeling off his underwear. His cock was at full attention and bounced up and down as he entered the pool without hesitation.

He waded up to Edna and he got close she reached out and guided that hard cock to her lips. Jack placed one hand on her head and played with her hair; the other reached beneath her and fondled one of her pendulous breasts as the other slapped the wall of the pool. Edna was making guttural moaning sounds as my slamming of her pussy and her sucking off Jack had made her reach the peak of horniness. 

I still had a few more strokes in me, so I decided to be a good neighbor and offer Edna to Jack. I blurted out, "take my place" as I moved over to Diane's backside and now inserted my almost exploded cock into her fiery hole. Jack withdrew his cock from the reluctant lips of Edna, positioned himself behind her, urgently and roughly pushed his tool into Edna's liquid and loose cunt. 

Both women began to wail like braying donkeys as Jack and I hit their holes with all we had. We gave up trying to cradle their tits and just allowed them to bash forward and create a backlash tsunami of water. We just kept hammering those pussies while they were jolting thru impressive orgasms. Edna sensed that Jack was getting close, so in between her waves of pleasure, she blurted out that Diane should receive his load. 

Now Edna had told Diane of our antics at the neighborhood parties as well as our recent road trip; whether she mentioned the huge quantity of cum that Jack lets loose, I don't know. But we all honored her request and Jack and I did another switch off.

When I rammed my on the edge prick into Edna again, I knew I only had a few strokes left. I think Jack was the same way. Jack really focused down on the job at hand, his pace within Diane was with blurring speed and he crouched over her back so he could play with her dangling tits and long nipples. I slowed so I could witness the explosion they were on the verge of.

Jack could not hold back the floodgates, he emoted sounds and some cuss words as he let loose his copious load. His ass cheeks flexed repeatedly as his cum flew into the warm love tunnel of Diane. Diane at first had a reaction of lust but as the cum load obviously became larger and stronger inside her, her demeanor changed as she began to shout "Oh my God" over and over. This was I am sure her first encounter with a true cum fountain.

Several minutes flew by and it still appeared based on the sounds and body action, that Jack was still forcing his cum out. Maybe it was impulse on his part, but if there was any chance that his sperm was still ejecting, it had to be a pint.

Before he subsided, I began my rather puny ejaculation inside Edna's clutching and wet hole. Though my load was more everyman, or at least my age, it was absolute bliss for me and Edna's whimpering told me she enjoyed it as well.

When we removed our withered organs from their prizes, my come oozed out while there was a pouring from Diane's abused pussy that rivaled the lava flows of Hawaii. Jack had topped himself with a monster cum.

Since all four of us were winded, we unraveled from each other and fell back into the pool to recover our wits. It was then that Edna made the introduction between Jack and Diane, to which we all had a great laugh. Nothing like fucking first; then meeting who you fucked.

We all continued to joke about and lounge lazily in the pool. Sometimes one would swim a little but mostly it was standing or floating along. We had a great laugh when Edna and Diane were close to each together, facing one another, when Jack came up from underneath and caught both their set of tits on his shoulders. It looked like a giant tit life preserver was holding his head out of the water. Taking advantage, Jack would rotate his body so he suck each tit a little with a huge smile. The women were laughing loudly forcing their breasts to heave up and down, sometimes smacking Jack in the nose.
