 The bare sole's of Jake's feet walked across the chilled tiles of the kitchen until he reached the sink. The cooler air of the room felt good. Sweat hung to his naked body as the tap poured water into a glass. 

He gulped it down without a breath and lent over the sink hungrily for another glassful. He sighed with relief as his still slightly engorged penis pressed against the cold marble.

As he turned the tap off a second time he heard a quite buzzing from across the flat. He smiled knowingly.

As Jake walked back into the bedroom with two fresh glasses of water he was greeted with both an angelic and deviant sight as moonlight illuminated his room. He saw Charlie's naked, curvy form flat on her back reaching the throws of ecstasy. Her head was titled upwards with tightly closed eyes, while her arms pressed something within her nether regions. Her large breasts heaved rhythmically as sweat started to pool between the large mounds on this humid summer night.

Jake knew before he entered the room what she was doing. He had awoken something within her a few months back when they had first got together and as a newly formed couple they had explored and pushed her sexual being. On this occasion he was witnessing how her confidence had grown to where she was unafraid to self-love in front of him.

Her eyes opened and shyly noticed him. Only moments before they had finished their lovemaking and yet she had this burning desire for more. She lifted her legs and bent them in some pretence of modesty. The buzzing stopped.

Even though she had stopped she never moved the magic wand away from between her legs. She looked at him, almost for permission. He lent down to her and pressed one of the glasses of water to her lips. She drank in large gaps until the glass was empty and Jake stood again to watch. He gave her a warm smile.

Charlie's eyes closed again as the buzzing returned. Jake watched in awe as she kicked away the remaining thin sheeting touching her and started to wriggle around her toy. She pressed hard against it and started to breath heavily again. Suddenly her legs spread and her free hand helped open her labia further as she ran the toy up and down her sex. Both she and the toy glistened from pleasure in the moonlight.

Jake didn't have to wait long for the desired effect as just minutes later her movements took on almost staccato type rhythms and she whimpered in pleasure. She twisted as she lost control while her free hand gripped the redundant sheet beside her hand. Her back arched and Jake noticed the hard nipples of her moving breasts. The large mounds of flesh seemed to slap back and forth as her upper body lost control. Suddenly she stopped midair and exhaled loudly as her legs clamped around the object of pleasure. Jake noticed the contours of her stomach muscles as she slowly returned to the mattress. She sighed and returned mentally back to the room as her eyes opened again.

After a few seconds Charlie looked up and noticed Jake's erection. She smiled and welcomed him back into the bed. Her gentle grip guided him to her and their sexual adventures continued for another night.

The following day Jake and Charlie headed across to suburban West London as they enjoyed a BBQ with some of her work colleagues. Jake was presented as the new boyfriend and they were content in their joint happiness with good food, friends and alcohol.  

The day went by too quickly and soon enough they were heading back across town for a few last drinks in some of the local pubs near Jake's flat. As the journey commenced and progressed various people made their excuses until it was near last-orders and there were but five people left - Jake, Charlie, another couple and a singleton.

Jake made subtle noises to the crowd that they were welcome back to his for a quiet smoke and more to drink but even this was too much for the fellow couple and soon they were left with an extra wheel in the form of Si, a tall (some would say lanky) guy from Charlie's department. Jake didn't mind too much though as he found they had several things in common, even if conversation was slightly sparse due to Si's introverted nature.

Surprisingly Si took up their invitation back to the flat but heavily suggested it would only be a quick one for the road as they entered the stuffy and warm space that had been deserted all day. They dived straight out upon Jake's small balcony whilst Charlie made herself more comfortable. 

The lads discussed football and the latest telly they had been watching when Charlie joined them wearing a tight pair of denim shorts and a tight vest top that made Si do a double take. Jake also admired her curvy form and confidence as she was often quite reserved in what she wore and took it as a positive sign that she was truly coming out of her shell.

After a few joints Jake returned to the living room to roll another and everyone naturally followed after the crampness of the balcony. The conversation rolled on for an hour or so and was intertwined with beers, joints and a hint of sexual reference from the once reserved Jake. He slyly enjoyed how uncomfortable it made both Si and Charlie.

The heat of another hot summer night started to take its toll on them as they stayed within the flat and Jake declared that he was going to lose his shirt, he suggested Si do the same. Si reluctantly agreed after Jake went first and as an act of solidarity, feeling much better for the slight relief.

Meanwhile sweat was literally starting form on Charlie's brow and she couldn't take it anymore. She looked around the room and was impressed by the bravado of the two guys and that they appeared quite modest about their appearance. Both guys obviously kept fit and whilst not muscle men had nice upper bodies, but that wasn't the reason they sat half naked in the flat and she admired their bold and pragmatic nature. 

"Si, look, you're not going to be really embarrassed are you if I strip down to my bikini, are you? I'm roasting!"

Si started to choke and cough from the shock and smoke he had just inhaled from a joint.

The request led to an awkward conversation in which Si declared he wouldn't mind that at all, but then had to back track because it had sounded somewhat pervy. Jake meanwhile was amazed by this latest development and didn't know how to take it and sat in anticipation to see if she would actually go through with it.

Charlie left the room to remove her top and shorts in an effort to keep some form of dignity in this situation. She paused in Jake's bedroom and took a deep breath before re-entering the living-room.

Jake caught her first and watched as she came in a rainbow coloured bikini that showed off her large breasts and curvy form well. He quickly scanned Si to see how he would react, who played it cool and tried not to notice by messing with his mobile phone. The temperature within the flat seemed to get even hotter.

A few moments passed and Charlie had found a comfortable lying position on the couch opposite Si, and Jake would catch him taking in the odd glance every few moments. Jake scanned back over Charlie and remembered that there was so much to admire. Her long brunette hair flowed down over a pretty, almost innocent, young face and whilst in her bikini the rest of her was amplified to show true beauty. As his eyes scanned down her neck and onto her chest and large, plump breasts, he saw how her body was responding to her efforts at the gym and although she had clearly lost weight, it hadn't impacted on her sexual, curvy figure. The subtle outline of stomach muscles could be seen as she lay there, which led onto her wide hips. Below this she had long legs that most girls would be proud of. And of course, Jake knew what lay underneath the suit as well.

Jake slyly glanced back at her colleague and friend Si and was amused by how distracted he was starting to become by Charlie. Jake then got up to go to the fridge and when he stood up he could see a large, long lump forming along the inside of Si's thigh, under his shorts.

Jake moved through the flat to the kitchen and started routing through the fridge to find another couple of beers. As he dug deep to find his reserve selection he saw Charlie enter and start to pour herself a drink of water in the peripheral of his vision. He stood back up with two ice cold beers and placed one against his forehead whilst looking at Charlie.

"Hot?" She asked.

He responded with a facial expression that suggested she was as much to blame as the weather. She smiled back at him.

"I don't think I'm the only one, either." Jake said. 

"You seen what's forming in his shorts?" Jake then whispered, in case Si could somehow hear him.

Charlie smirked and playfully hit him in the arm. She then held both hands out and far apart that suggested she had indeed noticed and that Si was probably well-hung. Jake chuckled and headed back to the living room to entertain their guest with more beer.

Charlie rejoined them a few seconds later with her glass of water and lent over the table to pick up the burnt out joint waiting in front of her seat. Both Si and Jake noticed her large breasts hang away from her upper torso as she leant over the coffee table and struggled to relight it with a battered, old lighter.

Suddenly a wicked thought crossed Jake's mind.

Jake picked up a deck of cards from the lower shelf of his coffee table and slowly pulled them out of their box whilst Si was lost in the image of Charlie, and she in turn was lost within the haze of yet another smoke. She coughed and Jake looked momentarily up from his deck to see her breasts jiggling involuntarily in front of Si. What a sight.

Jake slowly started to shuffle the deck and eventually the other two pairs of eyes in the room noticed what he was doing. He split the pack in the middle, placed them together on the table below him, deftly using both hands to flick them back together in a shuffled order.

Charlie asked him what he was doing.

"I'm thinking a little game of High Card and dares wouldn't go amiss." 

"Jake..." Charlie moaned.

"Come on Charlie. You've got us both worked up with your little suit and you might get to see some ass, yourself." Jake replied, whilst a blushing Si made mooted sounds in the background.

Jake wasn't taking no for an answer and focused once again on the deck. He was determined to push Charlie's exhibitionist side to extremes.

"Hey, it wouldn't be the first time." Si looked shocked. 

Jake split the pack and lifted it to show an 8 of spades to the other two. He put the cards back on the pack and slid it to Si.

Si looked at it tentatively and took a swig of his drink. He looked at both Charlie and Jake for the sign that this was a joke but they both stared intently to see what he would do.

"Jake, he doesn't want to play," helped Charlie.

Jake remained silent and simply stared stoically at Si hoping for movement towards the deck. The room was silent and only the chopping of the ceiling fan above them broke the tension.

Finally Si leaned forward and reached for the cards. Jake smiled at him, rose and gave him a friendly and encouraging tap on the back as he walked past. He returned moments later with three old fashioned glasses and a bottle of bourbon. Si had turned over a 5 of hearts and looked worried.

Jake picked up the cards and reconnected the deck, he then silently laid it in front of Charlie and sat back down. He laid the three glasses and poured three generous shots. Finally he passed them to the other two players and downed his in one.

Charlie followed suit almost as soon as the drink reached her and then pulled a disgusted and pained face as whiskey burned the back of her throat. She looked up, noticing the two boys staring.

Charlie reached for the cards and as the edge of her fingernail touched the top of the pack she paused and looked at her boyfriend Jake. He smiled slyly at her. What was she getting herself into, she thought.

She cut the deck to reveal her card. Any confidence had deserted her even though she only needed better than a 5 and her suspicions were confirmed when she stared back at the 2 of clubs.

She glanced at both of them. Jake was still smiling and Si looked relieved.

"What?" She said to Jake and knowing what was coming.

"Lose the top." Jake said smiling.

Charlie didn't argue but just stared at the floor as her arms twisted behind her back and she reached to unhook the bikini bra. Finally it unclipped and her right forearm held the front of the outfit up whilst she also pulled the straps down. Suddenly a thought struck her; the devil is in the detail. She then pulled the top away but never removed her forearm, which continued to cover her breasts.

Jake chuckled.

"No, no, no... You never said anything about showing you guys anything." She said, returning one of Jake's playful little smiles.

Jake laughed hard and poured them all another drink.

After a short pause, he said, "Fine, your shuffle Charlie." Knowing she would have to reveal something.

Her smile dropped... Then it crept back.

"OK." She replied

Charlie stood up, picked up the cards and turned to face the sofa she had just been sat on. She then kneeled on the sofa with her back to them and dropped her guard whilst she shuffled away, giving them nothing but her naked back.

Jake made a pantomime booing sound but Si was far from being displeased. He took in the hour-glass figure in front of him and couldn't believe how the evening had progressed. He had often looked at Charlie within her conservative clothes in work and believed there was something this sensual underneath. He couldn't believe how the back of someone could look anymore perfect. His head tilted down from her upper back which appeared small and delicate, to the wondrous wide curves of her hips and backside. Her bottom, he finally pondered, looked like a perfect, juicy peach.

Charlie turned back around with her forearm protecting herself once more and the other hand holding a deck of freshly shuffled cards. She put them down and cut, revealing a ten and taking a deep breath. Surely she would survive this hand at least.

Jake went next and picked a jack, before pushing the deck over to Si, who looked visibly nervous. 

Si didn't hesitate this time and quickly cut the deck. He revealed the card to himself first and saw a three staring back. Crap, he thought.

Resigned to his fate he showed Jake, who gave him a sympathetic smile.

"I think Charlie would like to see what's under those shorts," he added.

Si stood slowly and all the alcohol and weed hit him, almost making him fall back down. He looked through the hazy smoke of the room at the other two staring back.

Charlie watched in wonder as Si, a work colleague she had never really looked at twice before undid his shorts. From what she had glimpsed earlier she had to believe he was a big guy, probably one of the biggest she'd ever seen. She felt her chest rising up and down and her heart beating.

Si pulled down his shorts in an unflattering way but revealed a tight pair of black boxers that gave more than a clue to what lay underneath. Charlie could only guess at the size of the large bulge that seemed to run the length of his underwear.

Jake, meanwhile, watched Charlie through most of this process and had never seen her so mesmerised. He could see lust through her eyes and a slight twinge of jealously ran through him for the first time in their relationship. 

He quickly snapped out of it and remembered that he had lit this fire and he also knew the rewards. "Your deal," he said to Si.

Si picked up the cards nervously and could see his own hands shaking. He felt all attention was on him for the first time in his life. He tried to take deep breaths as he clumsily shuffled the cards.

Finally the awkwardness stopped when he placed the cards down and cut the 9 of clubs. The odds were back with him. He pushed them over to Charlie.

Charlie lent forward to cut but kept he forearm solid across her large breasts. Suddenly a smile appeared on her face as she revealed a king to Jake, knowing it was time for him to shed some clothes.

"Jake." She said passing the cards over to him, trying to contain her smirk as she knew they had him in a corner.

Jake quickly downed the remains of his drink and lent forward, knowing his luck had probably deserted him within this round. He cut the deck and looked at his fate. Another king.

Without revealing anything he looked at Si. "Sorry, dude," he said slightly apologetically. He had wanted Charlie naked and on display.

Si was finally shown the card and couldn't believe it. How had he lost and what had he lost, he was lost. 

He panicked and suddenly a wave of paranoia swept across him. He literally took the bourbon off Jake without asking and poured himself a large shot, before downing it.

Si hoped for mercy but deep down knew it was too late in the night for that. "Lady's choice," Jake said to Charlie, before she replied demanding his boxers. 

Si started to think about how he had never done anything like this before in his life. Hell, he'd only had sex with two people. What had he gotten himself into?

Charlie sat up properly on the sofa for the show and watched fascinatingly as Si went through the mental torture before he revealed himself to them. Finally he calmed down and without looking started to pull his boxers down without getting up and it was then that Charlie saw the largest penis she had ever seen. Si lifted his bum to remove his shorts and she saw at least 8 inches of flesh flop upwards into the air and bounce back down. In no longer than she had been shocked by the sight of it though it suddenly disappeared behind a cushion that he quickly found. She was blown away by the display and couldn't really identify what had come over her. She wanted to see it properly and felt like complaining before remembering her own plight, as she felt her nipples start to harden behind her forearm under heavy breathing and arousal.

"Jake, your deal," croaked Si as he pushed the deck back in the host's direction whilst holding the cushion firmly in place.

Jake quickly shuffled and they were off again. He cut and revealed a 6, Charlie a 9 and finally Si drew a 5. He couldn't believe it and nor could anyone else. Any sort of luck or the rules of chance had totally deluded him. Si stared at Charlie and awaited instructions.

Charlie hesitated and cleared her throat. Jake could tell she wasn't quite sure what to do.

"I think you should show that thing to us properly," she said, trying to sound confident.

Charlie leaned back in the sofa once she had made her mind up and Si rose reluctantly from his seat. He looked nervously at them both and pulled the cushion away and threw it down on the sofa.

Charlie stared at his cock in curiosity. She had never seen anything like it. The length was obscene as it jutted away from his leg at about eight inches long. The appearance in itself wasn't completely attractive as his pubic area was unkempt and he wasn't circumcised but Charlie was fascinated by this almost elephant trunk that hung from between his legs.

"No, show it to us properly. Full-size." She said, whilst almost involuntarily making a wanking gesture at him. She didn't know what had come over her and as soon as the words had left her mouth she blushed.

Si was defeated and his right hand slowly took hold of his penis. He looked at Charlie and said hopefully, "I could do with some stimulation," whilst looking at her breasts.

She giggled and smiled sweetly at him, dropping her forearm. Her large, soft breasts fell forward and Si saw them properly for the first time. His eyes took them in hungrily and he loved how they had just the right amount of sag. He then took in her large, hard nipples and he started to become erect.
