 Author's Note:

This story is a continuation of a long running set and you may wish to read them before this to get to know the characters etc. (although it's not necessary). These stories go back to 'A Casual Game of Strip Poker'.

There is some light BSDM throughout, but please don't let that put you off as it's very mild! There is group sex within the tale but it is a long story and you will have to work your way to the last part to find it.

Finally I have read and re-read this story about a hundred times now and tried to correct every error but I am, like most authors on here, a complete amateur and do this for the fun of it. Hopefully there are no spelling mistakes or punctuation errors but after 50 Shades we can surely all be forgiven!

* * * 

Charlie looked at herself in the mirror.

She held her stomach in and sighed.

Her new underwear just wasn't doing the trick and she knew that impulse buys weren't going to solve her problems. She knew she was comfort eating again and her figure was starting to look pear shaped, rather than the toned figure of a few months ago.

She told herself off for those little treats she had at her desk and losing her gym routine. Autumn was setting in and the subconscious, evolutionary eating as preparation for winter had started. She had to snap out of it.

Charlie glanced one final time into the mirror and quickly sidestepped away from it's disgusted glare, falling onto the bed. She stared at the ceiling. What's wrong with me, she thought.

Hearing the sound of keys in the front door, Charlie jumped up and panicked.

She quickly ran around the room and hurriedly put her blouse and skirt back on. The new underwear was also meant to be a present for Jake but she could think of nothing worse than parading around in them for him.

Jake walked into living room after a gruelling day in work and, like a zombie, motioned towards the fridge. He dropped his crap on the floor, opened the door, and was greeted by the golden glow of well stocked selection of beer.

As he opened his first bottle and took his first gulp, the bedroom door opened and out came Charlie. She looked as fed-up as him and they grunted at each other as acknowledgment.

This had become the routine after the joys of summer and the reality and mundane nature of being a couple had started to set in. They'd slipped into boring patterns and the daily slog would now be followed by a night in front of the television and predictable sex, before lights out at eleven. Repeat.

At some point during the evening Charlie turned in and Jake wasn't far behind her.

Under the sheets they kissed and Charlie subtly pushed him away when it became clear this was more than a goodnight embrace. Eventually she gave in, almost out of duty rather than passion.

He lay back and watched in the low light of the room as she robotically removed her clothes under the sheets and dropped them to the side of the bed. Jake leaned back in and resumed kissing her but only got a mild reaction. His hands ran down her back and over her body, eventually stopping at her large breasts. He broke their kiss and moved down her body.

Leaving a trail of kisses down her neck, he went under the sheets and leaned over her. He explored her breast with his mouth and started to lightly bite her nipple. Charlie let out a slight groan and her nipple stiffened.

"I love your breasts," he whispered as he moved to the other nipple, but only got a muted groan in return.

Charlie lay stiff, almost frozen through the whole ordeal and he finally noticed. He went all in and quickly moved his lips southwards, hoping the action would offer a spark but two hands grabbed the side of head and stopped him.

"What the fuck!?" Jake muttered as he jumped out of the bed and looked down at Charlie.

"Just don't," Charlie replied, looking away from him.

"Charlie, I don't under..."

"I'm not in the mood, Jake."

Jake noticed how she had pulled the sheets up to her neck, almost as some sort protection to her body. His newly found liberal sensibilities were perplexed and he couldn't understand why she would hide a body he had seen hundreds of times.

He pulled the sheets away leaving her naked in front of him.

"Charlie, you have the most beautiful body I have ever seen. Why would you want to hide it?"

She covered herself with her hands and arms and, not knowing how to take a compliment, dismissing him and his words. Jake suddenly felt a wave of frustration as she turned on her side with her back to him, further shutting him off.

He lay back down and cuddled her from behind. Slowly she started to thaw as he kissed her and tried to build her confidence. She lightly giggled as he kissed her neck and ear but her body remained tightly wrapped in a fetal position.

Jake had an idea and decided to go 'double or quits'. He reached for his dressing gown at he foot of the bed and lurched back up to Charlie. He then pulled her arms away from her body and lay her on her back. Before she knew what was going on he had used the gown sash to make a figure eight around her wrists and was busy tying every knot he learnt in boy scouts in an effort to attach it to the bed frame. He straddled her chest and looked down at his handy work with a grin.

"Best make your peace with it, Charlotte. You may be here a while," he said, countering her thunderous gaze.

"Oh, you didn't just full name me, did you!?" she replied, breaking the tension. Suddenly her mood lifted and she became playful and forgot herself. She struggled again the knots to see if she could get out but fell deflated a few moments later realising the mess of knots Jake had concocted might just hold.

Jake got off her when he knew she was stuck and sat at the side of bed. Looking down at her he took in her delicious body as her large breasts moved up and down from the heavy breathing of resistance. He couldn't quite believe this had worked.

Suddenly Charlie realised she could still do something and playfully kicked out at Jake, knocking him off the bed. She poked her tongue out at him.

He quickly scanned the room and saw a work tie laying on the floor. He picked it up and reached in towards Charlie as she tried to kick him again. He caught her left leg and quickly tied it to the bedpost.

"Tut, tut, tut. No kicking," he said, before grabbing the belt from her dressing gown and tied the other leg. Charlie looked up hoping for mercy but was met by the winning grin of Jake.

The image in front of him was almost obscene as her naked body was completely exposed to him. He took in her creamy white skin, from her chest, to her curvaceous hips, to her exposed pussy in this spread eagled position.

Jake returned to the bed and laid down next her. "Trust me?" he asked, as they were face to face. She nodded, silently, surrendering. He held her gaze but trickled his finger down her skin, tracing a line down to her exposed breasts and over a nipple, which instantly became hard as she groaned slightly. Then he slowly went deeper over the contours of her slightly chubby belly and onto her legs. He then let all his fingers stroke the inside of her thigh, moving upwards towards her sex but never touching it. He went down the other thigh and again explored the inside, almost tickling his way up. Charlie closed her eyes expecting to be touched but Jake continued to tease her.

As he played with her, he thought about her regression over the last few weeks and months. He thought he had opened her sexuality to the world and given her confidence but they were almost back at square one. He didn't want her to be frightened or ashamed of her body and wanted to make her love it and understand what it gave her. His finger now gently ran up the outer lips of her sex.

Charlie closed her eyes and took in the tactile experience, whilst starting to feel her body change. The fingers running over created tingles throughout and when he gently rubbed the lips of her opening the effect suddenly exploded and doubts turned into lust. She struggled against her restraints again but not through the want of escape but to press herself against his fingers and drown in their pleasure. He continued to tease her though and once he had done a lap of her opening he moved back up to her breasts. She lifted her chest in a subtle attempt to move him back to her lower regions but he lingered on her nipples and made both hard. As the fingers stroked and pinched at her mounds Charlie's legs started to tremble and shake, whilst she felt moisture grow within herself.

His pace slowed down and he slowly cupped her left boob and his thumb lazily flicked her nipple. "Plea..." she whispered, not able to finish the word as his mouth engulfed her chest and his teeth replaced his thumb, gently gnawing on the nipple. To Charlie's relief his hand returned south and quickly ran up her slit, flicking her growing bud as it exited. She took in a sharp intake of breath. Flickers of stars appeared under her closed eyelids. He bit hard on her nipple and then repeated the stroke. The moisture building inside her slipped out and coated his finger. The next stroke was slower, more deliberate, aware of the arousal he was causing. She felt him delve deeper, feeling her wetness. He then pressed hard on her clitoris as he passed and she felt electric bolts fire from nerve endings around her body.

He completed another stroke, this time running up one of her lips and circling her clit a few times, which caused her to stop breathing. Jake then used his whole hand on the next stroke and pressed hard on pubic bone as he made quick circles. Charlie pushed her arse in the air and pressed into his movements. He then slid his fingers down her pussy and made circles just inside her with two of his fingers as she leaked over him. She could now feel it consciously building within her and knew she wasn't far away from release.

Jake then slide his finger inside her and slowly withdrew it. She melted more. He then slipped two fingers in and reached for her g-spot. She started to groan. He slid in and out, slowly at first, as her hips started to sway around his movements. She felt every millimeter of his fingers and took delight as she felt the ridge of each joint go in and out of her.

He found her g-spot and gently rubbed it a few times. Charlie felt her lower half pulse and she lifted her bum a few inches off the bed. Her breathing had taken on a ragged staccato rhythm and she could feel her juices dribbling down between her butt-cheeks as her body started to move into another gear. With this Jake changed tactics and started to do long strokes ranging from her g-spot, out along her slit and over her clitoris. As he rhythmically did this at an increasing tempo Charlie started to lose control and she started to sweat. The strokes continued and continued, with more speed and more pressure. Soon he was viciously rubbing her inside, then moving outside, then back again. The lights went out. Charlie thrashed around on the bed and finally her back arched. She then violently vibrated as she screamed in pleasure. Finally her body went limp as she took in deep breaths.

Jake waited a few moments and leaned above her, seeing Charlie's eyes begin to open again. She repeatedly blinked and struggled to adjust to the light in the room. As her focus returned she returned his gaze and shyly smiled. He leaned in further and kissed her gently. As the kiss ended she remembered her restraints as she tried to move her arms downwards.

"Untie me?" she asked.

"No." Jake replied without emotion. He sat up on his knees and grabbed a glass of water. He leaned in again and fed the glass to her lips. She drank thirstily, as if she had never tasted the pureness of water before. After several gulps the water was taken away and he kissed her again. He then started to move down her body.

"Jake, no. I'm too sensitive-" she pleaded, but it fell on deaf ears.

Jake moved down her body rapidly as he felt her lift and twist her body as best she could in a pointless attempt to halt him. He reached between her legs and he kissed down her thighs and then back up, repeating his earlier tactics. Her movements became contradictory, where she would try and pull away from him with one leg but into him with the other.

As he reached her sex he held her thighs apart and gazed in at her beautiful pussy. It glistened with arousal and he had to taste it. He slowly slid his tongue from the bottom like a snake, meandering across her opening to the top. He stopped momentarily and stared lustily at her engorged bud. He left it alone and started at the bottom again. This time he had to taste her properly. His tongue slide deep inside the center of her sex and he lapped and tasted her juices whilst moving upwards. Again, at her peak waited her longing clit. He was tempted but simply stopped and felt Charlie's ragged breathing and trembling body. He went down a third time but kissed long her lips and around her trimmed pubic area whilst her trembling increased. He'd waited too long and ended his kissing trail by moving his lips over her button and sucking on it hard. Suddenly Charlie's body started to shake violently and he heard her scream out.

"FUCKKKKK!" she yelled, slightly shocking him as it was rare for her to swear, let alone in sexual passion.

Jake dived back downwards thinking he must be doing something right to be getting such a reaction. He lifted her buttocks with both hands and pressed her pussy against his mouth, proceeding to kiss, lick and tongue her for the next several minutes. He felt her cum numerous times on his mouth and tasted her running down his chin. He let her drop to the bed and started to suck on her clit, whilst he slid two fingers inside her and felt for her g-spot again. He moved quickly and built up a rapid pace straight away. Charlie's body had long since given up and just wobbled uncontrollably around him before going limp.

Looking around he took in the carnage around her. Sheets had gone everywhere and she lay half sheeting and half on bare mattress. At some point one of her legs had got free but they still stayed spread, open to the world. He looked up her body and saw how she was still trying to catch her breath, whilst under the hair that covered her face she looked as if she was almost sleeping.

He reached above her and undid the knots around her wrists, which remained where they were even after the resistance had gone. He then undid her remaining leg. She took a deep breath and slowly opened her eyes, looking straight at him, slowly smiling. She yawned and stretched out her arms, whilst he just kneeled above her and took in her battered beauty.

After a short while she lifted herself onto her hands and knees, before kneeling up. Jake smiled at her to check everything was ok and got a devilish grin in return, before she knocked him on his back. He glanced up, unsure what was about to happen and saw the siren in Charlie return as she went to work on his boxer shorts. In a matter of moments his dick was freed and planted firmly inside of her, as she rode him in cowboy position without mercy. She even went as far as to pin his arms down, in a mock replication of what he had done to her but this went no further and she simply smothered in ravenous kisses and ground on him hard. After just several minutes Jake felt the build up of the last hour unload through his penis as he came without control, whilst Charlie felt pleasure for one last time before falling on him, spent.

* * *

Over the next few weeks there was a renaissance in their lovemaking, where they would lust over each other in every spare moment they got. Charlie enjoyed the passivity of being tied up and felt more comfortable in this position to the point that it became a regular part of their sex-life. At first she would have to subtly coax Jake into doing it to her but finally she became confident enough to ask.

They reached a point that after Charlie got into her perjamas, ready for bed, she noticed strapping around the mattress of their bed. Perplexed, she pulled backed the covers and gasped. From all four covers came black tough nylon straps, with hand cuffs at the end. She gasped, and couldn't believe Jake had gone this far.

She turned quickly to find Jake and question his actions, only to find him waiting at the door to the bedroom with a big grin across his face.

"Where did you get..." she said, still confused.

"Online," he said quickly, shutting her down. "Want to try them on for size?" he asked before approaching her and pushing her down on the bed.

Charlie giggled and let him play his little game. She allowed him to put her arms in the cuffs, and felt him play with the device above her. She felt the material tighten around her wrists before hearing the Velcro stick together. Next he moved around her and her arms were pulled diagonally outwards as he tightened everything. He moved off the bed and admired his handiwork, whilst Charlie tried to see how tough they were. She felt the heavy weight of the mattress under her wrists, figuring out how the system worked.

"OK. Let me out?" She asked, looking up at him

"You haven't tried the leg parts, yet," he replied, almost sardonically.

Charlie rolled her eyes and spread her legs out by the restraints, only to have them grabbed by Jake. Suddenly he was pulling her bottoms down, leaving her naked from the waist down. She went to stop him but her arms were pinned to the mattress. Soon the pajama trousers were off and he was placing her legs in their clasps, which were soon taught and her legs spread wide.

"I bought us another little toy," Jake said, before reaching under the bed.

He pulled out a device she had never seen in the "flesh" before, but knew of. Several of her girlfriends owned one and highly recommended the so-called "wand" vibrator, but she had always been too prudish for any form of sex toy. It looked huge and she wasn't quite sure how it worked.

He looked down at her and noticed the "rabbit in the headlights" terror on her face, so he moved fast. He quickly stripped naked and pounced on top of her before starting to unbutton her pajama blouse. Soon the weight of her breasts pulled the blouse apart without the restraint of buttons, so Jake pushed the material aware from her chest and said, "A demonstration, madam?"

An almighty roar started as the vibrator was turned on, leaving her muted. Charlie felt like she was in some sort of a nightmare in which she was naked and tied to a dentist's chair, with the impending instruments of torture hovered over her, ready to do its worst. What was he going to do with that thing, she thought.

Then she felt something pleasurable, as the wand was run over her chest and he rolled it over her nipples. They soon went hard and she started to enjoy the tingle it caused as it touched each one of them. She was surprised how a tool that looked like it could do some real damage and was so loud could cause such delightful feelings.

Soon she felt it roll down her belly onto her neither regions, disappearing from her pinned gaze. It soon ran over her thighs, where she felt its massaging qualities, before running up to her sex and she felt something she had never felt before.

"Nice?" Jake asked, but Charlie wasn't sure. She had never experienced such a thing and she didn't know what feelings it might cause. She nodded meekly back at him, knowing that in her current predicament there was little she could do except accept its exploration of her body.

He turned the machine back on and ran it gently up and down her pussy. She tried to pull away from it every time it made contact with her clit as the feeling was too strong and she felt like she about to drop off the cliff of uncertainty into a blackhole. It was no good though and as it ran up her lips she started to feel an incredible intensity in her body. She felt as if her mind and body were becoming detached and in battle with one another. As it rolled over her bud again, sparks flew around her and it was like someone was drilling into her sex. She heard herself scream but it was like the sound of someone else, in some outer-of-body experience.
