 After our first couple of swinging experiences our sexual repertoire had increased considerably. Both my wife and I had grown stronger and more comfortable in our relationship. Now based on mutual respect and trust after 10 years of marriage. I am Raj 40yrs 5'10" very overworked and very fit I take time off from the office to hit the gym or pool at 8 pm everyday. My wife Priya is also very fit 5'4" with a 34B-25-34 figure. She is a 33 fair and with her highlighted hair and dress sense always makes heads turn. We both look much younger than our age and have been told on occasion. She is quite vivacious whereas I am quite the introvert.

Our next swinging experience took place on another fun filled weekend we took to Alibaug. We had invited a recently married couple to join us at our farm in Alibaug, which is a short boat ride away from Mumbai. Priya's friend from the gym had recently tied the knot; she had an arranged marriage fixed by her parents, after a honeymoon in Europe they were still settling down when Priya invited Sunita and Amit to join us for a weekend.

We packed the kids off to my mothers and set off in the catamaran on Friday evening, we had planned a late Sunday evening return. Both Sunita and Amit were much younger than both of us. Amit was around 25 and Sunita was just 22, Amit was slim reasonably fit 5'9" approximately 160 lbs with wheatish complexion, while Sunita was 5'6" very fair skinned, slim, but slightly busty for her frame. We got off the catamaran and into the jeep from my farm that had come to fetch us.

We covered the distance to the farm in about 20 minutes; it was around 7 pm when we reached the bungalow. 

"Wow," Amit whistled, "Some place you got here Raj," he said, taking in the expanse of the bungalow set by a small artificial lake. 

"I'll show you around in the morning, you will love the rest of the place," I replied. They were shown to the guest room by the servants, I informed Amit that we would be meeting down in the den for drinks in twenty minutes. Priya and I entered our bedroom and headed straight for the shower. We had a huge bathroom with a sunken tub made of Italian marble and equipped with Jacuzzi jets, and a separate shower area. We had a quick shower and changed into shorts and t-shirts. Priya dispensed with her bra; in her loose t-shirt she felt she didn't need one.

Amit and Sunita came down soon after us Amit was clad in jeans and a t-shirt, while Sunita had chosen a skirt and a singlet. I fixed a scotch and soda for Amit and myself and opened a bottle of white wine for the ladies. We moved out on the patio overlooking the lake, eating an assortment of kebabs and other snacks prepared by the cook. The conversation centered mostly around the recently weds, Priya took the lead in engaging them in conversation about their honeymoon experiences. 

We sat down to an early dinner, just biryani and raita, the snacks we had partaken with our drinks were quite heavy and we couldn't have really eaten much more. We sat down in the den and turned the air-conditioning on. Amit was very interested in what the farm and house had to offer. I told him that the house had a tennis court, outdoor hot tub and a Barbeque among other facilities. He seemed to be very impressed with the house and the furnishings. We played a few frames of pool while the women chatted among themselves. We couldn't hear much as they weren't speaking too loudly but I was sure I heard the word sex being mentioned a couple of times.

After the fifth frame I announced," Guys I'm tired, I'm retiring now."

"You go on ahead, I want to chat awhile," said Priya 

So I wished everybody and retired to my bedroom. I must have dozed off as soon as I stripped and hit the sack. I woke up around midnight to take a piss and noticed that Priya had still not come to bed. Putting on just a pair of boxers I walked into the den looking for her, but the den was empty.

I went back up the stairs and heard Priya's voice coming from the guest room. I gently tried the door and found it was unlocked. Opening the door gently I was amazed at the sight in front of me. Three nude bodies on the bed, Sunita with her legs spread wide exposing her puffed up shaved pussy, her breasts falling to either side of her torso and Priya on her knees holding Amit's condom covered cock and guiding him gently into Sunita. 

My dick stood up at attention and I removed my boxers as I walked closer to them. Sunita saw my approach with my dick preceding me and immediately clamped her legs together. 

This caused Priya and Amit to turn and look at me, "I..." stammered Amit, not quite knowing quite what to say, having been caught in a compromising position with my wife.

"Just helping them out sweetheart, they needed some help with their bedroom skills," said Priya, still holding on to Amit's erection. 

"Carry on don't mind me," I replied stroking my erect penis. Both Amit and Sunita looked terrified and in shock, Sunita had her legs clamped together and Amit's condom covered dick suddenly went limp in Priya's hand.

"Now look at what you've done," complained Priya, "Just got him hard enough to have sex and you've scared him, he's already come twice. He's having a problem with premature ejaculation; he barely manages to enter her and ejaculates. They have had really crappy sex during their honeymoon. Amit has barely managed to enter her a few times and when he has managed to do so he has lost control almost immediately. They are both sexually inexperienced and confided in me and asked for help and advice. So here I am, verbal advice wasn't going to cut it. I had to get into bed with them. I stripped nude just so they would be comfortable with me in their bed." 

"Sorry guys," I said, not knowing quite what to do, I knew I had to do something.

Climbing on to the edge of the bed I put my erect penis to Priya's lips, she opened her mouth and could barely manage a couple of inches. My dick is about 7.5 inches, uncut and extremely thick. Sunita stared wide-eyed at my dick as Priya licked the underside and played with my balls. 

"Why don't you do the same Sunita, follow our lead," I said to her. 

Amit unrolled the condom and exposed his limp dick. He too was uncut and his foreskin had been pulled back exposing the purplish head. Sunita hesitatingly licked the exposed head and lo his dick sprang up in no time. I estimated that he would be close to seven inches and reasonably thick. 

"Play with his balls and lick and suck every inch," I advised. Once she got over her initial hesitation she attacked her husbands groin with gusto. Amit's face contorted again, " Relax Amit take deep breaths and enjoy it, Sunita, go slow, suck for a while and stop, then start again," Slowly Amit's face softened as he relaxed and taking deep breaths placed his hands on his wife's body.

I pulled out of Priya's mouth and motioned her to lie down. Starting from her forehead I tongue kissed her all the way down to her pussy on the way I spent a good amount of time on her breasts licking and sucking her nipples. I was pleased to see that Amit had followed suit and was doing the same to Sunita. 

I leaned over and pointed out Sunita's clit to Amit. "Lick this little nub," I told him. "You mean you want me to lick her down there," said Amit, his face contorting with disgust. "I can't do that."

"Watch," I replied and leaned across and licked Sunita's love button, slathering my tongue over her puffed lips. She bucked and thrashed as I continued my oral stimulation of her vagina. 

"Aah..." she wailed as the first throes of her orgasm hit her body thrashing under the expert ministrations of my tongue.

Amit watched wide-eyed as his wife thrashed under me, her juices flowing copiously out of her vagina.

"Well", I told him, "What do you think?" 

"I.... err," stammered Amit, too stumped for words. 

"Now you lick Priya," I said, and watched as he slowly lowered his mouth onto Priya's wet pussy. 

He started off tentatively but slowly picked up his tempo as he lapped hungrily. His tongue kept lapping and exploring until he was rewarded with Priya's shuddering orgasm. He looked up, his chin shiny with Priya's juices, a sense of pride in his eyes; he had successfully satisfied a much more sexually experienced older woman. And to cap it all he had kept his dick hard right thru without spurting his seed.

"That wasn't so bad was it?" I questioned.

"No it was quite nice," he grinned back sheepishly. 

We relaxed and chatted in the nude, all inhibitions shed. Priya took hold of Amit's dick and guided him to the bathroom. 

"Ouch, the waters cold," complained Amit as Priya hit his groin with cold water from the hand shower. Under pressure from the cold water Amit's erection deflated quickly. Still quite not satisfied Priya continued spraying until Amit's dick had shrunk to a tiny percentage of its limp state. Finally having done what she had set out to do she led Amit out into the bedroom. 

"Look what I did to him," laughed Priya as she forced Amit down on the bed and proceeded to wrap her lips around his limp cock. It didn't take long for Amit's dick to rise to a rock hard state. 

"Raj kiss Sunita get her ready for Amit," she ordered. 

They stared intently as my mouth went to work on Sunita's shaved triangle; I ran my tongue into her vagina and tasted her musky juices as they started to flow. Finally Priya appeared to be satisfied. Moving me aside she stuck a finger into Sunita to check the wetness of her love canal. 

"Come now, let's get you started," Priya said, unrolling a condom over Amit's erection. "Remember to relax completely, Sunita is very wet so you shouldn't have any problem entering her, just remember to go slow." 

Amit slowly slid his erect cock into Sunita's waiting pussy until finally he was buried to the hilt. Both the young lovers appeared to be in ecstasy. 

"Don't move Amit," commanded Priya, "Just relax, don't be tense, get used to the feel of her pussy." They stayed motionless for a full five minutes. Slowly on Priya's prodding Amit started moving, gently riding his wife, Sunita moaned, her husband's cock was finally satisfying her pussy.

"Stop," ordered Priya, inserting her fingers between the two lovers as she reached in and started massaging Sunita's clit. Satisfied that she had caused Sunita's pussy to secrete more juices she withdrew her hand and tapping Amit's buttocks motioned him to start fucking his wife again.

Amit managed a full six minutes before his body went rigid and he spurted his seed into the condom, filling it with his creamy cum. He withdrew his rapidly deflating cock from his wife's love canal, but Sunita kept thrusting her hips upwards hoping to find her husbands hard cock waiting to give her pleasure. Finding nothing she moaned in deep frustration. 

"Raj enter her," Priya gestured, asking me to fill the young wife's vagina with my thick cock. I looked questioningly at Amit who nodded his acceptance. "Don't worry he's snipped, can't get her pregnant," she consoled Amit. 

Holding my thick tool I guided it slowly into his wife's sopping wet pussy. She was extremely tight, practically a virgin. I slowly fed inch after inch of my thick throbbing erection into her love hole. She moaned with delight and bucked her hips as I achieved full penetration; keeping a steady pace I fucked her tight pussy and latched onto her very firm full breasts with my mouth. 

This drove her wild and she thrashed wildly under me, her nails raking my back. I increased my pace of my coupling with the young bride as her pussy secreted more juices and adjusted to my thickness. I fucked her harder until I felt her vagina convulse as she orgasmed around my cock. I stopped, and resting my chest on her heaving breasts kissed her deeply, she responded by offering her tongue to me. I took her tongue deep into my mouth as we continued our oral contact.

I turned her over exposing her rounded butt cheeks and inserted my dick into her well-lubricated and satisfied love canal. Priya in the meanwhile had been quite busy, having helped Amit clean up and after sucking him to hardness, mounted his throbbing hardon after cladding him with a condom. Amit stared wide eyed as he watched me fuck his wife doggy style, but he soon got distracted as Priya rode him and placed his hands on her firm breasts. 

As I pounded deep into her pussy, I reached out and played with my young lovers clit, driving her to a very pleasurable zone as she thrust her buttocks against my hips. Amit reached out and played with his wife's freely swinging breasts as I continually hammered her from behind and stuck a thumb up her virginal arsehole. These extra stimulation's proved too much for the young bride as she wailed loudly, enjoying her third orgasm for the night. She groaned as I pounded her overflowing vagina brutally, begging me to stop, but the pressure in my balls was building and I had to find release, which came almost instantly.

My softening cock still lay buried in her, our juices mingling on our thighs as we lay spooned watching as our spouses paced their coupling. Priya held Amit's hands down as she varied the pace of her impaled penile ride. She wanted her ride to go the distance with him. She totally controlled the pace of their coupling stopping her young lover from bucking his hips to meet her. 

She rubbed her clit hard on his crotch wanting to make sure that her lover made her orgasm so as to give him confidence while having sex. She was quite sure he just suffered from performance anxiety, there was nothing wrong with him physically.

Sure enough her technique proved successful, she writhed on top of Amit as she reached the climax of her coupling. As her orgasm waned she goaded her lover into bucking his hips into her sending his hard cock into her waiting vagina. Amit did himself proud as he managed to hold back for a while before cumming into my wife's vagina. 

"Thank you lover boy," purred Priya as her lips held Amit in lip a locking embrace," You were great."

Sexually satiated now we lay back our lower bodies sticky with our love juices. All four of us ran went thru the corridor into our bedroom, dicks swinging and breasts bouncing as we moved hastily. We went into the bathroom and turned on the shower taking turns as the women cleaned each other then calling us in one at a time thoroughly washed our bodies. Sunita for one was particularly keen on making sure I was clean. She licked and examined my balls and dick and made sure she washed every exposed inch. 

All this close contact caused our dicks to start rising again slowly.

"Please girls," I said; "I need to get some sleep now." I trundled out of the bathroom and checked the clock it was nearing 4 am. Adjusting the air-conditioning thermostat I jumped into bed and watched my wife and her naked friends drying each other after exiting the bathroom. 

Sunita and Amit walked over to me, "Thanks Raj for everything, we couldn't have done this without you guys. Its not easy not being able to sexually satisfy your wife and believe me we would never have managed without you both," said Amit. "Goodnight," said Sunita as she kissed me softly on my lips and gently holding my flaccid penis she kissed it goodnight too. At this we all burst into laughter.

We woke up around noon the next day, showered and dressed casually. Going down to the patio we sat down to a brunch of eggs, salmon and champagne. Sunita and Amit joined us an hour later their faces flushed. 

"What have you two been up to?" inquired Priya. 

"Nothing just fucking each other's brains out since morning," grinned Amit. "I don't know how to thank you." 

"You don't have to do anything," said Priya as she hugged him. " I'm just glad that we were able to help, Sunita is very dear to me I would do anything to help her".

After brunch we took a leisurely walk as I showed them around the farm. Amit faked interest and I could tell he was keen to bed his wife once again. I cut the tour short, and they retired once again to their bedroom to enjoy their newfound sexuality. Priya went along for a while to aid and supervise their progress while I busied myself with a few pending things that needed to be attended too. She returned within the hour and joined me.

"How're they doing?" I enquired 

"Excellent, fucking away like rabbits," she replied smiling.