 We're a group of guys in our mid 20's that are always looking out for adventure. A lot of people around us say we are nuts, but we say life is short, so enjoy it.

Anyway, there were eight of us packed into Andy's hot new van one afternoon in June last year when we hit the road. 

A few of us weren't seeing anyone and the others that were hadn't seen any action sexually for awhile from their girlfriends, so we decided to pool some money together and cruise downtown to find a hot hooker or two to give all our horny cocks a workout for our cash, either one by one or even a gangbang.

As it turned out, we didn't get a hooker, but we did get ourselves a VERY hot time. And it wasn't with the usual kind of chick that we had set out to look for.

We were about ten miles away from the next town when we spotted this redhead that must have weighed about 200 pounds and in her thirties, standing on the side of the road with her thumb out. 

Now mind you, I wasn't into the bigger woman thing up until this time, but Carlos was into that kind of thing.

"Better than no pussy at all," he had commented.

And damn, she wasn't one of those sloppy fat chicks; she was shaped real nice, was a knockout and had a pair of tits that had to be at least a 40DD and certainly wouldn't quit! 

We could all easily see "fuck me" written all over her, as she wasn't wearing a bra under her low cut white T-shirt and a skirt that left little to the imagination. 

Much to my surprise, my own dick was already hard just seeing her.

I looked over at Carlos and Andy, and I could see tents rising up in their pants also. It wasn't long before the others and myself told Andy to pull over and pick her up.

"Need a ride, baby?" Andy asked, studying her tits.

"Only if you're going my way," the redhead purred back.

Damn right we were!

We opened the door and Carlos helped her in and she introduced herself as Sharon. 

We introduced ourselves around and began chatting as we made our way down the road about a few miles, and how the conversation turned to our original plan, I can't remember now, but Sharon grinned at us.

"Now why would you want some dirty, skanky hookers that probably have some nasty diseases when you got a nice, clean woman right here?" she said sexily. 

"You know, I could really use a good fuck right now, and you can also consider it payment for giving me a ride. 

"Have you all ever gangbanged a woman? I only did it once, but it was only with four guys."

Talk about some sheer luck on our part... this chick not only willingly accepted a ride from us, but wasn't turned off in the least at the prospect of having eight cocks to fuck her!

Sharon then went over to Andy and cuddled close to him, running her hand from the outside of his thigh down to the inside, and over his already bulging crotch. 

He gasped and moaned as she rubbed her hand over that same spot continuously, his dick growing larger under the cloth of his pants.

"I want to fuck your big cock first while your friends watch, Andy," her voice growled in his ear.

"Baby, my cock is all yours!" Andy cheered.

She continued to rub his cock, this time harder, squeezing it once in a while, as he looked for a remote area to pull the van into so we wouldn't be bothered by anyone or busted by the cops. 

Once we found a spot in some deep woods, Andy parked and began to grope at Sharon's breasts through her shirt. 

Soon, she was completely naked and we all got an eyeful of her.

"Suck my tits, Andy. Suck them good while your buddies watch me ride your hard cock."

Getting naked himself, he moved both of his hands to her full rack and began to squeeze and knead them. 

He lowered his head at the same time as he clenched his fingers into their softness, lightly biting on the first nipple and he slowly drew his tongue around it, letting his teeth draw across its peak. 

Around and around, his tongue drew circles, until he just had to suck on it. He pulled with his teeth and then sucked with his lips. 

"Ohhh, baby, that's it. Suck my tits real good. Fuck me good baby..get that cock deep inside me..make me cum!" 

Sharon then looked over at the rest of us and smiled as he worked on her massive globes with his mouth while she bounced up and down on his pole.

"Fuck... fuck... fuck... fuck me with that big cock..oh yeah, fuck me, Andy! Oh God, yes! FUCK ME! I'm going to cum!!!!!!"

Andy then took his mouth off her tits, grabbing her waist and slamming her onto his dick as she exploded. 

Sharon screamed out in pleasure as she came, her cunt juices spilling over Andy's cock and balls.

"Oh yeah, Andy... fuck me harder! Fuck!"

"Ride me, you whore," he grunted. "Fuck that cock, you bitch... I'm gonna cum... I'm gonna cum now in your hot cunt! Fuck that dick..show my buddies how to fuck a cock!"

"Oh God yes, Andy... fuck me! Fucking cum in me! Fill me with your cum!"

Andy's balls tightened as his seed shot into her hot slit and Sharon rode him harder, her cunt grabbing his cock until the last stream of cum had left him, then she climbed off of him, spreading her legs for the rest of us.

"So who else wants some of this?" she asked, offering her shaved, pink, cum-filled pussy.

My mind was gone with lust as I dove between her thighs, sucking her clit and licking the outside of her pussy lips. 

Sharon moaned in ecstasy as my mouth made its way around her sweet cunt for at least the next ten minutes as the other seven guys stroked their cocks watched with horny looks on their faces. 

Sharon writhed and moaned as I worked over her full body, my cock finally sliding deep into her wet pussy as far as it would go, fucking her as I gently bit on her nipples.

"Oh God!" Sharon gasped. "I'm going to cum! FUCK! Fucccccccccccck meeeeeeeeee!!!!"

I fucked her harder as her climax spilled over my cock, her hips bucking wildly until she completed her orgasm.

Still having my cock inside her, she rolled me over until I was on my back, riding my cock hard as she had ridden Andy's earlier.

"Fuck me, Matt," she panted as she rode me. "Come on, fuck me with that big dick... make me cum!"

"You want this cock, baby?" I panted back, my hips thrusting up to meet hers. 

"You like getting fucked, slut? Is this why you wanted to ride with us? You like all this cock? You like to fuck while being watched? Yeah... fuck this cock, you whore!"

That sent her over the edge, as Sharon began to cum in another intense orgasm on my cock. 

She rode me to my own orgasm, my own sperm shooting deep inside her hot, willing cunt, and she didn't stop riding my dick until I could cum no longer.

Pushing me aside once we had cum, she went over to Carlos and grabbed his own massive dick, fondling it.

"I know you've been ready for awhile," she leered at him, eyeing his cock hungrily.

She gripped her hand around his eight-inch tool and began to slowly bring it up and down, up and down, while he moved to her breasts. 

As he sucked her tits harder, she pumped his faster; up and down, faster, harder, enough to make his balls tense and him wanting to cum right there and then.

She sensed his cumming and, wanting to draw it out, she put her face into his lap and went to work on his raging hard-on. 

She gently flicked her tongue out over his head, causing his breath to draw in quickly. 

Her tongue slid down the underside of his dick and down to his balls; she came back to the top of his long hard cock and started to take him all the way into her mouth.

She relaxed her throat muscles, letting his penis slide in. Before she knew it, she had the whole thing in her mouth and down her throat, Carlos groaning in pleasure. 

She began to go as fast as she could, up and down. He grabbed the back of her head with one hand and forced her to go faster. Up and down, her head bobbed. 

He started to feel it, that he was going to cum, and suddenly, his balls tightened and his cock exploded in her mouth, shooting load after load into her throat, which she drank greedily. 

His groans and grunts were audible as Sharon swallowed every last drop of Carlos' cum.

Paul was jacking his own nine-inch cock, and hot from the deep throating Sharon had just given Carlos, he begged her to just to let him give her her own turn.

Sharon eyed his cock appreciatively. "No. I want to ride your own cock, much more than I want to be eaten out. I want to have all of that big cock inside of me and ride you. I want to feel you inside me."

Sharon swung one well-built leg over to the other side of him. He squirmed and tried to thrust into her but she wouldn't let him in just yet. 

First, she pushed her breasts into his face. He devoured each tit once, using his tongue as Sharon moaned, with the biting, pulling and sucking.

"Oh God, fuck me now, Paul. Stick your big cock in my cunt now, you stud! Fuck me now!"

Paul's cock was so hard that all he could do was stick it in her. 

He thrust hard, into her wet and tight cunt. He pulled back, all the way out, making her groan and then thrust back in, harder than before. She matched him thrust for thrust as they fucked each other's brains out.

She was pumping up and down, jamming her pussy on his throbber, and he was pounding her cunt with his hard cock, over and over again, harder and harder.

She was screaming, "Oh, Paul, fuck meeeeeee!!!!!! Oh my God, fuck me, fuck me, fuck meeeeeee!! Harder, harder, fuck me harder! Deeper! Fuck deeeeeeeeeper! YES! YES! FUCK ME, YOU BIG COCK STUD!"

Her felt her pussy tighten around his cock, just as he felt his cum approach. Paul blew his load deep inside Sharon's cunt. 

She felt his cock far up inside of her, felt his penis come and take over her insides. 

There was so much of his jism, that it was leaking out of her pussy, before she collapsed on top of him, panting and sweating.

Sharon then climbed off Paul's spent cock. "So who's next?" she leered. "Who wants to fuck me next?"

Grinning and coming forward for a piece of ass of his own, Alex was hard as a rock after seeing Sharon go at it with me, Carlos, Andy and Paul.

"That was a great show, guys. Now let's show her how good it can really be."

Grinning back at him, Sharon slid to where Alex was. He put both hands on her breasts, squeezing them hard, while he kissed her. 

She undid his pants, revealing no underwear. She grabbed his erection, hard in her hands and pumped it furiously, while he began to suck on her huge tits. 

She beat him off fast, and suddenly he grabbed her around the waist, and hauled her up to him, so that she could wrap her legs around him. 

Alex set Sharon onto the seat and slowly lowered his head down to her waiting, wet cunt. 

He flicked his tongue over her clit and set to work, biting on her clit, sliding his tongue in her crack, and sucking each of her lips individually. 

He moved to just sucking on her clit, and she was writhing and thrusting her hips into his face. He then shoved his whole tongue in her hole, flipping it around, tongue fucking every inch of her pussy.

He put his fingers over her clit and fingered her as hard as he could. Sharon panted as her orgasm washed over her.

"Alex, fuck me, lick me... fuck me now!"

Her body convulsed and Alex sucked up all of her cunt juices as they flowed freely over his face. He then flipped her over, so she could ride him, and she reached down to his throbbing dick.

The rest of us watched Alex and Sharon as we stood completely naked, whacking off. 

We watched as Sharon's hand was on Alex's dick as she guided it to her juice-dripping cunt. He plowed into her, causing her to scream in orgasm instantly.

Billy hadn't gotten in on the action yet; Sharon knew what was coming and she wanted it badly, therefore she slowed in her fucking of Alex and let Billy grab her tits, rubbing and gripping them. 

He guided his dick to her ass and felt around. It was so wet from all her cunt juices that he just slid right into her ample ass as Sharon moaned in bliss. 

He was all the way up inside of her ass, fucking her slowly. She nudged her ass back at him, wanting more, deeper thrusts, and Billy took the hint. 

He fired into her, and Alex continued fucking Sharon from the front.

She now had one full, large cock in her pussy and another in her ass, both pumping her so hard she thought that she might cum again right then and there.

"Oh fuck!" she cried as both cocks slid in and out of her. "Fuck me, you studs!" 

One orgasm rocked her, but neither man stopped, or even slowed his thrusts. She urged both Billy and Alex to fuck her harder, faster, to never stop. 

She began to pound back, grinding hard down on Alex's big cock, and then shoving her ass as hard as she could into Billy's dick behind her. 

"I'm CUMMMMMMMINGGGGGGGGGG!!!!" Sharon screamed out.

"FUCK ME! FUCK ME! DON'T EVER STOP FUCKING MEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!"

Alex was panting and grunting, almost ready to explode inside of her dripping pussy, while Billy just could not get enough of her tight, hot ass.

Suddenly, Alex felt her pussy wrench onto his cock and he let go, letting a huge groan out and shooting large loads of all his cum into her. 

Billy said that he felt her ass quiver and grip his dick, and that caused him to spill all his own seed into her ass as the three of them came together. 

She screamed out their names in pure ecstasy, her body shuddering as her orgasm took over.

Sharon exploded and all of their juices mixed inside of her as all three bodies went limp and just lay there for a few minutes panting, out of breath. 

"Dammit, you guys can really fuck!" she panted in strong praise. 

"So who else is ready for some fucking?" she leered at the rest of us.

The eight of us were so fucking excited of having such a hot, redheaded slut among us, that we were surprised we didn't kill each other over who would be sucked by or fuck her next.

Sharon beckoned all eight of us over around her, all of us hard as rocks, then going from cock to cock with her hot, wet mouth as she took turns at sucking each of us.

She wasn't just sucking those cocks, she was attacking them like a sex starved whore. 

Her sucking sounds mixed with moans of pleasure and expressions of delight of those receiving those blow jobs were really getting all of us off, and it didn't take very long for each of us to relieve our cocks of hot seed into Sharon's mouth, her taking down every drop of cum from all of us.

She worked with her mouth and hands to get each of us hard again, then started fucking two and three of us at a time.

Sharon then fucked all of us individually as the rest of the guys watched, stroking their own eager tools and waiting their turns at Sharon's mouth, cunt and ass.

She was now sucking my cock and still ready for more as she climbed onto Carlos and began riding his pole wildly, as if he would be the last man she would fuck for the rest of her life.

Sharon was so good at sucking my cock, it hadn't taken me long to cum; my own girlfriend had never gotten me off the way Sharon had. 

I fired load after load of hot seed into her mouth; she drained my cock of the last drop of cum, then licked her lips.

Sharon then continued to ride Carlos' huge dick for at least twenty minutes until he emptied his own huge wads of cum in her cunt.

Then Spike, Jack, Andy, Paul, Billy and Alex took turns at her cunt and asshole. The woman was a total fuck machine!

"Oh yeah, that's it... fuck me in the pussy and fuck me in the ass... oooohhhhh... make me cum... oh shit... YEAH! FUCK MY HOLES... I'M CUMMMMMMMMMING!!!!!"

After being fucked over and over, she began to deep throat cock after cock again even more as she wrapped her fingers around another two at a time.

She bobbed her head back and forth between cocks, sucking them greedily while two more dicks continued to pound her pussy and ass.

After several more minutes and she had fucked and sucked us all, she slid back, asking us to gather around her.

"Okay, boys, I want your cum on my big tits and all over my body... come on, do it... give it to me now... I want your cum, guys... all of it... cum on me!"

Each guy was stroking his own cock while aimed right at Sharon's huge mounds of flesh. 

She went from cock to cock with her mouth bouncing her head up and down twice on each one before moving to the next.

Paul was first to cum. Right after she pulled her mouth off him, he let out a roar. 

A steady stream of creamy white liquid splashed onto her upper chest and soaked both her huge tits. 

A second shot went right into Sharon's mouth and dribbled down her chin when she wrapped her lips around his still gushing cock and swallowed the rest of his creamy load down her throat.

Billy stepped up while she had Paul in her mouth and splattered her ass with his own hot load. 

She turned to him and got a second huge shot of cum on her tits before she could get her mouth on his own big cock.

Five other guys came all over Sharon at the same time, blasting the rest of her body with stream after stream of semen. 

Sharon sucked them clean one at a time, then turned to me. I was looking down at her and stroking hard. 

She looked up at me, displaying her now cum drenched body.

"Come on baby... give it to me... give me your cum... squirt it all over my tits and cunt... I want it... I want your cum... do it... come on... cum on me... "

I finally let loose. A powerful stream of hot white cum blasted onto her tits; a second shot blasted Sharon's shaved cunt mound and her thighs.

I then shoved my cock inside her and a third shot went up into her hot pussy to mix with the rest of the cum from her earlier multiple fuck sessions with me and the other seven guys.

She finished cleaning me then looked up at the group. Cum was still streaming down the rest of her body and was all over her tits.

We then cleaned up the best we could, Sharon getting the cum off herself before putting her clothes back on. 

We then dropped her off where she needed to go and she grinned back sexily at us, giving us her phone number.

Of course, we couldn't go without at least giving this sexy bitch something for her "services," so we paid her the $200 we had planned to give the hooker we originally were scouting for before coming across Sharon.

"Thank you, boys. Payment wasn't necessary, but there's more where that fucking and sucking just came from, look me up anytime!"

You better believe we will!