 "Would you like to watch a couple have sex right in front of your eyes?" a beautiful seductive voice called from the darkness. It seemed to flow into the 35-year-old man in his white shirt and Marvin the Martian tie, filling him with lust and passion, as sweet and primal as morning dew. Jim craned his head to get a look at the beautiful siren who called to him, but she was nowhere. Still, he saw her, because the image in his mind's eye was so clear. She was tall and buxom, with golden blond hair that simmered and flowed as if immersed in water. Her face was at once both gentle and ruthless, and she was unselfconsciously naked from head to toe. She had more the feel of a proud stallion than that of a common woman.

"I'd love to," Jim replied. His balls were tightening in his work pants and his cock was getting harder. His palms were sweating and he felt like a horny teenager. He swallowed uncertainly. His throat was parched and it felt like he was having trouble breathing.

"Well then, you are tired to a chair in a chastity device, the back is electrified so it will shock you if your posture gets sloppy," the voice continued, sweet as honey. It hit the man in the stomach like a flash of pure passion.

Jim opened his eyes, and suddenly it was as all as the woman had said. The wooden chair was very hard under his buttocks. His arms were secured firmly behind his back, getting a little numb where the rope limited his circulation, and his cock strained against its glass restraint, throbbing miserably, aching to be free to grow to its full length and girth. Jim wiggled around a little. He relaxed his posture slightly, and zap, a hundred volts of alternating current flowed through his body. He convulsed uncontrollably. It took him nearly five minutes to recover from the shock. His heart was racing madly and he was covered in sweat. His white-collared skirt clung unflatteringly to his non-ideal figure; he was a bit pudgy and soft from years of office work, but it left him looking cute and cuddly, like a human teddy bear. Jim, however, was very self-conscious about his weight, and every year made a resolution to diet and exercise, but eventually work stress always got to him and he would drown his sorrows in Hot Pockets and Warhammer.

If only he had a beautiful young woman in his life to give him a run around the block a couple times a week, he was convinced he'd manage to loose the weight and keep it off. Unfortunately, he was naturally shy, and terrible at dating. A year ago, his beautiful wife of ten years had left him for a woman, eroding most of his remaining confidence in the opposite sex. He had long since given up going to bars and scouring the internet. He had almost given up jacking off altogether, he was so depressed. But all that was a million miles from his brain at the moment.

Jim was sweating as though he had sprinted a mile. There were pools under his armpits and his crotch was drenched with sweat. He was such a messy mixture of lust, shame, nervousness and childish excitement. He couldn't wait to see what would happen next.

A beautiful couple walked in from the abyss. They were perfect in every way. They seemed to glow from head to toe. Perfect hair, perfect muscles, perfect skin, perfect breasts, perfect genitals. They made supermodels seem like petty little girls in comparison. She, the woman, the lovely goddess, leaned in close to him so her hard nipples tickled his shirt-covered chest, making him sigh in anticipation. 

She spread her legs wide apart to torment him, and by god he was tormented. He devoured his agony like a starving man. Oh god, that cunt! It looked so sweet and juicy, so perfect, so divine, he could almost taste it. Its smell was reaching him, wafting in on a perfectly placed wind. The scent was delightful. He would have given anything to wedge his slutty little tongue into that sweet perfect pussy. He moaned like a whore. He thought he would die.

The man drew behind them and navigated himself into his woman quickly and skillfully. She cried out with the voice of an opera diva, her tones rich with a mixture of pleasure and surprise. The cry deepened into a earthy moan as the couple continued to fuck on top of Jim. He could feel every thrust, every squirm, every giggle as though he could directly read their pleasure though some kind of antenna. His body felt more alive, more real than it had in years. He felt slender and powerful.

The man came and the woman thrust her pussy in Jim's face. He greedily snaked his tongue, devouring the alkaline seed from her. It tasted like igneous rock and sea foam, and left his belly satisfied and hungry for more. He felt a little like a babe at the breast, but was too engaged to blush over the imagery. His cock strained against the device that bound it. It throbbed and whimpered for release. He licked and sucked as though his life depended on it, not even noticing as his body convulsed with the electricity once or twice more.

The beautiful man thrust his member at him, and Jim was at ends what to do. He was a red-blooded male and not at all interested in cock. Also, he had a sore spot with homosexuality, because of his ex. He hated to think of her face contorted with climax as another woman vigorously fisted her.

He felt his body convulse again and decided, what the heck. He wanted to impress the beautiful woman, and it was a very magnificent penis, it was not at all like sucking any old cock.

He stuck his tongue out tentatively, rather nervous what another man's dick would taste and feel like. His heart was pounding very hard with nerves. He felt like a fool. But he licked the cum from the tip of the head. Fortunately it wasn't all that different in texture or taste from the magnificent cunt he had just licked immaculately clean, and its wasn't bad overall.

Even Jim's tentative tongue was been enough to get the man ready for his beautiful partner, and they were at each other again in no time. She sat on Jim's lap this time, her legs spread, and her mate navigated himself into her a little more roughly. They rocked back and forth, somehow miraculously missing the pain of electrocution with every thrust. It made Jim dizzy with pleasure and nerves. The couple's pace was becoming more and more feverish. Jim's back muscles were getting very sore from maintaining his posture. Beads of sweat were dripping down his face. The sound of their moans was like a volcano erupting. It split Jim's ears and made his aching head pound beyond all reason. The couple came explosively. Jim felt every second of it. It was so sweet, so overwhelming, like something from another world.

--- Jim Drye awoke with a start. His cell phone was ringing. He rolled over and pulled the device from his bedside table, glancing at the name tagged to the call: Mark Haynes. Jim blanched, a dark epiphany overwhelming him. He realized that his boss, Mark, the man on the phone, was the model for the godlike man in his dream. His heart was pounding, but he took a deep breath and accepted the call.

"Hey, did you have a late night or something? It's 8:45 and you're supposed to be giving a presentation in fifteen minutes." 

It was like the inverse of that dream where he was caught in school, unprepared for a final exam, in nothing but his underwear. Jim rushed out of bed and into his clothing. After a moment of indecision he reached for his Marvin the Martian tie rather than his black one, and hung it around his neck.

He grabbed his notes, a Weight Watchers bar (to keep his blood sugar from dropping during the meeting), and rushed out to the garage to get his car. He only lived about five miles from work and normally tried to bike twice a week, but now every minute counted. 

He pulled out of his parking spot, the diet bar hanging from his lips, and hurried over the speed bumps and out of his little, overpriced, run-down building complex.

He ran up the four flight of stairs, his legs moving more skillfully and with more power than he was accustomed to. The blood pumping through his muscles reminded him vaguely of the rhythm of his hand on his genitals when he would masturbate in the shower. The old crazy Vietnam vet on the corner he sometimes ate his lunch-time burrito with would have said he had the Devil chasing him, but Jim knew better. He felt really, truly alive for maybe the first time in his life.

He was hardly out of breath when he opened the doors to the conference room. He didn't cringe and cower the way he usually did when he apologized for being late. He stood tall with his chest out. His ridiculous lopsided cartoon necktie was somehow transformed into a badge of honor. His voice was loud and proud, rich and sweet and thick as honey.

Overall, the presentation went well. He convinced Mark, his high school buddy and supervisor, and Mark's supervisor Dawn, to implement the program he had been working on to improve office productivity, and he even caught his new cute trainee Kristen looking up at him once or twice in wide-eyed admiration. She was wearing that pink button-up shirt he liked so much, the one that was just a little too small so the button over her breasts would come undone at inappropriate moments.

If Jim had been a praying man, one of his nightly prayers would be that Kristen should never decide to get rid of that shirt.

Mark walked up behind Jim and patted him on the back, hard but affectionately. "Well done buddy, I knew you had it in you. I haven't seen you give a speech like that since high school." Jim smiled, but he didn't say anything. He was all out of cleverness for the day and didn't want anyone to notice. "Hey, you know what?" Mark added as Jim moved towards the small office he shared with Kristen and another young employee. "Nick's wife accidentally dropped her kid last night, so I'm one man short of a poker table. I know you aren't much for cards, but Amber and I would love it if you came. It would be just like old times and Amber makes an awesome dip that goes great with Doritos. You haven't lived until you've tried it."

Amber was Mark's ultra-hot young finance. They had been living together for years now, but never quite settled down together. Of course, Amber was a third-year medical student, and not yet sure where her career would take her, so that might have something to do with it. Still, if she had been Jim's woman, he would have married her quick rather than risk having her stolen from under him.

"You know what, sure," Jim said. He was standing just inside his office with his hand on the door, eager to shut it and disappear into the world of computers. "I could use a change of pace. What time do you guys normally meet?"

"We are supposed to start at eight, but you'd better make it eight thirty, we never start on time," Mark said with a laugh. Jim nodded and waved goodbye, and Mark wandered off to be useful somewhere else. Jim swung the door closed and settled into his chair. He signed complacently, almost as though the air was leaking out of him, and set himself to work.

Kristen leaned over his desk to look at the program he was writing, something that normally made him feel crowded and uncomfortable, but today it made him think of the pretty pink bra with the white ribbon she liked to wear under the shirt.

"Impressive," Kristen said, putting her hand on his shoulder affectionately. "Some day you're going to have to teach me to be half as good at debugging as you are."

"It's mostly experience. When you get to be my age, you learn a trick or two," he said modestly, adding in a sly wink. He was rewarded with a bright smile that warmed him to the core. In fact, he caught himself blushing.

Jim looked at his computer clock and noticed that it was almost noon. Hoping that his good luck would hold just a little bit longer he offered to treat his protégé to lunch, but she apologized profusely, explaining that she had already made plans with her mother.

Jim found himself wondering what his trainee's mother looked like, if she was nearly as hot as her young daughter, but cut the thought short out of respect for the workplace. Daydreams were sweet, but you couldn't have everything.

He ended up eating burritos on the street corner with his buddy the Vietnam vet, who today was only answering to the title "the Vampire Lestat". The day before he was Marie Antoinette, and the day before that, Napoleon.

Lestat shrieked like a banshee when he saw Jim, and started ranting to high heaven about the demon in the shape of a beautiful buck-naked lady who had her hands all over him. Jim laughed that off and handed him a beer and a burrito, and for thirty minutes they talked about slightly more normal things. But from time to time, his buddy looked at him a little cross-eyed. Jim patted Lestat on the back as he walked back to his work, and the crazy vet went to his panhandling. They were an awkward pair.

Kristen wasn't quite back from her lunch when he clocked back in, but he couldn't bring himself to hold it against her. He buried himself in his work, and time began to fly by pleasantly, just the way he enjoyed.

Kristen walked in and sat down quietly at her own computer, without asking any questions, which was rather strange behavior for her. Eventually Jim began to find it distracting. He couldn't focus on his program; his distraction kept nagging at him, begging him to do something. But he didn't know what. He had never been a people person, that's why he liked computers.

"How was your lunch?" Jim finally said, keeping his voice as level and unassuming as possible. Kristen didn't reply, but she didn't start crying either, like he was half expecting. Whatever she was going through, she seemed set on going through it alone, and Jim respected that. He gave her a supportive clap on the shoulder and went back to his work, forcing himself past his useless concern for his office mate so he could get some more work done.

A little before he was going to clock out, Mark walked into his office, all smiles and waves, and reminded Jim of his promise to go play cards with him and the boys. Jim had nearly forgotten and was not entirely happy to be reminded. He was exhausted from all the stress. Ever since he had woken up from that dream, everything felt new and different and he found he had to get used to his whole life all over again. What he wanted more than anything now was some pepperoni pizza and a little online gaming.

He sighed to himself. With the card game at eight, there was hardly any reason to go home beforehand. He would barely have time to log on before he had to leave. So he worked a little longer and then headed downstairs to the company gym for a little more exercise.

Jim had some old clothes in a locker down there, and they smelled like stale sweat, but it was better than getting his work clothes dirty, so he changed into them quickly. Jim had been really shy about changing in public, ever since the boys teased him in junior high, but today he simply laughed his fear off. He even pinched his stomach and love handles playfully, as though they were old friends. Then he got himself onto the treadmill and set his mind to burning them off.

He enjoyed feeling his heart rate increase and his breathing get deeper and fuller. It reminded him of just how long it has been since he last got laid. It also reminded him of how much fun he had last night, even if it was just a dream. Somehow, as time passed, it felt more and more real to him.

With any luck, he'd have another experience like tonight after Mark's get-together. He could almost smell the scent of that beautiful woman, almost feel her breasts bouncing against his chest, the softness of her hair. The image was threatening to devour him. An hour flew by without him really noticing, and he was startled by the number of calories he had burned.

He looked down and saw that his penis was rock hard in his sweat pants, though he felt like he had just gotten off. Oh well, it wasn't as though he was going to complain. God damn, if every workout was that good he'd look like Arnold Schwarzenegger! He flexed his muscles, enjoying the fantasy. A young man he didn't know but didn't really care for eyed him suspiciously. Jim, stifled a laugh. It always surprised him how stiff people could be. They really needed to learn to loosen up every once in a while. If only everyone could have his beautiful temptress.

It took Jim ten minutes of deep breaths before he could will down his erection, so that he could pull off his pants and shower, and then it popped right up again afterwards, so he had to rub it out in the bathroom after he changed. Damn, that felt good! It might have been the best orgasm of his life, and he had quite a few very good ones in his thirty-five years of life. He wiped his dick off with a wad of paper and flushed it all down the drain. 

After wavering for a couple of minutes, Jim decided it was good form to eat before coming and pulled through Burger King. He was ravenous, but nothing looked good for him. He ordered anyway and enjoyed his food, even though it tasted cheap and imperfect compared to that orgasm in the bathroom.

Jim was a proper fifteen minutes late for the poker night, but he was still the first one there. Mark was in the back room taking a last-minute call from his supervisor, so Amber led him in and set him down on the sofa with a Miller's Light. Mark's friend Geoffrey, from accounting, was in charge of bringing half a dozen six-packs of Budweiser, which Nick and Donald were fond of drinking. Amber had just finished preparing dip and snacks, which she placed on the coffee table in front of the television, before sitting down to entertain her fiancée's guest.

Jim congratulated his subconscious on choosing Amber as the model for the perfect woman in his nighttime fantasy. Her arms and legs were long and spender, very feminine, but at the same time very powerful. She had a nobility of purpose about her. The way she moved her arms and legs, the gentle way she brushed a stray hair behind her ear, showed her to be both intelligent and graceful, and very much her own woman. She had stuffed herself into a pair of tight low-riding jeans and a button-up shirt with heels, and was probably wearing a little makeup as well. Jim had been married once, so he knew a little bit about women and cosmetics. Maybe it was a little eyeliner and some mascara, a touch of blush and some lip gloss. She wanted so show herself off for her fiancé's benefit while still looking causal. She looked irresistible. For the second time today, the programmer wondered if Mark really knew what sort of creature he was getting.

The two nearly strangers chatted easily for fifteen minutes. Jim asked Amber about school and work; she had just finished her emergency room rotation and had many morbid stories to tell. Jim spoke tentatively about his online gaming adventures and found that she was actually interested. Amber liked video games a lot, but barely had time to play them anymore because of her massive workload. In fact, Jim could tell that the beautiful woman was a little upset at her man for leaving her to play hostess, while she had research articles she should be reading.

Although Jim sat on the sofa and Amber in the armchair, the two were placed perpendicularly, so that her arm and his were nearly touching. The small gap between them felt charged with energy, and Jim found himself wondering if Amber could feel it too. He forced himself to take a mental step back. This was his boss's woman he was thinking about, and she was ten years younger than him to boot. He could have baby-sat her when he was in high school! Jim found himself sweating and excused himself to go to the bathroom. When he returned, Mark was sitting in his spot, holding Amber's hand possessively in a way that made the hairs on Jim's arms stand up. He could understand using power moves in the office, but on a woman with that level of independence? It seemed just cruel. 
