 In the Art rooms of a college is where this story is played out.

Her name is Sabine, she is in her early 30's and an Art tutor at the college.

Originally from Spain she moved to England to study English and Art and when she graduated she chose to teach her second passion in life, Art.

Her first passion in life is Sex! And whenever possible she loved to combine the two.

This is her first real job. After many years of working in jobs she never really enjoyed she had finally reached her goal.

Her main Art class is a mixture of male and female students between the ages of 18 and 25, because of her persona mostly males tended to sign up for her course.

And this is the reason why. She is easily one of the youngest tutors in the college, she is also easily the most attractive. Her body is slim and her skin a beautiful olive colour. Her eyes are big and brown and her wavy, dark, brown hair almost looked black.

Whilst teaching her lessons many of her young, male students could not take their eyes off of her

As she had a tendency to wear short pleated skirts or sometimes hipster style jeans and always with a short vest top leaving her tanned and toned tummy showing and just the tops of her hips, teasingly provoking the imagination to picture her naked.

At least that's what many of her male students and indeed several of the male teaching staff in the college love to do whenever they see her.

Being well aware of all of this she loves to tease! For example, on one occasion, while hanging an Art display some of her students had put together, she was up a set of stepladders fixing the display she looked down to see one of her colleagues, another Art tutor called, Dave, staring up her short skirt!

She looked away and smiled to herself. Dave stared up with a dream-like expression on his face at her cute, tight, little pink panties that were hugging the curves of her tight little ass.

"It looks ok like this Dave?" Sabine called down from the ladder,

Dave suddenly came back to reality upon hearing his name, "errr...yes it just needs to come out a bit" Dave replied. 

"You mean like this?" Sabine said, as she shifted the display she opened her legs just a little further and pushed out her gorgeous round bum allowing Dave to get a better view.

Dave gulped as he looked up, he felt his cock start to stir in his trousers, "uh yes...yes that's much better Sabine," he called up to her. All the while gazing up her skirt at what to him looked like heaven.

Sabine's pink panties clung beautifully to the curve of her ass cheeks, down in-between her thighs and over the curve of her sweet little pussy. They were so tight that Dave could just, very faintly make out her slit through the almost sheer material.

"are you sure it looks ok?" Asked Sabine.

Dave smirked, "oh...yes its looks errrm...perfect!"

Sabine giggled to herself silently and then replied, "i quizá la próxima vez que no llevan ropa interior!"



("maybe next time I will wear no panties!")

"pardon?" Asked Dave feeling a little stupid as he knew no Spanish at all! 

As Sabine climbed down from the ladder, making sure Dave didn't miss her tight little ass wiggling as she did so, "oh nothing just thinking allowed. Gracias Dave...for your help today. Do you think that maybe you could help me later on? Just to get things straight here?"

Dave smiled at her, "sure, no problem Sabine!" Dave replied. 

They both left to take their next class.

At the very end of Sabine's last lesson of the day, when the last stragglers had left her class, she slipped into the small utility room off her classroom and closed the door. She lifted her skirt and looked down at her panties thinking to herself, "así que Dave le gusta mi ropa interior de color rosa poco tal vez les gustaría como regalo"

("so Dave likes my little pink panties maybe he would like them as a gift")

"Creo que voy a darle otra cosa que mirar también"

("I think I will give him something else to look at also")

Sabine returned to main hall and the Art display and climbed the ladder again to wait for Dave.

After a short while Dave, as promised entered the hall. "Are you ok up there Sabine?" Dave called out.

"si I am fine it just is a little unsteady could you steady the ladder for me por favour?"

Again Dave took his place at the bottom of the ladder and looking up he again saw Sabine's perfect little crotch above him, he began to imagine what that lovely little, warm ass would feel like pressed up against his groin and he felt his cock stiffen slightly.

Sabine quickly looked down at him and noticing the bulge in his trousers she opened her legs once more for him.

"Dave? Estoy tan caliente!"

 ("I'm so horny!")

Dave smiled up at her and said, "I'm sorry Sabine I don't speak any Spanish."

"Well then Dave we will have to remedy that I will teach you a little..."

Dave was waiting for his Spanish lesson when he looked up to see Sabine with her hand between her legs, slowly stroking her pink, panty clad pussy!

"I said, Estoy tan caliente! I'm so horny!"

Dave gulped. 

Then Sabine followed that statement with "mi coño es tan húmedo. My pussy is so wet!"

"do you like the way I teach the Spanish Dave?" Sabine asked. "I like to teach Spanish like I teach my Art, with the passion, the feeling...the heart or in this case mi coño...my cunt!"

Dave could not believe his eyes as he looked on. Sabine then gently pulled her panties to one side, unveiling her beautifully shaven pussy. " Can you see? You see how wet she is Dave?"

Sabine looked down at Dave again and now he was staring open-mouthed slowly stroking the bulge in his trousers with his right hand. Sabine smiled to herself and gently spreading her pink slit with two fingers she spoke in a husky voice "mira mi coño hermosa Dave" 

Dave spoke in a shaky voice "and what does that mean?"

"it means, look at my beautiful cunt Dave" 

With that Dave unzipped his trousers and his rock hard cock sprung out.

"¿te gusta mirar mi pequeño coño caliente?...do you enjoy looking at my horny little cunt Dave?"

Dave was already stroking his cock slowly, with each tug his foreskin rolling back over the bulging head.

Sabine looked down at Dave again and said, "le gustaría verme masturbarme?...would you like to watch me masturbate?" and with that she slowly teased her wet slit with her finger.

"oh fuck that looks so good!" said Dave

" Si!" hissed Sabine. 

"como puedo abrir mis piernas poco a poco se puede ver cómo mi húmeda rajita dulce?" she groaned as she circled her soaking wet hole with the tip of her finger "as I open my legs slowly you can see how wet my cute little slit is?"

Dave just nodded while stroking the shaft of his cock he felt like his balls were going to burst, Sabine was teasing him far to well!

"Ave María Purísima!!!"

("For heavens sake!!!") Sabine gasped as she slowly plunged her finger deep into her aching cunt.

She had an idea, she climbed down several steps of the ladder so that her ass was just about six inches above Dave's face. "verme jugar con mi coño... watch me play with my cunt Dave"

With that she pulled her panties down and removed them and standing on the step ladder she sunk three fingers into her cunt and pumped them in and out rapidly pulling them out and massaging her clit with them in a circular motion.

"mmmmmmm Voy a acabar!!!! I'm going to cum!!!!"

Sabine came to a shuddering orgasm, she spread her cunt again with her fingers and between breaths she told Dave "lamer mi vulva...lick my pussy." Dave positioned himself under her on the ladder and placed his face between her ass cheeks, he licked at her wet cunt, she tasted divine! 

"mmmmm si! Yes! lamer mi coño muy lentamente...lick my cunt very slowly." Purred Sabine.

Dave slowly lapped at her tasty hole Sabine's cum tasted gorgeous and he could even tell that she did not taste the same as an English woman.

"empujar su lengua en mi agujero coño Dave...mmmm push your tongue into my cunt hole"

Dave did as he was told and pushed his tongue as far into her luscious tasting pussy as he could.

"mmmmm si si si! que se siente tan bien, tan bella!" Sabine repeated softly in English "mmmm yes yes yes! That feels so good, so beautiful!"

"lamer mi clítoris...lick my Clit." 

Dave gently licked at Sabine's hard little clit, 

"mmmmmm si, yes lick my cunt...lamer mi vulva!"

Gasped Sabine as she started to cum again. "ohhhhhh si! buen chico...that's my good boy yesssss make me cum."

"stop now Dave for this I have to see..." Sabine ordered him and Dave took a step back.

Sabine climbed down from her lofty perch and turned to face Dave who's hard cock was proudly standing to attention. She sat down on the bottom step of the ladder. Sabine was in no doubt about what Dave wanted. She gently took hold of his cock in both hands and looked at it just inches from her face.

"lo que es una hermosa polla dura!" Sabine whispered, her gently breath as she spoke the words softly tickled the tip of Dave's cock. Sabine shifted her gaze from his cock and looked at him with her big, brown eyes and repeated the phrase in English for him. "What a beautiful big hard cock!" she reached down with one hand and began to stroke her soaking pussy while stroking the length of Dave's cock with the other hand "déjame chupar la polla...Now...let me suck your cock."

Sabine pulled back Dave's foreskin and the head glistened with precum. She licked at the very tip so softly and slowly stroked the shaft up and down. Dave closed his eyes and let his head tip back. He had never had a woman do this to him before, all the times he had got head in the past he got the feeling that the female wasn't really enjoying it. But he could tell that Sabine was really into it because of the way she seemed to be savouring it. 

Sabine licked her lips and looked up into Dave's eyes. "Nice?" asked Dave.

"mmm si! me encanta chupar la polla! y me encanta el sabor del semen de un hombre...Yes I love to suck cock and I love the taste of a mans cum." Sabine replied followed by,

"mierda mi boca...fuck my mouth" 

she wrapped her lips around the tip of Dave's cock and holding her head steady with both his hands he began to gently fuck her mouth deeper with each thrust until his was touching the back of her throat.

Dave could feel himself almost at the point of climax when Sabine pulled her head back away from him. "no no! not yet, a usted le gusta follar conmigo?...you would like to fuck me?" Sabine whispered.

Dave grinned "oh si si si!!!" 

"muy muy bien Dave!" shouted Sabine with a huge smile. She turned and raised one foot up onto the second step of the ladder holding onto it with her hands she looked back over her shoulder at Dave and said softly, "Quiero tu polla dura dentro de mí...I want your cock deep inside me."

Dave took hold of his cock and guided it slowly into Sabine's tight little cunt. Sabine let out a gasp of delight "mmmm si! jugar con mis tetas...play with my tits"

Dave reached up into her vest top and found her soft Lacey bra cupping her small but beautifully pert tits, hi slipped his hand under the cup and gently squeezed her breast. It fitted perfectly in the palm of his hand her rock hard nipple brushing against it as he fondled it.

"fuck me slowly Dave... cogerme lentamente" Sabine hissed. Dave slowly slid his now throbbing cock right up into Sabine all the way to the base and out again all the way to the tip. He could feel Sabine's cunt tighten as she started to cum.

"por favor me jodas" Sabine begged, "please fuck me!" Dave was doing some teasing of his own.

"cogerme más difícil...fuck me harder!"

Dave now pounded into Sabine each thrust of his cock making her cum harder and harder.

"mmmmmm SI SI! si tu verga se siente tan bien en mi coño MMMM! Quiero tu polla dura dentro de mí... yes your cock feels so good in my pussy, I want your hard cock deep inside me."

Dave fucked her hard and deep and Sabine could here his breath shortening.

"cum muy dentro de mí" Sabine said in a husky, voice slowly "cum deep inside me"

Dave pumped into Sabine with two more hard thrusts at which point his cock erupted deep inside Sabine's cunt. Dave let out a growling moan as he shot is hot cum inside Sabine.

As Dave withdrew his cock from Sabine's cunt she exclaimed "quiero probar tu leche...I want to taste you're cum."

She turned to face Dave and sunk to her knees and licked and sucked hungrily at his cock.

When Dave's cock was sucked dry Sabine licked her lips and stood "well Dave you did very well for your first Spanish lesson" Sabine said grinning.

"Thanks Sabine I enjoyed it very much but I'm afraid I don't remember a thing you said in Spanish" Dave chuckled. "But thank you Sabine that was wonderful!"

"eres bienvenido...you are welcome Dave" beamed Sabine, "oh I must not forget these are for you" Sabine handed Dave her discarded panties before turning and walking out of the hall.

Later that night she would play with herself for many hours at home while she imagined Dave smelling her sweet scent on her panties.

The day's events had excited Sabine greatly and she wondered to herself how she could employ the same method in her teaching of Art that she used to teach Dave Spanish.

It was a few weeks later that she had figured this out. A new term began at the college so now is the time Sabine decided!

The first lesson of the new term begins and Sabine announces to her group that this terms assignment will be the human anatomy. 

"I want you to choose a particular part of the body to focus on." 

A few of the younger male students began to snigger. "That is enough now! I want you all to be very mature about this because yes...we will be studying a nude life model at the end of the week, but in the meantime we will study some of the great Artists of human anatomy."

The week passes and Friday arrives. 

An expectant class is seated in a semicircle around a stool in the centre of the room each of them by now has selected the medium in which they wish to work, some have chosen pencil, others paint and ink and a couple choose clay.

Sabine announces to her class, "class, today is the day we study the life nude model. I will have no sniggerings or immature behaviour! Is this clear?" 

The class replies "yes Miss Mielero!"

Sabine smiles "bueno! Get your materials ready and the model will be here shortly."

Sabine turns from the group smiling and walks over to the utility room and closes the door, where she undresses and then puts on a white bathrobe. Her pussy is already wet with anticipation.

The door to the utility room opens and Sabine emerges. A silent tension is detectable in the room.

"Ok class, settle down. Yes I am the life model for this study. The college can not afford to pay for one to come in but this is an essential part of your course so I am going to do it!"

She walks to the centre of the room and slips off her bathrobe, dropping it to the floor.

Sabine positions herself on the stool and opens her legs slightly allowing the group to see her vulva.

"Dios es mi coño mojado!"

("god my pussy is so wet!") Sabine thinks to herself.

She places one hand on the stool behind her to support herself as she leans back, and the other she lets rest on her thigh. Pushing her shoulders back and stretching back slightly her perfectly shaped little breasts hanging pertly, proudly displaying her hard little nipples.

The burning desire in Sabine's pussy remains firmly at the front of her mind for the whole two-hour lesson. "bueno! Ok class lets start to wrap things up por favour. It is Friday so I will see you all on Monday afternoon." Sabine said as she bends down to retrieve her bathrobe from the floor.

She returns to her utility room to get dressed.

Suddenly just as she is about to remove the bathrobe there is a knock at the door. "One moment." she calls out tying up the robe around her waist.

She opens the door and standing there, are two of her older, male students. The pair of them are looking very sheepish.

"erm Miss Mielero? Myself and Steve would like to talk to you if we may?" said the student.

"Sure Grant what would you like to talk to me about? And please call me Sabine." Said Sabine smiling.

"Well we would like to show you what we did this lesson and ask if there are any pointers, you know? Tips you can give us."

Sabine nods and gestures into the classroom with her open hand. The three of them walk over to where Steve and Grant have been working.

What Sabine sees next makes her heart skip with excitement and she instantly knows what is going to happen.

Both students stand there blushing as Sabine looks over their work. "OK good I see you have followed my brief by focusing on just one part of the body and I see you have both chosen la almeja, the Vagina. But you are finding it hard to transpose what you see to the paper no?"

Steve nods and replies "yes Miss, I mean Sabine it's a very complicated thing to draw!"

Sabine looks at the sketches with one finger on her chin "what we must do is very simple you must learn to draw by what we say in Spain, a tientas. This means by touch, by feel. Both of you come with me and bring your work with you!"

Both Steve and Grant follow her to the utility room. "Come in and close the door por favour." Says Sabine.

Although fairly small only about 3meters square the utility room has Sabine's desk against one wall and a small two-seater sofa at a right angle to the desk.

Sabine looks at both students with a very serious expression on her face, then she says "what is about to happen you will tell no one about! Do we understand?" Both students nod and look at each other.

"Ok sit down here on the sofa." Sabine orders them. They both do as they are told, Sabine looks at them and unties the belt of the bathrobe she is still wearing and drops it to the floor. Sabine asks "so guys I am guessing that one reason why you struggle to draw my Vagina is that it is quite small, and you have to sit some distance away no?" Again they both nod, blushing and trying not to look at her naked body.

"This is why you fail because you are shy to look. Do not be bashful! The whole point in life drawing is to look, to take in every tiny detail! But it is also important to know your subject not just by sight but what it also feels like, this is the way to capture the personality of the subject." with that Sabine perches up onto the edge of her desk.

"Steve come here." Says Sabine. Steve stands and walks over to her "now give me your hand."

She takes Steve's hand and places it on her left breast.

"Now close your eyes and just feel" she pushes his hand into her breast, squashing it in the palm of his hand. Sabine then speaks again very softly saying, "mmmm soft... suave al tacto...soft to the touch no?" 

"Yes. Yes it is very soft, it feels lovely!" Steve answers.

"Now my nipple, mi pezón, feel how it is strong? Hard but soft? Mmmm that's it! Stroke it, feel it."

Steve's finger gently strokes Sabine's hard nipple and she feels her self tingle as he uses the whole length of his index finger to stroke it.

"Grant come here you must also feel." Grant joins his friend at the desk and with his trembling hand reaches out to Sabine's right breast.

"It will not bite you Grant!" giggles Sabine.

Grant squeezes Sabine's breast gently then squeezes her hard little nipple between his finger and thumb. "Mmmmm! You feel how hard it is Grant? But how soft my little teta's are in contrast?" Sabine sighs. By now Sabine's pussy is very wet indeed! "Now fingers and hands are one thing but they are not the most sensitive part of the artist, but the tongue now that is, lick my nipples both of you. You will find that it feels completely different again!"
