 A woman I know, someone I first met online and then in person when she and her husband came to NYC, have something of a unique arrangement. Their marriage had been one of true love, which descended into an arrangement of sorts: He would run their business (which they both owned) and she took care of the kids and the home. Come to find out he had been stepping out on her for quite some time. They live near Miami, which, as anyone who has been there will tell you, has quite the party scene. I suspect that, in spite of his obvious hair implants and having the physique of a manatee, his financial success translated to success with his many "friends".

Her dilemma seemed to offer her a choice... either make him pay, financially, and break up their arrangement, or redefine their arrangement. He disliked the idea of divorce (and its ensuing settlement) even less than she did, or at least that is the impression she created when she confronted him with evidence of his infidelity. Why men leave their email accounts open, or select easy-to-guess passwords, is beyond me.

And so... she told him her idea for their new arrangement. He would now be the one to keep true to their vows, while she would take a greater role in their business (necessary on many different levels), and she would have a set time during which she was free to date others. The main difference between the arrangements of his dalliances and hers is that, while she would select whom she would fuck, his presence was always required. He had to sit there and watch her fuck whomever she wanted, how she wanted, whenever she wanted.

It worked like this: She would find others of interest to her, during their initial correspondence explain her unique situation to them, and if they agreed to her conditions, she would arrange to meet them. Part of her planning included making sure he was waiting for her at home. She would meet her new friends for drinks, evaluate things, and if they passed, she would take them home. Her husband was made to serve drinks, play the perfect host, before during and after her fucking her new black, white, and Latino friends. I understand, from her, during her play she and her husband would engage in some quite unique banter, her asking him things like "Did you fuck your whores like this?" her telling him how good their cocks tasted, or her telling him how she preferred their large cocks to his. After her friends were finished, she would take her husband from the playroom to their bedroom and finish the evening by telling him how much she enjoyed fucking them while he fucked her.

It is at this point when I met her. I found her online, I enjoyed her profile, more I think I respected her approach to things, and told her so. She messaged back and we started exchanging messages and emails. While she did not often get to NYC, she had the means and the motive to plan something, and did. She still had a few kinks she wanted to work out, and she wanted to give him a surprise reward for his good behavior. They just happened to be in a nightclub on a specific evening, at a specific time, where she and I really hit it off. Soon all three of us were flirting, we managed to get a booth, this night club has certain booths with curtains (which I had previously managed to reserve), and soon he was commenting on his good luck when she pulled my dress down to expose my breasts while I unzipped his pants, pulled out his cock, and started sucking him. She and I shared a very salty kiss after that, when the oblivious one said perhaps I would like to go back to their hotel room. I thought her giggle would give things away but it did not.

And so, his cock got its first taste of strange pussy in quite some time while I tasted hers. She laid me on my back kissed me and caressed my clit while he fucked me, watched me suck his cock again, watched me ride him until he came. I pulled off him after that, left him spent and her with quite the devious smile on her face, and went to get some water. When I came back into the room I leaned against the wall watched her taste his cock, spied the oh-so-content look on his face, and mentioned aloud his belly is not nearly as bad as she had told me, then asked if he had been working out? She stopped sucking him long enough to tell me yes he had been, seeing her with the fit, trim, and hung, had inspired his new health-conscious regimen. The look on his face... went from lust to confusion, with a quick stop at understanding, before a sense of resignation fell over him. I climbed next to her and, while we alternated sucking him and kissing each other, she told him we, the three of us, had plans the evening after next; and that if he was a good boy he'd get a reward much like the one he had just received. I gathered my things and left them as they were, with his cock on her mouth, and his look of resignation turning once again to lust.

The next day passed quickly enough for me, but I suspect 'twas not the case for them. She called a couple of times, making sure things were still on, making sure I was still with her, expending nervous energy while, I am sure, fending off his questions about the plans for the next evening. I assured her all was well, and cautioned her to not do a thing with him that evening, no matter how much he begged, that she too needed to be true to our plan.

The next evening I left my apartment, got into the hired car, and picked them up at their hotel. He was dressed shabby chic, and she had on this very nice and tight shimmering silver dress, a look somewhere between sultry and slutty. I had her sit in the middle, feeling her nervousness. I tried to put her at ease, telling her what was to happen was certainly within her, that she would be just fine. Still... I commented on her body, telling her she looked far more trim and fit than her pictures had indicated. She told me her new lifestyle meant a new her, out with the old frumpy and dumpy hausfrau and in with the new wanton and liberated woman. I grazed nail across her nipple, as she responded I asked her if she was excited. Of course she was. I asked if she had stayed true to our plan, which drew an annoyed and quizzed look from him and a knowing smile from her. Translation: she had not fucked him nor masturbated since two evenings back, when we had first met. She giggled again. I leaned close, caressed her breast, licked her ear a bit, and whispered all she needed to do was to give into the night and let her passions rule.

His curiosity got the better of him, and soon he got a bit obstreperous; or stroppy as our British cousins might say.

"What are we doing?" "Where are we going?" "What's going to happen?" He asked, each question coming just after the last.

Well, we are riding in a car, to New Jersey, and that is all you need to know, for now. All would be revealed in due time.

"I've had enough of this! I demand you tell me what is happening!" he shot back, and continued with "I'm putting a stop to this, this instant!"

I can only imagine what the driver thought of this exchange. I kept on caressing her breasts and her legs, while telling the driver to pull over to the side of the road. Heaven knows where we were, but I had had enough of his whinging manner.

He sat up, looked at us both, and asked "Are we there yet? Is this where we get out?"

"No," I responded, "but this is where you get out unless you adjust your attitude. Nothing will happen that she does not want; indeed all this was her idea and her plan, and you will be present at all times." We would not continue unless he acceded to her plans. Else, I patiently explained, we would drop him at a diner and have another car come gather him, and then he could wait at the hotel for her and I to return.

He turned to her and, in a plaintive whisper, called out her name, asking if this is what she wanted? 

"Behave dear," she commanded, icy steel in her voice I had not previously heard, "Or be gone". Well, now...

Soon we arrived at our destination, to a nondescript business-class hotel perhaps 25 minutes outside of Manhattan. Into the bar we went, her and I arm in arm with him walking behind dragging both his tail and his ego. I selected a table, carefully placing his back to the bar, which she and I were facing. We were there to evaluate, and to be evaluated. More she was, as whom we were meeting were not strangers to me. We sat, had drinks, I encouraged him to have a few... to ease his tensions. Soon two drinks came our way, two drinks we had not ordered, which brought to her face the most contented smile. Surprisingly, he noticed neither the two new drinks nor the change in her disposition, being content to be lost in his own thoughts and the bottom of his glass. She seemed to consider, I let her be lost in her thoughts, when finally she reached out and pulled the drink to her lips, and I followed suit. The bar emptied, save the wait staff, and us. I told her to take her time and finish her drink, and ordered him another. That familiar tingle started just as the waitress brought over a folded napkin to me. We sat, we relaxed; she and I had a cigarette (a pleasure now FORBIDDEN (!!!) in NYC bars) when she announced perhaps we should get things started... Of course, we should.

He trailed behind us again, as we made our way through the lobby to the elevators. Unfolding the napkin to reveal the room number, I punched the appropriate floor and away we went. I clasped her hand; she clasped back, and giggled.

A knock at the door gained us entry to a suite where the five men who had been in the bar were waiting for us. As instructed, there were chilled bottles of champagne, and enough glasses for all. Her husband just stood there, mute and powerless to stop things, with the look on his face alternating between anticipation and disbelief. Introductions were made, I know I got a thrill and I suspect she did as well out of watching him shake each of their hands. The bottled uncorked, the unmistakable imagery of her licking the white foam from the neck of one bottle, and glasses filled for a toast.

"To our newest gangbang slut!" they raised their glasses in cheer, and surprisingly enough she did not giggle, but she did blush.

As requested, the suite had two beds. In addition, as requested, there were two bathrooms. She and I moved to one to get ready while they did the same. She and I used the complimentary mouthwash, reapplied our lipstick (garishly so), and removed our dressed. Out we strode to the bedroom, hand in hand, her and I wearing heels, a thong, and a smile. The covers had been pulled off the beds, some moody jazz played from the boom box thoughtfully provided by one of the men, and the men were all down to their boxers or briefs, standing around with arms folded looking at her and I, the beginning of their erections peeking at her and I. Her husband, as instructed, was sitting in a chair by the bed breathlessly waiting for things to start. I pulled her to me, kissing her, as they surrounded us. I felt hands on my ass, on my tummy, on my breasts; as I am sure did she. One of the men standing behind her pulled her thong over her ample hips while I watched his eyes take in the sight of another man completely undressing his wife.

Comments passed about her luscious, voluptuous body, and I added my own about how her form and temperament both spoke to her desire to please and be pleased. She and I shared a very long deep and wet kiss before she turned around, selected one of the men, posed him in profile to her seated husband. With a minimum of effort, she went to her knees in front of her first selection, and peeled off his briefs. His still somewhat flaccid cock was like marbled ebony, shiny on its head, and pointing right at her. After he stepped out of his briefs, she began kissing up from his feet to his knees to his thighs. Craning her neck, she positioned under him and licked from the base to his tip of his cock. She opened her mouth and lasciviously extended her tongue and swallowed as much of him as she could. As his erection grew, she used her left hand to stroke the base of his shaft, all in profile so her husband could both see his cock disappear into her mouth and so he could see the wedding ring on her hand wrapped around his cock. While he focused on her, she seemed quite oblivious to him, focusing instead on the cock in her mouth.

Another man pulled off his boxers and stood next to her first selected one, which soon meant she was stroking one cock while sucking the other, and then switching between the two. As I was caressed and had my panties removed, I told him how she and I had arranged all of this. How she had told me she had never truly been with two (or more) men at once, how she had really wanted that to happen, how for an evening she wanted to be a slut, a cock-hungry gangbanged whore. He croaked out something unintelligible, cleared his throat while she most definitely opened hers to swallow the cock in her mouth, and asked what all was to happen.

I told him, simply and directly, both she and I would serve our mutual desires, hers, theirs, and mine. How both she wanted to have cock in her mouth, her cunt, and especially how she wanted him to watch while she got fucked in her ass. And, I told him I wanted the same.

Her two new friends pulled her to her feet and pulled her arms over her head. Their hands went everywhere, her moving in rhythm with them, swaying to the heat of the moment. They laid her on the bed and pulled her legs pulled apart. One of the men went between her legs while the other knelt by her head and moved to pull her mouth to his cock. Trouble was the man wanting to fuck her mouth was blocking her husband's view, which she soon corrected. Oh, she was quite aware of what was happening... The moan she let out as her first lover slid his cock into her cunt filled the room, opened her mouth, then the other man turned her head to the side and fed her his cock. She had one hand on the cock in her mouth while the other moved lower to massage her clit.

Seeing she was well on her way to bliss made me realize I was behind in this game, and that I needed to catch up. I to my knees, pulled the boxers off my friends, and started moving my mouth from cock to cock, tasting licking, kissing, and sucking as I went. There are few greater thrills for me than feeling a man get hard while he is in my mouth, so that I soon had three very hard and very wet cocks all to myself. I went to my bed, pulling two with me and telling the third he needed to tend to my friend. I went to my hands and knees with one man in front of me and the other behind. I looked over to my friend and saw her legs in the air moving in reaction to the man fucking her, another man still kneeling over her mouth, and the third seemed to be holding one of her legs and caressing her breast. I could not see but I suspect her husband was, by this time, drooling.

With a cock head rubbing on my lips, I nuzzled the cock in front of me. Pressing soon brought his cock into my cunt and slow strokes let me feel his length, which was not insubstantial. I moved my mouth to suck the cock in front of me, and I began a nice steady motion, pinned as I was, between the two of them. These men, I should say, are experienced at this...

They are a group of friends who enjoy treating women to the pleasure of multiple male lovers. I have been the center of their attention a "few" times, and a "few" more times I have introduced other women to this experience with them. I suspect they keep notes or otherwise discreetly pass general lore between themselves about their frequent guests, so as to best please her. They know, in other words, I like to start things slowly; I like deep penetration and giving slow wet oral sex, I like to make them cum before I completely lose control of myself. The men are selected based on their looks, their ability to patiently follow directions, their adaptability to the various moods of their guests, and their cock.

The two men fucking me switched positions. I looked over to see how my friend was doing... One of the men was between her legs with his mouth on her cunt, another was straddling her chest with his hands squeezing her breasts together while his cock slid between them, while the third man was rubbing his cock on her nose and mouth from above. Seeing she was doing just fine, I looked up to see the man who had just been fucking me hold his cock to my lips. I love tasting myself on cock; I love the mixture, the taste of his pre-cum mixed with my own lubrication. I wanted to taste more of him and balanced on one arm to place my hands under his testicles, to cup him and pull him deep into my mouth, and then back out. He got the message and started sliding his cock in and out of my mouth. The man behind me gripped my hips and did she same, gently fucking me, knowing a thrust too quick or powerful might kick off a reflex his friend would not enjoy. The man fucking my mouth gripped the base of his cock rubbing just under his head on my tongue.

I knew from previous experience he had very good control and closed my eyes focusing on making my mouth a very warm wet tight place for his cock, inviting him with my sucking to cum in my mouth, which he soon did... He announced just as I felt his head swell and shortened his strokes even more while I deepened my sucking and distended my tongue for him. He held in perfect control while his caramel colored cock placed his crème on my tongue. He shivered and shuddered while I gave him one last good suck and let some of his cum slip down my throat, swallowing while I still held him in my mouth. He then pulled his cock from my mouth and I swallowed the rest of his delicious gift.

That done, I wanted to get fucked, and get fucked hard. I placed my head on the bed, turned to watch my friend, who by this point was straddling one man, facing away from him, while another knelt and had her suck his cock. Her husband still sat there and watched silently, his hands gripping the sides of his chair. The man she was riding began slapping her ass, playfully it seemed, but his big hands could deliver quite the sting when necessary. Moreover, she did have an ass that just begged for spanking. As, I am told, so do I.

Hands spread my ass and gripped me tighter as his tempo increased. I knew, or I could feel, his eyes watch his cock slide into my cunt, and I could feel the burn of his desire to fuck my ass. I could feel the burn of my desire to have his cock press against my ass and open me, but that would have to wait; I wanted him to fuck my cunt. His friend, the one who had just so expertly cum in my mouth, called out encouragement to him. I started moaning, I started talking, begging really, asking him to fuck me harder. Begging him to fuck my cunt harder, faster, I wanted to feel his length all inside of me. My hands were on top of my head, with my head buried in my arms. When I went to move my left hand to my clit, my caramel lover placed his hands on mine and told me it was not time for me, just yet. This seemed quite unfair to me as I could hear my friend elicit the "Oh, God!" and "Oh Yes!" exclamations, as is consistent with the mating call of the group sex slut. They did know me... They know that, after this, and after not cumming, I will be quite the wanton woman for quite some time.

By now I could feel the powerful thrusts of his wet slick cock deep into my cunt, feel his testicles slap against the top of my cunt and clit, and I could hear all of this as well. Soon my mating calls mixed with hers, plus me begging him to fuck me harder and to cum for me. He climbed up on me drove deep and pulled out a bit, lowered down creating great slippery friction between his shaft and my pubis, rocked his cock like a jock and came for me.

I pulled up to my hands and knees, turned to the man in front of me, said "You bastard" with a smile, and turned to my friend. The man behind me kept in me kept on sliding in and out, making a pure mess of my thighs in the process. One of my friend's lovers was deep in her with her legs thrown over his arms. I could just make out the sight of his slick cock when his motion pulled him back out. Another man was sitting, leaning against the headboard, his deflated cock limp against his thigh. Looking at her face and seeing the streak of cum extending from the corner of her mouth down her cheek told me all I needed to know about why he was taking a breather. The third man had her speaking Russian, which given the size of her breasts seemed entirely appropriate. She was squeezing her breasts and licking as she could when his cock peeked up that high. He stroked and stroked and came, coating her neck and between her breasts. My mouth instantly watered, even more than it had been.
