 Jimmy walked into the hospital with an angry sneer on his face. Sara was such an idiot! He could not believe what had happened. He'd gotten a call about half an hour earlier from the hospital, telling him how his girlfriend had gotten alcohol poisoning. She never drank, and the one time she does, this happens.

He walked down the hall to the elevator. Sara was in room 213 on the second floor, and Jimmy couldn't stop shaking his head as the elevator doors opened. He stepped inside and waited for them to open once again. When they did, he adjusted the collar on his black shirt and wiped his damp palms on his white dockers. His black trench coat was draped over his left arm and his dark blue eyes were softening as he neared the room.

Once he entered, he saw Sara laying in bed, looking very tired. Her usually vibrant green eyes were now dormant, her blonde hair was fanned out just above her resting arms. She immediately looked up at him and smiled weakly. "Hi."

Jimmy closed his eyes. "What happened?" he asked, in a bit of a reserved tone. Sara sighed. "Nothing," she said softly. "Clare broke up with Steve, and she wanted to go out drinking."

"And yet you're the one with alcohol poisoning?"

"Well, I wasn't feeling drunk at all, I was too busy listening to her. I didn't know when to stop because I never actually felt drunk."

Jimmy sat by her side and took her hand. "When are they letting you go?"

"Today, I think."

That was when the nurse walked in the room. She closed the door behind her and immediately caught Jimmy's attention. She was in a short white skirt and a tight white jacket over and unbuttoned red blouse. She turned around and waved her full chestnut hair and her dark brown eyes seemed to gleam in the light.

"Did you need anything, miss?" she asked. Realizing he was about to get in trouble, Jimmy averted his gaze back to Sara. She, however, was looking up at the nurse just as he had been. He wondered what the hell was going on.

She walked over and stood in front of Jimmy, looking him over. "Nice," she grinned. Sara smiled back. Then she looked at Jimmy and noticing his slight discomfort, she laughed. "I'm sorry, Jimmy," she exclaimed. "I didn't tell you about Nicole."

"Nicole?"

The nurse walked over to the window and shut the blinds.

"Yeah, my nurse, Nicole," Sara went on. Last night she was undressing me to put my gown on, and well..."

Jimmy was very confused, especially as Nicole walked over to him and sat on his lap. "She told me about you," Nicole cooed into his ear in a rather sultry voice. "We thought maybe we could have some fun when you came to pick her up. She ran her palm across his cheek and gave him a kiss, slowly running her tongue across his lips and gently entering it into his mouth. Still confused but not really so bothered anymore, he looked over and saw that Sara had her blankets at her knees, and she had her hand underneath her gown and in her crotch.

With that, Jimmy removed Nicole's jacket and her blouse opened, revealing a red bra restraining two very supple breasts. He ran his lips down Nicole's neck and reached his arms around to undo his bra. Nicole looked over at Sara with a sly smile as she took Jimmy's shirt off. "What are you waiting for?"

She moved over on the bed and Jimmy lifted Nicole by her rear and laid her down next to Sara. She suppressed a giggle as she removed her gown and sat on Nicole's face. A gasp escaped her as Nicole's talented tongue began to flick about between her legs.

Jimmy grabbed Sara's face and kissed her as he undid his pants and pulled out his hardening cock. Slipping his pants down to his knees, he pulled down Nicole's panties and lifted her skirt up to just below her breasts. Her shaved pussy glowed with wetness, and he pressed the tip of his hard on against her lips, slowly entering her hot little snatch.

Nicole moaned a bit as he entered her while her tongue explored Sara's quim. She felt Jimmy's throbbing member thrusting into her and sliding out, poundin into her very entrails. Jimmy ran his tongue down Sara's chest and began gingerly nibbling on her right nipple. Almost taking it as a cue, she moved her hands down to Nicole's chest to rub her rock hard nipples and fondle her well rounded tits.

Soon Nicole hit a spot with her tongue and Sara froze. She braced herself up against Jimmy and kissed him roughly as she started to cum. Nicole pressed her lips against Sara's lahbia and began to hum as she licked and lapped up all that Sara had to offer.

Once she finished, she collapsed over to the side and Jimmy dropped down to lick Sara's juices off of Nicole's face. When he got it all, he started pounding into her harder and kissed her wildly, their tongues slapping against each other inside their connected mouths. Nicole wrapped her long legs around Jimmy's waist and bucked her hips back into him at a pace that was slightly faster than Jimmy's.

Before he could cum, Sara broke up their kiss and Jimmy got on his back. Nicole got off of his dick and sat on his face while Sara nestled his manhood into her waiting cunt. Jimmy grabbed Nicole's ass and massaged it gently as his tongue squirmed up inside of her dripping twat. Sara bounced relentlessly on Jimmy and Nicole grabbed her face and kissed her, running her thumbs around Sara's nipples.

Suddenly Nicole's body tightened and she fell back against the headboard while Jimmy had his way with her clit. Sara leaned forward and slowly licked her way from Nicole's left breast to her right and she started cumming. The orgasm wracked Nicole as she arched her back into Sara, Jimmy's mouth draining her crotch. Nicole kept fucking Jimmy's face until she grew to weak and collapsed onto the side. With Nicole finished off, Jimmy sat up and kissed Sara as she repeatedly sat up and slammed back down on his burgeoning pikestaff. Jimmy reached around and slapped her ass and squeezed it, violently pumping back into her until he finally shot a thick wad into her. Sara felt it splashing against her cervix and fell against Jimmy, who was finishing off his own climax. Jimmy fell back onto the bed next to Nicole with Sara still twitching on his chest. He grabbed her chin and gave her a gentle kiss, gazing into her deep brown eyes afterward. Once Sara was done, she gave Jimmy a kiss and moved over. They all heard Nicole's beeper and she quickly got up and redressed herself. She smiled at them as she readied herself.

"If either of you ever end up here again..."

They smiled and waved as she left. Jimmy looked over at Sara. "Well, let's get dressed," he told her. "We should be getting out of here."

Sara agreed and they clothed themselves and walked out of them room.