 Author's note: This story takes place before the Taking Elaine series. It might help to read that first, but is not essential. Enjoy!

*****

Elaine could not believe she was doing this, that she had let Amanda talk her into it, but here she was.

"I don't know, Red," Elaine said, calling her roommate by her pet name. She was showing her nervousness and second thoughts. She had never done anything remotely like this before.

Amanda poured her lover a very full glass of wine.

"Second thoughts, Laney?" Amanda said. She was the only person who had ever called Elaine "Laney". Elaine thought she would probably hate it if anyone else did.

"Yeah. Maybe. I don't know." She took a big drink of the wine.

Amanda sat down in front of Elaine, blue eyes meeting blue eyes.

"Listen, Laney," Amanda said and took Elaine's hands. "You and I both know that what has gone on between us has been wonderful. Amazing. But, we also know that you need a man's touch and a man's sex, too. I cannot fulfill all your needs."

"But men have been so disappointing for me," Elaine said. Amanda rubbed her thumbs on the backs of Elaine's small, soft hands. "All my good sex, ever, has been with you. What if this is disappointing, too?"

"Boys have been disappointing, Laney," Amanda said. "There is a world of difference between the Justins of the past and the men who will be at this party tonight. These, men," and she accented the men heavily, "know what they are doing."

"You promise it will be good?"

"I promise that you will have your first orgasm with a man ever."

"And if I don't?"

"Then I will make you cum for days to make up for it. Besides, when it comes to you, when have I ever been wrong?"

Elaine took another big gulp of wine. She knew she was going to do this, but it terrified her.

---

Elaine had met Amanda working at the lodges on the South Rim of the Grand Canyon. Elaine was a benefits clerk in the human resources office while Amanda was a front desk clerk at one of the lodges. They had been assigned as roommates and had been an unlikely pair from the beginning. Elaine was thin, with dark blonde hair and beautiful blue eyes. She had a shy and retiring disposition, shy to the point of being completely alone for much of her life. Amanda was loud, confident. Her most distinctive feature were the huge red curls that covered her head that added a loud burst of color to any scene.

Oddly enough, they had gotten along well from the start. Amanda took her quiet roommate under her wing and helped her enjoy life more. Elaine enjoyed the laughter and brightness that Amanda had brought into her dull and lonely life.

It had only been a matter of time before they became lovers, too. Amanda had made no secret about her bisexuality, but had not pressed things with Elaine. Elaine, for her part, had never had a sexually satisfying experience in her life. She had had boyfriends, but none of them could ever really touch her needs and she wound up becoming celibate because, to her, bad sex was simply not worth the effort. She had never even had an orgasm.

All that changed with her first night with Amanda. Amanda had brought Elaine to a climax for the first time ever, and had only been mildly surprised when the beautiful shy woman had cried afterwards in joy and relief. Amanda took the lead in their relationship, slowly bringing out Elaine's submissive side. In public, they were simply best friends and the happiness of that friendship made others around them feel better, too. In private, they played rape games with strap-ons and mistress-slave. Amanda taught Elaine to perform oral sex on a woman, and Elaine was an eager learner.

After almost a year as lovers, things began to change. Elaine chafed at her job and wanted to return fulltime to her career as a graphic designer. She was already planning on leaving the Grand Canyon and moving to Prescott, Arizona to do freelance work. Amanda had encouraged this move and assured her of frequent visits.

However, before she moved out, Amanda had persuaded Elaine to go to a party in Las Vegas. It was going to be a sex party. More specifically, a sex slave party. Amanda wanted to present Elaine as her slave and share her quiet lover with the men at the party. Elaine had been horrified by the idea at first, but she found it compelling, too. The more Amanda talked to her about it, the more Elaine found her resistance weakening, a familiar occurrence with her roommate. After being reassured of her anonymity, she had agreed.

Amanda had a secret she was keeping from her trusting lover. Amanda was not what she seemed. There was an organization usually simply called the Association. It was a regulating body for slaves. Women would sign papers that made them slaves and the Association, with its volumes of rules and regulations, made sure the slaves were treated (within the context of being personal sex slaves) well, and ensured the property rights of the owners.

Amanda was what they called a "roper". For some reason, and no one quite understood the mechanism, people like Amanda were particularly good at finding submissive women who would make good slaves. Put her in a room full of women and Amanda would unerringly find the submissives. She had targeted Elaine from the beginning, Elaine was one of the most natural slaves that Amanda had ever seen. Normally, Amanda could get a woman to sign her slave papers within a few weeks, sometimes less, but she had lingered with Elaine for a year, always finding a reason to put off enslaving and selling her wonderful roommate.

Things were moving to a conclusion now, though. Amanda had helped engineer Elaine's move to Prescott, away from the friends and acquaintances she had at the Grand Canyon. Elaine had no family, her parents were dead and her brother lived out of the country. If she disappeared, no one would really notice. This party was a way of showing Elaine to potential buyers, a way for them to take a "test drive" to see if they wanted to buy her.

Elaine knew nothing of this.

---

Amanda had Elaine relaxed. She looked at the beautiful woman she had enticed into going to a party where multiple men she had never met would be having sex with her. Elaine was about 5'2", maybe a little bit under. She had a slim build, with a flat stomach and a pair of small perky breasts. Elaine had been conscious of her limited cleavage, but Amanda's praise and frequent attention to them made her feel better and more confident. Elaine had great legs: thin calves and wonderful silky thighs that had made Amanda happy on many occasions. Elaine's ass was a work of art, firm with gentle curves and a lovely pale complexion. Amanda had convinced Elaine to let her eat a piece of cake off it for her birthday; that had been a wonderful night. Elaine had straight, dark blonde hair that fell to just below her shoulders. Elaine had been growing it out for a while and was planning on doing it more. She had a lovely face, round with full cheeks and a pert nose. The most striking thing about her face, and really about her entire body, were the big blue eyes that stared back with intelligence and shyness. Her eyes displayed an openness and innocence, but a barrier that some mistook as snobbishness. Her eyes pulled you in, but the barrier pushed many away.

"No butt stuff, right?" Elaine said, looking for reassurance. 

"That's what the color of your mask means."

"Condoms?"

"Required."

Elaine finished her glass. The wine was already radiating warmth out from her core and whatever inhibitions she had were rapidly dissipating. 

"Okay, get me ready," Elaine said, surrendering herself to the moment.

Amanda had brought them to the big house in the Las Vegas suburbs. So far, Elaine had not seen another person. They had entered through the back garage door and gone straight to a small bedroom in the basement. Amanda had arranged it all and had disappeared briefly, leaving Elaine alone. When she had returned, Amanda had a black velvet box, a small bag, and a bottle of wine.

"Shower first," Amanda said. They had driven the four plus hours from the Grand Canyon and even in an air-conditioned car, they were both a little sweaty.

Elaine was not surprised and actually a little relieved when Amanda stepped into the shower with her. They both drank some more wine and Elaine enjoyed Amanda's hands washing her and enjoyed washing her toned girlfriend, too. She was getting more into the mood, more turned on and sexually aware.

By the time they had finished, Elaine was definitely on her way to being drunk and ready for some sex. Amanda dried and brushed Elaine's hair and inspected her. They had had Elaine's finger and toenails done in a dark shade of red and given her legs a good waxing yesterday. Her bush was neatly trimmed, though Amanda did get out the scissors and trimmed a few stray hairs.

"How do I look?"

"Sweetie," Amanda purred, "I'm half tempted just to keep you here and have you for myself all night."

"And I'm half tempted to let you."

They were silent for a moment and the sounds of the party, already underway, reached them through the walls.

"Let's finish up," Amanda said.

She took out a thin, silk lined leather collar and hooked it around Elaine's slender neck. Amanda kissed her neck briefly. Next, she pulled out a pair of fur lined metal cuffs and clicked them on Elaine's wrists. They had done enough bondage that this was old hat for Elaine, but for the first time Amanda was not going to be the one using her.

Elaine was in a haze as Amanda opened the box that held her mask. It was pretty, Elaine thought. It was red with glitter that would cover her nose, eyes and forehead. A spray of three long bright feathers went from the top with a cluster of smaller ones around the edges.

"Blue means oral, violet vaginal," Amanda explained as she showed Elaine the mask. "Orange means condoms. The little ones are for decoration." Amanda lied about that. The little feathers marked her as a potential sale and limited her to specific men. "If you get a chance to look at other girls' masks you might see other colors. Some mean anal, others that it is okay to fist or whip the girl. No one does anything not indicated by the mask. You don't want to get blacklisted from these parties." That much was true.

Amanda put the mask on Elaine, making sure it was comfortable but would stay on during the rough night ahead. A little spirit gum, some hair clips and a string around the back and her work was done.

"You're beautiful, Laney," Amanda said as she looked her roommate over. "Let's finish getting you ready."

Amanda stepped behind Elaine and began kissing her neck. Her hands roamed over her bound lover's body, teasing her nipples and slipping into her slit. Amanda knew Elaine's body and knew how to get it turned on and ready.

Elaine was wet, her nipples erect and hard when Amanda hooked the leash to her collar and gave it a tug. She still wondered what the hell she was doing, but let Amanda lead her out to be fucked by strange men she had never met and probably would never see again.

Once into the basement hall, the noise was louder. There was music playing, some sort of funk dance mix, and a background drone of conversation. Elaine could begin to pick up the sounds of sex, of moaning and the rhythmic slapping of flesh on flesh.

"Wait a minute," Elaine said and stopped. "Where's your mask?" She looked at her roommate. Amanda was in a teddy with a pair of crotchless panties and some high-heeled sandals.

"Come on, Laney," Amanda said with a laugh, "do you really think any mask would disguise me?" She flipped her unruly head of curls around. "Besides, I know most of the people here anyway. And I'm your mistress, not a slave."

"But aren't you going to..." Elaine let it hang.

"Fuck? Definitely. But tonight is about you."

Amanda gave the leash a tug and they started walking again.

"What about a safe word?"

"There aren't any."

Amanda pulled Elaine to the stairs and up into the party.

From behind her mask, Elaine surveyed the scene. Her first thought was that this was a big living room. There was a bar off to one side where a collared girl in a black negligee poured drinks. A high vaulted ceiling rose overhead with fans slowly turning. By the bar, a gas fireplace burned, adding more mood than warmth though Elaine noted it was warm in the room, perfect for naked guests, she assumed. Several doors and hallways led off and sliding doors opened out onto a patio illuminated by tiki torches. In the room were several modular couches and chairs, all expensive and comfortable looking. Elaine found the décor pleasing, modern with a hint of rustic western.

Having done a thorough study of the physical features of the room, she began to notice the people. There were maybe a dozen men, mostly white and she guessed in their thirties and forties, though it was hard to tell. All wore plain black masks that covered their eyes and the tops of their faces, some were naked, some only wore jeans. Every cock she saw was bigger than any of her previous boyfriends, and she studied them intently knowing that some of them were going to be inside her. There were a handful of women, certainly less women than men. She saw a blonde bent over one of the chairs, getting a hard fucking from behind and another on her back on an ottoman getting fucked while another man fucked her face. A third was on her knees sucking another man's cock. Aside from the bartender, these were the only women.

A group of four men stood by the fireplace with drinks in their hands and looked at Elaine and Amanda as they entered and stopped at the doorway. Elaine leaned back, getting ready to flee. "This was crazy, this was dirty. How could she do this?" She wondered to herself. She wanted to run away and be done with this.

Amanda gave the leash a sharp jerk and started towards the men by the fireplace. Elaine's heart was racing and her pussy was getting wetter by the second as the moment neared. If she yelled "no" would anyone listen? Would they stop and let her go? Would she want them to?

They passed the girl getting fucked on the ottoman, Elaine could hear and smell the fucking and saw the man in her pussy throw his head back in ecstasy. Elaine did not need to be told that he had cum. The girl, a curvy brunette whose boobs hung down and swayed in rhythm to her violation, moaned around the cock in her mouth. Elaine knew that could, that would, be her soon.

They were at the fireplace. Amanda greeted two of the men with a quick kiss. Elaine blushed furiously, realizing what a piece of meat she had become. Amanda whispered something to one of the men, he nodded and headed towards the hallway. Then she leaned in to another and whispered in his ear for a few seconds. He smiled and Amanda handed him Elaine's leash. Amanda blew her roommate a kiss and followed the man down the hallway.

---

Roy Barnhardt sat on a chair with a drink. He had just finished with some nameless blonde with a tight asshole. He was having a good night. He was easily the youngest man here, but was getting known by the right people. His friend, and former step-father, Greg had gotten him the invitation to this party. Roy potentially had the resources to buy a slave, it would strain his liquid assets for a while, but he could do it. The problem was he had not found a slave he wanted to own enough to put that sort of strain on his finances. Besides, he was having a lot of fun being brought in to fuck other men's slaves.

There was a flash of red at the door and Roy, along with everyone else in the room turned to look. He first saw Amanda; the red hair was impossible to miss. He had never met her before, but anyone in the region knew of the Redheaded Roper. She had a very smug and proud look on her face and held a leash dramatically over her shoulder.

Roy's eyes followed the leash back and his life changed. She was beautiful. The slender body, the small firm breasts, flat stomach, perfect thighs and bound hands entranced him. Her neatly trimmed dark blonde bush caught a glimmer of light from the room and he could see her lower lips puffy with arousal. He had never seen a body he wanted to possess more. Her demeanor caught him, too. Her big blue eyes took in the room, there was fear and arousal, a questioning of whether or not she should be here. She was innocent and he felt she always would be. When she started to pull away and Amanda jerked the leash to take her across the room, Roy started to get hard again.

He watched her walk across, pulled by the leash. His eyes dropped to her perfect ass, the curves and firmness were amazing. He noted a small, turtle tattoo on her upper right butt cheek. He wanted her, but the mask told a different story. The red mask meant that she was not yet a slave, but could be available. The smaller feathers said that there was already a potential buyer lined up and the slave was off limits to general use. The way Amanda was heading straight for Frank Goller and his cronies, she guessed it was him.

Roy had to have that woman. He did not know who she was or how he would get her, but he would find all that out in time. He would find her and he would take her.

---

Elaine was on her own. The three men formed a circle around her. Hands began caressing her naked body. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes. What was the worst thing that could happen to her? She'd get gangbanged? Wasn't that what she was here for? Hands rubbed her small, sensitive breasts. Another hand grabbed her ass while more caressed her thighs, working their way up. A hand touched her cheek and turned her head. Elaine parted her lips and she was kissed. After being with Amanda for so long, it was strange to feel stubble when she kissed, but not as strange as the male finger that parted her lower lips and slipped inside her wet slit. 

Elaine started at that contact and probably would have bolted and run except for the men surrounding her.

"Just relax," a deep voice said softly in her ear. "It will be okay."

There was a mouth on her breast, biting roughly on her sensitive nipple. She tried to pull away, but could not. The finger in her pussy pushed in deeper, exploring her.

"Let's do her on the ottoman," she heard a man behind her say. "It's open now."

Elaine wanted to protest, but her hair was grabbed and a man roughly kissed her. For a moment, she was overwhelmed by the sensations. She was being kissed, her nipple sucked, her pussy fingered and her ass groped. Her mind was still not sure about this, but her body knew what it wanted.

There was a tug on the leash and Elaine was being pulled to the middle of the room. She stumbled, but was caught and half carried. One of the men was scooting the square footstool into almost the exact center of the room and she could see people turning to watch what was going to happen to her.

This was too much. She did not want to be on display while being fucked and decided it was time to put a stop to this. Just as soon as she could, she was going to run and find Amanda.

Elaine was flipped onto her back and two men gently set her down on the stool. The third man stepped in between her legs and pushed them apart.

"Nice thighs," he complimented her.

Elaine looked at his cock as he stroked it. It was much bigger than any one she had ever had inside her before. Someone handed him a condom and he unrolled it, readying to fuck her. Elaine was scared, close to panic. Again, she asked herself why she had agreed to this. She tried to rise, but two men held her down. She looked up at the masked men pushing her down and saw no compassion, only lust and desire in their eyes.

The cock pressed against her lower lips. This was going to happen. He stared down at her helpless body and began pushing into her. Elaine bit her lip to keep from crying out as he slowly pushed deeper and deeper into her. She had never had a cock like that inside her before, the size and warmth were different from anything Amanda had done to her.
