 I was standing there along with 250 other couples and was getting undressed as cameramen roamed the floor filming every detail. 

This had all started with a visit to a friend I had made in Japan. On an earlier business/vacation trip a woman, Miko, had introduced herself as wanting to practice her English and had joined me in touring Tokyo and the surrounding areas. At the end of our third day together we were on our way to a bathhouse and it was when we were walking down an empty road leading to the bathhouse that both Miko and I had our skirts and panties tugged down to our ankles by a hooded stranger. So there we were with our butts exposed. We quickly pulled our panties and skirts up and were in shock. 

Once I had gotten over the shock of this my second shock was the bathhouse itself; it was not segregated. So there I was first being touched and showered by a female attendant and this all in full view of men who were likewise being attended to by male attendants. The bath in this case consisted of squatting naked on a small stool while the attendant first lathered me up and then rinsed me off. It was required of every bather before entering the hot soaking pools. In the pools Miko introduced me to other men and women who were her friends and were very curious about me, an American Asian.

I am of Vietnamese descent. So both the ladies and men had me stand up for examination and an intimate one at that. They wanted to see if my body differed from a Japanese woman's body and did my hair feel different. I am short like many Asian women, have jet black, coarse, straight hair, dark eyes, a slightly tanned or yellow skin, with a slightly more rounded butt than many of the Japanese women. My pubic hair which both the men and women saw no problem with touching is also coarse and straight like many Asian women's hair. I had it trimmed into a two-inch wide landing strip on my belly and kept my labia free of hair. My trimmed hair patch and my exposed clitoris, labia and nymphae were of great interest to both the men and women; almost all the Japanese women did not shave. Their genitals were covered in differing patches of dark hair. 

On top of their curiosity in my physical difference, the men and women also felt no problem with sitting against me skin-to-skin or standing in front of me with their penises or crotches only inches from my face. Social distance was null.

Unknown to me Miko had planned the depantsing, the having an attendant running her hands all over my naked body and I do mean even in my intimate places, and being felt up and rubbed against by her friends in the tubs... all with the intention of getting me aroused. She further loosened me up with some local rice wine. The heat of the pools' waters soon had the alcohol coursing through my head, but also making me feel hornier. 

This all led up to the final act on the local subway. Miko had sensed that I was feeling adventurous away from my husband and my children and thought she had chosen the right woman for what was about to happen. She knew of a crew of men who would find women randomly on the trains of Tokyo and elsewhere, strip them, sexually toy with them until they experienced an orgasm or multiple orgasms, and then engage them in oral sex and intercourse. They would film the entire episode and post it as amateur pornography. To make the films more erotic and less like assault Miko was one of several women these men used to determine how receptive a woman was to an adventurous sexual experience. 

I was tipsy so I trusted Miko to direct me to the proper train; she even picked the particular and end of the car. At the time I was too woozy to see how deliberate she had been. She even told me which direction to turn when I entered the car so that I found myself on one of the ends of that car. I didn't notice at the time I boarded that the screens on the windows of this end of the car had been drawn closed. 

At first nothing happened. Bodies pressed against me, but this was nothing unusual for a train in the crowded conditions of Tokyo. The bodies pressed so much against me that I actually dozed off in my drunken sleepiness standing up and held up by the press of bodies against me. It was nothing in Japan to feel a man's erection because he was pressed against your feminine body. 

What I hadn't noticed was that all those around me were men. I soon felt fingers touching my skirted backside and this woke me up. Thinking it was just a random itch I brushed against my skirt and then scratched my backside. Again I settled down to the rocking motion of the car. But there again and this time it felt as if two touches were tracing the curve of my backside. This time I again brushed against my skirt but the hands I encountered pressed firmly against my round backside and wouldn't let go. I turned and saw a grinning face and scowled at him, hoping that he would stop once caught. He did, for a moment, but then other hands began to touch my hips, my backside and now my belly. I now looked fiercely around, fully out of my drunken stupor and said, "Heah, cut that out," in English. 

At this point a hand came over my mouth and closed my lips tight so that I could only breathe through my nose and could not bite my offender's hand. This accomplished, my assailants turned around and began to grope and relieve me of my clothing piece by piece. I was screaming now, fully awake and totally shocked at this treatment and that it was happening unabated by the public surroundings of being in a crowded train car. I tried to turn my head to see if I could catch a sympathetic eye but all I saw was a group of all men looking at me and one man holding a camera filming me being groped and undressed.

It wasn't long before they had my blouse off, my bra undone and my breasts bared for all to see and touch. One man even bent his head down and taking one my nipples in his mouth he sucked hard and flicked his tongue vigorously across the hardening tip of my breast. As horny as I still was it felt good to have this stranger's lips and tongue teasing my aroused nipple; I wanted the other nipple to be so treated. Instead I felt a pair of rough fingers grasp and roll the exposed nipple to and fro until it was hard as could be.

Now bare breasted and not having a clue where my blouse and brassiere had disappeared to it was only a matter of time before my assailants wanted to see the rest of me. Arms wrapped around my chest while the silencing hand stayed in place and I soon found myself relieved of my short boots. Set back down I felt multiple hands now rubbing my chest and bare back and felt fingers tugging at the band to my skirt. In minutes my skirt was undone and dropped to the floor and soon thereafter I was relieved of my panties with a few quick tugs. Realizing that in this state I could easily be raped I kicked and bucked and screamed. With so many leering and unsympathetic men surrounding me I quickly realized I had no chance. They could take me however they chose; they could rape me; they could abuse me; they could foul me in any way they wanted; no one would come to my assistance. Still a part of me hoped that someone, either man or woman, would notice what was going on from either inside the car or out on a platform as we stopped, waited for the car to load and unload and then moved on at each station.

Now they lifted my nude body up off the floor so I was held by four men, one on each of my limbs. They had spread apart my legs. Fingers soon found their way between my legs and because I had no hair to obstruct their easy access these fingers were soon inside of me flicking against my g-spot. In my horny state and despite the fact that this was the result of an assault I soon orgasmed from the incredible pleasure of those probing and vibrating fingers. This man had a technique that I couldn't resist despite the fears I felt. And then hardly had this climax ended then once again I felt those same fingers plunging in and out and up and down and now felt a different finger flicking against my exposed clit. I soon I succumbed to yet another orgasm. This time my body arched up into the air exposing the tender folds of my dark, hairless genitals. And yet again a third time a different pair of fingers probed me and were soon working in and out of me as if they were my husband's small penis wildly fucking me and once again my body spasmed, arched up, and I let out a loud moan. This time the crowd of men grunted their laughing approval. "We can make you our bitch and make you cry out in heat. We can do anything we want with you," they were saying to me in English. 

Now a younger man was between my legs and I heard the clink of his belt buckle and the zip of his zipper and the rustle of clothing as he pushed his pants down. His naked hips touched my thighs and that sensation was soon followed by the head of his hard penis sliding past my engorged labia and nymphae and pushing into my slippery vagina. Deep he sank his penis into me and despite the horror of having unprotected intercourse with a perfect stranger I soon felt incredible pleasure as pleasure deep within my vagina was added to the pleasure my clit and my g-spot were already feeling. I soon felt his young, hard, long penis squirting hot, thick semen deep inside of me. He groaned as he released a load of spunk into me. He was soon replaced by a stockier man whose penis was thicker than the first's. The sensation of his thicker, but shorter penis was different than the younger man's but he was able to penetrate me repeatedly until I was almost on the verge of yet another climax. But then I felt him stiffen, shudder and then release shot after shot of hot semen inside my vagina. I felt like my vagina was virtually swimming in sperm and semen and that thought aroused me further. I felt my body quiver just from the thought of how incredibly sexual and erotic this was. Despite being raped I was fully aroused and wanting more.

For a moment I felt guilt at the pleasure I was feeling. I had not been with another man other than my husband. Although one time I had strayed with a rather well-endowed masseur when I and my friends had had a little too much to drink and had talked each other into using the services of a masseur at our hotel room. Lea and Jean, both married like me, had succumbed to this masseur's particular talent and frankly the size of his manhood in comparison to our husbands. But other than that I had remained faithful to Lee, my husband. Now here I was being abused, stripped and fucked...and a part of me was thrilled with the raw sexuality of what was happening. I wasn't being beaten or brutalized; I was being sexually toyed with and I was finding it angering but also incredibly arousing.

My thoughts were distracted by yet a third man who was using his penis to stimulate my clit by sliding the slick length of it against it. From the incredible sensations he was causing he was being very successful. Now once again I was on the verge of climaxing. As if sensing that fact he pushed his uncircumcised penis into my sopping wet vagina. I could feel his thick foreskin drag along the walls of my vagina and his length sank deep inside of me. All these sensations caused me to spasm in yet another orgasm. My vagina tightened around the shaft of this stranger's wonderful penis. He quickened his pace and this extended the orgasm and intensified it. My hips and belly were burning with animal pleasure. I actually thrust my hips down on his penis so I could feel him up against my pubic area. I dared to look down and saw his pubic hair tangled with my own with no visible space between our bellies. On and on and on went my spasms of pure pleasure and just as they were peaking and fading I felt his penis jump inside of me and streams of hot semen bathed my vagina with a delightful heat that extended my climax just a little more. 

Now I boldly watched as he pulled his member out from inside of me. His penis was coated white with the flow of cream from my vagina and the multiple ounces of semen that were filling my insides. I wanted to run a finger along that man's penis and feel that foreskin slide up and down around his cock's head and I wanted to taste the mix of semen and my own lubrication.

As if reading my mind my feet were released and I was set down on the floor of the train. Now I felt my shoulders being pressed down. Hands were all over me. The smell of sex from me and the men who had been between my legs filled the air. Surely another passenger, a woman surely with her more sensitive sense of smell, would smell sex and wonder what the hell was going on on my end of the car. But the assault went on. No one was stepping forward to rescue me. And part of me didn't want them to. This was the most erotic and exciting thing that had ever happened to me. I wanted more; the pleasure felt too good.

Now kneeling on the floor on my skirt and panties a fourth man unzipped his pants and pulled his penis out. His penis wasn't erect but that didn't matter. Where he was positioning it was at my mouth's lips. I smelled the scent of a man's genitals which have been trapped in a hot, humid environment. When I'd given Lee blow jobs his penis would smell like this at first until my licking and sucking had cleaned him off. With Lee, however, I had never actually consummated any of my blow jobs by taking his jetting semen into my mouth and then swallowing it. I thought that distasteful; it seemed to me like I would be drinking his pee.

The first man was uncircumcised and as he forced his penis past my lips, my lips dragged his foreskin back from the head of his penis. The taste was unpleasant as that part of his penis sheathed in foreskin was uncovered. It was an intense version of what I had tasted on my husband's penis several times in the past. I gagged but this helpless reaction just spurred him on to thrust harder into my mouth. And one of the men behind me pulled hard on my hair to force my lips and teeth to open. Now his hot cock was sliding in my mouth and several times he pushed back too far down my throat and I gagged. I soon adjusted my throat so more of his length could penetrate me without forcing me to gag. With this distasteful man I simply let him use my wet mouth as an unwilling vagina and once he increased the pace of his strokes in and out of my mouth he was soon ejaculating down my throat. His cum was fishy tasting and very thick. I started to choke on the copious amounts of semen he was squirting in my mouth, but he didn't finish thrusting into my face until he had shot his last load. As his cock slid out limp from my lips I tilted my head down to spit out his fishy tasting semen, but my hair was tugged back hard and I was told in English, "Swallow, bitch!!" Not until they could see my throat contract and I felt his gooey, thick semen slide down my throat, did they release on pulling my hair back. Yucchh!!

As soon as my head tilted back down I was facing another one-eyed monster. "Open," said the same voice, in English. As I felt a hard tug on my hair I opened my lips and yet another uncircumcised penis slid between my lips. This man's penis at least was clean and tasted warm and pleasant. This time, the same hard voice ordered, "Suck his penis. Really suck it." I did as I was told. I closed my eyes and pretended it was Lee's penis I had in my mouth. I used my lips to suck on this man's penis and swirled my tongue around the head and foreskin. The female mouth can produce incredible results. In no time this man too was cumming strong jets of semen into my mouth. His semen at least tasted sweet and sugary, but he ejaculated huge amounts of sperm into my mouth. I felt his penis spasm at least ten times...incredible... and each time large amounts of semen filled my mouth. As his semen filled my mouth it soon was dribbling down my chin as my mouth couldn't hold his sizable member and his cum. As he pulled out of my mouth more escaped my mouth in a slow waterfall down my chin. It clung there until its weight dripped down onto my breasts.

"Swallow...again." This time the taste being pleasant it was easier to swallow, but it took several gulps to get this man's larger amount of semen down my throat. The same stern man behind me, probably the one tugging on the hair on my head, ordered, "Lick up his cum and swallow also." Using my tongue and my fingers I gathered up the sticky semen that had flowed onto my lower lip and chin and licked my fingers clean of all that clear white sticky substance.

Now my taskmaster changed the game. He pulled me up off the floor and then forced my head down so that my hips were up in the air and my genitals and anus felt the cooler air of the train car against them. I knew instinctively what was about to happen. But I was surprised when instead of feeling a man's penis or fingers in my vagina, I suddenly felt a very hard penis pressing against the opening to my butt. I started to struggle; I figured anything as large as a man's penis was not going to go up my rectum without a great deal of pain. But as the man behind me painfully pressed his penis past my sphincter and up inside my rectum, several men held my torso down while two held my hips up in the air so I couldn't collapse to the floor of the car. 

God it hurt so bad as his dry penis forced its way further and further up my butt until I soon felt the coarse hair of his belly tickling the crack of my butt. Once this man had pushed all the way in to my rectum he began to increase his rhythm to the point that his testicles began slapping off my hairless pussy. I was sure that someone would hear that slapping noise but realized quickly that the ambient noise of the train was hiding all these noises and what was happening to me. Also I don't know why I didn't just cry out. Starting with being forced to fellate these men my assailants had stopped covering my mouth. I didn't realize until many hours later that at any point I could have screamed loudly. But the fact was I didn't. Like so many women I submitted to the stronger men who were surrounding me and abusing me. And also a part of me was lusting for what was happening to me. The complete abandoned to my own sexual nature was a rush. Yes, these men thought they were controlling me but they were giving me an excuse to have this unbelievably erotic experience. I controlled them. My naked body, my beautiful breasts and pussy and butt made them want me badly. And they were giving me incredible pleasure.

Being fucked in the ass went on for what seemed like a painful eternity. And before the man butt-fucking me was finished I started to feel hot wet stuff falling on my back, my butt and my head. It wasn't until the man butt fucking me released loads of semen up my rectum and allowed me to stand back up that I realized the remaining men including some of the men who had already had me were jacking off and shooting their sperm in great, white, sticky streams all over my body. As I stood up ropes of semen dripped down my back and my backside. It felt gross to be covered in men's sticky, cold semen. It clung to my naked skin and I couldn't easily wipe it off because of its stickiness; it just smeared unless I was willing to lick every gooey drop off of my fingers. And just like that the whole group of them zipped up and left the train and dispersed. And there I was on display naked on a train with hundreds of Japanese men and women staring at me. I felt the now cold semen dripping from my hair, my chin, my back, and my butt and on to my clothing strewn about the floor. 

Some women rushed to cover me up but no one wanted to get men's semen all over their clothing. A gracious elderly lady grabbed my panties and used them to wipe up my back and my backside. Out of a purse I grabbed a comb and combed white gobs of cum out of my dark, straight hair. Still it left me feeling sticky and crusty all over. And as several women helped me to dress and directed me off the train I could feel the large amounts of semen inside of my vagina and rectum begin to seep out of my pantiless bottomside. I didn't know how I did it, but I made it back to my hotel. I must have looked awful and smelled like a prostitute after a night of trysting with strange men. First I took a shower. Then I ordered a douche kit from room service to wash out my vagina and rectum so I wouldn't feel my assailants' semen leaking out my private parts for days. Then exhausted and confused at what had just happened I fell asleep for hours.
