 “Holy Fuck” shouted Chuck, as the information flashed up on his computer screen. He could not believe it at first, but it was true, he had found her, after two weeks of searching. There it was in black and white. Heather Harlow, ex glamour model, now living in Monterey CA. There was even a phone number, and her e-mail too. The question was, what was he to do now, he needed to contact her, but through what medium? A phone call was out of the question, too personal, too soon.

“Maybe write her a letter” he thought, then dismissed that idea also, finally deciding to send her an e-mail, in an attempt to start a dialogue. He decided to put Electraglide in Blue as the subject matter.

Dear Miss Harlow, Please forgive this intrusion upon your time, but I felt that I just had to contact you. I am now in possession of the Harley Davidson motorcycle that was used in the 1973 movie “Electraglide In Blue.” The very same motorcycle that you did a photo shoot around, for Hustler magazine, a few years ago. I am in Mobile AL., and my name is Chuck Deveraux, I am a motorcycle mechanic, and purchased this bike recently. I have spent the last six months restoring it to showroom condition. And my plan now is to tour around the States on it. I will be in California in the next two weeks, and I just wondered, would you like to see the bike again, as she was when you last saw her? Yours sincerely Chuck Deveraux.

Chuck double-checked his spelling and grammar, and then clicked the button to send it, wondering, hoping that she might reply. He closed his eyes, deep in thought now, realising how lucky that he had been, winning all that money on the lottery, $500,000 a year for the next ten years. It was only this that had enabled him to buy the bike of his dreams, give up his job, and fantasise about Heather Harlow, more commonly known as HH. She did not do the glamour work now, after her marriage failed, and her husband was convicted of running a string of hookers, she divorced him, and went into seclusion almost it seemed. But he, Chuck Deveraux, had now found her.

His dream, of reproducing the photo shoot, with the bike that he now owned, and the model he adored seemed a gigantic step closer. Chuck opened the drawer in his computer desk, and picked up the well-thumbed magazine. A copy of Hustler, from 1993, two years before Heather’s disastrous marriage. He flipped through the pages, quickly finding what he was looking for. There it was, his bike, shining like a new pin, and there she was HH. Sitting astride it, wearing a cobalt blue swimsuit, her nipples proud against the material. She was five feet four inches tall, with beautiful long brown hair and brown eyes, and her breasts, 36C, perfection. As soon as he saw her it started, the familiar stirring in his loins, as his cock reacted to what he could see.

The swimsuit was slowly being removed, picture-by-picture. Chuck looked at her left breast, with the deliciously dark brown swelling circling her nipple, pushing it out. His zipper now open, as he fondled his swelling shaft, stroking it. Her hands, pressing her tits together, a “come fuck these baby” look in her eyes. His cock now rigid, as he slipped out of his jeans and boxers, taking a firmer grip, and stroking it even harder. He quickly turned to the centrespread where she was naked, sat on the seat, one leg on the floor, the other on the handlebars. Her sweet pink pussy, under a small triangle of soft downy hair, entrancing him, as it always did. 

He grabbed a tissue from the box on his desk, and fell to his knees. Eyes closed, pumping furiously on his hard swollen cock. In his minds eye he could see Heather, beckoning him, holding her pussy lips open, offering it to him. He licked his lips, imagining he was tasting her, licking his way all over her sex, and tongue fucking her as she moaned in pleasure. His back tightened, his body as taut as stretched elastic, and then he exploded, holding the tissue against the head of his cock, as cum shot free, stream after stream travelling down his shaft, giving him that ecstatic feeling that all men crave. He was panting, tears of pleasure in his eyes, his cock slowly slackening, as he squeezed it, drawing out the last few drops.

Chuck took one more look at the photograph, kissed her pussy, and turning off the computer, decided to go to bed.

Heather returned from her lunch date with Karin, her ex personal assistant, and now her best friend, just before 2PM. She decided to check her computer for messages, before having a long cool drink by the pool. She sat at her PC, surveying her e-mails, one caught her eye, she did not know the senders name, but it was titled “Electraglide In Blue.” Heather knew that she had heard the phrase before, but could not remember where, intrigued now, she opened the mail. She read it through twice, and then sat there, thinking, and remembering. It had been a beautiful morning at Daytona Beach, early before the public started arriving. She and Karin, along with a hunk of a photographer, and what was more, he was not gay, as so many are. Heather had been so turned on by the bike, sitting on it naked, as its powerful engine throbbed between her thighs. She chuckled, remembering the afternoon, and their motel room, both of them being fucked by the hunk, until it went dark.

“Oh yes, Mr Chuck Deveraux, I remember your bike very well.” She said, as she moved on to read her other mail. After reading all the mail, and discarding some, she changed into a bikini, and took her book, to sit and read by the pool. She tried, but it was no good, the book held no interest for her. It was that e-mail, the motorcycle one; her mind kept drifting back to Daytona. The guy had been a stud, no doubt about it, not only well hung, but he knew how to use it too. She could almost see herself, mouth clamped on Karin’s pussy, as he fucked her from behind, then later, sitting on his face, kissing Karin, as she rode his cock. The memories came flooding back, as her nipples hardened, and the damp patch got a little larger with every minute.

“But what the fuck was his name?” she said out loud, She heard one time that he had gone to Europe, producing porn movies, and she knew they would be good ones too. But his name still eluded her. She decided to phone Karin, she might now.

“Hi Karin hun, its H here”

“Mmmm, hi sweetie, thank you for the lunch, it was wonderful,”

“No problem Karin, it was my pleasure. A question for you, do you remember Daytona, and a photo shoot I did there on a motorcycle?”

“Remember it! Hell yeah, how can I ever forget the sight of you, naked, sitting on the saddle, twisting your nipples, with that engine throbbing away under you. I thought you were going to cum all over the damned thing hun.” Karin replied, and laughed softly.

Heather smiled to herself, “Can you remember his name though, the photographer, I have been trying for an hour now?”

“Stefan, he was from Poland, or his family were, didn’t he go back to make porno’s? Anyway, what brought this on, it is so long ago now?”

Heather told Karin about the e-mail, and how the guy was bringing the bike to California soon, but she was unsure about it. Was it really safe, with all the stalkers and weirdoes about these days? Karin suggested if she would like to see it, mail him, ask for a photo, at least she would know he had a bike. Better still, a photo with today’s New York Times or something on the seat, so he could not fake it.

“Karin, you are so smart darling, what would I do without you?”

“Smart? Don’t know about that, but I do remember how Stefan fucked us both twice, that guy was HOT wasn’t he hun?”

“Tell me about it, I am fucking dripping here, just remembering, oh my God am I?”

“Want me to come over hun?”

“I thought you would never ask you horny bitch, get that sweet ass over here now”

Karin chuckled down the phone, and then disconnected the call, as she made her way to the door. 

Heather went indoors again, and reconnected the PC. Doing as Karin suggested, she would ask him for a photo of the bike, with today’s newspaper, showing the date on the seat. 

Mr Deveraux, Thank you for your mail, I found it interesting, but We live in a dangerous society, with stalkers, and all sorts of weird people on the loose, so I hope that you understand my need to be careful.

I receive many e-mails, which are not what they seem, in fact some are downright disgusting, not that I am accusing you of this. I would ask though, that you provide me with some photographic proof of your claim. Maybe a photograph of the motorcycle, with a copy of today’s newspaper on the seat, clearly showing the date and headlines, one that I can check out on line. I do hope you can understand my reticence Yours Heather Harlow.

Heather smiled, that should do the trick, if he was not genuine, she would never hear from him again. She left the computer connected, so that she would hear the alert if he replied.

When Heather’s e-mail arrived, Chuck was at his computer, searching for another old Harley to refurbish. As soon as he saw who it was from he read it. His first thought was that she was not interested at all, and then he reread the mail. Chuck could see her point, and he smiled, realising that this would not be a problem at all. Not only did he love his motorcycles, but he was also a very talented amateur photographer. One of his first purchases after his big win was a Japanese SLR digital camera, top of the range model too. He quickly located the newspaper, and his camera, and then set about taking the photos. Within 30 minutes, he sent a reply.

Miss Harlow, Thank you for your reply, and yes, I can understand, an e-mail from someone you have never heard of would make you think twice. I have done as you requested, and, included a couple of other photos also. Starting with the bike as I found it, in a very sad condition, another after I had stripped it down, and the finished article. The last photograph is myself, sat on the bike, pointing at today’s date ion the local newspaper, which is online for you to check. I have no wish to offend you, and I assure you that I am completely genuine. Regards Chuck Deveraux.

Karin had been at Heather’s house about 5 minutes when the e-mail alert sounded; they were sat on the couch, discussing the qualities of Stefan and his cock at the time. Heather had found the photos that had appeared in Hustler, in her portfolio, she had kept everything that was ever published. She left Karin looking at them, while she went to her computer, and opened Chuck’s e-mail. She read it first, and then downloaded the photos.

“OH MY FUCKING GOD KARIN, you have to see this, this guy is a hunk, Jesus, is he ever, holy cow.”

Karin crossed the room quickly, and looked at the photo on the screen. There was the bike, looking brand new, and sitting on it was a man, at least six feet tall, muscles everywhere, with bright blue eyes, and flowing blonde hair, tied in a ponytail. He was pointing at the date on a newspaper he held, and smiling into the camera.

“Heather, mail him, YES, get him here baby, oh my, he is fucking gorgeous, and look at the bike, can’t you just feel it throbbing between your legs, vibrating that sweet pussy of yours. Oh my Heather, oh fucking my.”

Heather was already typing, even before Karin had finished speaking.

Hello again Chuck, May I call you that? I hope so. It is wonderful to see the motorcycle again, if only to recall the day I spent at Daytona on the shoot, it holds many memories for me. So, if you should make it to California, please call me on 555 6734, so that I can meet you, and see it again, maybe even take a ride on it with you. Thank you for letting me know Regards Heather Harlow.

Karin moved behind Heather’s chair, using her hand to pull her hair aside, and whispering to her.

“We have unfinished business baby, and all these pictures we are looking at, are not helping at all.”

Karin kissed Heather on the neck, licking it gently, as her hands untied the bikini top, and she let it fall. She reached around Heather with one hand, and began stroking the already hard nipple, then started to pinch, and tweak it, as Heather moaned softly. Slowly she turned the chair around, and leaned in a little, letting her tongue play on Heather’s breast, prodding at the little swelling around the nipple. Karin knew what this did to Heather, and sure enough, Heather’s hand was down to her mound, and slipped inside the bikini bottoms. Karin opened her mouth, to cover the nipple, and then sucked softly upon it, using the tip of her tongue to circle it. Heather started to moan louder now, and pulled on Karin’s head, pushing it as close as she could to her body.

Karin used her teeth, gripping and pulling the nipple, stretching Heather’s tit out, then, suddenly she released it, and pulled off her T-shirt. Her own tits now free, she took hold of Heather’s head, and pulled it towards her chest. Heather deftly flicked her tongue at Karin’s nipple, then the other one, before licking them slowly, and swirling her tongue around. As Heather licked and sucked on Karin’s tits, she slipped her hand under her skirt, knowing full well that Karin never wore panties. She stroked the smooth silky skin of Karin’s mound, now totally devoid of hair since the waxing, her “Brazilian”. Karin moaned in pleasure, shifting and spreading her thighs for her lover, as Heather slowly inserted her finger. Scraping her teeth across the hard nipple between her lips, and biting it as her finger explored Karin’s wet sex.

“Oh God yes, make me cum baby, oh fuck, oh Jesus.”

Heather moved her head back, and looked up at Karin, who grabbed at her head, and kissed her, hard and deep, her tongue dancing with Heather’s. Heather now pushed two fingers into the wanting pussy, and used her thumb to rub Karin’s clit, faster, building it up, taking her to the edge. Karin broke from the kiss, throwing her head back, and crying out, as the waves of pleasure started. They rippled through her, making her legs shake, as she held onto to Heather’s head, pulling it against her tits, and gasping and panting a little. Heather eased her fingers free, and turning her head slightly, licked them, and started to suck Karin’s nectar into her throat.

“God Heather, how do you do that, as soon as you touch my pussy, I am helpless, totally fucking helpless. Mmmm, kiss me baby, and hold me, please?”

Heather stood, her mouth brushing Karin’s soft lips, caressing them, and kissing her tenderly. She felt Karin’s hand on her bikini, pulling at the tie on her hips, breaking from the kiss, she whispered,

“The couch, make love to me on it baby, eat my pussy, and make me scream, now baby, now.”

Heather dropped the bikini pants onto the floor, and walked to the couch, as Karin took something from her little bag. Heather lay back on the couch, one leg on the carpet, and the other rose up, her foot on the soft cushion. Her hand moved to her mound, as she watched Karin, holding her pocket rocker, and licking it slowly, taunting her. Heather ran her fingertips through the soft downy hair of her mound; she had trimmed it that very morning, She moved her hand lower, circling the little nub of her rosebud, sighing at the joy of this, her favourite spot on her body. She looked at Karin, her eyes pleading for release, mouthing the words, 

“Fuck me baby, please fuck me.”

Karin took a step towards her, passing by the coffee table, when the phone rang, its crisp clear tones shattering the pregnant silence.

“OH FUCK!” shouted Heather “Who the fuck is that now?”

She grabbed the phone, putting it to her ear.

“Yes!”

“Hello, Miss Harlow, is that you, Chuck Deveraux here, the bike, do you remember me ma`am?”

She put her hand over the mouthpiece, and stared at Karin,

“It’s him, the hunk with the bike, oh shit, what do I say?”

“Hello, Miss Harlow, are you there ma`am?”

“Yes, yes Chuck, I am here, you just took me a little by surprise, that’s all.”

Chuck smiled, he had her on the phone at last, and her voice, it was almost husky, and so damned sexy, he just wanted to listen to her, but knew he had things to say.

“I just wanted to let you know, that I will be leaving Mobile tomorrow morning. I should be with Y`all in California by Monday or Tuesday, and I was wondering, when it will be convenient for me to call ma`am.”

Heather was staring at Karin, as she listened to Chuck, watching as she placed her foot on the coffee table, and pulled her skirt aside. She was rubbing the little vibe on her slit, Heather could see the juices on Karin’s thigh, and how the rocket now glistened in them, she moaned softly, and licked her lips.

“Are you OK Miss Harlow ma`am?” said Chuck, the concern in his voice obvious.

“Yes, yes I am fine,” she managed to say, as she watched Karin licking the rocket, as she fingered herself, teasing Heather to the point of distraction.

“Monday or Tuesday will be great Chuck, just call me when you reach Monterey, and I will give you directions. Oh, and by the way, I will have a friend here, just as security, is that OK?”

She wondered how she had managed to get the words out, watching Karin finger her sweet cunt, and licking her juices from the rocket. She was almost rampant now, just wanted Karin on her, in her, fucking her.

“Sure thing Miss Harlow ma`am, and thank you again, and I will call as soon as I can, Bye.”

Chuck was a little confused, something in her voice, as if he had disturbed her, but, “never mind” he thought, next week I will be there. Heather dropped the phone into its cradle, glared at Karin, hissing almost

“Come here bitch, and fucking take me, I am so fucking horny, fuck me, eat me, just fucking do it, NOW.”

Chuck put down the phone, happy that he had finally spoken to her, and knowing that they would soon meet. He was still a little perturbed at her voice, and the way she had been breathing, almost gasping at times. Chuck had the definite impression that he had interrupted something, maybe she had one of those hot surfer studs there, and he had been ready too slip his fat cock into her. Just the thought of her pussy was enough; Chuck’s hand was inside his robe, stroking his hardening cock. He closed his eyes, he could see her, the photo from Hustler, which he had enlarged, and now hung over his workbench. Her leg on the bile, nipples hard and erect, and that sweet pussy winking at him, the one he kissed every morning. His cock was like a ramrod now, hard as granite as he stroked it, faster and faster.

He had a vision of Heather, chained by the wrists to his workbench, naked, her legs spread, pussy and ass open to his eyes, his hands, and then his cock. He could taste her, as his tongue glided over her pussy, as he parted the lips to lick her cunt, then moved to lick her brown star button, and fuck it with his tongue. Panting hard by now, he could feel his cock entering her, as her cunt gripped it, sucked it, and fucked it. He cried out as he came, shooting his load over his hand, onto the floor, but he didn’t care, he was in heaven, He relaxed slowly, as his breathing returned to normal, and he started to think about next week. Could it happen, would it, would she like him? Like him enough o fuck him.

“God I hope so.” Sighed Chuck.

Karin smiled at Heather; as she continued to leisurely finger herself.

“So, that was him huh, the biker stud, coming next week even, hmmmm.”

“Yes, it was him, now please baby, don’t make me wait, I need to cum so fucking bad.”

Karin walked to the cupboard, opened it, and pulled out the big strap on. The one with the eight-inch fat jelly cock, then she stood in front of heather, laid the rocket on the floor, and started to put on the strap on. Locating the clit stimulator, before fastening the straps.

“Are we gonna fuck this stud bitch?”

“ I don’t care, I just need fucking now, PLEASE.”
