 She couldn't believe it. She had really, finally been fired. Simon, her boss, had told her less than an hour before. She had worked her ass off for this corporation, but she would let it go. Her handsome boss had smiled sympathetically, but offered no solution to her predicament. She had gone back to her office in a state of shock. Edward was waiting for her.

"So what's the verdict, Kathleen?"

"Fired. The sonofabitch fired me!" She started packing up her things; she was expected to be out of the building by 4.

"Fired, HA!" Edward always did have a disgusting since of humor. He was damn hot, though. "Maybe now I can fuck his brains out without worrying about intra-office involvement" she thought lustily...Simon would be another sexy lay.  Ah, fantasies, she thought, giving her office one last longing look before heading off toward the elevator bay.

As the elevator door opened, Edward joined her going down. "I have a damn consult on 9..." They entered the elevator together and she was surprised to see Simon looking disgruntled as usual inside. "What a lovely coincidence." He muttered, pushing the 3rd floor button more times than was strictly necessary. The door closed and they started to descend. Kathleen started to make small talk, but was a bit overcome by her feelings of sexual tension, remembering her fantasies and chose instead to be quiet with these last few minutes with her coworkers.

Suddenly the elevator came to a screeching halt. A crackling voice came over the loud speaker, muttering something about "ineffectual maintenance" and "thirty minutes." Kathleen thought she heard a vague apology in there somewhere. She sighed and set down her now-antiquated office supplies and joined her coworkers on the floor.

The silence was uncomfortable only as long as Edward allowed it. "So, Kathleen," he scooted closer to her suggestively, his dusty blond hair nearly brushing her own dark curls. Simon eyed them suspiciously from across the little elevator room.

Almost conspiratorially, Edward murmured, "That skirt is incredibly becoming..." He leaned in for a kiss and Kathleen thought "why not? what the hell?" as she opened her mouth to his probing tongue. As his kiss became deeper she opened up more to him, her knees parting as her black skirt started to ride up her naked thighs. They kissed hard, wet, and she began to feel a delicious wetness between her legs. Edward inched his hand up her bare thigh and roughly slid aside her black panties, slipping one deft finger inside her suddenly. She threw her head back, her hair trailing luxuriously down her back. 

"My you're wet already; I see why they called you the office slut.." Edward mumbled against her lips as his hand worked under her skirt. Simon was watching Edward's finger moving in and out of his former subordinate's pussy, although he was pretending to not notice.

Edward suddenly pulled off Kathleen's panties and threw them to Simon, who, surprised, caught them. "C'mon, Simon, join in...she's completely hot for us," Edward said as he turned Kathleen onto her back and spreading her legs, moved in toward her dripping pussy. She eagerly ran her hands in his hair, leading him to her pulsing jewel, craving the wet pressure of his tongue there. She looked over at Simon, her former boss, rolled her eyes up to his and saw him fighting the erection that was plainly obvious beneath his nicely pressed pin-stripes. "Oh, Simon," she was almost breathless, "take your dick out and play..."

Edward murmured against her clit, "Yeah, Simon, we won't tell anyone how small it is." Kathleen and Edward both chuckled and Simon, red-faced, looked away, his raging boner still in his pants, pressing up against his zipper. 

Edward's tongue made amazing circles around her hardened nub and she moaned lustily. "I want your cock,"

"No problem, baby cakes." Edward pulled her to her feet and pressed her against the wall. She slid off her blouse, exposing a matching black bra and revealing luscious breasts, her pink nipples hard and assertive. Her skirt was at her waist, barely a belt. She was almost nearly clean shaven, just a tantalizing trail of fine hair led downward to her secrets. She raised her right leg, propping her heel on the handrail, opening herself wide, her cunt displayed to both men in their office suits. She was wet and ran one finger over her glistening lips, breathing harshly and closing her eyes languidly. 

Edward dropped his pants and stood so that Simon could get a great view. Simon's hand was in his lap, resting on his massive erection, almost like he was willing it away while at the same time gently stroking, keeping it hard. Edward stroked his own hard cock, he had grown amazingly large. He stood behind Kathleen and pushed his hard dick into her pussy, sliding deeply inside of her with slow thrusts, in and out.

Simon gave up when Kathleen murmured, "Please, Simon..." He unzipped his pants and took out his cock, rubbing his pre-cum over the head and gripping it tightly in his fist. He pumped himself in rhythm to Edward's thrusts. Kathleen could feel Edward's balls slapping her ass as he pounded into her and she loved it. Her eyes found Simon's and was thrilled to the core to see him jerking off to her fucking, sliding his hand faster and faster over his huge dick. She gripped the handrail, spreading her legs wider, wanting more. She whispered, "Simon, come here." and he stood, his pants falling around his ankles as he moved towards them. 

Edward slowed his thrusts, his cock soaking with Kathleen's juices, and pulled out, moving aside for the other man. He was still hard and stood close by, running his hands over himself absent-mindedly as Simon shyly touched Kathleen's hip. She smiled seductively, "Fuck me," and she bent over completely, turning her back to Simon and grasping her ankles. Her short skirt laid over her soft ass as a mere formality. Her darkened pussy shone, ready for Simon, her lips swollen and needy, puffy with desire, flushed with her arousal. He lost his shyness and gripped her hips roughly, thrusting his cock inside of her.

He was larger than Edward, wider somehow, and he stretched her pussy walls in a delightful way that made her feel wanton and crazy. She bucked back against his thrusts, arching her back and meeting his hips with her own. She braced herself against the handrail and Simon plowed into her, moaning, all pretenses lost. Edward was jacking off furiously now, the wet sound of his hand moving over his cock was overshadowed only by Kathleen's small sounds of building pleasure. She watched Edward's hand as if it were her own hand, and moved her own to flick at her clitoris, rubbing it between her thumb and forefinger as Simon continued to push deeper inside her burning cunt.

Edward was the first to cum. He groaned for Kathleen to kneel at his feet. She sensed the urgency in his voice and she and Simon lowered their bodies to the ground. He had to pull out for a fraction of a second as Edward poured his hot seed over Kathleen's plump breasts. "Oh god," she moaned and rubbed the semen into her skin, its heat pulling her desire to higher level. She moved to her back, thrusting her bare pussy at Simon, who knelt between her knees, still erect and needy. Edward slid to the floor, content to watch the ending unfold.

Simon entered her a second time, pumping his hard cock in and out as she writhed and moaned, bucking her hips, almost scaring Simon with her intensity. His cock jumped suddenly inside her and she pressed her heels into his ass, the sharp pain sending him over the edge as he filled her hot pussy. He slowed and pulled out of her still desirous cunt and she muttered, "Fucking men..." Both men started to dress, but Kathleen still captivated as she refused to be denied pleasure. Her pussy was still wet, still shining, still swollen and red and needy, craving the cock or the clever tongue. She lay on the elevator floor, her dark hair a halo around her, and fucked herself. 

Her knees came tightly together and her hand was clasped tightly between her wet thighs, her eyes closed to the men's transfixed gaze.  Her hips started to move against her hand, building her desire back up. Her fingers stroked her inner pussy walls, slippery and delicious; her thumb moved wetly over her clitoris. She knew Edward was hard again, but she didn't care. She spread her legs wide, rubbing her whole hand over herself, squeezing her clit between her fingers. She pinched her nipple with her other hand, but than moved it down, fucking herself greedily with two hands. She moaned. She knew Simon was also hard again. She heard two zippers unzipping in unison and she smiled languidly. She contemplated bringing herself to orgasm, forgetting the men, but changed her mind when she saw their cocks brandished in front of her like offerings.

She took Simon in her mouth and Edward on her knees and rode them both until she came and came over and over, throbbing perfect around the two dicks as they both released for a second time their load into her. As she basked in the afterglow, she wondered vaguely when they were going to fix the elevator...

The doors opened and Edward gave her a confused look. Kathleen was a bit breathless in her work suit, her desk items in a box in her arms. She had been daydreaming again, part of what got her fired in the first place. "Well, Kathleen, good luck in the future." He winked and left. Simon echoed Edward's sentiments and got off at the next stop. 

As Kathleen headed back to her car, she wondered vaguely if she'd ever be able to keep a job.