 "Let's go up to the room," my wife of three days whispered in my ear. I smiled the smile of a truly happy man and began to rise off of my barstool. 

I had met Beth about a year before at a business conference and we had not gone a day without seeing each other or being together. She was not gorgeous, but she exuded sexuality: 5' 8", 110 lbs, 34B, with long flowing red hair. She also had a very healthy sexual appetite, which did wonders for my self-esteem. There was nothing she would not do. We slept together on our third date, and it was two days before we got out of bed. 

I am still amazed that she has chosen me to be her partner. I am nothing special, often times I feel as if I am second fiddle to her lead. My name is Dennis, and I am 6 feet, 190lbs, auburn hair, goatee, reasonably fit, but not a catch by any means. We just clicked, both emotionally and physically. 

Each day I awoke, I was always amazed to see her there beside me in bed and I treated her accordingly. 

We had gotten married three days earlier in a small private ceremony, and as both of us were in our 30s and previously married, we did not make a big deal out of it. The big deal was the honeymoon. We had both saved for six months and had accrued enough time off to get to spend three weeks together away. 

This first week we were in Hawaii, then we were off to Alaska and finally to Tibet. Three places, both of us had always wanted to go, but had never been. The first two nights we had been in Hawaii, we had hardly left the hotel room, ordering room service and generally having a great time. 

On the second day, we had started talking about our sexual fantasies and I was ecstatic that we had similar tastes. I knew she was bi, but had not realized that she wanted to share experiences with me. She wanted to be in a threesome with both a guy and a woman. I told her about my experiences in the past and how wonderful they were. We agreed to go slow, but even the talking had excited us to no end. We fell asleep in each other's arms around dawn and slept the day away. 

When we awoke, we ordered room service and decided that we should get out of the room that day. Beth wanted to go check out the club downstairs in the resort, so we got dressed and left. Beth was wearing a dark green dress that came to her knees and accentuated her green eyes and red hair perfectly. With simple sandals and with nothing on underneath, she looked spectacular. She had a natural rhythm to her walk and in that dress I almost grabbed her and drug her back into the suite. 

She just smiled and kissed me and said you can take it off later. God, I love this woman. 

We had a pleasant night, drinking and chatting and dancing. A couple of times I thought she flashed people on purpose but when I called her on it, she just played coy and smiled at me. 

Finally we had had enough of the outside world and she whispered in my ear. "Let's go up to the room." I was more than ready and got up to pay the tab, when the bartender, a very attractive brunette, leaned over and whispered to me, "Don't worry about it, your wife has paid me enough already." I looked at Beth and she just had this devilish smile on her face. She gave the bartender a wink and we went towards the elevators. 

We were arm in arm, kissing like the newlyweds we were when the doors finally opened. There were three people already on it; an older gentlemen in a business suit, a young woman, girl really, maybe 19 or so, and a woman our age dressed very elegantly. They did not seem to be together in anyway. Little did I know our fantasies were about to come true. 

As the elevator, began to move up towards our floor, I was against the sidewall and Beth snuggled into my arms facing me and away from the others. She began to kiss me voraciously and then to my surprise, whispered to me "grab my ass, give them a little show." I responded immediately, pulling her tight against me and kissing her deeply. Our tongues twirled around and I felt my cock begin to rise. Beth did to and ground her hips into me. I was cupping her ass cheeks, squeezing them and pulling her closer. I took a peek and the guy was smiling, trying not to look, the 19 year old couldn't take her gaze off my hands on Beth's ass and the elegant woman had suddenly found the emergency instructions very interesting.

We were both getting worked up and I knew this little experience would lead to amazing sex later so I raised Beth's dress a little. Now the man was staring blatantly and the girl was beginning to pant a little, the woman was still acting uninterested but I could see her nipples beginning to poke thru her silk blouse. 

With a crash and a bang, the elevator came to shuddering stop. All of us gasped and looked around desperately. Nobody did anything for about a minute, when finally the elegant woman, let out a sigh, and said, "Oh shit." She picked up the emergency phone and told the person on the other end that we were stuck and what would they do to help us. Her face grew pale and she said, "How long? You have got be kidding me?" She hung the phone up in disgust and said it would be at least two hours before the repairmen could get there to fix it. 

Damn it, I thought, I was really looking forward to getting back to the hotel room and fucking Beth hard telling her about these peoples reactions to our little show. I started to turn to her and say sorry, when I noticed she had that same devilish grin on her face she had given the bartender downstairs. Intrigued, and excited, I settled into wait. I sank down to the floor, and the others followed my lead. Beth sat between my legs with her legs together and on the floor. The girl was right across from us and the man and woman were on each side of her. All of them had their backs to the wall with their legs sticking straight out. 

Beth made the introductions, the man was Gary, the girl was Tammy and the lady was Grace. Gary looked to be about in his late 40s, slightly graying hair, a little taller than me, and a bigger build than I. Tammy, well she was gorgeous, short brunette hair, bigger tits than Beth, probably a 36C or so, wearing a t-shirt and cotton running shorts. Grace had obviously dyed blond hair, a narrow waist with broad hips. Her tits seemed to be the biggest of the three.

The sexual energy in the air from our little soft porn show was still pretty strong but fading, when suddenly Tammy asked if we were on our honeymoon, and Grace rolled her eyes and said, "Can't you tell." Then Tammy said the sentence that really broke the ice, "Well I have never been with anyone, so I had to ask to make sure." 

With that one sentence, the entire atmosphere changed, everyone was looking at Tammy incredulously, when Gary said, "You have to be joking, as attractive as you are, you have never been with anyone at all? Not even kissing?" Tammy blushed three shades of crimson and said that here parents were really strict and the boys back home were scared of her father who was the local sheriff. That was why she had moved away to go to college, to get some life experience. She was staying here at the hotel until she could find a place to stay. 

Then Grace piped in, laying her hand on Tammy's thigh, she said, "Do not worry, as cute as you are you will have the boys banging down your door." 

Beth chipped in, "That's not all they will try to bang." 

"I hope not!" was Tammy's reply. Everybody laughed pretty hard. 

We all settled back and laughed, getting comfortable with each other. Gary took off his jacket and I could see the three women checking out his physique, he obviously worked out. Grace shrugged her shoulders and "what the hell," took her shoes off and slipped her panty hose off, "God I hate those things." Grace was coming out of her shell.

After about ten minutes of casual conversation, Tammy blurted out, "So what is it like?" All of us instantly knew what she was talking about. There was a moment of silence and when no one said, a word finally Beth said, "Well, it can be a lot different things to a lot of different people." 

"You got that right, Honey," said Grace. 

At this we all laughed, except Tammy, who said that she did not understand. Grace said that eventually she would understand. And Tammy looked her deep in the eyes and said "No, tell me now, please." 

Grace seemed startled, you could tell she not used to talking about sex, let alone with complete strangers, then to my surprise, she said OK. "I am 34," she said, "I have been with about 10 men. Never married. Only one, even close to satisfied me, and he was an asshole in all other aspects of his life. Most of the men I have been with only are looking for their own satisfaction, not caring about mine. Sometimes, I think I will just stick to masturbation, at least then I will know everyone involved will be happy." There was stunned silence, as everyone looked at Grace. I think she realized what she had said and started to blush and defiantly said, "Well, it is true." She looked at Beth for assurance. 

Beth leaned forward and hugged Grace, "I am so sorry that has been your experience, I have had several good lovers but none of them have been as good as Dennis. You will find one someday I promise." Now I was the one that was blushing, and everybody's eyes were on me. Beth laughed and turned around to kiss me, when all of a sudden there were three intakes of breath in the elevator. We paused and looked at them wondering what was going on, when Beth realized her skirt had ridden up and they could she was not wearing any panties. She was on her knees bent over kissing me, and they could all see right up her dress. 

I figured she would pull it down and apologize, instead she pulled her dress higher, exposing her self completely and wiggled her ass at them making eye contact with each person. "Well, now you have seen me," she grinned, "what do you think?" All of their eyes were riveted on Beth's pussy, and Gary broke the spell, and said. "It is spectacular." 

"Thank you," said Beth. 

Tammy then broke the ice again, and looked at Beth and said. "You shave down there."

Beth just laughed and said, "Not all the way, just the parts you can see."

She then turned around and sat in my lap and to everyone's surprise, pulled her dress up so they could see the front, she only has a little "v" at the top of her pussy and it is very sexy and very red. All there were staring at her so I reached around her and pulled legs wider to give them a better view and Beth just settled back into my arms. 

Gary obviously had an erection and both of the women's nipples were growing hard. Then, Tammy turned to Grace and asked here if she shaved too. Without missing a beat, Grace said "Yes, but she shaved all the way, because she dyed her hair, and did not want anyone to know that her hair was a different color."

Tammy then asked, "Can I see?" 

There was a moment of silence, as Grace looked from person to person, then stood up, slipped her hands under her skirt and tugged her panties off. They were very sexy, a purple thong. She began to raise her skirt, almost mumbling to herself, "I cannot believe I am doing this." She stopped just before all was exposed and looked at everyone, "I will, but I want to see everyone else as well." Slowly everyone's head nodded. 

We all were wondering how far this would go, accept maybe Tammy, who was just wide eyed. Grace raised her skirt even farther and slowly her shaved Venus mound came into view. It was obvious she was aroused. Her lips were swollen and glistening with excitement. I looked at Beth and her eyes were a little glazed as she stared hungrily at Graces pussy. I looked at Tom and he was also staring and his pants were tenting, it looked like he might be huge. When I looked at Tammy I got the biggest shock, she was going back and forth from Beth to Grace, comparing, obviously aroused, as her nipples were standing out in her T-shirt, they were like pencil erasers. 

Grace started to lower her skirt, when Beth said, "Please don't." Grace started and seemed to realize for the first time how hungrily Beth had been checking her out, and she suddenly smiled and said OK. She unzipped the side and stepped out of it. She then sat down, but against the sidewall, with her legs spread wide, so we could all continue to see. Then she said, "OK, who is next." 

We all looked at Tammy and she was blushing. "Um, I do not know if I can do this." Grace started to object, but Beth broke in and said that's "OK, take your time, Dennis will be next." I was a little shocked, but also very erect, so I went along, thinking Beth knew what she was doing. She turned to me and said "Stand up honey, let me help you." I did as I was told and she ran her hands along my crotch gently squeezing me. Then she began to unzip my slacks and tug my pants down. Tammy's hand was at her mouth and she was staring with an intensity I had not seen in years. I glanced at Grace and she made eye contact with me and smiled encouragingly, her hands her on her inner thighs and she saw where I was looking and spread herself a little wider. 

By now, Beth had her fingers around the elastic waistband of my underwear and slowly slipped them down. My cock flopped out and stood straight out. I am not big, only about 7 1/2 and kind of thin, but it seemed to hold everyone's attention. Beth grinned, and looked at the other people in the room, and smiled, "This is not the only reason I married this man, but it is a big reason. His cock makes me feel like I have never felt before." She grabbed my cock and tugged me down into a sitting position. 

Tom then stood up, and said that he would go next. He slowly pulled down his pants and his underwear at the same time. Grace and Beth gasped. I was right. He was huge, at least nine inches and very thick. "Oh my god," sighed Grace. "Thank you," Tom said. Tammy was just looking from one person's crotch to the next, obviously shocked and obviously aroused. 

Beth gently asked her if she had ever seen a cock before, and she replied only in movies and magazines.

Then she stood up and hooked her hands in her shorts, paused, and gaining courage, pulled her shorts and panties down in one quick motion and went to sit down quickly. Bet caught her hand and gently said you "You are gorgeous, let us all get a good look at you." She blushed and slowly turned around and gave us all a very good look. She was the center of attention. And she was stunning, so young and ripe, and sexy. And a full bush, she had obviously never even trimmed. All of us were just devouring her with our eyes and she began to blush and thank us profusely. Beth stood up to give her a big hug and tell her how proud of her she was, when Grace said, "No fair." We all looked at her quizzically, and she pointed at Beth's crotch, which was now covered as her dress had slipped down. Without missing a beat she reached down and tugged her dress completely off. It was her turn to be the center of attention. 

Almost in a daze Tammy took her top off. Her breasts were bigger than Beth's and her nipple were huge. One by one the rest of us stripped completely. Grace's tits were the biggest, and outside of her bra they sagged a little, but they were still spectacular. 

We all stood there very aroused and a little embarrassed what was going to happen next, when Beth asked Tammy gently, "Would you like to touch Dennis' cock?" Tammy was just staring at it and slowly nodded her head. Beth took her hand and placed it my cock. She just rested it there and did not do anything. Beth then wrapped her hand around Tammy's and slowly began to stroke my cock with Tammy's hand inside of hers. She then let go and Tammy was doing it by herself. 

Beth got around behind Tammy and grabbed her other hand and put that on my cock as well, then laid her hands on Tammy's shoulders and gently rubbed. I leaned back against the wall, and gasped out loud. Tammy stopped and looked up at my eyes, and Beth said, "Your doing well. That means he likes it."

"Yessss," was about the most intelligent thing I could summon.

Beth leaned in against Tammy mashing her tits against her back, and began to put pressure on Tammy's shoulders, forcing her to her knees. Tammy only resisted a little. She was now at eye level with my cock and it was only about two inches from her face. 

"Kiss it," Beth whispered. 

"I, uh, I can't," Tammy stammered. 

"Here, I'll show you," Grace said to my surprise. "If it is OK with you, Beth?" She asked. Beth just nodded. 

Grace then got on her knees and put her hands on my cock as well, I was in heaven. Without saying a word, she licked the head and my cock jumped. She looked at Tammy who did the same. As my cock jumped she got a big smile on her face. They took turns going back and forth getting a little more aggressive with each passing moment. 

Beth stepped back from Tammy and turned to Gary, smiling she got on her knees and began to give her best blowjob she could. I could tell because she was really going at it. Sucking him as far into her mouth as she could, licking and nibbling his shaft. Always pumping him with her hand. 

I was getting close and Grace could tell, just before I came, she pulled her mouth of my cock, and told Tammy he is almost ready you finish him off. "But I want to see him cum," Tammy said. "If am doing that I won't be able to see it." 

Grace looked at me and said to let Tammy know when I am about to come. I readily agreed. "Suck him all the way into your mouth and treat it like a lollipop, just as he gets ready to cum take him out of your mouth and keep stroking him then you will see it do it. OK?" Tammy just nodded. She looked over at the way Beth was going to town on Gary and started mimicking her. This might have been her first time but this girl had gotten good in a hurry. As I began to thrust into her face she sucked me harder and harder, finally I could not take it any longer, "I am going to cum," I almost yelled. Tammy quickly pulled it out of her mouth and looked right at it and stroked to my finish. I started cumming and it was a big one. The first gush hit her right in her face covering her cheek and nose, she instinctively aimed it away and my second load hit Grace on her left breast. Now confused, Tammy moved it away form Grace and I finished cumming all over Tammy's breasts. 

I sank to the floor spent by one of the best blowjobs I had ever felt. 

Gary suddenly panted, "Me too." Beth just sucked as much of his cock in her mouth as she could and using one hand jerked him furiously while the other hand grabbed his ass and pulled him tight against her. With both hands he grabbed her head and tried to ram his cock the rest of the way down her throat. I could see her swallowing, but some began to run out her lips and down her chin. 

Tammy's eyes were huge as she watched. She was absently using her finger to clean the cum off her face and licking her fingers. She had a glazed look on her. I knew right then, that we could do anything, anything at all to her, and she would agree. I looked over at Grace and she realized it to. I said, "Stop, let us do that." 

We laid her down on the floor of the elevator with Grace on one side and I on the other. We began licking my cum off her tits and she began to moan as we made contact with her nipples. When my mouth was full, I leaned over her and kissed her. I pushed my cum coated tongue into her mouth and then transferred all the cum from my mouth to hers. She eagerly kissed me running her hands thru my hair. As I went for a refill, Grace began to kiss her, Tammy's eyes opened wide when she realized it was Grace, but then kissed her back even more vigorously than me. 

I returned to licking her breast and nibbling her nipples. By this time Tammy was arching her back trying to get more of her breast into my mouth. Grace had not stopped kissing her even though I knew she did not have that much cum in her mouth. I looked over at Beth and she was staring hungrily at what we were doing over the back of Gary's head as he devoured her nipples. Beth loves to have her nipples played with and I knew she was in heaven. I began to run my hand down Tammy's stomach and she put her hand on mine encouraging me to go farther. I looked up and was surprised, Grace had replaced her mouth with one of her large tits, and Tammy was sucking on it like there was no tomorrow. Grace whispered, "Use you teeth on my nipple, yes that's it, harder, hmmmm. Yesssssssss."
