 I woke up horny today. I was going to relieve myself by massaging my pussy which at this time of day is usually hot and dripping. I have visions of you lying beside me, your morning erection pushing against the sheets begging for some attention, but you had to go to work early today. Nuts!

Life is somewhat a mystery to me. I have years of my life that seem to have been lived in complete blackouts. I guess that’s what the everyday mundane things in life do to you. I was, however, feeling a little risqué and decided to try to do something out of the ordinary. You need to do that every now and then.

The train ride is usually uneventful, consisting of staring out the window at the trash alongside the tracks slowly building and starting to look like small landfills, but considering the fact that I was riddled with thoughts of hot steamy sex my mind tended to wander elsewhere. I looked around the train. There weren’t many people on this one. The usual crowd I see everyday. I was bored until the next stop. In walked a man I had never seen on the train before. He looked to be in his mid 30’s and his short jet, black hair was spiked and neatly trimmed around his ears. He must’ve been about 6’ tall and very well cut, not too muscular, just the way I like them. He was dressed in a navy blue suit, my favorite color on a guy by the way, very edible.

A series of thoughts went through my mind as he parked that perfect, round and firm yet squeezable bottom on the seat directly in front of me, the thought of me on my knees between his legs, running my tongue up and down the hard shaft with little droplets of my saliva making spots on his trousers, and last but not least the thought of him licking my quivering pussy and then bending me over the seat and cramming that muscle deep into the very center of me while everyone is watching!

Okay, back to reality. My stop and it’s time for me to get off. I thought about approaching him and maybe giving him one of my business cards but I was already late for work and I didn’t want to give my boss a chance to rim me out. 

The work day was slow as usual and as usual my mind was wandering off to those sinful places in the deep recesses of my brain and to top it all off the throbbing in my clit had not dissipated at all. I was sure that there would be a big, wet spot on the crotch of my nylons when I went to the bathroom. I guess I should’ve worn the crotchless ones today, as I was about to find out they would’ve come in very handy.

I decided to get some fresh air, cool myself off in the soft autumn breeze. I got on the elevator and there were two young lawyers, dressed in suits naturally, aside from police, firemen and military uniforms suits have to be my next biggest turn on. These guys were young, mid 20’s. I had about 5 years on them, not that people would consider that a big difference. They were good-looking, both were clean cut, one with brown hair the other a dirty blonde. I figured they’d be good for a long hard fuck and I always wanted to try my “hands” at a MMF threesome.

I decided this was my opportunity and I took it. I was very, very horny and I needed to be fucked very long and hard.

I secretly pushed the stop button and the elevator came to an immediate halt. We stood in silence for about a minute or two before I realized these guys weren’t going to say anything. So, I decided to break the ice.

“I’ve had this fantasy for the longest time.” I said walking over to the brunette and running my hands over his chest. I licked his ear and whispered loud enough for the both of them to hear. “I need a good fucking. Can you guys help me out with that?”


They were absolutely floored. Trust me, you would’ve been inclined to pay money just to see the looks on their faces. I dropped to my knees and turned to the brunette. I undid his belt, buttons and zipper to reach in and pull out that beautiful cock. It was about 6 inches and still growing, but that wasn’t the thing that caught my eye. This guy had a massive set of hanging balls. I weighed them in one of my hands…mmm…there’s a nice, big creamy load in there. I can just feel it. I used my other hand to grab the shaft of his cock. It was now at its full length of 8 inches, very impressive. The opening at the tip was gleaming with the pre cum which was starting to drip from the head. I admiringly reached out with my tongue, flattened it out and ran it across the tip, tasty too. After stroking the shaft and licking I wrapped my lips around that purple head and sunk down on his shaft as I let my eyes wander to the other guy who already had his cock out, jerking it off. It wasn’t as long as his friends but God! Was it thick! 

He didn’t waste a lot of time and went straight to his knees to start rubbing my ass. I reached out with my hand for his cock and he obligingly guided it to his stiff member. He lifted up the back of my skirt and started to pull down my nylons. I wasn’t wearing any panties as usual so he didn’t have any problems getting to that honey pot. I know as soon as he started licking he got a tongue full of the juices that have been building up in my pussy since this morning. 

“Ahhh…that feels sooo good.” I said with relief. I was so turned on that the feel of his wet tongue and hot mouth licking and sucking on my clit built the pressure up so quickly that I lost complete control.

The other guys cock slipped out of my mouth as I screamed out in one of the most intense orgasms I’ve ever had. I felt like I was having a grand mal seizure my body was jerking and spasming so hard.  My clit was a little sensitive and I would giggle from the tickling sensation that his tongue created when he flicked it across my clit in the wake of one of many orgasms I would encounter that afternoon.

I turned around on my hands and knees to give the guy I’d been sucking perfect access to my pussy as I took his friends cock in my mouth. It stretched my mouth and my hand barely fit around the shaft it was so thick. I couldn’t wait to take this thing for a test drive. I could feel the guy behind me rub the tip up and down my juicy slit. It was so soft yet so hard at the same time. He slipped it in slowly and I was ready. Instead of waiting for him to slide it in I pushed my ass against him and his cock went all the way inside until his balls were smacking against my clit, in and out, fast and hard. He knew what I wanted and he gave it to me. I could feel every vein and the walls of my pussy stretched wide to accommodate him. 

The guy in my mouth started pumping in and out. A couple of times he nearly shoved it down my throat. I didn’t care. I was gagging with pleasure. Their grunts and heavy breathing turned me on even more and I couldn’t stand it. I racked up another orgasm this one just seemed to continue into a series of short spasms as the guy continued to ram his rod in my quivering hole.

The guy in my mouth started to groan louder and his thrusts became more urgent. I felt the first surge of his cum squirt straight down my throat. He came so much I had to release him from my mouth and the rest of it sprayed in my face coating my lips, cheeks and forehead. He rested by the side continuing to stroke his cock which had not lost its hardness. God! Now that is what I love about young men.

The guy behind me slipped out and laid down on the floor.

“Come here and ride my cock.” He said, his voice strained from the fucking.

I didn’t hesitate. I straddled his hips, held his cock in my hands and slid down on that hardness that filled me up so completely. It didn’t take long for me to start bouncing up and down on that cock; my 36cs were bouncing up and down until he took them in his grasp and squeezed them. I love the feel of my breasts being kneaded and squeezed. The other guy leaned over me, grabbed me by the hair and shoved his tongue down my throat and it turned me on even more knowing he did it with his cum on my face. I was grunting with animal lust in his mouth as I felt another orgasm wash over me. I rode this guy like a prize stallion. 

The other guy came up behind me and pushed gently on my back. He started to run his tongue around my ass. I knew what he wanted to do. I’ve never had one guy in my pussy while another was in my ass but I figured what the hell. I’d done just about everything else today real and imagined. He rested the head of his cock against my tight asshole. The guy I was riding stopped his thrusting to make it easier for his friend to enter me.

He pushed just the head in at first and man! Did it hurt like hell. He started to slowly slide more of it inside me and I felt like he was going to split me in two his cock was so thick. Finally it was all the way in and it was painful. They started sawing back and forth inside me. I thought I was going to die but the pain was making way for a pleasure I never could’ve imagined. Their thrusts became urgent and I was screaming out in a tremendous orgasm. I felt like my flood gates opened and all my juices spilled out on this guys cock. This put him over the edge and his pumps slowed as I could feel that warm nectar fill my insides. My walls squeezed his cock dry and my asshole clenched. I heard the guy behind me grunt as his cock released another load but this one filled up my ass. You could hear the squishing echoing through the elevator as they continued to pump until their cocks were drained.

I kept on stroking and they kept on kissing and licking. They used my body every which way for the next 2 hours in that elevator. When we finally exhausted ourselves we put our clothes back on and I started the elevator once more. 

We got off on the lobby floor. When the doors opened, the guys thanked me and we went our separate ways. My hair was wild and untamed and my face was flushed but I had the biggest smile on my face and a satiated look in my eyes.

“It’s not going to be such a bad day after all.”