 I want to share with you an experience I had about 10 years ago, when I was in my early 30s.

I was waiting for the elevator in my building to go downstairs and get the mail. When the door slid opened there were 4 boys inside (I say boys, but they were 18 & 19 years old) to me they were boys.

They looked up surprised by the elevator door opening and tried to hide something which I saw was a sex magazine. They had obviously been looking at it and were caught off guard when the door opened at the 22nd floor.

They laughed nervously and elbowed each other as I got in the elevator with the 4 of them.

I was horny, and these were 4 nice looking boys, probably just out of high school, they were all well built, 2 were nicely dressed and pretty hot in my honest opinion. Two had on baseball shirts and jeans and were carrying their bat, catchers mitt.. etc.. It turned me on that they had been looking at porn magazine, one still held it rolled up under his arm. Good ol' American boys, I thought. Fucking hot ones too.

It had been a while since I had given multiple blow jobs and I had a feeling they might go for it. Out of the blue I asked aloud..

"are any of you boys interested in being sucked off?"

::: silence::::

They looked at me like I was crazy and shifted around nervously, 

I continued

'really, I mean it, if you are interested, bring your magazine up to my apartment with me and we'll have a look through and see what happens. I'd love to blow you... all of you"

Again, nervous laughter but definite interest.

"This is a once in a lifetime opportunity, boys" I said. We are almost at the lobby.

So one boy suddenly said 'okay, and you'll do us all?' and another one nodded in agreement, but 2 of them were shaking their heads no, one said 'no man, this is too fucking weird' 

I told the 2 reluctant ones that they could just watch... but what would be the harm in coming up for a visit and to have a drink?

We were at lobby and the door slid open. 

'I'm only going to ask one more time, do you want to come up to my apartment with me?"

They nodded yes and we let the door close again, pressing 22 we started our journey up.

'You're pretty fucking hot' one of the boys said to me. He had been checking me out, I was wearing what I wore to work that day, skirt, blouse, heels, my hair was shoulder length brown, I had nice tits, I had never had any complaints before about how I looked.

You're hot too' I replied, smiling at him. "I'd really like to blow you on my knees'

The boy swallowed hard and the others were shifting around and one of them muttered under his breath 'Fuck, this is crazy'

:::Ding:::

We arrived on 22 and the doors slid open, I led the boys down the hall, them walking behind me, watching my ass as I went.

They came into my apartment and I told them to just throw their jackets over the table and I'd get some drinks. I actually didn't have too much, some wine which had been in the cupboard forever but I did have a bottle of rum and canned coke & ice. They all agreed that rum coke was a good choice and I poured each of them a generous glassful.

I asked them their names & ages, we chatted a bit about work, about school. Turns out 2 of them recognized me, one had delivered pizza to me before and the other a few years earlier had been my paper boy.

I invited them to sit down, 2 boys took their place on the couch, 1 in my armchair and the other one, well, he still looked like he was going to jump out of his skin - he stayed near the door, holding his drink, sipping nervously. He actually looked like he expected to have to make an escape at any moment. I wished he would relax a bit.

So, I asked them to show me their magazine and I stood in front of them and flipped through it. Lots of busty models, cocks in their asses, I found a large close up photo of a cock in a woman's mouth with semen running down her cheek. I held it up and asked the boys if they liked that particular pic, receiving nervous glances, and nods in return.

I went over to one of the boys (Todd) who was sitting on the couch (he was the one who had told me I was hot, in the elevator) and I kneeled down in front of him. I rested my forearms on his thighs and undid the button of his jeans. 

I looked up at his handsome young face asked him if he had a hard-on and he stammered out 'yeah' 

Show me? 

He didn't move, so I helped myself and he didn't stop me. I unzipped his fly and could see the bulge in his underwear, he was wearing y-fronts and they were starting to split open with his cock hardening. 

I slid my hand inside, he let out a nervous sigh, his cock was so hot to the touch, I gently pulled it through his underwear, he was semi hard, getting harder, pink, not too big but a nice cock just the same.

I turned to look at the other boys and ask them if they had a good view and the three of them nodded yes - wide eyed.

I started going down on Todd's stiffening cock. He moaned from between clenched teeth, I don't think he had been sucked before.

The boy who was in my armchair stood up, his name was Tony, and he came over beside us to watch me suck his friend's dick.. 

The nervous boy by the door (Deepak) edged a little closer but kept his distance.

The last boy on the couch beside Todd, well he said his name was Jay and he was watching intently as I slid up and down on Todd's shaft. He had the best view.

I continued to suck Todd, sometimes taking him deep, other times concentrating on giving head. I lifted my lips off him for a moment, and noticed he was breathing hard and I could taste his precum on my tongue & lips, he was nice and hard now.

'Holy fuck', Jay said, keep going, suck him off, do it!, don't stop now!'

I instructed Jay to open his pants too...I mean why not? he was right there beside us on the couch, I could do two cocks at the same time, no problem.

We all watched as Jay fumbled with his button & fly, he couldn't seem to do it while sitting down so I suggested he stand up. While he was undressing I kept stroking Todd's cock lightly with my hand, he was super hard now and shiny precum was oozing out of the head.

Jay had taken his shoes and pants off now and was standing there in his boxer shorts. With my left hand still stroking Todd, I reached out with my right and began rubbing Jay's cock through his silky boxers. 

Jay's cock felt huge to me under my hand, much larger than Todd, this was going to be good, I thought.

Still touching Todd, I pulled Jay's boxers down to his thighs. Wow, his cock was gorgeous, thick and it sprang forward, very impressive, veins running all over it, I swear I could see them pulsing. I put my fingers around his shaft gently and guided him to my mouth. Jay gasped quietly as I took his head in and began to suck.

The other boys were still watching us, Todd's cock in my hand, Jay's cock in my mouth.

Tony started opening his pants, well I assumed that was what was going on. I heard some rustling rustling behind me and a shoe flung across the carpet to the left of me. I was too busy blowing Jay to turn and look, but a moment later his stiff cock was brushing against my cheek and my lips as I sucked Jay, Tony was not shy at all - I suspected he was experienced.

I pulled my head back and Jay slipped out of my mouth, bobbing up and down in front of me, he looked even larger now, one of the biggest, thickest cocks I'd seen I could hardly get my mouth open enough to take him all in.

I turned towards Tony's waiting cock which was rubbing my earlobe and hairline gently. I opened my mouth to accept him, his penis was medium sized, very hard and uncut.. I love uncut cocks. 

Unfortunately, Tony was already near climax at this point, in fact I barely got him fully in my mouth before he started spurting his cum. A bit of a disappointment for me because I like them to last, while I enjoy the sucking and deep throating.

I wasn't prepared for Tony to climax so quickly and choked a bit as I took his load at the back of my throat. After about 20 seconds his spasms stopped and I felt his final squirts.

'Swallow it' Tony said, 

yeah' said Jay, 

'swallow that sweet cum.'

Tony's cock was softening now and I let it slip from my mouth, looking up at the boys I swallowed every drop and licked my lips, they knew I was ready for more.

'You are so fucking hot', Jay said

Todd, who I was still stroking lightly with my left hand stammered out that he was going to cum soon, he couldn't wait any longer - I guess seeing Tony blow his wad in my mouth had been a little too much for Todd to handle.

I quickly went down on him, my head in his lap, Tony and Jay were encouraging me. 'suck it dry' 'go, go, go', 'harder', 'suck it harder'. Todd was groaning and thrashing his head from side to side. His hands gripped my head and he pushed up into my mouth.


'I want to see the cum' Jay said, 

'see you take it in the mouth'

I finally felt Todd squirting his first drops and I lifted my mouth off him but kept it wide open.

I positioned my wide open mouth at the tip of his cock and started pumping it with my hand, , sticky gobs of cum started spraying all over my tongue, mouth, face and in my hair.. I had to close my eyes not to take any there (because that stings!) he shot quite a bit, I was impressed. 

'Nice one Todd' said Tony, 

'you covered her in it' 

Todd was breathing hard and smiling, I really think that had been his first time getting a blow job.

'Eat his cum' said Jay

I felt in on my cheeks so I scraped as much as I could onto my fingers and licked them one by one. It's in your hair' Jay pointed out.. I felt some wet globs caught in my hair and was able to suck it off the strands with my mouth.

Jay had been pretty patient up to now, he had enjoyed watching me do Todd and Tony's cocks and giving some instruction, but now he announced that it was his turn. 

Wait, what about Deepak?, I asked, indicating the last boy, who was still edging away from the action, he was obviously uncomfortable.

'Deepak's gay' Tony said abruptly 

'Huh?' said Todd from the couch, surprised.

Deepak exploded, 'So what?, 'shut the fuck up', 'so are you, Tony, you're gay too., fuckwad. He was pissed off.

'Wait a minute', I said 

'You're gay, Tony'? 

I was surprised considering he had just blown his load in my mouth moments before.

Tony shrugged - 'yeah, I'm gay but I'm not going to pass up a blow job, and I like girls too, I've fucked girls, I've sucked dicks, I don't care as long as I get off'

Interesting, I thought to myself. 

'Are you gay too? I asked Jay, 

He was still standing over where I was kneeling, stroking his erect cock. 'no', he replied softly, 'not me, I'm not gay' but I have nothing against gay guys, whatever turns their crank' 

:::::::I had an idea::::::::

'Would you let a guy suck your cock? I asked him 

He thought about it and sort of shrugged and then said ' I dunno' I'm not gay' 

::::: well he didn't say no now did he?::::::

I decided that it would be a huge turn for me to see Deepak, the poor stressed boy, settle down and relax and suck a nice cock, like Jay's. 

I wanted Deepak to join the party.

'Deepak', I said

'why don't you come over here and help me with Jay's cock?

It was a gentle invitation.

Deepak, I could see, had a spark of interest in his eyes, he had stopped shifting about from foot to foot, and was just standing there looking at us. His eyes went from me to Jay's cock, in hand. I could now also see now that he had bulge in his pants.

Fuck off' Jay interrupted, 

'I don't want him sucking my cock, you do it, like you said you would. It's my turn. Suck me.' It's my turn now'

I looked up at Jay and spoke softly,

'listen to me, Jay.

'you haven't lived until you've had 2 mouths doing your cock at the same time' 

'Think about it.'

'Trust me, It will blow your mind' 

'So just tell Deepak that it's okay with you, and we'll see how it goes'

I looked to Deepak, his mouth was open a little, like he was breathing through his mouth. He looked less nervous and more horny now, I got the impression he really wanted to suck his friend's cock. He was hanging on my every word.

'Tell Deepak it's okay,' I repeated to Jay, 'and you'll get your cock sucked by both of us...' 

'say it Jay' I insisted, 'say it's okay'

Tony and Todd chimed in at this point saying 'do it, man' 'go on' 'holy fuck, do it' 'do it' They were urging Jay now, they were into it.

After a long pause and a visible shrinking of his dick in his hand, Jay finally said okay under his breath, but then added quickly that he was not sucking any dicks... and that he was not gay.

I told him not to worry about anything, we all knew he was not gay.

Todd and Tony both had hard-ons again and were stroking their cocks lightly.

I told Todd and Tony to keep touching themselves and enjoy the show, I added that they should tell me when they were close to cumming and that I'd try to take their loads in my mouth, if I could manage it.

They got really hot at that suggestion, one of them asked to see my tits, to this point I was fully dressed, black skirt, red blouse, black nylons, black heels. So I opened my blouse and pulled it off, I was wearing a black lace bra and Todd came over to touch me. He lifted my tits out of the cups of my bra an touched my nipples softly. 'Nice' he said.

Jay cleared his throat, he seemed stressed out now that his dick was totally soft. He wasn't having fun anymore.

I instructed Jay to sit on the couch, to relax, put his head back.

He leaned far back into the cushions and spread his legs wide at my urging. Jay's balls were large and hanging down resting on the sofa cushion. He was leaning so far back that his ass was tilted up a bit, I knew I would have easy access to his asshole if I wanted.

Come on Deepak, take off your pants, I suggested.

He unzipped his jeans and slid them down his legs, kicked off his shoes, kicked off his pants, he had on boxers and we could all see he had an erection.

Come kneel beside me, I told him. He came over to me and we both sat together, shoulder to shoulder between Jay's spread legs. 

Let me start, I said. Todd and Tony gathered close behind us to watch us.

Jay's dick was soft, he was leaning back, and appeared relaxed with his eyes closed, I think he was afraid to look at Deepak, afraid he'd bolt if he saw a guy doing him.

I leaned in and lifted Jays cock up with my hand and gave his balls a few long licks.

I lifted my head and said, 'come on Deepak, join me'

Deepak leaned in and took a few tentative licks, Jay's cock was starting to stiffen now and he let out a little groan, eyes still closed, head back, hands at his side.

My turn again, Deepak pulled back and I moved in for some more licking, I took one of Jay's balls in my mouth and sucked on it gently.. he was moaning softly, eyes closed.

I let his ball sack slide out of my mouth and asked Deepak if he thought he could squeeze in too so we could do Jay at the same time.

Without us asking, Jay spread his legs farther apart and leaned even farther back into the sofa, his ass lifted a little more, mmm we could smell him.

Deepak and I had now free access to Jay's balls and we each licked them greedily at same time. Like we were starving for his ball sack. It was like we were competing with each other, both our mouths and chins were wet with our saliva and occasionally our tongues would find each other, and touch, stroking one others tongue and Jay's balls at the same time. 

Todd and Tony were encouraging us, enjoying the view. 

' Lick his balls, keep licking' Tony said, 

'Lick his asshole' Todd suggested 'Rim him, shit get your tongue in there, this is so hot. I wanna see you do his asshole.''

Jay was breathing very hard now, his chest was moving up and down. Deepak and I continued licking his balls and the base of his now hard cock, we both lapped at his cock from opposite sides and took turns gently giving him head. 

I would let it slip out of my mouth and Deepak would be on him in a flash. He would release him and I would take his place, it was like a game for us. And Jay was loving it, his hands were clenching the sofa cushions.

Our tongues came together on Jay's swollen cock head licking him and each other. 

Remembering what Todd had suggested, I left Deepak sucking cock to move back lower to Jay's ass. I firmly and spread his ass cheeks apart with my hands and moved my mouth down to his hole. His balls were in the way so I had to move them to the side for access.

'Rim him' Todd urged, 'Fuck his ass'

My tongue was drawing circles around Jay's tight hole, I wanted to be gentle with him, slowly I started working at it, encouraging it to accept a little bit of my tongue at a time. 

Deepak moved down beside me again 'Let me' he said ' I want to lick him , let me'

I moved aside and watched Deepak with the very tippy tip of his tongue just barely flick at Jay's asshole. Jay's reaction was immediate, like electricity through his body he arched, his asshole started puckering and he made a loud gasping sound. 

Funny, he was so much more turned on by Deepak licking him, than me. 

I was a little put out and wanted another try.

'Let me show you how I rim', I told Deepak, and nudged him aside. My tongue circled and caressed Jay's now twitching asshole, my fingers held his ass cheeks further apart and I made my tongue ridged and went in deep. 

'ohhhh' Jay cried out softly, 'ohhh' fuck my ass, ohhh, yeah, fuck it'

Deepak slid out of his boxers and I turned to see his stiff cock, he was a black, his family was from the West Indies. His cock was skinny, but long, a perfect cock for fucking an ass. I was getting really horny now, shit, I could feel my ass twitching for some good anal, never mind Jay, I wanted it.

I went back to Jay's hole, my tongue worked it's way inside good, he was groaning and squirming, his hands moved to my hair and pushed my face further into his ass. He was *really* into it. My tongue was deep now, moving in and out of his hole, fucking him.

'I want to lick again Deepak said. 'Let me in.'

I was enjoying myself but backed off to let Deepak take over, it was such a turn on to watch boy on boy.

Todd said he needed to cum, said he was almost there, but he wanted his ass licked too. 

'God', Todd groaned, cock in hand, 'will you lick my ass?' he asked me. God, I need it licked, I'm aching after seeing you do Jay.

So I left Deepak rimming Jay and got up. I pulled out my ottoman for Todd. it was basically a big upholstered cushion on a hard base with casters. It was the perfect height for rimming someone, I'd used it before.

Todd took off his clothes and got down on his knees in front of the ottoman. He lay his chest across the cushion with his ass fully exposed. 

His cock was stiff against the side of the ottoman, pointing downwards towards the floor, rubbing against the fabric.

This was a hot view. Todd's hard cock, his balls hanging there, so fucking hot.

I wasted no time getting down on my hands and knees behind Todd and taking his ass with my tongue.

Todd was very relaxed, *extremely* relaxed and I had no trouble at all plunging in deep right away, there was hardly any resistance, he was so open for me.

I easily wriggled in farther and farther. He had a great ass for tongue fucking, and he really wanted it. 

Todd was moaning and his cock was oozing precum down the cushion of the ottoman, he was pressing his asshole back against my mouth straining for more penetration. My tongue really wasn't satisfying him enough.

Tony was there behind us, watching me rim Todd, as you know already, Tony admitted earlier that he was gay... I guess he was having trouble resisting the sight of a puckering, open asshole that was taking my tongue so readily. 
