 It was late one Saturday evening and I was home alone, something I seemed to be doing a great deal of recently. I was experiencing a large amount of blood pumping hunger. In other words, I was in the throes of the hormone monster and thinking about doing the single girl two step -- masturbation. I could feel my nipples throb and my neither regions ache with need. I craved release -- just the idea of pleasuring my own pussy had me wet with anticipation.

I stood at my bedroom window and looked across the common area directly into my neighbor's apartment. I had an unrestricted view into the dwelling usually but tonight it was completely dark. (Not that I needed any additional eye candy in my condition.) I had spoken with this man in the laundry room, at the mailboxes, even watched him ride away on his Harley with a lust filled eye. There was something very sexual about him that had nothing to do with the amount of women that traipsed in & out of his place: he had a way of treating women, that made them aware of his genuine appreciation for their gender. Maybe it was the way he leaned in when a woman spoke to him, as if he hung on every word. Or perhaps it was the way he would casually brush his fingertips along her arm or hand, as though emphasizing his presence. 

From the top of his sandy brown head to the tip of his boots, he was hot with a capital 'H'. I wondered about his sexual prowess -- then was over come by mind pictures of him in various positions that were so intoxicating, they had my clit throbbing with desire. My fingers longed to play...

My black silk robe was all the clothing I wore. While gazing out into the darkened apartment I had allowed the belt slip open, the cool air crinkling my nipples; my erotic thoughts causing my 38c breasts to swell with desire. I could so easily imagine him on his knees licking up the honey flow that threatened to spill out of my neglected pussy. I allowed my fingers slip into my slick vee and found the stamen between the folds of my petals and began massaging it. The lights behind me were dimmed, perfect for self-gratification. I used my left hand to cup & massage my breasts as a lover might, while my right skimmed & trailed thru my syrupy slick playground. I nearly had two fingers inside my tunnel when I heard a knock at the door. I hurriedly moved away from the window, rinsed my hands, wiped them quickly on a towel and headed toward the door. I didn't bother to add to the lighting and using the peephole, I discovered my fantasy neighbor on the other side. I opened the door hesitantly; making doubly certain my nakedness was contained.

"I don't know if you remember me, my name is Greg. I have a package that was left for you at my place by mistake." I opened the door wider, allowing him into my apartment. He came in sporting black leather & tight jeans and left a clean scent in his wake as he passed. (I couldn't help but take the opportunity to check out the goods yet again. The man was packing. My bad!) He glanced around and placed the package on a nearby table and turned to face me. 

"That's really nice of you to bring the package over," I began. 

"It's no trouble, I've been home awhile. I was doing some star gazing and got distracted. The view just about killed me," Greg smiled; the warmth was mirrored in his honey brown eyes before he grabbed my right hand. He then began to slowly and erotically lick over my fingertips, all the while maintaining eye contact with me. His actions nearly had me jumping out of my skin or maybe it was the moment he started sucking on my fingers; the answering pull could be felt directly between my thighs. I was more than a little shocked when he placed my dewy digits directly over his bulge and rubbed himself against my hand. My fingers trailed over his firm flesh slowly, trying to convince myself that it wasn't a dream. 

'This can't be happening,' I thought but his cock jumped at my touch. That was all the wake up I needed. 

"It looked like you needed a hand. I believe in being neighborly." He stated as he pulled open my robe and began suckling on my pale pink nipples, making the crests bloom a darker hue. His mouth's voraciousness sucked in more & more flesh vigorously as his hand skimmed lower cupping over my well lubed rose. "You're dripping wet, I can take of that." He murmured as he knelt and licked the outside down-like muff that covered the entrance to my honey flow.

"Mmm, don't mind my cold ears." He teased as his tongue lapped up my wetness, slurping, sucking noises soon followed, my thighs opened wider to allow him easier access to my body. 

"I really get off over a well lubed pussy -- it makes experimentation that much more fun." I felt his knowing fingers move back and enter my rear door, moving in & out lewdly as he sucked on my well-developed pea. I flooded his face instantly and felt his honey wet kisses move up along my thighs, leaving a trail of small passion marks in his wake.

I dropped to my knees and nuzzled the bulge in his well-packed jeans. He assisted me by opening them up and freeing the male protuberance that resided there. He held it at its base and stroked the tip over my waiting lips. His other hand skimmed over my hair to cup the back of my head, holding me firmly in place. The very size of his cock was a force to be reckoned with. 

"Suck me off," he ordered. "I know you've been watching me for a while. I've been watching you, too." He guided himself into my waiting, hungry mouth while still holding my head steady, taking control. (A fantasy this oral woman could relive repeatedly!) My tongue flicked over his tool, my body responding to the growing fullness against my tongue. I moaned audibly as his hips gyrated back & forth, fucking my mouth. 

"I knew you were oral." Greg whispered as I swallowed him down to the base of his cock while lightly massaging his balls. 

"This is just getting in my way." He pulled the robe from off my body and it fell to pool on the carpet around me. The image we brought to mind was mind-boggling. I'm kneeling before him submissively, completely nude, sucking and licking over his turgid cock like a sugar junkie after a fix. He's still fully clothed; his pants lowered just enough to allow me access to his cock. My tongue bathed over him fully, paying added attention to the ridge at his crown. I tasted droplets of pre-cum, the warm pearls combine with my natural exuberance -- I swallowed hungrily. I felt the warmth spreading throughout my body. I craved more.

"I don't want to cum yet -- get on all fours," I moved eagerly, ready to obey his every whim. I yearned to feel him inside me completely. 

Greg entered me from behind with one quick thrust -- the rough texture of his jeans rubbing against my nakedness, the contrast of tender flesh against the harsh material is not lost on me. I savored the sensations, all of them. I felt the head of his cock tease the very core of me. He toyed with me, keeping me right on the edge. He moved his hips against me slowly; the movements sent spirals of enjoyment through us both. Our combined pleasure spills out, leaking down my thighs. The scent of us permeates the air...the perfume making me long to taste his cum once again.

He dampens his fingers in my honey and I felt him seeking entrance at my dark portal. He inserted one slowly, finger fucking me - opening up my back passage while lubing me for more pleasure. I felt him pull out of my tightness with an audible plop and explore the opening of my unused cavern. I tensed but before I could utter a protest Greg plunged into my tunnel of unearthly delights. I softly whimpered; the pleasure is almost more than I can bear, as he stroked my clit leisurely. I'm so aroused, so wet we could hear his fingers as they moved thru my soft folds.

"Touch your breasts for me, pinch your nipples," Greg hoarsely ordered. I felt him tense, his body close to cuming. As I cupped and manipulated my breasts, his digits began flickering over my clit in a rapid staccato. 

"You feel so good," He cried out as a warm rush permeates me, a load of delectable cream shoots into me deeply...wave after wave of heat pulsates through me.

I felt Greg pull out of me and his lips replace his rigidness, his tongue lapping up through the folds of me -- sampling the combined flavors he discovered...he began tongue fucking my pussy once again, causing yet another explosion.

Afterward, I walk him to the door, my knees still a bit unsteady from our encounter, the very force of our love play. He grabbed me in a warm embrace and kissed me passionately, deeply. I could taste the erotic flavor of us in the kiss -- the dark images it created were to be savored and remembered -- but at another time.

He picked up the package and gave me another hug. 

"I thought that was for me?" I questioned: still somewhat dazed.

"This is my laundry. I just used it to get through the door." 

"Next time you need a hand -- you know how to get my attention."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It had been a few days and I hadn't seen my sexy neighbor since our encounter. I felt the want building inside me; like a volcano ready to erupt. I yearned for release. I craved his taste, his touch. The force of the hunger spurred me into a bold move.  

I prepared myself for him, wanting to please and delight him as much as he had given of himself to me. 

'This time will be all for his pleasure,' I thought to convince myself as I soaked in a perfumed bath, the airy bubbles teasing my flesh. I wanted to play with my clit but I waited, I wanted to explode and flood his face...I could imagine his reaction at such wantonness.

I would have liked my visit to be a surprise but I've called ahead and made certain he'd be home and receptive to a guest. The excitement and expectation in his deep voice allies any fears I might have possessed. I felt my excitement level increase and dampen my thong.

At the appointed time I knocked at his front door. He opened the portal, wearing a pair of low-slung jeans, his chest bare, muscled and begging to be touched. His warm and welcoming smile stilled the butterflies that had suddenly taken flight deep within me. The living room was aglow from several strategically placed candles but the light did nothing to dispel the darkened corners of the large, well appointed room. He pulled me further into the room, closing and locking the door behind me, the sound of it overly loud in the quiet room. 

I had fantasized about being alone with him again, but now facing my desires I felt suddenly hesitant, shy. As if reading my thoughts Greg placed his hands on my shoulders briefly, giving me a reassuring squeeze. One hand slowly, methodically began blazing a trail down the front of my dress, my nipple a hard erect point that begged his attention. His fingers traced lovingly over it before unbuttoning the front of my bodice, revealing my full breasts for his hungry gaze. He lowered the lacy cups and my twin points peaked out over the edges of my black bra. His mouth sucked in an erect nipple, slowly, teasingly. Both buds were soon well loved by the force of his voracious mouth. He repositioned me, so that I faced away from him, leaning back against his masculine frame. An arm is wrapped around my waist holding me steady as his other plays over my exposed flesh as expertly as a musician plays his instrument. Fingers teased and trailed over me igniting an unquenchable desire. 

My dress is as quickly cast aside as yesterday's gossip. I leaned against him as his fingers delved under my thong and into my pussy, removing the syrup that is freely flowing from my libidinous body. He raised a hand to slowly and erotically lick over his digits then kissed me deeply, passionately.

"Your pussy is as sweet as I remember." Greg whispered, his breath causing ripples of delight to skim over my flesh.

I sensed movement and looked off into the darkness. A form emerged from the shadows -- walking slowly into the dim light. A dark haired, curvaceous woman moved in towards us. I start and attempted to move away but I'm held firmly in place by Greg's steely arms. He occasionally dipped in a finger or two into my still wet pussy as if exploring my reaction.

"This is my good friend Amy. She wants to taste your sweetness." I jerk -- the night suddenly as surreal as a dream but I'm conscious of my derriere pressed against Greg's still growing bulge and I'm lost in a sea of sensations. She placed her mouth on mine -- her tongue snaking in to plunder my softness. She moved lower, erotically, licking and sucking on my breasts, her hunger apparent in the moans she makes as she moved lower still.

"Go after that pussy. You know you need that sweet pussy." Greg urged her on. "Suck on her clit. I want to hear you eating her wet pussy. Make her cum," he tells her lewdly -- she worked herself lower, her breath tickling my down covered box. 

"Don't worry, let her taste you. Relax, just relax for me." I can't move, I can't turn away; she's pressing me against him while his bulge is growing fuller against my backside. I felt her pull down my thong, part my lower lips softly, her tongue soon lapping at my velvety entrance and swallowing down the excess moisture she's discovered.

Soon my thigh is resting on her shoulder, allowing her easier access to my honey. I pull her head deeper into me, my resistance forgotten as he nuzzles my neck, sucks on my earlobes or teases my breasts while Amy feasts.

"I told you her pussy was good." I feel her finger knocking at my back door, right before it slips inside. I grind against her face lewdly and I gush out a flood of warmth covering her cheeks and chin. She moved up and kisses me; I can taste myself, as Greg chuckled delightedly in my ear. "I knew the two of you would be hot together." She pushes herself against me, her breasts rubbing against mine as Greg moans his obvious approval in my ear. The two of them exchange a kiss sharing my essence; then he kisses me deeply. I taste my pussy juices from his lips as he groans wickedly.

"We're going into the bedroom. We want you to join us but you know what's expected -- it's going to be a threesome and everything that entails. That means every combination possible." 

Amy moves off but pauses briefly in the doorway before entering the bedroom. 

Greg stands before me, holding my hand. "What's it going to be?" He questions gently waiting for my response. "Are you woman enough to explore another female, to taste her essence?" 

I follow them both into the room beyond and the unknown delights and surprises that await us all.