 "Girls at a Bar," part 3 of the "It was supposed to be about incest" arc.

Copyright CopperSkink (or Copper's Kink; whatever turns you on), January Four, Two Thousand Ten.

All players eighteen and older (the high school starts kids at fourteen, though there are plenty who skip right to college, but we don't talk about them).

Circa 2066 (subject to change depending on how well I organize my notes in the next several months), located in the (fictional) charming town of Rotterdale, North Carolina, halfway up the coast and about ten miles in on foot. Trust me, it's very pretty.

*

Hola, me again, your old buddy Derrick. We'd just gotten off at how my sister and I were all set to do what apparently only we hadn't done before: The big woot. She and I were going to have delicious sex. Together. With each other, no one else, no booze, no weed, no nothing. 

It was Sunday, I think, after she got home from the high school's last dance of the year, which had taken place on Friday. I was supposed to show up with my pseudo-girlfriend Cindy, but I didn't feel like it for some reason, so I stayed home. Becky, my sister, didn't get back that night, and with lots of college on Saturday and Sunday, I didn't see whether she was back at all until Sunday night, when we have an obligatory family dinner.

No, hang it all, it wasn't the dance at all. That was the start of her not talking to me. It was her graduation dinner a month later. She had cornered me by the bathrooms to chew me out, then she got all friendly with me under the table. When we got home, she was fit to get into a fight, but then she was all over me. I thought it was finally gonna happen, but our mom walked in. She went away, but Becky didn't feel comfortable any more.

That was a month ago.

Isn't it strange how you have something to say to a person, but you don't know what? I had this craving to corner Becky like she did to me so I could question her maddening behavior, but when I thought about it, I couldn't think of anything I should ask. Let me explain: A few months ago, she told me under no uncertain terms that she wanted to have sex with me, and, and, she was going to make it happen. 

Months ago. There've been a few chances here and there, but they keep getting screwed up. But see, there've been chances. Nothing fool-proof; we can't go fucking in my bedroom or hers, and we both have shit to attend to throughout the days and weeks; you'd be surprised at how to people out of school can't find time together.

Anyways, it's been like that. All month I've been trying to talk to her, but it never seems right. Either I'm pissed off about something, or she's pissed off about something, or one of us has something to do, or our mom or the other guy is being too imposing that particular night. As to "that guy", he sat me down shortly after my semester finished so we could have our yearly talk.

"If you want to continue living here, you'll have to enroll in summer school or else get a job."

That was about it. I had landed a job at Julie's because of Jess the barmaiden, but I ended up regretting it. All the assholes from high school or college seemed to turn up there off and on, and there's nothing worse than serving people whose parents pay for everything they own. All day long I listen to blabber about how easy life is, how someone that pissed someone else off is going to be dealt with, how someone's going to get a car in the next few months... They all tip for shit, too.

My boys would come around every so often, but I'm not allowed to drink there anymore as it turns out; and now Cindy, Sadie, and even Becky have been turning up every so often; the point got lost. 

Bill and Sadie got along alright behind closed doors, but with her pack of cheerleaders behind her wearing next to nothing, he would end up falling on the butt-end of their jokes while they watched for older men to leer at for the duration of their drinking. I fucked around and said something in his defense once, but one of the runts said something about talking to the manager about me being impolite to her.

I love Sam like a brother, but when Cindy's around, Sam just doesn't seem interesting. He talks about girls he's had sex with and girls he plans to have sex with and different ways to get different girls into bed, but when it boils down to it, he's pretty much a gossiping girl himself, only it doesn't appear in that light except when Cindy's around. 

Cindy with her air of maturity that makes everyone around her feel stupid. Cindy with her twin sister that makes everyone around her feel like less than the most important person on her mind.

Dree was never the same after his sisters left. And yes, for those of you who were wondering about them, they never returned. He found out from his mom where they went, not that it did him any good. After college got out, he disappeared too. Now it's just me serving a bunch of girls at a bar. Depressing, isn't it?

*******

"Derrick, my grandmother just passed away, and we're all going to Utah for the funeral tomorrow morning. I'm sorry to let you know so late, but..."

"There's no way," I said. It was another Sunday, the day we all four had to sit around and loath each other's company as usual. Assfuck was nobody's hero, and here he was, telling us where we the children were going and when like we belonged to him.

"Excuse me?" he answered in turn. Bless him, he honestly thought we'd just go along with whatever he said like we had no opinions of our own. I always told Mom her second choice of husband was fooling himself.

"Leave him alone," attacked Becky, who didn't seem to like the kind of look I was receiving.

You may well be able to guess the rest of the conversation, so I'll cut to it rather than bore: Becky and I got kicked out. Bummer.

Things weren't as bad as some of you might think, but in some ways they were worse. I was fine; I never thought I'd have any trouble bunking at Bill's new digs in Raleigh while I got my feet under me. But Becky, she got backlashed. 

Let me reeducate you on certain points about Becky in case you're not super good at math or else forgetful of certain details: She hates this town. She hates how small it is, hates how few stores there are, hates how close everything is, hates how slow everything is, hates the smell of horse, hates the lack of party life, and hates the lack of alcohol. 

Now she's eight feet past graduating high school, and she gets kicked out of house and home. Rather than move to a university far, far away after a summer of quiet contemplation like she'd planned, she has to find a place to stay here in town to work, maybe even go to Laurel U because it's the only school she'll be able to get into without the time, roof, and peace of mind to apply for scholarships and stuff.

Did I mention how much I dislike my stepfather?

And we are moving out. No way is either of us going to stick around with that shitalkie one more minute longer than we have to. Our mother was useless as always, refusing to refute her poor choice of a second husband and claiming that the both of us are old enough to be on our own if we can't respect the rules of the house. No, there's nothing for it but to bunk it somewhere.

We found a place rather quickly: There was this brother and sister who had been living with their single mother until she died last year, and they pushed through it the rest of the way together. With Becky and me boarding, they'd be able to afford to keep the place and still go to school. It hurt that Becky didn't have a job yet, but our new landpeople took pity. Both had graduated in Becky's class, by the way.

I decided not to take another schedule of classes for the fall semester so I could work more, but Becky signed up for a pretty heavy load, and she managed to find a job at the ice cream shop on the beach until classes started. 

With all of our stuff moved into our new townhouse, we were a pretty sorry lot. I still had my official girlfriend Cindy that would check on me, and Becky would mysteriously disappear for the next few hours after.

But always, always my thoughts would go back to the promise Becky made me. Cindy promised me I'd get to watch if she did anything with her twin sister Sara but that I'd never get anywhere with her. But Becky, she had promised me her body, and I was looking to collect. Only, I was starting to get the idea that she took objection to me having a girlfriend on the side. Even when I'd mention Sadie or Salamandy in passing while talking to her about the goings-on of me and my boys, Becky would get that look in her eye.

"Derrick, would you mind...?" Reoren asked courteously. I obliged her by reaching something out of the cupboard over the stove vent, and she went back to cleaning the kitchen. As the boss of the house, she made sure everything stayed clean.

"Why don't you keep that shit under the sink?" I asked after I returned to the kitchenette table and my breakfast.

"I donno," she said aimlessly. Leo and I are both gonna be home tonight; you wanna do something dinneresque?"

For those of you that live with roommates in a house, I'm sure you're aware how uncomfortable it can be, at least at first. I don't know these people, yet I share a refrigerator with them. It can get a little tense. But Reo, she makes the effort to make Becky and me feel welcome. 

There was something very appealing about her, and not just the way she would reach high on her naked toes to wipe some hidden dirt so I could see up her too-short summer skirt she wore around the house. She had maturity that reminded me of the twins. She looked after her little brother, though they were pretty close in age, closer than Becky and I. She kept the house clean as a whistle, and from the way her brother Leo talked about her, she was pretty serious about school and stuff.

Her hands ritualistically came down to pull her skirt down to cover her ass properly, only it ended up giving her major butt cleavage on the other end. Still, it broke the spell; apparently I'd been staring. I instinctively looked up, and she was staring right at me.

"What? Huh?" I said quite dumbly.

"I asked you what you wanted for dinner. About five times."

"Oh."

"Is there something on my skirt?"

"Excuse me?"

But she wasn't looking at me; she was twisted over, trying to see if I had spotted something hidden in the pleats of her yellow number. Did she even have a clue that she had lifted her skirt up to give me such an easy look at her... eew. Big, white, plain panties.

Reoren is quite easy on the eyes. She's got this tiny figure with girlish curves. Goes barefoot and barelegged around the house, practically daring me to stare at her creamy smooth calves and thighs, but she acts like like she doesn't even get that I'm staring at her. Almost as if... nah. A girl as cute as her? But she's not even coy or shy. Hmm.

"Reo?"

"Hmm?"

"Don't kick me out or anything, but you have a nice ass."

She looked down at once to see she how perfectly she had exposed herself. "Oops." She turned back to her work, didn't even look embarrassed. I shrugged and went back to my morning food.

"Why would I kick you out?"

She must've been thinking on it the past several minutes. "Me, I like feeling safe around people I live with, you know?" I answered. "Like everyone respects everyone's privacy, no matter what they might think about each other. You shouldn't have to feel like I'm some guy you have to avoid because he can't take his eyes off you."

"Well, I think you have a nice penis, so there."

"I... wat?"

She hadn't so much as turned to see if she made me blush. I felt like gawking with embarrassment, but my sister made her morning appearance. "Wusupple, people?" She gave both of us kisses and then stuck her beak in the pantry.

This place seemed to have done wonders for Becky. No longer was she depending on layers of clothes, heavy boots, and hideous makeup. Now I always thought she looked tops, but this new, fresh Becky was if not exactly an improvement, it was a fresh change. She was obviously picking up on Reoren's casual disinterest in being dressy, and on the days she didn't have to go to work, she didn't bother wearing makeup either, only she was always seen wearing at least her usual long, striped socks.

Another thing I couldn't get enough of was the kissing. In a way, I'd been courting her for the last several months: being there when she needed me, spending my free time with her, flirting casually when we were in public and getting up close and personal when we were alone; and I was always up for some new and interesting excuse to touch her. 

Moving here did just that. In case I haven't mentioned it yet, there's a certain sickness in this town. Certain people just aren't healthy for the population, and I think I may have been one of them. Becky too, though you'll never catch me telling her that. But at a time when I despaired to ever be free of the corruption, there came Cindy. She was my beacon of hope. She was a girl who didn't play the game, who refused to put out to succumb to peer pressure.

Once Cindy and I dated for a while under the guarantee that she'd never let me sleep with her, I started to enjoy her company. She was exactly the girlfriend I had been looking for, or rather she had the kindness and attentiveness I would look for in a girlfriend. She's not exactly my type, but the important thing is that she showed me that a guy and a girl can get along out of bed. After dating her for a while, my eyes began to open. 

Her sister Salamandy, while being something of a whore, suddenly seemed to me to be a very nice, intelligent girl; she just had a little mean streak from never being daddy's only girl, and she liked sex a little too much. Sadie was rough around the edges, but she meant well. And Becky, she was everything I wanted in a girl, her being my sister aside.

Where the fuck was I... Anyways, "the kiss hello." Cindy introduced me to it, and it seems that it goes around this town. Reo and her brother Leo do it, and now thanks to them, so do Becky and I. Every morning, I was treated to her lips on mine, and right after that I would see her locking up with Reo. I could just let out a sigh and a goofy smile at how all was right with the world when those two girls kissed.

So, automatically, I wanted them both in my bed. But that's for later. Leo, he does it to, though not with me. We men, we're brave enough to face the handshake. But when they both opened the door for us the first time we showed up on their doorstep, Becky looked like she wanted to take Leo right to bed. And the poor fool, he probably would've learned a thing or two from my experienced sister.

Becky managed to dig out whatever she was in for, and in another two seconds she was giving Reo yet another kiss. "Leaving so soon?" Reo asked her.

"Early day at work," Becky said, already on her way over to me. She paused right in front of my face with her lips just touching mine. "I'll see you tonight?" she said, more of an instruction than a plead, before pressing her lips against mine. 

Heaven passed between us and all my blood was brought to a boil in the time it took her to back away from me again half a moment later, and she was gone before I could draw breath to wish her a good day.

"She's perky today," Reo observed with her nose still buried in cleaning.

"Yeah, I think she really likes it here."

"So, have you given it any thought yet?" she asked, looking me in the eyes.

Had she caught me staring again? I couldn't help it, not with that little skirt not doing anything to... but no, she looked like she had just asked me the weather. "I'm sorry, what?"

"Dinner?"

"Oh, dinner." My eyes flashed down to her skirt involuntarily, and I don't think she missed it. I couldn't help it.

"That's not my ass, Derrick," she insisted when I glanced at her front.

"The front looks good too," I said easily, "or didn't you know? And what's this about me having a nice dick?"

She only shrugged uselessly.

We stared at one-another for a spell. I already knew Reoren was a great girl, but she was different. Sure, having her mother die without a father to back her up and a lazy brother to look after probably made her grow up too fast this past year. As to that, she probably needed to relax a little.

"What about I take you to lunch?" I offered. "That way you can't bug me about picking dinner."

"Me go see what Leo be up to," she said instead, and she put her stuff back in the cupboard, reaching up on her toes yet again for me to see up her skirt, and she headed upstairs.

I polished off my food and threw my uses into the sink. Reo came back down and stayed by the front door where the stairs let you off, slipping her sandals on. "Coming?"

"You're wearing that?" I asked somewhat incredulously. Her too-short skirt was risky at best for wearing in the house, and while she didn't have huge breasts by any means, they bulged enough in her sleeveless day shirt to give someone a show through the arm holes. She hadn't even put on a bra.

"It's too hot to wear shoes," she said, looking down at her tiny feet. I wasn't even looking anywhere near them. Oh well; not my problem.

We popped out on foot a few blocks down to the main drag where the public transit lived. It conveyed us the respectable distance to Julie's, where I was able to find a quick seat for two and some drinks Reo would be otherwise too young to drink on her own without a recognizable face to vouch for her temperance.

"The food here's pretty darn good," she exclaimed in another half an hour.

"Yeah, man. Haven't you ever eated here?"

"Nope."

"Umm... how is that possible?" I thought everyone came to Julie's. Everyone I know, anyway.

She shrugged that noncommittal shrug again and kept dangling her bare feet under the table. She never finished off her drink, preferring to sip it now and then and favoring water for guzzling when she was thirsty. Interesting.

After a few more minutes, the boys mysteriously showed up.

"Hey, man," Sam said. "Who's this chick? Aren't you dating my sister?"

Reoren looked up politely when the three of them addressed me, but she didn't necessarily stop shoveling food into her face.

"This is Reo, my new roommate," I esplained. "Her mother left her and her brother a house."

The smooth Sampson was quick be the first to offer his hand to Reo. She took it, but when he tried to kiss hers, she pulled closer and kissed him on the lips like it was how perfect strangers met. Sam didn't seem to mind. Bill met with the same fate, though with a dumber grin, and Dree seemed bored with the whole ordeal when he got his turn.

Wait, Dree? I thought he had popped out of town.

"So," Bill said, "crash or bigger table?"

"Actually, I was hoping to do the bonding thing with my landlady, here."

Reo gave her surprise away when she looked at me, but she still turned back to the boys and smiled quietly. One by one, they all gave their departures and headed to the patio, where they could enjoy their beer outside as per usual, one man short.

"We've known each other for all of two weeks, and I've already become your alibi," Reo said plainly. For some reason I expected a giggle. Not her, though. But she didn't sound upset, either. Just that she didn't seem to know how to laugh.

"Actually, I kick back with them boys all the time," I corrected. "It's just that this is the first time you and I have done something together, and I didn't want to..."

"It's fine," she interrupted. "I'll stay if you want to go drink with them."

"I meant I do want to just spend time with you," I insisted. "I've never really gotten along with the people I've lived with, so I thought I'd do something to change that, you know?"
