 "Why wouldn't you? You might like it."

"Just not attracted to men, never have been. Actually I don't understand why women are, either. Sorry, Elizabeth."

"So you've never done it with a woman you didn't think was attractive -- just because you could, because it felt good?"

I shrugged. "Well yes, sometimes. But..." 

"I mean, especially if it's their mouth or hand that you've got your dick in, what difference does it make if it's a boy or a girl? It wouldn't mean you were gay, Paul, just very horny. And I know how horny you get." 

I couldn't think of a quick answer to that, so I said "What about you? Do you do it with girls? After all, if it's their mouth or their hand..."

"No, not yet. But I know I could, and that I'd enjoy it. If I was in the right mood. Or if the right man wanted me to do it."

"Doesn't Brian want you to?"

She sniggered. "Not the right man. Nowhere near."

I was sitting opposite Elizabeth, a director of the record company where I ran the A&R department, in her hotel room at around midnight. This was about ten years ago, when I was 39. I'd been establishing myself back in the music business after a bad few years, getting ready to start my own management agency. She was my boss, but Elizabeth was younger than I was -- 32, I think. That didn't really bother me. She understood the industry; she also had long, wavy red hair, a slim but nicely curved body and a beautiful, angelic face, so we got on just fine.

Something else she understood was that I wanted her - badly. She'd flirted with me at the interview for my job and hadn't stopped since. She was married to some sort of investment banker but only ever spoke about her husband to put him down. She'd left him at home tonight, the night of the biggest music industry awards ceremony of the year. And tonight was supposed to be when it happened -- when I finally got hold of her and made a real pig of myself, just like I'd been telling her I would. 

But we weren't alone. Sitting next to Elizabeth on the small sofa was her PA, Lucy. Sitting between us on the floor was Marco, our waiter during the tedious ceremony that we'd sat through downstairs in the hotel's ballroom.

Lucy was somewhere in her early twenties, small and cute with spiky blonde hair. She was wearing what looked to me like a baby doll nightie for a dress and she hadn't stopped giggling for at least an hour. Lucy was a bit nuts even when she was stone cold sober, and now she was totally wired on the combination of free champagne and expensive cocaine that we'd been consuming all night. But as soon as Elizabeth and I started talking about sex, she turned very quiet and started playing close attention.

Marco looked 19 or 20, short and skinny with long jet black hair. He had big brown eyes surrounded by dark make up, and wiggled his backside when he walked. When he spoke -- which was almost never -- it was in a shy whisper and with a ridiculously camp Italian accent. He was a useless waiter, but at the end of the evening Elizabeth still made me give him a huge tip. Then she suddenly grabbed him by the hand and said to Lucy and me "My room, more drinks. Marco -- you can be our barman."

So there we all were, Marco organising a steady flow of booze from his overstretched colleagues in room service, Elizabeth supplying the quality coke and me wondering what was going on. I had no trouble at all dreaming up a supporting role for Lucy in what I wanted to do, but I was starting to worry about exactly why Elizabeth had dragged a gay waiter up here. 

"So who would you do it for?" I asked her.

Elizabeth smiled at me. "You mean are you the right man, Paul? Hmm. I don't really know. I suppose you're quite good looking. I might even have let you fuck me tonight. But if you want me with another girl..." She paused and glanced down at Lucy, who looked back up into her eyes "I'll need something in return."

"Oh really? What might that be?"

"You with another man" said Elizabeth, with the first tremor of real lust in her voice. "I think that's only fair - don't you?"

"No" I said. Then, stupidly, "What man, anyway?" 

"You and Marco of course. Right here, right now. Do it and you get everything you can imagine from me and Lucy -- that's all right isn't it, Lucy?" Lucy giggled, kissed Elizabeth on the cheek, then turned to stare at me. "If you don't want to do it, fine -- go back to your room and sleep by yourself." Marco looked a bit startled by this turn of events but said nothing, and just glanced up at me nervously to see how I was taking it.

I wasn't angry. In fact Elizabeth's obvious excitement was beginning to have an effect on me, and so was Lucy's stare, but even so I wasn't going to be pushed into something like this. "Forget it. I'm not touching another man. No offence, Marco." 

Marco smiled sweetly. Elizabeth thought for a moment then said "That's a disappointment. I didn't think you were quite so boring, Paul. But OK" -- and now she was starting to negotiate rather than demand - "what if you didn't have to do anything yourself? What if you just had to relax and let Marco make you happy? You could manage that, couldn't you?"

Elizabeth's voice was shaking, and I could see her hands trembling. And something slightly disturbing was happening. My cock was responding to Elizabeth's arousal, to the pleading tone in her voice, by stiffening up. Marco -- his head level with my groin and only a couple of feet away -- noticed first and gave me another shy little smile. Then Lucy saw it, giggled again and nudged Elizabeth, pointing. Elizabeth just looked at the bulge in my trousers, with her lips slightly parted. My own lips parted and I heard the words "Keep talking" slip out.

But Elizabeth could hardly talk at all now. There was a thick, heavy atmosphere in the room, like being in the nastiest wet dream you've ever had. That's why I was turned on -- not because I particularly wanted Marco (although I admit the idea of doing something so different, something I really shouldn't, was beginning to make me feel a little crazy) but because I was feeding off her lust, ready to do whatever it took to keep it growing and fuelling my own excitement.

She managed to force the words out, as Lucy began gently stroking her silk-stockinged thigh. "Marco - you wouldn't mind sucking Paul's cock, would you?" She paused for breath and closed her eyes. "I mean, make him enjoy having a pretty young man do it to him. Make him moan. Make him come with your mouth, even if he doesn't want to. While we watch". 

Marco looked nervous again, but mumbled "Sure, if you want." I thought for the last time that maybe I should get out and back to my own room, but instead I just sat there as if I'd been hypnotised. My cock was now trying to force itself out of my trousers. 

"I want" said Elizabeth. "Do it."

My heart was thumping like a jackhammer, but I sat quite still, my hands resting on the arms of my chair. Marco began moving slowly towards me. Lucy, rubbing harder on Elizabeth's thigh, whispered something into her ear. "Of course" Elizabeth said. "Marco, take off all Paul's clothes first. Strip him."

He looked at me, waiting for permission. I just looked back. He smiled, then stood so he could unbutton my shirt. When I leaned forward so that he could slip it back over my shoulders, his long black hair, soft and silky like a girl's, brushed against my bare chest. 

Then he sank to his knees between my legs, so that he could undo my belt. As he dropped he swept the tip of his warm, wet tongue across my stomach. The muscles underneath my skin rippled in response. Marco felt it and smiled again.

He knelt at my feet, looking up at me with his big, mournful eyes as he took off my shoes and socks. Then he reached up and slipped off my trousers and shorts in one tantalisingly gradual movement, finally letting my cock spring free and erect.

I was always being told that my cock was my finest feature -- long, smooth, heavy and gracefully curved. Marco licked his lips. Lucy grunted in surprise and delight. Elizabeth was whispering "Oh God, Oh God, Oh God" to herself, gripping the arm of the sofa with one hand and Lucy's slender, bare thigh with the other.

Marco gave me one last look, as if he was afraid that I might suddenly change my mind and hit him. Then he slid one hand up the inside of my leg, his painted fingernails gliding across the sensitive skin until they reached my balls, where they gently stroked and scratched. I gasped with pleasure and my cock began to twitch, but I was looking into Elizabeth's eyes, not at Marco. I was still just about in control of myself, and decided to see how far I could push her excitement. I lay back in my chair and began to moan, saying things like "Jesus yes Marco, yes, don't stop". Lucy tore her eyes away from my cock and began to kiss Elizabeth's neck and throat. Elizabeth was so aroused by what she was watching that she barely noticed Lucy's kisses, but her hips began writhing slowly when Lucy slid her hand further underneath Elizabeth's dress.

I wasn't in control for much longer. Marco's hand slid up to the shaft of my cock, flittering up and down quickly at first then taking a firmer grip and pumping. At the same time I felt his tongue trace the same path along my thigh that his fingertips had. There was nothing fake about my moans now, and my hips began to writhe in time with Elizabeth's. 

Marco's head paused an inch above my cock. He opened his mouth as wide as he could then lowered himself onto it, keeping his eyes on my face. The first thing I felt was the tip of my cock against the back of his throat. Then he closed his mouth, pressing hard with his lips and tongue. He began to move his head slowly up and down, maintaining the pressure with his lips and making soft little moaning noises of his own.

I wasn't prepared for the intensity of the pleasure now shooting through my whole body. It was exquisite, Marco's long soft hair stroking my balls and thighs as he worked with his mouth. I kept my eyes on the women as I thrashed about, naked under their gaze. Lucy had a dirty grin on her face and mad, glazed eyes, her hand fiddling about more and more quickly under Elizabeth's dress. 

I've ever seen a woman as sexually aroused as Elizabeth at that moment. She was shaking and groaning and hoarsely muttering "Suck it, fucking suck his cock, he loves it, you fucking love it Paul, don't you? Don't you? Don't you?"

I did. So that's when I made a woman have the most intense orgasm of her whole life just by saying one little word. "Yes" I gasped "Yes. Fuck yes, I love it". Elizabeth flipped, her face contorted and flushing pink as she convulsed, squirmed and whimpered for a full minute.

Marco didn't skip a beat, ruthlessly speeding up as he sensed my own orgasm build. At the final moment I grabbed a handful of his hair while I thrust hard. Marco didn't resist, letting me fuck his sweet mouth until I couldn't hold back any more. I roared when I came, and he made grateful, lip-smacking noises while he swallowed. 

He held me in his mouth while I kept growling and my cock kept twitching, but it wouldn't go soft. When my breathing got back to something like normal again he pulled his head away, and ran his soft hand up and down my wet and slippery shaft while he turned to Elizabeth for further instructions.

Elizabeth wasn't capable of rational thought, never mind instructions. She was panting and sweating as if she'd just run a mile, with her eyes fixed on Marco's hand and my glistening cock. Next to her, Lucy quickly pulled her flimsy little dress up over her shoulders and wriggled out of her bra and panties. Elizabeth bit her lip and shivered, and reached out a fingertip to brush Lucy's stiff nipples. Lucy leaned over and kissed Elizabeth hard on the mouth, fumbling to find the zip of her dress. Then, just as I sat back to enjoy the show and Marco bent down to start licking my cock again, Lucy raised a finger and beckoned me across the room. My turn.

Elizabeth had promised me everything I could imagine, and I made her and Lucy keep the promise in full. For the first half hour or so Marco sat on the floor watching and looking bored, but when Lucy started trying to grab his cock the poor kid freaked out and left. 

Little Lucy was having lots of fun, grinning and giggling as she flitted to and fro between Elizabeth and me, squealing in ecstasy when we made her come and laughing with delight when she returned the favour. For Elizabeth, it was something a long way beyond fun. She was completely out of it, in an erotic frenzy where she couldn't talk or think, just fuck and suck and lick - and come. 

When I first penetrated her, roughly forcing my cock all the way into her soaking wet cunt, it took about five seconds for her whole body to start vibrating with a continuous orgasm that didn't stop when Lucy pulled me out of her and kept it going with her tongue. When I first pushed my cock deep into Elizabeth's mouth, she dug her long nails into my backside and sucked fast and hard like a hungry kitten at a bottle of milk. When I came down her throat she came too, even though neither Lucy or me were touching her down there.

We were like that for hours, absolutely insane with lust, none of us able to get enough of each other. Finally, around dawn, Lucy passed out on the sofa. Elizabeth still wanted more, but a few minutes later I collapsed on the bed, exhausted. She rubbed herself to a final orgasm then fell asleep with her head resting on my belly. The last thing I remember is her cool breath on my sore, soft cock.

So began what I suppose we have to call my bisexual phase. I left the company a month later, but now that Elizabeth had found someone to help her live out her fantasies she wasn't letting go.

Every couple of weeks or so I'd get a drunken late night call from some bar or club. "I'm here with Sophie" (or Clara, or Olivia or Suki ) "and Thierry" (or Helmut, or Fabian or Sebastian). "They're dying to meet you." I'd pretend to be reluctant, just to hear her beg, before letting them come round to my place and doing what I wanted with them. And yes, a few times I found myself going a lot further with the boy than I had with Marco. As Elizabeth said, it seemed wrong to go through life getting hundreds of blow jobs without ever knowing what it felt like to give one.

One night in bed I told my long term fuck-friend Alison what I was doing. She didn't believe me at first, then she freaked, then after thinking about it for five minutes she was nearly as turned on by the idea as Elizabeth. Every so often Alison had picked up a girl for us both to play with from the university where she taught; after a couple of days' pleading and bargaining from her I agreed that sometimes she could bring me a boy too.

Elizabeth and Alison both understood my strict specification for the guys I would let touch me: 18 to 25, small, submissive and effeminate. There was only ever one exception -- Elizabeth's husband, Brian. He was fat and forty and the biggest wimp I've ever met. Life with Elizabeth must have been sheer hell for him, but he worshipped her anyway. She invited Alison and I over to their house for lunch one Sunday -- he cooked, we got drunk, and for his dessert Elizabeth told Brian to get on his knees and suck me off. Then she made him watch while me and Alison took turns with her. She came, and came and came while Brian just sat in the corner wanking.

All in all, the madness lasted about six months. Then the novelty wore off, and suddenly I wasn't remotely interested in young men any more -- no matter how pretty they were, or how good they were with their mouths. But I've never regretted a single minute. For genuinely wild, mind blowing, dirty, incredible fucks those six months were the best I've ever had. If you don't believe me -- ladies, gentlemen -- try it and see.

Elizabeth and Alison both got pretty sulky when they realised I was serious about giving it up. I sympathised, but there wasn't much I could do about it. Besides, I soon found some interesting new ways to keep them happy. And that, as they say, is a whole other story.