 I highly recommend you read the previous chapters for the full erotic experience. 

***********************************************

My 4th week of chastity was complete as I arrived at Ella's apartment eager for release. As I was about to knock on the door Ella opened it and threw herself on me. She gave me a big hug saying "I've missed you so freaking much, come in get comfortable, make yourself right at home."

As I entered the apartment she asked if I wanted anything to drink to witch a politely declined. I knew she was up to something. She acted as if we were old friends and that our relationship was not based on her sexual ownership of me.

Ella was smiling and got close to me as we walked to the couch. She pushed me gently to sit on it as she mounted me. "Your neck is so tense...let me kiss and massage you a little, relax loosen up a bit handsome." Ella said playfully as she was kissing my neck and running her hands all across my body. She took my shirt off and was very sensual as I grabbed her ass and squeezed enjoying the moment while it lasted with my cock starting to swell in my cage.

While I was playing with Ella and enjoying her soft aroma I heard the front door open. Nathan had just walked in with another person. A long haired pale skinned smoking hot young blond same height as Ella with light blue eyes. She was naturally stacked with wide hips and large breasts. I could tell her tits were natural by the way they jiggled as she walked. She was wearing a skimpy short skirt and a pink tank-top with a tight jacket covering only her upper body exposing her flat stomach and slim waist. The hot chick had pink lip gloss on her almost fake looking lips as they looked a little too full to be completely natural but I was no expert to be sure if she had any work done on her via surgery. She just looked so fucking hot, like a Barbie sex doll. In my opinion Ella was beautiful to me not just because of her body, but her personality. This girl on the other hand has the slutty rich nympho look, like those women you want to mercilessly fuck on a one night stand.

"This is the guy I assume, wow Nathan I never would have thought you would share Ella with another man." The blond said.

"Oh Emily you are here, welcome sweetie." Ella said, giving me the hot girl's name.

Ella stood up and grabbed my hand leading me to the couple in the room. As I was standing in front of them I snapped back into it realising I have willingly fallen into Ella's latest trap. I was frozen as I did not know what would happen next. Would I get humiliated because of my chastity in front of a stranger I just met, will I get to fuck Emily as a reward for my obedience, will I get nothing and watch a threesome while locked up. It was too late now, I was completely at the mercy of these people as I had already conceded mentally, I just stood there waiting to see what will happen.

Emily was sizing me up and said licking her lips "He must also have a large cock like you Nathan, I doubt Ella would go for anything less. I'm already horny...when can we begin?"

"Let me show you what we are working with...you will be surprised." Ella said with a big smile as she pulled my pants down in front of everybody. I was so ashamed I turned away wishing I could bury my head in the sand.

"What the fuck is that? What the hell is going on?" Emily said shocked.

"This is our cuckold pet. He is my slave and cuck patient. There is a story here we need to explain. Trust me you will love how this all happened." Ella giggled as Emily looked at me with wide eyes.

"Let's take a seat. All will be clear soon." Nathan said with his arm around Emily.

Ella led me to the couch as Nathan and Emily sat across us on the other couch. I took my pants off as I was the only one that was naked with a chastity cage on. I wasn't sure but I assumed my face was extremely red from embarrassment at the time.

Ella broke the ice by introducing us. "Remember when I told you in our first therapy session that me and Nathan had threesomes only with women? Well that's her, Emily is an amazing sex partner as you will soon find out. Don't worry you can trust her, she wont go around talking about what's about to happen between us. I figured since you are now a part of this relationship it would be fine for you to join in our full sex life."

Ella turned to Emily and said with a calm tone "Now that he knows who you are I'm gonna give you the long story of who he is. He is my cuck virgin slave. I was so intrigued by the idea of having a human sub to degrade with my man that it was just dumb luck I found him. I noticed he was head over heels over me and invited him for a session in my office. He then confessed his love and submissiveness to me which prompted me to turn him into our property."

Ella turned to me and said "Tell her every detail from the beginning up until now of what we did to you. If you intentionally or unintentionally miss something we will chime in."

I looked at Emily with her blue eyes focused on me being wide open as she had a small smile on her gorgeous face. I was trembling from shame and fear as I tried to talk but my mouth did not produce any sound.

Ella grabbed my hand and intertwined our fingers as she whispered in my ear "It's ok, just think about making me happy." giving me a small kiss on the cheek for support.

Her actions helped me get a hold of myself and I was able to speak. I looked at Emily and began to share the new life I took since I met my alpha couple.

"After I confessed my love to Ella she instructed me to strip in front of her as she gave me handcuffs to restrain myself. After I followed her order she brought Nathan in the mix and started to make out with him as I watched. Then they came up to me as Ella revealed his huge cock to me for the first time stroking it an inch away from my face. Nathan later picked her up and fuck her pussy in my face teasing me the entire time. His cock was stroked in front of my nose most of the session to make me understand the size difference." 

"You conveniently left out what happened at the end." Ella reminded me.

"Ella extracted Nathan's cum while wearing latex gloves to scoop up his semen. She used his hot sticky cum as lube to jerk me off as I came with another mans seed." I said humiliated.

"Holy shit that's nasty..." Said Emily as she removed her short skirt revealing her pink thong. She put her hand inside her underwear and slowly played with herself looking and listening to me.

"At the end of every session we share out thoughts but you will experience that when we are done." Ella informed Emily. "Now tell her what happened in our second encounter." Ella turned her attention back to me.

"The second session was in this place, I arrived as Ella and Nathan were both naked waiting for me. I was ordered to strip down again as Nathan cuffed me and put me on my knees in front of Ella. She started to lick, suck and worship Nathan's oversized cock in front of my face while lecturing me how to take care of his balls. After I witnessed her swallow the biggest dick I have ever seen right in front of my face while she looked me in the eyes it was my turn to take the monster in my mouth." I explained.

Nathan decided to interrupt me and tell his side or the story. "Let me tell you what happened after that Emily. I let this sub work my pole with his small inexperienced mouth. He was awful in the beginning, so much so Ella put honey on my dick for him to lap up as he watched us make out."

Nathan stared at Emily's face as he was rubbing his crotch with one hand and squeezing her breast with the other. Emily was visibly aroused by this experience as she gave Nathan a small kiss while still rubbing her pussy in her thong.

"Ella then decided it was time for me to fuck his mouth...or better yet make his mouth a pussy as she put it. I fucked his face like a cheap whore, so much spit came out honestly I even made him cry from gagging on my manhood." Nathan continued to relay the past events.

"Wait, is he gay?" Emily asked confused.

"No he's not. He just does everything we tell him no matter how degrading...his life revolves around making me happy. He truly does love me." Ella said kissing my cheek and holding my hand tightly.

"He may not be gay but I sure did make him my sissy faggot. When it was time for his throat virginity to be taken he refused. He complained that I was too big for him." Nathan said trying to humiliate me as much as he could in front of Emily.

"His emotions were understandable, but after some therapy from me he agreed to try and succeeded in deep throating my boyfriend for me." Ella shared.

I was so embarrassed, if Ella was not comforting me I would have grabbed my clothes and stormed out running away never looking back.

Ella looked at my red face and said sensually "Don't pretend you didn't like it. You shot your load on the floor while Nathan emptied his in your throat. I actually came watching that. The three of us had a triple shared orgasm."

"OMG you actually CAME down his throat?" Emily asked shocked.

"That's nothing compared to what we did later...or even what we have planned for today." Nathan laughed.

I could see Emily's nipples poke out of her tank top which meant she had no bra underneath. She noticed me staring at he big jugs and said "Guys I never expected I would meet a domesticated cuck. The way you are treating him sounds cruel but also kind of hot." 

Nathan picked Emily up and she sat on his groin. He took off her jacket and threw it to the side. He then proceeded with no protest to remove her tank top letting her soft big beautiful breasts bounce back in place. Emily's tits were a sight to behold and drool over. Her nipples were pink and fully erect. She must have been so turned on by my situation which made me kind of proud in a perverted way.

The room was silent as Nathan was playing with Emily's exposed natural tits from behind as I watched with my cock straining against the chastity cage. He pinched and pulled her nipples upward and let them go making her breasts bounce as he gently slapped them while they were falling.

"Ooh, look at that dick swell inside the cage, Emily he seems to like you a lot. I almost feel jealous." Ella pointed out. "Tell her what we did to you last time so we can begin with todays hot therapy."

"The third time was back in Ella's office as she rewarded me for my obedience allowing me to jerkoff to her sexy body. After I came she put the cage I'm wearing now on me. Ella and Nathan proceeded to play with each other as I stroked Nathan's huge cock erect helping him to fuck my goddess. I watched and enjoyed the sex scene in front of me while Ella had the idea of being fucked on top of me. Nathan knew exactly how to make her cum and gave her a squirting orgasm while I was under her pussy." I tried my best to shortly summarise the last session to Emily.

"Wait you SQUIRTED on top of him?" Emily looked at Ella amazed.

"Actually...I squirted on him twice." Ella said with a naughty giggle.

Emily opened her mouth without making a sound as I continued the tell the story. "I licked Ella's legs and heels clean from her juices. After that Nathan fucked her this time as I was holding her in my arms, kissing her next to my face witch made me very envious. Ella started to get a little tired from the barrage her boyfriend's cock was able to lay on her wet pussy. She sat in the chair and watched me worship Nathan's thick shaft until she was ready again."

Ella took over the conversation by adding "It was the best sex I ever had. Nathan was so horny and gave it his all fucking my brains out. The next position was me in doggy as my pet was under me and begged us to fuck on top of him as he held my ass open and was instructed to count the cock strokes my pussy took."

I continued where Ella left off "Nathan fucked her so hard and fast she erupted again on top of me drenching me in her sweet urine. I was so taken by the moment I missed the count which led to me getting whipped."

"They whipped you? Like actual serious BDSM stuff?" Emily stopped rubbing her pussy and looked turned off by the idea of my cruel punishment.

"We experimented and realised that the flogging was excessive and we won't do it again. I'm sorry and promise you will never be disciplined like that ever again." Ella said to me leaning on my shoulder and kissing my neck.

"But after that we did his favourite position to watch as we found out. He loved it when he was on his knees and Nathan picked me up and fucked me above his head as he watched the reflection in the mirror. Shortly after he held me in his arms as I was fucked from behind facing him." Ella detailed the experience.

I continued by saying "Nearing climax we all sat on the couch as Nathan pounded Ella on top of me and came deep inside her. I was lucky enough to suck and lick her freshly fucked cunt clean. As I was lapping up his cum from Ella's pussy Nathan decided to have some fun with me and pressed his semi-erect cock at the entrance of asshole grinding his hips as he was pretending to fuck me."

"And that leads us to today." Ella said as she stood up and handed her phone to Emily. The voluptuous blond looked at the chat and snaps me and Ella exchanged while I was caged.

"Wait...this was 4 weeks ago. Is this guy now in a chastity for 4 weeks?! You teased him with homemade porn while his dick was imprisoned for a month?" Emily asked completely baffled.

"Absolutely, and he loved every second of his torment." Ella poked fun at me.

"Now that everything is out in the open, Emily do you feel comfortable in helping me to treat my patient?" Ella asked looking at both Nathan and Emily while they stood up and walked towards me.

"I love the idea of being watched, this sounds like fun." Emily said looking down at me while wearing only her pink thong.

"By the way, Emily here has a background in photography. So my next idea came naturally." Ella said as she went to a drawer and took out a small camera which had 4K written on the side.

She handed Emily the camera and said "Film their dicks only, no faces and no sound." 

Emily took a step back and knew what to do and how to position herself to get a good shot. 

Ella undressed and motioned me to get up and stand in front of her boyfriend. She was now wearing only a white thong with my chastity key around her neck.

Standing between 2 hot naked girls in their underwear made my submissive side take over again as Nathan was rubbing his crotch waiting to start.

"The key looks so cute around your neck! I'm gonna film up to your breast area, your perky tits with the key of his chastity between them looks so hot." Emily said.

Ella leaned in to kiss me and did her trademark pullback before our lips touched as she went the other way to kiss Nathan as I watched. My dick instantly twitched in my cage.

"Damn that was sexy. Okay I'm filming in 4...3...2...and action." Emily said as a film director.

"I want to see our caged friend pull Nathan's cock out for the camera. Ella help Nathan get undressed." Emily choreographed the scene.

Emily was aiming the camera at us while Ella was taking Nathan's clothes off and I was unzipping his pants pulling out his cock I got to know so well. His dick was slightly curved downward as his length and heaviness were not supported since his cock was not all they way hard yet. A notable difference was present as I noticed that Nathan for the first time had about a week of unshaved pubes and balls. I personally thought his sex tool looks better shaved smooth.

"Stroke him." Ella said looking at me with her arms around her man.

I followed her order and jerked off Nathan for the camera as Emily said "Bring his dick head against your chastity, use both hands."

I put both my hands to use as with every stroke the girth of his cock grew. Soon he reached his fully erect state.

"Ella compare them for me." Emily said smirking.

Ella proceeded to sensually move her body between us as she grabbed my swollen caged dick with her one hand, and put her other hand to use by stroking her boyfriends massive cock. She did that to make a statement to the camera about who the alpha was. She kept that image as Emily zoomed in on our dicks.

"Great shot guys." Got more ideas? Emily asked for more material.

"Watch this." Nathan said as he pulled Ella's hand off his penis and started flexing his cock which made it rock up and down with his size dwarfing mine.

Both girls laughed as they enjoyed his trick. I was also impressed with his control.

Ella took my hand and said "Follow me, bring his cock with you." She walked forward and lead the way as I pulled Nathan by his dick behind me. Emily followed us as she did not stop filming me touching Nathan's fat member.

Ella led us to the bathroom in the shower area witch was pretty wide, it was capable of having 4 people stand in it. She took a shower head aiming it at Nathan's dick and said "All that hair on this beautiful cock is bothering me...shave it."

"Shave it?" I asked wishing she did not say that.

"Yes shave his cock, the balls too of course. Why is there a problem?" Ella asked tilting her head.

"No. It's just..." I was at a loss for words.

"Here take this and start washing him, I'll be right back." Ella said to me as she gave me the shower head and set the water temperature at luke-warm. 

As Ella left us for a moment I turned the water on and started washing this tree trunk sized cock on camera. Nathan pulled my free hand to his penis motioning me to stroke him.

Ella returned with shaving gel and a razor saying "I'll hold the water and you rub in the gel in his hairy spots. Rub it in really good so a lot of foam comes out. I trust you will give him a good clean shave. Take your time the battery in the camera won't run out."

Ella turned off the water as Nathan was wet and ready to be gelled up. I filled up my palm with gel and started to rub in his pubes and ball hair preparing them. In the mean time Emily leaned on my back with her soft breasts pressing against it; putting the camera over my shoulder focusing the lens on my hands servicing Nathan's girthy flesh baton.

"Is he doing a good job?" Ella asked Nathan.

"So far so good." Nathan responded and kissed his girlfriend as a decent amount of foam was now on his hairy area. 

"I think it's shaving time." Emily said as she handed me the razor.

I was laser focused on not cutting Nathan's cock while shaving him so I went slow. The razor was new since I felt how smoothly it glided on his skin and left his skin exposed free of any hair. After the pubes were done all they way to the base of his big cock the balls were next.

"Let me help you with that." Said Ella as she lifted her mans cock up leaving his balls exposed easier to work on.

I carefully shaved his testacies and noticed they were slightly larger than the last time I saw them. I assumed he may have not ejaculated for a few days again to give me a big load as a part of the show.

"Good job, now wash it and it's ready for you." Ella said as she held the shower head to let tepid water flow on her boyfriend as I rubbed the remaining shaving cream left over washing it away.

"Just to make sure there are no germs left I want you to wash my dick with soap." Nathan said smiling at me.

Ella was expecting him to say that as she had a big bottle of liquid soap prepared in the shower.

"Open you hands," Ella poured a large glob of soap in my palms and said "Don't stop stroking him." As I covered his now smoothly shaved dick with soap and stroked it with both hands.

"Don't forget the balls, they have to be clean as a whistle. I don't want you to have dirty balls in your mouth." Nathan teased me as he gave details of what was in store for me later.

I massaged Nathan's large balls with one hand struggling to stroke his shaft with the other. His girth was just not easy to hold with one hand especially when soaped and slippery.
