 The envelope was with the daily mail, addressed to me with no return address. I opened the package and put the DVD into my laptop. I watched as one of my fantasies unfolded on the screen: me fucking my roommate, Elle. Elle is a friend from college days who is also recently divorced. She moved into my house several months ago.

I wanted her bad while we were in college, as I massaged the swim practice from her back muscles, occasionally touching the sides of her bulging breasts as she lie on the bed, too insecure to make a move and too naïve to know better. Now there it is, me fucking her in her bed. Fantasy apparently fulfilled, except I cannot find a memory of the event.

Elle comes home soon after I see the video. "I think we have a problem" she says. She shows me a disc labeled just like mine.

"I know" I say while I show her the screen.

"How and when did this fucking happen?" she asks me.

Privately, I would like to know so that we can do it again and I can remember it. I tell her that I have no clue about how, or when it happened, nor how it got recorded.

"God damn him!" she screams, "He fuckin' hypnotized us when he was here last month. That is the only explanation."

Her ex was getting into hypnotism big time when her marriage was falling apart, hoping to strike it rich on TV, or Vegas, but probably only You Tube. He had paid her a visit to chat about alimony and such. Obviously more such. Wonder how he got us both. And how the bastard got a camera in the house.

"We need to find the camera. It has to still be here." I tell her. We check the camera angles and sure enough, we find a small camera among the stuff on her dresser. She threw it on the floor and smashed it with her foot. I envisioned his neck under her shoe.

After a quick online search, we found a hypnotist at the local college, and he takes us through a process to de-hypnotize the two of us. He assures us that we will not remember anything that happened while we were under. Yeah, go it!

A few weeks later, Elle tells me that her ex is going to be in town again, and that she has invited him over for dinner Saturday night. "I have plans for him," she tells me. Friday after work she asks me to leave the house early the next afternoon and to return quietly at 9:00PM sharp. She needs to get him right where she wants him. I ask no questions. Redheads have mean streaks.

After wasting the day at local bookstores and the library, I quietly enter the house at 9PM. She comes down the stairs, naked breasts bouncing under her robe as she takes each step, and calls me upstairs with a wag of her finger. I willingly follow her barely covered ass up the stairs.

In her bedroom is her ex-husband, tied to a chair in the corner, naked, sporting a nice boner between legs that are tightly bound together at the thigh, knee and ankle. On the bed is another woman, who I do not know, and she is also naked.

Elle begins to speak to her ex. "Now that Joseph is here, I can tell you what I have planned for you tonight. First, we found someone to remove the spell, or whatever the fuck it was, that you put on us. So that shit is over. Tonight is all about revenge. And it starts with you watching your #1 fantasy, your now ex-mistress and ex-girlfriend, Mona, and I will entertain you boys."

Seems he fucked her over as well. Asshole times two.

Elle asks me to sit on the other chair in her room as she takes her robe off, and tells me to be patient. "You are about to have an experience that will exceed any fantasy in that head of yours, my friend."

"I don't know about that, Elle. You have no idea how I have fantasized over the last few years" I respond as I take my seat, remaining fully dressed.

She lies down next to Mona and the two begin to make out, kissing each other with open mouth kisses like they are long lost lovers. Hands soon find breasts with the caresses that only women know how to give. Elle soon begins to kiss and suck Mona's firm nipples, drawing them into even firmer nubs of flesh. She kisses her way down Mona's belly and down her right leg all the way to her foot where she begins a sensuous foot massage on the right foot, and then moves her hands to the left foot. She works up Mona's calves to the inner knee, where she begins to intersperse soft kisses with her massage, kisses on one thigh with hands on the other and then she alternates sides. She spreads Mona's legs apart as she works her way toward her womanhood, which, like Elle's is devoid of pubic hair.

As her lips find the most sensitive parts of Mona's anatomy, I rise and begin to take off my clothes, because I have the hard-on of my life, and want to be ready when the ladies want me. Elle hears me moving, and flashes me the wanton smile of a woman who knows she is going to have a wonderful time.

She goes back to the pussy in front of her, pulling the lips apart so that she can taste the nectar that is Mona's. As Mona begins to moan more intently, she caresses her own breasts and begins to pinch her nipples, adding to the oral stimulation between her legs. Elle adds two fingers to the moist slot she is working into a frenzy, and begins to massage the top inner wall of Mona's vagina while kissing and sucking her clit. Two deep breaths from Mona and she loses it, squeezing her nipples and arching off the bed as Elle takes her to and over the summit of an orgasm. Elle keeps her mouth attached to that smoldering pussy for another minute or two, rubbing Mona's belly as she comes down from the peak of her experience. Elle turns to me, and I see her face aglow with Mona's wetness. She walks over to me, her own nipples tight with passion, and kisses me with an open mouth. I taste Mona on her lips and tongue, and I love it. I begin to lick her face to get more of Mona, and then return to the kiss. It lasts for a while, with me wrapping my arms around this vision of lust so that I can reach her glorious ass and caress those cheeks while her large breasts rest against my chest. As she finally breaks the kiss, she looks at her ex and says, "Fantasy number one is over; I hope that you enjoyed it. I know that I did! Fantasy number two is ready to begin!"

She sits me down again and tells me that I have a role in this one, and to be patient a little longer. I do as asked, as I am not the author of this act of revenge, just a willing participant. She returns to the bed and shares a few long, open mouth kisses with Mona before Mona begins to caress and kiss Elle's breasts. I am watching a virtual repeat of the treatment that Elle gave Mona earlier, as Mona begins kissing her way to Elle's womanhood. She does not bother with Elle's legs and a foot massage. No, the passion in the room will not allow it. Mona longs for a taste of the woman who took her to the mountaintop. As Mona begins to use her hands to move Elle's legs apart, she looks to me and says, "Her tits need some attention while I drink from her pussy. She told me that you have been dying to get your hands on her tits for years. Please help me by making love to her breasts."

While I have videotaped evidence that I did fondle and suckle those breasts fairly recently, I have no recollection of the event, so I am eagerly off the chair and on the bed doing what I was asked to do. I first lean into her mouth, and share another deep kiss with her as I begin to caress and massage her breasts. Elle's breasts as are full and magnificent as I imagined them all those years ago. She moans into my mouth as I use my hands to stimulate her tits while Mona works on her lower pair of lips. I move my mouth to the valley between her breasts, kissing my way to a place I have jacked off to for far too long. Her areola are rather small for such large breasts, but her nipples are already firm from the sensuality of the event. I draw her right nipple into my mouth and she takes a deep breath, and then another. Mona must be working her magic on the wet pussy in front of her. I move my mouth to the left nipple and massage the right. Her next breath is again deep, and followed in rapid succession by several more and her hands bring my mouth back to hers. She moans into my mouth as her orgasm peaks and washes away. I put my arms around her and hold her closely as Mona joins us in a three way hug.

After her rapture calms a little, Elle sits up in bed and asks her ex, "How did you enjoy that, asshole?" and laughs to herself. He says nothing, but his throbbing boner tells us that he enjoyed the festivities.

"Just keep your eyes open, idiot, because you are about to see Joseph play the lead role in that hot fantasy that we never lived out. And don't cum!!! Or you will regret it!!!"

With that, Elle and Mona got up and placed me in the center of the bed. With Elle on my right and Mona on my left, the ladies start with my first three-way kiss. I lost track of the lips and tongues as they intertwined with mine. Hands on my chest and nipples soon became lips on my nipples, which soon became tongues moving toward my manhood. As the girls shifted to place their lips by my dick, both pussies were within reach of my hands, so I indulged. As the two sets of lips engulfed my cock, my fingers entered two warm, wet places. Up and down, round and round their mouths went while I worked the wettest places my fingers have experienced. If things weren't good enough, they then alternated on my dick, one going up and down a few times only to be replaced by the other doing the same damn thing. FUCK!!! In response, my thumbs were busy seeking and locating their clits, and then their moaning got more intense. As Mona started another climax, she allowed Elle to take me deep into her mouth. Minutes later, as Elle began her orgasm, she reciprocated and lifted off my cock to let Mona have her turn at deep throating. Elle thrust back into my hand and exploded in ecstasy. As she rode my hand, Mona coaxed a huge load out of my cock. When I was done cumming, Mona raised up off of me and approached Elle. Elle went crazy bucking back again on my fingers. Mona went for Elle's mouth, and as they erotically snowballed my cum, Elle went into orbit. Mona's hands were on Elle's tits, working the nipples until Elle asked her to stop. Sensory overload!!! As she collapsed my fingers fell from her pussy, and I brought them to my mouth to taste her pleasure.

Mona had other thoughts and returned to my cock like a wild woman. I still recover fairly quickly, and her oral skills made this even less of an issue. Once satisfied that I was going to stay hard, Mona straddled my pelvis and lowered her wetness onto me, slowly, a fraction of an inch at a time. She groaned the whole time as she filled herself with me and began the sexy dance of intercourse: up and down, back and forth, and up and down, and so on. Her hands went to her own breasts and she pulled on her nipples without regard to anyone else.

Elle, allowed sufficient recovery time, rolled over and watched her new friend for a minute or two, and then came over to kiss me deeply. "Why didn't we do this all those years ago?" she asked.

"Because I was naïve, afraid and intimidated by you and the rest of the swim team girls" I told her, "and I didn't know how to do any of this then."

"Well," she continued, "let's see what you know about eating pussy!" as she threw her legs over my face and lowered her pussy to my lips. As she did so, she replaced Mona's hands with her lips on Mona's stimulated nipples, which drove Mona into overdrive on my cock. The river that Elle's pussy had become was flooding my mouth, but I just drank it all down as Mona worked wonders on my cock. Mona's panting got louder, her movements more deliberate, and she cut lose with an orgasm that gushed all over my midsection. She rode it out and pushed Elle gently away from her chest. She sat on my dick for a minute squeezing me with her vaginal muscles, and with a heavy sigh, disengaged herself from me.

As if scripted, Elle just leaned forward and took me into her warm mouth. She sucked Mona's juices from my dick and began moaning herself. Then she quickly stopped and said "Hey asshole! Watch this!!!" while looking in the direction of her ex. She removed herself from my mouth, turned around and placed her pussy at the head of my dick and slowly lowered herself, ending years of yearning on my part. Never in my life had a woman taken so long to fully insert my cock into herself, and it was clear that she loved every second of it. She quickly pulled up, and repeated the same slow descent time and time again. As she leaned her head back in enjoyment, I reached up and caressed her breasts and nipples. Minutes later, as I gently tugged on her nipples, she leaned forward and put those beauties in my face. I pushed them together so that her nipples were touching, and took both nipples into my mouth at once. Her pussy frantically fucked my cock, but I had other ideas. I sunk my hips into the bed, and as slowly as she fell onto me at the outset, I raised my pelvis up and slowly penetrated her. My cockhead slowly parted her lower lips and entered that warm, wet tunnel very slowly. I withdrew, and pushed in a little faster, and a little faster, and a little faster, until I could no longer increase my speed. Her breathing became labored again and her orgasm hit her full on. As she peaked, I held my cock inside her and filled her with years of pent up cum, squirt after squirt after squirt, and held her tightly to my chest as we shared a kiss that captured years of friendship and the essence of our passion.

As we broke our kiss, she lifted herself off of what was left of my cock and a flood of cum drenched my groin area. We looked at each other and laughed. Mona just stared, licking her lips. As Elle looked around the room, she saw her ex, still strapped to the chair, with his own river of cum between his legs.

"Fucker, I told you not to cum."

"But, I couldn't help myself. That was so fucking hot!"

"Well, you stupid fucker, it could have been you, but you had to fuck that bimbo who you call a secretary, and Mona. And after all of the shit I did for you. Well, here is Act Three of MY fantasy!"

She then walked over to him with an empty glass, and scooped the cum from between his bound legs. She raised the glass to her lips, then motioned like she would pour it over her heaving breasts before again stopping. She then poured the contents over his face, covering him in his own seed. "You always did tell me how sexy a facial was. So, how sexy does that feel, asshole?!?!?!?!"

"Asshole" was released from the chair, told to dress and leave, which he did. Once we heard his car leave, Mona, Elle and I relaxed ourselves to sleep. Elle hasn't heard from the ex for a long time, but the three of us enjoy each other regularly. And Elle and I go to sleep each night in the same bed where we finally resolved years of sexual frustration with a night to be remembered. Finally!