 Ellen and I have been so busy raising our children and meeting our responsibilities that we somehow managed to avoid spending time together for about ten years. We grew distant, but still loved each other. In fact, I have always lusted after my wife. When we were dating, Ellen had a wild side. We made love in cars, on beaches, and in the woods; where a hiker once caught us. I remember it well because Ellen was on top of me and just told the guy to move along as if he had found us picnicking.

Now, even at forty-two years of age, she is still pretty hot. She works out every other day and has an amazing figure, which is accented by a nice flat midsection, round firm thirty-four C-cup breasts, and a pert butt. 

I work out too and despite my age of forty-eight, I am a pretty solid six-foot, one hundred eighty pounds. All this caring for our bodies, yet Ellen and I didn't get to enjoy them very much anymore. A little weekend trip to a hotel near Philadelphia changed all of that.

Our family was accompanying our older son Mark, twelve, to a lacrosse tournament. We arrived at the hotel early Friday afternoon to settle in, but the first thing the kids wanted to do was to go in the pool. We all changed and took the elevator to the Club floor to go for a dip. You had to pass through a fitness area to get to the atrium housing the pool. The pool was round and only about thirty feet across, so there wasn't a lot of room to swim.

Ellen is much more conservative nowadays and you would never know what a great figure she has. But even in her modest one-piece suit, there was no mistaking the shape of her breasts and her nice round butt. 

After playing around in the pool a bit, I told her, "I'm going to exercise in the fitness area."

"Bored?"

"Mostly." I answered.

"Ok, I'll stay with the kids for a while, then it's your turn." Ellen bartered.

"That's a deal." 

I was doing some arm curls when Ellen came into the foyer and said something that I couldn't hear. I motioned her closer, but being modest, she protested, "I'm only wearing a bathing suit". 

A couple of other guys were exercising and heard her as well. 

"Everybody can see it in the pool too, what's the difference?" I called over to her. Ellen's reluctance seemed to cause a change in my thoughts. I wanted to see these guys check her out.

"Ellen, I just strapped myself into this exercise machine. Come over hear so we can hear each other better." 

"Ok." She reluctantly wandered over to me. 

She looked great in that suit as her breasts stuck out above her nice flat abs. I heard one of the guys give just a slightly audible whistle. They thought she was hot. It stirred something up in me. "Ellen, you look really good in that suit."

"I gotta agree with you bro!" Piped up one of the guys.

I wasn't upset. I was actually pleased because these guys reminded her how attractive she was. I later found out that the two guys were friends and had come for a weekend at the hotel; just to get away from the same old places they frequented back home in Delaware. The guy who said it was Ray. He was about five-foot eight and had a Spanish accent. 

"Thank you." Ellen answered, trying to subdue her embarrassment. Then she turned the subject back to me.

"Dan, can you watch the kids for a while, I want to go back to the room to unpack a few more things."

"OK. Let me finish up and I'll come over." 

As she walked away Ray said, "Damn Bro, you're do' in alright." 

I laughed and said, "Not really. We don't get much time together." 

"How's that?" He replied.

"Kids," I responded, "You'll find out someday." 

Ray then gave me the kind of philosophy you can only get from the street, unfiltered by responsible adult behavior. "Damn Bro, how the hell you think you got those kids in the first place!" We all laughed and I realized he was right. I had this hot wife and was missing the party.

By the time I went back to the pool, Ellen was back in the water again.

"I thought you were going back to the room?"

"I got cold standing out there." 

"I noticed," I said as I stared at her nipples, "They did too".

"That's why I didn't want to go out there in my suit!" She nudged me with her elbow.

"Hey, I'm ok with that. I thought it was kind of flattering how those young guys looked at you.

"What's gotten into you?" She said dubiously. 

"I think the problem is ME not getting into YOU enough!" I playfully lowered one of her straps. 

"Not in front of the kids." She reprimanded me.

"Ok, let's come down later while Mark's at practice then."

"Dan, it's still a hotel pool." She warned, but I could see she was smiling. For some reason, Ellen is always a little more playful when we are away from home. 

Both our kids went to Mark's practice, which left us time to return to the pool. It was about five in the evening and there wasn't anyone in the fitness area or the pool atrium. I imagine most guests were getting ready for dinner. 

I told Ellen what Ray had said and how I agreed. "We need to enjoy each other more."

"I always enjoy our time together Dan, we just don't have very much."

"We do now."

"What are you thinking?" She said cautiously.

"Well, nobody's here to see us." 

"It's a hotel pool!" She warned.

"Yeah, but we'd hear anyone coming. They'd need to come through the fitness room first, then into the atrium. Just a little fun." I said with a devilish grin as I reached behind her and pulled her suit into the crack of her ass. Her ass cheeks looked great in the 'insta-thong'. Then I pulled both straps down her shoulders. To my surprise, Ellen didn't resist much. I loved it when she was playful; it reminded me of our dating years.

As we played around, her suit slid down until it rested just above her nipples. She looked very sexy with most of her breasts showing. 

"Ellen, you are so damn sexy! When did you become so shy about your body? You used to show it off pretty well, if memory serves me." 

She just gave me a 'what is going on with you?' look. But I could tell she liked the attention.

I wanted to see those tits, so I swam up behind her, reached around the sides of her suit and pulled down her top. She happened to be facing the entrance hall to the fitness area. I took a step back and said "don't move!" Surprisingly, she didn't! I stared at her bare back curving down to her hips, ponytail pointing down the contour of her backbone. Her round tits were slightly visible even from behind. My dick nearly popped out of my suit.

"Are you crazy?" Ellen yelled. "I'm facing the hall? Do you want someone to see my boobs?" 

I quickly responded, "Yeah, maybe?"

She spun around, her large round tits staring at me, water from her hair slowly rolling down those slopes. Her face looked different now, kind of flush. I stepped closer and slid all my hands down her tits, over her nipples, and then circled under them. I leaned forward as we opened our mouths and searched each other's tongues. She reached down, freed my cock from my suit, and took hold of it. I ran my hands up her sides and around her tits as she jerked me off until a spiral of cum rose into the water. As we watched my semen floating away, we heard voices echoing down the hallway from the fitness area.

"Someone's coming!" Ellen said as she quickly lowered herself into the water and pulled her top up. 

"That was me." I joked.

A woman and two men entered the pool atrium. As my wife recovered and turned towards the steps, I stopped her from fixing the panty of her suit, "You look great in a thong." 

Ellen started up the steps on the right side of the pool as the three people waded into the pool on the left side. As she rose out of the water, I saw one of the guys signal the other by tilting his head towards my wife. Her suit was totally pulled up into her ass cheeks. Those two firm cheeks wiggling back and forth as she went up the steps. I followed her and raised myself out of the pool. "Those guys are staring at your ass." I kept her back to the pool, so that they got a good look. "No, don't turn. I like them admiring you." I gave her a quick kiss. Her skin felt warmer than usual.

"Dan, what's gotten into you?"

"Just thinking about our first few years together and how you still look as gorgeous as ever."

The events at the pool made us pretty horny that night. After the kids were asleep, we tried to keep quiet under the sheets, but we were both too active. So we went into the bathroom and turned on the shower to drown out any sound. We quickly undressed what clothes remained and started kissing and fondling. My fingers found their way to the moist area between her legs. 

"My turn." I said as I lifted Ellen onto the vanity. I raised her knees to her chest as I continued kissing her. Then I leaned my face between her legs and rolled my tongue over her clit, down the lips of her pussy and back up again. She drew her knees even wider to allow me full access. 

It didn't take long for her to cum as she tried to muffle her voice, "Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmhhh!"

"Me thinks you liked exposing your body today." I chimed in. She didn't answer, but whatever the reason, her eyes were all lust and her mouth was still open in pleasure.

The next day, after the lacrosse tournament, the team took the kids to a party at Pizza Hut. Ellen and I went back to the hotel. We had the room to ourselves for a few hours, so I was surprised to hear Ellen say, "Let's go to the pool for a while."

Maybe she wanted to get me going with a little more exhibitionism first. Or maybe she wanted to get HER going. Either way, I quickly agreed and once again found the pool area vacant and quiet. Ellen didn't put up much of a fight as I slid her straps off and pulled her one-piece suit down around her hips.

"Come get me!" She toyed as she pushed me and swam away. I chased her to the side of the pool facing the hall to the fitness area. She stood up. Her tits were clearly visible to anyone coming down the hall.

"That's it, show off those tits. It's really turning me on. Are you getting as horny as I am?" 

"Yesss." She whispered.

"Because someone might see you? Is that why? Exposing your tits IS turning you on!" 

Ellen nodded shyly, which made me want more. I pushed her suit down her legs. As I kneeled down to help her step out of it, I licked the little dent at the top of her ass. She leaned her ass back in anticipation of my next move, but I wanted to enjoy the exposure more. I either surprised or disappointed her when I said, "Let me see you swim".

She lay back slowly, as her breasts cut two eddies in the water. She did a backstroke and I watched each breast rise up and fall as her arms reached behind her head and then circled down through the water. She reached the other side and swam back under the water, her heart shaped ass shimmering in her wake. She stayed below the surface, grabbed hold of my shorts, and pulled them down. My cock sprang up as the trunks slid down my thighs. She stood up, water pouring off her hair, down her shoulders, and over her tits and said, "Like what you see, huh?"

"Very much." I nodded my head as Ellen turned and dove in again. Her ass came up high out of the water and I saw a flash of her pussy as she jackknifed below the surface. 

I watched her swim, but in my stupor my other senses must've shut down because I suddenly noticed other voices. I looked toward the fitness area and saw Ray, the guy I met exercising on Friday. I don't know why I did what I did next, but I got excited at the thought of Ellen being caught skinny-dipping. I waved to Ray. He looked over as I put my finger to my lips gesturing "Shhh!" How he knew WHY I did that, I'm not sure. But he and his friend quickly tiptoed into the pool area in anticipation of my little surprise.

I was afraid Ellen would see them coming and yell for her suit. I had to think quickly, so when she surfaced on the opposite side I shouted, "First one across!" and dove toward her. She dove towards me and we passed each other underwater.

I grabbed her arms as we passed each other and wrestled with her to slow her down. I popped up on the far side of the pool just before I heard Ellen say, "OH my!" Her tits broke the surface and bobbed up once before she lowered herself down again. She didn't know where these two gawking guys had come from. The guys could see her body in the clear water as she squat down and put her arms across her chest. 

"Sorry Bro. We didn't know you two were having a private party." Ray said.

Ellen spun her body toward me with a quizzical expression before realizing who he was. She was now turned toward the middle of the pool, her legs tilted under her body as if sitting, arms crossing over her chest with her hands barely able to cover her ample tits. 

"Our fault Ray. We thought we were alone. Sorry Ellen, I should have been watching." I acted contrite.

She motioned for her suit as I slowly moved across the pool towards her. I threw the suit to her, but aimed high. 

I thought she would watch it sail over her head, but in her nervousness she reacted by reaching up for it. There, for a few seconds, was MY wife with her arms in the air and her gorgeous tits displayed before these two strangers. Her tits hung down like two perfectly shaped eggplants, her midsection curving down into the water. 

"Damn Bro, you are a lucky dude, she is fine!" Ray blurted out.

Ellen looked at me with a 'How could you?' stare as she sunk back below the surface, arms crossing over her breast.

"I'll get it!" I said to Ellen as I started across the water.

Meanwhile, I responded to Ray, "I've been trying to tell her that for years!" I could tell that Ellen was surprised at how casual I was about her nudity in front of these two guys.

As I slowly moved towards the other side of the pool to retrieve Ellen's bathing suit the other guy, Deke, ran over to pick up it up where it had landed on the deck. I thought he was going to throw it to me, but he looked down at her and walked over to the edge of the pool.

"Here you go Miss". 

Ellen turned back toward me, but I motioned for her to go get it. Her eyes widened with a look of 'Are you crazy?' 

"Better get it." I prompted. 

Her jaw dropped as her face lit in surprise then suddenly turned indignant. She turned towards him saying, "FFFine!" She gracefully moved to the edge of the pool her hands still covering her breasts in vain. She looked so sexy, her naked back and round ass facing me, as she stood facing the guy. Ray mouthed a 'Wow' as the other guy's jaw stood gaping. He reached down to hand her the suit as she reached up with her left hand. Her right hand was draped across her left tit, her right elbow squeezed over the right tit, the nice round bottoms of those large tits on display to him. Ellen took the suit and turned away from him. Ray was still watching from the side as she tried figure out how to get her legs in the suit without letting her tits dangle freely in the water in front of her. 

From my position I watched both tits swaying in the water as she reached down to get the suit under her feet. From Ray's position, he could see her long back arching down into the water, left tit bobbing up and down. The guy behind her could see her back curve down into the water as her hips spread out into a perfect heart shaped ass. Ellen looked at me and noticed my cock bobbing straight out towards her, as I made no attempt to retrieve my suit or help her. I knew she was really horny before, but wondered now if the embarrassment or the exposure were winning over. 

Ray noticed my reaction and blurted out, "Bro, put that thing away before you hurt someone!" 

Even Ellen laughed at that. It was apparent that she was having a difficult time getting that tight suit up over her hips as she wiggled her ass left and right in the effort. Deke, the guy behind her, was watching her and licked his lips as he looked over at Ray. 

"Ellen, you're showing these guys more trying to put the suit ON. Just leave it." She looked at me with a blank stare. "Ellen, they've already seen everything they can see." 

"And you don't mind?" Her indignance grew, but her face was flush with excitement.

"No." I replied as I came closer so that just she could hear me. "Besides, we'll never see these guys again, so let's pretend we're on a nude beach somewhere. What's the difference? Besides..." I said while looking down at my bobbing cock, "It seems that somebody down there likes it a lot." 

She sang out "Oh-kay-ay!" in a tone of 'If you say so!'

"I can't get this thing back on!" She said so they could hear her.

She dropped her arms in frustration and stood up, letting the suit drop back down her legs. Ray was busy appreciating her magnificent profile then tried to ease the tension. "Hey, sorry to mess up your gig Bro!" 

"It's ok Ray, I'm just embarrassed that we got caught." 

"Damn, Miss, you've got NO reason to be embarrassed!" After a pause he added, "Hey, if it makes everyone feel more comfortable, we can drop our suits too; kind' a make things even."

Ellen raised her eyebrows incredulously when I said, "Sure, fair is fair." 

The guys had their shorts down in about 2 seconds. I noticed my wife's tongue gently break the plane of her lips when Ray's cock bounced out as he lowered his suit. He was about seven inches long. Both guys were in good shape with muscular shoulders, thick chests, and tight abs. My wife's eyes opened wider as she looked. 

I whispered to her, "Shit, look at those guys! Good to be twenty isn't it?" 

"Yeah." She said distractedly.

"Guys, we're bound to get more company. We're all going to get thrown out of the hotel." 

"No problem there." Deke wandered over and figured out a way to close the door to the Atrium. Then he blocked it with a planter.

"Dan, this is way out of line for us." Ellen warned.

"I know, but I'm really turned on by you being nude in front of them. As a matter of fact, you'd better swim around now, because my cock is so hard, I don't think it's safe for you to be this close."

"Why, you wouldn't fuck me right in front of them?" She said as her expression suddenly changed. I hadn't seen that look in her eyes in years.

"You get too close and I might not be able to control myself."

"Dan, before now, I would never believe you would go that far." She studied my eyes. "But you really would, wouldn't you?" She said amazed. Then her eyes narrowed seductively and lips pressed together.

"I can't explain it, but yes." I admitted. After a pause I added, "Would you?"

Ellen gave me a very sultry look, then reached down and gave it my cock a squeeze before sinking down into a breast stoke.

I moved toward Ray and his friend, "Swimming?" 

Ray mused, "Just taking in the view, Bro." He watched her swim and added, "Hey dude, thanks for the show. I thought she was uptight? What the fuck changed so quickly?" 

"I just took your advice Ray." I replied. 

"Shit, you wanna come clubbing with us and tell me what the fuck I said?"

"Guys," I said suddenly being serious. "Whatever happens, don't go overboard. OK?"

"No problem bro, what are you thinking? You want to nail her right here? Hey, we'll go guard the door for you."

"No, that's okay."

"Shit bro," Ray raised his eyebrows, "I'm willing to watch you do that beautiful lady anytime. But don't be pissed if I start beating my meat. There just so much I can take."

"I'm not saying it will happen, but if it does, just follow my lead." After some joyful minutes of watching Ellen swim around I called to her, "Come here. Take a break."

She swam within about eight feet of the steps leading out of the pool. We were all sitting there admiring her as she popped up out of the water and walked toward us without trying to cover anything. I could tell she was enjoying this. When she got to the steps I grabbed her hand, stopping her right in front of the guys. Her gorgeous tits were on display two feet from their eyes. They stared at her beautiful breasts, sloping like twin "J's", rounding out at the bottom, and curving back up to erect one-inch nipples. Ellen looked down at their taught bodies. I watch as both Ray and Deke lowered their eyes down along her tight abs and focused in on her pussy, just inches above the water. I thought she'd continue up the steps, but to my amazement, she didn't move. She took that moment to stare down at their cocks. 
