 The weather was warming up, spring was in the air, Ellen and I decided to take more time off and spend more days together. Our sex life really picked up after the episode in Philadelphia (See Ellen's Weekend). The events of that weekend left a lasting impression on Ellen and I. Not only was it our first 'group' interaction, but it also left us wondering where to take that experience. One thing was certain; we were both downsizing our work schedules and spending more time together.

After seeing Ellen's sexual outburst, I was dying for another encounter. We didn't want to get into the swinging scene and Ellen really wasn't one who would initiate an encounter. We would need a situation that was more spontaneous; something like a planned or scheduled meeting brought too much apprehension with it. The only way it would ever happen again is the way it did that weekend at the hotel, but until we found ourselves in that situation again, we would take advantage of our re-born appetites. 

Ellen has a tremendous body for a woman of thirty-eight; flat abs, round pert butt, strong thighs highlighting shapely legs, and round firm 34-C breasts. Her face shows no sign of her age and is framed in long dark hair. Since the hotel encounter, she has been much more comfortable being nude around the house whenever we are alone or when the house is empty. That, in turn, has led to lots of role playing encounters where I pretend to be a delivery person, a painter, or anyone that may find Ellen at home in various states of undress. Whenever we played the game the typical conversation would be something like:

"Hey sexy, I'm coming home early, any 'surprises' I should know about?"

"Well, someone is coming over to fix the AC. It's getting kind of HOT lately."

"Anything I should handle?"

"No, he'll handle everything." She put such an emphasis on 'every'.

Then I would arrive home and Ellen would let me in wearing a short flimsy shower robe or towel. She would point out the air vents, making her robe lift above her ass, or lean down to pick something up, letting her boobs fall out of her robe or letting the towel slip open. She would always drive me crazy, leading to some really steamy sex. 

It would also have me fantasizing over the prospect of someone else really catching her almost nude at the door. One time, I asked her to role play a FedEx pickup where I'd find her just coming out of the shower. I called for a real pickup the same day, but the guy came late. If he saw what I saw when I got home that day, he would've come earlier! 

An event very similar to the FedEx scenario was the impetus for our latest group sex encounter. I had kept in touch with a former co-worker of mine for a few years after he had moved to another job, out of state. Jay and I were good work buddies and tried to meet a few times a year. I always thought he had a thing for my wife because he'd always give her a kiss hello and a kiss goodbye whenever they met. That wasn't unusual for some people, but the hug that accompanied it seemed to be. He always managed to press his chest against hers even though he was much taller. The hug would last a good five seconds. Ellen sometimes looked over to me, but I'd shrug it off as "no harm, no foul". Ellen once commented that he probably did well with the ladies, so I took that to mean she thought he was attractive.

Jay had called me because he was going to be nearby for about a month or so. He told me it worked out that another buddy of his was out of the country and was letting Jay use his home. It was good to hear from him and we arranged to meet at a driving range near my house. For some reason, the thought of coming home to my wife almost nude at the door intersected with the thought of getting together with Jay. Hmm, I thought, it's not like he lives here anymore - he might just be the right candidate for my little fantasy?

I called Ellen and purposely confused the situation to cover my bases.

"Hey beautiful!"

"Hi Dan, what's up?"

"I'm going to be meeting with my friend Jay this afternoon. He's in the area and I told him we'd hit a few balls over at Bear Creek and share a beer."

"Oh, okay, how's he been?"

"Good, he's been busy with work, so he wanted to make sure we caught up with each other."

"So, you'll be home late?"

"No, I'm leaving at lunchtime. I want to stop home to change, then meet him at about two o'clock at the range."

"Alright, I'll be here. Do you want a quick snack to hold you over?"

"No. I'll be okay. Unless you're the quick snack!" I added freshly.

"Well, it doesn't sound like you have much time."

"I always have time for that kind of snack!"

"Okay, I'll see if I have time to make you something." She said daringly.

I was hoping that 'something' would be a naughty surprise from Ellen. I was also hoping that Jay would be with me when it happened. 

An hour later, I met Jay at a convenient spot and told him to come with me and that I'd drive him back to his car later. I placed a call to Ellen along the way.

"I should be home in fifteen minutes. I'll just drop my stuff at the back door. I'll hit the range with Jay about thirty minutes later." I left out the fact that Jay was with me! "Seeya soon sexy, I whispered into the phone."

"Sure will." She answered.

My heart raced with that answer. I didn't know what would happen, but I wanted to see Ellen's reaction as much as Jay's. We parked in my driveway and came around the back of the house, where an extra wide sliding glass door waited for us. I could see that it was open onto the patio and knew she would be there, hopefully in some state of undress. My erection grew rapidly as the situation unfolded.

"Jay, I forgot something in the car, wait for me up at the door."

"Alright Dan." I knew Jay would go ahead for his 'hug'. This was going to be a moment none of us forgot.

I watched as Jay approached the door. Ellen was just inside the dining room with her back to the door, wearing nothing. She was holding a towel around her head with both hands, beads of water still sprinkled over her skin from a very recent shower. Her long back narrowed from her shoulders and curved out beautifully at her hips, her firm round ass centering the picture. I saw Jay's mouth drop open and he stared at her at good minute as I stood a few yards behind him. Ellen started to turn and Jay blurted out

"Holy shit!"

Ellen quickly twirled around, her arms still holding the towel above her head. She stood there displaying a full frontal. Her tits sloped down to her hardened nipples. Her pussy was shaved into a thong shape but the lips were puffy from the excitement. 

"Oh my God! Jay! What are YOU doing here?" Ellen pulled the towel off her head and draped it across the front of her body, but she didn't move away from the door. 

"Where's Dan?"

"He's uh, um, right." Dan couldn't finish his words and pointed his thumb behind him as I walked up behind him still holding my jacket, briefcase, and a gym bag.

"Hi Ellen, I'm right ... What the! Why are you? I pretended to be just as surprised and didn't finish my sentence.

"I thought you were coming home alone!" Ellen repented.

"Sorry Dan!" Jay said to me as I passed by him racing over to my wife. "Sorry Ellen."

Ellen couldn't get the towel around herself without flashing some more, but finally managed to knot it. 

Unbelievably, and showing no regard to the situation, Jay went over to get his hug, even after what had just occurred.

"Well, um, anyway. Hi Ellen. How are you?" He hesitated on where to put his hands, then curled his arm around her back, putting his hand against the towel. He pressed his chest against hers in his customary way. I wasn't sure if it was the surprise at what he did, but Ellen's eyes grew large with the hug. As he turned, I could see his erection through his kaki shorts. I saw Ellen put her hand down and touch her hip, I think because she felt his erection!

I turned to Jay. "Look, give us a few minutes to regroup."

"Sure. Go ahead." He said happy to watch Ellen in just a towel. When she turned to follow me out of the room, the side of the towel facing Jay was open from where she held it under her arm and widened until her entire hip and leg were bare. He cocked his head and mouthed, "Whoa." as I looked back at him.

Ellen and I moved into the hall. 

I thought you were meeting him later!" She whispered loudly. 

"I'm sorry, I thought I let you know we were together when I called from the car. Oh no, you were planning on surprising me today?" 

"Yes, you dope! Don't you remember talking about it this morning?"

"Yeah, but once the golf thing came up, I didn't think we were still on." I looked down at her tits spilling out above her towel. "Oh god, you look so hot too. I wish I wasn't going now."

"What about your guest?"

"Let him wait!" I said mockingly as I put my hands gently to her face and kissed her lips. Then I slid my hand down her body and over her breasts. 

"Oh God, don't do that, I'm already worked up waiting for you."

I slid my hand down her hips and moved them to her behind, pulling her toward me. "Mmm, you feel so good."

"Dan, he's right in the other room." She pushed back.

"So?" I said showing that I did not want to waste the moment.

"I don't think you want your friend hearing us having sex after he's just seen me nude."

"We'll be quick."

"It's not that! If he hears us after what he just saw, you might as well just invite him to watch!"

"Now there's an idea!"

Ellen looked at me and realized that I might just do that. She wasn't ready for that, but the thought made her face change to her fuck me look. She opened her mouth wide and swallowed my tongue. Just as quickly she ended the kiss and pushed me away.

"Maybe another time. Go take care of your guest."

"But!"

"Later, shoo now. I have to put some clothes on."

I pulled her towel off as she turned to go. Ellen let out a little shriek, followed by a laugh.

"Give me that!" she said and I didn't move. "Okay!" Ellen said precociously as she walked back past the entrance to the dining room. Jay, hearing the entire exchange, perched himself facing the hall and watched Ellen walk by completely nude once again. Noticing him standing there, she stopped and looked at him. "Great. Well, I guess it doesn't matter at this point!" Then she continued down the hall, her cheeks tilting up and down as she walked.

I went back to the dining room finding Jay sitting there with a big grin on his face.

"Hey, don't let me ruin your fun." He said.

"Too late." I quickly replied.

"Man, do you get greeted like that all the time?" 

I just stared at Dan shaking my head and ignoring his comment, pretending to be shaken by the episode. In reality, my erection was killing me.

"Hey, I don't mean this the wrong way, but she's got an amazing figure." He continued. "She could make a ton dancing."

"Thanks Jay, but can we move on? It's kind of embarrassing."

"Sorry."

"No problem. Let me go change and we'll get back to our day."

"That already made MY day. Actually, my week!"

"Jay, she's right down the hall. Cool it, huh?"

I went back into the bedroom. Ellen had on only her panties and was putting on a top.

"Well, you made his day, that's for sure."

"I heard. I could've made yours."

"Yeah, well, believe me, I'd have liked that. Can I get a rain check on that?

"Maybe." She teased.

"You DID look pretty damn hot in that towel."

Ellen paused, but then turned to me. "You liked what happened, didn't you?"

"Well, it was a pretty amazing site, especially with Jay standing there. I have to admit, I'm pretty worked up over it." I pulled on my shirt, kissed her, and headed back to the dining room.

Ellen came out just as we were leaving wearing a tank top and denim shorts. She still looked hot. Jay certainly took notice, probably trying to picture her again without them.

"Are you both coming back here?" Ellen asked.

"No, I'm bringing Jay to his car right from the range." I wasn't sure, but I thought she looked disappointed.

"Sorry again, Ellen." Jay said sullenly.

"It wasn't YOUR fault, Jay." Ellen said staring hard at me.

"Well, it was good to see you again." Then Jay realized what he said. "Oh no, I meant. Ah, I'm so stupid sometimes." 

Ellen and I looked at each other and I broke out laughing, which lightened everyone up.

"Yeah well, you guys all have that 'stupid' problem." She said as she gazed at me. "Now go have fun you two."

"Not as much fun as staying here." Jay whispered to me as we headed out the door, just loud enough for her to hear.

Jay and I had a pretty good time hitting some golf balls, but he certainly couldn't get that vision of Ellen out of his head.

"Dan, you are a lucky bastard. I wish I could come home to that!"

"What, you? I hear that since your divorce you're doing just fine with the ladies."

"Yeah well, any time you want to trade, let me know."

"Don't think so. You'd have to come back with Angie Jolie." I laughed.

"I work for an ad company now, Dan. Suppose I really did bring Angie to your house one day? You'd back down so quickly I'd need a stopwatch to time you." He laughed.

"Jay, it wouldn't be the first time we did it." I said suddenly, partly to fight off his smug reply and partly to see his reaction.

"No fucking way! Not you and Ellen? You let someone else have that hot body?"

"Gee, you really do have a thing for her, don't you?"

"Dan, I wouldn't have a pulse if Ellen didn't get to me. Back at the old job, she was considered the hottest wife, almost every guy in the department, at one time or another, mentioned wanting to get into her pants."

"Oh great. I can't believe I told you. Don't ever say a damn thing to anyone about what I just told you Jay."

"I promise. Wow, you really DID let her have sex with someone else! I though you were putting me on! How did it happen? 

"It was very spontaneous. We were with some friends at a pool and I slipped her suit off in fun. Well, she kept it off, one thing led to another, and I found myself encouraging her. I'm not sure why, but I wanted to watch her. Anyway, ever since then, she's been a lot more active sexually, like what you saw today."

"Geez Dan, next time you're so generous make sure the 'some friends' includes me."

"Jay, I can't believe we're talking about Ellen this way, she's my fucking wife!"

"Okay, sorry!" He paused. "Hey, I'd never do anything out of line, but seeing her in the doorway today and hearing what you just told me? Wow, a guy can fantasize can't he?"

Jay didn't realize that I was having the same fantasy he was at that moment.

We had a few beers and I dropped Jay back at his car.

"How long you staying in the area?" I asked.

"About a month or more. I'm house sitting for my friend Bert. You should come over next time; he's got a great place. He even has a heated pool out back." Jay saw my smirk and realized the connection to the story I told about Ellen. "Hey, I didn't mean it that way. I was just offering ..."

"I know. Hey, maybe we can take you up on it sometime since we don't have a pool." 

I'm sure Jay would remind me often anyway. We shook hands and went our separate ways. As much as it bothered me how Jay was carrying on about Ellen, it also excited me to think about the situation that happened earlier in the day.

When I returned home, there was a sexual tension in the house for the rest of the evening. After Ellen and I put the kids to bed, we barely made it to the bed before I took her in my arms.

"I couldn't get that vision of you, naked at the door, out of my head today."

"So, is that what you guys talked about?"

"Well, we were trying not to, but Jay was pretty fixated."

"So naturally, you went along with the conversation." 

I could tell she was about to admonish me, so I changed my voice and played it up.

"Yeah." I put my hands under the front of her top. "We talked about your tits. About how nice and firm and round they are." I picked her shirt up and lowered my mouth to her breast. "About how much we wanted to lick and suck them." Then I slid my hands down around Ellen's ass. "Then we talked about that nice round ass and how nice it would be to do you doggy style." I put my hands between her legs, stroking her wet pussy. "Then we talked about how nice and puffy your pussy gets when you're excited." By this time Ellen and I were all over each other. "Is that what you wanted to know?"

"Yes!" Ellen pushed me down on the bed and we licked and fucked and slithered all over each other for an hour until we were both exhausted.

We woke up early in the morning and just lay next to each other enjoying the memory of a few hours earlier. Ellen said a few things that I missed in my daydreaming.

"Thinking about last night?"

"Yeah."

"What part?"

"I was thinking that what would happen if Jay found you nude like that but I wasn't home yet to meet him."

Ellen was taken aback.

"I thought you were going to comment on our lovemaking!" She paused. "Anyway, nothing would happen if you weren't there."

"That's great to know, Ellen, but sometimes I do wish that I was a fly on the wall."

"In what way?"

"Just to watch as it unfolds without anyone knowing I'm actually there. It would be such a turn on for me seeing someone else all alone with that delicious body of yours, even for a few minutes." 

"Dan, you're asking for trouble. We don't know what some stranger may do."

"You're right. But what if it weren't a total stranger? Suppose Jay showed up alone yesterday? He's always had the hots for you, but he's a friend, it's not like he'd lose control and jump on you."

I'm not so sure about that." Ellen countered. "You really want to see me prancing around nude in front of Jay?"

"I guess I do, as long as I could somehow watch. I'm sure we'd both be so hot afterwards, we'd have another session like last night!"

"I don't know Dan. Jay knows us. We'll see him again. It could be awkward."

"He doesn't live here anymore so it'd be pretty harmless. Look, he's already seen you once. What's a little exhibitionism between friends? He told me he's staying at a friend's place. They have an in-ground heated pool and he asked me to come over."  

All the while I was moving my hands around Ellen's thighs. She didn't say much and I thought she was just blowing it off when suddenly she turned to me with a naughty grin.

"Look, how about I just go topless to start?" she negotiated. "And only if the situation is right."

That was a good start because once she got going I could probably talk her out of her pants when the time came.

"Deal!" I agreed.

About two weeks later, we headed over to the house Jay was minding. It was around Noon and he greeted Ellen with his customary 'hug'. We all settled down for a few snacks by the poolside. She sat with one foot up on her chair, which made her shorts ride up until you could see the little indentation of skin right where her crotch meets the inside of her leg. For a moment I thought she wore no underwear and was wondering if her sex would show, but then I noticed a tiny strip of yellow bikini, which covered the essentials. Jay certainly noticed and Ellen noticed him looking. 

After a while, we decided to use the pool. Since Ellen wore her bikini under her clothes, she simply took off her shorts and blouse at the poolside. Jay watched mesmerized as she undressed, showing off her tight figure and lots of cleavage. She wore a tiny bikini that I bought for the occasion. When she leaned over to put her shorts and blouse onto a lounge chair, most of her breasts, except for a small triangle of cloth covering her nipples, were prominently on display. I walked over to Ellen's lounger, and held out my hand to her to invite her into the pool.
