 Ellie and her female colleague are out on a work do. Both looking smoking hot in slinky black dresses, catching many admiring glances from the mainly male fellow attendees. It was a good evening with good company on the table as the entertainment went on in the background and the wine flowed.

Your colleague – we'll call her Hannah - was chatting a lot to a male customer, perhaps a few years younger than you and older than her. He looked in pretty good shape, handsome to be fair.

"Who's this?" he asked as you sat back down next to them after popping out for a cig. You are pretty sure he eyed you up and down before you sat down there – a bit rude really but boys will be boys.

You are introduced to the conversation and it's pretty good, although every now and then you do catch him checking both you and her out. I suppose he's only human.

Later you all pop out for a cig and with a few drinks now down you all he asks "so isn't your husband jealous of you going out looking as hot as this?"

"He's fine with it" you reply "knows I only have eyes for him". Nice to be admired though you think and it's getting a bit flirty. The night draws to an end and you and Hannah head back to your room, she is a bit pissed and should probably sober up before heading home.

When you get to the room Hannah asks you "Can I stay in your room? I can't be bothered to travel home now, too far, too late. And I'm a bit tipsy if you hadn't noticed" she giggles.

A bit annoying as you were looking forward to a good night's sleep but a sense of responsibility sweeps over you and you agree. You lie back on the bed as she disappears off to the bathroom. Not quite where she is actually going to sleep you ponder. It's a big double bed I guess.

No sooner had you reconciled this than she remerges from the bathroom naked save for her knickers. As she looks into the mirror at the dressing table you can't help but admire her figure.

Nice bum and legs and.... You realise she is looking in the mirror and can see you studying her body. "Like what you see there E?" she asks and turns to you and then strides towards your side of the bed, you still lying there and her towering over you.

You don't quite know where this is going but then it becomes a little clearer when she leans down to kiss you. Do you stop her? Would Jamie mind? Would he hell! I'll tell him all about it tomorrow while he fucks me. 

The kisses continue and get more passionate. You are actually snogging a mostly naked girl whilst you lie on your back. What's more her hand has now wandered down to your smooth legs, lifting up your dress and her fingers rubbing your panties, right where a very wet patch has formed. 

You like where this is going. 

And where Hannah is going too, she is now down between your legs, kissing your inner thighs and working her way up to your very centre. She gently removes your knickers and you open your legs, inviting her to pleasure you. So pleased now you waxed a few days ago. Was meant to be for Jamie but the more used the better. And for another girl!

She doesn't disappoint as her tongue plunges into your cunt, lapping you up, fingering you gently at the same time. Ecstasy – you close your eyes and arch your back, letting this girl take your lesbian virginity – every so often opening your eyes again to see her long hair between your legs and feel her tongue inside you.

She is good as well. Must tell Jamie about this. It doesn't take too long before her working you with fingers and tongue has you cumming, the first time a girl has made you. She comes back to kiss you gently and you can taste your wetness all over her mouth and tongue. 

You don't have too long to think about how this girl made you cum as she stands up and lets her last remaining item of clothing drop to the floor, then climbs back onto the bed and sits astride your face in the 69 position inviting you to return the favour. Hannah isn't waxed but very well trimmed. 

She is soaking wet too and tastes lovely, your first experience with a girl is better than you could have imagined, you are fingering yourself while your tongue probes her pussy and then plunges in. Hannah is putting in a lot of effort too, rubbing herself against your mouth, you only have to put your tongue out for her cunt to glide against it. 

"Are you going to tell your husband all about this? About how you licked my cunt?" she pants, almost hopefully as your tongue slips against her pussy. You take a breath to reply "he will love every detail" and get back to it. You are really getting her going and might have her cumming on your face in a minute.

H's phone beeps at that moment. "Sorry, I better check that" she says and leans across to the bedside table to read the message, "Oh it's that chap we were talking to earlier" she says "wants to know if he can pop up. Sorry I texted him earlier when I was in the bathroom telling him I was staying. I think he's on his way..."

Oh great. Now you're on your back in a black dress with your kickers around your ankles and a bloke you don't know very well is about to turn up. 

There is a knock at the door and you quickly pull a bed cover over and Hannah grabs a dressing gown and goes to the door to open it. Carrying a bottle of champagne and 3 glasses, he certainly wants to put on the charm. "Were you ladies just turning in for the night?" he asks suggesting he might leave depending on the answer.

"We were just getting settled" answers Hannah for you both "are you going to open that then?" "Champagne or zipper" he asks as you lie back and watch the developing situation and hoping he will just f*** off and let you and Hannah get back to it.

However Hannah has different ideas. 

"Both – you pour and I unzip" and she leads him across to a table where he proceeds to open the bottle of champagne and pour 3 glasses with admirable steadiness as Hannah has let her dressing gown fall to the floor and started to rub his bulge before slowly unzipping his flies. 

He hands her a glass which she takes in one hand while her other deftly pulls his cock out from his zip. Watching this the tingling between your legs that had temporarily subsided was escalating again.

"Let's not forget E" said your new visitor and walked across to the bed to pass you a flute of champagne. You sit up to take it and the bed cover you had pulled up falls away showing you still in your black dress. 

"Going to bed fully dressed?" he asks looking you up and down but then noticing your knickers on the floor raises an eye brow "hmmm maybe not fully dressed" and turns back to H. They are both standing by the side of the bed right above you.

Hannah is now kissing him and gently wanking him off just a step away from you. You don't know quite what to do apart from watch and then as Hannah drops to her knees and starts sucking him off you can't help but allow your own hand to wander down between your legs and play with your wetness while you watch the show.

Hannah is making slurping sounds on his cock and he is now rock hard, they can both see you pleasuring yourself and know you're enjoying watching. Hannah stops sucking him, licking his shaft and balls for a minute, sometimes looking at you with a filthy smile before rising up and leaning across you, still standing on the floor.

"Fuck me" she says and he places his flute on the bedside table before turning to face the invitation and you can tell by the look in H's eyes and then by her breathing that he is inside her, fucking her, right above you.

Her tits are bouncing around as her face moves across to yours, she tries to kiss you in between panting. Being face to face with a girl being fucked is very exciting and the hand she isn't using to support herself joins yours between your legs and she manages to finger you while being fucked.

After a good pounding he pulls out and Hannah flops down on her back at the foot of the bed. She looks up the bed, her view of your open legs and champagne flute in one hand, pulling your pussy apart with the other. 

After another sip himself he removes his trousers and climbs on top of her. You have a great view as you see him enter her slowly and start pumping her again. 

He does have nice big cock you think as watch him inch it into her and you feel their movement on the bed as it begin to rock then bounce, them often bashing into your feet. Both of them frequently looking up at the view between your open legs.

You watch them fuck to climax – think he is cumming, Hannah definitely is – and he then climbs off, big wet cock gleaming in the light of the hotel room, right near your face as he retrieves his flute from your bedside table.

"Enjoy watching that Ellie?" he asks. You don't say anything but smile. 

Hannah answers for you "I think it's her turn now, don't you?"

"I don't think I should" you say "it's cheating on Jamie. Going with you was one thing but having sex with him... No...."

"Call Jamie and ask him then!" suggests Hannah "go on I want to see you get fucked now, you've watched me..."

"No" you repeat but while you do your male admirer is touching himself right next to you, getting erect again. 

"I'll call him for you then" says Hannah and grabs your phone.

Meanwhile I'm at home on my own feeling pretty horny as the last text you sent me said you and Hannah were sharing a bed - clearly to tease me. My imagination is running wild, perhaps my hand is too, when the phone rings.

"Hi Jamie it's Hannah. So here's the thing. Ellie and I just had an ... erm ... 'thing' in bed and she is going to tell you all about it tomorrow. It was very nice" she adds.

"Now we've been joined by this charmer hunk who bought us champagne up to the room in a very shallow attempt to get into our knickers" she continued.

"And the thing is when he got here we weren't wearing any knickers and he fucked me while Ellie watched – and I think she liked it. Now he wants to fuck her but she doesn't think she should. She said the two of you have had fantasies about it before and if I take some pictures while she does, can she?"

My hand is firmly in my own pants now and I say "pass the phone to Ellie"

"Hi babe" I say. 

"Hello".

"Do you want to have sex right now?"

"Yes" you say.

"Does he have a nice big cock for you?"

"Yes"

"Do you want it inside you?"

"If I can't have yours then yes. But I want you to want me to..."

What do I say? If it's No then it pretty much ends here, with a clinking of the glasses, a cheers and a thanks for the evening (and Hannah gets the wet patch as it's your bed).

"Go on then do it" I say.

"I'll leave the phone on so you can hear me" you reply and put it down next to your head. You lock eyes with your male admirer and then without saying a word pull up your dress above your waist and open your legs wide.

Hannah is filming the whole thing with her phone as he places his glass back on the bedside table and then climbs onto the bed, you staring, focusing on his hard cock the whole time. 

Kneeling on the bed between your legs he stops to remove his shirt and throws it to the floor. In good shape you think and then he edges closer to you and you watch intently, your legs wide open, watching that cock that's going to be inside you in just a few seconds.

Not Jamie's cock, the first cock you've had that isn't his in a very long time. How is going to feel? You're about find out.

You feel the head of his dick at your entrance and you whisper to the phone "he's putting it in me now" before gasping as he pushes deeper in. On the other end of the phone I can hear your breathing becoming more intent.

It feels delicious and you reach round and pull him into you, now completely filled up.

"His cock is fully in me now darling" you whisper to the phone again as I wank myself off on the other end.

Hannah is doing a good job as camera-girl too moving around taking it all in.

Now your new lover is starting to fuck you, slowly at first, so you can feel every inch sliding out of you, and then slowly back in again. 

Lying here with another man's cock in you, being filmed so Jamie can watch, is so horny and you begin to lose yourself as he fucks you harder and faster, clearly enjoying how you feel. Even Hannah is touching herself with one hand and filming with the other sitting on the bed.

"I want to see your tits while I fuck you" I hear him say amongst the heavy breathing and you oblige, pulling your dress up further to expose more of your body and satisfy his request.

You feel him get even harder as you do and start fucking you even more forcefully, massively enjoying the full view of your naked body while he pounds you.

I can hear you groaning as the pace increases, both of you panting, the unmistakable sound of Ellie having sex making me incredibly hard.

You can feel he must be getting close as he is fucking you so intensely and fast – and you are close too. What a audio treat Jamie must be getting, can he hear your pussy squelching as he goes in and out? He's not even wearing a condom.

But as you get so close he slows down to a stop, as you both take a breather. Even Hannah looks like she is getting very hot under the collar – if she was wearing one – again. 

Kissing your breasts and then down your tummy he goes until he reaches your pussy and begins to lick you out. So lovely and wet already and he's got a good strong tongue too.

"Now strip off and turn over" I hear him say and you oblige, sitting up while he and Hannah help you get the dress over your head.

Hannah explains the break in noise to me. "Your naughty wife has just taken off her dress and I must say she looks pretty amazing. Now she is getting on her all fours, I think she wants it doggy style"

You are indeed inviting your fuck for the night to take you from behind and he doesn't waste any time pulling your bum upwards, pushing your head down, pausing to admire the view and wiping his wet cock tantalisingly against your waxed arsehole before finding his way down to your cunt and slipping inside to pound you again. 

This time you're both going for it and I can tell from the noise you are making that you're almost cumming, if only he can keep on a bit more. I know the noises Ellie makes.

As I hear you both cum in a mass of noise I do too, it was too much to take on the end of a phone knowing my wife was being pounded and at that exact moment you're feeling a stream of hot cum jetting inside you. And not mine. He pulls out of you and you flop back on the bed. 

Hannah hands the filming phone to your male friend and I hear her say "you film this now" as she rolls across towards you and then goes down between your legs. She stops to admire the cum running out of your hole before going in to lick you out. 

It feels amazing having a girl gently cleaning up your pussy after being fucked so hard, you always told Jamie you'd like that. Now he'll have pictures of it. It's such a wet mess down there. 

The new cameraman is showing increased signs of interest again judging by his stiffening cock, watching one of the girls licking out the other must be such a turn on. You liked watching her blow him.

You pick up the phone, still lying there on the bed despite the bouncing around. 

"You still there darling?" you ask.

"Yeap" I say.

"Did you hear me?"

"Oh yes."

"Good. I wanted you to. Think there is still more to do here, goodnight, I'll tell you what else we do tomorrow"

"Night babe."

Since you picked up the phone Hannah is now sucking off your friend, tasting you on his cock and he has got very hard again. They wave you over.

You tell me how it finishes....