 There was a knock at the door and Ellie's first concern was who should answer it.

She was wearing her short stretch black dress, which Dave loved because it rode up her arse and she was constantly pulling it down all the time, and she wore her black stiletto high heels. The dress showed her curves nicely and had just enough pull to shape her small breasts so she'd gone without a bra tonight and could feel the slightly scratchy nylon shift against her nipples. She'd chosen her flimsiest lace panties and already she could feel the cool of the air conditioning against the damp between her legs.

Dave grinned at her hesitation and made his way over to the door. Ellie was slightly put out by his casual appearance - dress shorts and a light blue shirt that seemed a size too small for him but did show off his muscled arms and shoulders. With a wink at Ellie to soothe her nerves, Dave opened the door to reveal Gino who had at least put some effort into his choice of clothes. Dress black pants hugged a decent package and a slightly oversized mauve shirt with the top two buttons undone revealed a few curls of hair on Gino's chest.

Gino got out a "Hi," before he saw Ellie and she smiled as his eyes slid down her frame and climbed back over her gentle curves.

"Glad you could make it," Ellie cooed and stepped forward to take Gino by the hand and pull him through the door. Gino stepped into her and wrapped his arms around her almost in his usual greeting. But this time he held her just a little longer and his hand slid across her back and paused briefly at where her bra strap would normally have been. Ellie smiled wickedly up at Gino and he gazed down into her eyes with a barely concealed hunger. But he glanced uncertainly across at Dave and began to pull away from Ellie until Dave nodded.

"It's okay," Dave smiled and closed the door behind them. "You can do whatever she wants."

Ellie gently stroked a finger at the patch of chest that Gino's shirt revealed and grinned even wider.

Gino needed no further encouragement and lowered his lips to Ellie's while Dave watched. Ellie pulled herself to Gino, her hands on his chest and savoured the first kiss she'd had with another man since she was a teenager. Gino's kiss was harsher and more demanding than what Ellie was used to from Dave. His tongue explored her mouth rapidly and his arms gripped her firmly but the novelty and the raw desire made her cream. She tried to press as much of her body against Gino as possible and made quick bites of his tongue while the smell of his aftershave filled her mind.

Ellie felt Gino's hand slide up her waist and over her breast and jolt ran through her as he squeezed her nipple. It was too much too soon and she pulled away, panting, and moved to Dave. He raised an eyebrow and she wrapped her arms around him and felt his comforting and familiar frame against her. She kissed him tenderly and he kissed her back and gently chewed her lower lip in that way she loved so much.

"Are you okay?" he asked quietly and Ellie knew in that moment that Dave wouldn't let anything happen to her that she didn't want. All she needed now was to know what she wanted. She grinned. It was time to find out.

"Never better," she giggled and taking each man by a hand she led them to the bedroom. She lined them both up against the bed and kissed Dave tenderly one more time before giving herself over to Gino. This time she met his enthusiastic kiss with her own, mashing her lips and tongue against him and rubbing her soft curves against his solid frame. While his large square hands roamed her body, she hooked an arm behind his head and draped herself over him like a cheap dress. The bulge from his pants pressed between her legs and she rubbed her crotch against him and grinned as he moaned. His hand cupped her arse and she moaned back as she felt her dress beginning to ride up to her hips. She slid her own hand to Gino's shirt and began undoing the buttons, exposing more of the dark hair that covered his well proportioned chest.

Gino groped at Ellie's chest and she felt like a teenager again. But now she wasn't scared and unsure. Now she had Dave. And she had confidence. She pulled the top of her dress down with a quick tug and freed her perky B-cups for Gino who gasped in amazement.

"Damn. They're even better than I imagined." Ellie glowed with pride but Gino realised what he'd said and glanced at Dave. "Not that I..."

"Of course not," Dave grinned. "But they are something, aren't they?" Dave leaned forward and took a stiff nipple in his mouth and flicked it with his tongue. Gino didn't pause and placed his mouth over Ellie's other breast. She threw her head back and groaned at the sensation of having both breasts sucked at the same time. She ran one hand though Gino's short, thick hair and her other though Dave's longer, fairer hair and pressed their mouths harder to her breasts.

It was Dave, of course, who took the hint and gently nipped at her nipple. She gasped at the exquisite pain and moaned as he held her stiff aching nipple between his teeth and flicked it with his tongue.

Meanwhile, Gino released her other breast and squeezed it with his rough calloused hand while he kissed and nibbled her neck. Ellie shuddered in delight and wondered vaguely where Dave's hands were when, as if in answer, she felt her panties being pulled down. Her dress was now scrunched around her waist, her breasts were bare and being sucked adoringly by two mouths and as she stepped out of her undies she felt Dave slide a finger between her legs and over her aching clit.

"Yes," she whispered and Dave spread her outer lips apart. Gino had abandoned her neck and she felt his thick, rough finger slide inside her cunt.

"Christ, she's wet," Gino remarked and Dave mmed in agreement around her nipple.

"We must have got her worked up," Dave commented casually. He had released her breast to speak but she still felt his breath on her nipple. "Usually takes a bit longer than this. She must like you." 

Determined to make sure they knew just how much she liked it, she pushed Gino's finger further inside her cunt and moaned wantonly. She grinned at his expression of surprise and amazement. Nope, she thought, for all his bluster Gino obviously wasn't used to women taking the initiative. It was time to show him a thing or two.

Ellie pulled Gino's finger from her cunt and, holding his dark brown eyes with her own, she sucked her juices from his finger. She almost laughed as his jaw dropped but they were right. She was very wet already.

Ellie slid Gino's unbuttoned shirt from his shoulders and tossed it aside. His chest was covered in a soft mat of fur and she ran her hand over it. She placed two fingers under Dave's chin and brought his lips to hers to kiss him while she continued to stroke Gino's broad chest. Surrounding herself with the two men was intoxicating. But she wanted more.

With a wink and a grin to Dave, Ellie dropped to her knees in front of Gino and undid his belt with practiced ease. She slid his pants and undies down to his ankles and his thick erection sprang free and swayed in front of her lips. Gino's smell was strong and musky but clean, and Ellie leaned forward to wrap her lips around his cock. 

She couldn't believe she was doing this. Ellie was on her knees in front of her husband with her jaw stretched open and his best friend's cock filling her mouth. She slid her tongue over his shaft and around his balls before fitting his girth once more between her lips and sucking on his rigid tool. She bobbed her head and tried to fit more of him into her mouth and he groaned as she feasted on him.

Ellie was dimly aware of Dave pulling his own pants down before moving closer to her and she gladly reached out to stroke his warm familiar cock while enjoying the new sensation of sucking Gino's cock. She moved across a bit to suck on Dave and noted the difference in taste and shape. Dave gasped as she gave Gino a quick hand job and Ellie decided to put on a bit of a show.

She switched back to Gino and filled her mouth with his cock, sucking him until her saliva dripped from her lips and down his shaft and balls. Instead of licking up any of her spit, she switched to Dave and repeated the process there. He moaned in appreciation and when his cock and pubes were soaked in her saliva, she switched back to Gino again. Both men moaned in appreciation and Ellie could feel her cunt almost burning with desire.

Ellie released Dave to start fingering herself and shivers ran up and down her spine as she touched her own clit. God, she was close. Was she dripping on the floor? Dave knelt down behind her and she felt him kiss her tenderly on the neck. He replaced her fingers on her clit with his own and started strumming her rhythmically. Her mouth was full of his best friend's cock and she was going to cum.

Ellie used one hand to steady herself against Gino and her other to hold his cock between her lips. She started plunging his cock down her throat to distract her from the sweet agony burning her cunt as Dave furiously rubbed circles about her clit and then pushed two fingers from his other hand up into her. Gino grabbed the back of her head and started fucking her face but she was too far gone to care. Her orgasm ripped through her and she cried out and sputtered around Gino's cock while riding Dave's fingers. She pushed his fingers even further inside her and squeezed them with her cunt and felt herself get even wetter if that was possible.

As the sweet ecstasy of the orgasm flowed from her she was left with a warm divine glow that filled her body, and was in no way lessened by Dave's fingers slowly stirring her cunt juices or Gino's cock still thrusting into her mouth. She wanted more.

She let Gino's cock pop out of her mouth and leaned backwards to kiss Dave who didn't seem to mind where her lips had just been. A wicked idea crossed her mind. She leaned forward to suck Gino again and let him thrust into her face a few times before leaning back and kissing Dave with a big wet sloppy kiss. She turned back to suck Gino again, then back to kiss Dave. Dave's lips and Gino's cock were only a few inches apart. She grinned lewdly at Dave and glanced at Gino's cock.

Dave frowned slightly and Ellie bobbed on Gino's cock again then kissed Dave once more. As they disengaged, Ellie guided Gino's cock to Dave's lips. He looked at her questioningly but opened his mouth obediently and Ellie gently pushed his mouth over Gino's cock. It was the hottest thing she'd ever seen.

Ellie could see that Gino's cock stretched Dave's mouth wide and she could see Dave's cheeks bulge with Gino's girth. She wondered how she was able to take Gino so easily. She grinned. At least, it felt easy to her. She pushed Dave's head back and forth on Gino's cock and felt him respond slowly. She gripped his hair and started pushing more forcefully and Dave responded with more enthusiasm. As she watched her husband giving a blowjob to his best friend with her fingers wrapped in his hair she suddenly felt the appeal that Dave must have had the few times when she let him roughly fuck her face. She made a mental note to let that happen more often.

Gino grunted and seemed to notice for the first time who was sucking his cock. He looked as if he was about to say something, but Ellie stood up and kissed him passionately. She pushed her breasts to his chest, thrust her tongue into his mouth and wrapped her other arm around his neck to draw him into her. Gino grunted once, as if to put up some token resistance, then relaxed and wrapped one hand around her waist while his other hand fondled her breast.

Ellie glanced back down at Dave who was giving a very good blowjob to Gino. Dave sucked and licked Gino's large knob, before sliding his mouth down the shaft a few times, then licking back up to the tip of Gino's cock again. Gino moaned and Ellie licked her lips as she felt Dave's hair moving under her hand. She may be able to learn a thing or two from Dave and wondered if he'd ever done anything like this before. Or if men just knew what men liked, like women were supposed to know what women liked.

Ellie dropped to her knees and pulled Dave off Gino by his hair. Dave grinned at her, his face a mess of sweat and saliva. She licked Dave's lips clean, then took Gino in her mouth once more. Dave returned to sucking her breasts and she felt her cunt tingling once again. Gino was beginning to shake from her and Dave's blowjob and she wondered if he'd last long enough to fuck her aching cunt.

She pulled Dave from her breast and forced him to suck Gino again. Gino didn't seem to mind at all and Ellie grinned and licked up Gino's shaft to kiss her husband at the tip of Gino's cock. They tongue wrestled each other for Gino's pre-cum and kissed around the head of his cock. Then, with one last kiss for Dave, Ellie pushed Gino backwards to lie on her and Dave's marital bed. It seemed so wrong she couldn't stop herself if she tried.

Ellie climbed atop Gino and wasted little time sliding his cock into her slick cunt. She was still soaking wet and her cunt stretched easily to accommodate Gino's wide cock. It felt so good inside her. She noticed Dave watching her, his fingers slowly stroking his own long cock. Dave had said she could fuck Gino. Well, the least she could do was to give Dave a show as a thank you.

She raised herself up and slid back down ever so slowly on Gino's cock maintaining eye contact with Dave the whole time. Dave grinned as she made a show of moaning when Gino bottomed out inside her, stretching her cunt lips wider than they'd ever been before. She didn't have to play it up much given how intense and sexy she felt. She gripped her breasts and started playing with her nipples, squeezing and pinching them and bringing an exquisite edge to her pleasure.

Gino's hands circled Ellie's waist and he easily lifted her and pulled her back down again onto his cock. Poor Gino wasn't going to last much longer, Ellie thought. She moaned at Dave again, moved one hand to play with her clit and started bouncing on Gino's cock with gusto. Gino matched Ellie's enthusiasm and started hammering up into her cunt. She gasped in pleasure each time his pubes smacked into her and hammered back at him.

It was wild, almost violent, animal sex and as the pain started to intensify, Gino shouted and sank his cock deep into Ellie. She felt his cum flooding her cunt and she rode his orgasm back and forth, squeezing every last drop of cum from the cock of her husband's best friend into her sensitive but hungry pussy.

All too soon Gino's soft cock fell out of her but she wasn't done yet. She kissed him tenderly, then rolled off him onto her back and spread her legs to show Dave her abused pussy and his friend's cum leaking out of her cunt.

Dave needed no prompting but stepped forward and plunged his long cock deep inside Ellie. He had been watching his beautiful wife have the fuck of her life and was himself almost ready to cum.

Ellie was so wet there was little friction but Dave was so close he just pounded her even harder. She felt Gino's cum leak out around Dave's cock and slide down between her arse cheeks. She heard the wet squelching as her cunt sucked Dave's cock in and spurted out bits of Gino's cum. She felt like such a slut and revelled in the pain as Dave hammered her cunt.

Ellie felt her own orgasm begin to rise, but again she was denied as Dave sank his cock into her a last few times and groaned as he came. His cum mixed with Gino's inside her and gushed down her thighs. Dave kissed her passionately and she ran her hands over his bare shoulders and round his gorgeous abs.

When Dave pulled his cock from her, Ellie felt a new surge of Dave and Gino's cum leaking from her pussy. She stopped it with her hand, but the pressure made her realise she still needed to cum again. She scooted down the bed, letting the cum cake her thighs, and started fingering her clit again. And she took Gino's semi hard cock in her mouth and started sucking.

Watching Dave and his wife fucking in front of him had made Gino surprisingly horny again. While he'd always had the hots for Ellie and had fucked her many times in his fantasies, he'd never imagined his best mate fucking her, which obviously happened often. It was like his own private porn channel and seeing Ellie being so wanton and sexual had immediately started to fire him up again. When Ellie's sweet mouth again engulfed his cock, still covered in their cum, he was rock hard again in seconds.

Gino grabbed the back of Ellie's head and started driving his cock into her face. As she felt cum still oozing from her cunt, Ellie realised she wanted cum leaking from her mouth as well. She tried opening her throat and taking as much of Gino's cock as she could. Her saliva mixed with their juices and their smell and she found herself dripping and soaked at both ends. Her eyes rolled back in ecstasy when she felt Dave's hard cock slide into her cunt once more.

Ellie was being fucked like a pig on a spit. Dave had grabbed her hips and was plunging away at her loose cum drenched pussy. Her cunt was on fire as each thrust seemed to burn into her but she just wanted him to fuck her harder. Gino's grip on her hair was like a vice and he hammered her face with his cock. Her jaws were tired and spit seemed to flow from her mouth while Gino's thick cock slid easily between her lips. Ellie's fingers thrummed over her clit and just when she thought she could take no more, Dave slid a finger easily into her slimy cum covered arsehole.

The sensations engulfed Ellie and she started shaking and moaning as her orgasm began to rip through every fibre of her smooth sleek body. She cried out in bliss around Gino's cock and Dave's cock wracked her with sweet pain with every thrust. 

She choked and began to come down from the heady sensation when she realised the men weren't stopping. She tried to cry out around Gino's cock but could only get out a gurgle and Dave's pace increased even more and Ellie realised he was going to cum inside her again. She was about to reach back to stop Dave when she realised how little she'd come down from her previous orgasm and how close she was to cumming again.

Ellie gave herself over to Dave and Gino, a total slut to be used for their pleasure. Dave hammered her cunt while Gino hammered her mouth and she started fingering herself again, her clit so sensitive she felt she could scream in pleasure. She felt Dave grunt and thrust into her one last time and felt his second cum replacing the cum that had leaked from her cunt.

A moment later, she felt Gino's warm cum spurt into her mouth and he cried out as he came. She was aware of the two men giving each other a high five over her. She thought it rather childish but as Dave's cum ran down her thighs, cooling where it touched her skin, and Gino's cum pooled over her tongue and dripped down her chin from the corners of her mouth she couldn't hold back the rising tide of pleasure that engulfed her senses.

As Gino's cock left her mouth she screamed in pleasure and squeezed her thighs together squirting more cum over herself. The intense orgasm exploded through her body and she shuddered and shook before collapsing in a cool wet pile on the bed between the two men.

She was so grateful as she felt Dave slide in behind her and felt his familiar arms wrap protectively around her. She opened her eyes to see Gino's worried face just in front of her own. Such lovely men, she could hardly help but smile. With one hand holding Dave's arms around her, she reached out with the other to pull Gino's face forward the last few inches to hers and kissed him gently on his lips.

"That was incredible. Thank you."

"Anytime," Gino replied, with a cheeky grin.

Dave coughed loudly.
