 We left Eric, Mandy and their au pair Elsa entwined in a deep sleep after their first threesome. They had the weekend ahead of them with so much more to explore. This is only part of their further adventures – it will be left to the reader to imagine what further excitements they may share.

Part One:

Morning broke early for our exhausted lovers. Elsa was the first to awake and gazed with lust over at the cuddling Eric and Mandy with whom she had shared such eroticism the night before. She trembled as she remembered how she felt as she devoured Mandy while being fucked so wonderfully by Eric and how each of his thrusts drove her deeper into Mandy's flowing pussy. She started to grow wet and hot with the memories and decided to steal quietly to her own quarters to shower for the day.

As soon as she finished showering and drying her hair, she slipped on her light silk robe and went to the kitchen to start the coffee. She could hear the shower starting in the master suite and Mandy's giggles as she and Eric showered together. She almost ran upstairs to join them but decided they needed their peace this morning.

She was just standing at the sink waiting for the coffee to finish when she felt a soft warm body pressed against her back and a pair of long feminine arms encircling her waist. As Mandy kissed her on the neck and whispered "Good morning, baby", her hands stole slowly inside the loose opening of Elsa's robe to softly caress her breasts. Elsa leaned her head back on Mandy's shoulder and surrendered to the tender touches as her breasts were cradled and the nipples excited. She could feel her molten core dripping down her thigh as she moaned with pleasure.

"Don't you want coffee or breakfast?"

She was turned around to see Mandy standing naked and glistening with droplets from the shower. "All I want to eat is you" she smiled as she pushed Elsa up onto the edge of the kitchen counter and parted her robe. The robe fell off her shoulders to the counter, exposing her full Nordic beauty to a very horny boss.

Part Two:

Mandy pulled over one of the kitchen stools and sat between Elsa's legs. The young woman placed her feet on the edge of the counter and gladly spread her legs. After the night of pleasuring Mandy, she was ready to experience the feel of a woman's lips and tongue for the first time sine that night so long ago back home with Kristal. She had dreamed of this moment since the day she first laid eyes on Mandy; she was such a sensuous and desirable woman and Elsa had loved giving her so much pleasure last night. But now it was her turn.

She gazed down at the mass of red hair between her spread legs as she first the first gentle breathes cross her pussy. It was a feeling she had lived for and she intended to enjoy every moment of it! Mandy caressed the inside of Elsa's legs with soft butterfly kisses, starting at her ankles, up past her knees and almost all the way to the needy juncture of where her legs met. She bypassed Elsa's burning womanhood and started down the other leg until she was sucking on her toes – one at a time.

Elsa was begging for some release; she had started wet and horny since she first woke up and this was driving her crazy. But Mandy wanted her first taste of her young lover to be very, very special and was in no hurry as she reached up to caress Elsa's right breast while her lips continued their excruciating torture. 

"Please, Mandy! Please stop teasing me!" whimpered Elsa as she squirmed and wriggled her bottom closer to the edge of the counter in hopes of capturing Mandy's tongue where it was so badly needed.

Her torturer placed her hands under Elsa's firm ass cheeks and helped her to lift herself clear of the counter. This gave Mandy access to the crack separating those rounded globes and her perineum. Easy targets for her wandering, hot tongue! As she ran her tongue from the top of Elsa's pucker and up across her sensitive perineum, Elsa began to buck her hips as she began to flow uncontrollably. With her tongue strategically placed at the bottom of the targeted pussy, Mandy was the recipient of a tasty appetizer for what was yet to be. Both women moaned with delight as they squirmed against their respective seats.

Part Three:

Mandy could wait no longer and drove her tongue as hard and as deep into Elsa's hot cunt only to be rewarded with the spraying of her victim's cum. Eric had told her that morning in the shower of Elsa's spraying but until this moment, she had found it hard to believe. Having been proven delightfully wrong, she continued to lap up every drop she could but even with all her efforts, the cum continued to flow and gush over her face and down her chin to coat her breasts and drip to the floor. She shoved the stool away where it toppled to the floor across the kitchen to allow herself even greater leverage to give Elsa more pleasure.

Mandy couldn't believe that one young girl could keep cumming for so long and she delighted in the luck that had brought Elsa into their home and, finally, into their bed. It was all she could do to not miss a substantial potion of the blonde's issue; it was so heavy and thick. But the taste and texture was so amazing, Mandy was a determined woman and acquitted herself well as she drove Elsa to ever increasing heights and screams of pleasure.

It wasn't long before all the noises – the crash of the stool and the moans from the two very busy women - emanating from the kitchen brought Eric to the doorway and he stood there transfixed as he watched his wife's beautiful bottom bob back and forth as she continued her assault on Elsa's streaming pussy. The sight of the young blonde's long sexy legs draped over his wife's shoulders as she pulled the thrashing mop of red hair tighter against her bush was enough for Eric's cock to spring free of his robes and he quickly doffed it as he strode across the kitchen floor towards the interlocked women.

Elsa's glazed over eyes opened enough to see his approach and the firm cock she had been impaled upon the previous night leading the way and she grinned lazily at him. Without touching his wife's hips, Eric guided his rock hard cock into the opening of her pussy and plunged it until he bottomed out. Mandy gasped as she lifted her head from Elsa's pussy and tried to look around to smile at her lover and husband but the recipient of her loving astride the counter pulled her back to her duties by clamping her tightly with her legs and pulling her hair, twisted in one hand. Thus directed, Mandy resumed with her feast while her husband's invasive cock drove her harder and deeper into her young au pair's pussy.

Part Four:

Soon the threesome were moving in perfect sync while Elsa braced herself against the edge of the counter to keep her spread legs tightly clamped about Mandy's head, thus pulling her flat against her aching pussy. After all this attention, she had orgasmed so many times, she had lost count. Her cunt was raw with the attentions she was receiving from Mandy's tongue but she screamed out as she humped the pretty face of her employer as she came one last overwhelming time.

As Mandy's mouth was filled with Elsa's discharge, she herself came with a gush on Eric's cock – now fully imbedded into her as he rammed deeper and harder with each thrust. In the inevitable chain reaction, this drove him over the edge and he flooded his horny wife's cunt with shot after shot of his thick cum until it oozed out from her in frothy bubbles around his shaft.

Exhausted from all the action, Eric and Mandy withdrew and allowed Elsa to slip to the floor; she was so overwhelmed by all the attention received in the past twenty four hours that she almost collapsed on the floor on the kitchen but was rescued by being scooped up in Eric's strong arms. As he held her closely, Mandy leaned in to kiss Elsa fervently as her tongue battled with the recipient and their moans of mutual satisfaction echoed through the kitchen.

"Enough, girls" laughed Eric. "Before I drop our love mate, Mandy, why don't you run up and fill the Jacuzzi so the three of us can get cleaned up and unwind before the next adventure?"

While Mandy ran ahead to start the tub, Eric lowered Elsa to the floor and took her into his arms. As they hugged warmly, they exchanged kisses and Eric whispered into her ear that he still had a surprise for her for later in the day. In spite of her entreaties, he would not give up any details and they walked together to the master bath and the waiting hot bubbling Jacuzzi.

As they entered the bathroom, Mandy was already reclining chin-deep in the aromatic bubbles created by the tub's jets and the fragrant oils she had poured in. She smiled lazily up at the beautiful nudes standing beside the huge tub and muttered for them to join her. Since the tub was sized to easily accommodate five, the three of them had plenty of room to clean and wash each other as well as to start the excitement flowing again. As Mandy lay back against the sloped end of the tub, Elsa lay on top of her and their tits rubbed sensuously against each other as they kissed passionately. Eric knelt between their spread legs and ran the curled fingers of both hands simultaneously into and to the front of the two exposed pussies. As he was able to find both their magic pads at the same time, they both arched into his hands as they rode his fingers and creamed into the warm soapy waters! 

They cried out in release as they were finger fucked by the very turned on Eric. He then finished his ablutions – with much assistance from his 'harem' – and the three climbed reluctantly from the tub to dry themselves on large white fluffy bath sheets.

Part Five:

Since the coffee was by now a forgone conclusion and the threesome were still hungry for more of each other, Eric led his two women to the bedroom where he guided them into a 69 so that they were soon greedily devouring each other. With Mandy on her back with her head pointed to the foot of the bed, this left Elsa with her bum raised invitingly towards Eric as he clambered onto the end of the bed.

In his hand, he carried the tube of lubricant that would make his plans for Elsa be easier on her. She was as yet unaware of his 'surprise'. Leaving the tube of KY on the bed beside Mandy's head where she could see it, he proceeded to kiss Elsa's back as he knelt at the side of the two fully engrossed women. Starting at the nape of her neck, he allowed his talented tongue to travel down her spine until he reached the start of her crack.

With each slow inch of travel, he could hear Elsa's soft moans of pleasure and as he continued down into the crevasse of her sweet firm ass, she spread her knees to allow him greater access. This also served to lower her pussy to Mandy's mouth so she was receiving double the sensations. Eric wondered if she had any idea what was coming shortly. He moved around behind Elsa now and ran his tongue from the back of her slit, along her perineum and around her pucker. She gasped with the heat of his breath in a place she had never been kissed or touched before and pulled away slightly with the shock.

Mandy's hands gripped her thighs to hold them steady and then pushed up slightly on Elsa's hips to elevate her ass. As Eric continued to lave and circle Elsa's clean pucker, she started to relax and feel the first pangs of heat and pleasure. Her sphincter relaxed enough that Eric's tongue slid just inside and she started and jolted back as he sank deeper. With only two additional such invasions, Eric pulled back and returning to his knees, applied some of the lube generously over his index and middle fingers.

Very slowly, he spread some of the pre-warmed gel onto Elsa's anus and then placed his fingers gently against her hole. She tensed for a moment but Mandy whispered words of assurance and comfort until she relaxed with her head resting on Mandy's stomach and her hair being stroked to calm her down.

She felt a slight pressure and then a sudden excruciating pain that slowly dulled. Eric had paused just inside her to let her get used to the feeling of his two fingers. As he felt her insides convulse, he slowly pressed forward until he was embedded to the second knuckle of each finger. Her warm anal walls were lubricated and hot and tighter than he had ever expected. She truly was an anal virgin! 

Slowly, he twisted and moved those fingers inside her until she started to meet his thrusts and cry out "Oh God, Eric! That feels so good! Yess... please fuck me"

Part Six:

After about a half hour of pleasuring her with his hands – his other fingers found her clit and he reach under her to thrum it as Mandy fingered her pussy – he slid his fingers out to a sound of exasperated emptiness from Elsa. She glanced over her shoulder to see him applying lube to his steel hard cock and she implored "Please Eric! You are too big! I can't take you in my ass"

"You loved his fingers, baby. You will love his cock especially when he explodes inside of you!" assured Mandy from under her. "Just relax and I will hep you forget any discomfort" With that she once again stole a taste of Elsa's pussy and it was while she was thus floating that Eric edged the glistening head of his cock into Elsa's still relaxed anal opening. As Mandy clung tight around her hips to minimize her movements, Eric looked down in time to see his cock head pop into Elsa's widening ring. 

"Oh God, Eric! That hurts so much! Please take it out!" cried the young girl.

"Not yet, sweetheart; just relax and I will wait until the hurt goes away"

Slowly the extreme pain started to ebb and Elsa pushed back ever so slightly against Eric, allowing further ingress to his throbbing cock. And yes; she could feel every throbbing vein against the sensitive walls of her anal passage and she involuntarily gripped him in a vise-like hold that sent shivers down Eric's spine. The waves of pleasures were by now cascading through her body as Mandy lashed at her clit and pussy and Eric started his slow and gentle assault on her ass cunt. Lord! She wanted it all and started to rock back on forth on Eric's shaft with increasing speed and urgency.

"Oh my... I'm cumming! Please, faster and harder" she begged as she dropped her mouth back onto Mandy's pussy and madly plunged her tongue and then her fingers into that dripping box. Meanwhile, Mandy was continuing her own assault on Elsa's pussy while at the same time she was reaching upwards to gently squeeze Eric's swinging balls as he pounded into that tight hot ass!

Suddenly, a spray of cum erupted from Elsa's cunt, practically drowning Mandy. Her own orgasm filled Elsa's mouth and they both fought to swallow every drop they could. Eric meanwhile, with one final plunge to the depths of Elsa's bowels, howled as he felt his cock expanding in the warmth of her bum and he burst forth and filled her anal cavity with so much cum that the thick white froth oozed out and dripped onto Mandy's face. 

She slid upwards to capture as much of the overflow as possible and then guided Eric's softening cock from Elsa's full ass. Another stream of his cum gushed forth and Mandy cupped it in her hands and wiped it all over her heaving breasts. Although there was a little muskiness from the inside of Elsa's bum mixed in, it was still a heady mixtures and Mandy could feel the warmth still soaking into her skin.

Eric feel exhausted to the side and Mandy pulled Elsa around and on top of her where they rubbed together and shared the sheen of cum on Mandy's body. The three share a final kiss and collapse in a cuddling heap to sleep most of the day away. It is not until the sun is setting that they awake refreshed, shower separately and dress casually to go out to dinner together.

That night, they make slow languorous love to each other and sleep curled in each other's arms until the morning.

Much of the Sunday, since they weren't sure of when Eric's parents were going to drop off the children, they lounged in front of the fore and read and kissed affectionately. Once the kids were dropped off, their lives returned to one of near normalcy. The difference was that each night – after the children were tucked into their beds and sound asleep, Elsa would more nights than not, crept down the hall to Eric and Mandy's room where they were waiting for her. They would spend the night loving (much quieter of course) and sleeping in each other's arms until the break of light when the young blonde would go to the kitchen to welcome the children to their breakfasts. Also, both grandparents started to see much more of their grandkids on weekends!

Part Seven:

We jump forward several months to the end of Elsa's probationary period. At first glance, all appears normal. The children have taken to calling Elsa 'Auntie" now and she has become a permanent member of the family. Through his connections at External Affairs in Ottawa, Eric has fast tracked landed immigrant status for Elsa and she is planning to become a Canadian citizen at the first opportunity.

But wait! Elsa and Mandy have just returned from a shopping spree since the young au pair needed a whole new wardrobe.

Both Eric and Mandy join her in their bedroom as she removes her clothes to try on the first outfit and both take great pleasure – as does the glowing Elsa – in rubbing the rounded belly on the young girl!