 I gently push you backwards until your tiny ass hits the wall; you have nowhere to go, trapped between my hardness and the solid wall. I lower my head so my eyes are level with yours and gaze at you. Your beautiful eyes tell me to take you. I reach below the hem of your dress as I caress your lips with mine. My hand and my tongue both find their reward, I feel the smooth sheer fabric of your lace topped hold-ups. As I explore you, I caresses the soft cool flesh of your thigh where your skin meets your hose. Your body approves of my touch and your mouth welcomes my tongue. 

I lift your dress with my hand and slide it high up your leg, under your black panties which match your silky stockings. Your ass feels soft and cool, I massage it deeply sliding my fingers deep between your cheeks. As I probe you, you moan loudly urging my tongue deeper into your warm wet mouth. 

The moaning is not just coming from you, our audience is also urging us on. Gentle cries of pleasure can be heard as our guests are obviously excited. We are vaguely aware of their words take her, fuck her, use her. Their voices are excited, they are clearly aroused, probably masturbating. 

An hour earlier, we had left home and travelled to our exclusive club. Skin is a club for discrete couples to share their sex life with other members. Elvie and I have been members for almost a year, we visit about once a month, but always as guests of another couple. Tonight is the first time we have hosted. 

Each show room at Skin is luxuriously appointed, containing a double bed, a couch and a large table. The rooms are similar to hotel rooms, arranged like a small theatre with a raised balcony encircling the room giving the audience an ideal view of the show. 

My excitement intensifies and I grab your ass harder and kiss you deeper. I can feel how much you want me and you start pulling aside your panties. You want me to take you and you want our audience to see us. I can smell your desire and it drives me wild with lust. I step back slightly and rip your dress from your body, exposing your pale skin to our audience. Your black embroidered silk briefs and bra match your hold-ups and are now on display to everyone. They reveal to everyone your swollen breasts and mound. Your underwear frames your sexy body, the dark fabric in contrast to your gorgeous white skin; the silhouette of your pubic hair just visible beneath your panties. 

There are gasps of pleasure from the women watching as they see how wet you are, the crotch of your sheer panties is visibly damp, and your thighs are soaked in your aromatic juices. 

I gaze at your slender body before stepping forward to claw at you hungrily, squeezing you rudely, more excited that I have ever been before. You are still pinned against the wall, you lift one leg and hook it over my hip and pull your panties to one side, giving me access to your intimacy, your wanton lust on full view of the men and women watching us. I throw my underwear to the floor releasing my full erection. Your hand immediately grabs it and guides it to the entrance of your sex. Fuck her, fuck her hard our guests demand. 

With one thrust I jerk my hips forward and I feel my swollen head surge forward entering your hotness. It is the tightest vagina I can imagine, but you are so wet my full length penetrates you with one push. You scream out loud, demanding that I take you, begging me to fuck you. We both need this and so does our audience. They are all masturbating watching us fuck. Your hips push forward to meet each of my thrusts, fucking in perfect unison. The first of your orgasms hits you and you lift you other leg up around my hips. My cock thrusts hard into your depths and slams into your cervix, your nails clawing at my back and your teeth biting deep into my shoulder. 

You continue to ride me, begging for more, needing another orgasm. Our audience is highly aroused, and we can hear them moaning with pleasure as they masturbate around us. 

I want her, I want to fuck Elvie. Everyone watching is besotted with your beauty and your sex, and all of them, men and women, want to be with you. 

I feel your legs clamp tightly around my hips and I know your are cumming again. Your whole body tenses and I can hardly breathe. 

I clasp my hands behind your back and carry you to the bed, my erect cock still buried deep in your vagina. I throw you onto the bed, and slide your panties down your trim legs. After removing your bra you lie on your back and spread your legs wide showing your wet pussy to our guests. Hearing their groans of appreciation thrills you and your hand grips your breasts excitedly. I have never seen breasts being squeezed so hard, they distort grotesquely under the force exert on them.

God she is so fucking wet. Take her again. Our viewers want more. Laying next to you I slide my head between your legs, kissing your sweet juices from the soft flesh of your thighs. You roll onto your side to give me access your pussy. Your divine juices cause waves of lust to rip through my body. I roll onto my side and push my cock into your expectant mouth. I need to drink you and my tongue hungrily moves up your thigh. I can feel your soaking wet pubic hair on my chin as my tongue meets to soft warm folds of your pussy lips. I probe deeply into your vagina with my excited tongue. My swollen penis is thumping into your mouth as I drink down mouthfuls of your exotic liquid. The odour of your cum intoxicates me and I feel the familiar feeling rising within me. The muscles of my legs go limp and my body starts to quiver as the orgasm makes is slow progression through my body, homing in on my cock.

Those watching us can see I am close to exploding. Cum on her face, the audience want to see you covered in my sperm. My swollen cock slips from your mouth as my head hardens and my juices rush to the base of my manhood. My muscles start to contract violently and my penis explodes, covering your face, hair and breasts in my seed. The release I feel is overwhelming and I grunt loudly as I cum over you.

You immediately wrap your lips around my spermy cock once more. Needing more attention you do not want me to lose my erection. Your tongue rolls around my head and you suck hard on me, causing me to swell once more. I feel the pressure of you sucking on me and my cock fills your mouth. You suck me so hard, my cock grows until it is thicker than it has ever been before and it stretches your mouth wide open. As you continue to suck my swollen penis, my tongue returns to the soft folds of your wetness. I circle around your clitoris, teasing you lightly with the tip of my tongue, exploring your hood, but teasing you, not giving you the fulfilment your tenderness desires. 

My tongue plunges down into your depths once more and your juices flow freely over my face and into my mouth. I swallow you down hungrily as your hips grind your pussy into my face. For the first time I flick my tongue over your erect clitoris and you scream lustfully, your sounds muffled by the hard cock in your mouth.

As you approach another orgasm I roll onto my back, my cock springing free from the custody of your suckling mouth. Desperate for more attention you move to straddle my body. With one leg either side of my hips, you slide your hand between your legs and expertly position my cock at the entrance to your sex. I see your eyes are closed; you are totally focussed on the lust coursing through your veins and the fire between your legs.

I watch the expression on your face as you lower your hips to meet mine. Your pussy envelops my penis, I see your face contort in an expression of agonizing ecstasy.

As you open your eyes, you see the members of our audience as for the first time. You are the centre of attention, naked, moaning, riding my cock, on show to everyone. I watch your cum covered face as you look around you, you see that some of them have come down from the balcony. All of them aroused, staring mesmerized by your beauty and your shameless fucking.

Your grind your hips lustfully into me, forcing my cock deep inside your tiny pussy. One woman is sitting on the couch, naked, masturbating, moaning your name, Elvie, Elvie. I want you Elvie.

Two men are also naked and they approach, aroused, erect. One has precum dribbling off the end of his head, but it is the other which makes you stare. His cock is huge, The fattest cock you have ever seen. You instinctively reach out at take his thickness in your slender hand. He is so big, that your fingers do not reach all the way around it. Make me cum Elvie, he moans as he feels your tender touch gripping his hardness. In your other hand you hold the second cock, his precum dribbling over your hand.

I stare up at the amazing sight before be. My Elvie is naked, riding me in a room full of strangers, with one cock in each of your hands. Your movements become more animated, your head jerking back and forth as you masturbate two cocks and fuck mine.

Soon the owner of the fat cock in your left hand starts to groan, his cock is huge but in your presence, he cannot contain himself, and his cock starts to pulsate in your hand. I watch you closely as your hips fuck me in time with your hands; your hands push back on each penis as your hips drive forward, grinding your excited clitoris hard into my pubic bone. With a long, deep guttural groan, the fat cock explodes in your hand, spraying your arm and wrist in his hot semen.

You look at me with a lustful desire in your eyes. I know you can see that my face is soaked in your pussy juices. You hold my eye and slide one finger into your mouth, sucking the strangers juices from your spermy hand. 

Before long, the woman on the couch screams her delight, crying your name as she cums, we can hear others too, moaning their satisfaction in the shadows. Our audience is becoming more vocal as they reach climax. Soon it is stranger number two's turn to cum. I watch as you sense his big finish and grip him tightly as he makes his final thrust into your welcome touch. A huge jet of cum explodes from his penis and hits you on the shoulder. We are both mesmerized by the size of the spurt, and wait for what seems like an age before he squirts again. If anything, the second squirt is bigger than the first, splashing over your forehead and into your hair. 

The orgasm keeps giving, cum, pause, cum pause, seven, eight, nine ten huge jets of sperm spraying over your slender frame.

Now it is your turn to lose control. I watch as you raise your hands behind your head, thrusting out your small swollen breasts. Sperm dripping off your chin and down over your nipples and stomach. As I watch your excitement, I feel my orgasm rise in my loins. Oh Elvie, now it is my turn to call out your name.

Neither of us can contain our excitement any longer. The need to cum wells up in both of us and I grip your hips tight and ride you hard, pulling your body forward onto my cock to meet my thrusts, impaling you on my raging penis.

We cum together, both howling, both lost in our desire. Your lithe body quivers uncontrollably as your orgasm takes over your body. I dig my fingers deep into the flesh of your hips unable to control my movements as wave after wave of satisfaction rush through my body.

You collapse onto my chest, naked, covered in sweat and sperm, barely conscious. We vaguely hear the applause of our guests as we close our eyes, fulfilled, contented, exhausted. Finished.