 It's actually kinda totally awesome that you wrote me just now, because I had, like, a super long drive earlier this week and, well, like, I was letting my mind wander, and, well, I thought up this kinda fun sequel to the story I sent you before about going down on you in an aisle at your store in front of a security camera.

What, can't a girl have a little fun on a long drive in her fancy new sports car (hush you, a CRZ is *totes* a sports car!)? It was dark out, no one could see what I was doing in there! ^.~

Anywho, you just-so-happening to write gives me a great opportunity to flesh out my sequel idea! Always my favorite way to neglect my real work ^.^ 

It would start the next time I came to see you, like, the *very* next day, or some such. As soon as I walk in front door, the little "shoplifter" sensors go off, buzzing, light blinking. I look quizzically at them, since I obviously am not stealing anything, what with just having walked in. A tall, burly security guard walks out of a door nearby, coming up to me.

"Excuse me, miss, did you set off the alarm?" He says politely, face the usual security-guard-mask-of-sternness.

"Heh, ya, but-" I start, smiling at how silly this is.

"Do you mind letting me look through your purse and turning out your pockets?" He says. Sternly.

"Uh, sure, ya, I mean," I shake my head, pointing to the door, "I'm just coming in, is all, I mean, like, I couldn't have, like stolen anything." I reach into my tight yoga pants, pulling at the slim pockets. Unsurprisingly, they don't seem to be the kind to turn inside out.

"I'm sorry, but store policy is store policy." He says, taking my purse. "When the sensors go off, we have to do a search until we can get you through them, or we've got to call the police."

"Um, okay, right," I look nervously at my purse as he pulls it open, unsure if I took out everything I think I took out. An eyebrow raises. Nope, my vibrator is definitely still in there. "Uh, my pockets don't seem to turn inside out." I swallow, smiling awkwardly as he pulls out the vibrator.

"I don't think you probably stole this from here..." He smirks, waggling it in the air. I glance around, some young guys in the one operating checkout aisle look amused by my situation, but mostly no one is around to notice us. "Do you mind if I simply do a brief frisk, since your pockets won't turn out?" He sets my vibrator and my purse on a shelf behind the "shoplifting" sensor.

"Um, okay, I guess." I shrug. "My pockets really are empty."

"Policy, you understand." He lift my arms up above my head, his large hands roughly patting down under my arms, along my sides, pressing a little too obviously against my breasts.

"This, uh, hardly seems necessary." I mumble. I wore my very most sheer top today with my very most dark black bra under it just to show off for you, and it's the very most clear that that's all that's under my shirt. Heck, you can even make out the details of the little frilly pattern on the bra pretty well, this top is so transparent. Very mostly, at least.

"Policy." He says, hands patting down around my hips, his large fingers reaching around the curve of my ass as he goes. He presses his fingers gently on the inner thigh of my stretchy yoga pants, and I pull my feet apart. I jump slightly as his first pat down between my legs lands completely vertical, his hand pressing unconcernedly up against my smooth little pussy lips through the thin, tight material of the pants. Of course this would happen on a day I came here with the express intent to get you hard by leaving my panties in the car!

Should've left the vibrator there, too. Er, instead, I guess.

He makes his way down one leg, then starts on the other, and I jump a little again as the first squeeze lands oh-so-casually right on my pussy, his fingers digging gently up this time against the increasingly warm space between my thighs. I bite my lip to hold back a soft little sigh that suddenly tries to escape, wondering if he can feel a little dampness down there.

"Alright, you seem clean, go ahead and give it a try." He finishes down my leg and gestures to the door. I pause as the young guys who smirked at me from the register pass by, then I step toward the machine. Almost before I'm even between the sensors they buzz loudly again, the lights flashing.

I glance back at the register, the one customer, an old lady, looking over at me. I smile awkwardly and she looks casually back to the girl behind the register scanning her groceries.

"Hmm, well, try losing the shoes. Sometimes that can be the issue." He says, shrugging.

"I thought, well, since you patted me down and all," I say, stepping out of my shoes, the cold linoleum sending a chill though my bare feet. "I mean, I'm obviously not hiding anything, right?" I step toward the door. The alarm goes off again. I smile awkwardly at the old lady as she walks slowly up, and she shakes her head at me with a grimace of disapproval.

"Sorry, that's not enough, you have to go through without an alarm." He frowns, and I frown back. This is kind of getting annoying. "Well, do you have an underwire, maybe?"

"What?" I look sidelong at him.

"Your bra." He nods at the obvious black fabric showing glaringly through my shirt. "Does it have an underwire? That could be the issue."

"I'm just here to see Phillip! Can't he just vouch for me or something?" I pout.

"Ya, no, he can't." He shakes his head, "Hey, Sarah?" He shouts over to the young girl at the register, now scanning some middle-aged guy's stuff. "Can you call Phil to the entrance?"

"Sure thing." She leans into a microphone. "Floor manager, to the entrance."

"Thanks." He turns back to me. "Off with the bra, miss. Let's just get this done with."

I narrow my eyes at him. His face is still the same, unchanged sternness it's been since he first walked up. I groan. "Ug, fine, whatever." I reach back under my shirt and unhook my bra, reaching into the sleeves of my shirt to pull the straps down my arms. Crossing one arm against my chest, I pull the bra down, eyes flitting gently closed as I suddenly discover how sensitive my nipples are becoming. He reaches out and I let him take it. He bends down briefly, and it and my shoes end up on the shelf with my purse and the still-completely-out-in-the-open vibrator.

I pull my arm forward and look down. Yes, my big, dark, noticeably stiff nipples are very, very visible in very fine detail right through this top. And, no, my arm is not really doing a very good job hiding them, or the fact that I'm no longer wearing a bra. There's only so much practically-bare boob that my little arm can cover up.

I turn to the door, the alarm sounding seemingly as soon as I step toward it. "Fuck!" I blurt, looking angrily back at him, then over to the register, the middle-aged guy briefly smirking at me before turning away, startled by my glare. The two college guys behind him aren't so easily frightened as they giddily gawk away. "Now what?" I growl at the security guard.

"Are there any tags or anything on that shirt?" He says calmly. "Maybe on the pants?"

"What?" I look incredulous. I know I've been to stores in these clothes before. I walked out of a store with these clothes. When I bought them. There's no way there's a security tag on these clothes.

"Hey, what's up? Oh, hey Cindy!" I turn as you walk up behind me from the other side of the door. "What seems to be the issue, Mike?"

"Your girlfriend here keeps tripping the alarm. Maybe a security device on her clothes?"

I look angrily at you. "Phillip, can you make him stop? This is dumb. I'm not stealing anything." You smile apologetically, and suddenly I feel less angry.

"It's just, well," You sigh, "We just did a store-wide inventory and it seems like we've had a pretty bad rash of thefts recently. I just... it's a temporary thing. This policy. Objective quality evidence and all that."

I stare at you. "OQE? You're playing the trust but verify card? Is that what's going on here?" I glare, and you look apologetic. All you can do is shrug.

"He already took my bra. You can..." I start to whisper hoarsely, stopping as the middle-aged guy walks past us, and I swallow, pausing as I eye him eyeing me. "You can really, really see my nipples in this shirt!" I continue.

"Then, well, maybe it won't really be that bad if you have to take it off. Right?" You say, shrugging.

"What?" My eyes widen as I scoff.

"Cindy, just, real quick, just take off the shirt, and, you know, your pants, and then go through the scanner real quick. Then we can confirm there's something on the clothes, we can go deactivate whatever it is and we'll be done. It'll take, like, two minutes. Tops."

I stare at you, eyes wide, mouth agape in a disbelieving half-smile, trying to ignore the tingle trickling its way up my spine as the image of what you're saying pushes into my brain. There's no way you want me to take all my clothes off, right here at the front fricken' door of your store! I turn my shocked look toward the security guard. He just shrugs.

"I'm..." I glance over at the college guys, who are now paying far more attention to me than the poor cashier girl who's just trying to get them to pay for their beer. I lean into you. "I'm not wearing any panties!" I whisper.

"Ya, and she's silky smooth and all lubed up down there, too." The security guard adds. I shoot a shocked look back at him, but his face is stern as ever. I stare at his eyes, arms clutched tight across my chest. Did I catch a smile? "Frisking" my ass... well, my pussy, I guess. Jesus. Is this...

"So, what, like..." I look back to you, the guard's gaffe making me suddenly suspicious. "If I go through again and it buzzes, like, what, policy says I'm subject to a full body cavity search or else you'll call the police, is that it?"

You finally crack. A smile creeps across your face, as much as you are clearly trying to fight it. "Something like that." You shoot a smirk to the security guard, and I turn to catch the wrinkle of a smile around the corner of those stern eyes.

This was all a game from the start! You *do* want me to strip naked right here in the front of your store! I'll walk through the sensors totally naked and it'll still keep on buzzin' and, oh dearie me, poor old you will have no choice but to take me off to the back room and the two of you and the third guy controlling the buzzer will have to poke and prod at every cavity you can find!

Actually, to be honest, at this point, that kinda sounds like a win for me... I shrug, letting the terrible voice in the back of my head win, and grin at you. "Well, store policy is store policy, I guess." I say through an ear-to-ear smirk in my most capitulatory voice. A look over at the guys at the register confirms they're still leering my way. I bite my lip through my smile, giving you a sidelong glance, turning my back to the registers, looking out at the parking lot. A car cruises by outside.

I pull my shirt smoothly up over my head, holding it out to the security guard with one hand, the other placed delicately across my chest. He tosses the shirt over with my purse on the shelf. Glancing behind me, I bend down, pushing my tight pants down my legs, my tight little butt sashaying back and forth as I shove each side down a few inches at a time with my free hand, my naked rear pointing right at the two guys grinning at me. I give them a casual wave over my shoulder as I step out of the pants, bending low to pick them up and hand them, too, to the security guard.

Totally naked now, with one arm across my chest and the other snaking itself between legs, I step forward to be greeted with buzzing and lights. Sounding off a loud, grumbling, exasperated huff, I quickly spin around, throwing my arms up in the air in mock defeat, baring my full, round tits and their large dark nipples, as well as my hungry little snatch, to you and your security guard buddy and the two guys now walking over from the register.

"Very nice!" One of the college guys nods, grinning ear to ear. The other adjusts his pants as they walk by, eyes on me.

"Well, shoot, time for the body cavity search, I guess." I say loudly as they pass slowly by.

"Nice!" The first one says again. I grin at you and your security guard buddy.

"Shall we?" I put my hands on my hips, cocking them to one side, smiling. Your security guard buddy's completely lost his stern mask now, his eyes unashamedly soaking in my nakedness.

You slap a hand on my bare buns, and I jolt with a soft shriek, following you along to the door the security guard originally came out of. A break room, with a couch and a table and some vending machines and some stairs leading up to wherever stairs might go in an otherwise one-story store.

Before the door is even closed behind the two of us, I've got your pants open and your cock out. I drag you brusquely around to shove you backwards onto the couch, climbing hungrily onto you. I shove my knees along either side of your body until I'm in position to slide your stiff cock into my achingly wet pussy. As I press joyfully down, the door opens behind me and I glance back to find the security guard stepping in. Glancing past him, I briefly meet eyes with the girl at the register as the door closes, and she flashes me an incredulous smirk.

"Oh god that feels good..." I sigh as I push you fully into me, my hips already grinding against you.

"Damn, I did all the work here, Phil, and I get the sloppy seconds?" The guard says.

"Do you mind, babe?" You say as I gasp softly, already grinding wonderfully hard against you, your cock feeling incredible as it fills my hungry little slit.

I look back to see the guard standing not too far behind me. I reach out and he steps up, my fingers hooking into the front of his pants. I pull him up, unzipping his pants and snaking out his also-very-stiff cock.

A bite of my lip and a smile up to him and I'm pulling him around next to the couch. I lean down against you until my mouth is level with his cock and I press myself onto him, shoving him just as deep into my throat as your cock is grinding inside my pussy. I try to keep some meager eye contact up with him, but my eyes keep flitting closed with how good this all feels.

 "Jesus, you guys didn't take long!" Another security dude comes down the stairs, but I barely register him between the two cocks already pumping at me.

"Hop on!" You say, your hands reaching around behind me, pulling my ass cheeks apart. With my legs up on either side of you and my chest pressed down to suck the security guard from the front door, I'm in a practically perfect position for him. I almost try to protest, but before I can work up enough energy to pull off of the cock now pounding into my throat, it's all been spent gasping in pleasure. With his fingers wrapped so tight into my hair as he shoves into me, I doubt I could pull of this guy's cock anyway.

I feel a cold wetness against my asshole as he squirts what I hope is lube on me, your hands still spreading my cheeks wide. Fingers work the goo into my tiny little hole as my hips gentle rock back and forth on your cock.

His legs are on the couch behind me as I feel the hot tip of his cock press in. I gag on the cock in my throat, my hips pressing in hard, fearfully against you, your cock as deep as it will go as the third cock pushes into my tight little ass, tighter as I tense up against him. I whimper, my spine starting to catch on fire as I feel my pussy start to pulsate against your cock.

I try to cry out, to gasp, to moan, but between the three cocks now pumping themselves into every hole I've got, I can barely murmur, my body already aching in ecstasy between the three of you as the cock now pumping in and out of my ass finally pushes me over that happy peak.

The cock in my throat shoves in harder and deeper than ever, his rough hairs pressed tight against my lips, my nose shoved painfully into his pelvis, his hand shoving my head hard against him. He lets out a groan and I feel his cum pouring into my throat. A rock of his hips and another deep shove as his cum keeps on shooting into me.

He pulls free and I turn my head, trying not to cough cum all over you as I gag on the sticky goo pouring out from my throat. I swallow painfully, opening my mouth to let out a gasping breath, two cocks still pumping in and out of my already spent body, the peak of my orgasm gone as I begin to desperately wish for the pounding to stop.

Maybe it's my gasping mix of pleasure and pain, maybe it's my tight little butt, but something pushes the guy in my ass over the edge first, and he bursts, pulling back, splattering cum across my back and backside.

"Someone ought to give'er a facial," I look groggily up at the guy whose cum is presently dribbling down the corner of my mouth. "You know, give her at least one thing she can wear out to the car!" He smirks down at me. I try to focus my eyes on him, but your relentless cock makes them flit back into my head as I try.

"Heh." You say, pushing me up. I stumble off the couch onto my knees on the floor. Before I can pull myself upright, your hands are in my hair and your cock is in my face, and the taste of my own pussy is pushing into my lips. "We do have to confiscate potential suspect items, don't we?"

"Store policy is store policy."

I look up at you, less bleary now, your cock pumping in and out of my throat. You pull out as I raise an eyebrow at you and I reach up, licking the savory mix of flavors off my lips as I start to pump at your cock with both hands.

"I suppose you'll be needing to confiscate all of my clothes, won't you?" As I smirk up at you, you burst, and I feel your hot splashes against my face.

"Just the-" You pause, spurting onto my face, "- the pants-", another spurt, "-shirt and-", another, "-bra.-", and I think that's the last of it. You sigh. "You're welcome to wear the shoes and vibrator home." You wipe the tip of your cock across my nose and I look incredulously up at you. "And what you're wearing now, of course." You grin.

"Thanks." I mock my gratitude at your generosity, pulling myself upright with the arm of the couch. "I do need to get back to work, you know."

"I can't imagine anyone would complain if you showed up like that." You grin, and I toss my smirk at you again as I step toward the door.

I flash a smile at the two security guards, "Thanks, boys, that was pretty fun, in the end." I pull the door open, pausing. "Pun not intended, but, in both ends, I guess. Or, um, all three? I dunno." I shrug as I step out, throwing a casual wave at the girl at the register, grabbing my purse and vibrator, tossing my shoes down and stepping into them, and heading out to my car.

I guess I'll be making a short stop home before I go back into the office!