 "You'll really suck my cock if someone answers this ad?" Alex turned towards Naomi.

She brushed strands of hair back from her face and smiled wider. "You have to get fucked in the ass, yes. But I'll do more than suck that cock of yours if someone answers this ad."

Alex licked his lips at the thought. Smiling, he looked at Naomi. She was bent over, giving him a view of her luscious ass in tight jeans. He licked his lips. "You're serious?"

She straightened and set her hands on her hips. The stare in her eyes said she wasn't joking. Her lips pursed together. 

Alex snickered. "I didn't think so."

"Oh no," she sauntered to him, swaying her hips with each step. "I'm very serious."

He chuckled. "So what you're saying is in order for you to fuck me, there has to be another hot guy involved."

Her lips curled upwards. "Yeah, sure. You know you want this."

Alex spun around in his chair and spread his legs. He leaned back and grinned. "Yeah. I do." The erection in his pants couldn't be more obvious. He swore he saw Naomi's nipples pucker beneath the top she wore. 

"So what now?"

Naomi sank to her knees and rested her head on Alex's bare thigh. "We wait."

He sighed. "Fine!" Setting a hand in her hair, he stroked her curls. Her warm face so near his cock made him harder and she knew it. But he wasn't going to push anything right now. Alex did want to feel a hard piece of dick between his ass again. It'd been so long since the last time he'd been fucked.

The act itself wasn't the issue. Guys always seemed to want a commitment after sex and Alex wasn't bisexual for a relationship. He simply liked getting off. The harder, the better. Or as he'd told Naomi once, the more the merrier.

The rest of the afternoon was uneventful minus a few emails from guys who showed potential by actually following the instructions left in the ad Alex placed online.

Naomi cooked dinner for him, preparing a Tuscan meal from a recipe she'd learned on a receipt trip to Italy.

They ate and drank the rest of the evening away until it was time for her to go home. "Now remember," she stood just outside the building, "You get one guy you really want, you'll CC me?"

"Yeah. I'll make sure you see the entire exchange and we set up something this week."

"You promised!" She winked.

Alex licked his lips and watched her turn around. Seeing her walk away was almost a delight in itself, the round curve of her ass enticing him and making him hard again. 

Still, could he go through with it? And what would happen once the mystery man showed up and found out he wasn't actually gay but bisexual? 

The ad Alex left gave a little leeway in that he specifically mentioned being open to threesomes but so far all the responses had been from guys in the Bay Area who were strictly homosexual.

Sitting back at is computer, Alex made a list of potential play partners in the event that a few of them couldn't meet when Naomi and he wanted? After all, what fun was going fishing if you only caught one fish?

A day later, Alex found himself showering, stroking his cock and thinking about how hot it would be to have a nice fat dick in his mouth. Carefully, he reached for the razorblade and shaving cream. Spraying a thick amount of gel into the palm of his hand, he smeared it all over his prick and balls, making sure to get a good lather.

With his other hand, he tugged his sac down and ran the blade over his skin twice making sure to get as much hair off his groin as possible in one sweep. Rinsing the blade, he made several more passes, stroking his lubed cock at the same time while thinking about the hot piece of meat that would soon slip between his tight ass cheeks.

Oh, he stroked more, "couldn't forget about the hot pair of lips that are going to suck my dick at the same time..." Alex fell back against the tile and let the spray wash down his body while he jerked. Faster and faster, bumping his ass against the wall, he imagined that thick cock and heavy balls bouncing off his ass the same way he'd fuck Naomi's. It'd be a magnificent ménage, 

Another moment later, Alex shut his eyes and jerked harder, faster before the familiar feeling of tightness swelled in his lower belly and balls. He shot a huge load all over the bathtub, grunting out Naomi's name.

Panting, he let the spray wash away all traces of spent seed before rinsing his body off and drying his blonde hair.

Stepping out of the bathroom still erect, he wandered over to the computer and clicked on the new email icon. 

The message came up. 

Hi, I found your ad and wondered if you ever have been with women? I have a fantasy too I'd like to enact involving a hot guy, his girlfriend and myself. My pics are attached. I'm just under six feet tall, clean shaven everywhere and versatile. I hope to hear from you. Juan.

Alex's heart thumped loudly in his chest. He opened the pictures and found an attractive guy standing in shorts and a tank top that showed off a well muscled chest. The guy wasn't overly huge, just toned. Black curls hung down just above his eyes. His dark skin seemed like it had been dusted with cocoa. Emerald green eyes sparkled with a smile that would lead most people into the devils' layer regardless of sexual preference.

Oh and the obligatory cock shot.

Opening the picture up, Alex saw what would be buried in his ass. 

Alex licked his lips. His cock grew hard again.

Taking one last look at the hot man's even hotter prick, Alex clicked the forward button and sent the email to Naomi for her approval. 

A moment later, he'd begun writing Juan back. They'd agreed to meet at the bar around the corner from where Alex lived and yes he'd bring his female companion who shared the fantasy along.

Naomi replied ten minutes later with a one line email.

Yum.

Yum, indeed. 

The next morning, Alex woke to find a few more pictures from Juan. Returning the favor, Alex sent off a few body shots and cock shots to Juan in hopes of instant approval. Then he set his camera up on his desk, stripped out of his boxers and set the timer on the camera.

Turning around, he faced the wall. Bending over, he flexed his ass, arching his hips in a very effeminate manner that usually made other men salivate.

Standing at attention, Alex walked over and reviewed the few pictures he'd taken. Then he'd attached them and sent them back to Juan.

Before the middle of the day, the time had been set for their meeting.

Naomi showed up just before five. 

Alex let her into the building, noting the scent of jasmine rain perfume wafting behind her. She wore a tight top that showed plenty of cleavage, her hip hugger jeans and black ankle boots. Her dark brown hair hung loosely around her face, emphasizing her jade eyes. 

Oh and she wore lipstick that emphasized her plump lips.

"You look hot." Alex hugged her.

She wrapped her arms around him "You will too." She licked a line of heat along his neck. 

Alex led her up to his apartment, holding her hand. Something about her, the way she touched him made him shiver at the realization that he was actually getting what he wanted from her.

Naomi kept close behind him with each step they took up to his apartment. He opened the door, ushered her in and offered her a seat on his leather couch. "I'll be a moment."

She nodded.

"Want a drink?"

She blinked. "Nervous?"

He feigned a smile. "A little. What if this guy doesn't want me? Or what if this goes all wrong? Or..."

Naomi stood and cleared the distance between them. "Let this guide you." She grabbed him by the shoulders and pulled him into her.

Pressing his mouth against hers, he tasted her. 

Her tongue snaked between his lips, urging his out to play.

Alex let the feelings he'd held onto slip away into her kiss. Closing his eyes, he let himself feel her pressing against him, pushing him against the desk so that he was backed up to it, trapped between it and her breasts crushing against his chest.

She bit at his lower lip, nibbling along his mouth.

He let out a soft moan, his cock springing to life beneath his silk pajamas. 

Naomi rocked her hips against his erection.

Alex moaned a little louder. He raised a hand to cup her ass and press her deeper into him but she remained stiff. 

Pulling back from the kiss, she smiled. "Go get that drink and get dressed. It's almost time to meet him downstairs for that drink."

Nodding, Alex watched Naomi peel herself off him. He swore he saw the disappointment in her eyes at the thought of having to stop. The reality was, what was coming up would be much hotter.

Oh yes it would.

A few minutes later, Alex wore bluejeans and a tank top to show off his fair skin. His blonde hair had been left down and brushed out with Naomi's help. He wore an old pair of running shoes and made sure not to wear anything beneath his jeans. Alex sat with his back to the door while facing Naomi in the dimly lit bar. Both nursed beers while waiting for Juan to show up.

Butterflies danced and fluttered wildly in his stomach. Alex lifted his beer to his mouth, saluted Naomi with it and then took a large sip.

She motioned with her eyes to his left.

He set the glass down and spotted Juan out of the corner of his eye.

Dressed in loose fitting baggy brown shorts and a black tank top that exposed the fine brown color of his skin, he looked like he'd just stepped off the beach. His hair was tousled and thick.

Sandals completed the beach boy look.

Juan turned to face them and looked directly at Alex with heat in his eyes.

Alex smiled. From the corner of his eye, he saw Naomi's waving hand. 

She spoke so Juan would hear him from the distance. "Over here Juan."

Alex swallowed the lump in his throat, took another sip of his beer and stood to meet Juan.

Juan walked with a swagger in his step that said top. Definitely. At least today he would be a top.

The egotistical part of Alex that hated being put into submissive positions roared up inside of him, but the feelings his erection made him feel trumped the anxiety.

Naomi stood behind Alex and touched him, running her fingernails along his exposed arm.

A tinge of desire swept through him. 

Juan extended his hand. "Alex and Naomi?" He spoke with a slight Spanish flair in his voice. 

Alex gripped the other man's hand, felt rough calluses despite the tender way which he shook hands. The twinkle in Juan's eyes resonated deep within Alex in the form of precum oozing from the head of his swollen cock. He couldn't wait to feel a pair of lips tightly milk him while he puckered his asshole around Juan's hardness.

Naomi appeared beside Alex. "Yeah. That's us. How was our trip here?"

Juan shook Naomi's hand. "Not bad. Care to have a beer together? Allow me to buy."

Naomi nodded and tugged at Alex.

The nervousness in his voice steadied with each word he spoke. "Oh, sure. Right. Yeah I'm always down for a free beer."

Nodding, Juan strode back to the bar and ordered three beers from the lovely redhead. Coming back a moment later, he set the beers down on the table.

Naomi slid one over to Alex and picked up one for herself.

Juan lifted his glass to his lips. "A local brew is okay?"

Alex couldn't keep his eyes off the sensual curve of Juan's mouth. "Oh yeah. We prefer local here." He took a sip and let the cool liquid wash down his throat while the alcohol steadied his nerves and his resolve. Juan was more than eye candy. He was temptation.

And Naomi was the temptress who pushed Alex into his fantasy.

The three exchanged glances before taking equal sips on their beers. "So," Juan leaned forward, letting the front of his tank top fall to expose more tanned flesh, "what do you two do?"

Alex watched the way Juan's lips moved, imagined them kissing him, kissing Naomi. 

Scratch that. He was kinda possessive over Naomi. 

But she didn't mind sharing him. 

Naomi answered first. "I'm a banker." 

Alex leaned back in his seat and rested his arm on the table. "I manage funds for investors. You?"

Juan set his hands behind his head and leaned back in his chair. "I'm between jobs right now but I was a flight attendant. The company I was with had massive layoffs recently. In two weeks I'll have another job though."

Alex nodded. "That's good. It's touch and go with some things."

Juan took a sip of his beer.

A foot caressed Alex's jean clad calf. He looked at Naomi.

She wore her usual pretty smile.

He couldn't tell from the way her hair threw a shadow over her eyes what she was thinking, but he'd felt her feet on his body enough to know the difference between hers and Juan's.

The guy moved fast!

Alex stretched his legs, letting himself enjoy the feel of smooth feet caressing him.

Juan scooted closer and ran a hand through his hair. "Yeah it's tough out there. But I needed the break anyway. It's giving me free time to explore a few things." He winked.

Taking another drink from his beer, Alex met Juan's gaze. "Such as this online board and sex?"

Juan smiled big. "Yup. You'd think with me flying around the world I'd have all kinds of sexual experiences but the problem is that I never had time to stop anywhere for more than a few hours at best. So I'm taking these next few weeks off to explore." 

Chuckling, Alex pointed at Naomi. "This is a fantasy for me and she forced me to—"

A hand covered his mouth. "What he means to say," Naomi pinched his side, "is that I got tired of hearing him talk about his fantasy when he's encouraging me to live more."

Juan snorted. "I see. So what's your role here, Naomi?"

Alex snickered. 

"I'm the girl whose gonna ride him while he's getting fucked."

Naomi practically beamed at the thought.

Juan's smile lit up, reaching his eyes. "Interesting. So who orchestrated this meeting?"

Alex shrugged. "Ultimately I did. We've been emailing since last night. She pushed me," he motioned with his thumb, "into trying to live a little more. I apparently don't get out enough."

Juan chuckled. "It sounds like we have more in common than we first thought." He licked his lips.

Naomi finished her beer and set the glass aside. Leaning forward, she crossed her arms in front of her. "Are you interested?"

Juan dropped his chin, setting his gaze on Alex's. "Very."

The heated stare threatened to burrow into Alex's deepest fantasies, the ones involving more than one man and woman. Juan could be a gateway, if only Alex would let him. " Then we should adjourn back to my apartment upstairs."

Juan stood. The look on his face couldn't be mistaken for anything other than pure lust. 

Alex and Naomi rose at the same time, looking at each other before glancing back at Juan. "Let's go." 

Alex took Juan's hand in one, and Naomi's in the other. Leading them back outside into the setting sunlight, he stopped to take a better look at Juan.

The Spaniard was more muscled than his picture showed. 

He ran a hand though his slicked hair but it fell on both sides of his face, shadowing eyes that held hot passion in them.

Full lips meant for kissing parted.

Setting a hand on Alex's shoulder, Juan stepped forward.

Their lips met.

Juan's mouth was pliant but controlling. He slanted his lips over Alex's, pressing in softly at first before applying more pressure.

The move surprised Alex but hardened his cock more. His body tensed, braced for the kiss. A rough tongue parted his lips, invading his mouth and wandering around to coax Alex into a higher state of arousal.

Slick velvet caressed Alex's neck. Naomi, he thought. Her hands ran up the sides of his arms before pulling him back from Juan's mouth.

"Upstairs," she motioned at the few onlookers who stood at the corner.

Shrugging his shoulders, Alex led the way back up to his apartment in silence that spelled out arousal. Aware of Naomi's hand on his ass and Juan's heated stare on that same area made it difficult to walk up the steps without stopping to take what he wanted from Naomi.

Once inside his apartment, Alex flipped on the lights. "There's the couch. Want a drink?"

Nodding, Juan licked his lips. "Beer if you have it."

"Sure do," Alex made his way into the kitchen to grab three beers. When he returned, he saw Naomi sitting next to Juan on the leather couch, her thigh touching his. Juan had thrown his arm around the back of the couch while Naomi stroked her thighs.

Alex handed them each a beer and sat on the leather recliner next to the couch and stretched his legs out. He took a pull off his beer and set it down on the table between the couch and recliner.

"So," he paused.

"So," Juan scooted a little closer to Alex, "here we are."

Naomi's stare met Alex's.

He licked his lips and took a swig from his beer before setting it down on the table. He let his arm drape casually over the edge of the chair just within reach of Juan.

Setting a hand on Juan's thigh, Naomi scooted closer and leaned in. Inhaling his scent, her lips curved upward in a smile. She flicked her tongue out to taste his skin.

Juan grinned. 

Nerves froze Alex. He wanted this, wanted Naomi on his cock. His asshole puckered in sweet anticipation of what would happen if he could just make a move.

Juan moaned. He reached for Naomi's thigh. Turning towards her, he stretched out both legs and slipped off his sandals. His shorts rode up and bared more tanned flesh.

Alex licked his lips. Watching Naomi and Juan kiss hardened him further. The stupid butterflies in his stomach wouldn't stop fluttering. Swallowing his fear, Alex decided to do something other than watch his best friend make out with the man who was supposed to fuck him in the ass. 

With one foot propped up, Alex shoved the table out of the way. His eyes remained glued to Naomi's mouth doing wicked things with Juan's. 

Juan's hands clutched at her sides, sliding up and down over her clothed body.

She pulled back from the kiss and stared at Alex.

Alex knelt between them and started kissing Naomi's jean clad thigh. 

She laughed. "It's easier if I strip, silly." She reached out and ruffled his hair.

Alex shrugged and sat back on his heels. 

Naomi stood, undid the snap and slid the zipper down slowly. Shoving her pants down her round ass exposed pale yet toned flesh and a black thong that just barely covered her hairless pussy.

Juan and Alex made eye contact and both men seemed to have the same thought.

Alex rose and caught Naomi's hand. 

Juan took her other hand and tugged them both to the couch. "This will be easier for you, Alex?"

Alex cocked a brow. "Yeah." His mouth curved upward in slow smile. His body hardened at the sight of Naomi's nearly naked ass.

Naomi centered herself so that each man sat on one side of her. 

Alex grabbed her thighs and parted them, raking his nails lightly over her flesh.

Opening her mouth, she shook against his touch. 

Juan leaned in and kissed her again, sealing his mouth over hers.

Her eyes widened.

Alex reached for her breast, cupping it, feeling the weight of it in his palm. Her bosom was just like her ass, heavy, round and firm. Bending down, he took her shirt covered beat in his mouth and began to suckle while a hand roamed over her belly.

Juan's hand brushed against Alex's.

Alex closed his eyes and suckled, soaking the shirt and bra.

Naomi moaned and shifted her weight for comfort and ease of access to her core.

A hand covered Alex's and laced fingers together. The grip was soft, feminine. 

Another hand brushed over Alex's thigh. He opened his eyes to see Juan pulling back from Naomi. 

Reaching for the hem of Alex's shirt, Juan tugged. "Let's see you now." The perfect Spanish accent Juan spoke with made Alex's blood even hotter.

Arching a brow, Alex lifted his shirt off. Both Juan and Naomi now faced him.
