 I follow them into the bedroom. My gaze is centered on the immense bed; it's set diagonally against a corner: the room a glow with candlelight. There are restraints secured on the headboard of the oak trimmed bed. The meaning behind the placement of the soft, silk scarves have my heart racing. 

My just loved-on clit throbs with anticipation. I watch breathlessly as Greg strips Amy completely, her tan nipples fully erect. He leans down briefly to suckle a large thimble sized point before looking back over his shoulder in my direction.

Judging by his expression, I see that he's waiting for my reaction. The decision is mine, as each step from the beginning of our tryst has been. He waits patiently as I move closer, perhaps believing I'll run away as timidly as a rabbit from a voracious wolf but there's something mesmerizing about the look that has appeared in his soulful brown eyes. 

I feel my buds crinkle in response: Greg's look draws me deeper and deeper to his machinations. Amy leans against him. Her breasts are pressed against his left side, so I move in on the other. His arm slips about my waist, the other slides around hers. He tightens his arms, squeezing us together, breasts touching breasts, mound grazing mound. He releases a sigh of satisfaction. He realizes there is no going back for any of us and rejoices in the power, the absolute pleasure at the fruition of his plans. 

Greg leans down slightly to kiss us, deeply, yet briefly, reminding us how wonderful a hungry mouth can be. I lean forward, kissing Amy's lush mouth softly. I can discern the taste myself on her, the scent of my warm pussy emanates from her soft skin. 

Greg's breathing echoes harshly in the stillness, revealing that he wasn't expecting a move from me so soon. I feel a sense of mastery at the rugged sounds emanating from him. It nearly covers the rush of blood pounding in my ears. There is a faint knowing smile on his lips, a male realizing he's about to be pleasured beyond his wildest dreams. This is all so new, yet it's very licentiousness is somehow familiar, freeing me from all my would-be inhibitions. I have a clear image at what the night will hold for me.

Greg leads Amy to the bed, pushing her gently onto the wide expanse of black cloth. Grabbing her wrists, he ties them securely, using the silk scarves left expressly for this purpose. I mirror his actions and secure her ankles, spreading them wide: using the ties that are in position from the footboard of the bed. 

He pushes me onto the bed with her suddenly, kissing me deeply, my thighs brush against Amy, flesh meeting flesh. His fingers part me, burrowing into my softness. He removes them, holding them out to Amy who hungrily sucks them clean. 

He repeats the process, except this time he dips into Amy, wetting his digits in her spread pussy. He licks at them slowly and then leans in to kiss me, his tongue plundering me as sinuously as a snake. I taste the unfamiliar there: a different flavor than my own brand of honey, it's musky but still sweet. He moans softly, the fantasy well within his grasp.

Greg quickly peels away his clothing: his large erect member juts out proudly, the bulbous tip nearly purple with desire. Just the sight of his throbbing cock has me completely subdued. Amy is gazing at it hungrily; we are both puppets for his pleasure pleasure, willing slaves for his touch. 

He gazes at us lustily, while stroking his member briefly. Watching him play with his protruding muscle has the wetness leaving my pussy.... I feel it leak out, flavoring my thighs. Judging by Amy's expression, she is just as affected. 

Small pearls of delight form at the tip, my mouth waters for a taste of him.

He climbed onto the bed and knelt beside Amy, feeding her the head of his cock. Her soft moans of delight egg me on: I repositioned myself, jockeying for a taste as well, licking over the full, mushroomed shaped cap with abandon. 

"Shit, you'll both have to stop or I'm gonna cum way too soon," Greg mutters harshly as we continue to lick over his cock, two women sucking on his hardness, as greedy as small children at snack time. We both hope to swallow the masculine part fully and be rewarded with the creamy nourishment within. 

Greg suddenly pulls away and grabs the back of my head and pushes my face onto her breast, while lowering himself and noisily latching onto the other point. My mouth opens and I suckle from her, as a warm rush of desire washes over me. 

She moans audibly as we both nurse from her prone body. I cannot believe I've joined him in this but I cannot fathom stopping before every drop of ecstasy is wrung from each and every act. 

We both kiss lower, circling her abdomen, leaving trails of moisture as our tongues slide across skin, heightening her sexual enjoyment. His hungry mouth pauses over her lightly furry delta, making certain I watch as his nimble fingers part her, exposing her overly wet flesh. His tongue moves through the folds, swirling deeply into her canal of pleasure. 

He noisily feasts from her muff; slurping noises echo throughout the quiet room. The scent of arousal hangs heavy in the still air. Greg's fingers trail into me from behind, playing with me simultaneously. He sucks on a full lip, while pulling back, leaving me a perfect view of her cream covered clit. 

Amy's pleasure leaks out onto her thighs, wetting them completely. He pulls me down beside him; I can smell her heat. An arm wraps around my shoulder drawing me even closer as he whispers, "Watch me, do what I do," he licks over her outer lips briefly before delving into her pot of jam once again. 

He looks up, his face glistening with her savoriness, as he gently guides my face closer to her vee. Her clit is visible through the excessive moisture; jutting out like a miniature cock. 

"Go on baby, taste her pussy. Eat her pussy for me," he watches hungrily as my tongue slips into a woman, my very first. My tongue laps at her nub, slowly, my movements unsure but then her hips rock against my face unexpectedly, wetting my chin. 

"Please, oh please, yes, oh yes," she cries as she pulls against the restraints. Greg's gaze never falters as my inexperienced mouth feeds from her spread thighs, my tongue swirling through her soft folds, boldly copying his earlier movements. 

Greg hands me a large red dildo from the nearby night table. It's a long, thick toy with a head at either end. After slipping the tool into her waiting vee, I latch onto her clit with my suddenly ravenous mouth. I begin to pleasure her, the force of my tongue and the faux cock have her writhing on the bed. 

He moved in behind me, as I lathed over her creamy wet pussy. Amy's hips were elevated on the pillows he so thoughtfully provided beforehand. I opened my legs, giving him easier access to my aching flesh. His mouth was soon attacking my slit, tongue moving through the folds to get at my pearl. 

As he feasts from my well, I'm thrilling Amy. Her hips are bucking up to meet me as I slide another inch into her tunnel. Greg's lips have found my pea and his all-knowing mouth soon has me grinding against his face explosively.

"It's so fucking hot watching you two. Go on, I want to hear you eating her pussy. Lap up her cum," he orders, I comply quickly – as he's mirroring every move I make, sucking out every drop of dew from between my petals, as I feed from Amy's slit.

Greg moves suddenly, to kneel directly behind me, slipping his throbbing mass into my waiting entrance. "Oh, shit," he mutters softly as I tighten my tunnel, trapping him inside. "This is so hot," he gasps as his cock moves deeper into me. Amy has had an orgasm but I feel such headiness from the control I wield, I don't want to stop. I plunge two more inches into her hole, filling her, as Greg does the same to me.

He slaps my ass cheeks as he fucks me, intensifying the sexual level of the room. I feel him purge his body of excess cream deep into my core. It's so warm, my body convulses immediately, and the combined essence from us runs down my thighs. 

He begins licking up every drop, and I move accordingly, opening my thighs. His fingers plunge into my anus, using my own wetness as lube. My body is racked with want, and he supplies the release readily, easily.

I remove the end of the faux male from Amy as Greg removes her restraints. We swarm over him; kissing exposed flesh as we gently push him down onto the mattress, tying him firmly in place. We move over him, using our full breasts to stimulate and tease his body, completely. 

His hips rest on pillows scented with Amy's passion. His hips, thighs and masculine tool are a banquet for our mutual feasting. I move over Greg and place the dildo at his lips, watching with delight as he willingly sucks on the honey-flavored tool still warm from Amy's body. His eyes are bright with expectation. I can see the wheels spinning. His imagination is alight with the possibilities before him. 

I move between his thighs, the red toy still clutched in my hand. I have Amy begin to lick on his anus, lubing him for the decadence to follow. 

She's enjoying her task; feeding noisily from him as a starving waif would from a bakery. I can relate to her rapaciousness, I've dined on him as well. The site of her licking over Greg, teasing him inflames me further. 

I insert an end of the dildo into my suddenly aching tunnel. Amy helps guide it into his rear door pleasure spot. She's so overcome that her mouth covers my clit as I plunge the faux member into him, his legs are up and bent as his eyes watch us, enjoying the view. 

My hips rock, testing the depth of him; its all so erotic. I'm fucking Greg, pleasuring him as I satisfy myself. Amy is devouring my pussy; she's as orally inclined as a hungry trout on a lazy summer day. My hand reaches down, stroking his rock hard erection. Amy moves from me to Greg, she can't decide which of us she craves most. 

His masculine wand leaks, making the decision easier. She places all her concentration on it; sucking him down to the base of his cock: her tongue painting over it like a brush on a canvas. I'm still plunging into him; every thrust heightens my own enjoyment. He explodes, filling her mouth with his cum. Some leaks down over her breast; I swipe off a taste, using my fingers. 

We keep him restrained, our pleasure slave. Amy straddles his face, 'forcing' him to satisfy her animal lust. When it's my turn to straddle his head, I allow my wetness to drip into his waiting, rapacious mouth. His tongue stabs at my nubbin repeatedly, before delving into my tunnel, thrusting deeply. Again Amy's mouth is over my vee, I can feel them both feeding from my wetness; as her fingers moves to my back door, teasing the opening lightly.

Afterward, we all settle down, contentedly. Greg resides in the middle, cuddling his lascivious kittens.

"I guess this means three is my new favorite number," he jokes, while his hands trail over us, exploring, curious as a cat. I feel his body snuggle against my backside, his fingers cupping my pussy. I know he's doing the same to Amy, comparing clit sizes, contours and textures, still amazed that the experience occurred. 

"We'll take a nap and rest up for later. It might be interesting to see what or who happens next," Amy chirps happily.