 The story is the 3rd chapter of Emergence series from Andy's point of view. I recommend reading the first two chapters although it's not really necessary. 

*****

About ten years ago I inherited an old broken-down ranch from my grandfather, the buildings were pretty dilapidated but the land was great. For the last two years we have been building a cabin on the lake that was part of the property. Two months ago, my wife Linda and I brought Jan and Bob, a couple of very good friends, up for a long weekend to try to finish up on the build. Here's what happened.

It was a very hot Friday just after lunch, there was a gentle breeze blowing, just enough to keep the bugs at bay. Bob and I were working on the cabin while the girls decided to go swimming. About an hour later we decided to join them; along with a couple of bottles of wine. When we arrived at the wharf, we saw Linda and Jan sunning themselves naked. I looked at Bob in a bit of a shock, Jan was usually super conservative in her manner of dress, skirts below the knees and no cleavage shown at all. I had never even seen her in a short skirt or shorts. To see her naked was a marvelous first. Bob just smiled and stood still watching them. 

Jan is twenty-eight years old, about five feet five inches tall with long black hair, usually in a pony tail, and a great body. She is stacked. Probably a firm 36D chest and a great ass. She has the kind of body to make a Preacher swear off celibacy.

My wife Linda, is thirty-three years old with short blonde hair and has a slim beautiful body with a nice 36C chest. Linda can be a bit of an exhibitionist and willing to flash a lot of tit or leg, even both.

They were sitting together leaning back on their arms with their feet dangling in the water. I heard Linda say to Jan, 'But I love yours. They are so firm and hardly any sag at all.' 

Jan reached over to caress Linda's breast gently as if to weigh it carefully. 'Yah...but you've so much more balanced. Mine are too big. I mean they enter the room five minutes before the rest of me. And the guys' all stare at my tits. Not my face.' 

'Well you know what they say...If you got it flaunt it.' Linda said with a laugh.

'We agree,' Bob said as we stepped onto the wharf. 

Jan jumped up making a trivial attempt to hide behind her hands, while Linda stood up smiling at us making no attempt to cover up. 

'It's alright Jan. You have a beautiful body. Be proud of it.' Bob said as he nonchalantly dropped his shorts to the wharf and slipped his shoes off. He was now naked as well. I decided to follow along and soon all four of us were nude. Bob and I dove into the water to cool off. 

When we got out Jan was a bit more relaxed but still apprehensive. They had a glass of wine ready for us and had already enbibed at least one glass each. Linda came and sat on the arm of my Adirondack chair and Jan sat with Bob; keeping her legs demurely together. After a few more drinks everyone was a lot more relaxed. Linda spilled a little wine on her breast and without thinking I licked it off and gave her tit a little kiss. I was keeping an eye on Jan and could see her breathing getting a little faster and her nipples were popping out like little erasers. Her legs began spreading and I could see that she was completely shaved, just like Linda. I let my legs spread a little so she could see my already growing cock.

Bob is in his late thirties and is a tall good-looking guy with short blonde hair and a tall swimmer's body. He was sporting a half hard cock slightly longer than mine but not as thick. Linda was getting a good view of his equipment as he sat with his legs apart. Unusually, there had been a little sexual tension between the four of us for the last couple of months and now it was getting a lot more into the open. We have been involved in a little swapping with Stick and Jim for some time, but never with Jan and Bob. But I had seen Jim with his hand on Jan's ass at a party at our house some time ago.

Linda slid down to my lap and nuzzled up to me and I saw Bob slide a hand up Jan's side to a tit caressing it gently and lightly pinching the nipple. Jan made no attempt to stop him and I saw her drop a hand down to his penis. She was very obviously highly aroused. On seeing Jan's move, Linda let a hand fall to my rapidly growing cock stroking it as she stared at Jan's face with a wicked grin on her face.

The temperature had cooled down a bit, but not on our wharf. Linda got up and refreshed everyone's glass and having filled Jan's she reached down and gave her a little kiss on the lips, again unusual. Then she took her hand, lifted her and guided her to my chair. 'We've talked about this and I know you want to, so enjoy,' she said as Jan blushingly settled her shapely butt in my lap. Then Linda went back to Bob and sensually sat down in his lap. 

I was somewhat hesitant about this scenario, but when someone offers you honey you just start licking your fingers, cause it's going to get messy. It's funny, because recently Linda has been hinting about bringing a little something special into our sex lives. Telling me that Jan was hot and probably wanted to jump my bones. Could this be it? 

'Just so you know, guys. Jan and I have fantasized about this for some time. We know you have wanted this as well.' Linda said 'So let's enjoy ourselves.'

There it is. Humm. 

Jan was trembling like a leaf but she kissed my lips and snuggled up to me. Before I did anything I carefully scrutinised Linda and Bob. He was kissing Linda's left breast and she was holding him to her tit obviously enjoying his ministrations. She was just reaching for Bob's growing dick and when she began stroking him with a smile on her face, I felt safe in joining in. I brought my left hand up to Jan's breast and softly squeezed that beautiful mound before kissing the aroused nipple. When I looked across at Linda and Bob, I saw Linda slip to her knees and begin stroking Bob's long cock. She looked over at me with a grin on her face and licked the head poking up through her hand. She then pursed her lips sliding his cock into her mouth. I moved a hand down Jan's smooth flat stomach and as I reached her moist pussy, she gave a gasp but parted her legs and moved into my finger as I entered first one and then a second finger. She moaned quietly and let her hand find my hard cock. She looked across to Bob and Linda, seeing Linda suckling Bob's cock with obvious pleasure. 

I felt I had to take it very slowly with Jan but to my surprise, she looked into my eyes with an obvious lustful expression on her face. Smiling shyly, she began to stroke my fully hard dick. Her other hand found its way down covering my hand, pressing my fingers deeper into her moist pussy. Her hips began humping my fingers while I teased her nipples with my other hand. Jan was groaning and within two or three minutes began to shudder while biting her lower lip. Her first explosion came with a gasp and guttural whimper deep in her throat. 

'Wait...oh...dam. Oh Christ.' She groaned breathlessly as she tensed the muscles in her body as the small climax passed through her body. She finally relaxed, limply hanging on to my tumescent dick. She reached up bringing my face down to her tits and holding me there while I kissed and bit down gently on her nipple. When her breathing settled down, she smiled up at me and slid down to her knees never letting go of my cock.

Jan locked her eyes to mine and slowly began stroking my cock. 'I have been wanting to suck your cock for so long Andy,' she murmured flicking out her tiny pink tongue licking the precum from the head. She glanced over her shoulder seeing Linda mounting Bob's cock in a reverse cowgirl. We could see his long pole gliding into Linda's pussy as she slowly lowered herself down until he was completely buried in her moist hole. Linda sighed sensually, then with a smile at us began to raise and lower herself taking him deep every time. 

Jan tenderly returned to stroking my cock and then with this wicked grin began kissing the head of my thick pole. She opened her mouth wide to fit my cock into her luscious mouth. She swallowed about half of my seven inches while keeping eye contact. Then she licked up and down the shaft before again taking me deeper into her mouth to the back of her throat. To my surprise she nodded her head up and down slightly as if searching for a more comfortable position, then drove down on my shaft taking it into her throat. Her nose was pressed against my pubic hairs. She held that position for a full ten seconds, her eyes locked with mine. 

Jan came up for air with a wide grin on her face, licking the underside of my cock with the tip of her tongue. After getting her breath back she plunged back down taking my shaft deep into her throat again. After a few minutes of this action I had to stop her and she reluctantly came to her feet. 

'I wanted you to cum in my mouth Andy,' she pouted.

'Next time Jan. I promise.' 

I spun Jan around and pulled her down onto my engorged cock. I slipped easily up into her soaking pussy and she sank down moaning gratefully. She leaned forward and began riding me while intently watching Bob and Linda just a few feet across from us. 

'Fuck me...Oh...fuck me,' she whimpered. I began pushing up into her as she came down on me. Then we saw Linda and Bob finish. He started shuddering. He pushed up into Linda as she ground herself down onto his long cock. They came as one, both of them grinding together. I could see his cock plunging into her and his contractions as he emptied his balls deep in her. 

Jan was close to coming, as was I. I tried to hold back, waiting for her when she lunged down on me, I drove up into her as we both came. She held me with the muscles of her pussy for a few moments, before she fell back onto my chest as I slipped from her. We lay still recovering. I reached up a hand to cup her right breast and she turned her head to my cheek giving it a gentle kiss.

We sat there for another ten to twenty minutes, just relaxing. There was no awkwardness or shyness, just a sated period while we relaxed. I felt no jealousy at all, after seeing my wife with Bob. Rather I wanted to see more. We had been intimate with Stick and Jim, but I knew Bob wanted this for a long time. 

'Well,' Jan said quietly. 'Next time I get to give you a blowjob. OK?' Looking up at me.

'Any time you want,' I replied and we all laughed.

We staggered up to the cabin still nude and began cleaning up.

Linda was the one who found the note from Jim and Stick on the kitchen counter. Jim and Stick are the ranchers across the lake who lease our property to run cattle. It was a little bit of a surprise.

"Hi guys. 

I dropped by to sign the new lease but saw you were busy.

Don't forget dinner tonight. Come over anytime and hang out.

Stick."

This did not shock me. Did she see us at the lake? Should we go?

It was Jan who decided. 'Lets just go. I like both of them. And if she saw us, so what? We can invite them to join in.' She looked at us with a wide grin. 'We are doing this again. Aren't we?' The new and improved Jan insisted. We all agreed.

While Bob and I waited the girls were in one of the bedrooms getting ready. I wondered what was taking so long as Linda is usually very quick with her make-up, etc. 

Finally, they made their entrance. 

Linda was wearing a loose reddish opaque top with a white belt and a stretchy, tight white mini skirt. She was not wearing a bra and her lovely tits could be glimpsed as she moved. She had on white high heeled sandals.

I couldn't believe the transformation of Jan. She was wearing one of Linda's tops, a tight green T-shirt with short sleeves and a plunging neck line with four thin straps criss-crossing the front keeping her marvelous breasts in check. On Linda it was tight, but on Jan it looked like it was painted on. The plunging neck line barely covered her nipples leaving a wonderful view of her beautiful tits and obvious lack of a bra. Her skirt was also one of Linda's. A short loose off-white skirt just covering Jan's ass and a pair of high heeled sandals. I was hoping for a little wind when we went outside.

'May I present the new and sensational Jan,' she said pushing the slightly reluctant and blushing Jan forward. Bob and I stood there with our mouths open and at the same time said, 'Wow'.

'Well you did say to "flaunt it". It's not too much, is it?' Jan asked smiling shyly. The three of us stood there with wide grins on our faces drinking in her beautiful transformation. 

'You are stunning,' Linda said twirling her around giving us a peak of her tiny red thong and ass as the skirt flared.

'You are good friends with Stick, Linda. What do you think? Will she like it? I mean me...well...you know. The way I'm dressed?'

'She will absolutely love it.' She assured Jan. 'She likes to get all dressed up as well. You just wait and see.'

Linda was right. When we arrived at the ranch, Stick greeted us at the door and this time all of us uttered, Wow.

Stick, (her nick-name) is six feet tall with short dark hair. She is thirty years old with a long lean body and the longest most beautiful legs I have ever seen. Tonight, she was dressed in a black tight thin cotton shirt-dress with buttons down the front and a colorful scarf tied around her waist. The dress ended at mid thigh and the top three buttons and the bottom two were undone. And a pair of red high heels accentuating her long legs. She was braless and the dress barely contained her tits. 

Stick is a hugger and kisser. She made the rounds to us hugging and kissing us all...but this time it was on the lips. Humm. When she came to Jan she smiled fondly and took her by the hands examining her body fully. 'Wow, Jan. You look absolutely gorgeous.' She leaned in to kiss her and said quietly, 'Good enough to eat.' Jan blushed and held Stick closer.

Jim arrived, adding his positive vote to Jan. He gave her a rather longer hug saying, 'It's about time you came out of your shell. You're positively beautiful.' Jan smiled happily at the tall man.

Jim is six and a half feet tall. He is forty years old and looks exactly like what a cowboy should look like. Lean, weathered and with a handsome face. 

Their home is a large red cedar log house tastefully decorated with paintings and photographs of people and places around the area, done by both of them. There is one large photograph that I love. It's a black and white full-sized photo of Stick taken at the old barn on our property. She is naked, leaning against the side of the barn. But even being naked you can only just glimpse a hint of one of her breasts as she holds a piece of hay in her mouth, her leg bent, foot resting against the wall. They could make a good living as artists but love their ranch more. 

Jim barbequed some wonderful steaks and we managed to kill off a couple of bottles of wine. We continued with a few stronger drinks after dinner sitting in the games room around a poker table. We began a game of cards, after awhile Jan asked Stick how she got her nick-name. Stick was quiet for a couple of seconds. Then she smiled and told us her story.

'I was working my way through university,' she paused smiling. 'As a stripper. One night after finishing my act, two guys caught me out back and tried to rape me. Jim, who happened to be driving by stopped and saved my ass. I mean...literally.' She smiled at Jim. 'I was bare assed naked. Jim handed me his jean jacket after disposing of the two assholes, stared at my long legs and naked butt with a shy grin and asked me, "Can you cook?" We were married six months later.' 

'But you haven't told us how you got your nick-name,' Jan pointed out.

'Oh yah. Won a Sex-on-a-Stick contest once. When I told Jim that he laughed and has called me Stick ever since.'

Everyone thought this was a great story and it sort of evolved into all of us telling embarrassing little stories. 

'The first time I had sex was a disaster. The cops drove up just as I was to do the deed. Got one stroke and that was all.' Linda said with a grin.

'I walked in on my Mom and Dad once. Bummer.' Bob quipped. 'Nobody should see that.'

'I like girls as well as men.' Stick shared to no one's surprise.

'My Dad tried to have "The talk" with me. Turned out I knew more than he did. So, I gave him some advise.' I shared. 

'I like girls too. And I have no gag reflex.' Jan said quietly. This stopped the game. 

'What?' Both Jim and I said as one.

Everyone had had a few drinks by now so this became a new subject. 

'Yah. That's true,' Bob said smiling. 'Jan can swallow anyone...err... anything, well you know what I mean,' he corrected too late.

'Did you happen to see anything this afternoon when you were over at the cabin?' Jan said trying to steer the conversation away from her unique abilities. 

Stick who was in the process of refreshing the drinks, put the beaker down and standing behind Jan reached around her and slid both hands down to her perfect breasts and gave them a tender squeeze. Then kissed her on the cheek. 'Yes dear. I did see a delightful scene. I wanted to join you but did not want to interfere.'

'Jan,' Jim began tentatively. 'I've noticed a remarkable change, for the better to be sure, in your clothing and a new sensuality you have never displayed before. What happened?'

'Err...well...,' she looked at a smiling Bob.

'Go ahead Jan. It's time you spoke up.'

'Well, with the help of Linda and Stick I came out of my shell after Bob and I married.' She explained her history with her first husband and the Goals Stick had given her ending with the party. 

'You remember the big surprise party at Linda and Andy's place in May?' She asked Jim who nodded. 'Bob and I were relegated to the living room for sleeping. Right?' She grinned at Linda and me as she continued. 'I was on the couch and Bob was on an air mattress. At around three o'clock in the morning, Andy came downstairs. He was naked as a baby and went to the fridge.'

'Wait a minute. You can't see the kitchen from the living room.' I interrupted.

'You can if you happen to be looking at the reflection in the china cabinet.' Jan grinned as she continued. 'Anyway, Andy stood before the fridge and you came down and joined him. You were also naked.' Linda grinned nodding her agreement of the events. 

'You came up behind Andy and draped yourself to his back. I woke up Bob at this time, shushing him and pointing to the reflection of the two of you. You were giggling as you reached around and took his...err...his, thing in your hand. And you played with him as he searched the fridge.' She stopped, looking intently at Andy and Linda, who were smiling at the memory. 'Then...then you pushed Andy down onto a kitchen chair, knelt down and began sucking his dick. He told you to be quiet and finally got up, threw you over his shoulder and with a friendly smack on your ass carried you upstairs.' There was a sad smile on her face. 'It was then I realized that I was a bit of a cold bitch. You were so enjoying your sexuality, whereas I was just going through the motions. Allowing Bob to fuck me every now and then without really joining in. I had an epiphany at that point and wanted what you guys had. I pulled Bob up on the couch and...well...that's when we found out I had no gag reflex.' She smiled shyly, 'Also I completed the last coal Stick had suggested,'

We all laughed at this story.

'So that was the first time you tried oral sex?' an astonished Jim asked.

'Yes. But I have been practising since then.'

'A lot,' Bob confirmed happily. To everyone's joy, even to a blushing Jan.

'How's your drinks?' Stick asked as she rose, giving a knowing glance at Jan, to get the pitcher of Tequila Sunrises. 

'I'll get them,' Jan volunteered as the pitcher was next to her. She got up and starting with her husband, began topping us up. As she leaned in to fill his glass, Bob reached up under her short skirt and fondled her shapely ass. Jan smiled down at him and stood quietly enjoying his touch while we enjoyed the view. Then she went to Linda and began filling her glass, Linda's hand went up Jan's skirt as well.
