 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

*****

Megan and I were more acquaintances than friends. We lived a few blocks from each other but really only knew each other because we both rode the light rail to and from work. We didn't always catch it at the same time but, when we did, we would usually ride together. We'd never reached the point of hanging out aside from during our commute though we had exchanged contact information and would occasionally text each other. I'd say that there was occasional flirting and I always kind of figured that, if the right circumstances ever presented themselves, things could potentially happen between us. She was not bad looking; blonde with some curves. I'd definitely thought about how she'd look naked.

When her name came up as my phone was ringing late one Saturday night, my first thought was that maybe this was my opportunity. Unfortunately, when I answered, she sounded frantic.

"I didn't know who else to call," she said, breathlessly, "My friend, Rena, cut her foot and we've been drinking and it's bleeding and I'm not sure I can handle this."

"You could call 911," I suggested, "They'll definitely send somebody equipped to handle this sort of thing."

"She doesn't have any insurance, though," Megan replied, "Do you think you could come over and take a look at it and, if you think it is bad enough, maybe you could help me get her to the hospital?"

"Okay, sure, I'll be right over," I said, definitely thinking with my dick. Gratitude translating to sex had absolutely crossed my mind. I grabbed the first aid kit that I kept in my hydration backpack for hiking, checked that it had gauze, medical tape and butterfly closures, among many other things, and headed out the door. It was less than ten minutes after I hung up that I was ringing her doorbell.

"Oh thank God," she said, as she let me in.

"Hi," her friend said, "sorry about this."

She was sitting on the floor with bloody paper towels pressed against the bottom of her foot. I noted two things immediately, neither of which had to do with her injury. The first thing was that she was definitely not hard on the eyes; she was an ebony cutie with just the right amount of curves like Megan. The second thing was that she was swaying a bit as she sat there. There were a lot of bloody paper towels around but I had a pretty good idea why.

"Okay, let me take a look at that," I said, sitting near her on the floor as Megan hovered. I pulled the paper towel wad away and took a look. "So tell me what happened."

"There's a broken tile in my bathroom," Megan answered, "I keep meaning to do something about it."

"I guess I just caught it right as I was leaving the bathroom," her friend replied, "My name's Rena, by the way."

I introduced myself and shook her hand.

"It doesn't actually look too bad," I said, "I think the bleeding may have stopped but we should get it cleaned up and confirm that. Why don't Megan and I help you back to the bathroom so we can clean it up in the tub."

I had her sit on the edge of the tub with Megan supporting her as I washed her foot and found that, not only had the bleeding finally stopped, but the cut actually wasn't that bad at all. I got it dried off, put some antibiotic ointment on it then wrapped it well with gauze in case the bleeding started again. By the time I was done, Rena appeared to be on the verge of dozing off while Megan still seemed pretty wired by the whole experience. We got Rena standing again and Megan suggested we put her to bed so she led us to her bedroom. For somebody who lived alone, she had a very large bed, which I suspected I'd be picturing in future fantasies about her being naked. I didn't know if my chances of seeing her naked were shot or not because she'd seemed like she might still be a bit too freaked out to be horny. Back out in her living room, she cleaned up the paper towels then I helped her clean up the blood. Fortunately, she had hardwood floors rather than wall-to-wall carpet.

"Why did it bleed so much?" she asked as she scrubbed a dried spot.

"I'd guess it was because you guys were drinking," I replied, "I think alcohol thins the blood and makes it more difficult to clot."

"Oh, that makes sense," she said, "Rena definitely drank more than I did since I was driving."

Once everything was cleaned up and we'd both washed our hands thoroughly, we were back in the living room and I was thinking that I either needed to make a move or head for the door. I got the sense that she was not too impaired to consent, if she was interested, and that this could be the opportunity that I'd been hoping for. Before I stepped up, though, she took things into her own hands.

"I can't possibly thank you enough for coming over and taking care of Rena," she said, throwing her arms around me and hugging me. I hugged her back, feeling the blood moving toward my cock as I held her body against mine. We stood there like that for long enough that it could have gotten awkward if we weren't obviously on the same page. Finally, we pulled our heads apart just enough to look into each other's eyes for a moment before we started kissing. My cock definitely started growing stiff at that point and I'm sure she must have felt it. If she didn't initially, when I dropped my hands to her ass and pulled her against it, I'm sure she couldn't have missed it. Our tongues slipped into each other's mouths and we made out passionately as I caressed and squeezed her ass.

"I'm horny," she finally whispered into my ear as we briefly came up for air.

"I'm pretty sure I can help with that, too," I replied, kissing her again.

"Am I asking too much?" she asked, between kisses, "Am I taking advantage of you?"

"I'll tell you what," I said, "I'm really interested in seeing you naked. You want to thank me for my help with Rena? Let me see that. As far as you being horny? I'll throw in helping you resolve that as a freebie."

"You're so generous," she said with a smile. She guided me backwards toward the couch then pushed me so that I ended up sitting on it. She was wearing a fairly snug dress that came down just above her knees. She reached for the hem as she started subtly gyrating to unheard music. She worked the hem slowly upward, revealing more and more of her thighs. My cock was growing even harder, especially when her panties came into view. Holding the hem around her waist, she turned to show me the thin strip of material running up between her ass cheeks, bending forward slightly. I knew she was wearing a thong from when I'd had my hands on her ass but it was sure nice to see it and her nearly bare ass. When she was facing me again, she started rubbing the front of her panties.

"Ooh, that's not helping the situation," she said with a laugh and took her hand away from her panties and started raising the hem of her dress up even higher. Her stomach was exposed, followed by a bra that matched her thong panties. Her head disappeared briefly within the dress then it was completely off and she stood before me in just matching bra and thong panties as it dropped to the floor. My cock was ready to rip through my jeans as I stared at her body so, in order to entice her to kick it in and get completely naked, I opened my jeans and pushed them and my underwear down enough so that it sprung out. Her eyes went wide and she immediately reached back to unfasten her bra. She let it slide down her arms, revealing her above-average sized breasts with big, light pink areolas and hard nipples. I watched them swinging as she leaned forward, sliding her panties down, then my attention was on her dark blonde landing strip as she kicked her panties aside.

I went ahead and pushed my jeans and underwear completely down then kicked them away as she approached me. Before she straddled me on the couch, I took my shirt off, too, so that I was as naked as she was. I was absorbing every detail of her naked body as she got closer and it was everything I'd hoped it would be. She braced herself on the back of the couch as she planted a knee on each side of me while I guided my cock toward her approaching pussy. Once I had the head between her lips, she lowered herself down onto my cock and we both moaned. She was incredibly hot and wet, and fairly snug as well, so the feeling of her pussy sliding down my throbbing cock was outstanding. My hands moved initially to her waist as she started to slowly ride my cock but, about the time she brought her lips to mine and we started to make out again, my hands moved up to caress the soft, smooth flesh of her tits. I left it to her to control the pace as I enjoyed the feel of her tits in my hands and her tongue in my mouth. 

It didn't take long before she got a good rhythm going and started to move up and down on my cock more quickly. I knew I'd be happy with whatever pace she set and, based on how hot and wet her pussy had been combined with her declaration about being horny, I suspected that it wouldn't take much before she was cumming. I don't believe that my cock could have been any harder, which may have been helping her along. I'd thought about kissing her, fucking her and seeing her naked plenty of times but, to have all three finally occurring had me about as fired up as I could be. I didn't feel like I was in any immediate danger of cumming, more because of exactly how she was humping my cock than the fact that she actually was humping it. Not that it didn't feel absolutely outstanding but it just so happened that it was working for me that I was able to enjoy her riding my cock without immediately blowing my load into her. Maybe the sexual chemistry was just that good.

She was bouncing up and down harder and faster the closer she got to cumming and we ended up having to stop making out because it became too difficult. With a bit of space between us, I was able to admire her bouncing tits so I moved my hands around to caress her round ass. My attention remained on her tits even when she slowed down dramatically just prior to starting to shake as she came. She moaned loud enough that Rena would have heard if she wasn't passed out, despite being in the bedroom with the door closed. Her orgasm appeared to be pretty intense and went on long enough that I was able to relax a bit, knowing that I'd successfully satisfied her. I knew that it wasn't entirely to my credit that she was having such an apparently powerful orgasm but I also was pretty sure that she would give me most of the credit which likely meant a return invitation. I would be really happy for the opportunity to fuck her, and see her naked, on a regular basis.

Once she'd finished cumming, she sat still on my lap, my cock still embedded in her as she caught her breath. I went back to caressing her tits, brushing my hands over her hard nipples, while I waited for her to recover. When she finally kissed me again, I started turning her to the side and managed to position myself on top of her without slipping out of her hot pussy. We continued making out as I started to slowly fuck her again, sliding the full length of my cock slowly in and out of her. She was raising her hips to accept my thrusting, our bodies moving in complete synchronicity. I think her pussy was even hotter and wetter since she'd cum, which I wouldn't have even thought possible when I first slipped into her. I was glad she'd already cum, though, because it felt so incredible that I knew I wouldn't be able to last much longer.

I was supporting myself on my forearms so that I didn't squash her but I kept my body close enough to hers to feel her bare skin against mine. Even before I was fucking her harder and faster, I could feel a thin sheen of sweat developing between us. As hot and wet as it was becoming between us, it still couldn't compare to how hot and wet her pussy was. I was still a little bit shocked that I was actually fucking her though I was incredibly grateful that I'd been able to make her cum before I did. It was kind of funny because I couldn't remember the last time I'd had missionary sex on a couch like this and it made me think about when I was younger and didn't have my own place or date girls who had their own place. It felt kind of like being in somebody's parents' house, although without the chance of anyone walking in on us. I think all of my recent couch fucking had been as we'd started - upright - so this was a nice change of pace. Of course, back in the day, we'd both still have had most of our clothes still on.

I'd probably already lasted longer than I would have back in the day, too, but I was getting close and relishing the pleasure I was feeling. I am quite certain that what happened next never happened on anyone's parents' couch and it made me quite happy to be beyond that stage in my sex life. I would have been quite content to continue fucking until I blew my load but Megan had a request that I could not deny.

"Can I finish you with my mouth?" she asked, pulling her mouth from mine "I want to suck your cock."

"Of course," I replied and raised myself up off of her. She moved off of the couch onto the floor as I sat, kneeling before me as I thought about how incredibly lucky I was to have this sexy, naked blonde ready to suck my cock and swallow my load. I leaned back as she gripped the base of my tool and lowered her head, engulfing it in her hot mouth. I moaned as she inhaled my cock and started moving her lips up and down my shaft while pumping the base. While she was enthusiastic, she was not blowing me hard and fast; she was demonstrating skill by setting a pace that was providing a high level of pleasure. I'd been pretty close to spewing right before we'd switched things up but she still managed to draw out the pleasure I was feeling even longer without making it feel like I was being denied an orgasm. I also got the sense that she was enjoying sucking my cock, though I couldn't imagine that she was enjoying it as much as I was.

My cock started to swell even more as I was on the verge of cumming, but she never hesitated. Even as I started to spew into her mouth while letting out a louder moan, she just swallowed my load and continued to suck my cock. Only once I was completely spent and my cock beginning to soften did she let it fall from her mouth and smile up at me.

"That was outstanding," I said, reaching out to caress her cheek, "This whole experience has been outstanding."

"Well it's been a long time coming," she replied, "in more ways than one."

I leaned down and kissed her then, bracing herself on my knees, she stood before helping me up. We embraced, our naked bodies pressing together, and just stood there for a moment. I was enjoying the feel of her soft, smooth skin against mine but realized that I was a bit tired, which was no surprise given how late it was. I didn't want to get dressed and go home to sleep but I knew that Rena was in her bed, though it had looked big enough to fit all of us. I figured I could probably suck up getting dressed again if it meant falling asleep with Megan in my arms but she had other plans.

"Let's go crawl in bed with Rena," she finally said, "How hilarious will it be when she wakes up and we're both in there with her, naked?"

I had no idea how hilarious it would be since I'd just met Rena, but I was game if she was; anything to be naked with her even longer, especially through the night. We left our clothes where they lay and she led me to her bedroom. Rena was still out cold on one side of the bed so Megan had me climb into the middle so I was between them. We kissed a bit then she slipped into my arms and we were soon asleep.

When I awoke the next morning, which was probably actually just a few hours later, it wasn't because the sun was starting to seep in around the blinds or because I had to pee. I woke from a pretty deep sleep because the pleasure I was feeling was just too much to sleep through. Of course it took a moment to recall where I was but I was much less concerned with that than with who was sucking my cock so well, especially when I realized the Megan was still beside me. I blinked the sleep from my eyes and gazed down to see Rena's lips wrapped around my tool, moving skillfully up and down. I just watched with a smile on my face, wondering if this was another thank you.

"You should ride his cock," Megan said, suddenly breaking the silence and causing Rena to look up, "I'm wet just from watching so I know you're on fire."

"That okay with you?" Rena asked, slipping my cock from her mouth and looking up at me.

"Absolutely," I replied, "as long as you are as naked as we are."

She straightened up on her knees at the foot of the bed and raised her dress up over her head, revealing a matching set of bra and panties just as Megan had been wearing. I barely had time to register this before her bra was sliding down her arms, revealing her full, chocolaty breasts topped with large, dark nipples and areolas. As I goggled at them, she was sliding her panties down, revealing that her pussy was completely smooth. I could already see myself both fucking those titties and eating that smooth pussy. Fucking would be first, however, as she'd quickly shed her panties completely then was moving up to straddle me, her tits bouncing enticingly. As she was guiding my cock toward her smooth pussy, Megan started to get up but my attention remained on her friend. Rena lowered herself onto my cock, causing both of us to moan, but before she started riding it, Megan kissed her and caressed her tits. I could not believe this was the direction things were going but I had no problem with it at all.

Megan turned and moved up to straddle my head, blocking my view of Rena as she was beginning to slowly ride my cock. The view of Megan's dark blonde landing strip was an acceptable substitution, however, and I admired it as she brought it in closer, not having had the benefit of this perspective the previous night. It was a thing of beauty but, as soon as it was close enough, I stopped admiring it and started running my tongue along her slit, tasting the juices that were already flowing quite abundantly. She started moaning along with Rena, whose snug, slippery pussy felt incredible as it moved slowly up and down my shaft. I had Megan's ass in my hands as I lapped at her pussy and, glancing up, I could see her tits looming overhead. I would have been happy just for the opportunity to eat Megan's pussy while admiring her tits this morning so having already had my cock sucked, however briefly, and now having my cock ridden was so much more that calling it a bonus didn't do it justice.

As I moved my tonguing from her slit to her clit, I brought a hand down from Megan's ass so I could slip a finger up into her hot, slippery pussy. She moaned even more as I licked and sucked her clit while fingering her. Meanwhile, Rena was gradually picking up her pace as she continued to ride me and her pussy just kept feeling hotter and wetter. I had no idea whether she was stroking her clit or fondling her bouncing tits but the thought of her doing either was definitely appealing. I suspected that, even after this morning, I'd have ample opportunity to experience every aspect of sex with her. Since Megan lived nearby, I was sure that she and I would see each other more frequently, but it was a pretty good bet that this wouldn't be the only time Rena was involved, too. The question just remained whether Rena and I would see each other without Megan. It would have surprised me if we didn't.
