 I'm old and gray now, here in Massachusetts. I'm settled, with grandchildren. But I still enjoy my memories, especially the sexual conquests. God, how I love women. Today I'm remembering Emily the engineer — environmental engineer, to be precise.

In my early 20s, not long after college, I worked in the planning office of a coastal town, and we hired Emily's consulting firm to advise us on the extension of our town pier. It was quite a project, so I got to know her through a series of meetings. After construction began, she would come down from Boston now and then to go over the plans with me, and our talk would range back and forth from our work to our personal lives. I remember one sunny afternoon when she had the plans spread out on a picnic table in the park next to the pier. The loud, rhythmic beat of the nearby pile driver forced us to raise our voices.

"Did I tell you I'm a swimmer?" she said.

"On a team?"

"Not anymore, but I do try to swim every day for at least 45 minutes, at a reservoir near my house."

"They allow swimming in the reservoir? That doesn't sound environmentally correct," I teased.

"No, but I do it anyway. There are plenty of dirt roads that lead to secluded coves."

"Do you push yourself to increase your distance every day?

"How did you know? I do get kind of obsessive about it. I time myself, and I have a little gismo like a pedometer, but for swimmers."

"Do you shave all over, like those Olympic swimmers, to reduce the drag?

"No, I'm not quite that bad. I have a bathing cap and a Speedo, but look at my arms — I hardly have any hair to begin with. Sometimes, when no one's around, I swim nude."

"Oh really? Do you need to shave before those times?"

A small smile flickered across her face, then she lowered her head to the plans for the pier. "About this float at the end..." She was back to business.

I loved her brown hair, which was cropped short but still long enough to flop when she looked down. She must have used a top-notch shampoo; it was clean and silky. And her face was open, pert, wholesome. I liked this woman, I realized. I figured she must be just over 30. When we stood together, she was a head shorter, and her body was tight — she was an athlete, I now knew. She was intelligent. And she dressed well. Today she wore a sharply tailored summer-weight suit (I was wearing a tie, myself).

That evening we met for a quick swim on a remote saltwater beach. There were about 10 of us, actually — her co-workers and mine. I watched her closely, trying not to be obvious. She was indeed a powerful swimmer, even through the waves. There was no way could I keep up. There was talk of us meeting for dinner after we had cleaned up, but she called to cancel before I had left my little rental cottage. She said she felt a cold coming on, but she invited me to visit her at her apartment sometime. "Bring your swimsuit," she added. She lived a bit west of Boston. I wasn't sure where I stood with her personally, but the invitation made it easier to face another dinner alone.

A few weeks later, when I was in Boston to visit a college friend, I gave Emily a call on Saturday evening. She and her roommate were about to go out drinking, she said. Instead of inviting me to join them, she suggested I drop by her place around 10 the next morning. "I don't go to church," she chirped. I said I'd be there.

I arrived at the duplex (top floor) at 10 sharp, of course. It was a July day, and promised to be a hot one. Emily's roommate answered the kitchen door, introducing herself as Trudy and acting surprised to see me. Trudy had flaming red hair, freckles, and large, firm breasts. She was in a nightgown, and her eyelids were half closed. She explained that she and Emily had stayed out quite late the night before (cruising for guys?). Just then, Emily came in, drying her hair with a towel. Fresh out of the shower, apparently, she wore a thin sundress with a pattern of tiny blue flowers.

"I'm sorry, Trudy, I forgot to tell you I invited him over. We work together on that pier project."

With that, she turned on her heels, motioning me to follow her, and flopped down on a daybed in a little room just off the kitchen. She was on her back and looking at the ceiling. I saw no evidence of a bra. Not sure what she expected, I lay down next to her, to her right. Our talk was trivial. I felt awkward, but excited. Then I risked everything — I placed my hand on her flat tummy. There was a pause, then she turned her head toward me.

"Touch me," she whispered.

"Bonanza," I thought to myself, but I was determined to keep my cool. I knew she could jump up at any minute if I pushed things too far, too fast. Yet I slowly slid my hand down her dress until it cupped her vulva.

"Like this?," I asked.

"Mmmmmm," she said.

Sitting up a little, I used my other hand to gently pull the thin straps of her dress off each shoulder, then pulling the dress down to reveal her breasts. They were perfectly formed — a bit on the small side, but that's what I prefer. I slowly bent my head to take a lovely little nipple between my lips, and it stiffened immediately. That's how I like them, too. I went from one breast to the next and back again; kissing ever so lightly. Her erratic breathing communicated what I needed to know.

I began to lightly trace my right hand up her thigh; just grazing her soft skin and feeling her move her legs about an inch farther apart. I fluttered the tips of my fingers up her other thigh, going farther up this time. With each pass I grew closer to the ultimate destination. She arched her back a bit. Finally, as I swirled my tongue in long slow circles around one of her nipples, my middle finger came to rest lightly on her slit. Through her thin cotton panties I could feel the heat of her fresh cunt. With phenomenal self-control, I resisted the temptation to curve a finger underneath the fabric to feel what I thought by now might be a hairless pussy. Instead, I teased her labia with the lightest touch imaginable, through the cotton. Her pelvis rose — I had the green light.

Slowly, happily, still tonguing her nipple, I moved my hand up under her dress to the skin of her smooth belly. After waiting a few seconds there, I kissed her. She kissed me back with enthusiasm, and I slid my palm downward, under the panties, to lightly cup her cute little mound. (Is there anything better? No.) To my delight, she was indeed shaved bald down there. She moaned. I gently slid my middle finger down to the opening of her vagina, which was tight but slick.

I rose to my knees, pivoting so that I was at a right angle to her body.

"OK?" I asked, as I began to pull her panties down her tanned thighs.

"You bet," she responded, hooking a toe under the panties, sliding them down to her ankles, and kicking them off her feet. I saw her legs open wider, and I kissed her again. The marvelous aroma of her sex hit me then, made my dick twitch. While my left hand cupped her breast, my right-hand middle finger returned to her vagina. Farther in it went. Finding her clit was no problem for my thumb, which circled the swelling nub slowly. Just as I noticed that Emily was breathing more heavily, she smiled at me and slid her knees up. The hem of her dress slid down her thighs.

"Yessssss," she hissed.

Still kneeling at her side, I tongued her slit. My finger was still in her, probing gently for her G-spot. I decided to move my other hand down from her breast, to lovingly knead and lightly pinch the rubbery flesh of her outer labia as my tongue swiped up and down the pinched groove. I felt her body tense up, and I knew that was my cue to kiss her clit, which is exactly what I did. She opened her legs all the way, and I moved to the foot of the bed to kiss her sweetmeats. I licked her as my finger pressed up toward my tongue from inside her. Suddenly, I began to kiss and suck her clit, which I knew would put her over the edge. She took a deep breath and stopped breathing. Just as she started to come, I moved my right pinky down to push against her anus, and wow — a whole lotta shakin' goin' on. She trembled, bucked, and twitched for a good minute. I felt her little cunt pulse, then clamp down on my embedded finger.

By now I was very turned on, as you can imagine. Engulfed in her scent, standing at the foot of the bed, I lifted her legs up high until only her head and shoulders were touching the bed. Her dress was bunched around her middle. Her toes were pointed at the ceiling. I put a hand on her vulva, and she understood, spreading her outstretched legs in a wide V. Now, with my hands on her calves, I looked straight down into her most private place, which was open and seeping. As I hoped she would, she brought her hands around behind, to support her lower back — the "bicycle rider" exercise position. I paused because I knew I was going to remember this moment forever. Then I bend forward and covered her sex with my mouth. I tried to keep it slow at first, but I couldn't restrain myself. Within seconds I was slurping her genitals like a hungry dog.

Emily was groaning approval, so I decided to do something I'd only read about in an erotic story. I stuck my tongue in her asshole. She immediately closed her thighs against my neck, her legs draped over my shoulders. My hands went to the backs of her thighs, and I continued my frantic slurping/probing from one hole to the other — up and down her whole crotch, actually. Her body started to quiver, so I knew she was on the edge again. I snaked one hand up to her clit and toggled the slippery nub, fast and hard. Sure enough, she erupted like Vesuvius, with a gasp that turned to a shout.

"Wow," she said. My fingers explored her lower lips a bit more as she came down from her powerful orgasm.

"Glad you liked it, because I sure did," I said, flopping down on my back next to her. I was still fully clothed, but I had a powerful erection. We kissed.

"Now let's fuck," she said.

She stood up and pulled her rumpled dress over her head. Now she was totally naked, with that glistening bald vulva curving out so prettily. Her hands went to my belt buckle. She could see my cock straining for release. I decided to just let her undress me; I lay there smiling like a happy idiot. When she had my pants and boxers off, she took my erect stalk in both her hands, then slid it into her mouth — one quick suck, ending with a little smacking sound as she pulled away. "Nice," she said.

She quickly lay back down next to me, raised her knees and opened them. No more words were necessary. Nor was more foreplay. As fast as I could, I moved between her legs and, on my hands and knees now, bent down to kiss her mouth. I felt those strong, lean swimmer's legs wrap around me and pull me into her. I stretched deep inside, and her cunt clamped around my penis. What a feeling. I belonged in there, and we both knew it. I pulled back, then plunged deeper, then deeper still. Just as my penis is the real me, her vagina is the real her, so I was in her, really in her. Her sugar walls contracted again. Was it on purpose? It was as if her vagina didn't want to let me go, ever, and that was fine with me. Those legs began to slam me in harder, like that pile driver at the pier. Before long, she came yet again, roaring this time. My roars started before hers were over. It was one of the most intense orgasms of my life.

When I finally eased out of Emily and rolled (the roll of "rock & roll") onto my back to cool off, I noticed Trudy standing in the doorway. How long had she been there? Relieving me of any worries, she applauded.

"I thought you were never going to fuck that girl!" she said. "She needed it."

I thought I saw her hand swinging away from her crotch, but I wasn't sure. Emily didn't appear to mind Trudy's presence one way or the other. If she didn't mind, why should I? In fact, it made the whole scene more exciting.

"Anyone for a swim?" Trudy asked.

At the reservoir, the three of us swam together, me following the two women around a little point and into a deserted cove where we rested briefly on a nice beach. Trudy was a big girl, but not fat. Her hips were much wider than Emily's but she was still mouth-watering. Both women looked amazing in their sleek, navy-blue Speedos. Both were in tip-top condition. We swam back out into the cove together, with me in the middle, and stopped where we could still touch. The water was up to our chests. Emily leaned over to nuzzle me, not necessarily in a sexual way. But Trudy, at my other side, grabbed a cheek of my ass!

"How about including me this time?" she asked. I turned to Emily. "OK with me," she shrugged. At that, Trudy put the same hand against my ass cheek, but this time inside my trunks. My response was to wrap an arm around each woman's waist and pull them in front of me, their hips touching. We were clustered there in the water. I slid my hands around Emily's and Trudy's hips to their splendid vulvas — a pussy in each hand! It was a first for me, and I was very aroused. My fingers traced both vertical smiles through the swimsuits. That's when both women turned to me, kissing my face and humping my thighs. Oh my god — all by themselves my fingers found their way around the nylon and into both slots simultaneously, wiggling. Nothing was more gratifying than the dual groans I heard in return. Four hands reached for my cock. I didn't know if it was their first threesome, but I didn't care.

Shall we continue this on the beach? I asked.

"Me first!" crowed Trudy.

Back at the beach, we shed our suits. I found a sunny spot of dry sand, sat down, then leaned back, supporting myself on my elbows. Trudy walked toward me, breasts bouncing. My eyes were on the drops of water caught in her red bush, flashing in the sun. She stood at my feet, wearing nothing but a wicked smile. Another step and she straddled me. Without a word, she gracefully lowered herself to her knees. As I play it back in my memory it feels like slow-motion movie — her smile is even wider now as she bends to my crotch and in one fluid motion engulfs my cock in her mouth. I groan. My dick had been growing as she approached, and after only a few seconds in Trudy's mouth it was at its hardest. Her hand fondled my scrotum, and one finger pressed against my perineum. Her kinky red curls had fallen forward, hiding her face, but she soon pulled away to brush them aside and look me in the face.

"It has just the right curve," she announced. "I can tell that the head of your cock is going to hit my G-spot."

"When?" I gasped.

"Oh, soon. Very soon."

Then she stood up. I saw her in all her glory, her hips forming a perfect valentine with her flaming pubic triangle right in the middle. Her engorged labia were like two raw lamb chops. I realize that might not sound too appetizing, but don't be quick to judge, dear reader. If your stiff prick were to be enveloped by those netherlips, all warm and sticky-sweet, you would have a very positive opinion. Trust me. 

Straddling me, still on her feet, she made her way toward my face. I smelled her arousal, then tasted her, then she knelt, pushing my face back and painting it with her love honey. Her slick folds settled on my mouth and nose, where I tried to make them happy.

"I know, you can't breathe that way," she said, inching her way back down my body. "So let's get something straight between us!" As she leaned down to kiss me, I felt her lamb chops tenderly closing around my penis. I was inside her.

I wouldn't say I was relaxed. On the contrary, I was extremely excited. But she continued to do all the work, tilting her pelvis so my glans hit her just where she wanted it to.

"Yeah," she growled. "Right there." And she began to raise and lower herself, expertly clenching me with her fiery cunt on every upward stroke.

"Oh, God," I said. "Where did you learn that?"

"That's my business," she smiled. "Just relax and enjoy it."

I reached up and massaged her ample breasts. Her brown nipples were hard, and her freckled chest was flushed, as if she had a rash. I knew I couldn't hold back much longer, but out of the corner of my eye I saw Emily, watching intently, and still just as nude as the two of us. My feelings were mixed, and it took my mind off my rapidly approaching orgasm just long enough for Trudy to go over the top. 

"Oh, Oh, OH," she shouted, as she spasmed and squirmed. Then she fell on me, kissing me and, just like a cat, licking up the juices she had left on my face. I hugged her tight, and she continued to milk me with her very talented snatch. I exploded into her with exquisite pleasure and what seemed like a cupful of semen.

There followed a few moments of bliss — the afterglow. Eventually, she rolled off me onto her back. By the time I found the energy to pull myself back up onto my elbows, Emily's head was between Trudy's legs! I did a double-take.

"Hey, hey," I said. "You guys didn't tell me about this aspect of your relationship."

Emily stuck her head up. "Should I stop, then?"

"Oh, no," I replied. "By all means, don't stop." She smirked before she returned to lapping my cum from Trudy's open pussy, but not before she noticed my dick was already starting to get chubby again.

Emily drove back, insisting Trudy and I sit in the backseat. We made out — sloppy wet kisses with lots of tongue. Trudy reached into my trunks and made me hard, but then we were back at the house. Trudy went straight to the medicine cabinet for fingernail clippers. I happened to notice, curiously, that she trimmed, quite closely, only the nails of her two middle fingers.

"Into the shower, everyone!" Emily led the way. It was a large shower stall. After we had washed each other with generous suds, Emily kissed me and wrapped her arms around my neck. I instinctively reached back to cup her ass cheeks, and before I knew it she had pulled herself up and wrapped her legs around my waist. From that position, it was a simple matter to impale herself on my hard pole. Thus occupied, I failed to notice Trudy soaping her hands again. She pressed herself against our sides as Emily and I were enjoying the first rush of penetration, for a group hug, I thought.

But Trudy had something else in mind. She slid those freshly clipped middle digits of hers into our assholes simultaneously. It didn't hurt, but it was sudden, I must say. Emily threw her head back and howled. I thought she was in pain, but her hard contractions around my dick told me she was enjoying herself immensely. Those contractions touched off my own orgasm. The intensity of it was like a shock, with full-body trembling I could not control. My legs felt so rubbery that Emily and I nearly tumbled to the shower floor. But I was young, and I knew I would soon recharge. Trudy clucked proudly that she could feel rectal clamping around both her middle fingers as Emily and I climaxed. Yes, it was another good one, all right, after which the three of us dropped to our knees, the shower drenching us, for a very wet group hug and a three-way kiss.

We turned off the shower and stepped out to dry ourselves. It seemed as if Emily and Trudy were hurrying to dry themselves off, and they left the bathroom before I was done. I soon heard Emily calling from down the hall: "We're in Trudy's room."

I found them on Trudy's bed, on their sides, hugging. Trudy looked up when I came in.

"Time for a Trudy sandwich," she said. I'm the meat!"

Soon after I lay down against Trudy's back and tried to reach an arm across both women, Emily slid down to suck one of Trudy's big nipples. But a few seconds later she was swiveling around for a sixty-nine with her roommate, still on her side. Trudy lifted her leg, and Emily began to tongue her slit. Of course my dick, rock-hard again already, was only inches from Trudy's gash and Emily's mouth. Trudy twisted her head to catch my eye with a lustful look, simultaneously swinging an arm over me to pull me closer. Then I felt Emily's fingers around my erection, pulling it toward Trudy's plump labia. It all happened quite fast — I crooked an arm around Trudy's leg to raise it even higher and slammed all the way into her from behind. All three of us were moaning, since Trudy was sucking Emily's clit by now.
