 After graduating from college in 2003 I moved to Brooklyn for two years, I had a pretty wild time there. The first really naughty thing that happened to me was after I'd been working in NYC about 6 months and was hanging out with a group of friends mainly from college and upstate who had gravitated to NYC.

I was in a bar one night with one of my fuck buddies, Noel. He's an artist and I used to model for him but that's another story!  He was telling me he was organising a bachelor party for his friend Pete who was getting married soon. His friend was coming from Ohio to spend the weekend in NY with a group of Noels friends from back home. He'd booked a private room in a bar in the East Village. I asked Noel if he'd booked any strippers, he said he hadn't got around to that yet and was worried he'd left it too late to get a decent one. I guess I'd had a few too many Sam Adams but I asked if I could be the stripper, it had always been a fantasy of mine. After a bit of discussion and a phone-call to me the next morning to check I was still sure, it was agreed. I made it clear I wouldn't accept any money for it though as it was purely to fulfill a fantasy on my part.

I spent all week thinking about outfits, shoes etc. and realised I didn't really have anything suitable other than the black basque and g string (shown on my profile page) but I wanted to strip off more than that. I also didn't have much cash. Saturday came and I went to a couple of charity shops in Park Slope and ended up getting a second hand cheerleader dress and my first proper pair of stilettos (also 2nd hand) for $10. I also got my first ever wax, leaving a little tiny triangle of fur, that cost a lot and hurt like an s.o.b!

We'd arranged for me to arrive at the bar at 11.00pm so I left my apartment wearing my outfit covered by a trench-coat a couple of hours before. In my purse I had my vibrator, several condoms and a big bottle of baby oil. I had several drinks to calm my nerves and when I arrived at 11 pm I was a little tipsy and more than a little horny. 

As I entered, the DJ started to play Da Funk by Daft Punk, do you know it? There were about two dozen guys in the room, shooting pool, drinking, listening to the music and watching a porno on the TV with the volume muted, the only one I knew was Noel who pointed out the groom to be, Pete. I loved dancing to Da Funk (still do) and I shrugged off my coat, pulled Pete, into the middle of the floor and started gyrating around him. I was getting a load of hoots and whistles, more so when I flipped the short skirt up to reveal my g string clad ass. I turned my back to the guy and told him to unzip my dress which he did. I gave a shimmy and the dress was at my ankles, I kicked it to the side of the room and started grinding my ass into the guys' crotch. A minute or so later, I pulled my tits out of the basque cups and gave them a wobble, the guy grabbed them and cupped both breasts, rolling my nipples between his fingers. I was conscious the song was coming to an end so as he was occupied, I hooked my thumbs into the sides of my g string and shimmied out of it, letting it drop to the floor just as the song was ending. 

I pushed the Pete down into a seat, straddled him and thrust my tits into his face, letting him suck my nipples as I ground my pussy into his crotch. After a few minutes I turned around, facing the other guys who were stood in a semi-circle around us, still sat astride Pete, I thrust my breasts out, tweaking my nipples then raised and spread my legs so they could all get a good view as I spread my lips and dipped my fingers in. I was so wet! I told one of the guys watching to hand me his beer bottle. I took a swig from it and the pushed it up deep inside my pussy, it was deliciously cold and stretched me, exposing my erect clit to my cheering audience. I handed the guy his beer back and stood up, walking around the guys, letting them suck my nipples and grope my ass and pussy, after a few minutes I returned to Pete and started to unbutton his chinos to reveal a very respectable cock.

I'm not sure how he did it but Pete kinda got his hands on my hips and lifted me up, putting a leg over each shoulder and started licking my cunt and ass, I fished his cock out and started sucking, I love 69's. Pete soon came in my mouth and I got off him.

All I was wearing was my heels and my basque with my tits hanging out! Some of the guys had their cocks out and were pulling on them. They asked if they could play too. I suggested they poured shots over my breasts and lick it off me. I removed my basque and lay on a table. I was immediately surrounded, a bottle of tequila was produced and poured over my breasts, tummy and pussy, I had tongues working all over my nipples and pussy, I turned over and got onto all fours and let them pour the tequila over my ass and pussy, I could feel it trickling down the inside of my thighs, again it was licked off me, tongues lingered over my asshole and pussy and fingers were starting to probe, some of the guys were taking swigs from the bottle and French kissing me, transferring the liquor into my mouth as they did so, Noel was one of these and he then poured tequila over his cock and made me lick it off, a couple of other guys did the same. I decided to take control and have some fun on my terms. 

I told them to get in a circle around me with their cocks out which they did. I went round one by one, jerking them off one cock in each hand while their hands roamed all over me. Some of them came virtually straight away, splashing my thighs or tummy. After I'd been round the circle doing this, I went round again with my back to them, grinding my butt cheeks against their cocks so their cocks fucked the crack of my butt cheeks. A few more came like this, splashing cum over my back and ass to loud cheers, leaving about 7 or 8 left. I went round again sucking their cocks and got another four to cum this way, swallowing a couple of loads and letting the others splatter my face and tits.

I told the remaining guys it was my turn now, so I got back on a table, spread my legs and asked for someone to lick me and make me cum. I was immediately surrounded on all sides, cocks pushed at my face, hands on my tits and someone between my legs eating me out and pushing a beer bottle inside me, I soon came with all that attention and told Noel to get some condoms out of my purse. A few seconds later a cock slid into my cunt and started thrusting away. For the first time in my life I had a cock in my cunt and one in my mouth. It felt great, especially as both nipples were being sucked, I had hands roaming all over the rest of me and I was jerking a hard cock in each hand. After couple of minutes I felt the cock in my cunt start to cum, unfortunately I also felt hot spunk shooting inside me, the condom had split and I wasn't on the pill. I was too horny to worry though and told the next guy not to bother with the condom.

The guys who I hadn't made cum yet all finished off in my cunt, I also sucked another couple of loads from guys who'd already cum once. One of them was so thick I could barely get it into my mouth! I was then presented with a freshly erect Pete. I requested a drink and a brief rest. I was a bit tipsy and very horny from all the attention but my cunt was getting a bit sore. While I was having a break, I got the baby oil out, squirting way too much of it over my tits and ass. Immediately there were hands rubbing it all over me, I glistened all over and felt very, very foxy and sleek! I got onto a table and pulled back my legs, exposing my cunt and ass to the crowd, lots more oil was poured over me, especially into and over my tits, cunt and asshole.  I poured some more oil into my hand and massaged it into Pete's cock. I whispered to him if he wanted to be the first guy to ever ass fuck me? Silly question I guess. 

I got up, got my vibe from my purse and placed it on the table; bent over the table raised my ass high in the air and spread my butt cheeks, exposing my anus to the whole room. Noel started working first one then two then three fingers into my ass, glugging lots of oil into my gaping hole when he removed his fingers. Fortunately Pete had a long but slim cock and the head entered me quite easily, as he slid it all the way in it felt strange but good. He gently started to build a slow rhythm and after a few minutes came inside me and withdrew to be replaced immediately. I started to rub my clit with my vibe, occasionally sliding it inside me as I sucked off all the cocks proffered. 

I got flipped onto my back and had my ankles pushed behind my head whilst simultaneously being ass fucked and sucking cock as my head tilted back off the edge of the table, the guys just stood up at either side of the table, inserting their members into the fuck hole of their choice. I lost count of how many times I came, and exactly how many guys got to try my ass, I was loving it, I even managed to fit the guy with the really thick cock in. 

After they'd finished, I lay on the table and let the cum trickle out of my ass while I had another drink. A lot of the guys were ready for more but I was pretty beat so I told them they'd just have to jerk off over me which they proceeded to do, rubbing their cocks over my breasts, face, cunt and thighs, I had a stiff cock in each hand and occasionally stuck my tongue out to lap the head of one if the mood took me. One or two shot their spunk into my mouth or face but I noticed most were cumming into a large martini glass the barman had produced, I kinda wondered why but was a bit unfocussed by now!  I also noticed there were a lot more men in the room, I later found out several more people from the public bar adjacent to our private room had gatecrashed, they also made a contribution to the glass, rubbing their cocks all over me, fingering and groping me and shooting into the glass, it was pretty full by the time they'd all finished. 

Noel being Noel dared me to drink it as a toast to Pete, the groom to be which I declined. Pete then suggested they all would give me a tip if I drank it. I made the mistake of being a smart ass, saying it would need to be a big tip. Next thing I knew there was over $400 in a beer glass! I said I'd think about it as I got dressed. As I got dressed more cash got added to the pot and more people including some women arrived from the next room. Once dressed, I picked up the glass, went to the bar and asked the barman to put a shot of Jaegermeister into the martini glass. He did as I asked (without charging) and I stirred it with my finger, licking my finger as I took it out. It didn't taste too bad so I tipped back my head, opened my mouth and to hoots, cheers and hollers, downed my cum cocktail in one, licking my lips for show and pocketed nearly $500.