 I walked briskly into the smart hotel restaurant and scanned the tables for Pete's familiar figure. As usual, I felt slightly nervous at the thought of seeing him again, but at the same time experienced the familiar tingling excitement. Catching sight of him waving at a discrete table at the back of the restaurant, I waved back and hurried over.

"Sorry I'm late Pete – was difficult to get away today," I said as he stood to greet me.

"Don't worry Em, you're well worth waiting for. Damn you look great!" 

He kissed me, and once again I felt a sexual thrill race down me from my lips to my toes. I knew I looked great; I'd taken a great deal of time and effort to ensure that I did, my carefully chosen simple summer dress elegant but flattering, showing off my slim body and shapely legs to best effect. As usual Pete couldn't help glancing at my carefully arranged cleavage; my breasts are not the largest but I know that their soft creamy curves are one of my best features and I had chosen a bra that pushed and supported just enough to show them off to perfection. I smiled to know that he couldn't resist looking, and that he thought he was being subtle about it.

"Champagne?" asked Pete, proffering the bottle.

"Always!" I chuckled, as I shrugged off my light jacket and slid in beside him, my leg casually touching his thigh and sending a thrill of contact through us both.

Pete poured and we both drank and laughed, easy in each other's company. I took the opportunity to look him over once again as he read the menu, suggesting possible selections. He was a couple of years older than me, as usual dressed smartly in a business suit and tie, in good shape but not an Adonis. I would probably have described him as not really my type, but circumstances had conspired to make me regard him in a different way, and I couldn't deny the arousal I felt just from sitting this close to him. 

We each ordered a light lunch and continued to chat as we ate. I found reasons to touch his arm and hand as we sat next to each other, and after a while was rewarded by the feel of his hand lightly brushing my thigh through the thin fabric of my dress. As his hand drifted lightly over my leg, I felt him hesitate and then return to a particular spot, his fingers brushing gently to confirm what he'd felt. I chuckled.

"Wow Em, are you wearing suspenders under there?" asked Pete, his eyebrows raised in surprise and excitement.

"That's for me to know and you to find out," I said, blushing a little at my own forwardness and biting my lower lip in sudden shyness.

"Well I was going to offer you a coffee," said Pete, "but look, well... you may think this is a little forward, but I've booked a room here at the hotel. We could go up if you want?"

I was suddenly nervous again; this was what I'd been expecting and eagerly anticipating, but now that the moment was here I was feeling shy and a little uncertain. 

Briefly I nodded my head, accepting his invitation.

"Great, I'll just settle up and make a quick call," said Pete, getting to his feet and heading for the cash desk. 

I gathered my coat and handbag and stood slowly, watching Pete as he signed for the meal, then pulled out his mobile and spoke briefly before returning to me and offering his hand.

"All sorted," he said cheerfully as he led me across the restaurant and into the lobby elevator, his hand still twined in mine.

The elevator had mirrors on three walls, and as we headed for the upper floors I had time to admire the reflection of myself and this smartly dressed man. I had to admit that I looked a little flushed, whether with nervousness or excitement, as I stood in front of him, his arms holding me loosely with his hands on my stomach. Impulsively, I turned round in his arms and somewhat to his surprise kissed him deeply on the mouth. After a moment's hesitation I felt him respond, returning the kiss passionately and pulling me more closely against his body, his hands travelling down my back and alighting on my firm round buttocks. I could feel his rising excitement against my belly as he began to pull the back of my dress up, and I could see that he was looking into the wall mirror as the tops of my stockings were uncovered, revealing the thin suspender straps.

A loud 'ting' announced that the elevator had reached our floor, and the doors swept open to reveal a middle aged couple waiting to descend. Pete let go of my bottom, allowing the dress to fall back into place, and smiled charmingly at the couple as he led me past them and into the corridor, their disapproving look locked on us until the elevator doors slid closed hiding them from sight. I couldn't help giggling as I lifted up the front of my dress and flashed at the firmly closed doors.

"Bet those two haven't seen stockings and suspenders for years!" I laughed.

Pete smiled and pulled me back against him.

"It's been a while for me too!" he admitted. 

"Well, we'll have to see what we can do about that," I said, kissing him once more.

Pete seemed suddenly in a hurry to get to the room and fumbled the electronic key out of his pocket. He led me a short distance down the corridor and let us both into a large, well-appointed hotel bedroom, tastefully furnished and with a couch and armchairs as well as a large, comfortable-looking king-size bed.

Pete seemed uncharacteristically unsure of what to do or say next.

"Drink?" he fell back on, and I indicated that a glass of wine would be welcome. 

I sat carefully on the small couch with my legs crossed, allowing the dress to ride up just sufficiently to show the tops of my black lacy stockings and a glimpse of the suspender straps at the top. When Pete came back with my glass of wine I could see that his hand was trembling slightly. Surely it couldn't be from nervousness – he always seemed so self-confident. Probably excitement then, I decided.

"Well, are you going to sit beside me?" I asked, patting the empty space on the couch.

Pete didn't reply, but sat down as indicated, once again pulling my body closely to him and drinking deeply of my lips. I felt his hand once more exploring the flesh of my legs and thighs, feeling the shape of the stocking tops and suspenders under the fabric of my dress. After a few moments I felt his hand move down my leg and then back up again, but this time underneath the soft material, pausing to examine the shape and the texture of my lacy stocking tops before moving on to caress and toy with the frilly suspender strap on the outside of my thigh.

I felt the movement of the hem of my dress being lifted higher to facilitate Pete's access as he slowly ran his fingers around the top of my stocking, the feel of his hand on the exposed, bare flesh at the top of my legs making me shudder. Involuntarily I allowed my legs to drift apart as his exploration took him to the inside of my thighs, his tongue hot in my mouth as his hand drifted over my soft and delicate skin.

"Wow I love your stockings," said Pete, breaking from the kiss and looking down at my revealed legs, the stocking tops and suspenders now clearly visible along with a tiny hint of black lacy panties.

"I'm glad," I whispered. "Do they turn you on?"

"You have no idea how much!" said Pete, now using both hands to feel the shape of my legs, thighs and buttocks, my dress pushed up almost around my waist.

"Oh, I think I might!" I said, and laughing got to my feet, indicating that Pete should stay where he was, seated on the couch. I moved a few steps into the middle of the room, out of his reach but carefully positioned between a full length mirror on one wall and a large dressing table mirror opposite. Fully aware of the visual effect I was creating – and the consequent physical effect on Pete – I began to slowly and sensuously unzip my dress.

Settling back, Pete watched with huge enjoyment as I slowly peeled down the top of the dress, revealing a pretty, lacy black bra, the fabric so sheer that he could clearly see the outline of my firm nipples, clearly erect and swollen under the garment.

Turning so that my back was to him, I continued to pull the dress downwards, ensuring that the view in the two mirrors was giving Pete an almost 360 degree view as my pale, slim body was slowly revealed. As the dress slid downwards over my buttocks, it became apparent that below the black strip of the suspender belt I was wearing a small black thong, its strap disappearing between my cheeks and leaving my buttocks naked and inviting. As the summer dress slid to the floor in an untidy heap around my feet, Pete could not help gasping in appreciation at my revealed body, the black stockings and lacy suspender belt forming the perfect frame for my pale, round, soft and naked ass. 

Still wearing my high heels, I turned to look directly at Pete, watching his eyes roam hungrily over my lingerie-clad figure. 

"Well? Do you like it?" I asked.

Pete didn't need to answer, his eyes devouring me as he swept his gaze from my pert little breasts barely contained in their gauzy black covering to the tiny triangle of black fabric between my thighs to my pale naked buttocks still visible in the mirror's reflection.

"I guess that's a yes," I giggled, and I turned and walked over to the king-size bed, climbing onto it and crawling into the centre on all fours before turning round and lying full length on my back in the centre, my arms spread wide to either side.

Pete stood and headed towards the bed; but he'd barely taken two steps before there was a firm knock at the door.

"Hold that thought," said Pete, as he changed direction and opened the door halfway to see who was outside without allowing them to see inside. 

I could hear a brief conversation, then Pete turned back to me as I lay invitingly on the covers.

"It's your husband," he said.

Pete opened the door wider and my husband Rob followed him into the room, taking in the scene at a glance; my discarded dress lying untidily on the floor, and me lying on Pete's bed dressed provocatively in lingerie that could be intended only to seduce, my intentions clear and my arousal and sexual excitement obvious in both my posture and the reaction of my body.

Rob looked from me to Pete and back again.

"Sorry I'm late," he said. "I had a bit of trouble finding the hotel after your call. I see you decided to start without me though!"

"Just couldn't resist, I'm afraid," said Pete. "Well, can you blame us? Do you want a drink?"

"Don't worry, I'll help myself," said Rob. "Sorry, didn't mean to interrupt."

Pouring himself a glass of wine, Rob sat down on one of the armchairs facing the bed, from where he had a perfect view of his lingerie-clad wife lying invitingly. I rolled over onto my stomach and put my chin in my hands as I regarded him, my naked bottom pale and inviting.

"Hi babe," I said. "Pete was just enjoying my stockings."

"I'm not surprised," said Rob. "You look absolutely amazing Em. No man could resist you!"

As if in confirmation, Pete sat down on the far side of the bed and started to slide his hand up over my stocking-clad legs. Still holding Rob's gaze, I shuddered in pleasure as Pete's strong, firm hands made their way up over my stocking tops and onto the pale flesh of my thighs, before starting to stroke and caress my naked ass. Once again I felt my legs drifting apart of their own accord, subconsciously granting Pete permission and access to the most sensitive parts of my body.

Instead of taking advantage of my unspoken invitation, Pete pulled himself up onto the bed and began to stroke my back; long, sensuous strokes from the nape of my neck to the point where my suspender belt was fastened at the small of my back. I began to gasp with pleasure; both men knew that my back was a particularly sensitive erogenous zone and I could never resist having it smoothed and caressed.

Casually and unhurriedly, Pete reached out and unclasped my bra to allow him to stroke uninterrupted from top to bottom. I propped herself up on my elbows, allowing the brief garment to fall from my shoulders. From the look on Rob's face I could see that he had a perfect view of my fully revealed naked breasts; seeing his lustful and excited gaze I could physically feel my nipples tightening and hardening and I knew that soon they would need to be given some attention of their own.

"Looks like I got here just in time," smiled Rob; Pete chuckled in the background. 

"That depends how you look at it!" I laughed as I slowly turned over onto my back once again, leaving the discarded bra lying on the covers. My pale naked breasts were displayed to best advantage, and both men sighed in pleasure as I lay there naked from the waist up, enjoying the erotic and sensual feelings coursing through my body, knowing that both my male admirers were excited and turned on by the sight of my revealed flesh.

Pete immediately reached out and started to touch my bare breast and nipple, his fingers soft and sensitive and touching me in just the right way. My back arched slightly as waves of pleasure washed over me.

I looked directly at my husband where he sat on the chair beside me.

"Well? Are you going to make yourself useful?"

Rob laughed and moved over to sit on the bed, reaching out and squeezing and kneading my right breast in just the way he knew I enjoyed. I closed my eyes and had a moment to enjoy the sensation of two pairs of hands running freely over my exposed flesh; one pair familiar and confident, the other pair slightly more hesitant but bringing pleasure in different and unexpected ways. I gave myself over to the sensuous pleasure of the experience as I had done before, lying back and aware only of the feeling of hands giving and receiving enjoyment, roaming at will all over my body, stroking, caressing, fondling.

This was mine and Rob's fourth meeting with Pete, and the first time that I had spent so much time alone with him. I had enjoyed the illicit thrill of flirting and teasing him, but this was the kick, this was the forbidden pleasure that I couldn't admit to even my closest friends; to have two men paying absolute and devoted attention to my body, their focus only on our mutual pleasure and fulfilment. I was lucky, I knew, that the two of them got on so well, that there was no jealousy or rivalry; Rob derived huge satisfaction from sharing me, from seeing the pleasure that another man could give me, even from merely watching as I teased or toyed. Pete on the other hand unashamedly lusted after me, but had no desire to own me or to have an emotional involvement. He was the ultimate 'friend with benefits', someone who could help to fulfil our fantasies without complications.

Lost in my reverie, I was barely aware that my suspender belt had been unbuckled, the straps disengaged from my stocking tops, and the lacy garment removed and dropped on the floor. I did register that in addition to the hands wandering freely all over my body, I was now also being kissed and nibbled, both men using their mouths to great effect on my bare skin. One set of lips was passionately engaged on my left nipple, the occasional sharp nip of teeth supplying intense pleasure close to pain, the feeling of my nipple and the silver jewelled ring piercing it being rolled gently around a soft moist mouth, the tongue playing games with my swollen tip. Another mouth was softly kissing the tops of my thighs, in the smooth fleshy gap above the top of my stockings. I found myself hoping that these kisses would also turn into nibbles, and even as I thought it I felt the gentle touch of teeth biting my bare flesh. To my surprise, I realised that I couldn't now distinguish between the touch of my husband and the relative stranger who was sharing my body; the pleasure I was receiving from both was just too intense.

For a moment I felt one of the bodies pull away from me and heard the rustle of cloth. Opening my eyes, I saw Pete shrugging out of his jacket.

"No!" I said, reaching out to stop him. "At least, not yet. You know how it turns me on to have a man in a suit."

Pete looked at me stretched out on the bed, my bare breasts trembling slightly. 

"Well OK Em, but there's a condition," he said. "I'll keep my suit on – for now – if I can take your panties off."

I hesitated for a moment. In all our previous meetings there had been a rule; sexual play and undressing was allowed and expected, but I had always kept my panties on; this ensured that I controlled the pace and managed the expectations. But this was our fourth session; maybe it was time to take it to the next level. I looked across at Rob, who shrugged; this was always going to be my decision, and he would support whatever I decided – and probably enjoy it too.

I glanced at Pete, and once again seemed to feel a little shy. 

"OK," I said in a small voice.

Pete beamed a huge smile full of pleasure and desire.

"Then we're going to need you to stand up Em," he said. 

Obediently, I climbed off the bed and went and stood on my previous spot between the mirrors. The reflected view gave each of the two men a perfect view of my body, now dressed only in my tiny panties, stockings and high heels, my naked breasts pale and inviting with upturned tips, the ring piercing my left nipple reflecting the ceiling light.

Still dressed in his business suit, Pete got down from the bed and went and stood in front of me, putting his hands on the tops of my arms. Rob positioned himself in the armchair where he could have the best possible view of his wife and her friend, both directly and in both of the mirrors. Pete pulled me close to him, the rough fabric of his suit jacket feeling strange against my naked breasts, the silk of his tie catching briefly on my engorged nipple. He held me like that for a few seconds, his hands fondling and squeezing my bare buttocks.

With a deep breath, Pete released me and knelt down in front of me.

"Damn, I've been looking forward to this!" he said.

Slowly, almost reverently, Pete hooked his thumbs in the side of my panties and began to pull gently downwards. As the tiny patch of fabric moved further and further down my body, slowly revealing more of the smooth, pale expanse at the base of my belly, I looked directly at Rob and found him smiling widely, obviously enjoying the sight intensely.

As the dark fabric was slowly peeled away, I heard Pete gasp.

"I knew it!" he said, as it became apparent that my mound and lips were smooth and bare, not a trace of hair visible on the soft pale skin. 

Finally I had to admit it to herself; I had already decided that today would be the day that Pete got to see me in ALL my naked glory; why else had I spent the time that morning to ensure that my normally trimmed pussy would today be completely shaved, open and inviting. I looked across at my husband, who was still smiling, or possibly even smirking. He was clearly also fully aware of the significance of my freshly shaved state.

Pete clearly could contain himself no longer; with me still standing in front of him, my panties in a puddle around my high heel shoes, he began to kiss and lick my revealed naked mound, his hands reaching round to clasp my buttocks as he did so. I threw back my head and found myself squeezing my own breasts as the pleasure sensation took me once again, my hips beginning to push against Pete's probing tongue and lips.

Rob could contain himself no longer and went around to kneel behind me. While Pete continued his careful attention of the smooth skin at the base of my belly, Rob began to kiss and nibble my naked buttocks, his hands on my hips. I looked at the mirror, and the sight of the two smartly dressed men kneeling at my feet and bending all their attention to bringing me pleasure while I stood almost naked before them nearly brought me to orgasm there and then. I felt a gentle tug and found my stockings being pulled down; as they reached my feet I stepped out of my shoes, allowing the stockings to be pulled off the end of my toes; now I was completely naked and exposed for the pleasure of my husband and his friend.
