 Emily was feeling great as she stepped out of her client’s offices. It was Friday, she had just finished with work and a free weekend stretched out in front of her. She had spent the week in Brighton on a work trip and her boss had allowed her to stay in the hotel paid for by the firm until Sunday. Emily’s husband Chris was waiting for her back home in London but they had agreed he could have a weekend hanging out with his friends.

It was close to 6pm when Emily got back to the hotel. As she walked into the lobby. Emily’s eye was caught by three men on their way to the hotel bar. All three looked extremely athletic, powerfully built and handsome, and all over 6 feet tall. They were in casual clothes for a Friday night out, jeans and shirts, but she thought maybe they were in a sports team given their obvious physical fitness. As the men passed by, she made eye contact with one of them. He had close cropped dark blond hair and dark stubble on a strong jaw. His strong blue eyes held her gaze for a few seconds, then he looked her up and down and Emily felt those eyes fall on her breasts before coming back to meet her gaze again. A small flutter rose in Emily’s chest, but the moment passed as the man’s attention was broken by one of his friends making a joke, and all three of them walked into the bar.

Emily took the elevator up to her room to clean herself and change out of her work clothes. After a long, steaming hot shower she began to feel human again. Looking in the bathroom mirror, she was happy with what she saw.

At 26 years old, Emily was still in excellent shape. She had long, blondish hair which she died a paler shade, and a pretty “girl next door” face with big sensual lips, large round, blue eyes behind large, thick framed and slightly geeky glasses, and a soft, feminine jawline. She was petite in stature at just under five feet tall, which she liked to bolster with high heels. She had small, feminine hands and feet, and slim ankles leading up to well shaped legs, which were long for her short stature. Her waist was slim but soft, and her ass, which was round and plump, jutted out juicily when she wore tight skirts. Her best feature were her breasts, which were very round and full, at a 32H cup size disproportionately big for her slim and small frame, each being almost as large as her head, with pinky puffy nipples which became engorged when she was aroused. Emily’s pussy and legs were waxed bare.

She looked through the suitcase and considered what to wear. All week she had worn dark, conservative suits with her clients, but her suitcase also had some more comfortable clothes for her evenings off, as well as a few glamorous outfits which she had packed just in case. Emily’s mind wandered to the three men in the hotel bar. She didn’t have any firm idea what to do that evening, but maybe a quick drink in the bar would be fun. Then she could go for dinner for one or maybe to the cinema. 

It would be fun to wear something a little bit naughty, a little bit slutty, under her clothes. Nobody would know. She picked up a matching set of black panties and bra. The panties were sheer at the back and had lace and little frills. The bra was push-up and had a little bow on the front. Fitting her heavy tits into it, Emily enjoyed the enormous cleavage it created. Her breasts were so large on her little body that the mountain of flesh on display made it seem that her boobs were straining to burst out of the bra, but the garment was actually quite supportive and comfortable.

But what to wear on top? Ever since she had married, Emily had been faithful and tended to dress in a low key way. Although the curviness of her body was quite eye catching and difficult to hide, she tried her best out of respect for Chris. Absent mindedly, she thought of the men in the bar downstairs. It might be a bit of harmless fun to dress up tonight - nothing else would be happening and it would make her feel good about herself. Emily picked a little black dress. It was short, sitting a few inches above her knees, and very tight on her large butt, which strained against the fabric. Up top the dress had a plunging neckline, and together with her bra the effect was striking - her breasts looked ready to burst out of her top, with a deep and inviting cleavage on display. Emily felt quite slutty - not a bad thing, it was fun, but a little too much for public consumption. She would have to wear a little black cardigan on top which buttoned up at the front and protected her modesty. Even wearing the little cardigan, however, it was impossible to hide the impressive size of her breasts - but the lack of cleavage kept her from looking scandalous.

To finish off the package, Emily found her favourite red stiletto heels. The three inches they added to her height still left her shorter than most women, but she felt confident and sexy when wearing them, and they made her arse stick out even more prominently in her dress, and her back arch, thrusting her chest forward. Emily chose to keep her thick framed glasses on rather than wear contacts - she enjoyed the look and thought they made her little face look extra cute. Her eyesight was ok and she could still see quite clearly without her glasses.

It was 8pm when Emily went down to the hotel lobby. As she tottered on her heels across to the bar, her big chest bouncing slightly under the cardigan, she was conscious of the doorman’s eyes following her and she tingled slightly inside. It wasn’t very feminist of her, but she had always enjoyed the feeling of a man eyeing her up. Pausing at the entrance to the bar, she sent a Whatsapp message to her husband Chris - ‘Having fun tonight sweetie? X.’ Her phone buzzed almost immediately - ‘Hey babe out with the boys.’ A second text then came through and it was riddled with spelling errors.

Typical, he was drunk already! Chris and Emily’s relationship had been a bit strained for the last few months, after Emily has caught Chris texting and flirting with a girl at work. They had been together four years and the sex was ok but not thrilling - although it had become more interesting recently as Chris had introduced to Emily the idea of watching internet and DVD porn while they masturbated together and had sex. Emily sometimes found herself thinking back to her slutty days at university, partying and dancing and showing off her curvy body. She had had some fun experiences, although she regretted a tiny bit the missed opportunity to try out some of her naughtier fantasies, which often showed up in Chris’ choice of porn - usually group sex with the woman as the centre of attention of some well hung men.

Walking into the bar, Emily was again aware that there were a number of men’s eyes on her and she thrilled slightly at the attention, making her arse sashay in the tight dress that clung to her voluptuous little body. It occurred to her that men would assume that she was there to be picked up. She fingered the little cardigan which was protecting the modesty of her enormous bosom. Imagine the scandal if she took this off!

Emily’s phone buzzed again. This time it was a Whatsapp from Chris’ friend Steve. It was a selfie of Chris, Steve and an unknown but attractive girl with a heavily made up face, red hair and prominent cleavage. They were obviously in a club. The picture was just captioned ‘spitroast lol’ with no other commentary. Was this meant for Emily? 

Whatever, Steve was an immature idiot so she would ignore the message. Chris and Emily had discussed a threesome with two guys in bed before, and it was a secret fantasy for both of them about which they would whisper and dirty talk together, and on occasion they had watched internet porn with gangbangs and double penetration. Emily found the idea a massive turn on, but not something she really wanted to try in practice - plus she didn’t think it would be healthy for their marriage. As to this selfie, it was stupid (and she felt a small pang of jealousy) but she would overlook it. Chris was free to talk to attractive member of the opposite sex, just as she was.

As Emily turned to order from the barman, she felt a hand on her shoulder. A man’s voice, soft but incredibly deep, said, “She’ll have a G&T on me. I’ll have a whisky sour.”

She turned around, affronted, and found herself looking up at the blond man she she seen in the lobby earlier. He was tall by any measure, but standing next to Emily, not even five foot in bare feet and barely 5’3” with her stilettos, he towered over her. Emily was struck by how handsome and overwhelming manly he was, with a craggy face, strong jaw, dark stubble and those piercing blue eyes she had been so distracted by earlier. Up close, she could also see beneath his shirt a lean and muscular body, toned and strong but not excessively muscled, whose rolled up sleeves displayed taught, ripped forearms leading down to what must have been the most enormous set of hands Emily had ever seen.

Emily’s boyfriends at university had always been big guys, and she had dated a number of rugby players before she met Chris. She always enjoyed the sensation of a physically powerful man, both protective of her but also suggesting the threat of force against any person (man or woman) who stood in his way in achieving what he desired. Chris was a very good looking man, with a perfectly formed 6 inch cock, but at 5’9”, slim and with slightly dainty hands he would have been cast as a beautiful elf in a fantasy film rather than a king of men.

“Excuse me, Mr Shovel Hands,” said Emily. “Who said you could buy me a drink?”

The man held her gaze and smiled, but didn’t say anything for a few seconds. He exuded an air of quiet confidence without being cocky. “I’m Mark, pleasure to meet you too. What are you doing in town? Me and the boys have just finished our tour.”

The barman served Emily her G&T and Mark his drink, and he put down the cash to pay. Emily was a little bit peeved at this presumptuous man, but on the other hand the G&T looked fantastic and it was free, so she took it without thanking Mark and started to sip.

“What’s your tour? I’m in town for work, been here all week and going back Sunday.”

“Yeah, from the look of you I thought you might be at a loose end. That’s why we’re offering you the pleasure of our company tonight. Come sit with us, we’ll have a laugh.”

He guided Emily over to his friends, who had a booth in the corner. Emily felt Mark’s hand on the small of her back, slightly brushing the top of her prominent arse, but didn’t say anything. She could have a bit of harmless fun flirting with these gorgeous men, then be up bright and early tomorrow to explore the town and visit a museum.

“You didn’t say what your tour was about!” she protested, smiling, as they arrived and she found herself sitting by two men, just as big and handsome as Mark.

“This,” said one of the men, who had dark curly hair, extremely broad shoulders, a boyish smile and playful green eyes. He was pointing to a small brass statue of a rugby ball. “We are county champions as of this afternoon, and you’re lucky to be joining our celebrations. I’m Patrick.”

The third man was called Alex, and he also had dark hair, but straight and cut close. Emily was struck by how strong and fit all three of them were. They must have been in their late twenties or early thirties and were obviously in peak condition. She kept catching their eyes falling to her breasts, which were still covered by the little cardigan but whose shape and impressive size were nonetheless plain to see. Emily’s short stature meant that her breasts were actually resting on the table as she sat there - the effect of which was to push them up and forward. But for the cardigan, the sight would have been extremely distracting, as she could feel her cleavage bulging and overflowing her bra cups. There wasn’t much space at their table, and Mark and Patrick’s biceps kept pushing up at the side of her prominent breasts. Emily wasn’t sure how much of an accident this was, but it was pretty harmless stuff.

The conversation flowed easily, and Emily was flirting and joking and having a great time. She loved having the attention of these three extremely hot men. She caught Patrick’s eye and bit her lip, and saw his eyes widen. If Emily had been single, she would almost certainly have chosen one of these men to take up to her room, but she was married to Chris and couldn’t possibly do anything of the sort. It occurred to Emily that she would have a hard time choosing between these three hot, manly men, who were all her type and fun to be with. Maybe she would fuck all three if she were single? She looked again at Alex’s muscular forearms, which were laid out in front of her, and felt Mark’s thighs pushing against her own, and she realised she was horny, and wet.

A couple of hours passed as the four of them shot the breeze and joked around, the men pouring themselves and Emily drinks from a big jar of cocktail on the table, which was never empty as the men took turns to do refill runs.

Suddenly Emily’s phone buzzed again, and she opened Whatsapp. She had no idea why but Chris’ friend Steve was messaging again. This time it was two pictures, the first of Chris sitting in a club, with the same buxom redhead on top of him, his arms clutching her waist; the second image showing the redhead sandwiched between Chris and a third man who Emily didn’t recognise, the redhead’s arse wedged firmly against Chris’ crotch as she kissed the third man. The caption read: ‘definitely spitroast lol.’ What the hell was all this about? She felt a surge of anger and slammed the phone down.

Before she could do anything, Mark had picked the phone up. “Wow, she’s really hot,” he said. “Fantastic tits.” He then read out “definitely spitroast lol.”

“Well,” he said, “she’s going to have a fun night. Lucky guys. I would love to be part of that. Who are they?”

“Oh, just some idiotic colleagues of mine, being idiots”, said Emily. She hadn’t told the rugby men that she was married, and now that the opportunity arose she didn’t feel like she had to say anything. “Do you really think her tits are great?” The phone was passed round and the men and the men all agreed.

“Best tits I’ve seen all night,” said Mark with a grin. He winked at Emily, “all the others are too covered up,” and his gaze fell openly to her bulging cardigan, against which his bicep was firmly pressed, before he smirked again at her flirtatiously. Emily realised she should have been offended at this lewdness, but despite herself she realised she was turned on: by Mark’s obvious lust for her tits, by these three hot men flirting with her all evening as they got progressively more tipsy and raucous.

The conversation so far had been flirtatious with mentions of sex, but something pushed Emily to escalate. “Would you guys like to spitroast her then?” 

Mark poured them all new drinks from a cocktail jug. “Well, it wouldn’t be our first time, rugby lads and all.” He said it with a wide grin. “But looks like your colleagues have got there first.” 

The conversation moved on, but kept coming back to sex. As more time passed, Emily realised she was feeling quite drunk, and bold, though definitely fully in control of herself, and when she felt Mark’s hand brush her thigh, and then Patrick’s, she didn’t mind. Her horniness was ramped up by all this attention, flirting and physical contact. She noticed that in addition to their biceps pushing up against her breasts, all three men would touch her arms as they spoke, and the sensation of it excited her.

Talk turned to where to go next - clubbing, another bar? “Well, we have a whole suite on the top floor, to celebrate our victory,” said Alex. “We could continue the party up there. There’s champagne in the minibar too.”

They all agreed this would be a great idea, and Emily accompanied the men out of the bar. As they went, she found herself holding hands with Mark and Patrick for all to see, and realised that this could be taken the wrong way, that it looked like she was being taken upstairs by these men to be taken advantage of, but she also realised in her bold and tipsy state that she didn’t really care. Nothing had to happen, it was just a fun night with some friends, and in any case nobody in this hotel knew her and she would never see anyone in this lobby again.

As the elevator doors closed, Emily looked at her reflection in the mirror. The smallness and femininity of her body was emphasised by her being surrounded by these three big, rough men, and she looked really hot with her long blond hair, made up face and big glasses, and her tight little dress and slutty stilettos. Her huge tits pushed out against the little cardigan. She was reminded of the cover of a porn DVD which she had watched with Chris a few months ago, on which the girl was in a tight little dress and surrounded by men clutching her body. Emily felt excited at the sluttiness of her thought process. 

The elevator doors opened and she tottered out on her heels, then felt a big hand slap her roughly on her big, round arse. A voice said, “Come on Em, we’re in the Royal Suite just here.” It was Mark, and although the slap stung, Emily didn’t mind, the slight stinging actually turned her on. She realised she was in a heightened state of arousal. She patted his big arm playfully in response. “Ooh, the Royal Suite, very fancy. Guess you guys think you’re Kings eh?”

“Champions more like,” said Patrick, “and we deserve to celebrate!”

When they got into the suite, Emily was taken aback by its opulence. The suite was separated into two rooms, the first with sofas, a big TV and floor to ceiling windows looking over the city. A big pair of double doors led into what must be the bedroom. On one wall, there was an enormous mirror - its reflection created the illusion of an even bigger space than the already huge suite room.

The men chucked themselves on a couple of the sofas as Mark put on music and cracked open a bottle of champagne. “Here’s to our victory,” he toasted, “and new friends.” Emily sipped on her glass and considered her position. She was extremely horny, and really quite tipsy. Her thoughts turned to Chris just as her phone buzzed. She opened it up - another message from Steve. She had no idea why he was sending her all these texts, but in this one she could see her husband Chris with his arms around the busty redhead, apparently about to go in for a kiss. Eugh! How pathetic. Emily felt twin emotions of contempt for Chris, and jealousy toward him and this mystery girl. Her tits were no way as big as Emily’s. Well, if Chris could have his fun why she shouldn’t have hers?

Emily sat down between Patrick and Mark, who put his arm casually over her shoulder. Clearing her throat, Emily said to the men, “How about we play a game - Never Have I Ever?”

The questions were typically boring at first, but soon veered into sexual territory. 

“Never have I ever had sex in a tent,” said Mark. Emily had to drink for that, there had been that great time at a festival with a hunky rugby player. She still remembered the weight of the her huge tits swinging beneath her and grazing the sleeping bag as he fucked her doggystyle.

“Never have I ever fucked while I watched porn,” said Alex. Emily drank again, feeling naughty.

“Wow,” said Mark. “What were you watching?”

Emily said, “Oh, I like all sorts, as long as it’s well made and the girl is enjoying herself. I think last time we watched together it was a blowbang - you know, where a girl gets on her knees and gives blowjobs to a bunch of guys and they all gangbang her mouth. That was really hot. My hus-, er, my ex boyfriend was really into that.”

There was a silence and Emily could feel a tension in the air. She was sitting between Mark and Patrick and was hyper aware of the feel of Mark’s muscular arm on her shoulders. His big hand idly stroked her upper arm.
