 Roge knew I fantasised about having two men together, about him telling me what to do and telling the other guy what he could do to me. It's all about being an object of sexual pleasure. He knew that.

Before we went to work that morning he had told me that he would share me with his boss, Ian, that evening. I had not spoken more than a few words of greeting to Ian and only when I had gone to pick Roge up on a few occasions. But when we had first talked about my fantasy, Roge had suggested Ian as someone who had expressed an interest in "fucking the ass" of me. 

When I had said I thought Ian was a "tit" man and went for more voluptuous women, Roge had said that normally he did, but that Ian had said that whilst I hadn't much up top he "liked the way Emm went braless" and wasn't afraid "to show off what she has." Although my breasts are small ( 34A) I do have long nipples, which got me my nickname at college of " bullets", and this had always made me feel more secure about my bust, and of course I don't need a bra for support. Roge went on to say that Ian was also a real mouth and ass man and had commented on what he really liked was my ripe mouth, the space between my toned thighs and my rather prominent 37" rear.

Throughout the day I could not concentrate on my work and my emotions ranged from excitement to trepidation. In the cold light of day I wondered how I would feel afterwards at letting two men do what they liked with my body. Knowing Roge I knew there was no going back as he really wanted to use me to impress his boss.

He had told me how to dress – black see through top, long black skirt, lace topped hold-ups and black g string. He also had made it clear that this was not going to be a social occasion with lots of conversation but that the two of them were simply going to use me for sex in whatever way they wanted and I should only speak when I was spoken to.

Before Ian arrived, we had just about enough wine to drink to remove any of my anxieties, but to leave a palpable air of excitement and expectation. I realised that I was going to fulfil a fantasy that I had initiated, but yet I couldn't help feeling some apprehension at having agreed to let two guys use my body without any restrictions.

When Ian arrived it was obvious that he had been briefed because there was absolutely no small talk before Roge led us straight upstairs with a couple of bottles of wine and three glasses. He talked to Ian as if I wasn't there " she likes to give head, she likes it from behind, she likes it in the ass, she likes everything." It was quite obvious that Ian was there fuck me and nothing else.

As Roge put on music and poured us drinks, he rather coldly told me to lose the top and skirt, but to keep my g string on. As I slipped off my black silk top I saw Ian's eyes cast a rather disinterested look over my small breasts. Roge had made me feel a bit defenceless about my 34As, as he had told me Ian was a "tit" man and certainly he didn't appear too interested in groping my breasts. However as I stepped out of my skirt I saw a real glint of desire in his eyes overtake his previous coolness, as his hungry eyes took in my slim toned thighs and g string covered mound. 

Roge didn't take his clothes off yet, but just opened his trousers – like a punter about to take a whore. I was surprised that he wasn't wearing shorts, but the sight of his naked cock springing out, already erect and ready, was exciting, and I kneeled down to suck him as he and Ian sat on the bed. Holding his cock at the base with one hand, I let my lips and tongue slide down his length, closed my mouth around it and began to move up and down his shaft. I love the feel of his cock in my mouth. 

My blonde hair fell forward, but he pulled it back and held it loosely so that they could both see my lips and mouth moving up and down on his cock – he has always said I have the most fuckable mouth he has ever seen. Then he pulled my hair backwards to raise my head from his cock. He had to pull hard because I didn't want to stop sucking him. When I raised my head I saw that Ian had opened his trousers too, and was playing with himself gently. I remember thinking for such a big guy he hasn't a huge cock – my previous boy friend was of similar height and build and his cock was so large that it precluded a lot of things including anal sex. When he had tried to initiate me into anal sex his girth had ripped me and his length had bruised me so deeply inside I could hardly walk for days. Roge had taught me to enjoy taking him anally and from his briefing to Ian – I suspected that Ian expected this to be on the menu.

Moving slightly on my knees towards Ian's lap, I bent my head down and circled the tip of his penis with my tongue. Then, just as with Roge, I took his cock in one hand and gently lowered my mouth down its length. Already I could taste the pre-cum of his excitement. I moved my tongue and lips up and down his shaft and he groaned. Afraid that he would come too soon, I pulled my mouth away from his cock and, still holding the shaft with my hand, I bent down further to lick and suck at his balls. Then, when he was back in control, I moved my mouth over his cock once more, sliding it in and out of my lips and keeping rhythm with the movement of my hand lower down his shaft.

Roge stood up and pulled me away from him to my feet. Cupping my face in his hands, he kissed me and as my mouth opened, he passed wine from him to me, filling my mouth with its potent taste and coolness. 

Then he pulled away and pushed me on to my knees in front of him, his cock in my face. I opened my lips to suck him again, as he held me by the hair. Ian stood up too and they both shared my mouth, first Roge would penetrate my lips and then Ian, then back to Roge again. It was like a strange dance in time with the music as they thrust their cocks deeply into my throat each turning my face round so the other could enjoy the pleasure of taking my mouth. Then Roge pulled away as he knew that my pussy would be dripping with desire and he wanted to make sure that was taken too.

He ordered me to take my string off and to lie face down on the bed with my ass raised up. As I stepped out of my g string I noticed Ian's smile of approval as his eyes took in my shaven pussy with just a little line of hair above my clit. I felt slightly uncomfortable to be standing stark naked except for my hold ups in front of a relative stranger who I knew was going to unceremoniously take his pleasure with my body. Especially as I knelt on the bed I heard him say to Roge – She might not have much tit but her ass and pussy make up for it. Without warning, Roge plunged two fingers into me and my pussy, hot and hungry, tingled to his touch as he moved your fingers in and out as he muttered "and she loves cock in all her holes." 

Next he straddled me on the bed, facing away from me, with his balls brushing the small of my back and his cock hitting the top of my crease. One hand on each buttock, he pulled my cheeks apart and then reached further in to hold my pussy lips open. I felt a cock – Ian's cock - brush against my pussy lips and then push into me, sinking in slowly, all the way. Then Ian began to fuck me with slow, deep steady strokes, while Roge held me open for him, his ass in the small of my back pinning me down. My pussy was being filled but my mouth ached, as Roge knew it would. 

He moved backwards over me so that I could raise my head and take his cock in my mouth, sucking him greedily as Ian fucked me from behind. Ian's hands grasped my buttocks hard as he rode me and Roge's hands held my face as his cock sank deeper and deeper into my mouth with every thrust. Excitement ripped through me as I let myself go and had my mouth and my pussy fucked. As I writhed between the two of them I felt Ian shudder his orgasm into me. As he twitched inside me, Roge thrust down my throat until I thought I would choke and I savoured the sweet/salty taste of his cum. 

He pulled out of my mouth, dripping his cum onto my lips as Ian's seeped out of my cunt. Both temporarily spent, they disengaged and, poured themselves a drink as I lay face down on the bed feeling quite decadent as cum ran from my mouth and cunt. As I turned round to take a drink from Roge, he turned to Ian and said "well isn't she all I said she was?"

As if I wasn't there Ian smiled and said "well her mouth and cunt were as good as you said but I hope she'll take it up her ass as well." 

I noted that both cocks were stiffening again and having enjoyed their starters, I realised that they were now expecting the main course. Roge planked himself down on the bed and ordered me up on top. As I lowered myself on to his erection he pulled me down so that my upturned rear was available to Ian. I felt him rough part my bum cheeks and as Roge thrust up into me I waited expectantly for the probing finger in my rosebud. I gasped as he stuck two or three roughly in to me, as he bent forward and whispered in my ear "I've been wanting to bugger that ass of yours since I first saw you."

As Roge continued to thrust up in to me , I felt Ian enter the head of his cock into my anus and whether it was the combined thrust of Ian slamming in to me and Roge's thrust or the fact that I was so filled up with cocks in both orifices – I came bolt upright and cried out with pain as Ian thrust his cock deep into my bowels. As I came up Ian grabbed both my small breasts roughly to get a better purchased as he withdrew and thrust hard into me again – once again causing me to cry out involuntarily. He soon released my boobs to push me down and grab and spread my buttocks to get better access to my anus. 

As I got better used to the twin intrusions I began to enjoy the strange but exciting feeling of the two cocks moving inside me with only the thinnest body wall between them and although both guys were fucking me without any care and with total disregard for me, my cries of pain soon became whimpers of pleasure. I felt an even greater relief when Ian climaxed and I felt a warm flood of cum released into my bowels. As he pulled out I increased my pace on Roge's rod and we were soon fucking furiously until he too came off and rolled from underneath me. As I fell forward with semen oozing out of both holes I was surprised to hear Ian mutter "she really does have a fantastic ass - I really do want to fuck it again."

Roge laughed "I told you she really loves it up her ass – she really is the best ass fuck I've ever had," as he pulled my rear up to let Ian enter me again. 

Once again Ian entered me roughly but this time although slightly torn by his earlier rough entry, I was well lubricated by his ejaculate and was determined to meet his thrusts to show Roge just what a good ass fuck I could be for his boss.

Obviously his capacity for cumming had been blunted by his earlier exertions as he fucked my ass for what seemed to be eternity before causing me to cry out again as he slapped my ass really hard before once again spurting his hot liquid into my bowels. As I slumped forward on the bed he got up beside me and wiping his cock clean on my hair he said "she really is a fantastic fuck Nige – I'm going to want that ass and mouth again."

Roge said "she's yours whenever you want."

The pair of them having used me for their pleasure left the room, and I wondered if either of them knew that, for all the heat and thrust of their combined pleasure, it would be a woman's hand that would bring closure to my own unsated needs.