 Thankfully, next morning was a weekend. Emma slept in until ten, when her sore muscles woke her up. Her pussy and ass were throbbing from being fucked so hard. She took some aspirin and went back to sleep. By one, she was still a bit sore but felt better, well rested. During a very late brunch, she noted that her family had vacated the premises - her mom left a very passive-aggressive note to the effect that if she was going to sleep all day, she could at least do the laundry when she woke up, since they were off to her brother's soccer game without her. While the sheets and her cum-stiff clothes tumbled clean, she started listing her adventures in her diary.

After she'd written about what she was calling her "sex binge," Emma just started to list the facts. Her tally shocked her:

* first lesbian experience

* wine bottle up my pussy

* fistfucked another woman

* first glory hole experience (fucked 3 strangers)

* lost virginity

* lost anal virginity

* second lesbian experience

* first foursome (not counting the glory hole)

* watched neighbour boy cum in his mom's mouth (!!)

* sucked neighbour's dad's cum out of his wife's ass

Totals:

* ate out 2 pussies

* ate out 1 ass

* sucked 3 cocks

* 2 cocks in pussy

* 1 cock in ass

* 2 group sex situations

And all in a night and a day, less than 24 hours. Craziest of all, she didn't regret any of it. She didn't feel guilty or ashamed. Thinking about it just made her horny again. 

Emma moved the laundry to the dryer, and looked out the window. Across the street, she could see Tommy in his garage, the door open as he did some work on his car. Even though her pussy was still a bit sore from the fucking it took yesterday, Emma felt it tingle. She had over an hour to wait with this slow dryer. Might as well pay Tommy a visit.

On her way over, she noticed a lot of cars in his driveway and on the street. Tommy was under the car looking at something, and didn't notice her stepping into the garage. She pushed a button on the wall to close the garage door. 

"Hey, who's there?" Tommy slid himself out from under the car and froze when he saw Emma. "Oh, hey."

Hardly the reception she'd expected from a guy she fucked dry the day before. "Working up a sweat?"

"A little. You wanna open the door again? Nice breeze."

Tommy seemed weirdly shy. Then it hit her - the last time she saw him, she had gotten into a foursome with him and his parents, and watched him lose control and cum into his own mom's mouth. She couldn't imagine how that had played out in the family after she'd left. Well, before it got more weird, she was going to take the situation in hand. 

"No. I don't want to open the door." She lifted her t-shirt over her head and tossed it away.

"Emma, no," said Tommy, but it was a weak protest. She was just wearing gross sweatpants, her laundry-wear, and dropped them. "My dad's inside. His friends are over for poker."

"Do you want to talk about your dad playing poker?" asked Emma, stripping off her panties and bending over the hood of his car. "Or do you want to fuck my asshole?"

Tommy didn't think about it long. She wasn't used to having her asshole stretched, and he only had spit for lube, so it hurt going in, but soon Emma was blissed out with Tommy's cock filling up her ass. "Holy fuck you're so tight," he gasped as he shoved further in. She moaned and grabbed a nearby wrench, then slipped it into her now-slick pussy. 

The hard metal and the hard cock slammed into her, and Emma started gasping and moaning, getting louder and louder as Tommy fucked her. "Fuck. Fuck me - fuck that tight asshole!" she moaned as he pounded into her. Emma practically fell forward onto the hood of his car while Tommy assaulted her ass and she slid the wrench up her pussy, faster and faster.

Suddenly the door connecting the garage and the house opened and Tommy's dad stepped through. "Tommy, are you going to join a game, or-" Don stopped cold as he saw Emma spreadeagled, her face awash in pleasure against the car hood, his son's cock driving into her ass. 

"Again?" grunted Tommy, still fucking Emma for all she was worth. Emma laughed - just yesterday, Don had interrupted Tommy fucking her. Just like then, Don didn't waste any time getting his cock into the mix. Ripping it out of his pants, he moved over and pulled Emma to the side, pulling her mouth down onto his cock.

Emma couldn't believe how much she loved it. Tommy's hard rod pummelled her ass while his dad's thick tool fucked her face, and she felt like she was in heaven. I'm such a slut now, she thought. She was so wet she almost lost her grip on the wrench as it slid in and out of her cunt.

Then the garage door opened again and a muscled black dude stepped through.

"Does Tommy want to play some poker or what?" he asked. She quickly recognized him as James, her high school English teacher. He froze at the sight. Here was one of his star students - a good, wholesome white girl - getting the shit fucked out of her while shoving a wrench into her pussy. "Holy fuck. Emma?"

"Poker's on hold," grunted Don. He pulled his cock out of Emma's mouth, her saliva dripping from the cock to the floor. He shoved Tommy backwards a bit, so that his cock popped out of her asshole, and grabbed her roughly, hauling her into the house.

As she passed the dumbstruck James, she shot him an embarassed smile. Class tomorrow would be a bit awkward.

"I'm upping the ante," yelled Don to his other poker buddies. Emma didn't recognize the others - there were three more older guys - and they didn't seem to recognize her. Their jaws dropped as Don hauled her past. "Come on," he called back to them. Shyly, a little confused, they followed as he led Emma into the master bedroom.

"You're such a beautiful little slut," he said as he threw Emma onto the bed. She laughed and pulled him down, then twisted around to force him under her. 

"Well, then fuck me." With that, Emma hauled herself onto Don's cock, sinking it into her pussy.

"Jesus," said another guy from the door. He just watched as a third guy barged past, crawling onto the bed. He slid his cock into Emma's mouth as another guy began licking out her asshole.

Emma rode Don's cock while sucking the stranger. The other stranger licking her ass soon moved around to the side, stroking his cock while he watched her suck his buddy. She grabbed his dick with her hand and started to jerk it. Another strange dude roamed to her other side and grabbed her free hand, hauling it to his cock. The third stranger stood off to the side, staring and stroking his dick. Tommy entered and beelined for her ass.

Before he could sink his cock into Emma, James entered the room and grabbed Tommy, hauling him away.

"What the fuck are you doing?" he asked. Shit. She should have expected it - here was her teacher, coming to her defense. Emma could hardly protest with a cock in her mouth, so started to back off sucking it when James piped up again. "You've already fucked that ass, buddy."

She smiled and returned to sucking the strange cock as James disrobed. The guy she was sucking pulled out and grabbed his cock, tugging it and quickly cumming over her face. She licked her lips to suck some of the cum into her mouth. He backed away and one of the dudes she was jerking off moved over to fill her mouth with cock again, while she used her now-free hand to grab Tommy's cock.

While doing this she slowed fucking Don, to hold her ass a bit more steady for James. He grabbed her hips and she felt his big black cockhead press up against her anus. 

"I never knew you were a little whore," he said. "I would have bent your tight ass over my desk before now if I'd known." He had grabbed a bottle of moisturizer from somewhere and began oozing it into her asshole to help lube her up for him.

Emma let the stranger's cock pop out of her mouth. "An English teacher should know better," Emma said. "A whore gets paid. I'm just a slut." She could hardly believe what she was saying. Just a few days ago she'd been a little virgin angel, only thinking about her homework as she watched James write on the blackboard, and now she was panting for his black cock in her ass.

James pushed forward. He could barely get his cockhead into her, and she let go of the cocks she was stroking. Stroking two guys while two others fucked her ass and pussy and a fifth dude fucked her face was pretty hot, but physically difficult - she could barely keep her balance, especially with a guy ramming her face. Three at a time was her new limit, she decided - she needed her hands to stay steady. They would just have to take turns and share her holes. She reached back to pull apart her ass cheeks and make a bit more room for James.

Don, meanwhile, was making plans. "Tommy," he gasped between thrusts. "Call your Mom. She's just down the street at her sister's."

Tommy left the room, while James entered her ass. He felt huge, and grabbed her hips to pull her to him, burying himself in her ass as far as it would take him. Emma started screaming with a mixture of pleasure and pain, which must have turned the other guys on. Don started to really pound her pussy, and the stranger in her mouth grabbed her hair and curled it into his fist, then began to really roughly facefuck her.

She could barely feel Don's cock pounding her, with James's huge black dick hammering her asshole and the stranger fucking her throat. She gagged and spit, and coughed around his cock. He just got rougher - with his other hand he grabbed the back of her head, thrusting himself fully down her throat, and started to shoot his seed into her. Don slammed into her and stopped - he must be cumming too, she guessed - and the stranger let her breathe and pulled out his cock. She gasped for air and felt Don pulling out while the stranger pulled away. 

"Now you're all mine." James pushed her down - she went from crouching on all fours to lying facefirst on the bed - then pushed her sideways, bringing her knees up to her chest. Now her ass was really pushing back into him - she didn't think his cock could enter any further into her, but there it went. He increased his pace, punishing her ass. Another one of the strange men moved forward and shot his load across her exposed tits, which were bouncing wildly as James fucked her ruthelessly.

Emma didn't think she could take any more. Vaguely, she sensed James was cumming, blasting his load deep into her ass. She felt totally used up, exhausted. But as James pulled out, another of the strange men shoved his cock into her. It slipped easily in her open ass after James. 

She dimly felt the stranger pounding her. On one level she loved it, but at the same time was simply tired. After pounded her ass some more, the stranger pulled out and moved over to shoot his load on her face. He let out a cheer and high-fived his buddy, the guy that had shot over her tits. The guys backed off then, leaving her collapsed on the bed, covered in cum. She relaxed, lying back onto the bed, and could feel cum dripped out of her throbbing ass.

Drenched in cum, while more cum dribbling out of her mouth, ass, and pussy, and totally exhuasted, Emma drifted off to sleep.

*

In her dream, she floated outside her body, watching from the side of the bed as the men pounded her holes while she was passed out. Another slipped into her stretched-out ass while two lined themselves up to double-stuff her pussy - the two cocks slid easily against each other with all her pussy juice, glistening as they tag-teamed her pussy. 

A fourth dude had her head tilted back to throat-fuck her. I was wrong, she thought, three isn't my limit.

She barely recognized herself. Her tits jiggled and bounced as the four men fucked her roughly, then a fifth grabbed her tits and started titty-fucking her. How did I become such a slut? she thought. She wasn't sure how she should feel. She knew that she should be ashamed. That was what she had been taught, that girls like her were sluts and sluts had low self-esteem. But really, she didn't feel shame at all - if anything, she was ashamed she had waited until her 18th birthday to go fuck-crazy. She felt better about herself now than she ever had. Because, really, she was in control. She was the one who seduced Tommy, and Tommy's parents, and although they were fucking her roughly now, she had made it clear that was what she wanted. 

And she wanted it, all right. She wanted to fuck when she wanted to fuck and how she wanted to fuck, and she wasn't going to let her mom's passive-aggressiveness or any social standard bother her. She was going to fuck all she could handle and really get to know herself, see what her limits were.

*

Emma drifted into a fuller sleep then, but shortly woke to a new sensation - someone was eating out her pussy. After all that fucking? It must be loaded with cum. Her throat was no longer being used, so she raised her head.

The guys had finished with her, all worn out, but Tommy's mom had made it home. She sucked Emma's cunt, sucking out a cum cocktail, while another woman - the sister she had been visiting? - licked up and down Emma's body. The guy's had dirtied Emma, and these girls were going to clean her up. 

The strange woman noticed Emma was awake and moved her cum-covered mouth up to Emma's for a long, open-mouthed kiss. She tongued some cum down Emma's throat, while Emma felt the mouth over her pussy move down to tongue her asshole. 

Her diary was really out of date now, she thought. And the clothes are probably wrinkling in the dryer. Mom would be pissed, and Emma would be extra-sore tomorrow. But she was too busy getting fucked to give a fuck.