 Emma and Ian had now been together for 6 months, life had settled into a good routine. They were both busy at work but still made plenty of time for each other. They hadn't explored any further into dogging after the Gangbang they had a while ago. Emma had fucked 16 men and ended up off work for a week as she was too sore. They hadn't ruled anything out but Emma didn't want to lose her job at the brothel, her money was too good.

On Friday night, Emma went out for a drink with Carly and a couple of other girls while Ian went for a pint with Carly's husband Steve and a couple of others.

The lads were talking about the usual stuff, their partners, football and ended up talking about porn. All of the lads admitted that they loved it but only Ian and Steve watched it with their partners. Paul, one of Ian's mates from work had to keep his stash a secret but had a friend that was seriously trying make his own films.

"So this mate of your's is trying to be a porn director then?" Ian asked him.

"Yes, he's really serious about it," Paul replied, "He runs his own distribution company and one of his clients makes porn."

The lads were taking an interest now and let Paul continue.

"They got chatting and eventually this bloke sent Rob a few DVDs to have a look at." He continued. "Looking at the stuff he was making, Rob just thought he could do better. This bloke was making thousands selling a load of shit so why couldn't he?"

"Sounds like a plan!" Ian laughed.

"He basically started doing some research and reckons for an outlay of 10 grand he could make a decent film that would return him double a least!"

"He's done his homework too by the sound of it." Steve added.

"All he needs now is girls and a place to film." Paul said.

"My Mrs would be up for that!" Ian chimed in

"And mine!" said Steve.

"I thought you might say that after the stories you 2 have told me!" Paul continued, "I told him about Emma and Carly and told him I'd ask. He'll pay £200 per day for oral, straight and Anal, extra if they'll do anything more extreme like DP, groups or watersports."

"Knowing Emma she'll do anything he wants!" Ian said, "we've done pretty much everything!"

"Same here!" Steve said with a bit of excitement in his voice." 

"I'll ask Emma tonight." Said Ian, "You can even use my flat. Just one condition." He added.

"Go on?" said Paul

"We can both watch it being filmed!" Ian said with a smile.

"Of course!" Paul said, "I'm going to make sure I see it too!"

The lads spent the rest of the night talking about this new project, they were like a bunch of kids getting excited about Christmas. Ian was secretly hoping that Rob might have a couple of other girls working on the film that he might be able to get into.

Later that night, Ian got home Slightly drunk. Emma was in already in a similar state. Him already feeling horny, knowing that Emma always came in horny from her nights out with the girls, started to tear her clothes off, kissing her passionately. He guided her forcefully onto the floor and started to lick her slit. Emma was taken aback by his forceful behavior but loved it. 

Emma was soon moist from Ian's oral efforts and with one swift move he entered her, taking her breath away.  They fucked frantically for a couple of minutes before Ian let go his load deep inside her.

They laid back on the floor, sweating and out of breath.

"Where did that energy come from?" Emma gasped.

"I've been feeling horny all night," he replied, "I wanted to surprise you!"

"You certainly did that!" she said, "What got you so horny?"

"Paul was talking about a mate of his, he's making his first porn film. A proper professional job." Ian replied.

Emma listened.

"He wants me to ask you if you'd like to be in it." he continued, "The thought of you as a proper porn star had me ready to burst, I had to fuck you!"

"I'm glad you did!" she said, "And yes, I would be interested. I take it he'll be paying if it's a professional film?"

"Yes. Paul said it would be £200 for a day, Oral, straight and Anal. More if you'll do more extreme stuff like DP, groups or watersports."

"I like the sound of this," she confirmed, "And you know me, I'll do anything!" 

Ian just smiled and sent Paul a text to say Emma was up for it. They arranged to talk the next day once Paul had the details from Rob.

Emma's phone then rang.

"Has Ian asked you about this porn film yet?" Blurted out an excited Carly.

"Yeah, I love the sound of that. How about you!" Emma replied.

"I'm in!" Carly said, "The pay is going to be great for a couple of days work, and the blokes will be decent looking!"

"That's what I thought! Should be a laugh!" 

The next day Ian and Emma both waited expectantly for Paul to ring. Eventually Ian got a text saying that Rob himself was going to call. He'd told Paul it was all systems go, he now had 5 men and 3 women which was all he needed to get started.

When Rob rang they both jumped at the phone, Ian beat Emma there and spoke to him first.

"So Paul tells me your girlfriend wants to appear in my film," Rob started, "Are you sure you're ok with that first off?"

"No problem mate," Ian replied, "We both sleep with other people, it's an open relationship."

"Great stuff. Now Paul said you'd be happy with me shooting in your flat?" Rob continued.

"Yes, that's fine with me." Said Ian, "As long as you're discreet it's no problem."

Ian then passed the phone to Emma, for the next couple of minutes she listened and agreed with what Rob was saying. Ian was bursting to know what the score was.

"What's the crack then?" Ian said excitedly as soon as she was off the phone.

"Right, basically he wants Carly and me for 2 days work." Emma started. "He wants us for a 2 man 1 girl scene then an orgy with 5 men and 1 other girl."

"And how much did he offer you?" Ian asked.

"£700." She answered, "He ran through a list of things he wanted to do. Once I'd agreed he gave me the offer."

"What did you agree to?" Ian asked her.

"I said I'd do all the standard things plus DP and watersports," Emma continued. "He asked about cumshots so I said I didn't mind it anywhere."

"This is great!" Ian said, "When does he want to film?"

"Next weekend if you're ok with that?" 

"Fuck yeah!" Ian exclaimed, "A real porno in my flat? Can't fucking wait!"

All the details had been confirmed and the day and time was set. Rob, his cameraman, Paul and the performers would get round at 9am the Saturday morning. Despite the numbers, Ian had a big enough place to fit them all in, he spent most of the week giving the place the best cleaning it had seen in years! Emma and Carly had gone shopping for some new sexy underwear on the Friday and came home to model it for Ian and Steve. The excitement was massive but the girls insisted they were saving themselves for the big day.

On the Saturday morning, Carly and Steve arrived a bit early. The crowd turned up bang on time so Ian hurried them into his flat hoping not to arouse too much suspicion.

Rob introduced all of the performers to each other. The girl was Kayleigh, she was a beautiful red headed Irish girl with a perfect hourglass figure. Both girls were thinking how they would love to get it on with her! The men made her smile straight away. 3 had long hair and were seriously tanned. They were all of slim build and introduced as Pavel, Jean and  Marco. They all had the look of a stereotypical porn star Emma thought!

The last 2 men were different looking, both well built, with a rugby player build. Both had shaven heads and were introduced as Dave and Lee. These were both more Carly and Emma's type, both of them couldn't wait to get stuck in with them.

Rob explained how it was going to work. The camereman would do the bulk of the shooting but Rob would also use a hand held. He also checked that they had been tested for STI's as he requested. They all handed their papers in and Rob declared it was all systems go.

The first scene was to involve Kayleigh and Pavel, Rob made it clear that there was to be no storyline, just pure fucking as he put it. He couldn't see the point of stories in porn and wanted to make a basic, good quality fuck film.

Kayleigh and Pavel chatted while Rob and the cameraman set things up in the bedroom.

When ready, Rob called them through. The male stars all waited in the living room but the others all came in to watch. They watched excitedly as Kayleigh and Pavel stripped each other while kissing an fondling. Kayleigh then got on her knees as directed and sucked Pavel's cock. She did so with a dirty smile, constantly looking into the camera as she did. Rob shouted cut and directed them on the bed, Kayleigh opened her legs wide for Pavel to lick her. He did so while the cameraman took close ups of him licking and fingering her moist trimmed pussy.

For the next 20 minutes the 2 of them fucked in about 6 different positions. Kayleigh made an incredible amount of noise which Ian thought would have the neighbours round to see if someone was killing her! Rob called for a cut in the action to get ready for the Anal scene. Kayleigh applied her lubricant while Pavel slowly wanked so not lose his erection.

"Is this your first film then?" Kayleigh asked Emma and Carly.

"Yes, how about you?" Carly replied.

"I've done about half a dozen now," Kayleigh continued, "I'm no expert but I'm getting quite used to it now."

"I'm looking forward to my scene," said Emma, "I like th look of all the lads!"

"That's a definite perk of the job!" Kayleigh smiled, "Getting paid to fuck good looking men with big cocks? Who wouldn't!"

Rob then called them back for action. Pavel slowly inched his 8" cock into Kayleigh's arsehole, she flinched at first before starting to relax and accept him into her. Pavel built up pace and was now fucking her arse hard from behind. They changed around so Pavel now laid down with Kayleigh sitting on his cock facing the camera. Finally they had Kayleigh laying flat on her belly with Pavel now driving his cock into her arse hard. 

After a couple of minutes Pavel signaled that he was ready 
to come. He swiftly pulled out and allowed Kayleigh to kneel 
in front of him, he immediately came, shooting the first couple of ropes over her face. It literally flew out. More ended up in her hair and dripped onto her tits. She smiled seductively at the camera and sucked the last drops of come from his cock.

The first scene was wrapped up and out of the way. Kayleigh and Pavel went to clean up while Ian and Steve stood with huge grins on their faces. 

"Enjoy that boys?" Emma asked.

"Fucking right!" They both said almost I'm unison.

"Right, Carly," Rob announced, "You're up next."

She felt a twinge of nerves but felt kind of glad she was up next. Rob explained that she would fuck Jean and Mario ending up with a DP and cumshot. This part was to be filmed I'm the living room.

After 10 minutes to get sorted, Carly made her way in wearing just her thong, bra and suspenders. Rob called for action so the men joined her on the sofa, spread her legs and started to fondle her tits and pussy through her knickers. She alternated between kissing them both. Rob then told her to get to all fours and suck Jean. His cock was huge, 9" at least. Carly gave it her best attention, taking as much as possible into her mouth and slurping loudly.

Mario pulled her knickers down over her bum and started to lick her. Carly let out a muffled groan as she continued to suck. The lads changed ends as directed, Mario presented Carly with an 8", hugely thick cock. She wet to work on him as Jean continued to pay attention to her pussy.

Rob called cut after 10 minutes of the oral scene and asked Carly to get ready for anal.

"Carly, I want you to play the part of the dirty one today." He said, "Straight to anal for you, no messing around!"

Carly gave him a nervous smile. Steve came over and handed her the lubricant. He reassured her that she would be fine as did Rob.

Carly got back onto all fours now just wearing her stockings. She parted her bum with one hand before getting back to sucking Mario's cock. Jean slid his tongue between her cheeks first and began to lick her arsehole. He spread her cheeks wide so that Mike the cameraman could get a close up of his tongue sliding in and out of her anus.

"Now I want you to fuck her Jean." Rob instructed, "Take it easy with her though, don't go too hard unless he tells you."

Jean did as he was told and edged the tip of his cock into Carly's arse. She had to stop sucking Mario and let out small cry of pain and pleasure. Once about half way in, Jean started to slowly fuck her. As he could feel her opening up he started to push deeper until his cock was in to the hilt. Carly went back to work on Mario's cock as Jean carefully fucked her bum. 

Rob asked them to swap after a few minutes so Mario entered her while she sucked Jean. This was the first time 
she had ever sucked a man that had just fucked her arse. It
 didn't horrify her as much as she thought as all she could taste was the cherry lubricant.

After 5 minutes with Mario fucking her, Rob called to.

"Take 5 minutes people, then it's DP time." He announced.

Carly took a breather and chatted to Emma about how it was going. She was having a great time although she admitted that the size of Jean's cock was just about as much as she could take up her arse.

When ready, Mike rolled the camera again. Carly straddled Jean, taking him in her pussy. He held her bum cheeks apart allowing Mario to enter her arse. She had never felt so full in her life. Both men fucked her hard, making her scream. Rob then asked her to sit on Jean with his cock in her arse and Mario to go on top in her pussy. After just a couple of minutes she asked to stop.

"I can't take anymore!" She shouted, "Have you got enough filmed?"

"We're fine." Said Mike, "Just take another couple of minutes then we'll do the cumshot."

"Are you ok darling?" Steve asked with genuine concern.

"I'm fine," Carly replied, "It just got to be a bit too much after a while. Don't worry though, I'm enjoying it."

Steve smiled and kissed her.

Rob asked Carly to kneel between the 2 men while they wanked over her. She fondled their balls while they did this. Jean was the first to come, bolts of spunk flying out over Carly's face and open mouth. She sucked the last drops off of his cock and swallowed. 

Mario then guided her towards his cock before letting himself go. His come didn't shoot out as far but there was floods of it. Her face and tits were covered and she again swallowed what had ended up in her mouth. Carly then sucked both men as their cock's were softening until Rob shouted cut.

Carly was delighted that her porn debut was now in the bag and left to clean up. Ian squeezed Emma's hand, sensing she was a bit nervous. He kissed her softly.

"You'll be great babe, knock em dead!" He whispered to her.

Emma smiled and made her way to the bedroom with Dave and Lee as requested. Ian made his way in to watch soon to be joined by Steve and Paul. They had been quietly enjoying themselves the same as Ian.

Rob told the 3 of the what he wanted, basically a similar scene but slightly less hard, no straight to anal this time. 

Emma was already stark naked in the middle of Ian and her bed. Dave started by gently licking her slit while Lee fondled her tits and kissed her. Emma could have stayed like that all day but Rob brought her back to earth by asking the lads to change over. Emma just relaxed and allowed Lee to eat her, Dave brought his cock level with her face so he could suck it. 

Emma could feel her orgasm building and sped up her sucking rhythm, Dave had to tell her to slow down as he was going to come. Emma just relaxed and enjoyed her orgasm. 

Lee then entered her and started to fuck her slowly while she continued to suck Dave. The lads again changed position when asked Leaving Emma to lie back and enjoy it. They then did doggie style followed by Emma riding them both before Rob asked if she wanted to do Anal.

"Yes please," Emma said with a smile, "I want both of you in my arse."

They gave her a couple of minutes to get herself ready. She knelt on all fours on the bed again and pushed her bum in the air. Dave parted her cheeks and began to lick her arsehole, he held her cheeks apart for the camera just as the other lads had done with Carly earlier. Emma started to lick Lee's balls then told him to pull his legs back. Rob looked happy with this bonus and closed in with his hand held camera as she rimmed him. 

Dave then slowly edged his 8" cock into her arse. It was probably the biggest she had ever had up there. She continued to rim Lee in time with Dave's strokes. The lads once again changed places and Emma treated him to the same arse licking that Lee had. 

Once they had got enough, Rob called to cut. 

"Emma, we're going to leave your DP till tomorrow, just the cumshot will do for today." He said.

They all took a few moments breather they filmed again.

"Lee, I want you to fuck Emma's arse again then pull out and come over her arse and back." He continued, "Emma, while he's doing that, keep sucking Dave and let him come in your mouth and on your face.

They got back into position, Lee fucked Emma's arse again until he finally pulled out and fired his load all over her arse. A couple of minutes later Dave gave the signal that he was ready. Emma clamped her lips around his cock and took the first couple of spurts in her mouth. She then took his cock out and directed the rest of his load onto her face.

Rob happily called time for the day. He had 3 scenes in the bag and was now planning to film an orgy scene tomorrow with all kinds of combinations to finish off. The whole group decided to go to Ian's local pub to round off a good day. 

After a couple of hours the tired stars started to drift away just leaving a few of the watching lads to carry on until closing time.

Emma and Carly slept well that night. Emma even gave Ian a handjob and let him come over her tits before they went to sleep.

The next day the crowd once again gathered at Ian's flat to finish the film.

"Right," Rob started, "I've got a few plans for what I want today but the end I'll just let you people get on with it and film what I need. Boys, the usual drill please, shout when you're ready to come."

Rob set one camera up in the spacious bathroom and told Emma and Kayleigh that they were going to start with Jean in there. The girls were to have sex in the bath before Jean came home to find them at it. He would then join in and fuck them both before they did some watersports.

While they got set, He went through to the other 5. Carly was to fuck 3 of the men before Lee, who was to play her husband arrived home, looked shocked then joined in. They would then be joined by the other 3 for a free for all.

Back in the bathroom, Mike started to roll the film as Emma and Kayleigh started to kiss and splash water over each others tits. They then licked each other nipples in turn before Mike asked Emma to sit on the edge of the bath. Kayleigh got between her legs and started to lick her soaking snatch. The girls changed around finally giving Emma the chance she wanted to taste Kayleigh. Emma thought he was fantastic and savoured every second.

Jean then came in and did his shocked husband act, the 2 girls were soon taking turns sucking his huge cock before he fucked them both. Rob then called to cut so they could get ready the peeing scene. Both of the girls drank a couple of pints of water as they were both to pee over Jean before he came over their faces. 

After about 20 minutes Emma announced that she was ready.
Jean laid in the shallow bath water and Emma stood over him. When they were ready to film Emma let go and started to pee over Jean's chest. The trickle became a stream as it cascaded over him. As she was finishing, he put his head between her legs allowing the last drops to go over his face. 
