 After whats recently transpired, things have changed dramatically. 

John from the farm contacted me on Tuesday and basically asked "what the fuck is it with Jordan's bikie boyfriend?" 

"What do you mean?" I asked as I haven't been in touch with her since she left.

"Fuck where do I start." John continued. "Had a party at the farm last week. Jordan asked me for as many guys to show up as possible because that what Pete likes. Anyway Eve got there Friday at lunchtime and we had a small group fucking her. Then Jordan rocks up in her BMW. So the boyfriend was driving so he pulls up out back and starts doing fucking donuts in the dirt. He was fanging the car. Just killing it. Shit was flying up everywhere. They both walk up like nothing happened. He was off his face on something. Ice probably. Walked past me like I'm shit."

"Was Jordan OK?" I asked.

"Ha!" John replied. "Dressed like a whore. Goth make-up. Tight super mini skirt. Like 2 sizes too small. Fucking nice thigh high boots though and a short shirt tied up under her tits and her tits were hanging out. Oh and lots of cum running down her legs. And fucking bite marks on her tits and love bites all over her neck!"

"What the fuck?" I replied.

"Yeah! She had zero sleep mate." John said. "Spoke to her and she had just come from another gangbang that Pete arranged. 60 guys and they all paid $50 each. So anyway."

"Sorry John." I said cutting him off. "Mate I have to go back into the office. I'll call you later." 

I couldn't help feeling sorry for Jordan because obviously this Pete guy was using her as a gangbang hooker. $3,000 is not bad for a nights fucking though. I wondered how often he had Jordan doing that. I would guess daily. And he's killing the BMW! What a cunt!

That night as I was going down on Emma I didn't know if I should bring up the conversation between John and myself about Jordan. I factored in she was 19, she was feeling happy because she now had Jordan's life and shes excited about us being together. I thought I should say nothing.

"Hey!" Emma said after we finished fucking. "Tomorrow is glory hole day! Yay!"

"Wow!" I replied. "You're really looking forward to this hey?"

"Oh yeah its so much fun!" Emma replied smiling. "And the guys groan so much when they cum. Its funny. Hey I have to show you something." 

Emma went running into the bedroom and came out wearing a red latex cat suit with zippers on the cunt and arse. It was tight and fucking hot as!

"Oh fuck!" I exclaimed. "That's fucking amazing. Suck me hard again babe because I wanna fuck you in that!" 

Emma dropped to her knees and went to work on my cock. I fucked her mouth for a while then laid her back on the floor to fuck her, alternating between her cunt and arse. It was so hot. 

Emma loved me fucking her in her new cat outfit. "Make me squirt?" she pleaded.

After I came, I rolled Emma on her back and I kept making her squirt unto she begged me to stop. She was covered in her own juices and cum was running out of her arse. Damn! She looked fine!

Later, we had dinner with her still in her cat suit. I thought 'what a babe!'

The next day at work, all I could think about was Emma at the glory hole in her cat suit. I had to leave early so made up an 'I have an urgent off site meeting' and took off. 

Luckily the sex shops only less than 10 minutes away from my work. When I got there, it was packed. Usually you may see maybe 10 people. There were 30-40 people - both men and women in the shop.

The owner was behind the counter getting money from customers, but they weren't buying anything. I walked up and asked him 'hows things?' He called over another staff member to the counter and bought me out the side.

"Mate!" He started off saying excitedly. "Emma is crazy! Shes been coming in here doing the glory hole during lunchtime. Fuck she loves the cock! Sorry. Have to go!" He then walked away to behind the counter.

I walked in through the back doorway to see Emma bent over in her red cat suit taking cock in her cunt. There were another four cocks shoved through the glory hole walls waiting their turn. She had her head down and was moaning. 

I went up to her and lifted her head up. She smiled at me. He hair was covered in dried cum and there was cum over the cat suit.

"Hi baby." She panted. "God! This is amazing!" She said with a broad smile as she was being pumped. Next thing her eyes lit up and she pushed hard against the glory hole wall. There was another new cock and this one must have been huge.

Emma reached over to grab another cock in front of her and started wanking the guy off and then sucking him off. He came in less than a minute. I pulled down my fly and shoved my cock in her mouth. She was hungry. "Fuck me babe after this guy blows?" She asked, almost begging.

After the big cock came into Emma's cunt, She turned around and started sucking off the other cocks so I had access to her arse. To say she said 'condoms only' Emma had a lot of cum coming out of both holes. I took her arse and pounded it furiously. She was stretched, warm and wet.

I must admit, I came pretty quickly. I then sat back on the floor, watching Emma go to work. She was insatiable, going from cock to cock and even giggling. After almost an hour, Emma stopped fucking and sat on the stool, but continued to wank guys off. She just sat there smiling at me.

Emma reached over to the corner and grabbed a vodka cruiser. No wonder she was giggling and horny. There were already 5 empty bottles! She drank half the bottle then went to work sucking a guys dick, while all the time looking at me. 

After the guy came, Emma opened her mouth so I could see the cum then she swallowed it all. Such a good girl!

There was pretty much a constant stream of guys coming in and Emma fucked most and swallowed quite a few. Some she just sucked then wanked them off over her cat suit which I think was a show for me.

Geoff, the owner/manager of the sex shop came in every so often to check on Emma and dropped off another 4-pack of cruisers.

"Hi!" He said to me. "Hey. A heads-up here. I have quite a few more guys coming. Is Emma up for it?" 

"Why don't you ask her?" I replied. "Shes the one doing the work."

"Shes a natural born slut isn't she?" Geoff said laughing. "Imagine what she will be like in 10 years? Never seen a girl love this so much. She reckons she does it for you as well." Geoff then patted me on my back and walked out. 

At the end of the night, Emma was exhausted. She came up to me absolutely covered in cum. "So." She exclaimed. "How was I? Fuck that was just fun! I would do it for free. Seriously." 

"As always." I replied. "You are magnificent!"

Emma smiled at me and kissed my cheek. "Wanna fuck when we get home?" She asked.

"Oh fuck yeah!" I replied. "I cant wait."

"Well fuck me here and then again at home!" Emma offered. "I'm feeling super horny still."

After we fucked, Emma put a dress and a top over her cat suit and we walked out into the main street. You could still see the legs of the cat suit but that was it. 

It was just after 10 pm and not a lot happens here on a Wednesday night.

As we were walking to the car park, there was a group of young guys, probably around Emma's age hanging around outside MacDonald's. One made a comment about 'the old man taking his daughter to Macca's'. 

Emma whispered to me "Shall I make their night?" 

Before I could answer Emma stopped walking, turned and went back to the guys and walked up to the 'mouthy' one. She whispered something in his ear and rubbed his is cock through his pants.

"What all 6 of us?" The guy replied.

"Unless you can get more, sure six is a start." Emma replied with a wink. With that she undid her skirt and took it off, showing off her cat suit underneath. This was in the main street!

You have to bear in mind, the catsuit is semi-transparent and the zippers were still undone. Emma then waved the guys towards her and walked down a side alley.

All six boys followed excitedly. One said "Umm. We don't have condoms." 

Emma looked over at me with a huge smile replied with a wink, "Well you'll just have to dump inside of me then." 

OK these guys didn't last a long time, but they fucked her hard. Like really slammed her. Emma bent over with her hands up against the wall as they all took turns. A few other guys turned up and got their mobile phones out to film.

"So you guys wanna go too?" I asked them. Two said yes and one just shook his head. 

After Emma finished fucking the last of the eight guys, she put on her dress over her cat suit, put her arms around me and said "OK. I'm tired now." 

As we were diving home, Emma was just looking out the side window. I initially thought he was asleep. She then looked over at me and asked. "Do you love me?" 

"Yes I do Emma." I replied. "I really do." 

"And will you let me fuck heaps of guys, like forever?" She asked seriously.

"Until you want to stop, yes babe, like forever." I said stroking her face.

"Good!" Emma exclaimed. "Because I was just thinking how much fun tonight was. And how I could walk up to a group of guys and tell them to fuck me. It felt powerful. And how you support me. You know, I was just thinking I can't live without fucking. I mean like lots and lots of fucking. Always. Its just awesome." 

Emma smiled at me then turned back and looked out the side window. She grabbed my hand off the steering wheel and rubbed it hard up against her cunt. "This is all yours baby. Forever." She purred.

The next morning, I got up had a shower and Emma was still asleep when I got out.

"Hey sleepyhead." I said kissing her forehead. "Uni. Remember?"

"I'm so tired." Emma groaned. "And still horny! A bit sore but. Mmmmm I want cock!" 

I threw back the covers and went to fuck her but she grabbed my cock and said "I wanna taste you." With that she hungrily sucked my cock til I came in her mouth. She then turned me around and rimmed my arse.

"Guys do this to me at the glory hole all the time." Emma said smiling. "You know at the larger holes on the side." 

"Yep I noticed those holes." I replied. "Do you like it?"

"Oh yeah." Emma sighed. "Even after guys came in me, others would lick my arse. How wicked! Feels great!" 

"Did you lick any of their arses?" I asked inquisitively.

Emma shoved her tongue in my arse. "Yeah maybe a few. A lot" She replied and then bit my arse. "I'm turning into a dirty whore hey babe?" 

"Yeah you are babe. An gorgeous one." I replied.

"And you want that yeah babe?" Emma whispered.

"Mmmm yes I do." I replied as she again shoved her tongue in my arse.

"Cool!" She said as she slapped my arse. "Now go earn us some money bitch. I'm staying home today!" 

Its becoming so hard to focus at work now with Emma going crazy slut. I keep checking my phone looking for her texts. At about 11:30am I got one.

'Luv u.' It started off. 'My car was left behind the sex shop. In an Uber they sent for me. Bout to suck and fuck xxx

I completely forgot that Emma drove into the city yesterday. Obviously so did she. So wow, even after spending all yesterday being fucked, Emma's gone back for more. Shes fucking loving all this cock!

During the day I tried ringing Emma a few times but it went to message bank. After 2:30pm she called back sounding exhausted. I walked outside to take her call.

"Oh babe!" Emma said panting. "So many guys here. from fucking here at lunchtime the word got out. Its crazy!"

"You're OK though?" I asked her.

"Oh yeah. Its great!" She replied. "Guys were asking through the hole if they could come into the room and give me $50 to fuck face-to-face. I said hell yeah! Oh I'm not drinking babe so I can drive myself home." 

"That's OK honey." I replied. "I'm happy to pick you up."

"You're just the best." Emma replied. "Can you come down? I have a new outfit on. Might wear it into town afterwards hehe." 

I couldn't finish work until after 5pm being a Thursday. As I wasn't expecting to go into the sex shop, I was dressed in business pants and a shirt, so I didn't look like I should be in there. Again the place was buzzing.

It was full of men pushing some 60 years old. Maybe older. Geoff waved me over and shook my hand.

"Mate!" He said smiling. "That cum slut of yours. Amazing! She rang and said if I could call her an Uber to get her car, she would fuck a heap of guys. Of course I said yes. Rang everyone I knew and they rang everyone they knew. Its been like this since lunchtime." Geoff said as he opened his arms up. 

"I hope you're looking after her?" I said frowning.

"Fuck yeah!" Geoff replied. "Every lunchtime I give her $400 and yesterday a grand. She will get that again today." 

"I meant security wise." I replied.

Geoff laughed. "Hey. Shes asking me for more guys!" He replied. "Like her confidence is through the roof. No fear. Shes got pussy power. And can she fuck!! I fucked her twice myself. Some of these guys are staying here all day. Have to go! Bye." 

I walked into the back room. Emma was being fucked by some fat black guy in his 50's. His cock was huge. Emma was wearing a blue latex dress that was tight on top but frilled out near the bottom. As she was being fucked she was sucking a cock through the glory hole and didn't see me come in. The fat guy arched his back and groaned. 

After he pulled out, he took a condom off and poured the cum over Emmas back. He then put $100 on the stool, winked at me and walked out. Emma stopped sucking the cock, turned around and shoved that cock up her arse. It was then she noticed me.

"Baby!" She called out. "Wow. You're late! Busy?"

"Not as busy as you." I replied.

"Hahaha." Emma laughed. "This is not busy. This is fun. Playing. Wanna fuck my arse?" Emma then pulled away from the glory hole wall, dropped to her knees and shouted through the hole. "Hey! Anyone wanna lick my arse?" 

There was a chorus of voices and cocks were replaced with tongues. Emma went up to one of the two larger holes, bent over and then smiled.

"Getting cleaned up for my man!" Emma said with a smile. She then closed her eyes and dropped her head down. I'm guessing someone was doing a good job rimming her.

After I fucked her arse and came I asked if she wanted a break to have dinner. Emma said yes, wiped some of the cum off her and we walked outside. "30 minute break guys." Emma said as we walked out the shop.

Everyone was looking at Emma as we walked down the road. You could see her hard nipples through the outfit and it was very short dress. One restaurant wouldn't let us in so it was a Maccas dinner - again!

As we lined up I could hear comments like 'hooker, slut' and I wanna fuck that whore'. Emma wasn't phased at all. Took it as a compliment I think. We grabbed the food and Emma said "lets go."

"Where babe?" I asked.

She took my hand and we went down a quiet back street. We went into a smaller lane way where there were a couple of cars parked. Up against the wall there were two old lounge chairs.

"What the fuck Em?" I asked her. "Whats here?"

"This is where it all started." Emma replied. "This where I had my first fuck. My first spit-roast, then my first gangbang. This was years before I met you baby." 

"Years?" I asked in shock. "Babe you're only 19." 

Emma leaned up and kissed me. "I'll tell you bout the first time when we're at home." Emma said seriously. "But yes when I was at high school I came here a lot with the guys and fucked most of them. Some just watched." 

Emma sat down on a chair and started eating her Maccas. I sat next her, looking at her. She wasn't as bubbly as she usually is.

"You OK baby?" I asked, holding Emma's hand.

"Yeah honey. I'm fine. Just thinking about stuff." She replied. She put her food down and gave me a huge kiss.

"When I was at school I was known as the biggest slut." Emma said picking up her food. "And I was. I was fucking guys really early on. Lots of guys. I enjoyed it. It felt nice. The guys were nice to me. The girls hated me. They wouldn't mix with me or even talk to me. So I stole their boyfriends and fucked them." 

Emma stood up and lowered herself onto my lap facing me. She then put her arms around me.

"We took the bus into town from school and found this alley." Emma continued with her story. "I fucked a lot of guys here. I still do. Some from uni. Some I picked up. Lots from when I was at school though. Its where I was free from the bullshit from school."

Just then we heard some voices coming towards us. There were four guys who lent up against the wall sharing a dope pipe and drinking.

Emma whispered, "I'm horny babe. Can I fuck them?" I nodded.

Emma, still in her latex mini dress stood up and walked towards them. I stood up and followed her. They all stopped what they were doing and looked over at Emma. They were around 40-45 years old and European.

They all said 'hi' and Emma said 'hi' back to them. She asked them what they were talking about. One mentioned the sex shop and how they got bored waiting for the 'glory hole whore' to return. Emma smiled.

"That's me!" She said pointing at herself. 

"Oh sorry love." One of them said. "Didn't mean to call you a whore. Who's this guy?" Another asked pointing at me.

"That's my man!" Emma said proudly. "And its OK. I am a whore. A very dirty one." Emma gave me a sexy wink. "Oh I better get back to the sex shop soon." Emma said pretending to sound concerned. "But I have time to fuck you all."

The guys all looked at me for approval. I nodded and gave the thumbs up. They all gave me a high five and then fucked Emma. They were all impressed she did anal and bareback. They slammed her, pulled her hair and slapped her arse. Emma was getting off on it and squirted a couple of times. All the guys got Emma to suck them clean as they had to 'go back to work'. 

The oldest guy came up to me and said "Hey. I love that your girl loves to fuck. As shes the glory hole slut, its obvious she can easily do groups of guys. Whats the most shes done, can I ask?"

"Yeah sure." I replied. "Shes done about 230 over a weekend." I said proudly. 

The guy just stood and looked at me in stunned surprise. "No fucking way man?" He shook his head. "Could I have her for a week? I want to take her to Sydney."

I frowned at him and asked, "what for? What do you have planned?"

He held out his hand and we shook hands. "I'm Lou. Me and my friends own various businesses. All legit. Anyway, were all perverted, as you can tell. To relax we go to sex parties and glory holes. XXX cinemas. Anything really. Anyway, the gangbang scene in Sydney is massive. And Queensland. Actually Perth too. Thing is. We want a regular slut that can take on big numbers. Share her around. You know. Have a regular whore. Dunno if you know Eve, but she went away a few times. Shes a bit old though"

I nodded and smiled. I was waiting for Jordan name to come up.

"Anyway." Lou continued. "Your girlfriend. Shes young. A filthy whore. Takes it up the arse and swallows. Perfect! Shes very attractive too and looks a bit European. Men from 18 to 80 would love her. During a full week we could get. I dunno. Maybe 500-600-700 guys. Maybe more coz shes so young. What. She 18? Lets say that. Oh. That's during the day and night. If its OK with you, she would get paid $10,000 for the full week. We have a deal?" Lou held out his hand again.

I took out my phone and told him to put is number in and I would call him tomorrow. Lou obliged and said "After 4 and before 7pm."

Emma and I went back to the sex shop where she continued fucking and sucking. I decided to leave her car in the city again and drove her home. I wanted to talk to her about Lou's offer.