 Emma's been regularly doing glory holes in the city sex shop. Initially it was for the money as shes a student, but now its her daily addiction to fun.

After the most recent session, we were eating takeaway when just by chance, Emma fucked a group of Italian businessmen. One made an offer of $10,000 for Emma to travel interstate for a week-long gangbang.

I did promise the guy, Lou, that I would run the offer past Emma and then make a call to him.

We were driving home from a glory hole session together the following night and Emma was feeling pretty happy.

"How cool was the turnout today?" Emma asked me. "Its great that everyone wants to fuck me!"

"They would be crazy not to want to fuck you babe." I replied. "Hey on that." I continued. "Remember those Italian dudes you fucked?" 

"Yeah." Emma replied. "They were nice. Liked to pull my hair and slap me. Fucked hard too haha." Emma laughed

"One of them made an offer to me and I said I would talk to you about it." I said touching Emma's arm. "There's no pressure. Its 100% up to you if you wanna say no." I continued.

"I'm curious baby." Emma said frowning. "What's THE OFFER?" Emma asked putting her fingers in the air as an ellipsis.

I explained about the trip to Sydney for an entire week and fucking guys possibly aged from 18 to 80 for that week. Emma was excited and smiling. Her eyes lit up. I then told her it could be from 500 to more guys shes would be fucking. Emma just shrugged her shoulders.

"Hey that's like less than 100 a day?" Emma stated with no concern. "So what? OK whats in it for me then besides a free trip to Sydney with the shopping hehe?"

I then told Emma that if she does it for the entire week they would pay her $10,000 cash. Emma's mouth dropped open. She squeezed my arm.

"Are you fucking serious?" Emma said now bashing my arm. "$10,000 to fuck a group of guys? Fuck yeah I'll do it. Why didn't you say yes on the spot? Call him now!!" 

"I wanted to make sure you were OK with." I started saying.

"OK?!" Emma shouted. "$10,000 to do what I love? What I need! Fuck you're kidding. Tell me when. Are you coming? Please come?" 

"Yes of course I'm coming babe." I replied. "I need to look after you."

Emma kissed my cheek as we pulled into the driveway at home. "You don't need to look after me baby." She said with the wave of her hand. "You just need to get me cock. Like you used to for Jordan." 

That's the first time in a couple of weeks I heard her name and for Emma to mention Jordan I thought was a bit weird. Anyway. We went inside and despite Emma fucking and sucking all day, she dropped to her knees and hungrily sucked me off. She then turned me around and rimmed my arse.

"I did a lot of this today." Emma said between licks. "Men are whores. They love it." Emma then shoved her tongue into my arse. "Do me now." Emma demanded.

I must admit seeing Emma had her arse pounded all day and night and quite a few loads dumped in there, I wasn't that keen on rimming. Instead I suggested I fuck her arse. Emma was happy with my suggestion.

The next morning Emma woke up and reminded me to ring Lou about the Sydney gangbang session. She also said that as her car was again left overnight in the city, she would ask Geoff from the sex shop to send her an Uber.

"I need to get into training." Emma said jumping up and down. "If I'm going to fuck for the entire week haha. How many did you say? More than 500 guys? Woohoo! That would be a record hey? More than anyone else! Guess its over seven days which is easy. But $10,000. Oh yeah! $10,000!" 

Emma jumped up and hugged me. "Fuck me before work babe? Fuck my arse?" She pleaded. So I did!

I finished work and was heading to see Emma at the glory hole. thought I better ring. "Hi mate. Can you talk?" I asked.

"Yeah who's this?" Lou responded.

"Yeah, I met you and your friends in the city last night." I replied.

"Oh fuck!" Lou replied in shock. "Just hang on. I'll call you in 2 minutes." He then hung up. 1 minutes later he rang back.

"Fuck man." Lou started. "Lucky you didn't say anything stupid. I was on hands free. Anyway. Me and the boys been thinking about doing your young whore. If you're keen, I think we can get big numbers. So whats the deal? We in or out?" 

"To be honest." I said pausing. "Emma is fucking keen as." 

"Awesome!" Lou replied. "Something about her. Shes fucking dirty. A natural dirty whore. I've seen a few and shes fucking filthy. Hope you don't mind me speaking like that?" Lou asked.

"No." I replied "And yes you're right. For such a young chick, shes so comfortable doing gangbangs. Its great." 

"OK!" Lou continued. "This takes some setting up. Booking the house. Getting the guys. Getting them to pay up front. Shit you don't need to worry about. I need pics. Face pics. Titty pics. Body pics. Pics of her cunt and arse. Preferably dripping with cum. You got them?" 

"Yeah I have a few." I replied.

"I bet you do you dirty cunt." Lou laughed. "Anyway. This will take two weeks. I can book the flights for both of you. Accom, everything. You just bring the whore. Oh she doing the glory hole today?" 

"Yeah shes there now." I replied. "On my way as we speak."

"Good. Good." Lou replied. "Lets meet outside? I wanna fuck the slut but we can talk first. OK?" 

"Yep sounds good. 10 minutes?" I asked.

I arrived at the sex shop and true to his word Lou turned up with another 2 guys. I shook all their hands and we lent against the wall talking.

"These two boys" Lou said pointing at the other two men. "They set everything up. Deal is. We have a regular group of guys rock up for gangbangs. The club has about 2,200 members. Obviously not all show up at once. Its discrete. Most are married, in relationships or have businesses. So no pics or vids. Is that clear?"

"Crystal." I replied.

"I like him." Lou said smiling to his two mates. "OK. Money. We want to make sure your girls stays until the end because that's when you get paid. Its cash. All men have to provide medical checks to show they're clean. I expect the same from the slut. Every hour, she can take a 5-10 minute break unless she wants to keep going. Starts at 9am finishes at midnight. That's it. Questions?" 

"I'm assuming the events staggered?" I asked. "Like there's not 100 guys all waiting their turn at once?"

"Generally yeah." Lou replied. "There's like blocks of 15-20 guys per hour or so but some stay on and fuck her more than once. Shes been doing the glory hole a while I'm guessing. I cant see a big group bothering her." I nodded and laughed. 

With that we all shook hands again and went inside to fuck Emma. Lou and his two friends came into the glory hole room where Emma was. 

Emma was up against the wall getting her cunt slammed and was sucking cock. She was excited to see us all. Lou's two friends were very impressed. 

One guy went up and opened his fly turned Emma's head away from the cock she was sucking and shoved his cock into her mouth. She hungrily took it and sucked him hard. 

All three took turns fucking Emma and after we all blew, we watched Emma at work.

"So?" Lou asked. " A regular?" 

Both guys nodded. I looked confused at the three guys. "Regular?" I asked.

One of the guys walked up to me and said. "Yeah. We want a slut we can use on a regular basis for the boys to fuck. Mostly in Sydney but we go all over. Usually every two to three weeks. Depends."

"So a full week? How many guys usually?" I asked.

"Yep." Lou replied. "Seven to nine days. Guys?" Lou shrugged. "minimum is 500 to make it worthwhile. There's no real cut off if its over nine days. Eve did, hmmm I think around 700 so yeah 100 a day." 

Emma looked over at us while she was till sucking cock. She stood up and walked over.

"I heard 100 a day. Is that right?" Emma asked.

"Yeah gorgeous." Lou replied nodding.

"Think you could handle that?" One of Lou's friends asked.

Emma smiled and looked at me. I was curious as to what she would say.

"Well." Emma replied walking up to the guy that asked the question. She dropped to her knees and started to suck his cock hard again. "Mmmm you taste like me. And cum. To be honest, I was hoping for more, but yeah 100 is a good start."

"Sweetie." Lou said. "You have to realise its over seven days of continuous fucking and sucking." 

"Yeah. I know." Emma replied between sucking cock. She then turned around and slid the guys cock into her arse. She then opened her mouth and pointed at it. I walked towards her, pulling down my fly. "I want the seven days of fucking but I want more than the 700 I just heard you say that 700 Eve did. Can you get more?" Emma then sucked my cock while her arse was getting pounded.

Lou palmed his forehead. "Wow!" He exclaimed. "I think we have a definite winner here. You want to do more than 700? Is this a competition between you and Eve hey? I like that. OK. Best thing is to start Saturday and go through to the following Sunday. Finish Sunday arvo around 3pm. That's nine days. OK. Will give you an extra 2K for that. Sounds good?" 

Emma stopped sucking my cock and replied "$12,000 for nine days work? Fuck yeah! Can't wait!" 

At the end of the glory hole session that evening, Emma remembered to drive her car home. I was waiting at the front door for her. She jumped out of her car and came running up to me.

"Baby!" She exclaimed. "I have something to tell you."

"Oh fuck!" I thought. "She's pregnant." I hugged her and asked "What is it baby?" 

"Well." She said with her head down. "Seeing whats been happening and whats gonna happen in Sydney. I'm gonna defer my uni studies for a couple of years and just fuck. What do you think?"

I was so relieved. "To be honest babe." I started to reply. "I don't know how you've done both." 

Emma looked relieved. "Phew." She sighed. "I thought you might give me shit or something. But doing the maths, that's like over a quarter of a million dollars over a year. Where and how could earn that? Anywhere?"

We both went inside and seriously fucked like crazy. Emma was so wound up and horny. She wanted me to fuck her arse then she wanted me to alternate shoving my cock in her mouth and her arse over and over. It was hot. After I came she wanted me to piss over her in the shower and gargle my urine. 

I laid back on the bed and Emma licked my balls while she was texting. 

"Who you texting babe?" I asked.

"Letting Geoff know I'll be doing the glory hole everyday plus I'm texting some of the guys from when we did the gangbang here." Emma replied.

"Really?" I asked. "How come?"

"This is something else I was thinking about and wanna tell you." Emma replied. "There's quite a few guys I invited to the glory hole that were here at the gangbang. Anyway they asked whens the next gangbang here. I said soon. Can we do one? Like this weekend? After all, I'm in training." Emma said laughing.

I started barring up again and Emma sucked my cock hard. "That's a yes then!" Emma said laughing again.

I totally let Emma arrange the weekend gangbang. I invited a few guys and John to show up. 

We ended up with almost 60 guys. Emma was hungry and fucked like an animal. She told the guys what was planned with 700 guy gangbang during the week. All said they wanted to go but I shut them down and said they can fuck her here.

When Emma went back to fucking, John gave me an update on Jordan. 

"Fuck man." John said. "Jordan's looking like shit. That Pete guys just using her. Everyday and night shes doing gangbangs. Hes sharing her to other bikie clubs for their parties. Well not sharing. Charging. Hes rough as when he fists her too dude. Like he pumps his fist in and laughs while guys fuck her arse. Shes so loose. Like her cunt is gaping when shes sitting down. Its massive! Anyway. Tell me about Emma and this 700 guy gangbang?" John asked smiling.

I went into some detail saying shes getting paid but I didn't say how much. I then changed the subject a bit and told John about Emma doing the glory hole and giving up study.

"That's her?" John asked. "Emma's the glory hole dump? Hahaha. That's fucking gold mate."

"What?" I asked. "You know? Whats been said?" 

"Oh just there's a tight cunt slut taking it up the arse at the glory hole bareback." John replied. "I was goings to head down here myself. They said she was barely 18. Haha." 

As the days got closer to the Sydney trip, Emma was getting more and more excited. She was fucking everyday at the glory hole plus picking up randoms at clubs. After she got her blood results back, Emma stuck to condom fucking, much to the disgust of the glory hole gang.

On the Thursday before the Sydney flight, Lou and I caught up for lunch. Emma was busy fucking her brains out at the sex shop.

"Got the word out mate." Lou informed me. He lent in close. "Over 900 have said yes and paid their money. . If we tell Emma, will she get scared? I don't want her scared." 

I pursed my lips. "Well." I started off with a big pause. "We have talked. I told Em that its likely that as its over nine day, we might be looking at those numbers. I said probably 800-900."

"Yeah and?" Lou asked with his eyes wide open and rubbing his hands together. 

I placed my hand on his arm and looked down at the table. I then looked up at him and replied. "Well. She clapped her hands and said - that would be amazing."

Lou had a very broad smile on his face and made a fist and shook it at the sky. "Yes!" He exclaimed. "Fuck. I'm gonna get the boys to start working on Melbourne next then Queensland. We have a heap of guys in both places."

"So what?" I asked slightly amazed. "The 2,200 members was just Sydney?"

Lou stood up with his phone in his hand. He patted me on the shoulder. "You're playing with the big boys now. We're international." 

Thursday night came and Emma was packing all her slutty clothes for the Friday morning Sydney trip. I decided to take the Friday off and the following week as annual leave. 

Emma loved her latex outfits but she had lace nighties and dresses, crutch-less outfits, leather dresses, knee-length fuck-me boots and she put Jordan's black slut dress on the bed.

"This is for the flight over and for the first night." Emma exclaimed. "This will be fucked and soaked like never before. Maybe ripped - who knows?" Emma smiled a very satisfied smile. She then picked up the dress out and put it on. "Fuck me now baby. Fuck me like the dirty cum slut whore I am!" 

The next morning, true to her word, Emma wore Jordan's slut dress. There was a dried cum stain on the back. It was small but we could both see it.

We took an Uber to the airport and Emma was smiling all the way in. Emma was jittery was we sat in the Qantas lounge waiting to board the Sydney flight.

"I've never been in here." Emma said looking around the lounge. "Is there anywhere here to fuck?"

I laughed. "Babe I don't think there is. The toilets?" I suggested.

Emma stood up and took my hand. I picked up my laptop bag, put it over my shoulder and we walked into the mens toilet. There was one guy at the urinal so we snuck into a cubical.

I pulled down my pants and sat on the toilet. Emma faced the door and immediately slid onto my cock which was already hard.

She was so wet and dripping. No wonder she wanted to fuck. 

Emma bounced up and down and I was trying hard not to cum. Tried thinking about work, food, road kill, anything. I whispered to Emma I better not blow inside her or the entire plane will smell it. 

Emma jumped off my cock, turned around and sucked me hard until I came then licked her juices off my cock and balls.

The back of Jordan's slut dress was wet from Emma's dripping cunt. She was so horny. Emma sat on my lap facing and kissed me deeply.

"Hun." Emma whispered. 

"Yes babe." I replied.

"I think there's something wrong with me." She said concerned.

'Oh God!' I thought. 'An infection? No the blood tests were clean. Pregnant? Nope. Fuck she wants someone else. Yeah that's it'

"What is it baby?" I asked concerned.

"Its just that." Emma started to say dropping her head, then looked at in the eyes. "This week in Sydney is all I have been thinking about. Like seriously. I wake up and rub my clit thinking about all those cocks non-stop fucking me! Its like an 'oh wow' feeling."

I was so relieved. I held her head close to me and hugged her tight.

"Baby." I said moving in close to Emma's ear. "There is nothing wrong with you at all. You're perfect in every way. You just love to fuck. Its the same as guys. That's all we think about. I love you." 

With that I kissed her beautiful mouth, even though it tasted like cum. Emma shoved her tongue deep down my throat.

We tried to quietly leave the cubical. Unfortunately there were a couple of guys at the urinal that heard us talking and turned around as we walked out.

"Shall I suck them?" Emma asked me with a wicked grin. 

"Of course." I replied.

Just then we heard the call that our flight was boarding. Emma still got to her knees and one of the guys turned around from the urinal and held his cock in his hands. Emma sucked him hard very quickly and he came just as quick. The other guy got 'stage fright' but stood there watching.

When we arrived in Sydney and I took by phone off 'Aeroplane Mode' I saw a message from Lou. He had text us the address which was at Millers point. As we waited for our bags at the carousel, Emma just kept smiling at me and hugging my arm.

When we got to address I rang Lou to let him know we were there. He opened the door with his two 'henchmen' standing behind him. Emma went running up and hugged Lou.

"I wont let you down." Emma said to Lou. "This is going to be epic!"

Lou smiled at Emma, held her head and kissed her lips. "Hey babe." He said. "As if you could let me down. I have a few boys here just to start things off." 

"I thought the party started tomorrow?' I asked.

"Hey relax." Lou said. "There's only six of us. Whatta you think Emma? Get you warmed up?"

"Oh yes please!" Emma exclaimed clapping her hands.

Lou stood back to allow Emma to walk past him to go inside. He slapped her arse then felt his hand. "Are you wet already slut?" Lou asked.

Emma stopped, turned around and grabbed Lou's hand. She then rubbed it against her pussy and smiled. "What do you think?" Emma asked him.

"Help him with the bags." Lou said to his 'henchmen' as he followed Emma inside.

By the time I got inside with the bags, Emma was on the lounge tongue kissing a big black guy. He stood up and opened his fly. This guy was 6'8" tall and built like a block of units.

Emma gasped as he held his cock in his hand. It was a donkey dick! Emma put both hands around it and struggled to get it in her mouth. She sucked and licked his knob for a while. He then wanked off into her mouth. Emma swallowed every drop. 

The other five guys, including Lou had their pants of and were wanking. Emma got into the doggy position on the lounge and all the guys took turns fucking her cunt and arse. She squirted a couple of times and was dripping.

Mr donkey dick was hard again. Emma laid on her back, keen to see it she could take his cock. He slowly slid it in and Emma exhaled deeply.

"Oh fuck!" She exclaimed. "Go slow. Mmmm that's it. Keep sliding it in. Ahhhh." 

Everyone in the room was mesmerised, including me. How was Emma taking this guy? Guys stood on either side of Emma holding her legs up and open. Emma was rubbing her clit. I moved around and shoved my cock in Emma's mouth.

She sucked it occasionally, but pulled it out as she sighed. She licked my knob and looked up at me. "I love you." she said breathlessly. 

Donkey dick was pumping Emma but he couldn't get his entire cock into her swollen cunt. Eventually he came and Emma sighed in relief. She took five minutes then was back fucking everyone. 
