 After flying to Sydney for the 9 day gangbang, things got off to a flying start with Lou deciding to invite five guys and himself to fuck Emma the day before the Saturday all-day party. Not that Emma was upset or anything. In fact she loved it.

The next morning I was woken up with Emma sucking my cock. She looked up and smiled at me.

"Wake up sleepy head." Emma said with a smile on her face and my cock in her hand. "Mmm you taste nice. Like me." She said sucking my cock again. "Can you fuck me now please?" She asked licking the tip of my cock.

"God that's nice." I whispered. "You're off to an early start baby. What's the time?" I asked.

"Time to fuck me!" Emma replied pulling at my cock. She straddled me and my cock slid straight in. Her cunt was already dripping wet. She bounced up and down on my cock groaning. She came withing two minutes.

She then jumped off, turned around and held her arse open. "In here!" She instructed.

Her arse was still a bit stretched from last night and smelt of cum.

"My arse has been leaking cum all night so I thought I would need a top up." Emma said laughing. "God, today's going to be so awesome. Cock all day and night! I'll be in heaven. Will you keep count babe?" Emma asked as I slid in and out of her wet arse. 

"Of course. I will." I replied staggering my reply as I thrust into Emma's arse. "Might be a bit hard. With all the guys. Over nine days. Babe." 

After I came we both showered we walked down the road for breakfast as there was no food in the house, just alcohol and bits of pizza. On the way down I thought I would ask Emma more about her dad fucking her. 

I was a bit embarrassed I didn't ask her the question earlier and a total stranger had the night before.

"So babe." I said holding Emma's hand. "Do you want to talk about your past with your dad? You know... just generally?" 

"Sure hun." Emma replied smiling. "What do yo want to know?"

"Ummm." I started off thinking where could I go with this. Especially as my early exposure to sex was with my sister. "Tell me whatever you want to. Whatever you're comfortable with." I suggested.

"I guess the beginning?" Emma replied. 

Emma went into details about her mother being in the military and Emma not seeing a lot of her. Emma's dad worked for a division of the state government which allowed him to travel during the day. 

She also talked bout how her dad always used to kiss her on the lips, even at an early age, so for her that was normal, even as she got older.

Her father exposed Emma to porn and things progressed from there. Emma did stress that her father never hurt her or forced himself, was gentle and sex to her seemed a natural progression from kissing and it was fun and felt nice.

We stopped out the front of the cafe and Emma said. "After a while my dad invited men to come our home so doing groups is no big deal to me babe. They used to bring me presents and stuff. You know make-up and perfume." Emma kissed my lips then walked inside the cafe.

I was surprised about how open Emma was and how 'normal' Emma considered her life. Then again, I guess there are a lot of parallels with my life.

After we had breakfast I looked at the time and it was getting close to 9am. As we walked back Emma looked at me and said. "You know I always feel in control here don't you babe? Like, if I didn't want this, it wouldn't happen. I just love the feeling of fucking. All the attention. Being kissed and licked. But yeah. I just love and need to be fucked." 

I put my arm around Emma and held her in close. We stopped walking and hugged and kissed in the street. "I love you baby." I said to Emma looking deep into her brown eyes.

"I love you babe too." Emma replied. "I think we're perfect together. I think you're who I needed in my life." She hugged me closer then we continued walking back to the house.

"So what happened to your dad?" I asked. "Didn't you say there's an order against him?"

"Yeah." Emma replied. "Mum came home from military duty hoping to surprise us. Dad had invited a couple of guys over that day and mum caught us. Went court. Now dad can't come near me or make contact. Yeah. So that's pretty much it."

"Oh wow." I replied. "So you're all OK baby?"

Emma hugged me close and replied. "Yeah hun. All good. Hey! Remember that lane-way in the city I showed you?" Emma paused for a moment. She had a big smile on her face. "Sometimes dad and I catch up there. In secret. Sometimes he brings his friends too. It's fun. Hehe."

I was stunned that Emma still sees her father for sex. Especially after the court barring him from contacting her. I thought this was none of my business so I didn't push the point. Plus Emma seemed pleased by the fact they still fuck.

By the time we arrived at the house, Lou was already there with about 7 other guys. He tapped his watch. I held up my mobile phone to show it was 8:50am and we had 10 minutes.

Emma and I walked upstairs to the bedroom. Emma held up Jordan's slut dress. It was dry but had quite a few cum stains on it from Friday. 

"Shall I still wear it?" Emma asked. "Do you think they will mind? I think its kinda hot with the cum stains." Emma said smiling and licking her lips.

"So do I." I replied. Emma put the black slut dress on, put on some makeup and we walked downstairs to the lounge. Some guys were already naked and some had their cocks out wanking.

Straight away Emma went to work. She didn't introduce herself, she just dropped to her knees and went from cock to cock. She then got on her knees on the lounge in doggy position and opened her legs. Guys went to the back of the lounge to continue getting head-jobs but most wanted to get straight in and fuck her.

There was no hesitation and as soon as one guy blew, the next one was taking his place. They were like machines. It was all organised. One after the other. Almost like a dance.

In no time at all the room seemed to fill up with guys. They just walked in and started fucking Emma.

And she was loving it! She was groaning and cumming and squirting. After an hour the group we all went upstairs to the bedroom and the fucking continued, this time with Emma on her back.

Lou laid on the bed and invited Emma to sit on top. From that point it was non-stop double penetration. Earlier in the lounge, a few guys fucked Emma's arse, but as soon as the DP started, more guys wanted her arse.

After Lou came inside Emma he asked if she wanted a break. She shook her head.

Almost three hours went past before Emma asked for a break. She walked over and hugged me. Her breath smelt strongly of cum.

"You been counting babe?" Emma asked me breathlessly. "I swallowed nine so far hehe. Fuck this is fun!" She exclaimed.

"I think you're already at 55 guys." I told Emma. "You're feeling OK?" I asked.

Emma clapped her hands. "55 already?" She exclaimed. "Wow that was easy. I need a drink, empty out some cum then more cock! You guys ready?" Emma asked the group.

In unison they all cheered. At that moment another group came it. It seems like the first lot hadn't left. 

It got to 2:30 and the stream of guys was endless. There were some guys around 18-20 years old that looked like they were the sons or relatives of the older guys there. The young boys didn't last too long but they were keen. They were cheered on by the older guys and encouraged to 'have another go' after they had cum the first time.

At about 3:30 someone ordered pizzas so Emma had a break and we sat down and chatted although during the 'break' guys still played with Emma's tits and rubbed her clit.

I kept asking Emma about her welfare and how she was feeling. Whenever she went to answer, guys pulled her hair back and tongue kissed her or shoved their cocks in her mouth. Emma didn't seem to mind though. 

I had to say "Guys. Shes taking a fucking break. Leave her for five minutes will you?" 

Emma touched my face. "Its OK babe." She said in a soothing voice. "Seriously I don't mind. Its all fun and I need the cock. Talking about that, how many now?" 

"71." I replied. Emma smiled and kissed me.

"Wow! That's just awesome." Emma replied smiling . Just then a guy walked over and Emma grabbed his cock and started sucking it. "Back to the fun!" She said.

Emma stood up and went back to the bedroom. Everyone cheered when she walked back into the bedroom and Emma smiled and waved, like she was a queen.

As we got toward the end of the night a lot of the older guys had left. Emma was relaxed and laid back having conversations with the younger ones while she was being fucked. It was just like 'another day at the office' for her.

Occasionally Emma would go in doggy position for anal fucking or on top for DP's, but the more the night went on, the more relaxed Emma was. Even laughing and joking with the guys with her hands behind her head.

Approaching midnight, Lou said to guys that Emma would be 'closing up the shop until morning'. Emma laughed.

"So my three holes are shops Lou?" Emma laughed while she was getting her arse and cunt fucked.

"No disrespect love." Lou replied holding his hand up.

Emma laughed. "Haha. None taken Lou. Hey I'm here for the same reason you guys are. To fuck. I'm lucky enough to be the cum dump so yeah, please fill me!" 

"Hey babe." I replied. "I reckon you've been filled and emptied out a few times already today."

Everyone in the room laughed, including Emma. 10-15 guys remained and they all fucked Emma one more time before they left. It was getting close to 1am.

Lou was the last man standing so we spit-roasted Emma as we talked.

"Great start to the day Sweetie." Lou said to Emma while fucking her cunt and slapping her arse.

Emma took my cock out of her mouth. "It was awesome. I had fun." Emma replied. "How many did I do?"

"Had 120 for day one." Lou replied. "Be about the same tomorrow. Is that OK Emma? Happy?"

"Oh yeah. Of course. And very happy" Emma replied. She then went back to sucking me off.

"Shes a fucking machine mate!" Lou said to me. "Like literally... a fucking machine. Never met anyone like her. Reckon she will be good to go in two weeks? Off to Queensland if she is." 

"Ohhh Queensland?" Emma asked. "Yes! Yes! I love Queensland!" 

"Looks like were off to Queensland then." Lou said slapping Emma's arse again. "We doing the nine days or seven?" 

"Oh nine days for sure!" Emma replied. "I feel good after doing 120 guys today." 

"Shouldn't you wait until day nine before thinking you'll be OK babe?" I asked.

Emma stopped sucking my cock and looked up at me. "Don't you think I would know if I can handle nine days of fucking?" Emma asked me seriously. "Lou can you guys swap around?"

I went around to fucking Emma's cunt. It was red and puffy but man it felt nice to fuck. Like velvet. Cum was running out of it and the bed and the slut dress were both soaked.

At that point we stopped talking for the next few minutes and just fucked. I came first then Lou came in Emma's mouth. She swallowed every drop. 

"And that's 17 swallowed today!" Emma said after Lou came. "And tomorrow I will swallow 20!" Emma said looking at me, almost in defiance. 

"OK look!" Lou said. "I have to get back to my family. You guys sort this before tomorrow OK?" He then got dressed and walked downstairs. We heard the door close.

I then went to hug Emma and she walked towards the shower. I followed. 

"Hun!" I started saying. "I wasn't telling you what to do. I was just..." 

"Yes you were!" Emma said raising her voice. "Just don't...OK?" 

I apologised and went downstairs to grab a drink. I turned on the TV and watched a sport update. Emma came down about 15 minutes later dressed in a see-through negligee. 

"You like" Emma asked me sweetly. "This is for tomorrow."

"Oh my God! Fuck yeah!" I replied looking at her in amazement. "Look I'm Sorry about..." 

"Shhhhh." Emma whispered putting her finger to her lips. She then put her finger in her mouth to simulate oral sex. "I need to be fucked. I'm all clean. Lick my clit?" 

I stood up grabbed Emma and thew her on the lounge. She held herself wide open while I licked her clit and shoved three fingers in. Emma groaned. "Fuck yeah!" She said breathlessly as she pushed my head towards her cunt. 

"Put another finger in?" She begged. "Finger me hard. Make me squirt!" 

I had four fingers in and my thumb. I was pushing to get my knuckle into her cunt. Eventually my entire hand slipped in and Emma squirted at the same time. She squirted all over my face and it was hot.

I pushed my hand in and Emma grabbed my arm and forced my fist deeper into her cunt. She pulled my hand into and out of her cunt like it was a dildo. Emma came and she was loud. 

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" She shouted. "Oh fuck that was nice! Now fuck my arse one time before bed? Can you keep your fist in?"

It took a bit of maneuvering and in the end I had to slide my fist out of her cunt as I couldn't get my cock in her arse while I fisted her.

The next morning, yep you guessed it, Emma was sucking my cock. 

"You're my alarm cock!" Emma said laughing.

I held Emma's head down and she gagged. She pulled back and said. "That was awesome." She went back to sucking my cock until I came.

I ordered Uber eats the next morning as we didn't want to walk to the cafe. Emma looked at me all sad after I finished the Uber call.

"Whats wrong babe?" I asked concerned.

Emma stroked my face. "You've been so nice to me and I was a cunt last night. I'm sorry." She said. 

I looked at her and frowned. "Sorry?" I asked. "What for? When were you a cunt? You've been amazing. The best!" 

"When you were worried about me and I pretty much told you to fuck off." Emma replied sadly. "I'm a cow. Sorry. I love you." 

I laughed. "You're not a cow babe. You are one amazing girl. And I love you to bits!" 

Emma stood up and hugged me. She then grabbed one of her tits and shoved it in my mouth. Of course I sucked her nipple. There was then a knock on the door. It was great timing because I hadn't recovered enough to fuck Emma again and I knew she wanted it. It was Uber with our breakfast.

As we were eating Emma breakfast was texting. She looked up and me and said. "My dad knows about you and what we're doing." 

Instant thought was "Oh fuck!"

"Really?" I asked swallowing. Emma laughed.

"Haha. Its all good." Emma replied touching my hand. "He just said 'that's my girl. You have fun and be careful.' He thinks its great and encouraged me to fuck lots of guys. He's the best dad!" 

"Wow!" I thought. Then again I wasn't that surprised, but I didn't expect him to be OK with the mega gangbangs.

Right on the dot at 9am, there was Lou with a couple of guys plus Mr donkey dick again at the door. Emma was very, very happy to see him. Turns out his name is Aaron. Go figure. Didn't look like an Aaron, more a Joe or Mario.

Anyway, that day went pretty much like the first. Emma had to get up a few times to 'empty out the excess' and then continued fucking. Aaron was involved in a couple of DP's but Emma wanted him for her own. Guys were happy enough to watch. Emma asked me for her mobile phone which she unlocked. 

"Take pics of Aaron fucking me babe please?" She asked panting. "And a video too?"

Everyone in the room liked the suggestion and took out their mobiles.

"Hey!" Lou said sternly. "No face pics!"

Someone shouted out. "Really?" You think were gonna take face pics when this gorgeous cunt is being stretched in front of us?" The room pretty much laughed at that comment, as did Emma.

At the conclusion of day two, Emma had fucked 133 guys and true to her word, swallowed 22 loads of cum. Everyone left at midnight this time at the insistence of Lou.

Emma's cunt was red and swollen but it seemed to get Emma off. Her arse was getting stretched and it was red too. She even took pictures of her cunt and arse in the mirror. She then looked at the pictures and the video of Arron donkey dick. She smiled and nodded as she was watching the video.

"Just sending an update to dad." Emma said. "He likes the pics." 

I tried not to look shocked, but I was. Made me wonder what he did with them. Shared them around or wanked off to them. Probably both.

Emma then shoved the mobile phone into and out of her cunt.

"Dunno what dad wants with this as he wont see anything. He asked me to do it for him." Emma laughed.

She was either face-timing her dad or recording it. Hey, who am I to judge. It was getting me hard I must admit. 

I stood up and shoved my cock in Emma's mouth. She held the phone out while she was sucking me to record it all. I would have thought the camera lens would have been a bit cloudy from all the cum and Emma's juices. Hey. Whatever.

I fucked Emma's stretched cunt thanks to Aaron donkey dick and went to sleep. For tomorrow we start again!!