 After day two of the gangbangs, Emma's getting into the swing of things. Even after an entire day and evening of fucking, she was still horny and wanted more cock.

The current count is 253 guys for the two days, plus the six and me she fucked Friday night.

Day three (Monday) got off to a pretty good start. Emma was wearing her cat suit and the guys were very impressed, as was I. Early in the morning a couple of guys showed up that were trades men. They basically fucked Emma, came, then left for work. 

By lunchtime Emma had fucked close to 50 guys and swallowed 11 of them. She had to take off the cat suit as she was sweating and feeling uncomfortable.

Emma took a quick break, ran upstairs, had a shower and came down wearing a red negligee with crutch-less panties on. The boys loved it.

During the day things slowed a bit, but at 5:30 a large group showed up. Some of these guys were massive - in build and cock size. Emma was getting pounded and she had to stop anal for a while as the guys were giving it to her hard.

Emma was only wearing the crutch-less panties at this stage as the guys had ripped off her top. One of the guys wanted to take her into the front yard for a fuck. Lou was a bit reluctant but in the end thought why not.

Emma was keen to be fucked anywhere so she went outside. There were a few cars around, but no one walking the street so few guys took it in turns to fuck her. We had a couple of cars beep, but nothing more.

Emma suggested we go down the road and fuck her in the park. 9 guys ended up walking with her to the park and fucked her on a park bench. Besides Emma saying it was a bit cool outside, she loved the fucking in public.

Once Emma and everyone was back at the house, the fucking continued with another 6 guys turning up. The later it got the more guys showed up until about 11pm when they started leaving to get ready for work or see their families.

"Hey don't worry about it." Lou said to Emma. "This happens all the time. Guys have got homes to go to. Families. Work. Wait til this Thursday, Friday and Saturday!"

Emma was rubbing her clit. "Yeah but I need cock!" She said looking at Lou then at me. "I'm getting used to this. How many so far?"

"Greedy girl!" Lou laughed. "You've done just over 80 today. That's more than most girls do in their entire lives!"

"Yeah." Emma replied. "I'm not most girls. I did 122 yesterday. That's 40 cocks I didn't get today!!"

"I can ask Aaron back for you sweetie if you want?" Lou suggested.

Emma clapped her hands. "Oh yes please! Will he be able to get away from his girlfriend or is he married?"

Lou laughed. "No hes not married. He fucking so many women, he wouldn't have the time to be married. He gets asked to gangbangs all the time. He did say he loves fucking your young cunt though."

Emma's eyes opened wide. "Oh really?" Emma said with a broad smile. "What else does he say about me?" 

Lou laughed again. "Oh lots." Lou said with a wink. "Mainly dirty stuff." 

Emma walked up to Lou and grabbed his arm and shook it. "So what kind of dirty stuff?" Emma asked licking Lou's mouth and rubbing his cock.

Lou had a big smile on his face and rubbed Emma's clit. "Oh that you're the biggest cum dump hes ever fucked. He loves how you cant get enough cock. That you swallow and take it up the arse, all while you look so cute an innocent."

"Fuck. That's made me horny." Emma sighed. "Can someone fuck me please? So I'm the biggest cum dump hes ever fucked? That's awesome." Emma then bent over and Lou shoved his cock in Emma's wet, dripping cunt.

I shoved my cock in Emma's mouth and the remaining 9 guys wanked themselves hard as I blew into her mouth. 

Emma was as horny as fuck and after Lou came and pulled out, Emma reminded him to call Aaron.

"Ask him if he wants to stay over. That way he can fuck me in the morning." Emma told Lou. "That's OK isn't it hun?" Emma asked me.

I didn't really respond to her as once everyone leaves and first thing in the morning are the only times I get to be alone with Emma. Then again, watching that huge cock slide in and out of Emma's swollen cunt is damn hot.

Lou came over to me and said he wanted a quiet word.

"Hey its great Emma wants to keep fucking." Lou said frowning. "But having elephant cock fucking her all night might make her sore for tomorrow. I've got a few new guys showing up. Words out about your slut and were getting a lot of outside interest." 

"Yeah well having him here all night isn't ideal for me either. Happy for him to show up early tomorrow morning and fuck her." I replied.

Lou stroked his chin. "OK.OK. Hows this?" He suggested. "He shows up now. Fucks her for a couple of hours then says hes got another slut to fuck? That way shes got the night to recover rather than getting stretched tomorrow first thing hey?"

We both agreed. Lou went out back and made the call explaining the plans to Aaron. Meanwhile Emma was getting a pounding in the lounge room and the guys started leaving.

It was quarter to midnight when Aaron turned up. There was only two guys left and they were getting their cocks sucked clean as Aaron walked in. 

Emma stopped sucking cock and ran up, hugged Aaron then pulled down his fly and started sucking his cock.

Aaron was already hard.

"Hmmmm." Emma moaned. "You've been a naughty boy. I can taste pussy juice on you." 

Aaron held Emma's head with both hands and slid his cock into her mouth as she gagged. "Yeah I thought you would appreciate the taste of old pussy." Aaron laughed.

Emma pushed back and then laid down on the lounge. "Fuck me now." Emma demanded.

The two guys who were getting ready to leave earlier stood by to watch. Aaron slowly slid his cock into Emma's gaping, dripping cunt. Aaron signed deeply. "Oh fuck. That. Is. So. Nice." 

"As nice as the old cunt you just fucked?" Emma asked. "How old was she?"

"Mmmm. I like this crutch-less thing you're wearing." Aaron said looking down and watching his cock slide in and out of Emma's cunt. "And your cunt is way better than the old stretched one I fucked. And shes 68." Aaron replied.

"What? I sucked the juices of a 68 year old whore off your cock?" Emma asked in shock.

"Yeah babe." Aaron replied smiling. "How did she taste?" 

"Actually OK. Surprisingly." Emma replied. "Ahhhhh. Just fuck me deeper." 

One of the guys getting ready to leave took off his pants and slid over and sat on Emma's mouth. She started licking his arse. The other guy then got undressed as well, as did Lou.

Aaron pulled out and invited one of the guys to fuck Emma for a while. Emma said "Awww" in disappointment. Aaron went to Emma' s face to get his cock sucked.

"How many today gorgeous?" Aaron asked Emma.

"Under 100." Emma said pulling Aaron's cock out of her mouth and dropping her bottom lip. "How many did you fuck?"

"Six, actually seven." Aaron replied. " But I came in all of them so yeah. A good day."

"That' s pretty hot." Emma replied. "And now you get to cum in me hey?" 

"Best for last!" Aaron replied playfully slapping Emma' s face. He looked at the guy fucking Emma. "You ready to cum yet coz I am?" 

The last two guys both came then left. Lou did the same. Aaron laid on his back and invited Emma to ride him.

"Reckon we could DP the whore with my cock in there?" Aaron asked me.

"Think we should give it a try." I replied.

Emma slid up and down, riding Aaron like a Pogo stick and sliding his cock deeper into her cunt. She then stopped and held her arse open for me.

"Fuck my arse babe." She begged. "Fuck my whore arse while my cunts getting abused." 

Aaron grabbed Emma's face and kissed her deeply. " You filthy, trashy, cum dump whore." Aaron said.

Emma's hands slipped off her arse as I was about to slide in. I held her arse open and tried to guide my cock in. It was too tight with Aaron's cock in there. Emma stopped kissing Aaron and groaned.

"Oh fuck!" She called out to Aaron. "That's it. Keep pushing it in."

"Hey slide out a sec so can get in there!" I said to Aaron. "Then you can go back in."

Aaron lifted Emma by her hips and his massive cock slid out. "Suck it clean slut!" Aaron ordered.

Emma went to work licking all of Aaron's cock and balls that were covered in cum and Emma's juices. I went around the back and slid my cock in Emma's arse. It was getting nicely stretched.

Aaron asked me to stop so he could get under Emma again. Before he slid his cock in, I slid mine into Emma's arse. After some work, both Aaron and I were double fucking Emma. She was moaning the house down. In the end she asked us to stop.

Emma got up panting and went to the toilet. Aaron and I went to the kitchen.

"Might take me a while to cum again." Aaron said to me. "Done a few loads and I'm full of Cialis. You know Viagra."

"Yeah. Yeah. I know what it is." I replied. "So that's why you're hard all the time?"

"Yep." Aaron replied. "I'm fucking different sluts every night. Get invited to gangbangs all the time coz of my cock. The old whores pay me even!" He bragged.

Just then Emma walked into the kitchen. "What were you talking about guys? Something about fucking whores?"

Aaron laughed nervously. "Um yeah just saying." He replied smiling. "I get to fuck a few hey."

"That would be because you have a huge cock!" Emma laughed looking down at Aaron's hard cock and then grabbing it. "I think that's hot."

"What?' Aaron asked. "Its hot I have a huge cock or because I fuck lots of whores?" 

Emma dropped to her knees. "Both!" She said as she licked his knob. "I like the idea you're fucking and stretching lots of whores." Emma looked up and smiled at Aaron as she was licking his knob.

Aaron picked Emma up and slid her onto his cock then walked her over to the lounge. He then fucked her so hard she was screaming. He then blew his load into her stretched cunt and collapsed on top of her.

After a while, Aaron stood up and got Emma to suck his cock clean. She then turned around and bent over on the lounge. I could see her swollen cunt as I slid my cock into her arse. She was panting like a dog. I pounded the fuck out of her arse and came deep inside. Emma groaned and squirted.

Afterwards Aaron said he had to go as it was getting late. Emma was disappointed.

"Awww" Emma replied. "I was hoping you could fuck me in the morning? Like first thing?"

Aaron gave me a quick look then shook his head as after kissing Emma. "No sorry love." He replied. "Got work then a few sluts to fuck tomorrow."

"Are you coming back tomorrow to fuck me?" Emma asked with a sweet smile. "I can suck your dick clean again?" 

Aaron's eyes lit up and he shoved his fingers into Emma's cunt and vigorously fingered her until she squirted.

"Mmmm that's really, really hot babe." Aaron replied kissing the top of Emma's head as he was fingering her. "I might get a few different cunt juices tomorrow for you to taste. How does that sound?"

Emma nodded then rested her head on Aaron's chest after she squirted. "Would you like that? And as long as you fuck me afterwards."

"Fuck yeah! I would love that!" Aaron said looking at me. "What do you think? We should ask the guys tomorrow to fuck their wives and girlfriends before the get here then this slut can suck their cocks clean." 

"Sounds like a plan. What do you think babe? You like that?" I asked the exhausted Emma.

Emma laughed. "Yeah why not! Get them to line up and I'll suck them before I fuck them." Emma replied with a cheeky grin.

I text Lou with the instructions. Sure enough most guys that turned up the next day had pussy juice on their cocks. Emma didn't mind at all and seemed to get turned on by it. She even commented that a couple of guys had done anal, but it still didn't put her off.

As the week progressed each day had more guys showing up. We even had a couple of bi-chicks show up on Saturday to watch the show and lick Emma's clit, which she loved as well.

Also, every evening Aaron showed up to fuck Emma and to tell her how many sluts he had fucked that day. Emma enjoyed him telling her that he fucked a lot of chicks but always wanted her for desert.

As we got to lunchtime on Sunday, Emma was feeling a bit sad knowing the gangbang session was coming to an end but mainly that she wouldn't see Aaron until the next Sydney visit.

Lou tallied up the numbers and he let Emma and I know that more guys showed up than originally booked, but they had all paid their money.

Emma was excited to know that she had fucked 1,043 guys over the nine days. What an awesome effort!

"You know Lou." Emma said to Lou after he told her how many guys she had fucked. "It became easier, in fact I just got used to fucking so many guys every day. It was just sexy fun. I am already missing it." Emma said laughing.

Lou laughed too then asked Emma. "Hey I bet your dad would be loving it too hey?" 

"Yeah actually." Emma replied. "He said hes proud of me and cant wait to catch up and in his words 'fuck my puffy muffy." Haha!" 

"Well." Lou said hugging Emma. "If you're up for it baby, we have already started to book guys for two weeks time at the Gold Coast. Whatcha think?" 

"Oh fuck yeah!" Emma replied. "I cant wait! I'll get some training up at the glory hole as well if you wanna fuck me there Lou? You can be for free!" Emma said with a wink. " How many for the Gold Coast?" 

"Oh at least the same number as here. Probably be a few more as the word is out about sexy Emma." Lou replied.

"Sexy or slutty Emma?" Emma asked laughing.

Lou laughed and replied. " Yeah OK its slutty Emma or cum dump Emma. Whatever you prefer." 

"Hey I don't give a fuck. They can call me whatever they want. Cum dump. Whore. Slut. Whatever. Its just a name." Emma replied shrugging her shoulders. "And they're paying me so. Yeah. Whatever." 

"And talking about that." Lou replied pulling two thick envelopes out of his jacket and handing them to Emma. "There's $14,000 in there for you love. A couple of grand extra because you did such an awesome job plus I made more than I thought. Enjoy!" 

Emma was beside herself. Jumping up and down and hugging Lou and me and kissing me all over my face.

"Bring on Queensland!" Emma shouted with her hands in the air.

"Oh on that." I said shaking my head. "There's no way I can get the time off. Lou can you?" 

"Say no more!" Lou said holding his hand up to stop me talking. "My businesses run themselves so yeah, I can look after the little lady. Be my pleasure." 

"And one more thing." Lou said holding both hands in the air. "Do you guys have passports?" 

With a confused look I nodded at Lou. Emma shook her head, looking intently at Lou to see where he was going with the question.

"Well you better get one sexy girl because in two months were off to a huge orgy in California." Lou said rubbing his hands together. "Goes for a couple of full weeks. Lots of guys and quite a few hot sluts. I put you name down and sent them a few pics and videos I took. They're impressed, especially coz you're an Aussie and you're so young!"

Emma just stood there stunned. She then rushed over and hugged Lou. "Oh fuck yeah! Yes please! Yes! Yes! Yes!" She shouted. Emma then held her hands out and spun around. "Lots of Yankee cocks for me! Yay!" 

"Oh and one more thing." Lou said. "With the Queensland thing. How does your cunt and arse feel after the nine days?" Lou asked Emma.

Emma had a massive smile on her face. "I always want more cock Lou. You should know that." She replied.

"Well." Lou asked pensively. "Think you could do 16 days? Like start on the weekend then..."

Emma put her hand on Lou's mouth. "Yes easy 16 days." Emma replied. "I'm a bit puffy but like it doesn't hurt or anything. Guys used lube plus I was always filled with cum. Fuck I'm feeling horny again!" Emma called out. "Fuck me before you guys go?"

After Lou and Aaron fucked Emma and left, Emma and I walked upstairs. Emma was walking like a cowboy but buzzing with excitement.

"This is amazing!" Emma screamed. "I'm going to America! I'm gonna be fucked so much in Queensland as well. God! 16 days!! Oh babe, you wont be there. Coming to California hun? Hey! I can pay for you hehe." Emma suggested hugging me.

"Not sure babe." I replied with my head down. "Just being here for the week has put me behind at work." 

"Awww don't be sad hun." Emma said holding my hand. "Lou will look after me and you know I'll be fucking heaps. Hey, you should hook up with a few sluts while I'm away? Just not Jordan. Don't wanna suck you after you've fucked that whore. Do Eve?" 

I nodded. Interesting that she didn't want me to fuck Jordan I thought.