 After a long afternoon nap with the girls, I awoke to realise I had promised to meet a friend for a bite. I excused myself quickly, dressed, and drove to meet my mate, reflecting on my amazing afternoon with the sexy teens. 

I ate hastily and distractedly, continuously thinking about the girls, and what they might have gotten up to after I had left. Dinner was quick, but enjoyable, and I was able to leave at a reasonable time. On my way home, I checked my emails. I had one from my boss, Carmen.

'I'm bored silly at this business conference, so I thought I'd say a quick hello and see what you're up to. Emma is not answering her phone, and I thought perhaps you had something to do with it. Are the two of you doing naughty things? I will be back tomorrow afternoon, so if you don't want me to find you corrupting my house guest you have fair warning... although I would rather like to catch you in the act. ;) Carmen'

I smiled as I read the email. I arrived home and replied to her on my phone with the message:

'Hey Carmen, I was indeed at yours earlier. Had some fun with Emma and her friends Holly and Aysha (have you ment them? Wow. Very sexy and dirty!). I think I might head back there and try to convince their friend Amy to join in the fun. I'll try to send pics :) Have fun at the conference, and I hope you think of me when you pleasure yourself tonight.'

Next, I sent a text to Emma:

'Just heading back to yours. You girls up for another round?' 

I received a reply a minute later. 

'Hey hun, out shopping with Hol & Aysh. B home l8r. Hope u will b there when we get back. xxx' 

I settled back in my seat and pulled out of my driveway.

*****************************************

Amy read Emma's text as she walked down the street towards her friend's house. 

'Sry about earlier. Out shopping with Hols and Aysh, but will b home soon. Meet us there n we'll tell u the deets.'

She felt a pang of disappointment that they weren't still at Emma's place, doing naughty things with that guy. She reflected on the events of earlier that same day.

She had become overwhelmed when Emma's man-friend had rubbed his penis on her feet. She was still a virgin, and she was afraid about how much a penis that big would hurt her if he tried to put it inside her. She had fled inside the house, and reached the front door, but she couldn't bring herself to leave. She needed to know what they would do with him. With his gigantic manhood. 

She had run upstairs to Emma's room and peeped out the window--a perfect view of the proceedings below. 

She had watched them give each other oral sex. 

She had watched each girl in turn get penetrated by his member. 

She had heard their cries when he pushed his penis into their bottoms. 

She had watched their faces contort with pain and pleasure. 

She had seen his seed erupt onto them. 

And it made her excited. It made her very excited. 

As Aysha and Holly had squirted their orgasmic juices, Amy had caressed her small breasts, feeling her nipples harden under her bikini top. As the girls took turns sucking his rod, she had slid her finger under her panty bottoms and through her short red pubic bush to her prickly lips. As he stacked the girls on top of one another and penetrated their bottoms, she had pushed her top up, pinched her nipple and rubbed her hard clit furiously. And as he came, so did she, with her finger deep within her mound, her juices soaking her bikini bottoms. 

After her orgasm, embarrassed, she had cleaned her wet fingers and thighs in the bathroom, taken a long tshirt from Emma's room, and had left the house before anyone discovered her. She lived down the street, so it did not take her long to get home. 

She had been thinking about what she had seen all day. She had masturbated twice more in her room, with images of his spurting member, his thick semen shooting over the girls' naked breasts. She had moaned aloud remembering her kiss with him; the taste of Aysha's musk on their tongues. She had lain on her bed, remembering the sensation of his manhood between her feet, and his hands on her thighs. She could think of nothing else. She needed to know more. She needed to know everything that had happened since she left. It was driving her mad.

So Amy found herself returning to the scene. She was nervous and excited. She wished the girls did not take long to show up. She found the key hidden under the mat where it always was, and let herself in. She took no note of the car parked in the driveway.

Amy announced her presence in the house, and walked to the sliding doors at the back. No response came, and she saw no one in the pool area. Convinced she was alone, Amy's thoughts wandered again to what might have happened here after she left. She decided to investigate; to look for any evidence of sexual activity. Nothing turned up in the downstairs rooms, so she moved upstairs. After having no luck in Emma's room or the spare room, she entered Carmen's room. 

The bed was undisturbed. Amy sat on it and sighed. She had hoped to find something. Discarded clothing, messed sheets, semen stains, sex toys... anything. She decided to explore more thoroughly. She had never been in Carmen's room before. She opened her bedside table cabinet and was instantly pleased to find an array of vibrators and dildos. There were even some strap-on dildos, double-headed dildos, and vibrators with anal stimulators attached. She inspected them with her hands, smelling them. Becoming excited, she even tenderly licked one particularly large vibrator. 

She had seen Carmen staring at her many times when she visited Emma, and Emma told her that she thought she might be a lesbian. This turned Amy on--though she could not explain why--and she imagined Carmen stoking this very vibrator in and out of her vagina while thinking about Amy's slender teenage body. She returned it to the cabinet, closing it carefully, and proceeded to the closet, where she found a shelf of DVDs. Most were normal films and television shows, but near the back she found a stack of pornographic DVDs. They ranged from "Anal Whores 5", to "Lesbian Slut Gangbang", to "Monster Cocks 8". Amy could feel her vaginal juices begin to lubricate her labia, as she decided that the only way to assuage her desire was to watch a dirty film and use one of the many toys that Carmen had. 

She reached for "Monster Cocks 8" curious to see how they would compare to the man's enormous penis, when she spotted an unmarked DVD case on the shelf above. She took it down and opened it, finding a blank DVD. She took it, and "Monster Cocks 8", and brought them downstairs to the living room. 

Making a quick check of the driveway, she popped in the blank DVD and turned on the television. On the screen was a bathroom. Carmen's bathroom upstairs, to be specific. It was empty, but after a moment Emma entered. She was wearing a tight white top and jeans. She took no notice of the camera, implying that it was hidden. She began to strip her clothes off, freeing her massive bra-busting bosom. She let her bra fall to the floor, and dropped her panties. After quickly checking her body in the mirror, Emma entered the shower and began soaping up. Amy felt guilty watching this private video, but couldn't stop herself. 

She admired Emma's bountiful chest, and was envious. She cupped her own breasts briefly, wishing there was more flesh to squeeze, as she watched Emma rub her breasts with a sudsy sponge. Looking around, Amy decided it was safe to doff her short shorts. She was still wearing Emma's long tshirt with her bikini underneath. She picked up the small vibrator she had taken from Carmen's sex drawer and turned it on. Its soft hum reverberated through her fingers as she teased her nipples through the material with the tip. She was getting wet. 

Amy held the vibrator against her mound and enjoyed the waves of pleasure as the toy buzzed against her lips through the bikini material. She reached a hand under her shirt and pinched a nipple, watching as Emma soaped her lady parts. Soon, Amy began to softly moan. She pushed the bikini bottoms to the side and pushed the vibe against her clit. Meanwhile, in the video Emma had begun to rub her own privates, lingering at the top of her slit. Her fingers worked expertly at her clitoris as she closed her eyes and hugged her free arm across her busty chest. Amy licked her lips as the toy, now dripping with her juices, brought her closer to orgasm. 

She nearly jumped out of her skin when she heard the male voice speak from behind her.

************************

Arriving at Emma's house, I retrieved the key from its hiding spot and let myself it, locking the door behind me. It was early evening, and the light was starting to fade. I decided to have a soak in the hot tub while I waited for the girls to arrive. 

Stripping naked, I proceeded to the hot tub at the side of the back porch, turned it on, and slipped in. The warm water was very relaxing, and soon I closed my eyes and went into a semi-doze.

I emerged some time later (how much I didn't know, but it was nearly dark out), and wrapped a towel around my waist. I walked to the sliding doors and was about to enter when I noticed a flickering light coming from the sunken living room to the left of the doors. I paused, then quietly slid the door open and walked in, careful not to announce my arrival. I was hoping to surprise the girls, if I could. In turn, it was me who got a surprise. 

Peering over the railing into the living room, I saw on the huge tv an image of Emma, masturbating in the shower in what appeared to be a covertly filmed home video. I instantly suspected Carmen, knowing of her fondness for home made porn and buxom women, but when I looked to the couch I saw none other than Amy. She had a hand up her shirt, and the other between her legs. She was softly moaning and grinding her hips into an object in her hand. I heard a very faint buzzing sound, and realised she had a vibrator. I watched her for a minute or two, feeling my groin stir. I knew telling her I was here would surprise her--maybe even scare her off--but I decided to risk it, since now was my opportunity to get close to her alone.

"She's much hotter in person, don't you agree?" I said.

Amy screamed and jumped violently. Her hands flew around her, searching for the remote control, which she accidentally knocked onto the floor, out of reach. She stuffed the vibrator between the leather couch cushions and pulled her shirt down towards her knees. She looked up at me, then, recognising me, looked down at her feet, embarrassed and ashamed. In the video, Emma made soft, high-pitched moans as she rubbed her pussy and squeezed her tits, rubbing the soap across them.

"I'm sorry. I didn't want to scare you, but it was too hard to resist. Besides, I felt a bit like a peeping tom." 

I walked down into the living room and sat beside Amy. Reaching between the cushions, I extracted the vibrator, which was still buzzing away. Amy did not make eye contact.

"Emma's or Carmen's? I don't imagine you brought one of these over." 

Amy continued to ignore me, her red hair obscuring her face. I turned the vibrator off and set it aside.

"I'm sorry, Amy. But there's really no need to be embarrassed. I'm starting to get excited watching this too. She is one hot girl." 

Amy looked at the screen, then back down at her feet. Emma was now inserting her fingers into her pussy.

"But you know, big tits aren't everything. I mean, they're a lot of fun, but I think you are just as sexy." 

Amy risked a glance at me. It was fairly dark in the room, the only light coming from the tv. Her eyes looked deeply into mine, to see if I was being honest. Slowly, she looked back down and fidgeted with her hands on her lap, her legs tightly closed.

"You have an amazing body. You're toned, you have an amazing ass. Flat stomach, smooth skin..." I touched her arm gently. "And I know those breasts are perfectly shaped. I could see them in your bikini, with your hard nipples poking through." 

I brushed her hair back over her ear. She looked at me again.

"S-so you think I'm sexy?" she said softly.

"You are amazingly sexy, Amy. I really wanted to have fun with you before. I wish you hadn't left. You are so hot, and I know we'd have fun together. I mean, look what you're doing to me," I said, as I gestured to the large rod shape in the towel in my groin region.

Amy looked down and turned towards me slightly.

"Hey, the girls won't be home for a bit. Maybe we can do some stuff together now. Alone," I suggested. 

Amy looked at me nervously.

"Um, maybe. But I... I haven't... done it... before. And you're... you're huge!" she blurted.

"We don't have to do it if you don't want. We can just play with each other. Whatever you're comfortable with." I touched her bare leg. "I know you're curious, Amy. I saw it in your eyes this afternoon. Why don't you have another look?"

I leaned back, allowing Amy access to my towel. She looked down, then slowly extended her hand and took the edge of the towel, pulling it towards her and unveiling my semi-erect cock. I heard her breathe in deeply. Looking at the tv, I saw Emma finger fucking herself in earnest, her head thrown back, her hair lying in strings across her shoulders and the tops of her wet tits. She moaned loudly. 

Amy looked at the screen, and breathed heavily.

"Go ahead and touch it, Amy," I said, putting my arm up on the couch behind her. 

I could see her nipples poking through her tshirt. She looked at me, then down to my growing cock. Her hand reached out tentatively, as if my dick might stirke out at her like a snake. She hesitated, then finally thrust her hand forward, gripping my cock at the base. She levered it upwards and watched it sag slightly. She squeezed it, and watched as it stiffened, then released it back to its semi-flaccid state.

"Why don't you make it grow bigger?" I said encouragingly. "And this doesn't have to be so serious," I added. "Smile a little, sweetie. Have some fun with it." 

Amy looked at me again and smiled sheepishly.

"I'm sorry, I've just never touched one so big. And I'm kina new at this. I mean, I've, like, jerked some guys off, but I've never sucked one or anything."

"I'll help you along, Amy. Don't be shy." 

Amy smiled wider and began pumping my shaft. She inched closer to me and put her other hand on my thigh. As she storked me, I grew harder. On the tv, Emma was cumming, her body becoming rigid, her tits jiggling as her finger worked her pussy.

"Where did you find this, anyway?" I asked.

"It was in Carmen's closet. She's got tons of dirty videos in there. And a lot of toys in her bedside table." 

Amy seemed to be loosening up as she have me a handjob. I was growing harder by the second. I picked up the vibrator.

"This must be hers." 

I put it in my mouth and savoured the pussy flavour. Amy looked shocked and embarrassed. I took it out of my mouth.

"Mmm, you taste good baby," I said. "Here, why don't you hold this against my balls."

I turned on the vib and handed it to her. She took it and probed my sack with it. My cock twitched.

"Whoa! I could feel you get harder. You're getting so big!" 

Amy stroked me faster and pushed the toy against my balls. The feeling was amazing.

"Here, stroke my cock higher, near the head. Yeah, like that. Mmmm." 

Amy looked like she was enjoying herself.

"Can I put my mouth on it?" she asked.

"Amy, you don't even need to ask," I chuckled.

She scurried down and crouched between my legs. She cradled my now rock-hard cock and licked it from my balls to my head. She sucked the shaft and tongued my balls gently. She looked up into my eyes for approval.

"Oh yeah Amy, you're doing well."

"I'm going to try to put it in my mouth." 

Maintaining eye contact, Amy kissed the tip of my dick and began to slide her lips down over the head. She was careful not to use her teeth, and she managed to put the whole head into her hot mouth.

"Mmmmm yeah, baby. Keep stroking my shaft while you suck me," I said. 

Amy obeyed, pumping her hand, still holding the vibrator to my nut sack. She began to bob her head on my cock, and I felt her tongue squirm against my glans. I moaned. Amy pulled my cock out.

"Am I doing it right?"

"You're doing perfect, hun."

"I... didn't leave before, you know. I watched you. Through the window. I saw everything," said Amy, with a touch of embarrassment.

"Oh really? And did you like what you saw?"

"Um... yeah. I... I touched myself watching you." 

Amy continued pumping my shaft as we talked.

"What part did you like most?" I asked.

"I don't know. I liked all of it. But... how... how did they take all of you? I mean, in their mouths, and in their... you know..."

"In their pussies? In their assholes?"

"Um, yeah."

I laughed. "Well, it took some work and some lubrication, but they took it. They loved it too. I really think you could take it too, if you wanted to try. First though, why don't I make you feel good." 

Amy looked at me nervously. I took her face in my hands and brought it up to mine. I kissed her deeply, sucking on her tongue. I slid my hands down her back and took the edge of her tshirt, sliding it up over her body. She resisted at first, but eventually put her hands above her and let the shirt come free. Amy hugged her nearly naked body. Her breasts were pushed together, creating shallow cleavage. I noticed that ther skin was covered in gooseflesh, and her nipples poked noticably through her bikini top. I put my arms around her and pulled her up beside me on the couch. I deftly untied her bikini strings and pulled the material free. It dropped over her crossed arms, exposing small but protuberant pink nipples. She shyly pulled the top free and covered her breasts with her hands.

"Amy, please let me see you. Your breasts are perfect, there's no need to hide them," I said soothingly.

"But they're not big like Emma or Holly's. They're not even as big as Aysha's."

"It doesn't matter. They're beautiful. Can I..." 

I gently took her arms and pulled them away from her chest. I looked at her soft swells of tit, peaked by hard nipples. I bent down and kissed her neck, then her chest, finally kissing and licking the flesh around her areolas. I pulled at a nipple with my lips and heard a gasp from Amy. I sucked it into my mouth and ran my tongue quickly around it. I felt a hand on the back of my head grip my hair. I caressed her waist, feeling her ribs, and, lower, the dimples at the top of her perfect ass. 

I pushed her back into the couch and kneeled in front of her. I quickly pulled her bikini bottoms down over her ass before she could react, and soon they were on the floor. Amy breathed quickly as I looked up at her, her hair slightly tousled, her face and chest red. I could see my saliva on her perky right tit. Looking down over her toned stomach, I reached out and touched it, running my fingers down to her short red pubes. I pushed her legs apart and slid her ass towards my mouth.

"Just relax, Amy. I think you'll enjoy this," I said as I kissed her milky thighs. 

I made my way up to her prickly labia, and kissed them liberally. I could smell her musk, and I could see her moisture beginning to flow. With my hand, I spread her lips to expose the wet pink flesh inside. Amy squirmed.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"I... I'm embarrassed. No one's ever... seen me like this." 

Maintaining eye contact, I stuck out my tongue and pressed it hard against her slit, then slowly licked upwards. Amy twitched and gasped, her shoulders raised, her lips parted. I flicked her clit with the end of my tongue, then licked her whole pussy again, hard. I could feel her short pubes prickle my tongue as I coated her labia in my saliva. I put my lips over her clit and sucked it. A short, sharp cry erupted from Amy's mouth. I sucked harder.
