 I stood alone in Carmen's kitchen on a sunny Saturday--stark naked.

Emma, Holly, Aysha, and Amy's mothers had all been told about my sexual escapades with their young daughters, which had occurred at Carmen's house the previous weekend. Carmen had brought me over to ask me to explain how the video of our orgy--which was partially filmed by a Camera Carmen had set up in her bathroom to secretly film Gina's daughter--had gotten into their mothers' hands. The women came over and confronted me, but chose a rather pleasurable punishment: to have me do their beckoning for the day as their sexual plaything. I was even asked to address them only as Ms. or Mrs. and their surnames.

The ladies had already made me blow my load twice--once by having me masturbate on Carmen's coffee table in front of them, and the second time by giving me head, allowing me to cum on their faces and tits. Carmen had just left me to join her friends outside, and I watched her sexy bottom sway as she walked towards the pool. I was excited about what the rest of the day would bring. I fetched myself a cold beer from the fridge and followed Carmen outside.

After using the outdoor shower to clean their bodies, the women had decided to take a dip in the pool. Carmen set the ice bucket of champagne down on the patio table and approached the pool, wading in using the wide stairs at the corner. I walked up and sat on the edge, my feet in the cool water. Sadira, Helen, and Michelle were all standing in the shallow end, chattering excitedly. Gina was exiting the deep end of the pool via the ladder on the far side. She stepped onto the deck, water cascading off her tall, curvy body. She turned and wrung her hair out, her enormous, big-nippled breasts lifting and wobbling as she walked to the diving board.

"Oh look, our boy-toy is back," she said, smiling as she walked out onto the board.

She bounced on it, watching me ogle her tits as they rose and fell with her jumping. Content with how enraptured I was by her bouncing bosoms, she dove into the water, surfacing near the other ladies.

"I hope you're resting up for the next round, honey," said Sadira, cupping her breasts suggestively. "You got us all so horny... sucking your cock... blowing your big load all over our faces..." she giggled.

"Have you got it in you to fuck five sexually ravenous women?" added Helen, approaching me.

She crossed her arms under her bulging tits and eyed me questioningly. I glanced at Carmen hopefully, and she held my gaze, but gave no indication that she would be participating in the orgy. I frowned, then turned my attention back to Helen.

"Well, I can promise you I'll try my best," I replied.

"I think you'll have to do more than 'try', darling. We're all dying to get that big, hard, cock inside us, and you're not leaving until every one of us is satisfied," said Michelle, having shed her decorum like she had shed her clothing.

"I'm up for the challenge, ladies," I said, smiling. "Who's first?"

"Now now, sweetie, let's not get ahead of ourselves. We decide what happens next," Carmen broke in. "Why don't you join us in the water."

Carmen dipped under the water, her head reemerging as she paused, her arms busy under the waves. After a moment she stood, her gorgeous breasts emerging from the water like beach balls. She reached out of the water and flung something at me. I reacted quickly, snatching the flying white object from the air. It was her panties. I playfully wrapped them around my flaccid cock as the ladies laughed, then set them aside, drinking from my beer. I set the bottle on the deck and slipped into the water, approaching the semi-circle of women. I stood in front of them, waiting for instruction.

"Come in close, girls," said Gina, quickly stepping to my left side and putting her arm around my waist.

Michelle did the same on my right side, and Helen, Carmen, and Sadira completed the circle.

"No touching, Mr. Not yet," barked Michelle, as my hand wandered down to her firm buttock.

I replaced it at her waist and looked around me. Five beautiful pairs of breasts stared back at me... all of different shapes an sizes. Michelle's; modest, pale, perky, with small, dark, hard nipples; Helen's, huge, plump, bulging, areolas matching her skin; Carmen's, large, slightly hanging, pale brown nipples and areolas; Sadira's, big, fake, round, sitting high, with fairly large areolas; Gina's, massive, pointing slightly to the sides, large pink nipples, a slight hang to them, like Carmen's. They were all so lovely, so mouth-wateringly curvy, so voluptuous, so soft and feminine, so erotic, so inviting. We were all locked in a tight circle, and each woman's breasts pushed against her neighbour's, causing them to bulge, and creating succulent cleavage between each pair. I felt my balls tingle under the water and my manhood began to grow. 

"I bet you just don't know what to do with yourself, surrounded by all these sexy pairs of tits. Have you even seen this many tits at once in real life outside a strip joint?" taunted Helen.

I chuckled. "Actually, no, I haven't. But I've come close."

Helen scoffed. "Ha! Sure. And when might that have been, hmmm?"

I looked up at her, not sure if she was being serious. I noticed the other ladies were also looking at her. Gina rolled her eyes.

"Uuuh, well, when I was with... your daughters," I said, awkwardly.

Helen's mocking smile fell and her brow creased. "Oh. Right. Yes. That."

Carmen laughed aloud and I smirked, trying not to laugh along with her.

"Oh sure, laugh! It's not your daughter he fucked!" barked Michelle, still upset at the thought.

"Come on, Michelle, we're past that, aren't we? I mean, you didn't do anything... bad... did you?" said Sadira, looking at me apprehensively.

"No, of course not! Look, as I explained to Mrs. Ryan in the kitchen, I acted like a perfect gentleman; it was your daughters who initiated everything. And I would never make anyone do something against their will or if it made them uncomfortable. Please trust me. I'm really not a bad guy. I'm sorry I slept with Emma, and Aysha, and Holly, and Amy," I said, naming their respective daughters, "but you know, I'm glad it happened. We had a lot of fun, and it was in a safe, comfortable place with their friends. Yes, I know I took Amy's virginity, but many many young girls have a much more unpleasant experience their first time. At least she got to share it with her friends, who were no doubt looking out for her. I know you may not want to bring it up, but feel free to ask the girls about it. I have nothing to hide and I can guarantee they'll tell you they had a good time too."

I looked around at the naked women in front of me, all reflecting the traits I liked so much in their daughters. Emma inherited her mother Gina's enormous bust, which was still young and perky. Holly had a cute, round face and plump tits like Helen, not to mention her sexually playful and adventurous nature. Aysha had her mother Sadira's beautiful flowing raven-black hair and succulent, firm, round buttocks. And Amy had Michelle's pretty green eyes, flaming red hair, and smooth, soft, creamy skin. 

My rant had made them silent, reflective. They were considering my words and my sincerity. Michelle, who had already heard a version of this speech, looked at me with almost an understanding compassion--with an underlying tinge of jealousy. Carmen eyed the other women carefully, assessing how they might react. Sadira narrowed her eyes, but said nothing. Helen pressed her lips together.

Gina spoke. "I believe you. I know my daughter well enough, and if she didn't want to do something, she wouldn't. Frankly, I don't blame her. I mean we've all sucked that beautiful cock and tasted his cum. You can't blame our daughters for wanting to do the same."

Helen shrugged. "She's right. I know I can't say no to it."

"So... you treated them right, you say. Did they... treat you right?" asked Sadi.

I smiled. "Oh, they most certainly did."

Helen giggled. "We saw some of the oral sex on the video, and I'm guessing you gave them all a good deep dick fucking. How did you like dipping your cock in our daughters' tight, young pussies?"

Michelle shifted uncomfortably beside me.

"It was divine, Mrs. Miller . They were all so enthusiastic and adventurous. They may be young, but they sure know how to pleasure a man. They positively wore me out."

"I'll bet they did. It would take some serious stamina to pleasure four sex-hungry teenage girls," Gina said.

"It wasn't just their pussies you fucked though, was it? Go ahead darling, tell these ladies the other place you inserted your penis into their innocent girls," Michelle chimed in, using a heavily sarcastic tone on the word 'innocent'.

Helen and Sadi gasped.

"What? I don't think so," laughed Gina, dismissing Michelle's claim. "I doubt Emma's ever even tried anal, let alone with that horse cock."

"I know, right? I mean, the thought of him forcing that big, beautiful cock into Aysha's poor bottom..." agreed Sadira, laughing nervously and speaking in a high-pitched, shaky, nearly hysterical voice.

Helen simply bit her lip and shifted her weight, staring into the water in front of me as my dick became harder.

"Actually Mrs. Kashani, as I recall, your daughter was particularly enthusiastic about it," I informed her.

Sadira blushed and opened her mouth in surprise. "Well, I... that's... my goodness!" she finally exclaimed, seeing more excited then appalled at the thought.

"You filthy bastard," Helen said, grinning cheekily.

"You had anal sex with all of our daughters?" said Gina, colouring with either anger or envy.

"Well, not all. Amy wanted to, probably because her friends were so keen on it, but I wouldn't. Having sex for the first time was enough. I wanted to leave her with something to look forward to," I replied, looking at Michelle.

"That enormous penis had better not go near Amy's bottom or--" she barked.

"--It's ok Mrs. Ryan. I wouldn't do anything that might hurt her. But in the spirit of full disclosure, she really wanted it. I think she saw how much the other girls enjoyed it.... even Emma, Mrs. Thompson. Even though it was her first time, she really took it well." I waited nervously for their response, my dick becoming rock hard under the water.

"Fucking prick," snapped Gina, snarling.

Carmen was smirking at her friends, enjoying their discomfort. "Ladies, ladies... let's all calm down. We've all enjoyed a good hard dick up our asses at one time or another, I'm sure."

A couple of the women murmured and reluctantly nodded in assent. Michelle flushed bright red and looked down into the water.

"Wait, have you not...?" I started to say.

"And you, my dear, are getting a bit too bold. You are here at our behest, and we can just as easily send you away with not so much as a whiff of pussy, if we like," Carmen scolded me.

"My apologies, Ms. Beaumont," I said politely. "I don't mean to be rude, or to offend anyone, I just want to be honest and open with you all. You have very beautiful, vibrant, and adventurous daughters, and I can see where they get that from. Sincerely, I feel very lucky and pleased to have been with them, and to be here will each of you."

"Yes, we can definitely see that," said Helen, noticing my cock head bob at the surface of the water, having reached its full size.

We all looked down at my throbbing erection and shared a laugh. I watched five pairs of lovely breasts jiggle with their owners' mirth.

"Well, now that that's out in the open I think we can all turn our thoughts to other matters: like what we're going to do with this marvelous specimen in our midst," said Sadira.

"Yeah. I don't know about the rest of you, but my pussy is tingling from all this sexual talk," added Helen, still staring at my bobbing erection.

Carmen nodded. "Come, ladies. Let's have a seat on the edge of the pool. I think our slave needs to get us warmed up."

Our circle broke apart as the women made their way to the pool's edge in the shallow end. Michelle lingered, her arm still around my waist, her fingers drifting over my buttocks and hip. She looked back at me as she walked away, a sultry, burning desire in her eyes. I followed her to the poolside, and just before she was about to hop up, I put my hands around her waist and lifted her, spinning her around and plopping her arse on the poolside as she cried out in surprise. Her firm titties bounced as she landed.

She immediately spread her legs wide and reached forward to pull my head toward her pink pussy, forcing it roughly down against her womanhood. My nose pressed hard into the strip of red pubic hair as I felt the warmth of her pussy against my lips.

"Yes, boy, taste it. Taste that sweet pussy. Mmmmm..." she growled, releasing her pent up sexual energy.

She rocked my face back and forth across her cunt and I felt her warm juices coat my lips. I stuck my tongue out forcefully, pushing it between her labia as deep as I could into her pussy.

"Oooooh! Ok... yes, that's quite nice. Stick that tongue in there. Stick it in nice and deep, darling. Taste me on your tongue," she said, speaking almost as a casual observer rather than a participant.

My tongue writhed inside her warm, soft folds, delving as deep as I could into her snatch. She was leaking profusely now, my cheeks becoming wet with her moisture, my nostrils breathing in her musky tang. She held the back of my head firmly, not allowing me to pause for breath. I tongued her mercilessly, matching her aggression with vigorous oral fervor.

When my breath had nearly run out, I felt Michelle's legs tremble. She gripped my hair and pulled my head back, looking down at me with burning green eyes, her wet hair falling over her face, breathing hard. Her firm, fit stomach was sucked in, and her cute breasts rose and fell with her heavy breathing. her nipples were protruding obviously from her tight areolas. I could see the bottom row of her even white teeth behind her full, sensual lips. Her pretty pussy glistened in front of me, soaked in her juices and my saliva. I licked my lips.

"Well... you... seem to know what you're doing down there. I'm glad I don't have to teach you how to orally pleasure a woman."

"Yes, you're getting very wet--"

Before I could finish my sentence, Michelle slapped me across the face with her free hand--not hard, but enough to stun me into shocked silence. I stared at her with my mouth open.

"Don't talk, slave. I would rather you use your mouth for the task at hand."

She spread her pussy lips wide apart with her fingers, exposing her deep pink cunt and her velvety fuck hole. She pushed my head back down--more gently this time--and I resumed my oral feast. The other women were giggling loudly, no doubt surprised my their friend's aggressiveness. I was also surprised, but not unpleasantly, and I renewed my efforts, sucking her clit into my mouth and tonguing it rapidly.

"Mmmmmmaaaahhhh... yes, darling. Yes, you're a good pussy-licker. Ooooouuuuu... that's it..." Michelle moaned her approval as I looked up into her eyes.

She smiled and tilted her head back, giving in to my oral treat. Her free hand roamed up to her titty, where she tugged on her erect nipple.

"Well fancy that, Mrs. Ryan really does know how to let loose. Make him earn it, girl!" cheered Helen, who was sitting to Michelle's left, laughing as she played with herself.

Sadira was sitting next to Helen, leaning over to get a good view of me eating Michelle's cunt. She had her legs open as well, and I could see her arm moving between them. Michelle bit her lip and narrowed her eyes at me as I flicked her bean with the tip of my tongue. 

"Ok honey, my turn," said an impatient Helen, parting her knees and lifting them in anticipation of my oral sex.

Michelle released me gradually as I gave her clit one last suck before kissing her labia and moving across to Helen. She was already rubbing her clit vigorously with her fingers, her other hand planted behind her. Her huge tits wobbled as she masturbated in my face.

"Come on baby, get down there and eat my pussy," she said, removing her hand from her clit so she could guide my head to her mound.

I licked her slit from asshole to shorn mound, pushing my tongue hard against her clit. She tasted delicious, her juices abundant and tangy, her pussy lips smooth and soft.

"Ooooooh yeah, keep it there... keep your tongue on my clit," moaned Helen, pushing my tongue against her hard nub.

She began rocking her hips up and down, forcefully rubbing her clit against the surface of my tongue. She was doing most of the work, controlling the pace of my oral sex, humping my tongue. I reached up and pushed my finger into her wet pussy.

"Aaaahhhh fuck! Finger my hole, baby!" she cried, looking over her big tits into my eyes.

After a minute, my tongue began to get tired. Fortunately, Sadira was eager for her turn. 

She gripped Helen's arm and spoke as she watched me eat her friend out. "Don't wear him out, Helen, I want my turn."

Helen released me and I backed away, strings of spit and pussy juice sticking to my tongue. I licked my lips and savoured her juices, then licked my finger clean as she watched. Her fingers slid over her pussy again, parting the lips wide.

"That was fucking good, baby. You got me so wet and horny. God, look at my pussy drip..." she said, looking down at her leaking cunt.

"Me next. Get that tongue in me now," barked Sadi, clearly impatient.

"Yes, Mrs. Kashani," I said obediently, and kissed my way up her inner thigh until I reached her snatch.

"I want to watch you tongue-fuck me," she said, spreading her labia to reveal a large, swollen clitoris, and a glistening fuck hole.

Her middle finger toyed with her clit as she used her feet to push my head down. I stuck out my tongue as far as it would go, and, maintaining contact with Sadira's dark, alluring eyes. slowly inserted it into her hot opening. When my lips touched hers, I slowly withdrew it, coated in her womanly lubrication, then repeated my actions.

"Mmmmmm... oh you look so sexy putting that tongue in me, honey. Yeah, get it in there, nice and deep."

She seemed to prefer a slow, steady rhythm as she watched me over her round tits, continuing her digital stimulation of her fat clitoris. She smiled at me as she used one foot on the back of my head to set the pace.

"Ooohhh, he's good, ladies... he's really good..." she moaned, her legs trembling slightly as my pace increased.

After a minute, she released me, still holding her pussy open wide and masturbating her clit.

She sighed. "I suppose I should share. Gina, he's yours."

Gina smiled widely and pulled me toward her using her legs. She leaned forward and swung her titties against my face, burying it in her cleavage, before leaning back and pushing my head down to her pussy. I immediately sucked one of her plump pussy lips into my mouth and put two fingers into her cunt.

"Yeeeeah! Get that pussy you dirty boy!" she cried, squeezing one of her mammoth tits until the flesh bulged between her fingers.

When I moved my mouth to her hard clit, she lifted her breast, bringing the nipple up to her mouth, where she suckled it eagerly as I ate her out. I curled my fingers inside her to stimulate her g-spot, stroking it rapidly as my tongue flicked rapidly across the hood of her clitoris.

"Oooooh shit, yeah! Fuck me, that's good... mmmmmmm..." she moaned loudly, still cupping her giant breast and pinching the nipple between her forefinger and thumb.

I lifted my face away from her cunt and withdrew my fingers, sucking on them, tasting her juices. She let go of her boob, letting it fall and bounce against her other tit, then reached down and slapped her clit rapidly with her fingers.
