 I walked outside onto Carmen's back patio, squinting as the late afternoon sun fell on my face. I put my hand up to shade my eyes as I watched Sadira and Helen walk in front of me, stepping somewhat gingerly. This was because I had just had anal sex with them moments before in the kitchen, and I imagined their curvy bottoms were a little sore from the experience.

I saw Carmen first. She was sitting on her lounger facing us, her legs spread wide and hanging over the arm rests, rubbing a shiny silver vibrator against her clit. She wore her large, dark sunglasses, but it appeared that she was watching something on the ground in front of her. It turned out that 'something' was Gina and Michelle in a 69 position (Gina on top), dining enthusiastically on each others' wet pussies.

"Enjoying the show, Carmen?" asked Sadira.

"Of course I am. And I notice you two ladies are walking a little differently. I presume you had the same anal servicing that Gina did, hmm?" teased Carmen as she caressed her tit.

"Is it that obvious?" said Sadi, her face falling and her hand reaching back to stroke her bottom.

"He gave it to us good and hard. And he blew his load in Sadi's ass," offered Helen, smiling devilishly.

Sadira spun around to face Helen.

"And YOU took that load in your mouth as it dripped out of me!" she accused.

"That's right, baby... and then I shared it with you," finished Helen, clearly having the upper hand.

Sadira blushed in embarrassment and anger, but I touched her arm and said, "Mrs. Kashani, there's no need to be embarrassed. It was so sexy watching you two beautiful women share my cum and rub it all over each others' breasts. Now let's go have a dip in the pool and join Ms. Beaumont to watch some lesbian sex, ok?"

"I thought those shiny tits might have had some cum rubbed into them," chuckled Carmen, then looked back at Michelle and Gina. "Don't stop, ladies."

The women on the ground, momentarily distracted by the conversation, resumed their oral sex and Helen, Sadira and I walked to the pool and into the water.

We swam around and washed the sweat and cum from our bodies, chatting casually as we swam. Helen waded to the shallow end of the pool, her massive breasts emerging from the water like tandem submarines, as Sadi exited via the stairs. I pulled myself up at the edge and stood at the poolside, slicking my hair back then stretching my arms above me. My legs and abs were feeling fatigued from the afternoon's sexual activities, and my cock throbbed vaguely. I began to wonder how long I could continue pleasuring these women. After all, there was only one of me to go around.

Helen, having climbed out of the pool, approached me and touched my bottom, craning her head to look at my face. I had been lost in thought, my hands on my hips and my head hung, staring blankly at the concrete.

"Something wrong, baby?" she asked, sounding genuinely concerned.

"No, no of course not. I just feel a bit tired. You ladies are beginning to wear me out," I chuckled.

"Aw, sweetheart..." soothed Helen, taking my hand. "Let's get you into a chair so you can relax for a bit."

She led me back to the patio where Michelle was now lying down, pushing a dildo in and out of Gina's cunt as Gina reclined on her elbows. Carmen slowly stroked her vibrator along her wet slit, teasing her nipple.

Helen led me to a lounger nearby and I reclined comfortably, sitting up enough so I could watch the action. Helen took the lounger next to me, and Sadi the one next to Carmen. Gina was moaning softly as she watched the blue dildo slide into her womanhood, and Michelle stroked Gina's hard clit, occasionally dipping her head down to lick or kiss it.

I noticed Sadira checking her phone and heard her click her tongue.

"Ooooh... ladies, I'm afraid I have to leave. Aysha needs me to pick her up. That means you have to come too, Helen, if you'd like a ride."

"What? And miss the rest of the afternoon?" whinged Helen.

Sadira began gathering her things, and said distractedly, "You're free to stay, but I need to get going."

Helen pouted, but stood. "I suppose I should be getting home as well. You'll treat these ladies right, I hope."

"Of course I will. Thank you so much for your company this afternoon Mrs. Miller, Mrs. Kashani. It was a true pleasure," I said politely.

Sadira had got dressed and bent over to kiss me on the mouth.

"I'll see you again soon," she whispered in my ear.

Helen bent over me and trailed her breasts over my chest before kissing me, caressing my balls as she did so.

"Thank you, my young stud," she said, then gathered her clothes.

Helen and Sadira waved goodbye to the other women and disappeared into the house. I put my hands behind my head and looked at the remaining women. Carmen had lifted her sunglasses onto her head, and was no longer looking at her friends. She was looking at me with an unreadable expression. I stared back, my eyes roaming along her long, tanned legs to her pussy, where her hand was still at work stroking the vibrator into it.

She pulled the vibrator out slowly and trailed it up her tummy and between her breasts, leaving a thin, wet trail of pussy juice along her body. She held the tip at her lips and wrapped them around it, sucking her cheeks inward and narrowing her eyes. I felt my cock stir with excitement.

I heard a musical tone from the patio table, and Gina's head turned to the source.

"Michelle, be a darling and pass me my phone, will you?" she said.

Michelle sat up and retrieved Gina's phone, passing it to her, then dipping her head back down to Gina's wet slit, licking it enthusiastically.

Gina checked her text message and sighed. "Shit. Emma's on her way back too. Looks like our little party is over, honey."

Michelle sat up again and looked at me, frowning.

"But I didn't get a chance to fuck him again!" she whinged, putting her hands on her narrow waist and pouting.

"Sorry Michelle, but he's got to leave. We can't have Emma see his car here," said Carmen, looking at Michelle sympathetically. "You'd better get going, sweetheart," she added, gesturing to me with her vibrator.

I reluctantly gathered my clothes, got dressed, and waved to the sexy women, now searching for their scattered swimwear.

"Thank you for a wonderful day, ladies. I will remember it fondly. Carmen, I'll see you on Monday."

Michelle approached me. She had put on her bikini bottoms, but had not yet managed to find her top. Her perky tits wiggled as she walked quickly towards me. She stood in front of me for a moment, looking deep into my eyes, then put her hands on my face and kissed me hard and long, pressing the length of her body against mine. I held her close, pushing my stiffening cock against her groin and groping her perfect buttocks. When we broke apart, she was flushed and breathing hard.

"I... need to see you again," she whispered in my ear.

"But you said--"

"--forget what I said. Will you have me again?"

"Of course, Mrs. Ryan. You have only to tell me when."

She smiled and kissed me softly on the mouth, then trailed her fingers down my body. Her nipples were hard and protruding as she squeezed the growing bulge in my shorts.

"I'd better go. Thanks again," I said, then turned, hurrying to get to my car before Emma arrived home.

******************************

My phone buzzed on my coffee table at my flat indicating that I had received a text message. I leaned forward on my couch to see Emma's name on the screen. I smiled to myself as I picked up my phone.

Over the few weeks after our pool party fun at Carmen's house, Emma had been busily texting me. The content was initially tame: a 'how are you?', or a 'thinking about you', or something similar. But over time, our flirting had intensified, beginning with sexy and suggestive texts, to nude pictures. My phone was filled with pictures of her lips, stomach, bottom, breasts, and pussy, in various stages of undress, and I had also sent a number of saucy texts and photos in response.

Emma's text said "we like to cum-pair ;)", and had an image attached. It was a self shot of Emma and her busty friend Holly. They had pulled their shirts up to expose their large tits, and stood facing each other, pressing their enormous young breasts together as they looked cheekily at the camera, smiling naughtily. Their tits bulged wildly and their backs were arched. I immediately began typing a reply. "I think you need an independent judge. I am highly qualified". "Cum over then. We're at Holly's", she replied, and gave me Holly's address. I was out the door in less than a minute, eager to play with the two busty teenage girls.

I arrived in Holly's neighbourhood and parked my car a little ways down the street so it would not be noticed should her parents arrive home unexpectedly; for I assumed they were out if Holly was inviting me over. I found her house and approached the door, ringing the doorbell and looking around to see if any nosy neighbours were watching. I heard quick footsteps in the hallway and the door swung open to reveal Holly. She was wearing a very tight light blue t-shirt and jean shorts. Her nipples poked through the thin, stretched material and she was not wearing a bra. Her light brown hair was up in pigtails--a look she knew I liked.

She grabbed my arm and pulled me inside, peeking her head out the door and looking about before shutting it.

"Come inside! I don't want my neighbours to see you, they'll tell my parents," she said.

"You mean you haven't told them you've invited a friend over to have a threesome with you and Emma?" I said facetiously.

Holly just rolled her eyes and pulled me along down the hallway to the back of the house and into her bedroom, which was just opposite the laundry room which then led outside. Emma was reclined on Holly's queen size bed watching a computer monitor on Holly's dresser. She wore a tight gray t-shirt and a frilly pink skirt. From what I could tell, she was also bra-less. Emma was watching porn on the computer screen--at that moment, a busty young brunette was sucking enthusiastically on a large cock, while having her pussy licked by another skinny blonde girl with small tits.

"Now that's wholesome viewing," I quipped.

Emma looked at me, pressing her lips together and narrowing her eyes. "What took you so long?", she asked.

""So long?" I got here in record time!" I cried.

"Well it felt like a long time," said Holly, sitting on the end of her bed next to Emma.

"I'm sure you've been entertaining yourselves in the meantime," I said, gesturing to the screen.

"We wanted to wait for you, baby. I don't know about you, Em, but my pussy is soaked!" admitted Holly, putting her hand between her legs and squeezing them together.

"Show me," I said, crossing my arms.

Holly smiled and stood quickly, her round boobs jiggling under her top, and her pigtails bouncing over her shoulders. She unfastened the button on her jean shorts and slowly unzipped her fly. Then she hooked her thumbs under the waist of her shorts, stuck her chest out until it looked like her t-shirt would rip, and inched her shorts down bit by bit, shifting her weight back and forth on her legs as the material slipped over her curvy hips. Gradually, her shorts were forced down onto her thighs, and Holly bent at her waist, pulling them the rest of the way down to the floor. She stepped out of them daintily, her legs slightly overlapping at the knees, and stood straight with her hands behind her back, her shirt straining to contain her bulging bust. Predictably, she was not wearing panties, and her crotch was as bare as a baby's bottom. She smiled at me, her full cheeks glowing red.

She sat down on her bed again and leaned back on her hands, her nipples jutting out of her top more than ever. Painfully slowly, she parted her legs, eventually revealing her cute, plump, bare pussy lips. She spread her legs wider and wider, her knees parting, her legs then extending until her toes pointed at the walls on either side of us. Her cute pink slit opened to reveal a deep, glistening, velvety pink as she nearly completed the full splits.

I took a step forward and examined her body, beginning with her thick brown pig-tailed hair, her pretty hazel eyes, her full rosy cheeks, her sweet lips and even teeth, her buxom chest, down to her smooth, bare pussy, now dripping with arousal. My cock was stiffening in my shorts, but I made not effort to free it just then.

"Holly, you have a beautiful pussy. My mouth is watering just looking at how wet you are."

Emma raised herself behind Holly and looked over her shoulder at Holly's shorn, exposed mound.

"It's very cute, isn't it? But what about mine?" she said, then turned and knelt on the bed next to Holly, her arse facing me, her frilly pink skirt barely covering her lady parts.

She spread her legs a little bit and flipped up her skirt. She planted her face into Holly's bed and used both hands to spread her buttocks wide. She was not wearing panties either, and her fingers pulled her labia apart, revealing a soft pink pussy as wet--or wetter--than Holly's. Her asshole was small and puckered between her round ass cheeks, and looked tight and inviting.

I felt my member grow with another surge of blood, and it began to strain against my boxers and shorts, creating a noticeable bulge.

"I can tell you're enjoying looking at our cute pussies, aren't you, baby?" asked Holly, eyeing my crotch.

"I always do, girls. Now, which pussy should I lick first?" I mused.

"Fuck that. I want to suck your big cock until you're hard. I love feeling it fill my mouth... It makes me so hot," Holly said, still holding her legs spread wide.

"Yeah, we're going to give you head, then I want you to fuck us. We've been getting really horny watching dirty videos and we wanted to wait until you got here before doing anything. No need for foreplay, baby!" Emma chimed in, her head looking out from around her full, spread ass.

"That sounds wonderful, but first I'm going to taste each of you. I can't resist bald, wet, teenage pussy."

"Ok. Hurry up though," agreed Holly, clearly eager to have my penis in her mouth.

I knelt in front of Holly and, looking into her eyes, swiped my extended tongue from the shadow of her anus, firmly over her exposed pussy, and up over her clit. Holly shuddered visibly and squeezed one of her plump tits as she sighed.

"Mmmmm, you taste good, baby," I said, licking my lips.

"Ooouuu... maybe you could stay down there a little longer, if you want," replied Holly, the stimulation of my warm tongue on her young pussy having changed her mind.

"No no, you're going to suck my cock in a moment. Why don't you kneel on the floor and get ready for me."

Holly obeyed, sliding her body off the bed and kneeling next to me as she watched me kneel behind Emma. I stuck my tongue out again and pushed it into Emma's warm, soft folds, waving it around a little before licking up to her asshole, which I tickled with the tip of my tongue.

"Oooh!" she cried in surprise and pleasure, still holding her buttocks spread wide apart.

"Mmmmm... god I love the taste of you girls," I mused, standing. "Look at what you've done to me."

I gestured to the massive bulge in my shorts, my engorged cock straining painfully in my boxers. Holly's hands shot out to unfasten my shorts as Emma turned over and scrambled off the bed to kneel next to Holly. My shorts fell to the floor and I stepped out of them as Emma eagerly yanked the front of my boxers down. My dick sprang forward like a catapult and bobbed heavily in front of the teens' faces.

"Wow... no matter how many times I see it, I just can't get over how big you are," commented Emma, sliding my boxers the rest of the way down my legs.

"And I'm always in awe about how big yours are," I responded, looking down at the cute faces and stretched t-shirts. "Lift up your tops so I can have a nice look at your beautiful breasts, girls."

They did so without hesitation, pulling the material up until their tits bulged, then fell out from the confines of the stretched cotton, bouncing delightfully into view. Their nipples were erect with arousal.

I whistled my approval as I ogled their tits. They were such full, plump, curvy breasts, still with their youthful perkiness and elasticity. The girls cupped and fondled them for me, seeing my wonder and awe.

"Can you take your shirt off too? You have a really hot body. I want to look at it while I suck your cock," said Holly.

I obliged and tossed my shirt aside, then gazed down at the sexy girls. Holly was the first to take action, gripping my shaft firmly and licking the underside. Emma was not far behind, tickling my balls with her tongue as she looked up at me with her big, brown eyes. The girls kissed the length of my shaft, my hips, my thighs, my balls, and my cock head. I moaned in approval as Holly's hand began working my column. Finally, Holly opened her mouth wide and slid her lips over my dick head. She sucked it hard as Emma rolled one of my balls between her sweet lips.

It wasn't long before Holly began a steady rhythm of cock sucking, bobbing her head on my rock hard erection as Emma sucked at the base of my shaft and fondled my ass and nuts with her nimble fingers. After a minute, Emma pushed Holly's mouth away from my penis, and took it into her own, her tongue feeling wonderful as it caressed my frenulum. 

I stroked their hair and looked into the girls' lust-filled eyes as they administered the oral sex, complimenting them on their technique and exchanging affectionate smiles. The sound of smacking lips, wet sucking mouths, and moans of pleasure filled the room (including the porn film, in which the two female protagonists were now sucking the lone male's cock). I stroked their hair and cheeks as I watched them take turns bobbing on my dick, and enjoyed the way their breasts rested against one another, creating alluring cleavage below he bunched t-shirts and causing my balls to tingle with excitement.

"Oooohh... I am going to fuck you girls silly," I moaned, pushing a lock of hair away from Emma's face as she suckled the very tip of my cock, tasting my oozing pre-cum.

"You're going to WHAT?!"

The loud, angry voice came from my right, slightly behind me. My head snapped in the direction of the exclamation so quickly that I heard my neck crack. I stared wide-eyed at the figure of Helen Thompson, Holly's young mother, standing in her daughter's doorway with her hands on her hips.

Helen was wearing a loose, pale blue, draping, silky top which hung very low on her chest, flagrantly displaying her gargantuan breasts, squeezed together by an ill-fitting bra. A long string of pearls around her neck rolled on her cleavage, barely able to escape the chasm of soft flesh. Her skirt was black, short, and tight, and she wore blue heels which matched her top. 

She brought one of her hands up to hastily brush her blonde fringe out of her eyes, swiftly replacing it on her hip in annoyance.

"M-mum!" exclaimed Holly, leaning back to look past Emma at her mother. Her hand was still firmly gripping my shaft.

"Don't you 'mum' me! What on earth is going on here? Who is this man?!" she yelled.

I admired Helen's acting skills as she pretended not to have met me. 

"He's just a friend! He works with Mrs. Beaumont, the lady Emma's living with," Holly hastily explained.

"Looks like he's more than a friend to me! Emma, does your mother know about this?" asked Helen.

Emma looked up at me quickly, trying to decide if she should tell the truth.

"Yes, she does, Mrs. Thompson. He's... my boyfriend!" she blurted.

I looked down at her in surprise, but thought it was probably the best explanation. It was better than saying 'fuck buddy' in any case.

"Is that so? Then what are you doing sharing him with Holly, may I ask?" responded Helen.
