 It should come as no surprise, especially to myself, that I had wound up in this particular position. I do not, in this instance, refer to a physical pose; although various bodily orientations of a particular type were, without doubt, forthcoming. I refer to that specific intersection of time and space, and the circumstance in which is it surrounded. Whether by my own agency, or through myriad external forces: there I was. 

Not that I was complaining. 

I suppose it was inevitable. The next logical step in a long series of events. Naturally, I was excited, but I felt little else. Like a leaf on a swiftly flowing river, my path had been clear from the beginning, and I was simply following it to its intended destination. Likely not a final destination, I thought absently; just another stop along to the way. The way to where, though? Where would this end? How would this end? Maybe this path wasn't the only one after all; it was simply the most obvious. When I considered it, the multitude of potential outcomes began to appear like the veins of that floating leaf if it were plucked from the flowing water and held up to the sun. It was daunting.

"Ok honey, are you sitting down? Close your eyes!" I heard the sweet female voice call from the stairwell down the hall.

My attention was drawn back to the present, and I smiled to myself as I shifted on the living room couch, reclining slightly and closing my eyes.

"Alright, they're closed!" I called back.

I heard heeled footsteps descend the stairs and click along the hardwood floor of the hallway. I resisted the urge to open my eyes, my mind already swirling with images of what I might behold. From the adjoined open-plan kitchen I heard the refrigerator door open and the clink of a bottle, then a sharp hiss of air, then the clicking heels again, coming closer now. Finally, the footsteps were muffled by the living room rug, and an aroma of sweet perfume met my nostrils. I felt my skin tingle in excitement.

"Can I open them now?" I asked.

A pause, then, "Yes. Open them."

The vision that met my eyes was heavenly. Sadira Kashani stood directly in front of me, her feet together, body straight as a ruler, one arm behind her, the other held up like she was carrying a tray, a bottle of beer balanced on her upturned palm. Her outfit took my breath away. 

She wore a french maid's-outfit-style negligee. The cups of her black apron babydoll with white lace trim pushed her breasts up and together creating voluptuous cleavage. The apron was sheer black with stitched white lace designs, showing off her tiny black ruffled panties skirted by a minuscule fringe around the top. Her legs were clad in sheer black thigh high stockings and black high heels. Around her delicate neck was a black and white bow tie choker, and her outfit was topped off with a white maid's cap sitting among the locks of her tousled, thick black hair.

"I've brought you a beer, sir," she said in a high voice, bending at the waist and offering me the sweating bottle.

As she leaned over, her large breasts nearly spilled out of her snug bra. She smiled at me and her deep brown eyes sparkled within her mascara and eye shadow. I blinked, taking it all in, my cock already stirring in my pants.

"Well... thank you kindly," I finally managed to utter after clearing my throat.

I reached out and took the beer and Sadi straightened up again, folding her hands properly in front of her. I took a sip, my eyes not leaving her body. I sighed and smacked my lips, thanking the stars once again for my good fortune.

**********************

I wasn't sure if Helen or Michelle had spoken about my escapades with them to Sadi, but in the end I decided it didn't matter. Sadi had called me while I was at work the day before last, asking if I was free on Friday evening.

"I was planning on having some after work drinks with some friends, but if you have a better suggestion..." I hinted, leaning back in my office chair.

"My husband is away on business for the week, and Aysha is staying at a friend's place all weekend. Why don't you swing by my house after work? I'm sure your friends can have drinks without you."

"Yes, they'll manage," I chuckled. "I'd love to join you."

"Good. Seven o'clock. Don't keep me waiting. I'll leave the front door open so you can let yourself in," she replied, betraying some excitement in her voice.

"Will do. Say, what took you so long to... get in touch? I've been thinking about you ever since that day at Carmen's," I said.

"I was just waiting for the right moment. I've got a husband and daughter to consider. But now the stars have aligned and I want your big cock so bad I can taste it," she spoke huskily into the phone, then giggled.

"Ask and you shall receive. I'll see you Friday."

"Don't be late," she said sternly, then hung up.

I immediately began composing a text to my mates telling them I wouldn't be able to do drinks after all.

**************************

"Wow," I said, dumbfounded, "you look incredible, Sadi."

"Oh... it's improper to address the help by name, sir. Please call me 'maid'," she replied with a cheeky smile on her lips.

So it was roleplay she wanted. I grinned and took another sip of my beer.

"I see. And what activities might you have planned for this evening, maid?"

"Whatever master desires, of course. I am here to serve you, sir," said Sadi, blushing at her own submissive words.

"My very own sexy maid, hmm?" I nodded approvingly. "Let's make sure your uniform and presentation meet the standard requirements. Turn around for me, slowly."

Sadi nodded and put her arms at her sides, her fingers pointing out to the side and parallel to the floor like a ballerina, then slowly turned. I drank in the view of her caramel-coloured skin, the frills and lace of her lingerie, her dainty poise. When she turned her bottom toward me, she looked over her shoulder, tipping her ass up slightly. My heart pounded in my chest as I beheld her perfect, toned buttocks, the extremely short fringe at the waistband not nearly long enough to cover her ass. Her thong was tucked neatly between her ass cheeks, and her stocking-clad legs were in perfect proportion with her magnificent rear.

I pursed my lips and shifted on the couch, my cock swelling rapidly. I loosened my tie and sipped my beer again.

"Stop. Bend over. Show me that sweet ass, maid."

"Yes sir."

Still looking over her shoulder at me, she began to bend at the waist, lowering her torso agonisingly slowly as I marveled at her perfect ass. Her cheeks parted slightly, showing me more of the lacy fabric of her thong covering her asshole. She slid her hands down her legs until she gripped her ankles, still looking at me past her leg.

"Very nice," I murmured, now seeing her pussy lips barely concealed by the fabric of her panties.

"Stand up again. I want you to strut for me. Walk back and forth so I can see your posture. I won't have a slovenly maid in my presence," I commanded.

She stood straight again, then turned and began pacing along the carpet in front of me, her back straight as a rod, her big tits pushed out until I thought they would burst from her bra.

"Don't walk like you've got a cock in your ass. That will come later. Sway your hips. Be sexy, but refined," I said, guiding her with my voice.

She put one hand on her hip and strutted up and down the carpet, now swaying her hips erotically, but maintaining her poise, glancing at me for my approval.

"Is this better, sir?" she asked.

"Much better," I replied, sipping my beer and adjusting the crotch of my trousers, which were beginning to feel uncomfortable.

Sadira noticed this and paused for a moment in front of me.

"Oh... are you uncomfortable? Is there anything I can do to help?" she asked innocently.

"I'm suddenly feeling tight in my trousers, actually. Why don't you feel for yourself?" I offered, looking down at the growing rod-shaped bulge in my pants.

I spread my knees apart and Sadi stood between them, bending down and reaching out to gently caress my bulge.

"Oh my, sir..." she said in mock surprise, and giggled. "I didn't cause you this discomfort, did I?"

"You most certainly did, maid. Now turn around. I want you to rub your beautiful ass on it," I ordered. 

She swiftly obeyed, turning around and lowering her magnificent buttocks to my crotch, placing her hands on the tops of my thighs for support. She rested her ass against my throbbing cock, pushing down on it firmly.

"It's very hard, sir. I can feel it pushing between my ass cheeks," she said in a breathy voice. 

"Mmmm, now rub it. Stroke it with your ass," I said, reaching down to lift the short frills of her panties up so I could have a better view of her ass.

"But sir... you're my employer. And I'm a married woman. It's not proper..." she protested, looking coyly over her shoulder at me.

"Don't lecture me on what's proper. It's because I'm your employer that you'll obey me. Marital status is irrelevant. Now do as I ask: rub your ass on my cock," I reproached her sternly.

"Yes sir!" she squeaked, then tipped her ass up, sliding it along my shaft and back again, her buttocks caressing my length through my trousers.

I moaned and sipped my beer again, then set it on the side table so I could reach down and caress her sexy ass as she rubbed it against me. I could hear her breathing become heavier as she rubbed me, and her hands tightened their grip on my thighs.

"You like how that feels, maid?" 

"Um... I... y-yes sir," she stammered.

"Hmmm... let's see..." I hummed, gripping her ass and pushing it off my groin.

I held her left buttock and slid my fingers between her legs, stroking them against her mound. Her panties were already soaked through.

"God, you're a dirty maid. You've already soaked your panties. You're my little slut, aren't you?"

"Y-yes sir," she said softly after a pause.

I held her hips and spun her around so she was facing me. She looked down at me, her cheeks bright red.

"Yes what?" I said, sliding my fingertips against her wet panties.

"Yes I'm your little slut maid," she replied sheepishly.

I chuckled, satisfied, and watched her bite her lower lip as I rubbed her pussy, her eyes darting between mine, and the long bulge in my trousers. I stood up in front of her, still rubbing her pussy, and put my other hand behind her head, pulling her to me and kissing her passionately, gripping a fistful of her hair at the back. I felt her hands clamp onto my upper arms as I pushed my tongue between her lips. Her body begin to relax as we made out, her hands sliding down to my belt, unfastening it deftly and unbuttoning my trousers. They fell to the floor and her hands began stroking my cock through my boxers. My cock head popped out over my waistband, and Sadi gasped as her fingers grazed the tip.

"Oh!" she exclaimed, looking down at my exposed dick head. 

"Wow... I almost forgot how big you are..." she said, breaking character and smiling excitedly.

I pulled her hair and made her look me in the eyes.

"Get on your knees, maid," I ordered, pointing at the floor between my feet.

"Yes, sir," she squeaked, and immediately dropped to her knees on the soft carpet.

She stared at my groin and licked her lips, then placed her hands on my thighs and looked up at me with her big brown eyes.

"What would you like me to do now, sir?"

She looked beautiful kneeling at my feet, her eyes wide, her cheeks rosy, her lips slightly parted, the large swells of her breasts heaving below her face, her fingernails pushing lightly against the skin of my thighs. I could read the arousal in her expression, and had no doubt that it mirrored my own.

"I would like you to suck my cock like a good slut maid," I growled, then pushed her face against my hard shaft.

She gasped, but didn't pull back, instead looking up at me and rubbing her cheek against the fabric of my boxers. It didn't take long before I felt her fingers caressing my balls, and she began to kiss my shaft, her lips moving up toward my exposed cock head. Finally reaching it, she extended her tongue and began tickling my frenulum. I groaned involuntarily as I felt my balls tighten and my shaft throb. A large, clear bead of pre-cum formed at my tip, and Sadi giggled as she looked at it.

"Oh! Is that for me, sir?" she asked, placing her fingertips against her bulging bosom.

Without waiting for my reply, she ran her fingers up my shaft, then hooked them around the waistband of my boxers. Slowly, she slid the fabric down, exposing more and more of my thick, veined shaft, my cock tipping out toward her as she pulled my boxers halfway down my thighs.

Her eyes widened and she blinked in amazement as she watched my member bob in front of her face. After a moment she lifted her hand to cup my heavy balls, and slid the fingers of her other hand up the underside of my shaft, tipping it up again then holding it between her index and thumb. She looked up at me again as she leaned in and extended her tongue, slowly licking from my balls all the way up my shaft.

When she reached the head, she curled her full lips into an 'o' and placed the very tip of my dick between them, sucking her cheeks in and suckling me. She hummed and closed her eyes briefly as she sucked my pre-cum off my cock. When she was finished, she licked me again and giggled.

"You taste very good, sir," she cooed, her cheeks blushing again.

"I'm glad you think so, maid. Because there's plenty more for you to taste before the night is over," I responded, stroking her cheek with the back of my fingers.

I felt her fingers wrap around the base of my shaft, unable to touch around my thick girth, as she began to stroke me, watching my reaction as she rolled my balls in her palm. She playfully swirled her tongue around my head as she pumped my shaft.

"I'm not in the mood to be teased, maid. Put my cock in your mouth. Do it now," I commanded.

Sadira nodded quickly, and slid her lips over my cock head again, taking it into her mouth and giving short, rapid bobs of her head as she soaked my knob with her saliva.

"That's it, honey. Now take it deeper..." I murmured, guiding her head further onto my column with my hand.

She opened her mouth wider to accommodate me and took a few more inches between her lips. She bobbed her head again, matching the slow strokes of her hand. I began rocking my hips, pushing a little more into her mouth. Her brow creased and she closed her eyes as my cock hit the back of her throat. I pulled her hair back, tipping her head up.

"Don't close your eyes. Keep watching me."

She blinked rapidly and managed to nod, despite my cock bumping the back of her throat. She bobbed her head again, stroking the base of my shaft, then squeezed it and forced her head onto me, her eyes tearing up as her throat convulsed on my dick. She managed to push another inch of my cock into her mouth, then pulled back and gasped, spit dribbling off her chin and dripping onto her tits.

"God, sir... your cock is so big. But I want to please you," said Sadi, stroking her spit along my column and gently squeezing my balls.

"Would you like to fuck my throat, sir?" she asked, a naughty twinkle in her eye.

Unlike some of her friends, Sadi had never deep-throated me before. It seemed she was keen to try.

"Yes, my dear. I want you to deep throat my cock."

"Make me do it then, sir. I'm yours to command."

She opened her mouth and put her lips over my cock head, placing her hands on my thighs. I ran my fingers through her thick, black hair and held it at the back as I pushed her head down on my length. She opened her mouth wide, her tongue sliding on the underside of my shaft as she took inch after inch of me into her eager mouth. She maintained eye contact with me the whole time, blinking and creasing her brow when I hit the back of her throat, but keeping her composure.

I felt her nails dig into my thighs as I pushed my cock in deeper, feeling it slide down her throat. Finally, the last of my shaft vanished between her lips and her nose touched my abdomen. I held her there, feeling her throat tighten on me as she began to gag. Her hot mouth felt wonderful, and I even felt her tongue slide out a little to prod my balls.

"Ooohhh fuck yeah... good girl," I moaned, holding her for a moment before pulling her head back.

She gasped again and gave a little cough, blinking tears from her eyes, but she looked up at me proudly.

"Did I do well, sir?" she asked.

"I'm very impressed," I admitted truthfully.

She giggled, then kissed the tip of my cock.

"Fuck my mouth, sir," she said, clearly eager for more.

I was happy to oblige. She opened her mouth and I pulled her down onto my cock, pushing my hips forward quickly this time, driving my cock balls-deep into her throat, then pulling out again. I fucked her throat with long thrusts. She began to gag, emitting loud, gurgling "nnguh-nnguh-nnnguh" sounds as my spit-soaked rod slid in and out of her hot mouth. Saliva dripped off my shaft and her chin as her hands reached back to cup my ass while she deep-throated me with energetic enthusiasm, never taking her eyes off mine.

"Aaaagh yes! That feels so good, baby," I praised her as she gobbled my cock.

I pulled my dick out of her mouth and rubbed it on her face as she gasped and stuck her tongue out, lapping at my shaft as I smeared her makeup and smacked my cock off her cheeks and forehead.

"I didn't think you'd be able to take it that deep," I mused as she tickled the underside of my head with the tip of her tongue.

"I'll do whatever I can to please you, sir," she giggled.

Sadi stroked the thick ropes of her saliva along my turgid rod and kissed down to my balls, where she began to suck first one, then the other into her warm mouth, tonguing them playfully and slurping my heavy nuts as she jerked me off with firm, quick strokes. The pleasure was like a hot ember deep in my loins, and my skin tingled as I watched her suck my balls. After a few minutes, my urge to bury my thick cock in her throat returned with renewed fervor.

"Maid, lie down on the coffee table with your head hanging over the edge," I said.

She released my left nut from her lips with a loud 'pop' and crawled to the coffee table, making sure I had a clear view of her perfectly shaped ass. She wiggled it for me, then reclined on the oak table, draping her head over the edge and running her hands up and down her body.

"Like this, sir?"

"Just like that," I murmured as I approached her, standing at her head and facing her feet.

I crouched down and dipped my balls into her mouth, then drew back and placed my cock head between her lips. She opened her mouth and reached around to grip my ass firmly, forcing my cock down her throat without me having to ask until my balls rested firmly against her nose. I could see the outline of my member expand her throat, even causing her bowtie choker to move, and began thrusting into her mouth as she gagged and slurped on my throbbing length.

"Mmmm, you learn quick, maid. I like that in my hired help," I said approvingly, fucking her throat as she kneaded my ass cheeks.

I slid my hands over her chest and pulled the cups of her bra down to expose her perfect, surgically-enhanced tits, capped by lovely large-ish brown nipples. I squeezed them, feeling her erect nubs on my palms. They were not too large or disproportionate, but were certainly more than a handful, and I mentally thanked her surgeon for what a lovely job he or she had done.

Sadi moaned and her legs opened as I felt up her tits, spreading the spit that had dripped onto them over her chest and tugging her nipples as I pushed my cock in and out of her throat. Her hips began to respond, pushing up and down rhythmically, clearly eager for stimulation. I admired her maid's outfit, the sheer apron subtly revealing her flat stomach, her lacy black and white panties, the black stockings with white garters.
