 FMMM, gangbang, oral, anal

Emma was a recent graduate from UCSD. She was intelligent and attractive, very attractive. While in school she had seriously dated two men, not at the same time. They both were great relationships and she enjoyed being with both of them. They each had proposed to her but she turned them both down. She worked hard to get her education, even though she would have liked to be a party girl. Finally she graduated. She found her first job. It was not something that used what her degree in but it would let her stay in San Diego. She felt that as time passed she would get a better job in her field.

Emma started looking for her first apartment. She was shocked at how much they cost if you wanted to be close to the beach. Then one day she spotted an ad that got her thinking. The ad was for a house on Point Loma that was 2800 square feet, only one block from the beach and with an ocean view over the top of other houses. The rent was far more than she could afford to pay but there was something in the ad that made her check it out. She called the owner. She had read the ad right. 2100 feet of the house was the 2 bedroom, 2 bath main quarters but 700 feet was a 'mother-in-law apartment' and the $2500 per month rent was for the whole thing. The owner did not want to be concerned about dealing with two tenants but he would allow the tenant to rent out the other part.

Emma went and looked at the place. It was beautiful. The main unit was spectacular and the small one bedroom apartment was almost as nice. Emma came up with a plan. She had saved up some money while going to school so she had enough for the deposit and first month's rent. She filled out an application. Two days later the owner told her that she was approved to rent the home.

It was mid-June and she arranged for the rent to start on August 1st. This gave her six weeks to make her plan work and it did. She found a family that wanted to rent the main house and they would pay $2500 which was her full rent amount. It was a couple in their 30's and their teen aged son. So she had a nice apartment close to the beach and night life for free. They signed a two year lease just like she had.

Her apartment was 700 square feet and had a separate entrance. It had a combo area kitchen, dining area and living room. The bedroom was nice and large, plenty of room for a king sized bed. The bathroom had a large walk in shower, plenty of room for multiple people to share it. The apartment was well separated from the main living areas to the main house. That was just what she wanted. Now her education was finished and she was planning to let loose and enjoy the single live for at least a couple of years.

August 1st arrived. She moved into the apartment and her tenants moved into the house. Even though their relationship was no longer what it had been, her last boyfriend helped her move and spent the first night in the apartment in her bed with her. Her post school life was off to a good start.

A few days later Emma heard that a submarine had returned to the sub base that morning after a long deployment. The men had been at sea for 180 days and most of that time they had not even seen the sky. Emma knew that there would be a lot of young sailors anxious to get off the sub and enjoy the on shore life that they had been missing for so long. Emma knew that shore leave would start that evening and that the guys would be horny as hell.

It was the Virginia class sub named the Texas (SSN-775) and it would be in port for two weeks. Subs were now allowed to have female crew but right now the Texas did not have any women on board. Even if it did, the rules about hooking up were so strict that it almost never happened. The captain often joked that the only woman on board was the one that he kept hidden in his quarters.

A little after 9pm Emma went to a bar that was about a block outside of the base gate. She dressed to look hot but not like a prostitute. She wore a short skirt and a lace top that was not quite see-thru. It did have a deep neckline. She was happy that she did not have to wear a bra. She liked the way her blouse clung around her body and showed the bumps that were her big hard nipples.

She was right; the bar was full of young sailors in their freshly pressed white uniforms. There were also several local women and girls siding up to the guys. She spotted three guys sitting at a table. The each had a beer in his hand but they did not have any female company. They all were attractive and looked to be probably around 19 or 20. There were a couple of bars close to the base that did not check the age of men in uniform. The bar owners were of the opinion that if you are old enough to fight for your country you are old enough to have a beer. The SPs took care of any small problems and the local cops stayed away unless there was serious trouble. 

Emma wanted to get with them but she didn't want to just walk up and say here I am and I'm looking to get gangbanged. "Hi Guys, are you just in on the Texas? I have a friend that I think is on that ship and I was hoping that I could find him. Do you know Stan Stevenson?" There was no Stan Stevenson that Emma knew of.

The guys looked at each other and laughed. One of them said, "Yes we are. First of all a sub is not called a ship. It is called a boat. We don't know your friend but since you can't find him, why don't you sit here with us and we will buy you a drink." He pulled the fourth chair out.

Emma sat. After being signaled, the bar tender brought over a beer for Emma and another round for the sailors. They made small talk for about ten minutes. When the guy on either side of her slid a hand up under her skirt and rubbed her thigh just below her crotch, she suggested they go to her place which was only a couple of blocks away. They pointed out that it was 9:30 and that they had to be back on base before 1am.

"That's not a problem guys, there's a lot that we can do before you have to report back." 

Emma stood and the three sailors also did so immediately after her. They left the bar following Emma like puppy's following their momma. They entered Emma's apartment and she went straight to the refrigerator and brought beers. Her favorite was Coors so that was what was in the fridge. Two of the young sailors sat on the couch and the other sat in the chair. Emma sat between the two on the couch.

As she pulled her lace blouse up over her head and off, she said, "We don't have a lot of time so let's get the fun started."

The two on the couch each leaned over and took a hard nipple in their mouths. They struggled to get their uniforms off without letting go of their titty treats. Emma reached down and squeezed their packages. The guys were hard a torpedoes. Emma thought that it was pretty clear that these guys had not been with a woman for six months and were ready to give her a lot of pleasure.

The third sailor stood up from the chair and quickly stripped nude. Emma smiled in approval at what she saw in front of her. He reached down and took hold of the sides of her skirt. Emma lifted her ass off of the couch and he pulled her skirt and thong off and threw it over into the chair. Then he dove head first between her wide spread legs and latched on to her freshly bathed, shaved and perfumed pussy. The other two stood and stripped off their pants and shorts. They were good to look at also, with their rock hard pricks pointing straight at her face. They kneeled on the couch next to her and she took one shaft in each hand, leaned over and kissed the tip of the first one and then did the same to the other.

The two men repositioned so that their cocks were right next to Emma's face. She knew what they wanted. They were both wet with and leaking pre-cum. First one and then the other went deep into her mouth. She sucked hard and you could see her cheeks pull in as she did. Her tongue slid along the underside of their shafts. All the men had male equipment that was a little bigger than average. That was just what she liked. She loved hearing them saying things like, "Oh yes baby, suck that cock. Take it all." While Emma was going back and forth, sliding her mouth up and down the length of the two fuck poles by her face, sailor number one had her labia spread and his tongue worked the length of her slit from clit to asshole. He worked his tongue into both holes as deep as he could, loosening them up and giving her body the sensations that she craved. She was getting all the attention that she wanted and her body responded. Her moans were starting to get really loud and her hips started humping up to the face between them.

"Guys, you can fuck me any way you want to. I'm on the pill so if you want to dump your loads in my cunt it's OK. I do like a nice load of cum in my other holes too or all over my face and tits if you want."

The first sailor took his face away from Emma's snatch, moved forward and slammed his cock full depth into Emma's cunt in one thrust. He had some condoms in his pocket but did not take one out. Emma was delighted to feel her insides getting filled. He was big enough to stretch her out just the way she liked it but not enough to be painful. Long full strokes into her insides only encouraged her to increase the attention to the two other cocks that she was pleasuring with her mouth.

A loud moan, a further swelling and an even harder thrust announced the first cum shot of the night as her pussy was filled with a load of hot man sauce. It caused Emma to climax at the same time. Without thinking she bit down and heard a loud protest from the sailor whose cock was in her mouth. The cock in her cunt was pulled out and thick white cum poured out behind it.

The guy she had just bit moved down onto the floor and told her to get on top and ride him. He held his flagpole so that it stood up straight. Emma put one leg over him and lowered her well lubricated snatch down onto him. She bounced up and down on it for a minute till he took her arms and pulled her down till her tits pressed against his chest. Then the other guy that she had been blowing got behind her. He spit on her ass crack and in his hand. He rubbed the spit in his hand over his prick and touched the head to her puckered little butthole. Emma relaxed as much as she could. It took an effort to get the thick head to pop in past her tight anal ring but then the rest of the cock easily followed. It had been a couple of years from the last time she had fucked more than one guy at a time. She had been paying too much attention getting good grades. She had fucked one of her professors to get a better grade.

It took a little time and a few tries but soon a good rhythm was established. One cock pushed in as the other withdrew and then they went the other way. They could feel themselves rubbing past each other with just the thin membrane between Emma's cunt and ass between them. The sensation for her was superb. In the meantime, the half hard cock that had already emptied into her was presented to her face. She eagerly opened her mouth and accepted it, tasting a mixture of his and her cum and feeling him quickly harden again in her mouth.

Three cocks in her at the same time was the ultimate sexual turn-on. Emma quickly started having a string of orgasms. She wanted to scream but could only moan with her mouth full of cock. It seemed that each come was stronger than the last as the three young sailors pumped her hard and fast. She was amazed when she felt all three cocks swelling at the same time. All three men were getting close. Emma anticipated three loads of cum filling her three holes and she came again.

The cock in her tight ass exploded first but before he even pulled out, the one slamming her pussy was pushed full depth and held in place as it throbbed repeatedly and filled her cunt with another much desired large load of cum. Emma now concentrated on the prick she was blowing. She wanted his cum to swallow. She sucked hard on the head, stroked the shaft, grabbed his balls and squeezed, maybe harder than she should have but it had the desired effect and she felt her mouth fill to over flowing. Emma quickly swallowed.

The three men all lay there on her king sized bed breathing hard. It had been a long and very enjoyable fuck session. Emma wanted more. She wasn't ready for it to end. She had more orgasms than she had in years, even counting the ones she had given herself. She played with the limp cocks surrounding her working to see which one she could get hard again till one of the men looked at the clock and saw that it was well after midnight. They would be in big trouble if they were not back on base before one.

They jumped up and started putting on their uniforms. Emma lay there rubbing her pussy with one hand and squeezing one breast with the other hand. As the men walked to her door she got up and gave each of them a kiss and a squeeze between the legs. One of the sailors said that they would get leave again in three days and asked for her phone number. Emma smiled and just said that she might see them again at the bar. The sailors left. Emma went back to her bed. There was a big wet area right in the middle but she was able to avoid it. She rubbed herself to one last orgasm and then slept till noon.