 I honestly expected to wake the next morning with Andy working his cock into me and I was a little disappointed when instead it was Mrs. Pyne who was gently shaking me awake. I was still naked, and the sheet did nothing to cover my small breasts or trimmed pubes. 

"Morning Emmy! I hope you've recovered from last night!" she said then held out a mug of coffee which I gratefully accepted.

"I... Sorry! Fuck, I'm so sorry!" I said after wetting my throat. The memory of fucking her husband in front of her and her son (my boyfriend) made me want to die of shame!

"Sorry? Please dear, if I had wanted him not to fuck you he wouldn't have." Her hand was trailing up and down my exposed hip, causing me to shiver. "Nick and Andy aren't aware of this, but their father and I have an...interesting marriage."

"Oh?" I said, suddenly curious and eager.

"Yes. You have to promise not to tell them about this," she said. Her eyes held my gaze in a steel vice and I nodded my head. "Well then," she exclaimed and flopped over on the bed next to me, "eat my pussy while I explain!"

I nearly dropped my mug in shock! "Uhh-," I started, but she interrupted me.

"I'm not accustomed to waiting, slut. I assume you fucked girls before, so get to work," she said, her voice hard and uncompromising. I felt a little bit if indignation at her assuming I'd been with other girls (I'd only halfway been with two!), but the way she ordered me around had me obeying quickly. I set my mug down and moved between her legs, lifting her dress to expose a totally shaved pussy. I wasn't moving quickly enough, because she grabbed my head and force it down into contact with her.

She was wet! I think she'd been looking forward to this, because she moaned loudly as I started to lick her.

"That's better! Now, let's see. As you know, Bill and I have been together quite a while! He and I started dating in high school and even before that we were best friends. To make a long story short, during college he convinced me to have a threesome and I found out the reason sex was so bad for me: I was a lesbian. I still wanted to have kids, still loved Bill, and Bill was never the type to be satisfied with one sexual partner for life, so we decided to still get married and have a marriage for everything but sex..."

She drifted off as I brought her to an orgasm, her pussy gushing and making my whole face wet. I kept licking and sucking her until she pushed me away. "Shit, I knew the minute I saw you in that bikini I had to have you!"

She pushed me over until I lay on my back and then sat on my face. Her pussy tasted okay, not as good as Lydia's, but eating her was turning me on, so I went back at it. Her fingers started making circles on my abdomen, dipping down to tug on my pubic hair or brush over my wet lips. She reached back and spread her cheeks, then angled her butt so my tongue was suddenly in contact with her butt hole!

I tried to get away, but when I stopped licking she slapped my pussy, hard! I writhed in pain and she spread her cheeks again. "Come now Emmy, be a good girl and lick my ass till I cum and I'll return the favor!"

When I still didn't resume my licking, she reached forward with both hands and pulled on my nipples, pulling them away from my chest and causing me to arch my back to try and relieve the pain.

"MmmMMMMM!" I moaned into her pussy.

"Spread my cheeks and lick my ass slut. I won't ask again," she ordered.

As if on autopilot, I reached up and pulled her butt open. If there was a smell I couldn't detect it over the overpowering odor of her wet pussy. She wiggled her hips slightly, and I took a breath before getting to work. I expected it to taste bad, but there wasn't any, and I soon found myself really getting into it. Mrs. Pyne was rubbing her clit with one hand and pulling (still quite hard) on my nipples with the other. The stimulation (both physical as well as from the general situation of licking my boyfriend's mother's ass) was getting to me, and in a fit of inspiration I slipped my tongue into her butt, causing her to buck on my face in orgasm. I kept licking as she relaxed, and then sighed in pleasure as she leaned forward to sixty-nine with me, presenting her eager pussy for my tongue.

I moaned, as she ate me. Shit! She was good! Like, incredibly good! I'd never felt anything like this before, and I decided right then that having a lesbian eat me was going to have to become a regular thing! She didn't rush, preferring to nibble on my labia and toy with my pubes, only occasionally brushing my clit. I wasn't so subtle, and over the next twenty minutes brought her to two orgasms before she finally relented and drove me over the edge, my legs locking around her head. 

She turned around and laid next to me, kissing me gently on the lips and darting her tongue in my mouth so I could taste myself. "Thanks Emmy. That was pretty spectacular!"

She started giggling and I joined her. We talked a bit, before I became concerned about where the men were. She explained that they were off on some fishing trip, and wouldn't be back until the evening. We showered together and I brought her off again, this time working a nipple with my mouth, her pussy with one hand, and her asshole with the other. By the time we were done it was early afternoon and I was starving, so we went to her place to grab some sandwiches.

I put on a short breezy dress that should flap enticingly in the wind and a pair of see-through string bikini panties. She had on her knee length dress that she was wearing when she woke me up. While we ate the conversation turned more serious.

"Emmy, I hope you know that just because I am using your little slut body doesn't mean I approve of you for my Nick," she said casually between bites. My body tensed up in panic. 

"I-I'm sorry?" I stuttered lamely.

"I know you have him wrapped around your finger now, convinced this is what he wants, but he'll open his eyes soon." She ate calmly, and from the tone of her voice we could be discussing an annoying dog that won't stop barking. "I can see you being his mistress long-term, but nothing more."

"It's not like that at all!" I protested. "He is the one who pushed for me to do all this! He likes it!"

"Hmmph! We'll see about that!" she said with finality, signaling an end to the conversation. I was suddenly nervous about spending more time with her alone, but she didn't mention anything else unpleasant and even said she had arranged for an appointment at the local spa for us!

I'd never been to a professional spa, and my body could definitely use some pampering after the last night and this morning. Most of our activities were together: a mani-pedi, facial, hair dresser that convinced me to go with a pixie cut (that everyone seemed to be adore and gush over), and a mud bath. We finished up with a massage. We were waiting in robes chit-chatting when a line of staff members entered and the girl leading us around for the day started to explain.

"So ladies, you have your choice of masseur and if you want there is the option to share a room, or you can get a private one. Once you're in the room you'll have a variety of options for oil, style, music, etc., so take a few minutes and let me know when you're ready," the pretty blonde haired woman said.

Standing behind her were a five staff members: two black men and a woman who were obviously from the island, and then a white man and woman. All of them were extremely sexy with visible muscles that I'm sure would be put to good use in working my sore body. I was about to select the cute white girl when Mrs. Pyne made her choice.

"I'll take the two women and a private room!" she said, a smile on her face. Before I could argue she got up and was being led away, leaving me with just the guys. It was probably just my imagination, but I felt a distinct sexual tension in the room, and when I glanced at the men they all seemed to have rather large bulges in their small white shorts. 

One of the men, the tallest black one, spoke to try and ease my nerves, "The many-hands package is a popular option. Really lets us hit all the muscles in a reasonable amount of time. There is no additional cost since Mrs. Pyne paid for the X-package."

"X-package...?" I asked. The name sounded a little racey.

"Oh yes, it's by far our best package. All inclusive spa package that can be customized to cater to any individual. If I may be so bold as to make a suggestion..?" he spoke with a slight accent and confidence of someone who had years of experience. I gave a slight nod. "I suggest the option that Mrs. Pyne went for: the many-hands. There are three of here who can service you, and we have no other clients today."

"I- I'm not sure... I would be more comfortable if there was another woman present," I said. I could feel their eyes undressing me and was nervous about letting three men touch my mostly naked body. 

"Of course!" He replied smoothly. "It will be another few minutes, but a female staff member should be available shortly. If you want you can wait here, but we can also move to the private room and begin the pre-massage therapy and get you something to drink."

The suggestion seemed reasonable, so I followed the three men, admiring their tight butts in the thin white shorts. We arrived in a comfortable looking room. A cushy chair sat in one corner, with an empty table next to it. The only other furniture was a massage table in the middle of the room and a cabinet against the wall, the top filled with towels and various oils. They directed me to the chair, then one of them pulled a tray out of the cabinet and set it next to me. I gave me drink order then settled back to see what was on the tray.

Oh shit! The tray was full of drugs! I recognized pot (several different kinds of joints) and small vials of what had to be cocaine, but there were a lot more. I laughed nervously, "You can't be serious?"

"Oh, feel free to use whatever you want! We are very serious here about providing whatever a client feels she needs." The tall black man was smiling down at me as the white one handed me my drink, which I quickly started sipping nervously. "We'll leave you alone for a few minutes, try whatever you'd like!"

The men left the room and I gazed at the various bottles and bags of drug. I glanced around, then chose one of the joints and a lighter. I knew from experience that smoking a little bit would really make this massage hit the right spots! I lit up, and was soon in a haze of pleasure. Without a clock, the only ways I had to measure time were my drink and the joint. With impeccable timing, the staff knocked and reentered the room just as I finished them off. I smiled at the sight of the three muscled men. They were accompanied by a tall, thin redhead who made my mouth drop. She had on the same small white shorts, but they clung tightly to her round ass and her top could barely contain her prodigious breasts. To top it off her face looked like it belonged on magazine covers. 

The men were all laughing and obviously flirting with her. I know it shouldn't have mattered, but in my impaired state I felt jealous. I wanted to be the center of attention! I waved over the tall black guy and he bent down so I could whisper into his ear. "I changed my mind about the woman. I don't want her here." 

He looked me in the eyes, then nodded and returned to the group. They conferred and the woman left, a knowing smile on her face. Soon I found myself on the table, face down, a small towel barely covering my round butt. The men didn't waste any time, and soon three pairs of hands were drizzling warm oils over my back and legs and kneading my sore muscles. I knew I was in trouble the minute the massage started. The minute their masculine hands touched me I felt my nipples harden and my pussy begin to tingle.

Shit! How the hell could I be horny after last night and this morning! I resolved to control myself and not let things get out of control. I felt like things were going well until the towel was slipped off me, revealing my round ass. I thought I heard one of the men suck his breath in, and I thought it was my imagination until I felt a pair of hands on each of my ass cheeks. They worked them hard, and I heard myself whimpering in desire. There were only two pairs of hands working me which started making me nervous, but soon I felt more oil being drizzled over my ass. I knew I must be a glistening pool of sex with the amount spread over me, but at this point I didn't care. I felt the two guys on either side pull my cheeks apart and I was sure they were looking right at my exposed butt hole! Looking wasn't all they had in mind, because soon I felt a large finger rubbing along the exposed orifice. I moaned and tried to wriggle away, but the two guys on either side each used one hand to hold me still. I panted as the finger started working in and out. With all the oil he had no problem adding a second and working them all the way in and out of me.

The fingers pulled out of me, and my hips wiggled in frustration. Suddenly something much larger was pushing against me. I tried to roll away from it, but the men were too strong. I groaned as what I was pretty sure was a hard cock slipped past my ring filling me. Whichever guy was behind me leaned down and I felt his weight against me. The other two let go and the cock started fucking my ass slowly. 

I grunted and pushed back against him harder. He quickly got the message and started laying into my ass. Neither of us lasted long and when I came, moaning loudly I felt his cock swelling and pumping me full of his seed. I collapsed on the table and he quickly climbed off. I half expected the other two to quickly take me, but the only contact was hands. I lifted my head and saw the white guy over by the counter, cleaning his cock off. The other two wasted no time in turning me over and soon hands were working my thighs, abdomen, and breasts. The white guy remained naked, but the two black guys still had shorts on and were sporting huge looking bulges. The massage progressed quickly, and soon the white guy was pulling on and sucking my nipples as the the short black guy licked my pussy. The tall black guy had his tongue in my throat (although I was reciprocating). 

I gasped into his mouth as I came a second time. The black guy between my legs quickly dropped his shorts and I kept my legs wide as his thick cock slipped inside my pussy. The other two kept kissing my mouth and nipples. The fuck again didn't last long, as within three minutes of penetration I was cumming, and again this seemed to be the signal for the guy to unload in me. I lay stunned, unbelieving that in the thirty or so minutes of this massage I'd been fucked in the ass and pussy, and cum three times!

The men evidently weren't done, as the hands resumed working me. My eyes were open and I could feel my hips searching for something to fill one of my empty holes. The tall black man stepped back and I watched as he dropped his shorts, revealing by far the largest cock I'd ever seen. It looked like something out of a porno! I felt scared and excited at the same time! They didn't say anything, but somehow the other two knew to pull me up on the table so my head hung off the back. One of them handed the tall guy a bottle of oil and he poured it in his hand and stroked it over his hard tool before approaching me. 

One of the guys was gently massaging my neck, and when the tall black guy lined his cock up with my mouth I knew what he was thinking and I was not okay with it! I had never deep throated a cock, and I wasn't about to start with this monster! I opened my mouth to say no, but in retrospect this was a mistake, because he quickly filled my mouth with several inches of his ebony rod. 

I tried to talk anyways, but he gently shushed me. I realized no one had said anything since the massage started and they must have done this regularly to coordinate their actions so well. The cock in my mouth was moving slowly in and out and I had a nice view of the underside of his spectacular manhood. The oil had a slight sweet flavor to it and made the cock slide smoothly in and out. He was working it slightly deeper with each stroke, but nothing quick. Out of all my holes, this one was taking the longest, and without any stimulation to my pussy, ass, or nippples I was unlikely to cum soon, which had been the signal in the previous instances. 

The hands on my neck were gently working the muscles, relaxing them. The white man bent down and whispered "try to swallow" in my ear. I was momentarily confused, but quickly realize what he meant as the cock in my mouth plunged deeper than before. I gagged in a decidedly unsexy way and it withdrew.

I was better prepared the next time and managed to get a couple of inches down my throat before he withdrew. A few more attempts and he was all the way in my throat! I knew my throat must be bulging obscenely, and though the combination of my throat muscles and the massage must feel pretty good on his cock. I felt really damn proud of myself for taking his whole cock and getting his balls to rest on my face. I worked my tongue over his cock and reached my hand down to work my clit, but one of the guys pulled my hand away. I moaned in frustration.

How was a girl supposed to cum if the only cock was in her throat! In answer the tall black guy started working my throat harder, actually getting up to a decent fucking space. The noises coming from my mouth were obscene and spit was dripping out and hanging off my face. Suddenly he thrust deep and I felt his cock swell. He blasted the first rope of cum straight down my throat, but quickly pulled out so my mouth was filled. 

Shit, this tasted great! I mean, I liked the taste of cum anyways, but this was like fruity and sweet! I quickly gobbled it down and reached up with a hand to milk him dry, eliciting a groan from him. He finally pulled away and I smiled up at him. "Wow! How do you make your stuff taste so good?!" I asked, excited to pass the tip on to Nick. 

"Pineapple and lots of other sweet fruit! We are on a strict diet," he said eyeing me. "Would you like some more? We still have about another thirty minutes, we can probably get another seven or eight loads for you to enjoy."

I gasped at the thought that they could each cum two more times in only half an hour. "I..I really shouldn't..." I said, but the white guy was already on the table and I didn't stop him as he filled my pussy. He fucked me hard and quick. Evidently the goal wasn't to make me cum anymore, but to provide as much cum for me to drink, because after less than a minute he quickly jumped up and moved to my face. I opened my mouth and he thrust easily into my throat before pulling out to the tip and spilling his seed in my hungry mouth. I held it in my mouth, swishing it around to enjoy the flavor before swallowing. The short black man pulled me so I was bent over the massage table, then I felt his cock at my back door. I relaxed and he slid in easily and quickly went to town. After all the cock sucking, fucking, and swallowing I could feel an orgasm building quickly. Again I was disappointed though. Barely three minutes in he pulled out and quickly walked around the table and shoved his cock into my mouth. It was only after he was balls deep in my throat that I realized his cock had literally just come out of my ass. I moaned at the dirtiness and he was soon feeding me his delicious sperm.

He pulled out, and I moaned in frustration "Please!"

"Please what?" the tall black man asked. The three men were standing in front of me, and their cocks were all still hard! They had to be on some sort of drugs, but at this point I was just thankful they were. 

"Please, I need to cum!" I begged. I was desperate. At this point I would have done anything they asked so long as it resulted in an orgasm for me. The tall man whispered something and the others smiled. They moved around behind me and I felt one of their cocks slip into my pussy. He pulled my knees up so my ass was pointed a bit above parallel, then laid into me with a vigor that I desperately needed. I felt my orgasm approach, but then suddenly he was groaning and I felt his cock filling my pussy! I moaned in frustration, but he pulled out and one of the others moved behind me and jammed into my ass. I gasped, and was startled when a cock filled my mouth. The short man had moved around and I worked on trying to make him cum again. 
