 So, this story came about during...personal time (heh heh). It is a long standing fantasy of mine because I think it's super hot. It's also in a different perspective/point of view; hopefully this goes over well. So, enjoy...

~E



I woke up blindfolded and bound.

A thin piece of cloth was in my mouth, pressing against my tongue, parting my teeth as it stretched across the corners of my lips. It dug into my cheeks and I could feel my saliva making it soaking wet. I was breathing around it but couldn't see where I was or how I had gotten here. 

I had been sitting in a café, enjoying a coffee with some girlfriends and on the way home... I remembered being hit from behind, like something large grabbed me and forced a bag over my head. I started to moan a little. Was this the end for me? Was I going to be sold into trafficking? Because that had been an up and coming thing lately.

I started to rock back and forth, noticing my shorts had been riding up my ass and the black tank I was wearing was sort of bedraggled and hanging up near my shoulders, exposing my back. I was on all fours, my wrists tied behind my ankles which were secured together. I could feel the material of my blue Chucks scraping against my thumbs. I was still dressed for some reason, bra and panties still on but if I was going to be raped, why keep me clothed?

My cheek was pressed to the floor, grime pressing into my flesh and I felt my hair pooling around me in waves. Dyed a dark teal, I knew it was going to look dirty and disgusting. And I had just washed it too! I sighed thinking about the hassle of cleaning my hair for it was so thick and tangled. I rolled my eyes behind my blindfold, wondering why I was worried about my fucking hair when I should be worried about why I was ass up, face down in a strange room. 

The smell of musk infiltrated my senses and I heard clanging going on around me. Alright, I was in a warehouse of some sort or even an old factory. 

I wiggled my fingers, nails scraping against my shoes as I did so. Something silky was wrapped around my wrists and ankles so at least it wasn't harsh. I tried to move my hands down over my feet but my shoulders wouldn't allow that for I was ridiculously short, rounding five feet and a centimeter, if that. 

My arms were beginning to ache as were my knees. I must have been in this position for hours given my joints needed to be stretched and popped. My back was hurting already from its odd position as it supported my bottom. 

Thinking quickly, I wondered what could have landed me here. I was a good girl, in my last year of grad school on full scholarship for political science. I was working on my Master's and was about to enter into a summer internship with the local congressman. I had a part time job at the same café where I was taken at to help support bills my grants didn't cover. I loved my life; I had great friends and family but no love life.

My last boyfriend dumped me after I had been accepted into grad school because he couldn't "handle the stress" that comes with advanced education. We had been together since our senior year of high school and he was my first serious lover. After him, I had one or two hook-ups but nothing I felt had any lasting effects. I was usually too busy with work and school. 

There was my best friend, Josh, who I found myself slowly becoming attracted to but he had a bitch of a girlfriend who was all about money, money, money. Expensive things, cars, heels, the works. I despised Elise and why he was still with her after nearly two years was beyond me. He would constantly complain to me about her and I'd pick up the pieces she would often rip out of him. She was a terrible human being and deserved to be punted in the cunt. 

I shivered with revulsion at the thought of her using her body to get what she wanted from Josh like purses and shit. 

Josh and I had met when I interned at the governor's office four years ago for some extra credit so it would look good on my transcript and resume. The governor's daughter was my age and she was dating Josh at the time. I was working one night with her dad's analysts on some huge voter survey when I overheard them fighting. 

I was there when he walked in the conference room, tears running down his handsome face, bright blue eyes standing out in his bloodshot sclera. My heart ached for him and I knew he needed a friend. So, being the kind of girl I am, I comforted him and told him what he had needed to hear. After calming him, I had convinced him to go back to Alena and reconcile. Which he did. 

I prided myself in the continuing of their relationship, knowing I had a small part of it until they finally called it quits, a year later. But we had kept in touch, becoming the best of friends rather quickly. I saw him as a brother. And then, before I could swoop in to mend his broken heart, Elise Beresford pounced on him like a tiger and basically tore his throat out, with me in the way of his spraying blood. 

For some reason, he popped in my mind and I felt myself growing heated. We had been good friends for almost five years and I had never thought of him in a sexual sense. But one night, when he had thrown a housewarming party for his new home last summer, I caught him stripping bare in his bedroom as I looked for a restroom. I had paused and was utterly entranced. I remember I had felt juices dripping down my thighs in my dress as I eyed him from the crack in his door.

A whimper escaped me then as I recalled his muscular form in the low light, the way his abs dipped into that "v" landing above dark curls. And I had to admit, he had a pretty impressive package that had me leaning in towards the door. His nipples were erect and the right one was even pierced. I never knew that and I had wanted nothing more than to run my tongue over it. His dark red hair had been pushed up and back, short in the back in a James Dean sort of way but he somehow made it look erotic. 

Before I knew what I had been doing, I'd accidentally leaned too far forward that the door creaked open. Feigning innocence, I pretended to just "stumble" in and act like I hadn't known where I was going. 

"T-the bathroom?" I'd asked, cheeks hot and body incredibly fired up.

A sly smile had appeared on his cute face, pulling up his thick lips. His strong jaw had twitched before he grabbed his black shorts that had been around his feet to hide his privates from me. "Oh Rose. It's down the hall, first door on the right."

My eyes had been fixed on his shorts, right where his zipper was still hanging down and I had licked my lips, which he caught. "Thanks," I muttered and scurried off to both pee and relieve myself. 

Still to this day, I think he knew what I had done in his bathroom. 

Speaking of, my panties were beginning to get soaked and I knew that after that moment, something had happened between us. Between the slipped hands and subtle flirting, I felt like I needed him more than as a friend. I felt as if there could be something between us, something deeper, more than friendship. But that would never happen. Elise wouldn't allow him to leave her because she had threatened numerous times to kill herself if he did. I think she's just bullshitting but I know he wouldn't want to take that chance. 

Shifting slightly to ease some of the pain on my knees, I heard a door open, followed by three sets of footsteps. I cringed, eyes squeezing shut as I waited for the worst to happen.

Whispering of deep voices drifted over my ears of what they were going to do to me. 

"Untie her," one said. "But keep the blindfold on." 

Doing as instructed, somebody with incredibly gentle hands lifted me up into a sitting position before untying my hands and ankles. I felt his hands hesitate at the gag and I'm assuming he had some unseen or unheard command before he pulled the cloth out of my mouth. 

I smacked my lips together, stretching my jaw a little. But then, a sharp slap across my left cheek had me practically reeling and feeling for whoever decided to hit me. My hands met a hard middle of solid muscle encased in cotton. The guy's hand enveloped my wrist and led it down to his jeans where a very obvious erection was occurring and I gasped. 

How dare they? "What's going on?"

Another slap on the other side sending spittle out of my mouth. I gasped and cracked my jaw. 

"Stand her up," the first voice commanded. This one was one not to be trifled with, the kind of guy you didn't say "no" to for fear of what he could do. I shivered at the extreme rawness wafting off of him even though I didn't know what he looked like. In my mind, however, he resembled someone large and in charge with possibly numerous tattoos and a seductive smile with biceps and thighs to kill. 

A hand around my neck had me on my feet in seconds. Rough lips met mine as my feet were lifted off of the floor, hand still cradling my throat. I pushed against the intruder's mouth. A tongue forced its way to tangle with mine and I bit his tongue. "Naughty girl," he whispered harshly and slapped me again. "Obey," he commanded. 

"Do as we say, Rose, and only pleasure will come of this," the first voice hissed in my ear from behind me. I felt his erection too, pressing into my ass. "Jay!" He shouted over my shoulder. "Undress her."

A third set of hands found their way over my body, ripping and pulling my tank and shorts aside. Clad in nothing but a bra and purple thong, two of the guys sandwiched me while the third one fiddled with my panties. A finger slipped into my cunt and I could tell by his groan that he knew I was beginning to enjoy this. 

To be quite honest, I sort of did have this twisted fantasy of being ravaged by complete strangers, two or more but this was perfect. I whimpered when the finger rubbed against a particularly sensitive spot. Then, my lips were caught in a frenzy of teeth and tongue, the guy in front of me taking me with his mouth while the one behind me sucked on my neck. It was overwhelming and completely erotic. 

I felt hands reach from behind to fondle my tits through my bra, my nipples instantly reacting. Now, I don't normally receive stimulation through breast play but this felt incredible. I moaned into guy number one's mouth, who still had my wrists locked by the way.

Next thing I knew, my panties were ripped free of my body and so was my bra. I was completely and utterly helpless and vulnerable in front of three strangers. Having no clue who they were or what they looked like, I simply shrugged and went with it. I mean, what else could I do? I was a weakling compared to these guys and most likely wouldn't make it out alive even if I tried. 

A tongue was still deep in my mouth, lips on the back of my neck, and the third guy was now on my side, coercing my face towards his so he could kiss me. Oooooh-my-gosh. This was by far the greatest kiss I ever had. He was so sensual yet raw at the same time, savage and animalistic that I didn't even notice the dude in front of me had unzipped his pants (I didn't hear the zipper) and he was plunging into me. I gasped into the guy's mouth when I felt the thickness of his cock stretch me. 

He wasn't super huge but it had been a while since I last had sex so, it was a little tight. The guy still fucking my mouth pulled on my neck so he could reach the back of my teeth while the one behind me still squeezed my breasts with his hands, kneading them and pulling at my nipples. 

So, there's one guy making out with me, another fucking me, and another playing with my breasts. What more could a girl ask for? Other than possibly seeing what her mystery men looked like.

Before I could ask for permission to remove my blindfold, I was being pushed forward, dick leaving me while another took its place. My hands automatically went to my clit before they were slapped away. Thicker than the first, I sucked in a breath when he started pivoting his hips faster and faster until I was biting my lip so hard, I tasted blood. Then, they were wrenched apart and I felt the tell-tale sign of a velvety shaft entering my mouth, reaching the back of my tongue, grazing my teeth. 

I didn't mean to clamp down but the guy just groaned and pressed harder, holding the back of my head with a large hand. I was gagging now, little sucking sounds coming from the back of my throat as he pushed on. "Relax your throat, darlin'," he drawled out. In my mind, I pictured a tanned guy with amazing abs and thighs as he used my mouth to fuck himself. "Atta girl," he grunted and I felt him gather my hair in one hand to hold it back. 

One slap, two, three slaps across my ass had me reeling. Then someone was slapping me across the backs of my thighs while another slapped my breasts.

He slapped my cheek once, then twice before reaching down to swat at my swinging breasts. The guy behind me spanked me numerous times while the one still on my side had his cock lying on my back. 

"Want this cock up your ass?" One of them growled. I think it was the third guy beside me and his voice sounded eerily familiar. 

I shook my head no, feeling the cock inside of me leave now feeling defeated. I've never had anal before and this...this was scary. I've heard it could go one of two ways. Either really well or extremely painful. With the man still in my mouth, I tried to say "no" but someone was rubbing something warm and sticky on my ass. Then a finger was probing the bunched muscles, causing me to flinch and jerked forward which resulted in the cock in my mouth going deeper.

I won't lie though. This felt good, the finger up my ass, knuckle deep as he stretched me, making sure I would be able to take one or even all of them later. 

"Stand her up," the voice behind me commanded and the others obliged, placing me on my feet. 

Savage lips crushed mine and then another cock was in me again, supporting me with his elbows as each thrust brought me higher up in the air. I felt something large trying to enter the bunched muscle from behind and I steeled myself, ready for the intrusion. 

I held my breath. It stung as he pushed onward but, with the pleasure of the cock inside of my cunt, another's mouth on my lips, and someone's hands flicking my clit, I didn't pay him no heed. With the dick almost fully up my ass, he halted, allowing me to adjust to his size which was pretty massive, might I add. Considering I'd never had anything up there before, anything would feel large at this point. 

I started to whimper once the man was fully inside of me. 

Everything was on fire; my ass and legs. It hurt but the man paused as I grew to adjust to his size. The hands on my clit still twisted the little nub and a shock of pleasure shot through me. I squealed which caused the dick up my ass to go further in. The groaned behind me and used one of his hands to rub my lower back, his short nails digging into my skin.

"Jay, get on your knees and take her with you," dude number one ordered. 

"Woah," I muttered when the guy behind me pushed down on my back so I was on my knees and he with me. His cock was still buried almost to the hilt in me and I whimpered at the slight pain he caused me. 

"Shh," he spoke against my ear, tongue darting out at the last second to lap at my lobe. 

I rolled my eyes behind the blindfold and gasped. Jay was different from the others; he was rough and raw but still sensual and I found myself liking that. 

Knees parted my thighs and I realized why I was forced to the ground. I was about to be double penetrated. At this prospect, I squealed when I was impaled on what felt like dick number one with Jay still in my ass. I shuddered at the sheer pleasure this rocked me into as I slowly began to ride the one under me, my clit grinding against his pelvic bone. 

I was panting and Jay began slowly thrusting, the pain easing away with each pump. I moaned form the intense desire that ran through my blood. A dick entered my mouth and I eagerly sucked on it, using my hands to capture the base and fondle his sack. And we all four sat like that, one guy fucking me from below, another up my ass, a cock in my mouth... I was having the time of my life. I could feel an orgasm just at bay.

My toes curled in my shoes, I squeezed the base of the cock in my mouth that kept trying to reach the back of my throat. Tears threatened to spill from me nearly gagging but I didn't mine; I was having too much fun. 

I was being pounded into in all three easily accessible holes. God, this felt fantastic.

All three guys were groaning and hissing as the pleasure overtook them as it did me. The one beneath me started fucking me harder, his thighs slapping against mine and Jay was slamming into my ass. I cried out around the cock in my mouth with each forward thrust, my nose barely skimming the dude's pubes. I bit down somewhat when the orgasm threatened to climax, heat spreading through my limbs, dispersing out from my middle to my clit and finally ending in my toes. My hands needed something to hold onto as I ground harder, the dick in my ass creating an unbelievable sensation within me, the guy's hands skimming over my body, alighting every nerve ending. I gripped the dude under me, my nails biting into his shoulders as I moved faster, back and forth. Back and forth, back forth, backforth, faster and faster, until back and forth became one solid movement. 

I let out a low moan, guttural and deep, the most powerful orgasm I had ever received overpowering my senses. I shuddered and quaked, still riding out my orgasm, clawing at the guy under me. I had to release the dick in my mouth and scream out my pleasure. I was gasping and panting, arms unable to hold myself up anymore. I collapsed and wheezed, but not before a hand went to my clit and began ferociously rubbing it back and forth. 

"No!" I tried to get away but Jay grabbed me from behind and held me to him, cock still buried in my most secret of places. My legs were flailing before me, and I think I accidentally kicked one of the guys. Oops. That earned me a slap on my clit. The other guy had pulled out and I just had one filling me up. I assumed that Jay was the one moving his fingers over my sensitive clit. "Stop, please," I begged, the rubbing causing my legs to jerk and body to nearly vibrate.

Another orgasm was on the rise, my insides quivering with each time he swiped his fingers over my clit. "I know you can come again for me, Rose. Do it," he demanded and moved his hips, snapping them quickly. My feet were no longer on the floor as he lifted me to fuck me from behind, one hand cupping the back of my left knee, forearms supporting my weight. One hand was snaking under my thigh to vigorously attack my clit. I bit my lip and clutched at his torso before reaching up to wrap my arms around his neck. 

"Jesus fucking Christ!" I sputtered when his thrusts picked up greater speed. How did he have such amazing stamina? Most of the guys I ever slept with never lasted this long but goddamn. This man was a god in the sack. 

When this was over, if it ever was, I definitely wanted to seek him out.

A mouth covered my own and a dick entered me again, my cunt squeezing around it as he slammed into me. One hand had wrapped around my throat, silencing my little cries as a tongue assaulted me. Someone guided my hand to a lonely cock and I started stroking it with the same speed as the two fucking me. 

We all groaned in unison and I knew that another orgasm was just on the brink, tightening my core, forcing my thighs to clench. Fingers were still on my clit, furiously smashing it between two bodies. I was about to come again and started whimpering against the tongue in my mouth. "I'm gonna come again," I mumbled around the guy's lips. Sure enough, as I said those words, an orgasm overtook me, forcing my head to snap back and my body to quake, once again. Warmth permeated every part of my being and my clit throbbed. I lolled my head back, resting on Jay's shoulder as I allowed the waves to wrack through me, one of my legs actually twitching. Never had that before. 
