 After our dinner and a movie get together with Jack and Kate, we got even closer to them as friends. It was if we all had known each other for years instead of just a few months. We had invited them over again for dinner. You and Jack were out back on the deck relaxing after dinner. I had wanted to show Kate something we had gotten in the mail.

"What is it???" she asked as I take her into our bedroom.

"You'll see... " I tell her, Kate sits down on our brass bed. "I saw this on line and just had to order it... " I tell her pulling a package out of the dresser drawer. I take out a realistic dildo/cock.

"Oh my god... where did you get that???" she asks as I walk over and sit down on the bed next to her.

"An online sex store... doesn't it look real... " I said taking it out of the package, stroking it.

I lick it slowly, from the base all the way to the head, sucking on the head. Kate looks at me, not saying anything.

"Want to try sucking it???" I ask as I lick it slowly.

"I don't know... "she says.

"You let me eat your pussy and you had sex with Ted, come on suck it, it makes me so hot." I tell her as I hand it to her.

"But what about Jack and Ted won't they miss us?" Kate asks, reaching over and stroking it.

"I don't think so... they're talking about baseball... " I tell her.

"Well it does look good... can you close the door... " she asks, taking it from me. I get up and close the bedroom door and start to get undressed. 

"I can't help myself, I have wanted you all night... want to play and have some fun." I tell her, taking off my shorts and tee-shirt.

"You're not wearing any underclothes."

"I hardly ever do, you never know when you might have some fun." I tell her as I climb on our bed. "Get undressed... "

Kate undresses and gets on the bed with me, she starts to lick the cock, taking it in her mouth, slowly sucking it, I reach over and stroke her tits. "Yes... " she moans as she takes the cock a bit deeper. I lean over and lick her nipples one at a time, feeling them get hard, gently sucking on them. "You like that Kate?" I ask, all she can do is nod as she starts to lick the head of the cock, she lays back on our bed, licking and sucking the cock. I lick my way down her body, teasing her. I gently start to rub her pussy, she's getting so wet. I slip a finger inside of her wet slit, in and out... adding another finger she is so fucking wet. I pull my hand away from her pussy, and look at her. "Taste your pussy... lick my fingers... taste so good." I tell her, she takes the cock from her mouth, hesitates, then she takes a hold of my hand and licks my fingers. "Taste good doesn't it... I love the taste of your pussy Kate." I say as I slip my fingers back inside of her, fingering her gently.

"Yes... feels so good... " she moans, slipping the cock back in her mouth, sucking it deeper in her mouth. I spread her legs just a bit and I lay down between her legs, I spread her pussy lips and start to lick her, slowly, taking my time. I rub her clit, she jerks a bit. "Oh yes... " she moans as I continue to finger her slit and suck her sensitive clit. 

My pussy is so fucking wet, I need something bad. I lick and suck Kate until she is close to cumming. "Give me the toy... " I tell her, she hands it to me. "I'm going to fuck you... " 

I slowly insert the rubber cock into Kate's dripping pussy, I love pussy almost as much as I love cock. I fuck Kate with the toy, faster and deeper, wanting to make her cum. "Does that feel good Kate?" I ask watching the expression on her face, she is enjoying it. "Oh yes... fuck me... " she says pinching her hard nipples. I continue to fuck her, I bend down and start to lick her pussy as I fuck her with the dildo. "I want to eat your pussy... " Kate tells me, I pull the toy out of her wet slit and we get into the 69 position and start to suck and lick each other greedily. We don't even hear the bedroom door open until we hear you close the door behind you. I thought you'd be downstairs still, there are you and Jack watching us.

"So this is what's taking you so long... " you say teasing me. You knew what I had wanted to show Kate. "Uh don't let us stop you... gee Jack is it getting hot in here???" you ask starting to undress. 

I move off of Kate and we both sit up on the bed, waiting for you and Jack to join us.

"Uh yeah... yeah just a bit... " Jack says starting to undress also. I'm so glad we have a Queen-sized bed. You both undress and join us on the bed, Kate and I are in the middle you and Jack are on either side of us, so you can watch. Kate reaches down and rubs her pussy, "Give it to me... " she says looking at me. I take the toy and insert it back into her pussy, she is so tight.

I slowly start to insert the dildo in her tight pussy, in and out, in and out. I notice you and Jack both are getting hard, very hard. She finally loosens up a bit and it slips in and out of her a bit easier. "Oh yes... fuck me... " she says.

You are stroking your cock, I bend down and take your cock in my mouth, sucking on the head as I fuck her. "Yeah baby, suck my cock... " you tell me as I start to fuck her faster, feels so good sucking your hard cock baby. Love sucking your cock and fucking her with our toy.

"Fuck yeah... " Kate moans as Jack moves over to her.

"Suck me Kate." Jack asks her stroking his cock.

Kate takes his cock into her mouth, licking on the head of his cock.

So there we are, the four of us playing. I love sucking your cock baby, love the way it feels in my mouth. "Turn around, so I can finger your wet pussy honey... " You tell me, I turn and lay down so I can still suck your cock as you finger my pussy. You gently rub my pussy as I suck you. "You're so wet and hot baby... " you tell me as you gently slip two fingers inside of me. All I can do is moan it feels so good when you do that. 

"I want to suck your cock." Jack says suddenly, I had been noticing he does look at your cock a lot. I move so that Jack can get to your cock easily, but you can still finger my wet sli

"Well... okay if your sure... " You tell him as Jack get's down on his knees in front of you and reaches for your hard cock, stroking you. 

"Yeah... "you exclaim as Jack licks your cock, licking you all over, stroking your balls. I look down and Jack is gently sucking on your cock, taking it a bit at a time. He looks like he is enjoying it. "You like that baby, Jack sucking your cock???" I ask as Kate lays down under Jack and takes his cock back into her mouth.

"Oh yeah baby, he sucks cock real good... " you say as Jack tries and take your cock deeper, he starts to gag, he pulls away and takes your balls in his mouth one at a time, sucking on them.

Jack really seems to like sucking your cock baby, he is going to town, licking and sucking you.

"Fuck yeah... suck that cock... " you tell him as he takes your cock back in his mouth, he sucks a bit deeper, and takes a breath and sucks your cock harder and faster. "So good... " you tell him. 

"Oh fuck baby... I love when you finger my pussy... " I moan as you finger me a bit faster.

"I'm getting close... " You tell Jack, "Let's switch... " you suggest. Jack comes up for air. Jack gets on his knees in front of you, You reach for his cock, I can tell your a bit nervous you've never sucked cock before but you have always wanted to try it. 

"Sounds like a plan my cock is so hard, it's about to burst... " Jack says. 

"Let's suck him together baby... " you tell me, I move around so I can get to Jack's cock.

We both get down in front of Jack, holding his cock between us, I start to lick his cock, and so do you. I watch you lick his cock from the base to the tip and take just the head in your mouth, gently sucking him.

"Oh yes baby, suck his cock... " I tell you as we both suck and lick his cock, we kiss in between licks, this is so fucking hot baby, I love sharing pussy and cock with you. I look over and Kate is fucking herself with our toy, she looks like she is enjoying herself. "Oh yeah... suck that cock... " Jack says as you take him a bit deeper, I am stroking Jack's balls as you suck him. 

"You like sucking cock baby?" I ask you as you take a break and just stroke his cock.

"Oh yes baby girl, I like it a lot... " you tell me as you stroke his cock faster, I move around and get to where I can take your cock in my mouth, licking your hard cock. "Fuck yes baby... suck it... feels so good." you tell me as you take Jack's cock back in your mouth, sucking him. We continue like this for awhile, glancing at Kate, she is having a good time with our toy. I suck your balls in my mouth, stroking your cock feel you getting harder and harder, I lick all of the precum, love the taste baby. I want to make you cum so good.

"Oh yeah... I'm getting close... " Jack says, pulling away from you.

"I've got to have Kate's pussy... " he moves over to Kate, takes the toy from her and gets between her legs, rubbing his cock over her pussy. 

She is rubbing herself "Fuck me Jack... make me cum... "

Jack sinks his hard cock in her pussy, fucking her deep and slow.

I continue to suck your cock, deeper and faster, your holding my head, fucking my mouth.

"Turn over baby... " you tell me, I turn over, you stand up pulling me to the edge of the bed, it is just the right height for fucking me doggy style. I get into position, feel you fingering my pussy, slipping your fingers in my wet slit. "Oh fuck... yes baby... " you tell me fingering me and rubbing my clit. Feels so good. "I'm gonna fuck you... make you cum."

Jack and Kate are making our bed rock, they are moaning, grunting and fucking so good.

"Did you like that baby, watching me suck Jack's cock?" You ask as you rub the head of your cock over my pussy. "Oh yes baby... made me so fucking hot... " I tell you feeling you giving me your cock, you just put the head in my pussy, pulling out. You continue going a bit deeper each time until you are all the way in my pussy.

"Love fucking that pussy Kate... " Jack says pounding into her.

"Fuck me... fuck me hard Jack... I loved watching you suck Ted's cock... next time let him cum in your mouth... " she says grabbing onto his shoulders.

"I liked sucking cock baby... but I love your hot wet pussy... " you tell me as you fuck me hard and fast. We're all moaning and fucking and it feels so good baby. "Take my cock baby... "

I love it when you fuck me deep and hard, makes me cum so good. I can tell you are close to cumming baby, "Fuck me... " I say begging you, you are holding me so tight against you, pounding your cock inside of me. I want to make you cum baby.

"Oh yeah... fuck... yes... " You reach under me and rub my clit, "Feel good baby... feel good when I fuck you?"

"Oh yes baby... don't stop baby I'm so close... " I tell you.

"Damn!! Yeah... take my cum... " Jack exclaims, he is fucking Kate harder and faster.

"I'm cumming... oh yes... fuck that pussy Jack... make me cum... " Kate says as she starts to cum.

Watching them cum makes us fuck harder and faster, "Cumming... so close baby... " you tell me. "Fuck... yes baby girl... tighten that hot pussy on my cock... " 

Oh yes baby, pound my pussy. "Give me your cum... fuck me... gonna cum... oh yeah... fuck!!" Cum in me baby, oh yeah... I can feel you cumming inside of me, feels so good, we both cum almost together, feels good. We all collapse on our bed, trying to catch our breaths, oh that was great baby. Jack and Kate are laying next to each other, looking very happy.

"So how was it, sucking another man's cock?" Kate asks Jack a few minutes later.

"It was good, different... would like to do it again... " Jack said.

"So would I... " you say agreeing. "You know not an everytime thing but once in awhile, to put some excitement in our sex lives... not that I'm bored or anything honey... just something different." You tell me kissing me.

"Oh I know what you mean, I like eating pussy, but I LOVE your cock baby... nothing wrong with the four of us getting together to have some fun." I say.

We all lay there for a few more minutes. "Well it's getting late... we'd better be going... " Jack says getting up. 

"It's late, why don't you both just stay the night, we have a guest room, there is a bathroom right next to the guest room, you're more than welcome to stay." I tell them both, thinking they might want to take a shower.

"Well okay if we're not putting you out... " Kate says agreeing. I show them the guest room and where everything is, tell them good night.

I go back in our room and you are in the bathroom running water for the shower, I join you in the shower. You are soaping my back, I like the way it feels. "That made me so hot honey, watching you and Jack sucking each other... did you really like it?" I ask as you rinse the soap off of me.

"Oh yeah baby, it was good, different... but you are my little girl... "you tell me as you reach around and rub my tits, my nipples are already hard. "You suck me the best, I'm just glad we can explore and have fun with Jack and Kate every once in awhile, keeps things interesting... " You tell me as I turn around in your arms and go to my knees and lick your cock.

"Oh yeah... suck me baby... " you tell me as I lick the head of your cock, stroking your balls. You're starting to get hard again.

I can feel my pussy getting wet again, I reach down with one hand and rub my pussy. I can feel you getting hard in my mouth.

I am so horny I have to have you again, sucking you fast and deep, wanting to feel you cumming in my mouth baby. Your cock is so hard in my mouth baby, I love it. 

"My baby girl is just so fucking horny tonight... guess I'll have to fuck you... " you tell me turning off the shower and taking me by the hand and leading me out of the shower.

"Up on the counter... " you tell me, helping me onto the counter. 

I get on the counter, it's just the right height for you to pound my pussy.

You get down in front of me and lick my pussy, "Oh yes baby... lick me... "

Feels so good when you lick my slit. You lick my pussy, slipping two fingers in my pussy.

"I love the way your pussy taste baby... " you tell me fingering me, licking my clit.

I have to play with my tits, pinching them, pulling on my nipples. "Fuck me baby... please... "

I beg you, I need you to fuck me.

You stand up, put my legs around your waist and rub the head of your cock on my slit, getting it wet. "You want my cock baby???" you ask taking your time, teasing me.

"Yes, fuck me baby... I want to feel you inside of me again."

"You were a bad little girl tonight, you and Kate starting without Jack and I... " you tell me as you put just the head of your cock inside of me. "But it was so fucking hot watching you and her licking and eating pussy and then playing with our toy... " you give me more of your cock,slowly in and out, you reach over and play with my tits,bending down and taking my nipples in your mouth one at a time. Flicking your tongue over them,biting them gently. 

"I liked that you both were watching us, made me so wet and hot baby... "

You speed up your thrust, holding on to me, fucking me deeper and faster. "Oh yes... fuck me baby... give it to me... " I beg you grabbing your arms and holding on as you pound me faster and harder.

"You like when I fuck you hard huh baby... you like it like this???" you ask fucking me.

"Fuck me baby... give me your cock, yeah." your cock is going so deep inside of my pussy, you grab my legs and hold them up, going even deeper inside of me.

"Oh yeah... your pussy is so fucking tight around my cock babygirl... won't be long... gonna fill your tight pussy... " you tell me slamming me hard and fast. 

"I am so close baby... don't stop... fuck me!!" I can't help but get loud.

"Awww... fuck... yeah take it... take my cum baby take it... " your cock is buried all the way inside of my pussy, I can feel you cumming, and I start to cum too... oh yes feels so good cumming with you baby. 

"Yes... oh yes... cumming baby... " we hold each other so tight as we cum together.

You pull out of me and get back down in front of me and lick the cum out of my pussy.

"Oh fuck baby... yes... " I moan as you lick me.

You stand up and kiss me passionatly, I can taste our cum, taste so good. 

We dry off and get ready for bed, getting into bed I can hear moaning from down the hall.

"Sounds like Kate and Jack are having some more fun... " you tell me as you get comfortable,

reaching over and turning out the lamp. I snuggle in your arms and get comfortable. "Yep sounds like they are having fun... "

"Nini baby... " you tell me kissing me good night.

"Nini honey, I love you... "

"Love you too baby girl... "