 Standard Disclaimer: 

You must be 18 to read this story, be able to read erotica in your community, not be offended by the contents of it...blah blah, you know the rest. 

This story may be distributed freely, for commercial or non-commercial use, but PLEASE leave my email/name on it! That's all I ask! 

This is my first threesome story. Feedback appreciated. Semi-true story.

* * * * *

After making plans with a group of male friends to attend a concert in a city a few hours from where I lived, I was distraught to find out that said friends had booked hotel reservations without talking to me. By the time the concert rolled around a week later, I was struggling to find a place to stay. Lucking out on finding a fairly decent Holiday Inn no more than 20 minutes from where the concert was, I tried to forget the trouble and enjoy the concert. 

The band we were going to see, Blink 182, was notorious for not only putting on a kick ass show, but for also drawing in a massive number of teenage and early twenty year old girls. The group of four guys I went with not only liked the band, but also knew that there would be so many girls there that the chances of them not finding some to hook up with were slim to none. I had heard that the crowds rivaled that of an NSYNC or Backstreet Boys concert in female audience, but I didn't believe it until I actually arrived at the arena. 

It was like I had died and gone to heaven. Surrounding me were probably no less than 10,000 screaming teeny-bopper girls. Some were far too young to even consider hooking up with, so I tried to keep my eyes open for the older (but still very young) set. As I made the way to my seat, I tried not to drool as I was passed by more beautiful college girls than I could count. Taking my seat (up in the nosebleed section alone...thanks again guys), I checked out my neighbors in the seats. To the right of me was a girl that looked to be 13 or 14, accompanied by a father who looked pissed at being drug to sit through such a foul mouthed band. 

To the left of me however, were two very beautiful (and who appeared to be available) women, probably no older than 20 or 21. The girl closest to me was dressed in a baby blue baby doll t-shirt, with the words "BLINK 182" written across the chest in white, sparkly letters. Her navel was exposed and I could see that she had a belly button ring inside of her firmly trimmed hard body stomach. Below that, she wore a black leather skirt that zipped on the sides and went down all the way to her knees, although I could still tell that she had excellent legs that had to have been her best feature. Her chest was very large, and in the cool air of the upper area of the arena, I could make out the faint outline of her nipples. She had short, very dark brown hair and the bridge of her nose was dotted with freckles. Her eyes were an emerald green color and the lights from the stage cast an eerie glimmer into them, flecking them with specks of golden light. 

Her friend that she was with had bright red hair that hung down beyond her shoulders. She was wearing a pair of skin tight blue jeans that clung to her shapely ass. She too had an exposed navel with a belly button ring, although hers had a diamond stud in it. Her breasts were not as large as her friends, but it might have just been the clothing she was wearing. She had on just a plain white t-shirt, with a navy blue vinyl jacket on over it. Her eyes were a beautiful brownish hazel, accented with very high cheekbones. She was taller than her friend by at least 3 inches and so thin that I figured she had to have been a model. 

After taking my seat, I glanced over at the girls near me. The redhead caught my eye for a second and then leaned over and whispered something to her friend. The brunette nodded in acknowledgement, then they both stood up and began to yell and scream as the band took the stage. 

The concert was a blast. Not only was the music great, but the entire time the two girls kept looking over at me and whispering to each other. All I could do was smile back at them and wonder what the hell they were talking about. After 2 outstanding encores, the band left the stage and the crowd began to disperse. On their way out, the brunette made it a point to brush across my arm with her breasts while I bent over to pick up my jacket and hat. I could feel her warm globes brush against me, the outline of her nipple nudging my elbow ever so slightly. I looked up just in time to see them walking away, laughing with each other. Smiling to myself, I went to go meet up with my friends. 

Only one of my friends met me outside like we were supposed to. He said that everyone else had hooked up with a girl and that I was on my own for the rest of the night. A shitty day indeed, save for the bliss of the concert. Deciding to drown my sorrows, I took a bus back to my hotel and headed straight for the bar. 

What surprised me when I got there was that the two same hotties from the concert were sitting, all alone at the bar downing shots of tequila like there wasn't a tomorrow. The hotel bar was empty except for a grizzled looking older man, playing pool in a corner by himself. He glanced up at me when I walked in but then returned to his game. I walked up to the bar and took a seat three spots down from the two girls. They hadn't noticed me when I walked in, but when I sat down they were whispering to each other yet again (I was beginning to think that they never spoke above a whisper). 

"A shot of Jack Daniels over ice, and a Bud," I told the bartender. After getting my drinks, it was my turn to down a shot. The hot fire of the alcohol burned down my throat but warmed my body all over. I had just started nursing my beer when the redhead moved over and sat down next to me. 

At first she didn't speak, so I took the initiative. 

"Can I get you a drink?" I asked, staring deep into her brown eyes. 

I could see that she was pretty well along in her alcohol induced stupor, but she still seemed coherent. 

"I'd love one. A double shot of tequila please," she told the bartender. "But you know who would REALLY love a drink? Melissa over there. It's her birthday," the redhead said, motioning lazily in the direction of Melissa. 

"Well, that can be arranged. How old is she?" I asked shifting my gaze down to her at the end of the bar. She saw me look but quickly looked away, her face blushing when she caught my eye. 

"21. Maybe you should go over there and give her the drink yourself," the redhead said. 

Taking the drink the redhead had ordered for her friend, I walked casually down to the bar and took a seat next to Melissa. Sliding the drink down towards her, she had her head in her arms. I thought she was crying at first, but when she lifted her head I could see that she was laughing. Sitting next to her in the hazy light of the bar, she looked even more beautiful than when I had seen her earlier in the evening. Her eyes shone through the purple haze of the stale cigarette smoke in the bar like two jade headlights. Her smile and laughter were even more beautiful than her eyes, washing a kind and gentle appearance over her face. 

"Here ya go. Happy birthday," I said to her, smiling. She smiled back and me and said thanks. Not downing this shot immediately, I could tell that even though she had probably drank before, she still didn't have much experience at it. I think she had just about hit her limit. She sipped from the shot glass and then began giggling again. 

"What's so funny, if you don't mind me asking?" I said to her, lowering my face down to her level so that I could look into her eyes again. 

"Well, Sarah over there," she said, pointing towards her friend. "Had this crazy idea that I didn't think you would ever, ever, ever go for!" she said, burying her face in laughter again. 

"What's that?" I asked, my mind trying to grasp what she wanted. 

"She thought you'd be too prudish and too uptight to want to do it, so never mind," Melissa said again to herself, laughing softly and turning her head away from me. 

"No, I'm dieing to know," I said, poking her lightly in the side with my arm in a half kidding manner. I really did want to know. 

"Well, ok. I'll tell ya," said Melissa, leaning her mouth close to my ear. I could smell the liquor on her breath, mixed with the light perfume that she was wearing. 

"She wants you, me and her to have a threesome tonight up in our room," Melissa whispered to me. 

My heart froze. I suddenly felt very lightheaded. All I could do was stare straight ahead and sit there slack jawed like I had just been hit on the head with a 2x4. A few seconds passed and I regained my thought processes, although my head was spinning. I turned to face Melissa and I could tell that she was watching my reaction. 

"A threesome?" I said in a low whisper, holding up three fingers in the air next to me like some kind of child. 

Melissa slowly nodded, a smile coming over her face. "So you'll do it?" she said. 

All I could do was nod slowly to her and say "I'll do it," 

Melissa giggled loudly to herself and got off to run and go talk to Sarah. I meanwhile sat still motionless on the bar stool. A few minutes passed and Sarah walked over, slipping a piece of paper underneath my hand that was on the bar. 

"Meet us here in 15 minutes," she said, whispering into my ear before walking off. 

Coming out of my daze finally, I looked at the paper. ROOM 438. Ordering another drink from the bar, I downed it quickly. Walking back to my room, still in a sort of dream world, I began to gather my thoughts. I was about to take part in a three way with two beautiful women who also had an affinity towards me. This was every man's dream and I wasn't about to let it slip by. 

Once in my room, I changed clothes quickly and put on fresh deodorant and cologne as well as a quick teeth brushing. It was 11:30 when I walked down the hallway to their room. The hotel was deathly silent, save for walking past a room and hearing an occasional television blaring on a late night program. 

I took a deep breath and knocked on the door. As soon as my fist connected on the first knock, the door slowly swung open; it was unlocked. The hallway was dark leading into the room, but in the bedroom just down the way, I could see a floor light. I could also hear the sound of kissing going on, and smell that familiar womanly musk hitting my nostrils. 

Shutting the door behind me, I took a nervous first step down the hall before continuing on. Those last few steps seemed to take forever as my mind raced on all kinds of situations: What if it's a set up? What if they are hookers? What if they are men? All of my fears were ebbed however when I took that final step that put me into the view of the bedroom. 

In the middle of the floor was a massive king size bed, with the white linen sheets pulled back and huge pillows at the head of the bed. To the right of the bed on the floor was the standard issue bedside tables and two huge floor lamps, one on each side. But I was more concerned about what was ON the bed. As I walked in, I saw Sarah's face buried inside of Melissa's pussy, Sarah's red hair strewn about in a total mess. Both girls were naked, although Melissa was wearing a pair of black garter stockings and had one high heeled shoe left on. Her head lay rested on one of the pillows while her back was arched in a provocative manner. Melissa's chest jutted upward, her large nipples and breasts poking out towards the air. Her brown hair was damp with perspiration and a few hairs clung to the top of her forehead. Her eyes were closed and I don't think she (or Sarah) heard me come in. 

Sarah's body was magnificent looking, with a tiny ass and a very thin but proportional body frame. I could make out her tits as they hung underneath her while she pleasured Melissa. Her nipples were cherry red and stuck out like miniature erasers. Her pale skin was a sharp contrast to the darker tan color of Melissa's naked body. Both girls looked absolutely beautiful as they lay on that snow white linen bed. I could feel my erection straining to get out of my pants as I stood there watching them. I began to stroke my cock from outside of my jeans, and this apparently got the girls attention. 

Melissa's eyes opened and a huge smile came over her face. Reaching over and taking a sip from a champagne glass on the bedside table she said, "Come on in. Join us," Then she poured just a little bit of the champagne onto her belly, which Sarah licked off seductively with her tongue, her brown eyes looking up at me while she did this. 

I wasted no time in unzipping my pants and letting them fall to the floor. I have a modest 7 inch dick but it was at full attention and felt much larger than usual as I slowly climbed on to the bed, my cock hanging just inches from Melissa's face. Melissa grabbed it in one hand and began to tease and knead my balls, using her other hand to guide Sarah's face back down to her pussy. Sarah licked enthusiastically away at Melissa's cunt, causing Melissa to utter a low groan of pleasure before moving her mouth down to the tip of my dick and commence to sucking it with all her might. She focused her attention on the head of it, running her tongue up and down and all over it. Her pace was furious, as Sarah was licking her pussy like there was no tomorrow. I glanced down and saw that she had taken Melissa's clit in her teeth and was playing with it. 

By now, Melissa had shifted to taking in my entire cock into her hot mouth. Her lips stretched around the shaft as it bobbed in and out of her mouth. Sarah had now moved up to join Melissa in the sucking, focusing her attention on my balls. She sucked on each one gently, running her tongue up and down my sac, playing with it. The alcohol I had drank, plus the site of two beautiful girls beneath me, pleasuring me in every possible way, caused me to feel myself on the edge of cumming. I stepped back from the girls, their mouths still open in anticipation. Stroking my cock quickly, I held it out to their open and waiting tongue and lips. 

The two girls sat side by side, cheek to cheek, waiting to take my load. Finally it arrived and I felt it spew out of me like a fire hose. The initial shot landed right on the back of Melissa's tongue, but the others came out in odd angles, covering the faces of the two girls as their tongues thrashed around wildly, trying to get as much cum as possible. I shot what felt like a gallon all over them and when I was finally done, the upper half of their body was covered in sticky cum. Sarah especially, a drop of it running down her chest between her breasts. Melissa had a mouthful of my cum and I thought she was going to spit it out, but instead she pulled Sarah to her and the two girls began to make out. Their lips and tongues ran all over each other as they snowballed my cum in and out of each other's mouth. A small trickle ran down the side of Melissa's cheek while they kissed, and landed right beside her tan thigh on the bed. 

After they had cleaned out each other's mouth for cum, they both made quick work of cleaning my dick off and also quite quickly got me hard again. Pulling me onto the bed completely now, they laid me on my back. Melissa reached into her purse and pulled out a white handkerchief and used it to tie my wrists lightly to the bedpost. Then Sarah climbed up the bed and straddled my face, lowering her dripping wet (and totally shaved) snatch and fully aroused pussy onto my lips. I did what any man would do: began to lick at her hole with all my might! 

Melissa meanwhile had gotten onto her knees on the bed and slid backwards until my dick was rubbing against her pubic mound. She grabbed my shaft with her delicate hand and began rubbing it up and down her pussy, getting it nice and lubricated. The torture of feeling something so warm on my dick and yet not being able to do anything about it was maddening. But since my hands were tied up I had to trust Melissa to set the pace. She continued this little cock tease for a few minutes and by that time I was sweating. Not only from the furious licking I was giving Sarah (her legs were now wrapped around my head completely as she rocked herself back and forth on the headboard), but also from the intense anticipation that was being caused by the teasing. Finally I just began to thrust my hips blindly up and down, trying to force myself into her. She caught on and stopped the teasing, sliding my dick into her pussy very slowly with her right hand. I felt the extreme warmth as I slid into her, the velvet folds of her inner walls caressing every centimeter of my manhood. She was tight and warm and wet, all at the same time. And with the pussy in my mouth and the one on my dick, I was in heaven. 

Melissa began to move up and down on my shaft, her huge tits bouncing up and down as she did so. She moaned loudly as she moved backwards and forwards on me, rubbing her clit against my dick as she went up and down. Her tempo slowly grew faster and faster, and soon she was bouncing up and down on me like a woman possessed. I was thrusting my hips up into her every time she went off the bed, stuffing my dick into her as far as possible each time. Every time I would hit the back of her pussy, she would cry out just a little louder than before and contract her pussy muscles around my dick harder and harder. 

I couldn't keep this pace up (though I desperately wanted to), but it was when Sarah rotated positions and began to make out with Melissa on top of me while Melissa frigged Sarah's clit with her hand that sent me over the edge. Pulling Melissa back on top of me with the back of my legs, I held her there while I thrust once more into her, erupting a geyser of cum into her semen thirsty tight little cunt. 

Sarah meanwhile was almost suffocating me as she ground her pussy into my face. I licked at her crazily until she screamed out in pleasure. My face was flooded with her juice as it poured down the side of my face from her massive orgasm. Melissa climbed off of my dick while Sarah laid down next to me to catch her breath. Melissa moved her way up to my side and began to lightly lick the cum off of my face. 

Having regained her breath, Sarah scooted me over and laid down on the bed next to me. Grabbing me by my dick, she pulled me on top of her. I was about to enter her, but she had other ideas. Grasping a hold of my bare ass, she pulled me forward towards her until my dick rested between her handful sized tits. Mashing her breasts together around my dick, she slowly began to move my dick up and down between them in a slow, wonderful tit fuck. My hips began to move by themselves and I started moving my dick between her soft globes of beautiful flesh faster and faster. Melissa, not wanting to be left out of the action, had buried her face inside of Sarah's shaved snatch and was sucking and licking at a blistering rate. My dick continued to piston in and out of Sarah's tits, the tip of it brushing against her lips and tongue on the occasional over thrust. Sarah's tongue was ready and waiting to lick at my dick all it could, catching it long enough to tease every now and then. The warmth surrounding my dick as I tit fucked Sarah was becoming amazingly pleasant. I reached down and began to run my hands and fingers in between Sarah's own while she was jerking me off with her breasts, massaging and flicking her nipples every chance I could get. Sarah's body tensed and she arched her back in orgasm, thrusting her breasts and erect nipples up in the air even further, allowing me the perfect chance to squeeze and tweak them, while she cried out in ecstasy. 

I felt my third orgasm of the night building, and pulled out from between Sarah's lovely breasts just in time to shoot my load all over them. I was amazed at how much cum I still had left in me by this time, but it was more than enough to coat almost all of Sarah's left breast. Sarah began to rub it into her skin, smearing and rubbing the sticky love juice all over herself. When she was finished, she held her hand out seductively, for which Melissa quickly leaped up to lick and suck all over. 
