 Act one: Blindsided



It was early evening and I was working at my desk. The Adult Boutique I owned wasn't due to close for another couple of hours. I was restless and wishing like Hell I could stomp on time's gas pedal. And that's when someone knocked on the jamb of my open office door. I looked up, surprised to see Dana, the cousin of an employee who had quit several months earlier.

Back when her cousin still worked for me, if the two of them had plans to go out clubbing, Dana tended to show up shortly before closing. And whether I was alone or like many evenings enjoying a beer with my buddy Randy, Dana would join us in the back room. Dana was a young fox, and in her semi-serious and understated way, a natural flirt. Of course some of that was simple self-defense, because Randy and I were quick to tease, and just as quick with the smartass sexual come-ons. And because her overly protective, pain in the ass cousin had led us to believe that Dana was only seventeen, flirtatious teasing was all that went down. That was too bad, because like I said Dana was a fox, a hazel eyed honey with a challenging grin. Her brown, shoulder length hair was streaked with blonde highlights. She was slim, and I figured about five and a half feet tall. And whether she was dolled up in a micro mini and scanty top, or the more usual Dr. Martens, jeans and sweatshirt, there was always the enticing allure of a curvy hard-body.

That night, finding Dana standing there, I jumped right up and gave her a hug. She was looking around my office, and I asked "So what's up?"

"Well, you know, I was just driving by," she replied.

It seemed to me that maybe there was something more to her blasé response. Anyway, Dana wandered over, stopping in front of a photo of the Martian landscape hanging on my office wall. It was a picture taken by the Mar's rover, and Dana asked "Is that really Mar's?"

It was an innocent enough question; still, I was picking up on this sexual vibe. And that was despite the fact that she was wearing a baggy sweatshirt and an equally baggy pair of jeans. I was curious, and just then anyway, not particularly worried about her age. And, as I was soon to discover, Dana was fired- up, crackling with the energy of the sexual fantasy that had brought her to my office. But, to this day I don't have a clue about what subtle sex charged signals I was picking-up on. They were there though; so, I reached out and began to rub her shoulders. Wondering just where things were headed, but hoping to keep things casual, I told her, "Its Mars alright!" Then, stretching out the moment, I explained, "You can see the lander, and it carried this little rover you can't see, and that's what sent back the picture!"

"That's nice," Dana replied. And the quiet breathy way she said it left me thinking she wasn't talking about my picture. So, when she bent her head, I took the hint. I began to gently massage her neck, liking the feel of her warm, silkily smooth skin sliding under my fingers. And when she responded with a couple of softly murmured oohs, I began to work my way down her back. But, playing it safe, I leaned in, and whispered a questioning "More," in her ear.

Dana responded with a giggle; and then, when she tilted her head back, I took it for an invitation. So, I pushed myself up against her, maximizing body contact, and making sure she felt my hard-on. Then, as sensuously as I could, I swirled the tip of my tongue around her ear. Emboldened by a soft throaty moan, I followed it up with a light kiss that trailed down and around, stopping just short of her exposed throat. Then, testing, I took a step back.

Dana stepped back, giggling as she pushed her butt against me. Obviously aware of my erection, she began to work her hips, doing a slow bump and grind that practically had us dry humping. I thought about stopping right then and there, but I was curious, and honestly, even more curious than horny! But then, I reminded myself that Dana wasn't there for a massage.

I slid my hands up under Dana's sweatshirt. When she didn't object, I stroked them slowly up and down her back, and discovered that she wasn't wearing a bra. She leaned back in to me, which I took as a less than subtle hint. And her breathy, unmistakable moans of pleasure took care of any lingering doubt. So, I slid my hands around, teasing my fingertips over the taut quivery skin of her belly. And, when Dana sucked in a sharp breath, I reached up and cupped a pair of bare breasts. I was thinking, 34-C's, as I rotated my palms over a duo of prominent and unmistakably aroused nipples. And when I began to roll them between thumb and finger, she moaned a soft purry "Oh, I like that!"

Intrigued, and definitely caught up in the moment, I reminded myself that I was playing with fire, and that just maybe I should think about backing off. Except, by then I was pinching Dana's nipples, teasing them with gentle tugs as she made the sorts of throaty sounds that insist more, more, more! So, there I was, blown -away by Dana's unrestrained sexuality, not to mention the double handful of perky, extremely responsive tits I was fondling. And that's when she took me by surprise, and just totally blew me away!

In one smoothly executed move Dana yanked her sweatshirt up and off. She tossed it aside, which left me standing there ogling her pretty tits, and their invitingly thick, dusky, and appetizingly erect nipples. And I was asking myself, what the fuck, when she asked me "Umm is Randy going to be showing up?"

"Nope," I told her. "It's just us," I added, not bothering to remind her that two of my employees were prowling the sales floor.

Somehow Dana managed to make a simple "Oh well," sound pouty, and I wasn't sure, but maybe even like she was disappointed. I stopped worrying about it, when she said "Well...I want to be fucked!" Then, before I could even think, oh fuck, she said, "I want to feel you inside me, way deep inside me!" And just in case I maybe hadn't understood, she turned to face me, looking right at me as she asked "So, aah, want to fuck me?"

Well yeah, I did...but! But nothing...there was nothing to do but ask; so, I did. "Your cousin told us you were only seventeen...so, well..." I unhappily began. And that's as far as I got, because Dana burst out laughing.

Dana eventually managed to get out, "She only told you guys that because, well because she was afraid the two of you would talk me in to something...I mean, as if!"

Oh yeah, I thought. That sounds like her alright! For sure it was something my wife Jodi, who had only met Dana's cousin a couple of times, but still referred to her as, that snot nosed little prick-tease! Oh sure, she was right; only so what, it didn't help my current situation any. After all; Dana hadn't exactly said that she wasn't seventeen! So I was ready to whoop when she breathed a huffy "men!" And I believed her when she said, "Well you can stop worrying Bob...I'm nineteen!" And really, I almost did, stop worrying that is. Only, I couldn't quite shake this tiny little, but still nagging suspicion that she was up to something. Because, standing there half naked, and looking ready to be fucked, damn straight, she seemed too good to be true!

Dana eyed me; head cocked questioningly, hands on her hips as she waited. Her tits looked so damn inviting, and she had said she was nineteen; so, abandoning my suspicions, I figured what the fuck, and went for it. So, I leaned in and sucked one appetizingly erect nipple in to my mouth. Her fingers were in my hair, a breathy "Mmmmm," buzzing in her throat as my gentle sucking turned more energetically forceful. Those purry sounds of pleasure became panted oohs as I nibbled one rigidly jutting nipple then the other.

I glanced up, and Dana's head was thrown back. Her mouth was open, making an O as she sucked in a ragged breath. So, I kissed her! She grabbed my shoulders, her tongue soft and insistent as it twisted hungrily in my mouth. I caught a fistful of her hair, kissing her hard as I roughly held her head pulled back. And, as I sucked her tongue, punishing her lips with lust driven ferocity, that kiss went incandescent. She returned my kiss eagerly, fingers tangled in my hair as I ran my open palms up and down her naked flanks. Dana pushed back hard against me, wriggling against my obvious erection. And, while part of me wondered if she could feel the heat of my cock burning against her bare belly, I was easing a hand in to her jeans.

Dana's jeans were so loose that I could easily have pushed them right down over her hips. But I didn't; because I knew that if I did, I'd wind up bending her over my desk right then and there. And even if my unambiguous playmate had made it perfectly clear that she was there to be fucked, and as badly as I wanted to fuck her, and fuck her hard, I wanted even more to spin out the sexual game she had initiated. So, I reached for, and discovered an ass that was just as bare as I'd expected it to be. It was a rounded mound of perfection, smooth, velvety soft, and firm enough to bounce quarters off. And because there was enough room in Dana's jeans for two hands, I still had one caressing that sweet bit of tail, while I was discovering that other than a tiny triangle of curls, she was shaved absolutely bare.

I wasn't even inside her yet, and she was unbuttoning and unzipping her jeans. She got them undone, and as they slid down her legs I slid a pair of fingers in to hot wet pussy. I worked them hard, heard her gasp, and began pumping them with quick twisting thrusts. Dana squealed "Wait, wait," stumbling as she tried to step out of the jeans puddled around her feet. But naked is good, and I wanted her naked. So, I stepped back, licking my pussy drenched fingers as she pulled off her tennies and kicked out of her jeans.

Dana reached for me, grabbing my belt with one hand as the other one reached for my pants zipper. She got the zipper down, and with a growl reached in, grabbed my cock, and wrestled it out. And sounding almost breathless she gushed "Ooh, you're big...and oh God, so hard!"

Dana on the other hand was soft, wet, and deliciously tight. And as I continued to work the middle two fingers of one hand in and out of her, she only got hotter and wetter. She rode my fingers, rotating her hips as she tried to grind her clit against my palm. And that would have been just fucking fine, except she was doing that while madly pistoning her fist up and down the length of my ready to explode cock. And right then, splashing a load of cum on to my office's carpeting was not what I had in mind!

I was laughing, but when I caught Dana's wrists it was in self-defense. And, when I pinned her hands behind her back with one hand, she didn't resist. So, I eased her legs even further apart with a foot. Then, I roughly pushed a trio of fingers in to her, heard her gasped "Ooh;" and then, as I finger banged her with hard twisting thrusts a panted trio of sharp aahs. But I was chuckling, fingers barely moving as I told her "You were going to make me cum!" Then, because the little imp was snickering, I ripped my fingers out of her, paused while she gasped, and then hunted-up her clit. I found it, and as Jodi would say "Ooh!" And that's because, Dana's clit was right there, and impossible to miss. So naturally I assumed that was because it was already aroused. But then, what did I know?

Oblivious, I began to work Dana's exceedingly accessible clit over with a rapidly spinning fingertip. Her eyes closed, she began to pant, and that's when I told her "I want you to blow me!"

"Uh-huh," she gasped out. And then, instead of calling me a pussy teasing bastard, she announced "Only...well, you're still gonna have to fuck me you know!" But by then she was already on her knees, grinning and looking up at me.

I have to admit that at least part of the reason I insisted on that blowjob was because, for some silly reason, I figured that if Dana blew me, well then, she couldn't possibly have any nefarious alternative motives...as if! So, I was feeling just a wee bit guilty as I met her gaze. But at least, I meant it when I told her "Baby, you can absolutely count on getting that fuck...but first..."

Hurriedly I unbuckled my belt, unfastened the button, and began to push my pants and underwear down. Dana let me, and then reached for my hips, swooping in and closing her lips around the head of my cock. And maybe she figured she had something to prove, because her lips went right on sliding downward, stopping only when she ran out of cock. By then, I knew it was going to be a very short-lived blowjob. Well, it would have been if the phone hadn't interrupted my Young, head bobbing, cock swallowing playmate. I wasn't planning on answering it, that's what employees are for! But, then, the intercom light lit up. "Yo Boss," Tawny my snickering store manager said. "It's your wife Jodi on line one!" Then, before I could tell her to tell Jodi that I was tied-up she had hung up.

Dana hadn't reacted, but I figured she had heard. And that left me wondering if she remembered, or had even believed that Jodi and I had a sexually open marriage. I hoped so; because, assuming Dana didn't freak out, just the thought of talking to my wife while Dana sucked my dick was a total turn-on!

"Go ahead," said Dana, and I thought just a little bit caustically. "Don't let me stop you!"

Leaving Jodi on hold wasn't an option, and that left me with two choices. But, confident in my appraisal of Dana, instead of picking up the phone, I reached over and punched the speaker phone button. "Hi honey," I said, wishing she knew a hot nineteen year old had just sucked my balls in to her mouth. If only; but at least Dana was softly there, sucking as I asked "What's up?"

"Well, we just finished our workout, but now Jackie doesn't want to go for drinks after all! So...what do you think, want some company?"

Dana was snickering softly, which at least didn't stop her from slowly working her fist up and down my cock's spit slickened shaft. I wondered if Jodi could hear Dana snickering, knowing it would arouse her curiosity. "I'm sort of tied up at the moment," I told her. That was our code for; I'm in the middle of something sexual.

Jodi played dumb, and instead of saying something like, Ok darling, see you later, and you can tell me all about your hard night, she said "Oh I don't know, maybe I'll just drop by later...you know, and maybe see if you've got anything new to play with!" And then, with a "We'll see," she hung up, leaving me anxious and wondering what to tell Dana.

"She knows you're with someone, huh," Dana asked. "So, like what happens if she shows up...I mean, I don't suppose she's like going to freak out or anything?"

"She definitely wouldn't freak," I told Dana. And then, with a flip of my hips, I pushed the head of my cock back in to her mouth. And knowing that I was about to tell a little white lie, I began to pop half thrusts in and out of Dana's mouth. Then, already beginning to seriously fuck her mouth, I told her "Besides, if she shows, she'll probably just want to watch anyway!" Sure, Jodi likes to watch, just not as much as she likes being watched, and definitely not as much as she likes being part of the action. Only, I didn't think Dana needed to know that!

If the prospect of my wife showing up bothered Dana she sure didn't let it show. On the contrary, looking almost orgasmic, she launched an all-out assault on my cock and balls. Holding my cock out of her way, she swirled a wickedly flicking tongue around a conveniently dangling pair of balls. Then, still holding on to a fistful of cock, she whipped her tongue around its precum oozing head. Looking like a kid with a melting ice cream cone she lapped up that bit of precum. And after smacking her lips, she slid her fist up my cock's shaft, already popping its head in and out of her mouth. Then, grabbing for my butt, she sent her cum flavored treat plunging in to her throat. Rocketing her lips up and down my full length, she did it a second, and then a third time. But as she went for number four, with the head of my cock still in her mouth, bellowing a "Yes" loud enough to be heard out on the sales floor, I erupted a spurting gusher of cum. Not that she let that stop her from driving the cum spurting thing right back in to her throat. And there it stayed, blasting out what to me felt like positively volcanic eruptions of the white stuff.

Gazing up at me, Dana snapped a finger against my fast deflating cock, looking pouty as she asked "Well?"

I knew what she was really asking. So, I told her "Chill Baby!" And even if I was laughing when I said it, I meant it when I told her "I wouldn't have fucked you without making you cum a couple of times first anyway!"

Dana jutted out a pouty lip, theatrically sniffling as she teased "Uh-huh, well, you're going to have to prove it mister!"

I was standing there feeling like a dork, because my pants were down around my knees. So, while I hopped about doing a hurried striptease, I told a snickering Dana "Park your pretty little ass in my chair!"

Dana complied with a snort, and a challenging "Uh-huh!"

Dana scooted forward, leaning back as she stretched out what I finally realized were a pair of seriously ripped legs. I knelt between those sleekly muscled beauties, and she settled her feet on my shoulders. With her knees slightly splayed out her pussy was perfectly, and of course utterly exposed. And when I paused to take in the view, a brazenly shameless Dana reached down and spread herself wide-open, peeling back soft pink labia, exposing her vagina's wetly glistening opening and a tasty looking bit of conspicuously aroused clit. "You like," she asked. Then, while I nodded "Uh-huh, well you just better be good!"

Actions speak louder than words...right? Sure they do, just not louder than a climaxing Dana. Anyway, I rested my hands on her exposed inner thighs, skipped the preliminary's, and went right after that jutting nub of clit. And I began to wonder if enlarged was its natural state; because, as I swirled the flicking tip of my tongue over it, I felt it swell up and harden. I continued to lick, first slow, then faster, and then, when Dana began to chant yeses, faster still. Then, when I began to gently suck on it, Dana's back arched, legs straining as she pushed hard against my shoulders. And apparently I had guessed right about my playmate's acute case of the hornies. Anyway it was as if she was on a hair-trigger; because, right after I started sucking on her orgasmic trigger, Dana went off with all the subtlety of a nitroglycerin charge. She was screaming "Oh fuck" over and over, tugging on my hair, as her soccer player's legs threatened to push us apart. And maybe she'd stopped cuming, but just in case, I wrapped my arms around her thighs, held on tight, and went right back to licking and sucking. Dana continued to buck and thrash, hands above her head, clutching the back of my chair as she came a second and then a third time. And not wanting to spoil her, I stopped...well, I stopped eating pussy anyway!

I was real tired of fighting Dana's legs; so, while she fought to catch her breath, I slid my hands up behind her knees, and sort of rolled her up. And I was teasingly rimming her asshole, listening to her murmuring "Mmmmm," when the intercom buzzed. "Yo Boss, its closing time," Tawny's voice informed me.

Before I could say or do anything, Dana wriggled out of my grasp, scrambled around and was up on her knees reaching for the phone. "Yo it's Tawny...right," Dana sarcastically asked. "Well, the Boss is busy; so like, handle it!"

I was still on my knees, wanting to bury my face in my hands. Instead, I was eyeing the vista of erotic delights my kneeling playmate had on display as she leaned over the back of my chair. And, after a pause, Tawny replied "Yes ma'am, I'm on it!"
