 As this is my first post of a story, I'd like to hear feedback. This is totally a work of fiction and intended as part 1 of the story.

Kari stood by the doorway as she surveyed the room. Val had invited her here but she wasn't sure what she should do now that she had arrived. She spotted herself in the mirror in the foyer, convinced that her choice to wear the tight black skirt without stockings was the right one. She admired her cleavage in the low-cut tight red shirt, knowing her nipples would poke through to entice the men.

Little did she know that her braless display would also attract the attention of a woman. She spotted the blonde with the short cropped hair standing in the corner, sipping a drink as she walked out to the porch, eying her seductively. Kari wasn't used to such glances but she Val had a friend who gave her the same look, who she knew was a lesbian. It never got her aroused, but this woman was somehow different.

The blonde sensed something as Kari looked away shyly and she approached.

"Hi. My name is Beth, " she said, as she crept up, seeing Kari grasping a drink from the bartender. "He's hot isn't he?"

"Uh...yes...but I guess a lot of guys here are, " Kari said, uncomfortably. She held out her hand and introduced herself.

"I'm Kari. My friend Val invited me here. But I don't see her anywhere. Do you know the host?" she asked.

"Well, yes, I do. The host is my brother's friend from college. He has these parties about three times a year and everyone looks forward to them, " Beth said, smiling at the Kari's seemed innocence.

"It's quite a place, " she said, remembering how stunning the large house looked from the street. "And he must have almost fifty people here. Val said these parties are great, but it doesn't look all that unusual to me so far."

"Let me show you something, then, " Beth said, taking the drink from Kari's hand and setting it on the bar. She took Kari's hand and led her inside to a door by the stairs in the kitchen. She guided her inside into a dark stairwell.

Kari was a bit unsure about going with this woman, who seemed in her late twenties, at least five years older than her, into the dark reaches of the house. But she was curious, and more than a little aroused by the woman, whose hands gently stroked her arm as she led her up the stairs. Kari could see the outline of her thong in her tight white pants as they ascended.

They reached the top of the hallway and Kari noticed two couples, in various states of undress, kissing and groping one another in the hallway. Beth looked into Kari's eyes, seeing her discomfort at the public displays.

"This is just a prelude, " she said as they approached the third door on the right. Beth placed her hand on the doorknob and opened it slowly. The room was dimly lit, but Kari could clearly make out three figures lying on the bed.

Kari drew in a deep breath as Beth clutched her hand tightly and paused just inside the door. A blindfolded woman with long kinky red hair was laying on a plush white mattress on the floor while another women knelt beside of her. She was rubbing what looked like oil over the blindfolded woman's chest, her full breasts and small dark red nipples gleaming in the dim light of the room. Kari suddenly realized that the blindfolded woman was actually Val, and a look of panic swept over her face.

"Oh my god...I didn't know...." Kari said, nearly speechless at the sight.

"Didn't know what?" Beth asked. "You didn't know your friend liked to be touched like that?"

Val was clearly enjoying the sensations as she tossed her head lightly from side to side as the hands grasped her breasts, kneading them in the oil. The woman looked up at Beth, then at Kari, and smiled, resuming her sensual massage. Kari suddenly realized that Val and Beth must have planned this somehow, to coax her into coming here.

"I didn't know this was going to be that kind of party...." Kari said, taken aback by the sudden lust overtaking her, her breath growing heavy as her breasts heaved under the shirt.

"It's okay....just watch for a moment, " Beth said, running a soothing reassuring hand down Kari's back. Kari suddenly felt very hot, as if the temperature in the room had just gone up a hundred degrees with the touch of the hand. She felt a bead of sweat form on her neck.

Beth lightly pulled Kari's hand along as she slowly walked to a couch that sat just beyond where Val's head lay on the mattress. They sat as Kari's mind grew hazy with the lust building inside her. She noticed a faint sound of classical music playing in the room as her eyes moved down to Val.

She had always admired Val's looks but this scene gave her an entirely different view of her. Val's full C-cup breasts were glistening with oil, her small tight red nipples erect. From her angle Kari could see the the small bumps around Val's areolas as the light shined down from the ceiling. Kari was surprised at how intense the urge within her built to reach out and touch them.

The woman reached her oily hands down to the sides of Val's silky red thong and slowly eased it down her legs. Val's sex was trimmed neatly, with just a light layer of short brown hair along the sides of her soft lower lips. Her arousal was clear for all to see, her slick folds swollen and pink. The woman lightly ran her hands over them as Val eased her legs further apart, her body encouraging the woman to continue.

Beth began to nibble the side of Kari's neck as her hand slid up the outside of her thigh and under her skirt. Kari had always found women attractive but this was the first time she had ever been touched like this by one. She felt a flood of heat and moisture tingling in her sex as Beth's hand rose up to her hip, grasping the string of her thong. Kari whimpered as Beth whispered in her ear her admiration of Kari's tight sexy body.

The woman on the bed was now inserting a two fingers into Val's hungry pussy, using her other hand to tweak her clitoris. Val's moans were getting louder as Beth's hand moved toward Kari's center, grazing the silky material covering her mons. Kari leaned back and closed her eyes for a moment, enjoying the sensation as Beth eased a finger under the thong.

Val suddenly jerked her head up on the mattress and started to emit loud cries of pleasure as her orgasm neared.

"Oh.....oh.....oh, god....don't....don't stop.....ohmigod....Aaaaahhhhhh!"

A gasp escaped Kari's lips as Val convulsed in pleasure, three fingers of the woman's hand now firmly in place inside her as she held her softly. Beth's fingers were now running through Kari's own drenched sex, her arm easing the material of her skirt up over her ass. Kari felt herself giving in to Beth's manipulations as she allowed her to unbutton her skirt and remove it.

The woman on the bed was now turning Val over and placed two plush pillows up under her hips. Val was turned facing Beth and Kari on the couch, though still blindfolded. The woman picked up her bottle of oil from the floor and squeezed a healthy amount onto the small of Val's back. She glided her hand down over Val's upturned ass and Kari noticed how firm and round it looked, as she had never seen Val naked before. It excited her, and she felt herself lifting her hips up to assist Beth, who crouched to kneel in front of her as she removed Kari's thong.

Beth dropped the thong to the floor and reached up with her hand, cupping Kari's shaved sex, lightly stroking it. She turned around looking at Val and reaching a hand out to her. Her hand moved up to Val's chin and lightly caressed it as she eased the blindfold up over her eyes. Val's eyes adjusted and then moved up, looking Kari in the eye and smiling as Kari realized that she and Val were now sharing this experience together.

Beth turned back and forcefully separated Kari's outstretched legs. She placed her hands on Kari's inner thighs while she bent her head, running her tongue over her swelling clitoris. Kari arched her back, pushing her mound forward toward Beth's mouth. She needed something, anything, in her pussy as it ached for attention. Kari gasped as Val's mouth opened, the woman behind her now spreading the oil over her ass and working a finger slowly into her tight rear hole.

Kari looked up and realized that a man had entered the room and was standing next to her. He wore a robe and looked about thirty years old, at least four or five years older than her. Tall, with broad shoulders and short black hair. He moved his hand down to her shirt and, looking with his intense blue eyes into hers, peeled it up over her head.

Kari was now totally naked, just like Val, and she knew there was no turning back after this. She was now lost in her own heat, ready for whatever may come. Beth stood as the man standing next to her fondled her bare breasts, roughly pulling on her erect nipples. The man moved down to where Beth had been previously, between Kari's legs. He lay down on his back, Val's own head laying just inches above him. Val bent her head and kissed him on his lips, running her hand through his hair, as Beth reached down to undo the belt on the robe.

Beth swung the robe open and revealed his naked, chiseled body to Kari's eager eyes. They traveled down over his muscular lightly haired chest to his tight abdomen, whose muscles curved artfully down into his pubic hair. Kari's eyes widened with wonder at the magnificent cock that lay there between his legs. 

The head was wide and circumcised, with a light purplish hue. The shaft was lined with several dark veins as it pointed up into the air. Beth's mouth was up against Kari's lips as she whispered instructions.

"Get up on that cock....ride him....you want it don't you?" Beth whispered as her finger tweaked Kari's clit.

"Oh....my god.....Yessss...." was all that Kari could muster from her foggy mind as she looked down at the cock, then back up at Val, who was distracted by the woman behind her, who was about to bring her to a second orgasm.

Kari stood and looked down at the massive thing below her. She brought her hands down to it, amazed at the way it twitched under her touch. She slowly lowered herself down to her knees, straddling his narrow hips. She ground her dripping sex up and down the shaft, letting her healthy juices coat the shaft.

She lifted herself up over the man's large cock and reached down to open her slippery lips, guiding the head to the entrance. She shuddered as she methodically slid down on the shaft. She started to make soft mewing sounds as it ground deeper, into the depths of her canal. She stopped suddenly, sensing resistance as the cock reached depths never before touched inside of her.

She bucked and gyrated, savoring the sensation of being filled with his wide girth. Beth slid down to kneel next to her and tweaked one of her sensitive hardened nipples with her small fingers. Kari started to take an up and down motion on it, careful not to let the cock press too far inside.

Val screamed with her second orgasm, her eyes glued shut as the waves poured over her. Similar sounds started to escape Kari's throat as she also neared orgasm due to the gentle but heavenly feelings stirring inside her. Val looked up to see Kari's swaying head, a look of wonder and nervousness in her eyes as her orgasm approached. She locked eyes with Val as she screamed.

"Oh....oh.....oh god....oh my god....please....ughhhhh....aaaaaarrrggghhhh...."

The orgasm tore through Kari as she spasmed wildly over the cock inside her. She collapsed, temporarily spent from the intensity of the moment. The man grasped her hips and turned her, her head now lying in the same place his was. Val looked down Kari's body, glistening with her perspiration as the man suddenly became wild, animalistic as he plunged the cock forward.

Kari suddenly began to protest.

"No....no....oh god....it's too big....oh god...I....I...."

The man was grunting now and Val reached her hand down to Kari's face, caressing her as she was brutally fucked underneath her.

"Ok, Kari....let it happen...just enjoy it...."

With that, the man pushed forward in one last thrust and came, filling Kari's insides with his semen. At that, Kari screamed again, much louder than the first as her body clenched, the muscles in her neck straining as another orgasm ripped through her.

After his cock began to reduce to its flaccid size the man started to withdraw, leaving a trail of cum along the side of Kari's leg. He stood and slowly backed away, taking a seat on the couch. Val planted a warm kiss on Kari's lips.

"Glad you could join us, " Val said, as Kari pondered what may happen next.