 Dawn had been working a job that she hated, and had finally found a new job. Her last day of work also happened to be my last day of a long and difficult semester. My final final ended at 4:00, and we decided we would have plenty of reasons to celebrate. We hired a sitter to watch our kids, and told her we would be home by 8:00pm. 

The night before, I secretly bought her a new little black dress that she had tried on several weeks earlier, a dress which had turned me on to no end when I saw her in it. I discretely placed the dress in the trunk of her car before she left for work, and left a note in the bag for her to put the dress on after she was done with work with nothing on underneath. I then sent her an email later in the day to look in the trunk, there was a surprise for her, and that I was really looking forward to see her once I was finished.

The day slowly crawled by, and I found it difficult to continue studying knowing what would be waiting for me, but it finally ended. Finally, I was finished and jumped in my car and raced to the bar that we were meeting at. Dawn had left work at least an hour before I was able to leave school, so would have a good head start on me. I got to the bar, jumped out of the car, and hurried inside. 

When I got inside, I saw her almost immediately. She was standing against the bar, and looked absolutely stunning in her tight black dress with a nearly empty drink in her hand and a smile on her face. As I stood there for a moment admiring how beautiful she looked, I was surprised to see a guy walk up to her, hand her a drink, and lean over to speak into her ear. Interested in this turn, I took a seat and watched to see what was happening. Smiling, she leaned into him, placed a hand on his arm, and replied to him. Whatever she said caused him to throw his head back and laugh loudly. As he was laughing, a second guy walked up behind her and placed his hand on her shoulder. She turned her head to face him, and looked absolutely radiant as she spoke to him as well. 

I decided that I had played the voyeur log enough and left my position at the bar to join her. As I walked up, she noticed me, left the two guys, and gave me a huge hug. With her nearly naked body pressed up against me, I couldn't help but notice how warm she felt and how hard her nipples were. I allowed my hand to surreptitiously move up her side to cup a breast and gave her a deep kiss. We broke the kiss and she told me how glad she was that I was finally here, then told me she had some new friends she wanted me to meet. I glanced over her shoulder and saw the two guys looking disappointed while speaking to each other. I told her that I had been watching her for several minutes and that she looked beyond sexy sandwiched between these two guys, and that I would love to meet anybody that could make her look so hot. 

With a huge smile on her face, she kissed me again, then grabbed my hand and led me over to her new friends. The look on their faces was absolutely priceless as they both looked crestfallen at seeing her slip through their hands that easily. She introduced me to Justin first, a tall dark skinned, very attractive man in his early 20's with deep brown eyes. We shook hands and said that it was nice to meet him. She then introduced me to Dan, and I was immediately taken aback by how muscular he was. He was not as tall as me or Justin who both stood a few inches over six feet, but was still taller than Dawn. We made a little chit chat and I thanked them for looking after to my wife until I could finally get there. They told me that it had been their pleasure to spend time with such a beautiful woman. Justin offered to buy me a drink, and we moved to a different section of the bar with tables. We all sat down in a booth, me first then Dawn with Justin sitting on her other side. Dan took up a position next to me. We talked for awhile about this and that, until Dawn said that she wanted to dance. Since Justin had to move for her to get out, he got the first opportunity to dance with the goddess in black. 

They moved out to the dance floor together to a song with a quick beat. She began by seductively shaking her hips, before slowly pirouetting with her arms raised above her head. Justin moved in behind her and placed his hands on her hips, halting her spin while moving in time with her movements. They danced as one body with him holding onto her hips while she reached behind her head to hold his head close to her. They continue in this fashion, completely oblivious to all others around them with her making her arousal more than obvious to any that were watching. For our parts, Dan and I sat back and watched as the sexual show unfurled in front of us. 

Too soon, the song ended, and Dan silently got up to join the entwined couple. Dawn slowly spun around to face Justin, whose hands had never left her hips, and placed her arms around his neck. Dan took up his position behind her and began running his hands up and down both sides of her body, never quite touching the her breasts, but lightly running his hands across the bulge her breasts created. Justin's hands meanwhile had begun moving downward, lightly brushing across her ass, then moving down to her thighs before moving up again. Dawn was still slowly gyrating with her eyes closed completely lost in the light touches caressing her body, but never quite touching her in the areas she really wanted to be touched in. 

I watched them seduce my wife for another song before deciding it was time for me to move in. I moved to the trio and said that I wanted this dance. Without a word, the guys released her and returned to the table while I took her in my arms to dance a slow song. Her eyes were still closed, and her breathing was ragged. I use done finger to raise her lips to me, and lightly planted a kiss on her quivering lips. She slowly opened her eyes, and I saw that they were completely glazed over, and that she was having a hard time focusing on me. I asked her if she wanted this, and she said more than anything else that she had ever wanted. I told her that it was time to leave as we told the sitter we would be home by 8:00, and that I would take care of the guys. I walked her back to the table where I told Dan and Justin that she wanted to fuck all of us tonight, but that I had a few things to care of at home before then. I drew them a map to our house, and told them to wait a half an hour before showing up.

Dawn then leaned over and gave each of the guys a lingering kiss, before I took her by the arm and led her to the car. I opened her door, helped her in the car, shut the door and got in. We did not speak at all on the way home, as soon after we pulled out of the parking lot she had hiked her dress up to expose her pussy which was dripping. The entire ride home, she lightly rubbed the outer lips and her clit, never allowing herself to come, but keeping her pussy at a perpetual state of arousal. We finally got home, and she went right into the bedroom. I paid the babysitter, put the kids to bed and waited for the doorbell to ring. Meanwhile, Dawn had come out of the room having taken a shower and changed into a sexy nightgown. She walked up to me, grabbed me by the head and furiously kissed me with more passion than I had ever known. She kissed me for several minutes before moving to my ears and neck which she lightly nibbled on. She continued her trail of kisses as she unbuttoned my shirt, paying attention to each of my nipples before continuing down my body. While moving down, she was removing my pants, and was rewarded with a stiff 8" cock waiting for her warm mouth to cover it. She wasted no time at all engulfing my cock with her mouth, and this is the position we were in when Dan and Justin arrived. 

Since we were in the living room, visible to the outside, Dan and Justin just walked right in the front door. I helped Dawn to her feet and we all moved to the bedroom. Once in the bedroom, she dropped again to her knees in front of me and before taking my dick back in her mouth told the others to remove their clothes. Dan and Justin began stripping down, with Dawn watching their bodies emerge while never releasing her mouths hold on my shaft. As I had noted when I first met Dan, he was very muscular with a rock hard body. The hardness of his body was nothing compared to the hardness of his staff which proudly stood out at 7", but slightly thicker than mine. I was only able to compare sizes for a moment though as Dawn quickly moved over to swallow his cock while fisting mine. Justin for his part was in no hurry to get undressed, slowly removing each piece one at a time. When he took his shirt off, he displayed a very well defined 6-pack stomach and a nicely defined chest lightly covered with dark hair. He then dropped his pants showing that there was something special hidden in his briefs, if the size of the outline was any indication of the actual thing. Once his pants were completely off, folded up neatly and placed on the dresser, he approached us again. Dawn's eyes never left him, while her mouth never left Dan's cock.

Justin then removed his briefs allowing a semi-hard 7" cock to be released. If I was amazed at his abs, I was mesmerized by the size of this guys cock. Dawn released my shaft from her grip and reached out to touch his while still blowing Dan. Her initial touch caused Justin's dick to jump and she attempted to encircle his penis with her hand. Releasing Dan's cock from the blowjob he was receiving, she leaned over and swirled her tongue over the head of Justin's quickly hardening tool. She released Justin's cock and reached over to grab the other two cocks pointing at her, then dropped her mouth over Justin's dick. Her cheeks bulged from the sheer mass of the monster that she had willingly stuck in her mouth as her hands began pumping our cocks in unison. Justin began breathing harder and harder as her mouth continued to bob up and down. I could see her tongue escape her lips every now and then to lick the underside of his cock while she was giving an expert blowjob. 

After several minutes of slobbering all over Justin's meat, Dawn stopped and said that she wanted two dicks in her mouth. Since Justin just got a world-class blowjob, and his tool was too large to fit in her mouth with another cock, Dan and I were the recipients of a double blowjob. Dawn first took Dan in her mouth before I leaned forward and squeezed my dick in her now distended mouth. She pulled us closer to her so that we were almost hip to hip allowing her to move her mouth up and down on the two cocks that were shoved in it. Justin had meanwhile moved to the bed and was lying back stroking his 11" cock while watching us. Dawn started drooling all over while giving double head and decided that it was time her overheated pussy received some attention.

She stood up, removed her nightgown, and moved to the bed where Justin was patiently fisting his enlarged dick. She leaned over it and slathered the head in spit before moving up on the bed to straddle him. Ever so slowly, she lowered her dripping wet pussy over his monster cock, pausing every few seconds to adjust to the sheer size of the pole that was penetrating her. Her eyes were closed the entire time, her mouth gasping for air. After what seemed like forever, she had finally fitted the entire thing in her stretched cunt. She began grinding back and forth on his shaft, and said that she needed some more cock. Dan and I quickly climbed up on the bad and stood on each side of her head, offering her our hard cocks. She quickly took my dick in her mouth and started bobbing her head up and down on it, while simultaneously beginning to slide her pussy up and down on Justin's cock. She was began to shake from the effect he was having on her, and all but exploded when Justin reached down and started rubbing her clit.

She released her mouth hold on Dan so she could succumb to her long anticipated orgasm. Dan and I reached down and began pinching her nipples while Justin continued fucking her while rubbing her clit. Her orgasm continued and continued for at least a minute, by the end of it she was laying across Justin's chest panting. Justin continued plowing into her the entire time and announced that he was ready to cum. Dawn panted not to cum in her, but to pull out. He asked where and she said she wanted to see if his cum was as amazing as the rest of him, so she wanted it in her mouth. He rolled her off of him pulled out and quickly moved up to her head. With a single stroke, he was cumming in her mouth while she attempted to swallow all of it while still panting from her orgasm. Once he stopped surging, she grabbed his cock and shoved it into her mouth to clean him off and get the rest of the cum that he had to offer. She laid back and told him he better be ready for more because she wanted more of his dick after Dan and I had our turns. He promised he would be ready (he was still hard), and stepped back for a moment to watch us.

Dan and I looked at Dawn laying there with cum trickling out of her mouth, then looked at each other. I nodded at him, then nodded towards her wet hole. He got the hint immediately and moved into position to penetrate her. He took a hold of both of her legs and spread them as wide as he could. She grasped his hard cock and started rubbing the head back and forth over her clit, reveling in the stimulation. She reached down with her other hand, and with both hands firmly wrapped around his dick guided him into her folds. With a contented sigh, she received his thrusts, then looked at me expectantly. I angled my cock towards her mouth which she willingly accepted. Dan was now fucking her hard and with her legs spread, was able to deeply thrust into her hot box. Meanwhile, I was receiving the best blowjob she had ever given me as she was doing all she could to deep throat my cock. Apparently her experience with Justin's monster had taught her something, or maybe she was just so horny tonight that she felt she could do anything. Whatever it was, I didn't care, all I knew was that I was getting the greatest blowjob I had ever gotten and did not want it to stop.

She was really slobbering all over my dick, and with her free hand wiped up some spit. I assumed she was going to use it to rub her clit with, but received the surprise of my life when she reached around me with her wet finger and stuck it up my ass. With the unexpected intrusion in my rectum, I tensed. Coupled with the incredible blowjob I was getting, I came. I came a lot, with all of it going down her throat as she never released my cock from between her lips, and kept on sucking while I came. She sucked me dry, pulled her finger out of my ass, and I nearly fell off the bed from the sensation overload. I struggled to an upright position, looked at her, but was already forgotten as she was nearing another orgasm with Dan inside of her. He grunted that he couldn't last much longer, she begged him to hold off long enough to finish her off. With a superhuman effort, he held back his impending orgasm to grant her wish, dropped her legs, laid on top her, and reached under her to shove his finger up her ass. This was what she needed to get over the edge and came with him plowing into her pussy while fingering her ass. He said he couldn't hold off anymore, and pulled out of her just in time to launch a huge stream of cum that landed in her hair. The second shot wasn't much weaker and landed on her throat, with the third and fourth spurts landing on her belly.

With two loads of cum in her belly and covered from head to stomach in cum, she began begging for one more round. Justin had never softened and was more than ready to mount her again. He told her to flip over and stick her ass up in the air. He got behind her, spit on his dick and shoved, it into her puffy lips with one thrust. The sudden intrusion of his huge dick and the fullness it provided immediately brought on another orgasm for her. He began plowing into her while she collapsed on her belly experiencing one continuous climax. She managed to whimper to me and Dan that whoever could get their dick fully hard first would get her ass while Justin plowed her pussy. Justin got the hint and moved off of her then lay down next to her on his back. She lay there for a moment trembling from the pleasure before regaining enough strength to throw a leg over him and remount his impressive pole. Without much fanfare, she settled all the way down and let him slowly fuck into her. 

Luckily for me, this was my fantasy to double penetrate my wife, and I had no problem getting hard once she made the offer. I lubed up my dick until it was slimy, rubbed some of her cum in her ass and lined up for the penetration. Justin stopped moving for a second (much to her displeasure) allowing me to poke the head of my dick into her ass. There was a brief moment of resistance, but then her muscle relaxed enough to allow me full access. She exhaled a deep breath with the feeling of both of our cocks in her, then began moving a little to give us the hint. Justin started sawing back and forth, with me moving opposite of him. She asked Dan to come to her so she could swallow his cum. She was too tired to orgasm anymore, but with all three dicks in her, she was still content. With her using her now famous blowjob technique on Dan, he was the first to blow. Again, she swallowed it all. The feeling of being in her ass while she was being fucked by another cock and seeing her swallow a load of cum was too much for me and I pulled out to cum all over her ass. I stroked myself a few more times to make sure that I was finished, then extracted myself from the moving couple. Now free to move, Justin started plowing her at a furious pace. She begged him to cum, and asked him to cum one more time in her mouth as he tasted so good. Her request gave him the impetus to let go, and he told her he was ready. She crawled off of him, again laid on her back, while he moved up to her beautiful face. I noticed that Dan's cum was all over Justin, but soon forgot all about it as he stuck his dick in her mouth one last time and began cumming. She told a tender hold of his dick, and licked the entire thing from head to base to clean him off, then smiled and thanked them both for taking such good care of her. She stepped into the shower while Dan and Justin got dressed, and I walked them to the door to see them out. I thanked them as well for making her so happy, they said anytime, that she was an incredible woman and they were gone. 

By the time I returned to the bedroom, Dawn was asleep with a smile on her face.