 The last week of school had been more stressful than Megan would have imagined. It seemed to her that she should have been able to cruise through and ease into summer vacation, but that hadn't turned out to be the case. The amount of paper work at this time of the year was mind boggling. Add to that the parents who suddenly became concerned with their kids' education only after being informed that they were being held back, and this last week seemed almost more stressful than the first. Looking back, that first week seemed like it was both a million years ago and just yesterday at the same time. There had been times when she had thought that she would never make it. 

But now, pulling out of the parking lot, she realized that it was truly over. She had not only survived, she actually felt that she had made a difference for at least some of her kids. It would have been nice though, if teaching was as financially rewarding as it was personally rewarding. As a matter of fact, that was one of the issues that she and Allen periodically discussed. According to him they were discussions, although they seemed like arguments to her. He thought that her teaching career really wasn't necessary. In fact, with all the money that he was pulling in, her salary really didn't make much of a difference at all. What he really wanted her to do was to stay at home, have some babies, and let him take care of everything.

That reminded her, she should call Allen and give him directions if was going to be able to stop by the get-together at Martin's place. She pulled out her cell and gave Allen a call.

"Hey kid, how are you?" Allen said, answering the phone.

"Great, I'm finally finished, can you believe it?" Megan responded.

"Congratulations, and now it's on to the best part of teaching huh? Summer vacation?" That annoyed her somewhat. He really seemed to have no respect for what she did. Even when he was congratulating her, there had to be some negative comment. But maybe she was taking it the wrong way. Summer vacation was a pretty nice perk. 

"Do you think you'll be able to get over to Martin's? I'm on my way over now," she said.

"Yeah, that sounds like a great time. I'd love to go hang out with Martin and all his little fruitcake friends," he said. And then, "You know I don't get out until late though."

"It's probably better that you don't come if that's how you're going to be," she told him, bothered that he could be such a bigot.

"I'm just messing around. You can be so sanctimonious. But honestly, that really doesn't sound like my scene. Besides, it's all just people from school right? I won't know anyone."

She thought about mentioning all the work related functions she'd gone to with him. Instead she said, "I know sweetie, I just thought I'd ask and see if you were interested." What she really wanted was to relax and have a good time and she realized that she probably wouldn't if he was around. It was a sad fact, but one that was becoming increasingly apparent.

"Ok, I'll see you at home then. Bye-bye."

"Bye," she said, and hung up the phone as she was pulling up to Martin's place. It was a nice little ranch with more types of foliage in the front yard than she could name. The path to the front door was like a walk through a botanical garden. A sign on the door said to let yourself in, so she did, and started through towards the backyard.

As she stepped onto the patio Martin welcomed her and escorted her over to the mini-bar. "I was just about to make some celebratory chocolate martinis. Can I tempt you with one?" he asked.

This having been her first year, Megan had made a point out of not drinking much at all at work functions. At the Christmas party she had allowed her self one glass of wine and on a few occasions she had gone to happy hour with the members of her grade team. This was in stark contrast to a number of colleagues who took every opportunity to imbibe. She had been shocked at the number of teachers who had a few drinks at lunch on teacher work days and then returned for staff meetings. The principal tended to make remarks about what a fun staff he had and Megan was never quite sure if he was aware how lit they usually were.

"That sounds wonderful," she said as she sat down at the bar.

"Be careful darling, those things are deadly," she was warned by warm voice with a slightly southern drawl. A tall man, probably in his early forties had come up beside her at the bar. He had dark hair, a neatly trimmed moustache, and his hair was going slightly grey. 

Megan turned towards him to get a better view. "Thank you for your concern," she said smiling, "But I think that might be exactly what I need."

He smiled and nodded slightly. "I'm sure you're more than capable of handling your liquor. I just felt it my duty as a southern gentleman to warn you." Then, turning to Martin he said, "You're mother is on the phone."

Martin, who had just finished shaking the tumbler, set it down on the bar. "Feel free to pour your own drinks ladies," he said and then Megan watched as the two men walked inside.

"Don't bother honey, he's definitely taken," said Allison as she began pouring the drinks. She was a 5th grade teacher and, like Megan, was one of only a handful of teachers at school who were in their twenties. 

"And he's definitely gay," added Anne, a middle-aged matronly figure, who taught science.

Allison raised her eyebrows. "I don't know about that. I've heard that he has enjoyed the ladies in the past." Anne laughed and shook her head. 

One thing that Megan had learned was that Allison seemed to know everything about everyone at work. "Was that Martin's boyfriend? What's his name?"

"His name is William Cook," Answered Allison. "Martin has been with William for over ten years now."

Allison had intended to be more social but the three women became engrossed in conversations that grew progressively less concerned with pedagogy with each round of drinks. Megan didn't know if they were on their third of fourth drink when Allison steered the subject towards the size of gay men's equipment.

"I think the general consensus among people who know about these things is that gay men tend to be significantly more endowed than straight men," she said.

"And who are these people who seem to know so much?" Anne asked.

"Oh come on Anne, it's common knowledge," she responded. "Megan, tell her that it's common knowledge. 

Megan, who was trying to take a sip of her drink, laughed and set it down. "I'm not the one to ask."

"Well, how big is Allen?" Allison inquired.

Anne rolled her eyes. "Good lord Allison! Don't ask the poor girl things like that. I think you've had enough to drink."

"I certainly have not," Allison responded. "Besides, this is right up your alley. We're conducting a scientific poll."

Anne laughed. "It's not scientific at all. Questioning one person is hardly the way to conduct a poll."

"Oh be quite, school is out." Allison said.

"I'll drink to that!" said Megan and started to mix another drink. 

"Seriously though, how big is Allen?" Allison asked and three burst out laughing.

Megan thought for a second. This past year she had managed to convey the image she had thought most prudent for a first year teacher. In every situation she had come across as professional towards her colleagues and nurturing with her students. Maybe it was the end of the school year or maybe it was the alcohol, but she was feeling free to be her self for the first time since starting work. "Let's just say that if your theory is true, then there's absolutely no chance that Allen is gay," And the three broke out into more laughter.

"You three are having entirely too much fun," said Martin as he walked up to the bar.

"Where have you been?" Anne asked him.

"Oh, saying good-byes, giving the grand tour, playing the gracious host. You name it."

Megan began to pour another round for everyone but Anne waved the tumbler away and told them that she really should get going. She said her good-byes and suggested that Allison ride home with her since they lived near each other. Allison declined her offer so Anne cautioned everyone to stay safe and headed home. 

A minute later William walked over to the where they were sitting. Megan found herself staring at his groin. He sat down next to her and it took her a moment to realize that she should take her eyes away from his lap. From what she could tell, it seemed like Allison's theory had some merit.

"My name is William," he said and held out his hand. "I don't think we've been properly introduced."

"Oh, I'm sorry, this is Megan," Martin told him. 

Megan took his hand with, stared at his dark brown eyes, and told William that she was very pleased to meet him.

"Well, apparently we're the only revelers with any fortitude here," William remarked.

Megan looked around and realized that all of the other guests had left that party. The only ones still left were the four of them.

"So this would have to be one of your tamer parties, wouldn't you say?" asked Allison.

Megan interrupted, "Didn't the invitation say that it was supposed to be a pool party?"

"Good God, could you imagine some of those people in bathing suits?" Allison asked. "That's not something that I need to see."

Megan thought about it for a second and then replied, "Good point."

Allison looked at Martin. "I bet you've had some pretty visually appealing pool parties though,"

"We have had some good times back here," Martin answered. "It's pretty private with all these trees and bushes."

Allison sighed. "I can just picture it; hot, naked men sitting on the edge of the pool or swimming underwater."

"That sounds more like a Queer as Folk episode than anything that ever happened here," said Martin.

"Although we do have a strictly nude policy regarding the Jacuzzi," said William. "But then you know all about that."

Allison stood up and kicked off her flip-flops. "Yes, as a matter of fact I do recall that being the case," she told them as she walked over to the hot tub and sat down on its edge. The other three watched as she unzipped and slid her jeans and panties past her hips and then below her knees. Here she seemed to struggle to get them completely off but managed to succeed after a few less than graceful kicks. Apparently she was drunker than Megan had realized. As Allison worked on removing her top and her bra Megan noticed that she was completely shaven. By the looks of it, it was most likely a Brazilian wax.

Allison was now completely naked, standing next to the hot tub. Megan took a good look. Allison didn't have a perfect body. Curvaceous, or perhaps voluptuous, would have been a good word to describe her. She had the type of full figured body that was in vogue in the 1950's. Megan had never felt an attraction towards women but she found Allison's confidence in her nudity incredibly sexy.

"Come on you guys!" Allison called out as she eased herself into the water.

"Here we go again," said William and he stood up and walked mysteriously into the house.

Martin turned towards Megan. "I'm sorry. She has a habit of doing this."

"Doing what exactly?" asked Megan.

"Oh, just this... the three of us tend to end up drinking in the hot tub together. She likes to flirt a little bit with William but its all pretty innocent."

"The three of you end up naked in the hot tub together?"

"We've all been naked a few times. It's not anything sexual though. I'm sorry, this must all seem pretty crazy to you. William is probably in there getting in to his bathing suit and trying to pick out a decent bottle of wine. I better go help him." He headed inside and then, looking back and smiling, added, "Help him with the wine that is."

Megan did think the situation that she found herself in was strange. But surprisingly it wasn't the fact that Allison was naked in the Jacuzzi that she found odd. It wasn't even the fact that she had learned that the three of them sometimes hung out naked there and drank. What she found puzzling was this image that people apparently had of her. Everyone seemed to think that she so innocent and pure. In a way it made sense. At work she had been trying to appear professional. At home with Allen she also seemed stuck in the role of the accommodating wife. But did everyone really think that she was so one dimensional? 

It could have been the alcohol. It could have been the fact that ever since Allison had brought it up, she'd been wondering what William's cock looked like. What ever it was she decided she wasn't going to play the demure little elementary school teacher anymore, at least not for this evening. While still sitting on the stool, she slid out of her skirt and her panties. She wasn't nicely waxed like Allison but she was trimmed neatly enough to feel presentable. Then, she quickly unbuttoned her blouse and took off her bra. She couldn't believe that she was sitting naked at the bar on a colleague's patio. Her stomach was full of butterflies and she was breathing quickly. For a brief moment she compared her body with Allison's. Her breasts were a full cup smaller and she'd always been self-conscious about her thin, almost boyish figure. Any feelings of inadequacy however, were eclipsed by the rush of adrenaline she felt as the breeze caressed her body. She felt her nipples harden and a familiar tingle between her legs.

"Woo-hoo Meagan," she heard Allison yell from the hot tub. "Come on in sexy!"

Megan walked over to the Jacuzzi. She put her hand in to feel the water. "It feels nice."

"It feels even nice when William rubs your clit with his toe under the water," laughed.

Megan knew she was a bit tipsy, but apparently nowhere near as drunk as Allison. "Are you serious?"

Allison just gave her a coy little smile and told her to get in.

Megan turned and walked towards the sliding glass doors which lead to the kitchen. "I'm going to go get us some wine," she called back to Allison. At the doorway she paused for a second before walking in. She was a married woman. What was she doing? Was she crazy? "No," she thought. She was just going to sit in a Jacuzzi with two gay guys and a woman. If she caught a glimpse of William's cock, maybe it would give her something to fantasize about at home.

The kitchen was empty. She saw the wine rack and walked over to choose a bottle. For a second, as she read the labels, she almost forgot that she was naked.

"There's a nice pinot noir already opened there on the table." She turned and saw William standing in his bathing suit.

Megan grabbed the pinot noir and looked at him. He was taking in her entire body, his eyes lingering in places she wouldn't have expected from someone who was gay. She resisted the instinct to cover herself. Standing naked before him, as he took her all in, was more of rush than she could have ever imagined. "I thought you had a dress code for the hot tub," she said.

William slid his trunks to the floor and kicked them back down the hallway from which he had come. "That's true," he said smiling. "Sometimes I like to have some clothes close by. But there doesn't seem to be any need for that tonight."

Megan stared between his legs. She might have felt rude if hadn't been doing the same thing to her. She had been with three guys before Allen and all of them had been relatively comparable in size. None of them prepared her for what hung before her now. He had been blessed. He wasn't completely aroused but he seemed to be getting there.

"Shall we?" he asked and led the way to the backyard.

As she followed him she wondered if he was walking ahead to hide the fact that he was getting hard, or if he was just in a hurry to get in the water. He was gorgeous from behind. Her eyes traced a path over the muscles of his back and down do his lovely ass. She was overcome with an urge to grab his bulging triceps and cover his back with kisses. As she watched him ease himself slowly into the water she realized that she was wet. She followed him over, handed him the bottle, and got into the tub next to Allison and kiddy corner with William.

"Finally, I was getting bored in here all by myself," Allison muttered. Her words were really starting sound slurred now.

Martin came out wearing his suit and walked over to them. He looked at Megan and raised his eyes, apparently mildly surprised at what he saw. 

"You know the rules," William told him. 

Martin rolled his eyes, dropped his trunks and got in. 

"Now it's a party!" Allison exclaimed. "Pass me that bottle of wine." She took a slug, put her left arm around Megan, and passed her the bottle. Megan took a sip and passed.

Megan felt Allison's hand bounce her left breast up and down a few times. "I never would have guessed she would have such nice, perky tits. Would you have guessed Martin?" she asked.

"Not from the way she dresses at work," he answered. William was just staring at her. Megan decided that she liked having his eyes glued to her, but she was concerned about how Martin might feel about it.

"Ever had a girl suck on them?" asked Allison.

"I know it's not very fashionable to say, but no, I've never been with a girl," Megan answered. "I've never even kissed one."

Allison suddenly bent over and licked Megan's right nipple. She felt pleasant shudder pass through her body. It had felt good, but what was really turning her on was the way William was watching her. She didn't know exactly what to do next. Girls weren't really what she was into. She would have had no problem sucking Allison's breast if she thought it would have turned William on, but he was supposedly gay. Besides, he was Martin's boyfriend and she was a married woman, though Allen was actually the last thing on her mind.

While Megan was deciding what to do, Allison rendered the point moot. She hung her head over the side of the Jacuzzi and puked. Megan reached over and held her hair away from her face and rubbed her back to sooth her.

"God, I'm sorry," Allison said. "I think I've had way too much."

Moving very slowly and gingerly, she got out of the Jacuzzi and started heading for the house. Megan notice that she walked right past her clothes as if they weren't even there. As Martin was getting up to go check on her, Allison tripped on the patio and fell.

Martin rushed over to help her up.

"She's cut her shin up pretty good," he told them. "I'm going to take her in and fix it up."

Megan and William exchanged a glance. "I suppose we should go in and see how she is," she said.

"Yes, I suppose we should."

They got out of the Jacuzzi and went in the house. They found Allison and Martin in the guest bedroom. Allison had a robe on and was sitting on the bed. Martin, who had found his swimming trunks, was kneeling before addressing the wound. He was delicately trying to pick out some stones that had imbedded themselves. Megan wondered if proper etiquette dictated that you put your clothes on when you check on an injured friend. Then she thought that Allison probably wouldn't remember much of this anyway.


Suddenly, she realized that William wasn't concerned about proper etiquette. As Martin worked intently on Allison's shin, she felt William's erection press up against her ass. She could feel the head of his cock against the small of her back. Without even thinking about it, she reached behind her and grabbed it. She stroked it a few times and then he pulled away and walked down the hall.

Megan turned immediately and followed him. He was at the end of the hall way standing in the doorway of the master bedroom. She walked up to him, preparing to say something like, "We can't do this. I'm married and Martin's your boyfriend." But he grabbed her by the waste and pulled her against him. His mouth met hers and his tongue slipped inside. She pressed her hips against him, his erect cock standing straight up between them. He grabbed her ass with both hands and pulled her tighter, his tongue exploring her mouth even deeper. She grabbed one of his triceps and caressed his back with the other.
