 This is a re-edit of my first story ever. I posted it on another account "brokensoundboard" under the tittle "The Perfect Gift Chosen". I have tried to get into for a couple years. No luck. Most of it is based in reality but part way through this story turns into a dream I had right before I wrote the original. The dream was based on a real life events but turned things much sexier. I bet you can guess where that happens. All identifiable details have been changed. I hope you like it.

--------------------------------------------------

As I stared into the busy restaurant I could tell I was feeling a little down. Work was always miserable but today seemed especially so. It didn't matter that I was surrounded by beautiful women all day or that I made pretty good money. Sometimes work just sucks but today felt worse. All facts considered I should be happy. I had just come back from vacation where I got engaged. The engagement was a dream come true I totally loved her. It was what came with it that was driving me crazy: No sex until the honeymoon. 

I work in a sea food restaurant in South Carolina where I am the only man that works in the front of the house. This meant I was always surrounded by beautiful women. The female manager seemed to hire only very attractive women but I was the newest hire. Actually, now I wonder why I was hired. I am a 6' 1", thin but muscular Italian-American man. Dark hair, tan skin, clean shaven. I was never a womanizer but I was never single for very long.

Anyway, the women ranged from 18 to 32 and were exceptionally beautiful. To name a few there was the eldest, Rachel, who was very conservative but had an amazing ass. She had what must have been beautiful D size breasts but it was hard to tell under her conservative loose clothes. Then there was Sam, the wild 19 year old lesbian who always wore low cute shirts and loved to tease men by "accidentally" brushing her breasts against customers for larger tips. She was similar in body and look to that of Kristen Bell. There was Shae who was a beautiful dark skinned woman with a thin body, round ass, and huge, enhanced breasts. She was a stripper on the weekends and would often show us her moves in the server's station. That is the room between the kitchen and the dining room where we all talk shit about our tables. My favorite moment was when she tried to teach all the white girls how to twerk. It didn't go well but was awesome to watch. The woman who trained me was a single mother who was 27, had brown hair, C cup, dark brown hair, and an ass that everyone watch as she walked away (but mostly Sam and I would catch each other and laugh). One time we all went to the pool in her apartment complex and her body in just basic black string bikini was...breathtaking. You get the idea.

Oh, but let's not forget the women who really ran the show. The hostesses were three 18 year old high school seniors. Heather, Stephanie, and Rachel #2 were basically sirens that would take care of people as they entered and before they knew it they were seated at an expensive restaurant with a large bill. It was actually incredible to watch them work, somehow they kept all the people waiting happy and smiling with over an hour to wait for a table.

I knew Stephanie the best at the restaurant, she was the head hostess. Her boyfriend lived near me and I used to give her rides from work. I never fell under her spell because I don't fuck around with other people's significant others. That said, she was fucking hot and i can't pretend my mind didn't wander on occasion. Plus I was in a happy relationship. All that changed after our engagement, my mind would wonder to dirty things all the time and I started realizing I was surrounded by perky breasts. For some reason, my then fiancé (and now wife), wanted to stop having sex to make the wedding night special. Doesn't make sense to me but I guess it something people do. Either way going cold turkey was killing me. 

All that to say, when I came back from vacation, the lack of sex and being surrounded by hot women started to drive me a little crazy. My mental capacity to control my lust was seriously lacking. 

--------------------------------------------------

About two weeks later...

While giving Stephanie a ride home, she could see (or sense) something was bothering me and started asking questions.

"Hey, how are you doing? Most people I see get engaged are like super happy. Are you cool?"

"Yeah, it's just that once you're engaged everything changes. There's a ton of planning and..." 

"Hey eyes up here champ!"

"Sorry, yeah. It'll all be better when we are finally married."

"Got it, have y'all picked a date?"

"Yeah we are looking at the first weekend in August, but we have to confirm with the location."

"Hmm... wow that's three months away. You must be stressed trying to pull all that together" 

"Yeah, it's a lot of work."

"I got an idea! Let me take you out on my boyfriend's boat. It'll help you relax. Sun, beer, friends, it'll be good for you. Does, like, Wednesday work cause he doesn't really work anyway. So I can make him take us out. You have to come, I insist. "

"Uh okay, I think I have that day off. It's too bad it's during the week cause otherwise my fiancé could come too."

"Yeah, maybe some other time but you should come out with us."

"Yeah you're probably right. Okay."

"Awesome, thanks for the ride!" And she hopped out of the car and headed towards Jake's house.

--------------------------------------------------

Wednesday rolls around and I would really prefer to stay home and watch TV but Stephanie called to make sure I was coming. So I throw on my swim suit and a t-shirt and head out. I keep imagining attempting to make conversation with a bunch of 18 year olds which is only 4 years younger but sometimes seems like an eternity. But Stephanie and her boyfriend, Jake, seemed different so I figure I'll just spend most of my time with them. Plus, Jake is my age, I think.

When I get to the dock, I can't find anyone and I start to wonder if there is some joke being played on me. But I see a dock attendant and asked for Jake. He pointed me down to the end of the dock where he had just pulled the boat out for them. Not accustomed to any of this, I begin to feel even more uneasy about this trip. I have to repeat Stephanie's words in my head, "It will be good for you." So I press forward.

When I get to the boat I am taken back by how huge this thing is. It must be over 70 feet long and has two stories with a sun deck and everything. I see Jake wave from up top, so I head straight up there with the beer I brought and offer him one. He thanks me but says he'll wait till were in open sea. So I sit.

"This is an amazing boat, thanks for taking me out." I say, trying to get the conversation started.

"Yup, it's my dad's but he doesn't care if I take it out. He's never around anyway. "

Realizing it's a sore subject, I quickly change it.

"Gotcha. Where is everyone?"

"You mean the girls? They are all down stairs putting their swim suits on I think."

"Anyone, else on their way?"

"Nope, just you and them. I'm just the captain this time out."

"Sounds good" I say suddenly nervous that I am going to have to hang out with 'the girls' the whole time. 

He looks over with a big smile and says

"Take a peak, through there."

He points to a glass door that must lead down stairs. I walk over and look down to a beautiful sight that almost stopped my heart. Through the glass is six young women and Stephanie all naked except maybe one piece of a bikini on. They are apparently very comfortable with each other because a couple are just standing there naked joking and laughing with the others. I couldn't really see very well with the glare from the sun but they all looked hot. I realized I was getting a boner as I watch this sight from God. I am a healthy man, but I almost died right there. Even with the glare, I sit there as a voyeur for probably 5 minutes before Jake comes over. I think I could have stayed there forever.

"Pretty fucking incredible right?"

"Uh, yeah." I say coming back to reality. "You are a lucky man, is this what most your boat trips are like?" Jake just laughs and starts fiddling with the controls.

"If you can believe it they are all from high school with Steph. Oh and I just wanted to say I appreciate you being a good guy to Steph and not trying to fuck her. Not many guys would have the integrity not to mess with her when y'all drive home from work late at night."

"Yeah, no problem. She is a good friend, so it's no big deal. "

"That's partly why I agreed to bring you out. I usually only do this sometimes for my close friends and, frankly, our social class."

While trying not to show that I'm slightly offended, I found myself changing the subject again.

"Okay, what exactly are we doing? Stephanie was kinda vague."

"Really?" He said as his smile returned. "Welllll..." He started but Stephanie interrupted by coming up the stairs on the back of the boat.

"Jake, you aren't giving away any spoilers are you?"

"Spoilers? No way." She walked up and gave him a big kiss.

Stephanie was now wearing small, low cut, black bikini bottoms and a tube top that matched. Damn her incredible flat stomach and tight body. I always knew she looked good but she was looking especially fit in a bikini that must have been made with her in mind. Never had I seen Stephanie look so good with her small bikini bottoms and perky B cup breasts. Clearly recognizing that I was staring she says, "Why don't you put that beer downstairs in the fridge, we are about to leave." So I head to the back of the boat and Jake starts up the engine. When I get to the bottom, I get rushed by the girls as they push past me while I am trying to find my sea legs and carry the case of micro brew beer. I swear I almost fell off the back of the boat as I managed to carefully fall into a bench nearby. Then I looked up and image of all those women going up those stairs in their, at most, Brazilian bikinis was a sight to behold. After I collect myself for the second time, I put the beer in the fridge and head back up through the mid ship staircase coming out by Jake.

I settle into a seat and look forward as we head out into the ocean. What do I see? But all seven women laying out in the sun on the front of the boat and facing the sea. I had been so taken aback that there were these barely dressed women running around that I didn't even realize I haven't even met them yet. But I figure it will happen eventually, we still have the whole day ahead of us. To prevent myself from staring and feeling like a perv, I sit back with my beer and relax.

----------------------------------------------

After about the second hour or so I am dozing on a bench on the back of the upper deck, just enjoying the sun, the crisp air and my third beer. While sitting there I hear Stephanie call my name and then feel her hands on my face trying to wake me. As I open my eyes she says, "Hey Mr. Engaged man, have you even seen the whole boat yet? " I say no, so she grabs my hand and drags me up to give me the tour. I think, "Fuck I hope I don't have a boner cause I was having some pretty amazing dreams." As we start walking I realize that I do but no one seems to notice. I have about an 8 inch dick so a boner can get pretty noticeable depending on the state of things. 

It's only as she takes me downstairs that I realize that we are stopped and Jake and the girls are swimming out the back of the boat. They all wave "hi" as we walk by. Stephanie shows me all the rooms and the full kitchen and shower, I am very impressed but mostly am just trying to not notice how fucking hot she is in that tiny bikini. It's kinda driving me nuts.

I try to think of something to talk about and ask,

"So, Jake made it seem like there was some sort of plan for the day or that you take people out sometimes. Are we going somewhere or what's the plan?"

"Oh, didn't I tell you? I have a sort of engagement surprise for you. Yeah we mostly only do this thing for Jake's friends but I begged Jake and he said okay"

"Cool, so what's the plan?"

"It's a surprise! if I tell you know you won't be surprised. Do you want to go swimming?"

"Not really, but I'll hang out at the back of the boat." And i take a few steps that way.

"NO! I mean..." She laughs "I will get the surprise ready and you chill here. Okay?"

"Sounds good" I say as I reach for another beer. But as Stephanie is climbing the stairs she says, "You better hold off we have a long day" Taken by surprise I head back to the kitchen and put the beer back in the fridge and grab a water. I chug the water to hydrate a little and poke around the rooms again. Then, when I turn around I see Stephanie standing at the bottom of the stairs completely naked.

"What, the..." I said, trying to collect myself. "What are you doing? Jake is upstairs" I feel myself get hard instantly. 

"Here come with me, I am going to give you your engagement present. "

As she takes my hand and starts leading me to the back of the boat I am so dumbfounded I can't think of anything to say. For that matter, I am having trouble thinking. I keep trying to look her in the eyes but damn her hot little 5'2" body and blond hair. Then I realize, shit, I am in a relationship.

I stop her and say "Uh, Stephanie I don't think this is a good idea."

"Shut up, this is your engagement gift from me. So, you don't really have a choice. Plus I know that you are, sort of, in need, since you have stopped having sex until you're married."

"Wait, how did you know that? I didn't say anything."

"It was kinda obvious from what you said in the car. Duh! And I already talked to your fiance and she is cool with it."

"Wait. What? Really?"

My mind is racing at this point and I kinda go numb. I don't really know what to call it except a loss of blood in the head because it is being re-purposed elsewhere. She says, "So just take off your shirt and shorts and meet me upstairs." My brain, still not working, just says "But, I'm not sure..." So she takes my hand again and says "let me help you." She lifts my shirt and unties my swim shorts, and the next thing I know I am also naked and following her again by the hand upstairs. All I really remember from this point is I got many short glimpses of the little patch of hair and her soft smooth pussy lips as we walk of the spiral staircase.

I get upstairs and there are all six of the other girls kneeling over the back of a bench with their naked asses in the air towards us. They are giggling but I can't see any of their faces. Stephanie then turns to me and asks,

"Are any of these girls unsatisfactory to you?"

"No, I mean what is going on? I mean, they are all beautiful, round, and amazing. I don't get it."

"Just shut up and listen." She says as she grabs my face with two hands. She then starts to put a blindfold on me that seemed to come from nowhere.

"These women have volunteered to help you get to marriage. They will perform for you today and then you can choose which one you like the best based on what you experienced. You will inspect them physically and your cock will also get to experience them. The only catch is that you must keep this blind fold on the entire time. Only after will you see your choice. She will be yours to have sexually until you are married. It serves as training for them to the needs of a man and helps you explore all your sexual desires before you are married. Then you can share those needs with your wife."

My head is spinning at this point and I can't think, all my blood is still pumping to my rock hard dick. Then she takes my hand at this point and leads me over to them. I can't see them of course but I can tell that they are close. So can my cock, apparently, as it twitches with excitement.

Stephanie takes my hand and places it on a woman's face that apparently had moved to be standing right in front of me. She then guides my hands to her breasts, they feel wonderful, soft and smaller. I would assume an A cup but it's hard to tell without the visual. She guides my hands to her back and down to her ass as she turns a little. Then she takes my hand and places it lightly over her mound and guides me slowly the length of her pussy lips. She is completely free of hair and smooth except for a little patch right above the top of her slit. She has very small lips and her swollen clit protrudes out freely. She is already excited and wet. Then she softly takes my hand and replaces it by my side. 

The next woman approaches me and takes a little more aggressive approach. She grabs both my hands and have them cup her breasts. She takes my hands down across her flat firm stomach to her clean shaven lips. Her clit was was under lips that completely cover her soft inner folds. She uses my hand to rub her clit and I can hear her moan. The next I can feel her nipples are pierced. I go from one woman to the next all too quickly but I can tell that Stephanie is attempting to keep me moving. the fifth clearly has the largest breasts and I spend all my time figuring out how one might manage such wonderful things. I am trying to keep a mental picture of the general shape of each one but concentrating is hard, when my cock is pulsating so strongly. The last one is the least memorable but only because, by touch, she was soft and warm but average all around. Although, I could feel her hand trembling a little. They were different shapes and sizes and heights but the biggest difference that was noticeable solely by touch was the size of their breasts which ranged from A to what had to be DD.

After I have felt each of their soft skin to get a general ideas of their curves and shape. the first women comes back and I can sense her kneel before me and the touch of her hand on my cock sends a pulse through my body. It has been two months since anyone has touched me and as her soft hand wraps around my shaft I want to melt. First, I feel the tip of her tongue touch my head and run up and down my shaft. With my balls cupped in her hand she worked softly and slowly over my whole shaft. After far too little time Stephanie stopped her and brought me to the next women who had a totally different style. She would pump with her hand and use her mouth to work the tip. The next women clearly liked to be throat fucked cause I spent all her allotted time as deep down her throat as I could go. The forth sucked on my balls a great deal and went almost to my ass while she pumped my shaft with an occasional head bob for some variety. The girl with the DD breast was next and used some spit for me to tit fuck her using her mouth on my cock as it came out the top. The last girl clearly had no idea what she was doing and was trying to incorporate all that she had witnessed in the last few minutes. Then again, all too soon Stephanie interrupted and told all the women to bend over the bench again.

I was then moved forward and towards the first woman again. Stephanie said, "You will have 30 seconds to fuck each girl and then you will have to choose your favorite based on your experience. So pay attention and stay focused on the goal of today. Also, you cannot touch any of them with your hands; they will guide you in once you are close enough. Try to focus just on how well paired they are with your dick."

As I got close to the first girl, she grabbed my shaft and slowly guided me in. Her pussy was still very wet and I wanted to fuck her hard. But I remembered her sucking style and decided to fuck her slowly with a steady rhythm. Her moans where quiet and high pitched which helped guide me to how she liked it. After a few seconds I felt her pussy walls clamp down on my cock as if she wanted to suck the cums out of me that minute. It was amazing feeling. 
