 This is part two of our story. While it can be read individually, reading previous chapters may help you to get to know Margot and Jay better. We join our story in progress - Margot, a beautiful Hungarian lady, has fallen madly in love with Jay, and has begun her journey as his submissive and mentee. After their first session of lovemaking, they find one of Jay's other students watching them... 

***** 

"Frieder, come in. Close the door behind you." Jay said calmly. 

The young man did as asked. Margot knew Frieder to be in his late 20's - a successful junior executive who was in her class. He had tried to flirt with her, and ask her out a few days into her first week, but she already had eyes only for Mr. Caine by that point, and she knew Frieder was married. He was a sweet guy; helpful, tall, and blonde. He was a native German on assignment in Budapest. His pants were also unbuttoned and he had clearly been stroking his cock while watching the hot scene he had stumbled upon. 

"I lost the bet. I thought this would happen weeks ago. What took you two so long?" He didn't really attempt to put his cock away. He just sat down on the desk where the action had been taking place. 

Jay put his coat around Margot as she sat on the sofa, her clothes torn apart. She pulled down her skirt, and could feel warm cum dripping down her thighs. Despite being caught like this, she was in heaven. Her eyes darted toward Frieder's semi hard cock poking out from his jeans. She was ashamed at what she was thinking. She had just been taken roughly and completely by the man she sought to please, but her body was craving something more. She sat quietly seeing how this would play out. 

"Yes, well, I wanted to make sure Margot and I were on the same page. I thought perhaps she was a very wholesome girl, but I've just discovered that there are some hidden treasures underneath." Jay's hand rested on her shoulder, and stroked her back and ran through her hair with affection. He noticed her look at Frieder's cock several times, and he smiled. Perhaps this was as good a time as any to begin her education. 

"Frieder, did you like what you saw?" Jay asked his student. 

"God, yes sir. Margot is very hot. Very sexy. I asked her out a while ago, but she seemed to have a crush...on you." 

"Have you been thinking about fucking her during class? No wonder you're sometimes distracted." 

"Yes, that would be...very nice." Frieder gulped, as he began lightly stroking his cock again. It quickly hardened. 

"Margot" Jay turned to her, "We can't have Frieder distracted during class, can we? I'd like you to help him out. Perhaps if he has his chance with you, he'll be more at ease around you in the future. What do you think?" 

"If that is what you want, sir." Margot replied. She had been given permission to do something she had thought about, but never dared to imagine would happen. She had seen some porn movies where a woman had two men, one after the other, but she didn't imagine she would do it. Now, she was offered this chance, and she didn't need to make the decision to do it herself. If it would please her beloved, she would do it wholeheartedly. 

She looked between the two men, not quite knowing how she should act. Jay made it easy for her. He sat on the arm of the sofa, and guided her to him. "Clean me up, baby." Margot smiled, "Of course, with pleasure." she said, and bent over at the waist and took his soft cock in her mouth and began to lick it. 

"Frieder, why don't you finish inside her pussy what you started with your hand?" 

He didn't need to be asked twice. His pants dropped to the ground and he moved behind the gorgeous brunette. Her pussy was already so wet, from her own juices and a thick load of cum, that he needed no lubricant. He placed his hands on both her hips, and slid inside. It was perhaps the hottest, wettest cunt he had ever experienced. His hips bucked. He had not been asked to put on a condom, and so he wondered if he would be allowed to cum inside the beauty. He was not far away, as he had been stroking for some time, before being discovered, and now he was living out a fantasy of his own. 

He looked to his teacher for guidance, knowing who would make the decision. "Where should I...?" he began. 

Jay looked into Margot's beautiful eyes and he saw a lust and love there as she was pounded from behind by this younger cock. His own cock was now quickly hardening as he watched the scene directly in front of him. She was acclimating to this new life quite quickly, he thought. He was relieved that she was open to this, and looked forward to exploring her limits and getting to know her better. She was wonderfully sexual and submissive, as well as being an amazing woman. She was perfect for him, he thought. She knew Frieder was close, and looked up to Jay for permission. She didn't want to do anything to displease. He nodded to her, and to her more than to him, he said "It's okay." 

Margot looked behind her and said to Frieder "If you find me sexy, then cum." 

That pushed him over the edge and he began shooting hard, a pent up load of at least six shots joining the first in her pussy. She felt this wetness and came again herself, imagining that she was an unforgivable slut at this point. The cock in her mouth was fully hard, and she was now concentrating only on that job. As she focused, Jay nodded at the door, and Frieder disappeared, closing it behind him with a huge smile on his face. 

"Turn around" Jay said sternly. "You have to be punished." 

"What did I do, sir? You gave permission? Did I do something wrong?" She leaned over his desk. 

His hand came down on her ass with a stern smack! And then another, and another. Margot felt flush as both her cheeks were punished. Her pussy gushed and leaked cum from two different men. 

"You acted like a little slut. Whenever you act like a little slut, you will have to be punished." 

"Oh, I understand." And she did. As she saw Jay's cock stiffen from behind, and felt it push back into her ass, that now accommodated his size more easily, she did understand. She pushed her ass back against him, craving another hard ass fucking. He enjoyed seeing her act the slut under his own rules and regulations, but he still enjoyed thinking of her as a promiscuous slut, after the fact. She would learn from him later that he loved thinking of her as a sexual creature, being freed from her years of bondage and embracing her desires and fantasies without shame. 

As she felt his cock stiffen in her ass, she smiled. She knew he would cum again, and that she had pleased him well today. The knowledge that she also was desired by Frieder, and that he found her sexy enough to put his load inside her as well, made her very happy. Jay was opening her eyes to a new world, one she couldn't wait to continue exploring. His first shot went deep into her ass, and he quickly moved his cock to her pussy to finish. She didn't feel ashamed anymore as the cum dripped out of both holes, and felt very warm running down her legs. She dropped to her knees to clean his cock again, looking up at him the whole time. He pulled her to her feet and kissed her a long while, caressing her face, and being very gentle with her. 

"Thank you Margot. Thank you for staying, and for being mine." 

"Yes, my darling. I am yours. Just tell me what you need from me next!"