 This is part three of our story. While it can be enjoyed individually, reading previous chapters may help you to get to know Margot and Jay better. We join our story in progress - Margot, a beautiful Hungarian lady, has fallen madly in love with Jay, and has begun her journey as his submissive and mentee. After their first session of lovemaking, they enjoyed a threesome with one of her fellow students in Jay's class... 

***** 

Margot spent the next week seeing Jay whenever she could. She took a much needed vacation from work and arranged for her girls care while she 'went out of town on business' to be with him. They became inseparable rather quickly, and her education began in earnest. They spent long nights and days in Jay's apartment, doing almost exclusively two things; fucking and talking, mostly at the same time. Jay wanted to know everything about her sexual history and her fantasies, and little by little, she opened up, usually at the insistence of his cock. As she felt him pounding her pussy or ass, or fucking her mouth, she became more and more addicted to his dominance of her. 

Together, they learned things about her even she didn't know, though had long suspected. Margot had a number of pent up fantasies, derived mostly from watching porn, and using her imagination. She loved the idea of women, and multiple men, bondage, submission, rape and non-consent, and role play, but had little practical experience. She had a lone encounter with a woman in her youth, and had cuckolded her husband twice when other men had expressed their desire for her, but had never dared to go further. By the end of a week, Margot fully acknowledged Jay's new ownership of her sex life. The addiction was not only in one direction. Margot's delicate nature, intelligence, grace, charm, personality, and her incredible figure took Jay to heights he had never reached with other women. He had never been able to be himself and communicate with a partner in this way. Margot was open to all of his desires, and their trust and bond deepened with every stroke of his cock inside her. They were in love. 

Margot did have some body issues he found difficult to believe at first - how could a woman of such stunning beauty find many of her own features quite ugly he wondered? But as he learned more, he saw how many of the pieces fit together with her fantasies, and he loved the whole of Margot even more deeply. She had become ashamed of her own body and sexual needs and fantasies for a number of reasons and this led directly to her desire for certain activities. She preferred a man to cum in her pussy, rather than anywhere else in or on her. In her head, the more men that found her sexy enough to cum in her this way, the better it made her feel about herself. Apparently her husband hadn't been able to achieve this for years, nor had her recent lovers dared to provide her with this pleasure. Jay responded to her desire by cumming inside her pussy as often as he could, without hesitation. He wanted her to feel beautiful and desired, as much as possible, and was the first man to cum inside her in many years. She had also been ashamed of her own orgasms, of allowing others to watch or hear her perform, or even masturbate. With Jay's acceptance of her, Margot became more at ease with her body. She orgasmed during sex, masturbated while Jay stroked his cock in front of her pussy or watched her, and became more comfortable with him seeing and complimenting her body. She even began to believe these many compliments of her after a time. 

A week together seemed like both an eternity, and but a moment. They had come so far so quickly, and Margot was eager to explore, now knowing herself a bit better. Jay would guide and protect her through this journey, and had several ideas of where they would begin. Margot left for home finally at the end of the weekend, knowing they had a date planned for Monday evening after class. It was a tearful farewell, even though they would see each other 24 hours later. Their hearts were as one, and neither could bear to be apart from the other. 

"Darling, wear something very sexy tomorrow evening. Short skirt, bare legs, no panties. I want to be thinking of your bare pussy all while I am teaching class." 

"Yes, sir!" Margot smiled, "Any hints as to where you will take me?" Her heart was pounding knowing he had something devilish in store for her. 

"That's for me to know. I'm sure you'll have lots of fun. We'll both have lots of fun. But for now, my poor cock must recover. We have worked him too hard and he is raw!" 

She smiled, feeling very content that she had given him such pleasure. 

They parted with a tender kiss. 

Margot's pussy danced all the next day, under her short black skirt. Her outfit drew many stares from her work colleagues, both male and female, and much positive attention. She felt ashamed at first, and texted Jay her feelings. He wrote back "Look around at the stares. Yes, some women hate you for looking so good, but many men, and some women, desire you. Desire you deeply. They want to see you naked. They want to fuck you. Those men all want to cum inside your beautiful pussy. Your pussy is mine, and it will only be shared when I allow it, but I wanted you to see how the others look at you. I wanted you to feel this way." Margot smiled. The shame did not go away fully, but she began to see what he meant, and enjoyed the way some of her colleagues were looking at her and lingering around her desk for a peek up her skirt. She looked at her phone again - several devil emojis from Jay, and some hearts and "See you tonight, beautiful." 

During class she felt much the same, and even knew that some in class could likely see she was wearing no panties. Frieder in particular was attempting to get a better look. She also felt free, dangerous, and as though she had been awakened. The shame was subsiding. After class, she met Jay in his office. "I invited Frieder to come along this evening, and his wife is meeting us there. I thought it would be nice to get out of the apartment with some company. Hopefully you're not getting sick of me." he said with a smile. 

"Never, darling." Margot cooed, as she took his arm and pressed her head into his shoulder. 

They arrived at the club around 10PM. Frieder stood outside with his wife, who was every bit as blonde and German as he was. As Margot and Jay approached, she gave Margot a huge hug, and a kiss on both cheeks. "Hello I'm Henrike!" she smiled. She was rather tall, lightly freckled with pale skin, and had brilliant blue eyes. She was voluptuous rather than slim, but it suited her. "Here, I brought you something for the dance." She handed Margot a black mask with a red accent design that would cover her face above the mouth. She donned her own mask, which was black and gold. Margot wondered if she knew that her husband had erupted with a huge load inside of her wanton pussy just a week ago, but that was a question she didn't have time to answer as Henrike took her by the arm and ushered her inside. The men followed behind admiring the view of the two women from behind. 

The club inside was quite dark, though Margot could see a room where many well dressed people were dancing. Jay knew Margot loved to dance and that it turned her on to have fun on the dance floor. All the women here were wearing masks, and Margot had the impression it was no ordinary dance club. The men walked up with drinks, which they all consumed quickly and headed out onto the dance floor. Margot enjoyed dancing with Jay for the first time. He admired her energy, moves, and enthusiasm. Luckily it was quite dark, so his lack of dance skill was not automatically apparent, but his enthusiasm for putting his hands all over Margot certainly was. They went up her skirt several times, cupping her ass, brushing against her pussy, and rubbing her thighs. She had been quite turned on all day by her outfit, and now she was going into overdrive. 

Jay kissed his love deeply on the lips, and whispered in her ear "Tonight everything is permitted." Margot trembled all the way down to her pussy when she heard this. She also enjoyed dancing with Henrike and Frieder, who put their hands all over her as well. She became comfortable touching Henrike, who encouraged her. Margot's fingers brushed against Henrike's pussy, which she could feel was completely bare, and retreated. Henrike pouted, and placed her own hand on Margot's thigh, and pushed it higher, finally sliding two fingers up into her soaking pussy. When she removed her fingers, Henrike placed them in her own mouth, licked them clean, and then kissed Margot directly on the lips, snaking her tongue inside. The two women slowed their dance and enjoyed a deep kiss. Henrike took her hand, and began guiding her out of the dance room and down a dark hallway. 

"Mm where are you taking me?" Margot asked out loud, as she looked around for Jay. 

"Just somewhere we can have a little more privacy. Don't worry, the boys will be along soon." 

Henrike guided Margot to a black door, and it opened into a very small room, barely large enough for the two of them to be in together, but with the soft skinned blonde putting her hands all over her, Margot felt quite comfortable. Their hands explored each other, and Henrike removed Margot's blouse and both their masks. She moved her mouth to Margot's ample breasts and kissed them everywhere, using her tongue and teeth to bring Margot's nipples to hardness. Margot finally explored Henrike's pussy, with her fingers. She was also soaking wet. They tasted each other over and over, until Margot wanted to taste that delicious pussy directly from the source. She dropped to her knees, unbuttoning the blonde's blouse as she went, and finally placed her mouth firmly against Henrike's pussy. It was ecstasy. As she explored this pussy with her tongue and fingers, she looked up and saw Henrike fondling her own breasts. The only thing that could make this hot scene any hotter would be a hot cock in her pussy. 

The moment this thought crossed her mind, there was a knock, not from the door, but from the wall on the side of the room. A hard cock emerged from a hole that Margot hadn't noticed. It was quite dark, so she couldn't quite make out the features. She looked at Henrike and the blonde just smiled and took the cock in her hand. She joined Margot on her knees, and showed her it was okay to play with the cock, first licking the shaft, and cradling the balls, while Margot took her turn making the cock disappear into her mouth. Both women worked the cock until they heard a grunt from the other side of the wall and a thick shot of cum splattered Margot's lips, neck, and breasts. She hadn't expected this, but Henrike's eyes lit up and she began licking the cum from Margot's skin. A knock came from the other side of the room, and a new cock appeared. The women looked at each other, and the throbbing cock awaiting them, and smiled. They worked this cock together, and it ended up erupting as Margot was stroking it in her hand, while Henrike took the tip in her mouth. Henrike took the entire load in her mouth then kissed Margot deeply, sharing her treasure. 

The two women kissed, and touched and fingered each others' pussies repeatedly. All of this served only to make Margot incredibly anxious to fuck, but she assumed they had serviced both Jay and Frieder. Hopefully the boys would be ready for round 2 soon, because she didn't think she could help but fuck the next cock that slid through the opening. As if on cue, the next knock from the wall brought quite a surprise. A large cock that was clearly not white pushed through the hole. Margot hesitated, but Henrike leaned over to her and whispered "Tonight everything is permitted." Margot heard Jay's voice in her head, and relaxed, and just resolved to have fun. She examined the member as best she could. It was a large black cock, extremely hard and veined. It made Margot's hand seem quite small as she stroked it, and she did her best to take as much in her mouth as possible. A knock from the other side of the room drew Henrike's attention. Two at once! Luckily there were two ladies to handle this work. As if leading by example, and giving Margot permission to act, Henrike stood, and walked to the other side of the room. She bent over and pushed her ass back against the wall, reaching down between her legs, grabbing hold of the hard member and inserting it into her pussy. She moaned, while stroking Margot's breast. 

Margot couldn't stand it any longer. Taking Henrike's example, she did the same, backing up against the thick cock emerging from the wall, and placing the head against her pussy. She still paused before proceeding. Henrike cried "Do it! I want to see you fucking that thick cock. I want to see it inside your beautiful pussy!" as she ground her as back against her own toy. Margot could wait no longer and she pushed back, taking an inch at a time until she was very full. Her eyes locked with Henrike, and the women watched each other fuck back against the anonymous cocks pushing into them. They each received their reward promptly, as another knock signaled that each man was about to cum. Henrike removed the cock from her pussy and dropped to her knees, allowing the warm spunk to splash against her pale, freckled skin. Margot couldn't take her eyes off this. She heard a knock from behind her, and knew that she should do the same as Henrike, but in the moment she was lost to her own primal desire, and simply pushed back, giving tacit permission to the black man to fill her up with his seed. His cock convulsed, and splattered her insides with warm sticky cum. As she felt the first shot, she came as well, with her pent up energy from the whole day Jay had created for her being released in one instant. She imagined his blue eyes staring into hers when they were together, as she screamed. As she came down from her orgasm, Margot felt very flattered that her pussy was good enough to create this effect for the man. He was clearly pleased with her as well. 

Henrike gasped a little, but smiled. She crawled over as the large black member popped from Margot's pussy, and she cleaned it with her tongue, before turning her attention to Margot's pussy, licking at the flood of cum oozing out, down her thighs. There was little time to recover as knocks from either side of the room came, and two new cocks emerged. Henrike took hold of the new cock nearest Margot's pussy and guided it into place. With the lube of cum from the previous man, this new cock slid in quite easily. Henrike then attended to her new charge, first sucking it, and then fucking it. Apparently, Margot's boldness inspired Henrike, because she allowed this cock to cum directly in her pussy. Margot would accept nothing less over the next hour, as she pleased with joy each cock she was presented with. For each cock she milked with her pussy, she felt incredibly relieved that the men found it desirable enough to release their cum into. 

After an hour, a knock came at the front door. No further cocks emerged, and Margot and Henrike dressed each other and put their masks back into place. Their hair, faces, bodies, and pussies were covered in sticky cum. Margot's pussy had never been so sore. Before leaving, Henrike smiled and said "I understand you fucked my husband last week. I didn't give him my permission, but I see why he couldn't resist an opportunity with you. I'm sure that tonight I fucked Jay, so we are even. I look forward to seeing you again soon! You are so beautiful!" The door opened, and the men were waiting for their women. Jay gave Margot a deep kiss. She momentarily felt shame that she had behaved so badly, but he only smiled at her. He whispered into her ear "That's my good girl." Henrike gave Margot one last kiss, and before departing with her husband in tow. 

Margot prepared to leave as well, but Jay pushed her back into the room, forcefully, and shut the door behind them. He spun her around facing the wall, pushed her against it roughly, grabbed her by the throat with his right hand, lifted her skirt with his left, and examined her drenched pussy with his fingers. She could barely breathe, and considered using her safe word "black cat", but she trusted her lover. If she blacked out, so be it. He relaxed his grip, and she realized what was coming. She would be punished for her behavior tonight... 

His cock was hard in a flash, and he scooped a mixture of her juices, and the cum of many men, from her pussy, onto her ass. He inserted his cock directly into her ass, which, after a week of being fucked daily, was now properly trained to receive his cock. 

"I'm sure your pussy is very sore," Jay said as he fucked her asshole hard, and smacked the cheek of her ass. "I saw everything. There is a two way mirror, with lighting, in each of the other rooms. You were the main attraction. A little cum slut. I was very proud of how you handled yourself, for all the men I invited to enjoy you. You did very well tonight. But of course, you must be punished." 

"How will you punish me, sir?" Margot asked, "This feels too good. I don't deserve such treatment after I was such a slut!" she cried as his cock disappeared into her ass. 

"You're right. I considered that. Your punishment is that you will not receive my cum into your pussy again tonight." 

"Ohhhh, no!" Margot whined, genuinely heartbroken, at this turn of events. "I want it in my pussy! Please?!" 

"No." Jay said sternly. "Get on your knees!" He removed his cock from her ass. 

Margot obeyed, though she was disappointed she would not receive his cum where she really wanted it. He grabbed the back of her head and guided his cock into her mouth where he quickly came, pumping his hips, and emptying his balls down her throat. She looked up at him with her beautiful eyes, with gratitude and love. 

In the taxi on the way to drop her off at home, Margot leaned her head against her lover's shoulder and slept. Jay held her, and looked at her quietly in the dark, his perfect girl. He knew he was very deeply in love.