 This is part seven of our story. While it can be enjoyed individually, reading previous chapters may help you to get to know Margot and Jay better. We join our story in progress - Margot has fallen madly in love with Jay, and has embarked on her sexual awakening as his submissive. After a mildly eventful road trip, the couple settles into their hotel in Ljubljana, Slovenia, for a relaxing weekend...

*****

After some early sightseeing the next day, Jay had planned a couples' massage for them at an exclusive club/parlor in the city. From all of their talks, Jay knew Margot had a number of fantasies surrounding massages, so he endeavored to create the perfect afternoon to fulfill them all. The club was well known in some circles, and provided massage lessons and sessions for couples with varying tastes. Jay had heard of the club from a former student, and when planning the trip to Ljubljana, knew they had to experience it. 

Upon entering, Rita, a young and supple brunette, greeted them, and invited them over to the bar for a drink to relax beforehand. She was an Eastern European beauty, with an incredible figure, soft pale skin, and mesmerizing brown eyes. Rita called to Ernesto, who joined them as well. He was a much darker skinned young Spaniard, with thick black hair, a perfect physique, and great hands for massage. He flirted with both Rita and Margot as the foursome all enjoyed a drink together, building rapport and becoming at ease with each other for the session to come. Rita and Ernesto met at a massage school in Spain, were married, and moved back to Slovenia to open their club a few years ago. Rita wore only white yoga pants and bra, and Ernesto, a white robe 

After a second drink, they all headed back to the main room, a beautiful atrium, filled with sunlight, landscaped plants, ponds, and flowers. The gentle sounds of falling water completed the very serene environment. Love seats were positioned around the center of the room where several massage tables were featured. One of these tables was very wide, the size of a queen sized bed. 

Rita explained the day's agenda. "We conduct classes here, but today our services are entirely at your disposal! Jay has told us that the two of you would like to learn some massage techniques that would please each other, as well as enjoy some time to simply relax so we will work on all of that this afternoon. Please undress in the changing rooms and return here when ready!" 

Jay and Margot shared a changing room where two white silken robes were laid out for them. Margot began to undress, but Jay stopped her. "Wait, that's my job" he said, as he kneeled and unzipped her boots, removing one after the other. He stood, and unbuttoned her blouse, nuzzling her neck and giving her small kisses whenever and wherever he exposed new flesh. He removed her bra, kissing, but not lingering, on her nipples. He unzipped her skirt, and pulled down her stockings, kissing her belly, hips, the cheeks of her ass, thighs, and running his hands up and down her smooth legs. Finally when she was naked he held her robe for her. 

"Rita and Ernesto are here to make us feel good and to provide maximum pleasure. Feel free to enjoy all of the afternoon's delights." Jay explained as he kissed his beautiful Margot. 

Meeting back in the atrium, Ernesto asked for a volunteer to get started. "Go ahead" Jay offered to Margot. "I think he's more your type anyway." Margot stepped forward. 

Ernesto had shed his robe, and was barefoot and topless, with only loose white silk pants on. Margot moved to hop up on one of the smaller tables, but Ernesto reminded her that she still had her robe on! With a blush, she removed it, exposing her nude body to the other three sets of eyes in the room. She was not used to exposing herself this way in such direct sunlight, and felt momentarily ashamed of her figure. She looked over at Rita, fifteen years younger, likely without children, and in amazing shape. 

"You're beautiful!" Rita exclaimed, as she took her robe. Margot searched her eyes and saw genuineness there, and it made her feel a little better. Ernesto asked her to lay face down on the table, covered her back and his hands with oil, and demonstrated several techniques that would help with her back pain. After this, he moved on to a full body massage, covering her in oil, and moving down her body with his expert hands. They lingered on her ass, as he made some circling motions. His thumbs parted her cheeks several times, and made contact with her rosebud over and over, exploring more fully each time. She cooed gently as he did this, appreciating how his thumbs made the sensitive skin around her asshole feel. When he moved to her thighs, his hands traveled all the way upward, and now his fingers would make incidental contact with her pussy, occasionally brushing up against it. "You're a beautiful woman" he reinforced, as he did this. "That is because I'm laying face down!" she joked. He had finished moving down her body and returned to her head, massaging her neck and shoulders. "No, exploring your body with my hands has been my pleasure. As you see." 

Margot looked up, and was eye level with Ernesto's crotch. She certainly did see that he was sporting a massive erection pointing directly at her under his loose pants. She looked over at Jay, who was sitting next to Rita on the loveseat with an erection of his own. That erection was in Rita's hand, and she stroked it very slowly for him, not wanting things to move too quickly. Margot turned back to Ernesto, glad she had this effect on him, and reached for the waistband of his pants. She pulled them down and his large member popped out into view. It was long, solid, and looked delicious, and she took it in her hand to feel the girth. He drizzled some oil on his cock and her hand, and she gave it a few pumps to become better acquainted. His hands continued working on her shoulders as he leaned over her, bringing his dick closer for her mouth.

Margot began to kiss the shaft, and Rita began to do the same for Jay, keeping pace with the scene in front of them. Margot opened her mouth and filled it with that warm, thick cock, enjoying the feel of it in her mouth. She bobbed her head several times and watched as Rita did the same to Jay. Margot and Jay's eyes locked as each enjoyed the feeling from new partners and the sight in front of them.

Rita came up for air and said "Okay, if we want this to last, it's time for the next lesson," The couples disengaged, and Rita handed Margot her robe saying "You will want to watch closely, as it will be your turn to work on Jay next" with a smile.

Margot sat on the loveseat and Ernesto took his place next to her, his hand on her thigh. Jay shed his robe and climbed onto the larger table, centered himself, and lay face up, his semi-hard cock on display. Rita began with a standard massage, and then switched to a massage gel, which she coated Jay with. She removed her top, and surprisingly, her yoga pants, revealing a completely smooth body with a bare pussy. She coated herself in the gel as well and climbed on the table, working her way up Jay's body, pushing her ample breasts along every square inch of his skin. She worked her way all the way up, at first not lingering too long at his cock, but then returned to it, and allowed it to slide in between her breasts, which she held together and stroked his dick with. He was now fully erect, and as she stroked his cock with her breasts, she would occasionally pop the head of his cock into her mouth. 

Ernesto's hand had been sliding up Margot's thigh, and was now making contact with her pussy, which was soaking wet as always. Margot watched Jay and Rita intensely, and as Rita straddled Jay's lap, she felt Ernesto slip two fingers into her. She gasped but kept watching, wondering if Jay's dick was inside Rita. Rita had not moved that quickly, simply allowing Jay's cock to rub along the lips of her pussy. She spent several minutes just stroking his cock with her pussy, teasing him, but she was becoming hungry for a cock inside her as well at this point. She slowed and turned to look at Margot. "Are you ready to give it a try? I think I have teased him about as much as I can handle."

Ernesto removed his fingers and walked Margot over to the large table and took her robe off for her. Rita came over and stood alongside them, and they both coated Margot in the gel, four hands wandering all over her body, rubbing her breasts and massaging her cunt and ass as they worked the gel all over her. At one point, each of their hands was on her pussy, and she felt fingers from each of them pushing inside her. Also in this moment, Rita massaged and then inserted her middle finger into Margot's ass. Margot could feel Rita's breasts pushing against her as well and her pussy gushed onto their fingers. She was ready to rub her body all over her man.

Rita helped her up onto the table and talked her though the motions. She slid up and down Jay as Rita had, stroked his cock with her tits as Rita had, and finally straddled his cock as she had. Margot was trying to be patient and tease Jay's dick with her bare pussy, but she was becoming too anxious, so in front of Ernesto and Rita, Margot reached down and simply guided Jay's cock fully into her pussy. She was so relieved to feel full, and lowered herself to Jay's chest, kissing him, and riding him. She orgasmed very quickly as she had been so pent up, but kept riding. She knew two others were watching her, and though she felt self-conscious all of a sudden, she pressed on. Ernesto walked to the side of them, and took his cock out. Margot reached out for it, and pulled him to her. She took his cock into her mouth, again enjoying the full feeling, and allowed herself to be fucked by these two men. Rita had climbed onto the table and was sucking on Jay's balls as he thrust into Margot. She then inserted her finger into Margot's ass once more while she licked up and down along Jay's shaft, and then Margot's pussy, as the two were connected.

Ernesto moved from Margot's mouth to his wife's pussy and entered Rita from behind as she continued to minister to the union of Jay's cock and Margot's cunt. He grabbed her hips and was fully standing on the ground while he fucked his wife up on the table. Jay and Margot both looked back to enjoy the view of these two lovely specimens mating.

Rita was finger fucking Margot's ass at this point, looked back at Ernesto, and said "Get up here and fuck her ass. I want to watch the two of you fill her up together." He did as requested, and reluctantly left his wife's moist cunt. He was rewarded with Margot's readied ass, which he eased into, the gel, and her preparedness making it an easy enough entrance. Margot gasped as she felt the two cocks filling her completely, and then stroking into her together. Her ass was stretched around Ernesto's cock, and the sensations of being stretched this way in both ass and pussy were overwhelming. 

Rita simply stood back and watched two cocks disappearing into Margot, again and again. She loved the way the three of them looked, as if they were two male animals both simply taking what they needed from a female's body, who was much smaller than them. Rita sat on a loveseat alone, spread her legs, and rubbed her clit while sliding two fingers up and into her pussy. When Margot screamed with a powerful orgasm, Rita let loose as well, and the two women came together, though one was only watching, and the other, penetrated by two cocks. 

This scene continued for only a minute or two more because Jay, so aroused by knowing his woman was filled with two cocks, hearing both women cum, and feeling Ernesto's solid cock through Margot's body, began grunting and cumming hard into her pussy, with a large load for her. She was kissing him the entire time, and continued this, as Ernesto let himself go as well and filled her bowels up with a howl. The three of them were a sticky mess, with oil, gel, and cum all over, and Margot was weak in the knees as she climbed off the table.

Rita came over helpfully with a towel, and suggested a shower for them all to clean up. They all entered the shower room together, and Jay began soaping up Margot's body, and running his hands all over her. Rita stood behind him, and did the same, while Ernesto cared for his wife. The foursome were finally clean, but all the touching of course had both men at half mast. Rita took Jay's cock in hand, and so Margot cared for Ernesto, as both women used the soap to tug the men to full hardness. There was a moment they all looked at each other wondering what the next configuration would be, but Rita solved this problem by placing her hands against the tiled wall, leaning forward, and pushing her ass back out in Jay's direction. She had been so disciplined earlier on the table, resisting his cock, but now she wanted to try out something new. He was certainly curious to experience her as well, so moved behind her, positioned his cock at her cunt, and slid up inside. 

Ernesto assumed that Margot would want the same, but she said "No, I want to watch" as she leaned back against the tiled wall, and pulled Ernesto to her. He had to lower himself a bit for the angle, but finally was able to line his cock up and push upwards into Margot's pussy, as the water cascaded over them. He kissed her neck, but her eyes never left Jay and Rita, as Jay's hands held Rita's hips as he thrust into her forcefully. Margot was preoccupied watching Jay. She wondered if he would cum into Rita's pussy, and worried that he found this young vixen tighter than she, or if she would give him greater pleasure. Ernesto thrust away, enjoying himself, and was concerned with nothing. 

Margot was nearly oblivious when Ernesto began shooting hot cum directly into her pussy, but Jay heard his grunts and turned, watching another man empty his load into Margot, and then disengage. He smiled, and let his cock slip from Rita, walking over to them. Margot had tears in her eyes, being washed away by the droplets of water misting her face from the nearby shower, but Jay knew her fears. He answered them silently, and with his hand moving to her neck he pressed her back against the wall, hooked her leg with his arm, and entered her, not caring that another man had just withdrawn. Rita and Ernesto left them alone in the shower. Margot wrapped her arms around Jay's neck. "You looked so beautiful my love" he whispered into her ear as he fucked "with his cock inside you." 

"So did you, baby" she said "She is so beautiful too. Rita. Not like me." Her voice broke on these last three words as she turned her head to the side away from him, and closed her eyes. Jay continued to thrust into her body. "She couldn't make me cum. Not even close." Jay said, and moments later he came again, flooding Margot's soaked pussy with another load. Margot turned back to face him, kissed him, pressed her nose against his, and smiled. Her hands ran through his wet hair. He pushed her hair behind her ears to look at her face more easily. Jay and Margot stood there together a long time, letting the water wash over them as they looked at each other, held one another, and talked gently of many things.