 It was bound to happen one day, an inevitability. How many times had they taken that path? Ten times? Twenty times? Whatever the number it was always with the same thrill, the same excitement. The idea of doing something forbidden, something naughty was ever present.

That day was the same as the others, they set off early, it was going to be a hot day. She was wearing a skirt but no underwear as he had ordered her. He let her go before him up the path, that way he could see the curve of her arse as she climbed the hill. She knew he was watching, the thought excited her, she knew the effect of seeing her behind had on him. Imagining his excitement she felt her pussy start to get wet, she started thinking about was going to happen when they reached their destination.

They continued up the hill, passed by only one solitary hiker. They were alone as always, the reason behind their choice of destination. The closer they drew, the more the excitement increased. They turned off the path and went through the pine trees to the flat rock they had discovered by chance.

"Stop" he said "pull up your skirt and lie on your back."

She executed his instructions as she always did. Her excitement grew as he blindfolded her. Her pussy was dripping with expectation. She could feel his breath between her thighs. His tongue started to circle her clit, slowly and gently, his fingers caressing her breasts. The blindfold heightened her senses, she could feel the orgasm building inside her.

"More." she implored, but he was unmoved, he controlled the situation, aroused by her excitement. 

"Beg me, you little slut." he said.

"Please, make me come." she cried, she could wait no longer. He speeded up the movements of his tongue, she arched her back, pushing her pussy in to his face.

"Yes, yes, yes," she cried "it's so fucking good" and moaning loudly, she came.

Swiftly he pulled out his hard fat cock, "would you like me to fuck you?" He asked, "fuck you like a dirty whore?" 

"Yes my love" she replied "I need your cock so badly".

She was still lying on her back, he lifted her legs and plunged his cock into her sopping pussy. She was so tight, he could feel her pussy gripping his cock. He pushed in as deep as he could and started thrusting into her pussy faster and faster. As he fucked her his hands gripped her throat, she moaned in pleasure as she felt his hard cock deep inside her. She soon came again as he fucked her deep and hard.

"Turn over my love." he commanded. Quick to obey she positioned herself on all fours. "Would you like me to fuck you in the arse my dirty little slut?"

"Please my love." she answered, knowing how much she loved to feel his cock in her anus. Using her abundant pussy juices he positioned his cock at the entrance of her arse and started to push. There was a little resistance but he could feel his hard cock slowly entering her back passage.

"Oh my love, it feels so good," she gasped "fuck me harder." He started to push harder and was soon deep in her arse. He began to accelerate his movements and her cries echoed the pleasure she was receiving. As he fucked he spanked her arse, the pain only adding to her pleasure.

Suddenly out of the corner of his eye he noticed a movement, someone was observing them. It was the solitary hiker who had passed them on the way up. He had his cock in his hand and was jerking off to the spectacle before him. Without pausing his movements, he beckoned to the hiker to come over. Hesitantly the hiker came forward. She was still blindfolded and was gasping with pleasure as she was being fucked in the arse. The hiker stood in front of her 

"My love, I want you to trust me," he panted "I want you to open your mouth." As always she obeyed, the hiker put his hard cock to her lips and with a cry of pleasure she greedily started to suck the hiker's cock.

She was in heaven, her arse being fucked by her lover's hard cock and sucking a total stranger's cock at the same time. She came for a third time, shaking and moaning. She came so hard she almost fainted. She collapsed in a sweaty heap on the rock, her body abused. The two men stood before her and jerked off until they came all over her face, their semen dripping down over her nose and mouth. 

"Now you must clean our cocks like a good slut". Anxious to please she executed the order with relish, sucking the two cocks clean. Once the hiker's cock was finished, he dressed quickly and left without a word.

"You have been a good submissive slut, my love," he said. "you may remove the blindfold." She blinked in the bright sunlight and looked up into the face of her lover. She could see his satisfaction and looking at her sweaty come-stained body she could see why. The couple kissed passionately before adjusting their clothes and setting off back down the path.