 A follow-up to "Enjoying A Party". Read that first to get an idea of why Sandra is in the state of mind she is in.

*

All through the Sunday Sandra couldn't get the picture of Carol on the sofa out of her head. She wasn't sure whether it was Carol's near-nakedness and vulnerability that got her excited or what she imagined had happened to her. Given the moans that Sandra had been hearing whilst Stephan was working on her, she was certain that Carol had allowed herself to be fucked in front of everyone (except Sandra & Stephan) at the party. There was obviously something about Stephan that made Carol give herself over to his whims so completely and Sandra wondered if it was his sexual prowess. He had certainly known what buttons to press on Sandra but could anything more actually happen between them. After all she had told him that it was a one-time opportunity that he'd missed. Could she really go back on that?

On Monday Sandra spent the morning cleaning around the house. It was very warm and muggy and by lunchtime she was in need of a shower. She stood under the cool water and her mind drifted back to her experience at the party. Before she really understood what she was doing Sandra had exited from the shower, dried off, slipped on another of her light summer dresses and was on the train heading across to Stephan's house. All the way across she was aware of not having put on any underwear and was getting excited from the thought of Stephan's reaction when he saw her like that. Sandra felt that everybody on the train was able to tell that she was naked under the dress. Her excitement seemed apparent to her because of the prominence of her nipples under the dress. The slight rubbing of the material helped keep them in their erect state. Although she spent most of the time looking down to her lap reading her book, whenever she lifted her eyes from her book she caught men surreptitiously glancing at her chest.

When Sandra arrived at Stephan's house she was extremely excited -- by the naughty thoughts she had had on way across and by the memories of her experiences at the party. Sandra had a very clear picture of what she must have looked like to Stephan as she sat on his kitchen counter and was then laid out on the table for his inspection. She was looking forward to being back in the latter position and feeling Stephan's cock entering her slowly. Then she would take him upstairs and show him just how dirty she could be! Sandra couldn't help herself and loosened a few of the buttons at the top and bottom of the dress to make it more revealing. She then rang the doorbell. 

Before the door opened Sandra thought she could hear voices in the living room but decided it was probably just the TV. Perhaps Stephan was watching a porn movie to make up for Sandra turning him down. Only moments later, however, Stephan opened the door and did a double-take as he saw Sandra and the sexy summer dress she was wearing. 

"Hi Sandra" he said loudly whilst "It was good of you to stop by. Did you know that Carol was off work?"

Sandra hesitated as she took in what he was saying and was about to re-fasten some of the buttons she had just loosened when Stephan took her by the hand and escorted her over the threshold. Sandra felt an electric charge pass through her when Stephan's hand made contact with her skin but resigned herself to a friendly drink with Carol and Stephan before heading back home. John would get a pleasant surprise when he got home. Her aroused state would definitely have benefits for him. As Sandra walked into the living room she was about to greet Carol when she realised that three of the men from Saturday's party were also in the room. Given their expressions Sandra could not have felt more naked if she had done away with her dress as well as her underwear.

Stephan introduced Mark, Bob and Dave to Sandra. Sandra recognised Mark and Bob as the two men who had been working on Carol at the party. She felt her mouth go dry as the image of Carol at their mercy came flooding back. All three of them said how pleased they were to see her and that Stephan had told them so much about her. Sandra wasn't sure how to reply and suddenly realised that everyone was staring at her half-open dress. Carol saved the situation by grabbing Sandra by the arm and pulling her into the kitchen. 

"I'm surprised you're here. I was sure that you didn't like Stephan's friends" she whispered as soon as the two women were out of the hearing range of the people in the living room. 

"Me too. You're right, I don't. I'm not sure why I'm here except that I haven't been able to get the image of you on the sofa out of my mind. I wanted to come round and talk to you about it. I thought that as you weren't at work we could talk privately. I didn't know Mark was here."

"So tell me Sandra, are you aroused by what happened to me or are you here to 'save me from myself'? I hope it's the former because I definitely don't need saving. And I'm sure the men would be only too happy to have you in my place."

"God, Carol, I thought it was the latter but now I'm here I accept that I am so excited by what I saw. Whenever I see it in my mind's eye I can feel myself becoming aroused. Nothing I have seen has ever had such an affect on me. Whether I could coldly take your place knowing that would happen is not something I am sure about. Can we just go back and chat for a while?" 

There was definitely a sparkle in Carol's eyes as she said "Yes, OK, let's go back in the living room. I've got to admit that thought of watching you with Stephan and his friends is arousing but I'm willing to wait and see how you feel and whether things develop."

Sandra had definitely not planned a girlie chat for the afternoon but she had been thinking about Carol's vulnerability regularly since the party and it had kept her excited since then. She was beginning to think that if she went back into the living room and sat down with Carol then there was every possibility that a similar thing would happen to her. Was she ready for that? Before she had a chance to make up her own mind, Carol said "Come on, let's go back and just see how things develop. If at any point you decide things have gone too far just say so." With that she led Sandra back into the living room.

Carol unbuttoned a few buttons at the top of her blouse and blew down her front as both women entered the living room. There was an air of expectation and Stephan got up from the sofa to get them some drinks. The tops of Carol's breasts were visible and Stephan's friends were staring at her while Sandra sat down where Stephan had been sitting. Sandra was aware that almost no matter how she sat, it would be very difficult to prevent the Mark and Bob sitting in the chairs across from her from seeing straight up her dress. Sandra managed to cross her legs while their attention was on Carol, thereby delaying the revelation of her panty-less state. She had no doubt that once that was discovered she would be under a lot of pressure to succumb to the men's attentions. 

Carol sat down next to Sandra, pushing her into the middle of the sofa with Dave on the other side of her. That made Sandra's dress ride higher up her thighs and actually went as far as baring part of her bum at the side at which Carol was sitting. Sandra looked at Carol and as she looked at Sandra's revealed skin, Carol's nipples suddenly became very prominent. Sandra was taken aback by the rapid reaction but it confirmed what Carol had been saying in the kitchen about how she felt about this situation. Sandra realised that her last ally was disappearing and along with her any hope of avoiding a debauched afternoon 

"Gosh, these short skirts are awkward in this heat." Carol said as she apparently tried to lower her skirt but only succeeded in revealing more of her own legs. Just then Stephan returned, carrying drinks for Carol and Sandra and a tray of ice cubes.

"If anybody needs to be cooled down I can help" Stephan said. Before Carol or Sandra understood what he was saying he had dropped an ice cube right down Sandra's dress. Of course, with no bra to prevent its passage it went between her breasts and continued downwards. Sandra jumped up, sitting up straight on the sofa, completely forgetting to keep her legs crossed as she scrambled retrieve the ice cube. Having passed beyond her breasts the ice cube settled on Sandra's stomach and felt very cold. Sandra loosened a button but the ice cube just slipped further down, so only after unbuttoning another one did she manage to retrieve it. As Sandra got it out she realised that Mark and Bob were looking straight up her dress, and were no doubt aware that she was not wearing any panties. 

She looked up to see Stephan waving an ice cube over Carol's head, threatening to drop it down her blouse. When he saw Sandra looking he turned his attention back to her and proceeded to threaten her with the ice cube. Sandra fought him while trying to keep her dignity but, of course, as she wriggled and moved to avoid the ice cube the opening in the dress where the two middle buttons were undone was moving higher up her body as her dress did the same, especially when she lifted her arms to defend herself. Sandra realised that the bottom of her breasts were revealed through the opening so she dropped her hands in her lap. When her hands dropped Stephan put the ice cube between his lips then leant over Carol and kissed her, allowing the ice cube to transfer into Carol's mouth. When Carol and Stephan separated he moved across to Sandra, took hold of her head and pressed it backwards so that it was resting on the edge of the sofa. He then leaned down and kissed Sandra. Despite the proximity of her friend (or because of it) Sandra felt a jolt of excitement pass through her body. Sandra couldn't help herself and her arms reached up to take hold of Stephan's head so that she could press her lips firmly against his.

With her arms above her, wrapped around Stephan's neck, she felt a hand move across her body and loosen another button on her dress. It was quickly followed by another button being 'popped'. Sandra realised that she was probably exposed from her breasts downwards to Stephan's friends but she was revelling in the passionate kiss with Stephan, his tongue now moving into her mouth, and did not want it to stop. That fact that it was Carol who had loosened the buttons on her dress did not register until she felt a soft, obviously woman's, hand moving over her body. The hand moved upwards to loosen the last of the buttons and Sandra felt the dress being moved aside to ensure that she was completely exposed to the others in the room. The fact that Carol had performed these last steps made Sandra feel even more aroused.

Sandra kept having pictures in her mind of what Carol looked like on the sofa at the party and realised that it was now her in a very similar situation. She felt hands start to roam over her body and just did not care whose they were. When the hands gently skimmed over her breasts she thrust her chest forwards encouraging more firm contact and moaning into Stephan's mouth. Her nipples were already erect and Sandra felt pleasure surge through her body when they were taken between fingers and thumbs and pinched and pulled. A mouth attached itself to each breast, covering each nipple. Sandra assumed that it was Carol and Dave kissing her breasts and when a tongue rolled around one nipple whilst teeth gently bit another, she knew she was lost and her first orgasm rolled over her.

As her orgasm eased away Sandra felt a hand on each leg gently easing them wider apart. She could imagine the view being presented to Mark and Bob, still sitting opposite her, and it brought to mind the view that Stephan had had of her at the party. Sandra dropped her arms and her dress was eased off her shoulders and someone eased it out from behind her, leaving her completely naked except for her shoes. Sandra lifted her feet up onto the sofa and Carol and Dave each removed a shoe. Sandra was tempted to just let her legs fall widely apart to expose her slit completely but instead released Stephan's neck and shuffled down the sofa so that she could put her feet on the floor and position her slit just at the edge of the sofa, begging to be touched.

Sandra looked up to see Stephan again staring lustfully at her body. The expression on his face being a carbon copy of the one she saw in the kitchen at the party.

Mark, who had been sitting opposite Sandra enjoying the spectacle unfolding in front of him, moved off his chair and edged towards Sandra on his knees. He stared into her eyes as he edged forward and then moved his head downwards. He tore his eyes from Sandra's and looked downwards, at which point Sandra closed her eyes and awaited his touch. As his tongue started licking her lips, Sandra gasped with pleasure. She was definitely enjoying herself. Sandra opened her eyes and looked at Carol then reached towards her friend and started pulling her blouse from her skirt. Carol took the hint and started undoing the remaining buttons. Sandra watched as Carol's breasts became visible as her blouse was removed. She stretched her hand until it came into contact with one of Carol's breasts then gave it a gentle squeeze. Carol was chewing her lower lip as her nipple seemed to become even more distended. Sandra rolled a nipple between her fingers and Carol closed her eyes.

Stephan had moved around the sofa and was now in front of Carol. As she enjoyed the sensations triggered by Sandra's fingers he unzipped Carol's skirt, removed it and then lowered Carol's panties, revealing her pussy. Stephan showed no hesitation, he promptly dropped to his knees in front of Carol and started licking her pussy. Both women were now moaning with pleasure from the stimulation of their breasts and their pussies.

Sandra looked down as the licking at her pussy stopped. Mark had dropped his trousers and was positioning himself between her legs. He looked at Sandra and the lust in his eyes told Sandra that she was about to be penetrated and there was no way to stop it even if she wanted to. Sandra looked at his dick and was disappointed that it was not very big, but it was jerking with each beat of his pulse. Sandra looked him in the eyes and nodded, encouraging him to go ahead. She watched him as he slowly slid his cock into her. She was so wet that he bottomed out with his first thrust. Soon he was working hard pumping in and out of Sandra's well lubricated pussy. Having already orgasmed once, Sandra was slowly starting to build towards another climax when he exploded. He pulled out the very last second and sprayed an enormous amount of sperm over Sandra's stomach and the sofa.

He moved out of the way and Bob took his place. This second cock was slightly thicker than the first one and a good inch longer. Again, he had no trouble bottoming out with his first thrust into Sandra. After a few thrusts Sandra wanted to change position so she held him at bay while she turned around and knelt on the sofa with her forehead resting on her arms on the back of the sofa. The new position caused her breasts to hang down and the Dave worked his way underneath Sandra, attempting to lick her breasts as she thrust herself backwards against the Bob's cock. The combined rhythm caused her breasts to bounce around wildly and he eventually decided that using his hands to maul them was a more effective option. 

As she looked to her side, Sandra saw Carol positioning herself against the back of the sofa and Stephan climbing up with his trousers removed. Sandra was finally getting to see the cock she had wondered about since the party and had been looking forward to trying out this afternoon. Stephan's cock was longer than the cock currently inside her but a bit thinner. He stroked it a few times as Sandra and Carol watched then moved forwards to feed it into Carol's mouth.

After Carol had licked and sucked for a few minutes Stephan withdrew his cock from her mouth, climbed down and walked around the sofa until he was directly in front of Sandra. As Sandra reached forward to take hold of Stephan's cock Dave moved out from under her. Sandra wanted to take Stephan's cock into her mouth so she stopped working with the man fucking her and let him take over, setting his own rhythm and pumping in and out of her whilst hold her hips. As she wrapped her lips around Stephan's cock she heard Carol moan and saw that Dave was now fucking Carol. Stephan moved forward causing Sandra's mouth to be filled with his cock.

Stephan was becoming more excited by watching his girlfriend and Sandra both being well and truly fucked and with Sandra's mouth expertly working on his cock. The combined sensation of being fucked from behind, working on Stephan's cock and hearing Carol's screams as she started to come, brought Sandra back to the edge. As the tension mounted Sandra worked harder on Stephan, hoping to bring him off before she herself came. Sandra didn't manage that for suddenly she exploded in a violent shudder, which made her collapse and she let go of Stephan to concentrate on her own orgasm. As she looked to the side Sandra saw Carol in the throws of an orgasm too. Carol opened her eyes and looked at Sandra and they smiled at each other. They had shared various experiences, even some boyfriends in the past, but had never been in a position like this before. After a brief hesitation both women started laughing, much to the consternation of the men. 

When they stopped laughing, Carol leant over and gave Sandra a kiss on her cheek. She then raised a hand and pulled Sandra down towards her. The two women started kissing each other gently and then both felt the men who were still embedded inside their pussies start their thrusting again. The spectacle of the women kissing and playing with each others' breasts, although friendly as opposed to passionately, urged the men on. They were soon pumping rapidly into the women and first one then the other suddenly withdrew and unloaded their sperm on the women's bodies.

The only man who still hadn't had an orgasm yet was Stephan. He walked back around to the front of the sofa and slowly stroked his tool. Stephan was spoilt for choice but did the diplomatic thing and moved between his girlfriend's legs. He eased his cock inside her slit which caused Carol to moan with pleasure into Sandra's mouth After a few minutes Stephan withdrew from Carol and moved behind Sandra. As he entered her, he directed Sandra to move down so that her head was between Carol's legs. Carol also adjusted her position so that was more or less lying on the sofa with one leg on the floor and the other over the back. This made her wide open in front of Sandra. Sandra had never been in this position before but she bent down and started to lick the inside of Carol's thighs. Mark, Bob and Dave had moved so they could watch from Carol's end of the sofa and Sandra was aware of everybody's eyes on her as her lips made contact with Carol's pussy. 

Stephan, in his excitement, was pushing Sandra hard but she used her hands to part Carol's lips and finally placed her mouth right over Carol's clit. Carol wanted to touch Sandra, direct her, tell her what she wanted and to speed up, but it was only with each of Stephan's strikes that Sandra made contact with Carol's exposed clit. With each push by Stephan Sandra would lick Carol's clit. When he was faster the licking was faster, when he slowed down the licking was slower. Carol was finding it frustrating then Mark moved forward and placed his hand over Carol's clit and started teasing her with gentle circular motions. Sandra then lifted her head away as Stephan's pace increased. He suddenly stopped and Sandra could feel the head of his cock expand inside her and then felt him spurt. The sensation of Stephan shooting his sperm inside her, caused a mini tremor to hit her body and her head dropped to rest on Carol's thigh. As she watched, Mark continued to stimulate Carol's clit and Sandra noticed that his fingers were also working in and out of her slit. 
