 After the kids had all moved out Robert and I found ourselves alone with little in common. I wondered if all these years it had been all about the children. I wondered if Rob and I really had any reason to stay together. We rarely had sex any more. We did not talk except at breakfast and dinner. We seldom went to bed at the same time any more. We did very little together. 

Then one day Rob came home and said that he had been down to the new bowling alley. He asked me if I'd like to start bowling. He had found out that there was an evening league for first time bowlers and that was for us if I agreed. I was not too keen on the idea but if it allowed us to once again do something together and share a common interest I was all for it. 

I had been so worried about what I was feeling and my own worried I had forgotten Robert was really a pretty good partner and he did often take the lead. I was surprised that he had noticed all the things I had been thinking about and gone out and done something about it. Robert was once again a man of action and not at all the old stick in the mud I was beginning to believe he was. This time he had really surprised me and I was happy for that.

We signed up, got measured for shoes and we even picked out bowling balls. I thought they were a bit pricy but if this bowling brought us back together the price was well worth it.

We took instruction for an hour before we ever picked up a ball. We met two other couples about our age. Jim and Carol were in much the same situation as we. Their children had left the nest ad they were looking for something to do together. 

Denny and Mary were older grandparents in fact. However both seemed in excellent health and very active. 

Very active for a couple in there late fifties. But even at that they were only seventeen years our senior. 

I had been measured for my ball a week earlier and now I was about to roll it for the first time. I stood with my feet together. Slightly bent at the waist. Ball cradled in both hands in front of my right hip. I remembered to take five slow steps, pick a spot on the boards roll it to that spot this first time. Then were ever the ball went I could adjust the curve by rolling to a different spot next time.

My very first ball ever rolled right into the head pin and I got a slit. The pins were reset and I rolled to a spot just to the right of the first one. This time my ball hit the right pocket and I got nine pins. I was ecstatic. 

Robert did as well and we were both very happy. We three couples bowled several times with out keeping score as we were still learning how to roll the ball. After an hour we were told to come back in two days and we would play against another group of beginners. 

Robert and I were so happy that night after we shower we went to bed at the same time and Robert got amorous and we made love. I had a climax that was a total surprise as I had not had one in over four years. I liked this feeling and told Robert so. 

We arrived early in hopes of getting in a few frames before our first game ever. We found we were not alone in that idea. Every one even the other team were there early hoping for the same thing. However all the lanes were being used so we had to wait for our allotted time.

The six couples were introduced and we all went into the lounge for a drink while we waited. 

A couple on the other team a Tom and Sally seemed to be a kind of wild couple and very talkative. Tom was into race cars and Sally was big into helping out at the local hospital.

They seemed also to drink too much but they were very friendly and I for one got the idea they were some what overly friendly. 

Tom was a hugger and when he looked at me even though he was talking to every one there I felt like he was undressing me with his eyes. I did not know how to feel flattered or violated. I went the flattered route.

When our time came to bowl we were joined by another couple. So we were separated into groups of four and used two lanes. On our lane there was Robert and I Denny and Mary as one team. Our opponents were Tom and Sally and the new couple a Greg and Wilda.  

I was first and I was nervous. As I took my place on the lane I felt every eye on my behind. I heard Tom say "Karen's got nice form."

I knew he was saying this in a nice way but he was talking about my behind. I was now aware of how tight my slacks were. I have a slightly wider behind than I had a few years ago. However after two children and forty years on this body my back side had grown some. 

I rolled an eight and missed my spare. 

The new lady Wilda was next. She was in her early fifties with a well rounded figure. Her behind was not as wide as mine but overall she was still heavier. She was very busty and was dressed in such a way as to show off her forty four's. 

We all started joking and everyone seemed to be here to have a good time and socialize. This was getting to be really fun. Tom I noticed had on soft cotton slacks that hung so that his manhood was out lined as he sat back with his legs spread on the chairs where we waited for our turn. I was looking at Tom and he smiled and casually grabbed himself as if to adjust his well defined penis. I blushed. 

The light hearted conversation seemed to have lots of innuendos about sex and Wilda laughed a lot shaking her breasts for the guys to see. I was beginning to feel as if I had missed out on a lot of living over the years. I'm no prude but I was surprised at just how raw some of the kidding and remarks were getting. Everyone laughed and took it all in stride. I was the only one that seemed out of place. 

I whispered to Rob my concerns and he said these were just real friendly couples and here to have a good time. He did say that many couples our age had an open mind and some times did talk a lot about the seedier side of life... but it was all in fun. 

We all had a few more drinks as we sat waiting to bowl. I was missing my mark and the group laughed as I rolled a gutter ball. 

It was close to the end of the game when Sally a rather slim tiny lady turned to me and said "Tom and I would like you and Robert to join us for a drink after the game at our home."

Rob accepted the invitation for us. It seemed to me Tom watched me even more than before. I also noticed that Tom and Sally had their heads together several times before we packed it in and headed for the parking lot.

We pulled in behind Tom and Sally parking to the side of a two story brick with a three car garage to the side. It was an impressive home and grounds. Rob said something and Tom just said "We like it." 

Instead of going up to the front door we were lead around back. There was a large pool with a gazebo and lots of lounge chairs around it. 

There were two people already in the pool. It was of all things the last couple to join our group Greg and Wilda. 

How they got here before us was a mystery but there they were all naked frolicking in the deep end. 

I looked at Rob and he smiled back at me and said "Now don't be a prude." I let that go and watched as Greg and Wilda swam toward us. 

Tom said "Why don't we go in the house and have a drink. Then if you want too we can all get I the pool."

Once inside Tom explained that they were nudist and Greg and Wilda were also. Rob asked question about the nudist movement and where they went and I started to wonder if this bowling was a contrived set up for my benefit. 

Rob and I followed our host back out side as Greg and Wilda came out of the pool and wrapped themselves in white cotton robes. But not until we all had a good look at their bodies. Wilda was in her fifties chubby but not overly fat. But she was well endowed. Her forty fours' were round and swung as she moved around. Rob seemed to have his eyes fixed on her breasts. I could not help but notice that Greg was about half erect and his manhood was fully developed as one might say. 

Tom said "Sally and I would like you two to join us and enjoy the pool."

Rob looked at me smiling. I hunched my shoulders as if to say "I don' care. If you want to its' okay."

Robs' smile got wider and he said "We'd love too."

We were offered the use of a bedroom to remove our duds and given two white robes. I ask Rob what the hell this was all about. He said it was a surprise to him. I did not believe him. Even though I was thinking this was a planed event I still went along with it. I was still thinking this just might bring some spark back into Robert's and mine's love life. I was willing to give it a try.

Robert took me into his arms and kissed me very warmly and with passion. I felt life come into him as his cock pressed my leg. I told him I did not want him to walk out with a hard on. He lonely laughed and said "I noticed you looking at Greg's erection. I just thought I should be some what aroused too."

I reached down and grabbed him. I said "Just as long as it don't get too big. No need to show off."

He laughed and headed me toward the door. We stepped out and joined the others. Tom and Sally were now all wrapped up as were we. 

A second round of drinks had appeared on a table under the gazebo. The conversation was casual and mostly about the nudist camps and what all went on there. I listed and it did seem like a fun place and a great group of people.

A few moments later all of us dropped our robes and entered the pool. Rob swam and seemed to be enjoying himself I stayed in the shallow end. Sally cornered Rob at the other end and she seemed to be very close. Rob was smiling and he seemed to be straining to keep his face straight. I got the feeling maybe our host was fondling my husband and he was not objecting to her advances. 

I found myself completely at ease and not worried about the out come of her advances. Maybe it was the drinks maybe it was that I was also enjoying this freedom of being naked in front of strangers. 

Tom came up put his arm around me and said "Why don't we join the others in the deep water? You do swim don't you?"

I said I did and we moved toward the others gathered at the other end. But not before Tom managed to rub my leg with his aroused cock. 

I turned to him and he quickly lowered himself in the water and came up with his cock touching me right between the legs. 

I was surprised and wiggled to get back and his cock slipped right into me. He had his cock embedded all the way to the hilt and I had little to do with it. He lifted my leg and hooked it around his waist. His cock went in deeper. I had to grab him around the neck or fall back into the water. I grabbed and he scooped me up so both legs were around his waist and his sizeable cock was probing my insides. 

I said "What." 

But I stopped as he bounced me up and down a few times ramming in me with some force. I felt the strangest warmth come over me. Tom was fucking me and I liked the way it felt. I cried out "Oh my god."

I hugged Tom as his cock rammed in and out making waves all around us. I was holding on for dear life. I was feeling some thing I had never felt before. It was a strange kind of lust and freedom of expression. I wiggled and added my jerks to his. I was helping this stranger fuck me and I waned to climax and I wanted to feel him climax too. 

We seemed to be going in circles and I got an eye full as I looked down at the deep end. My darling husband was sitting on the edge of the pool. He was supporting himself with his arms as he leaned back. Wilda was facing the pool and straddling his face. She had her legs spread wide so her pussy was over his mouth. Sally had most of his cock in her mouth. Sally was still in the pool. Greg was behind Sally and even though I could not see I was sure he was fucking her. 

I let my eyes come back to Tom as he pushed up hard and I felt flooded with a warm sensation. I cried out as I joined him with my own climax. I seem to relax too much and Tom had to hold me to keep me from sinking into the water. 

I gained my composure and stood on my own. Tom walked me to the side of the pool and helped me out. Together we walked toward the others. Wilda had moved back and Robert was flat on his back as Sally licked the last of his cum from his wilting cock. 

He turned his head and looked up at me. He could only smile.

Tom put his arm around my shoulders and proclaimed to all that he had been well taken care of. I blushed and said "It looks like my darling husband has also met this match."

Sally said "Karen: We're all into swinging and we're sorry you were brought into our little circle with such a bang. If you're not willing to join us we'll understand. We never meant to push you into anything you did not want to do willingly."

Tom said "I surely don't what to speak for anyone else but Karen seemed to be very willing to let me have my way. She not only let me do my thing she reacted and responded and I do believe had a full and complete climax."

I hung my head looking down at Robert. He smiled and blinked as if to say "Baby I really did not plan this."

I said "All I can say at this time is we'll talk about this at home and we'll let you know how we feel after the drinks ware off."

Greg had come over and was standing next to me. With Tom on one side and Greg on the other I felt as if I was being put upon again. 

I don't know why but I let my hand touch Tom cock and my other hand touched Greg's hard on. I did not grab either cock at first. I just let my open hand rest on their erections. Wilda was looking at me as she kneeled down spreading Robert's legs. Wilda looked up at me and grabbed Robert's cock milking it back to life. 

Robert is well hung and as always responded to touching and masturbation. I watched as Wilda milked his cock to life. Wilda scooted up and once she was over his fully erect cock she guided it up into her pussy. Robert did nothing to stop her. 

Just about then Greg wiggled a finger down the crack of my ass and paused letting it press my tiny behind. Robert had taken my ass cherry some years before but had only screwed me in the ass a few times. Even though my ass was not virgin I sure did not want to let Greg be the one to revive that ritual. 

I reached back and moved his hand. He pulled away without protest. I let my fingers circle both cocks. I watched with some interest as I felt a flash of warmth sweep over me. I was getting aroused and I was feeling a strange excitement flooding me. My nipples were growing stiff and my guts were twisting all around. My pussy was getting wet and warm all at the same time. I watched without feeling jealous as Wilda slowly slid her mouth down the thickness of my husband cock. I knew that feeling. I loved to suck his cock not only for his pleasure but for mine as well. I had always enjoyed the feel of Robert's cock in my mouth and the taste of his semen. I felt so strange and wonderful at the same time. I knew Robert was enjoying this and wanted to cum. He wanted to cum for this woman we had just met. He wanted to have me watch so we both could feel his excitement and arousal. I smiled back at Robert and he smiled up at me. 

Greg was cupping my breasts and Tom was rubbing my clitoris. I was feeling the two cocks in my hands grow hard. Tom leaned close and said "Karen would you like to suck our cocks? Suck both of our cocks. One and then the other feel two different cocks in your mouth while we watch you." 

I looked into his smiling eyes and knew I was about to have oral sex with two near strangers while their wives watched and my husband too. Sally stood at Tom's side waiting my answer. 

I turned and slowly kneeled between the two men. Sally squatted down with me taking Tom's cock in her hand. She was holding it for me. She pointed his cock at me. I placed my hand over hers. Sally got right up close as I opened my mouth taking the head of her husbands' cock in my mouth. I felt so alive so excited and marvelously sexy. Was this how the other half lives. Was I just now learning that there was more to life than kids, cooking and running a home?

Sally urged me to take more of her husband's cock into my mouth. Following her guidance I took nearly all of Tom's cock into my mouth. 

Sally whispered into my ear "That big juicy cock was in your cunt too. Don't you just love to think of how it felt as you suck it?"

Sally was right of course if I thought that this was the cock that as up me a few minutes ago it aroused me even more.

Greg cupped my head and wiggled his cock in my face. Time to change cocks. I swapped one for the other and Greg held my head and slowly moved his hips as she fucked my mouth.

Sally closed her arms around me and rubbed her naked body on me. Tom said "Karen's a fine fuck Robert and a hell of a cocksucker too. You've got a great gal here."

Robert had somehow gotten to his feet and was now standing next to Tom. Wilda had switched from Robert to Tom and was sucking his cock.

Robert stood behind me and lifted me up until I was standing but still bent over with Greg's cock in my mouth. Robert grabbed me by the hips and pushed his cock into my very hot and very wet pussy. I was getting fucked as I held a cock in my mouth. What a marvelous feeling this was. Never had I ever felt so stimulated. 

I shivered and shook pushing back to get more of my darling's cock but never letting go of the one in my mouth.

Greg moaned and there it was that salty warm thick cum spurting across my tongue. Robert took a tight grip on my hips ramming his cock deep as Robert cum. Two men filling me with cum was more than I could bare. I got dizzy and I felt so weak my legs gave out.

Robert helped me to a lounge where I layed back exhausted. Sally came over and sat next to me. She took my hand. 

Sally said "I bet that was the first time that ever happened. I also bet you loved the feel of two men at the same time. Karen I can see you'll love our little group and I think Robert will be happy too. We are going to have a pool party next week. There will be five couples and I think you two will fit in just fine. But I want to tell you can say "NO" to any one at any time. We never want to push or force anyone to do anything that is uncomfortable or anything they do not want to do. You never have to be part of anything you don't want to be."

I told her I understood. Sally bend down and kissed me on the mouth. It was not a surprise as she moved slowly. I did not resist or tried to stop her. I let her place her mouth on mine and she seemed want to lick a few drops of Greg's semen off my chin as well. Sally let her lips linger and as I felt her tongue touch my lips I opened my mouth to welcome it inside. 

I had never kissed a full grown woman before and it seem somewhat exciting and I knew all those around us were looking. I was becoming a show off, a real extravert. 

Sally placed her hand between my legs and with slight pressure from her fingers I parted my legs as she seemed to want me to do that. 

I was so willing to accept Sally's advances I lifted one knee and leaned it out to the side giving her all the room she needed. Her touch was delicate soft and yet her fingers moved swiftly into my well drenched pussy. I had been fucked twice in less that an hour and my pussy was full of male semen. 

Sally sat up, moved down and with her hands on the inside of my thighs she placed her mouth on my gapping pussy. 

I've always loved oral sex and Robert was a master at bring me to a climax quickly with his tongue... But this was overwhelmingly arousing. I felt a great desire for Sally one could almost say love. I wanted to giver her what she so desperately wanted my climax. I let my fingers play along side her mouth. She licked my fingers as a sign of how much she was enjoying this. But I knew there was no way she could be enjoying it more than I was.

I knew that at some point in time I would do the same for Sally and maybe even later some other female in this group. I thought if Robert would fuck her first then I would taste his cum at the same time. What a happy thought.
