 "YOU MOTHER FUCKER!" Hugh could actually hear Lisa capitalizing her words into the phone.

"You mother fucking son of a bitch!" Lisa continued "This is the third time you have cancelled my birthday dinner AND this was to celebrate our anniversary too!"

Lisa was on her customary Saturday bike ride but had pulled over and was panting into the phone in anger. Hugh had gone into the office to "clear up a few things" before they left for a week in Hawaii. Like every other time Hugh had been drafted into a last minute "you're the only person for the job" cancellation. He didn't even try to say he'd make it up.

"Look they promised me accelerated partner review if I did this. This is my dream."

"We don't need the money! Leave and go work for a client! They all love you! And it isn't like I don't make a good salary!"

Hugh told her his flight to New York was being called and hung up.

Lisa had been hoping to use a break from the office would get her husband back. Her plan was to make sure Hugh had at least one orgasm a day so he could see what he was missing at home. Instead he would be in New York tonight and home on Tuesday.

Lisa looked at her silent phone realizing her marriage was over. All Hugh ever did was work. They never had meals together, they never spent weekends together, they never sat on the couch and watched movies together and they most certainly never had sex. The last time Lisa had sex was when she seduced the bartender of a hotel in Colorado Springs four weeks ago.

Lisa knew he was not doing anything behind her back with someone else. This was just life in a corporate law firm. But it also meant that all of the things she wanted to do, Hugh was incapable of doing. He was 100 pounds overweight and the man she had fallen in love with had been a competitive triathlete. She had been one as well and they had fallen for each other training together while at college. Now she saw him only when he got in from work, typically after midnight, Lisa having satisfied any carnal desires with one or more of her vibrator collection. Now all that competitive energy that she loved in Hugh was directed at making partner. He had time for nothing else, including his wife.

Lisa knew her marriage was over.

Lisa took the quickest path home, raging inside about her soon to be ex husband. She had some vague idea about a revenge fuck to start her single life. She passed a few bars on her ride home but it was too early for man hunting. She turned the corner onto her block and saw before her a possible solution to her problem. Her neighbor's son Colin O'Shea was home from college and he had with him Colin's high school friend, Vinnie D'Stefano.

Lisa had first seen them when she moved in next door. They were a pair of horny 18 year old high school seniors back then and more than once she had caught them looking out Colin's bedroom window at her when she was by her pool. She made it a point to wear only the hottest bikinis and would tease and flirt with them outrageously once they got into college. She was just beginning to resent Hugh's marriage to his law firm then. More than once she had the thought of doing both of these hot guys pushed her into ecstasy while masturbating.

Both these guys were on their college rugby team and Lisa was reminded of how muscular that made them. They were working in Colin's front yard when she rode up and waived. She made it a point to get off her bike and bend over and stretch as Colin shut off the lawnmower and Vinnie put down his clippers. They had a wonderful view of her spandex covered ass as they approached. Lisa always loved the fact that riding the bike gave her such great legs and butt.

The both were only shorts. Their bare chests and muscular legs gleamed with sweat. They were both powerfully muscular in that tough, manly rugby player way. She lay down her bike and gave them each a hug that lasted a bit longer than "neighbor friendly."

"Welcome home! How was school? How did your team do?" She asked cheerfully while wondering if these guys realized what hunks they were. She took off her helmet and rubbed the sweat off her brow by pulling up her jersey, giving full view of her flat, rock hard abs. She considered going down to her sports bra but thought it best with other neighbors in sight.

They made small talk about school, their teams 6 and 6 record and other chit chat.

"Dad has you working I see." Lisa observed.

"Oh, Dad and Mom went to San Francisco this weekend to pick up my sister at Stanford. He just wants it done when he gets back." Colin replied.

"This may work out really well" Lisa was thinking. Colin's house had the only view into her yard. With no one home, they were guaranteed absolute privacy at her pool.

"You boys are so industrious" Lisa smiled. "How much more work do you have?"

"About 45 minutes, maybe an hour." Answered Vinnie. He gave her a nervous smile. Lisa knew he was wondering if every dream he dreamed, looking at her in a bikini out of Colin's window, might just somehow come true.

"Then when you're done come over to the pool and have a beer with me." She smiled. "Maybe smoke a joint?"

"You use weed?" Colin exclaimed.

"Yes. Not outside because your parents might see. But they are gone and so we can smoke by the pool. Did you have plans? And don't bother to change"

"Because you both looking fucking hot with those shorts and no shirts" she thought.

"We were just going to watch a movie so no plans." Colin stuttered, caught in the same unreal feeling as Vinnie.

"Cool! See you then. Just come back to the pool."

She had just enough time to shower off, put on makeup, her hottest bikini with the halter top push-up top to really show off her firm (if fake) breasts. It had been money well spent. There was not much she could do suffering from bike helmet hair, so she pulled her long brown hair into a sexy French braid.

Hugh would be back on Tuesday and she was mentally preparing revenge fucks for today, Sunday and Monday. Colin and Vinnie by the pool would be her first threesome ever, if things went according to plan. Then that bass singer in the church choir was really cute, so maybe get him out for a brunch and figure out how to get him back home. She knew that would be easy as she'd seen the way he checked her out at coffee hour after services. For Monday, how about that cute nerd who works for that consulting company down the hall (her real estate office shared a floor with a computer consulting company) . Lisa knew she could fake some issue on her home systems and ask him to come over to help.

The important thing was that Hugh would know. She would tell him the marriage was over tonight, after she was stoned and orgasmed out from Vinnie and Colin. She would deliberately leave the used condoms in the garbage for Hugh to find -- at least that was her revenge fantasy at this point -- so Hugh would know just what other men thought of what he had thrown away. These were revenge fucks after all.

She pulled on her sexiest sandals -- the ones with 4 inch heels, made sure there was beer in the fridge and vodka in the freezer then grabbed her concentrate vape pen and stash of marijuana and headed out to the pool. She had grabbed a bottle of soda water for now. She lounged at the pool in a comfortable pose that also really showed off her body. Her breast stood out over her flat stomach and her long legs shaped by countless miles on a bike were accented by those stripper heels. They looked hot to strut in, they slipped off easily and it was ok for them to go in the pool if that happened. The only thing the pose did not show off was her butt, however she would make sure they saw that.

She had taken a few vape pen hits and was feeling mellow as she packed the bowl of her pipe to share when Colin and Vinnie came through the gate. She pretended not to notice them as they paused and looked at her body.

"Oh! Hi guys!" she bounced up and strutted over to give them each a hug hello. They were both still glistening with sweat. Vinnie had put on an old tee shirt but Colin remained bare chested. They looked incredibly hot to her. Just what she needed.

She gave them each a hug and a kiss on the cheek, lifting her leg as she did so her thigh gently brushed their crotches. She definitely felt Vinnie's stir.

"You guys look like you can use a beer. Follow me." She said as led them into the kitchen and opened the fridge. She chose blonde ale for herself while the guys both took IPAs. She served them in proper glasses. She only served the good craft beers in her home and was proud of it.

"To having lots of fun this summer." She toasted with an evil grin. "Let's go out by the pool and get really fucking high, shall we?"

Both guys stood frozen looked at her aghast.

She turned. "What?"

Colin mumbled something that included something that sounded like "Mrs. O'Shea"

Lisa laughed out loud. "How old are you two?" she asked between giggles.

"21" they both answered.

"Look. First of all I was never Mrs. Anybody. I am now and will always be Lisa D'Angelo. Second, we are all adults here, so it is Colin, Vinnie and Lisa. Got it?"

"And for fucks sake I'm 29! I'm not your mother's age!" Lisa added as they nodded.

"So do you want to get high or just watch me smoke?" she asked, turning them and hearing them follow her out to the pool. She really strutted so her hips swayed, giving them a bit of a show. She turned up some music as she left the house and the beats of electronic music filled the patio. She danced over to her chair.

"Oh shit! I forgot one thing!" Lisa exclaimed. "Colin please fire up that bowl please. And yes I know you smoke. I've smelled it coming out of your bedroom window enough times."

Lisa put down her beer and scampered up to her bedroom. She grabbed her box of condoms, stilled sealed and purchased when she got back from her liaison with the bartender in Colorado Springs.

"I knew it was over then." She thought as she grabbed her lubricant. Hugh had fucked her in the ass a few times and she had enjoyed it but preferred vaginal. But the last time had left her craving double penetration. She had used her rabbit sex toy deep into her pussy with the rabbit on her clit while Hugh entered her ass as deep as he could -- much less these days because of all the weight he had gained. In any event these two studs giving her a DP any place in the house was hot and by the pool was really sexy. She put the condoms and lubes into a pink bag.

"Just some girl stuff" she said to the guys as she sat back in her lounge, placing the bag underneath. She took a sip of her beer.

"I hope you didn't smoke all the weed" she said. They were both looking really glassy eyed and stoned. The bowl contained her mixture of marijuana life, THC oil and high THC kief. It was very potent. It looked like they had smoked about half already.

"So where is Mr.. err. Your husband?" asked Vinnie.

Lisa laughed again. It was fun seeing these two grown men fumbling back to their roles as high school seniors. Even through Lisa and Hugh were not much older, their parents insisted that Colin and Vinnie treat Lisa like an "adult" -- by which they meant a 45 to 50 year old mom of a high school kid, not a 26 year old woman, barely eight years their senior, who had happened to make some really good real estate deals and soon to be ex-wife to a guy who got a six figure signing bonus at that law firm.

"Stop treating me like your parents are around!" she laughed. "I suspect that Hugh is at about 36,000 feet over Nevada right now heading for Newark airport. And you are technically correct he is my husband, but not for long. We're getting divorced."

Lisa took a big hit and passed the pipe to Vinnie.

"Wow! What happened?" Colin stammered.

"Doesn't matter. Let's not discuss the whys and wherefores. It was a long time coming and I am glad it is finally here. For me this is a very good thing. So let's celebrate! " Lisa lifted her glass

"To freedom!" she toasted.

"To freedom!" the guys echoed with stoned smiles on their faces.

"So what do you have planned for the summer?" Lisa asked.

"I have an internship at an accounting firm." Said Vinnie

"And I'm going to be working at an engineering firm. Mechanical engineering!" Colin was very proud.

"That is all very cool." Lisa answered. "But what about fun? Girls? Dates? Parties?"

"My girlfriend lives in Marin" said Colin

"Ohhh a rich girl" cooed Lisa as Colin blushed.

Vinnie was finishing another hit. "I don't have a girlfriend"

"When was the last time you saw your honey, Colin?" Lisa asked as she took the pipe from Vinnie and took a hit.

"Four weeks ago. She went to Europe to study for the summer. "

"Four weeks? And a really long time for you!" Lisa teased and pointed at Vinnie.

"Don't like to think about it." Vinnie muttered with a grin.

They had finished the bowl and were all pretty high. Lisa packed a second bowl and sent Vinnie in for another round of beers.

"So Colin, do you like my swim suit. I just got it." Lisa asked playfully

"Yeah, I really do." Colin stammered.

"Good. I'll try to wear it when I know your home. It improves your view, don't you think?" Lisa teased a blushing Colin.

"Lets bring this over to the pool." Lisa said as she saw Vinnie emerging with the beers.

She was more than a little high at this point and very horny. She took a hit off the now refilled pipe and passed it to Vinnie. The beat of the music almost forced her to move her body. It was the deep beats of electronica and could not help but start the dance. Putting down her beer she grabbed each by the hand.

"Dance with me boys!"

It felt so sexy to dance between these two hunks. The were really good dancers as well. They looked so sexy to her as they moved their hips. First she danced over to Vinnie. She rubbed her hands across his shirt, down his arms and, taking his hands she led him in what she thought was a mambo, but it might have been a rumba.

Did it matter? It felt right with the music and damn sexy. Lisa did the same with Colin, carefully dancing them closer to the pool. She turned to Vinnie who stood expectantly, expecting more of the same.

Right at the edge of the pool.

That was too much to resist. Lisa danced toward Vinnie with a seductive smile on her face and...

Shoved.

Damn Vinnie was quick. He had been reaching towards her to dance when she gave her shove. Lightening quick he grabbed her wrists and, with a shriek, Lisa followed Vinnie into the pool. Together they came up sputtering and laughing.

Colin decided to join the fun, but he pulled off his boots and socks before doing a cannonball into the water that resulted in a wild splash fight with Lisa. Lisa was glad she was wearing those cheap acrylic stripper shoes. The Pradas would not have been cool.

Eventually the splash fight slowed down and Lisa grabbed her shoes and swam to the side of the pool. Vinnie was already there, taking off his soaking boots and socks.

"Vinnie babe, please go get the pipe while you're up. I'd love another hit. " Lisa asked.

Colin swam over and stood. They were in the shallow end of the pool. Lisa came over swaying her hips.

"Dance with me Colin." She said as she put her arms around his neck and swayed her hips against him. Vinnie returned and took a hit while he watched the show. The look on his face showed jealousy that Colin was getting the attention.

Lisa giggled at the site and danced across the short distance to where Vinnie sat on the side of the pool, legs in the water. She maneuvered herself between his legs and pressed her flat stomach against his crotch, feeling him getting hard as she took a hit off the pipe. She placed it into the water and pulled Vinnie in.

The two of them stood there with clueless grins on their faces with no idea what to do next.

Lisa submerged and swam through Vinnies legs, turning as she rose so her firm breasts pressed against his back while she stood, swaying her hips to the music.

"Dance you hot fucking hunk!" she whispered in his ear which she then teased with her tongue.

Lisa submerged again and surfaced in front of Colin, pressing her tits against his crotch and body as she rose in front of him. She wrapped her arms around his neck and swayed against him.

"Move that hot fucking body!" she whispered to him as she pressed a thigh into his rock hard cock, feeling it through his shorts. She reached behind and pulled Vinnie close. The made a Lisa sandwich and she loved it.

Lisa could feel Vinnies hardness against her ass and, without heels, she was eye level with Colin's sexy powerful chest. Her hands left his neck and ran down his back slowly as they moved to the music, rubbing against his rock hard butt. She reached back up and took Colin's face and kissed him deeply, letting her tongue dance with his.

Lisa then turned and ran her hands across Vinnie's tee shirt and around his neck, pressing her ass against Colin's hardness as she did. She pulled Vinnies face to hers and kissed him deeply too. Vinnie teased her with his lips against hers and gently ran his tongue around her lips then into her mouth. Lisa was loosing control. She found a small tear in Vinnie's old shirt, grabbed with both hands and pulled, ripping the shirt open and exposing his incredibly sexy chest. He had no chest hair!

"God! How sexy!" Lisa thought as she kissed his chest while pressing her ass firmly against Colin's hard cock.

Lisa turned and kissed Colin deeply again, pressing her tongue into his mouth as she rubbed his cock through his shorts.

"I have jobs for you both." Lisa said and led them to the side of the pool.

She kissed them both deeply again, guiding Vinnies hands to her breasts and Colin's to her pussy. Both guys pressed and teased as she gave little gasps of pleasure. Lisa moved Vinnie's hand to the bow that held up her halter top. He got the hint and soon both Vinnie and Colin were licking, kissing, sucking and biting a nipple. Lisa was in heaven and amazed that two men could be so different in styles but both so good in their own way.

Lisa guided their hands to her pussy. They both fumbled for a bit until she whispered.

"Vinnie put a finger inside me and Colin rub my clit."

She gasped in pleasure as they complied. She was already wet with excitement. She pulled Vinnie's face from her tits and kissed him deeply, letting her tongue probe his mouth. Then she switched and kissed Colin with the same passion

"Do you both like to lick pussy?" Lisa asked when she came up for air.

"Oh shit! Yeah" Vinnie exclaimed. Colin just nodded with a grin on his face.

Lisa untied the bow of her bikini bottom and let it float away, followed by her top. She sat at the side of the pool and spread her thighs.

"Let's see how you both are!" Lisa smiled. "Colin, lick my pussy! Finger it! Make it feel good! And Vinnie! Get those pants off and let me suck your cock.

"How long has it been?" she asked Vinnie as she stroked his dick. It was thick and she could imagine it filling and stretching her pussy. Colin, who had been teasing her clit with his tongue while one finger slid inside her, slowly slid in a second, stretching her. Lisa gasped and moaned.

"Months" replied Vinnie.

"How about masturbated?" she smiled.

"About a week ago. Bit more."

"So you are ready to blow." Lisa grinned then moaned with pleasure.

"Fuck yes! Right there! Just like that!" she instructed Colin.

Lisa began by simply licking the tip of Vinnie's cock and then softly up and down the shaft. He twitched with anticipation with her every little lick. She knew he would not last long. She sucked the tip then took it all in her mouth, moaning from the pleasure of Colin's tongue and fingers. She wasn't sure she would outlast even Vinnie. Colin was that good.

She moaned and sucked his shaft then licked that very sensitive spot under the head of Vinnie's cock. He exploded as only a sex starved young man can. Jisim sprayed across the patio and Lisa's tits. The excitement pushed Lisa over the edge an soon she was coming and crying out.
