 Lisa woke and stretched. One thing about spending the afternoon Saturday stoned, horny and fucking was that she was tired by 9:00 PM and went to bed early. She had expected to feel sore. One thing about doing a college guy was that they did not need much recovery time before they were ready to go again. She had done two of them with every opening in her body that would accommodate a hard cock. She expected her ass to be sore after a DP, with Vinnie's cock so thick she expected to feel her ass stretched out and her pussy sore.

Instead she felt well rested, ready for a short, intense workout to start the day and...

"Shit! I'm horny! And after all that yesterday!" Lisa thought.

She had heard that some women got really promiscuous when they divorced if they felt abandoned by their guy. It was a way to make up for the "why wasn't I good enough?" feeling. Lisa had been suffering through a very inadequate sex life for some time, as well. Maybe the combination, plus her own self-confidence telling her she was more than good enough was coming through. Anyway, this was a good thing. She meant to follow through on a weekend of revenge sex and she had big seduction plans for the day.

But first, she knew her soon to be ex had probably called dozens of times last night. She had turned off her phone after telling him their marriage was over. Cancel multiple celebrations and a long planed second honeymoon anniversary trip to Hawaii, all for a job he could walk away from, was not a way to a girl's heart. He had cancelled the Hawaii trip on the day they were scheduled to leave and flown to New York on business. He had called her from the airport to break the news while she was out on a bicycle ride. She was panting with fury by the side of the road. He was scheduled to come back on Tuesday. Lisa had decided right then that she was through with him.

Hugh had left her and married his job at one of the top law firms in the world. He focused everything on becoming partner. When they had met both been on their college triathlete teams and they were both very competitive people.

The competitive drive that had made Hugh a top NCAA competitor (and a major hunk back then, Lisa thought) now drove him to become partner. He had been fun. He had worked out with her. They had eaten meals together and just talked. They had just sat and watched movies at home. And they had fantastic sex together.

Then he went into law. Since then Hugh had gained over 100 pounds eating crappy takeout food for dinner at his desk and never exercising. He was never home, cancelled dates and they almost never had sex. When they did, she had to get on top and bring herself off because he was now so out of shape. To make up for that, and her own feelings that she was somehow to blame, she had taken to masturbating and playing with sex toys many nights per week. Before she had made her decision to get divorced, she had strayed only once when he had cancelled her birthday diner.

He could have gotten a much more regular job at any company in the country, including around their home in Southern California. It would have been great money and she could do her work in commercial real estate from anywhere. She made a high six figure income in her own right and still had a life and he would make similar money as corporate counsel. Hugh refused and his cancelling the Hawaii trip was the last straw.

She had come home vowing to divorce him when she saw her neighbor's son, home from college for the summer, and his buddy. She decided that there was no time like the present to declare her freedom from Hugh so she invited them over for a beer by her pool when they were done with their yardwork. Beer turned into marijuana which led to a fantastic threesome, Lisa's first. She also had her first DP and it was indescribable. She would need to do that again.

Her memory of the day before was spinning through her head as she made coffee and listened to all of Hugh's messages, all variations of "I'm so sorry. Can we please talk? Can I please see you when I get home Tuesday?"

And then came the last message

"I am so sorry. I cannot leave until Wednesday night at the earliest. Please call me."

Lisa laughed and shook her head in disbelief. She flipped through his texts all with the same theme except with GIFs and emoji's. Again, at the end there was a text saying he would not be back in LA until late Wednesday at the earliest. Lisa hit reply.

"Let me get this straight." She typed. "You cancel what was supposed to be a second honeymoon to Hawaii after canceling God knows how many other date nights. All that for your fucking job! Then your wife tells you she is divorcing you and you're still staying until Wednesday now. You were supposed to be home Tuesday! You left me for that job long ago and this just proves it. If you want to know why I'm leaving just look at the last text you sent. I'll get all your shit to a corporate apartment and if you come near the house before I talk to a lawyer I'll call the cops."

Lisa set her phone so that all Hugh's attempts to contact her would go straight to voice mail and she would not get notice of his texts, gulped down coffee and a smoothie then took off on a bike ride for her work out. This would be short, just an hour of power sprints up a nearby hill. Great for her ass too!

During her workout she let her mind wander to just how she was going to get into the pants of that bass baritone singer in the choir, Karl van der Wagen. The man was simply gorgeous. She was not in the choir but she was on the property committee because of her real estate experience. She knew how to negotiate with contractors. The committee was always looking for people to help on projects. They had two big projects that they could do themselves involving painting and putting up a swing set. She'd approach him after service during coffee hour and ask him to help, make some small talk then suggest brunch.

With that plan Lisa took care to look particularly good but still appropriate for church. She wore a flair dress that was cut a bit low. Lisa accented the effect of the neckline with one of her sexiest lace push up bras. The dress was cut below her knees but she loved the flirty the flair dress flowed when she twirled. She wore 3 inch heeled sandals with a sexy ankle strap and her dress was slit so she could flash thigh if she chose too.

She deliberately sat in a spot where she had a good view of the men's section of the choir. There he sat, Karl van der Wagen, sitting in the front. She noticed he checking her out and she smiled in a flirty way to him then crossed her legs. The slit in her dress had the desired effect and she flashed him and the rest of the men's chorus a nice bit of thigh. She noticed several appreciative stares beside Karl's. She also noticed a woman in the soprano section check her. She got one or two dirty looks from the women in the choir, mostly because they had seen their husbands check her out. This was a very pretty blonde that Lisa had not really paid attention to before. This woman had a very lusty look in her eyes as she looked Lisa over. Lisa gave a brief smile when their eyes met and locked and this woman gave a lusty smile back.

Lisa remembered nothing of the service. The blonde kept making eye contact when she could. Lisa did the same with Karl, smiling and flirting with him whenever he glanced her way, which happened often throughout the service.

After service she made a bee line for Karl who was just sitting down at a table with his coffee.

"Hi Karl!" Lisa bubbled as she sat next to him. "How are you?"

"Hi Lisa. I've got to say you look splendid in that dress." Karl answered with a smile. "Haven't seen your husband... Hugh, right? Where's he been?"

"He seems to have decided that he'd rather be married to his job then me. We're getting divorced." Lisa said, then added, seeing the look on Karl's face. "Don't be sorry. I could not be happier. I need someone who wants to come home at night, not stay at work."

"Still it is a sad thing in a way." Karl said.

"I'm looking to the future with new hope and with all these new possibilities. If I look back it is sad I lost him. If I look forward, I see nothing but good that will come of it once the divorce is final."

The smile faded briefly from Lisa's face when she saw his wedding ring.

"Ok, added challenge." She thought.

They made small talk and Lisa mentioned that she needed some help with some church projects the property committee was running.

"I was going to head over to the dinner to get some brunch. Do you want to come and we can talk about it there? I hear your good with your hands." She gave him a flirty smile.

"Let me check with my wife." Karl gestured behind Lisa. "She can come too, right?"

Lisa turned and saw the blonde from the choir standing there. The blonde extended her hand.

"Hi we haven't met. I'm Coleen."

Lisa went into professional mode immediately and shook her hand. "Lisa. Pleasure to meet you."

"Might be a bigger pleasure to get to know me." Colleen said quietly to Lisa with that lusty grin. Lisa blushed.

"And Karl is verrrry good with his hands. Aren't you babe?" Colleen walked to Karl and gave him a kiss.

Lisa could not help but notice that Colleen was, in a word, hot. She wore a blue sheath dress with beige 3 inch pumps. The dress had a high neckline but could not hide the fact that there was a hot body underneath that dress. Colleen was a small woman, no taller than 5 foot 2 inches, and had a fuller figure. D cup breasts, Lisa guessed, wider but obvious toned and tight hips and butt and fairly nice legs. Her pretty blue eyes sparkled.

"Wanna go to get some food with Colleen?" Karl asked.

"I'd love to!" Colleen exclaimed. "You said I should get to know her, after all."

They decided to go to a better restaurant than a dinner because Colleen suggested that no Sunday brunch was complete without a good Bloody Mary.

They ordered Bloodies all around. Karl nursed his through the meal because he was driving and Lisa switched to virgins after one because she was driving and the drink was strong. Colleen was one her second when the meal came and it looked like it was going to her head.

They sat around a circular table and talked about the details of the church's projects and how Karl could help. He was an engineer who liked to get his hands dirty so this was working out from the church's perspective at least; Karl would be a good person to have on these projects, Lisa thought.

Lisa could see Colleen rubbing Karl's thigh under the table after she had finished eating but she was looking ever more lustily at Lisa. It was odd, but still Lisa began to feel slightly aroused at the thought of another woman. It was something she had seen often enough on porn. Back when Hugh had the energy to fuck they had watched porn and watched lesbian and threesome scenes. Lisa had wondered about it in an abstract sort of way but possibilities had never really presented themselves. And she had Hugh then, when he was more than enough.

During the meal itself the talk turned to various topics. Karl and Lisa did lots of hiking and backpacking, so they were both very fit. They discussed Lisa's bike racing. They joked about breaking diet with bloodies and greasy food.

Lisa mentioned stress eating over what she thought of as her new found freedom and the talk turned to the divorce.

"I told him yesterday." Lisa said when pressed for some details. "Really, he's married to that job now. We were supposed to do a second honeymoon in Hawaii this week and he cancelled it at the last minute and flew to New York because of work. That was the last straw but it has been a long time coming. He's never home. We never do anything together anymore. He's cancelled I don't know how many special date nights for birthdays or now our anniversary trip. He comes home after 11:00 most nights so we never even have diner together."

"And sex?" Colleen was just drunk enough to ask.

"I go through lots of batteries" Lisa said with a smirk and they all laughed.

Karl excused himself to use the men's room.

"I go through lots of batteries when Karl's away on business too." Colleen smirked. "but that doesn't happen too often these days. But I love to get high and use a vibrator. It's so relaxing and it gives Karl a show and gets me good and worked up. So why do you go to a church that accepts us LBTQ types?"

Lisa was taken aback by her question and her surprise showed in her face. Colleen laughed.

"We're either bi, or more correctly gender fluid" she explained. "We have arrangements to take care of all our needs."

"That explains lots" Lisa thought.

"For that reason. Jesus never condemned gays. And because they have so many other progressive positions and because the music is so good." Lisa smiled.

Colleen's return smile was tinged with just a bit of lust.

"I couldn't help but see you checking out my husband." She teased.

"I am so sorry. I thought he was single" Lisa blushed.

Colleen laughed. "Don't worry about it. You may have noticed I was checking you out too. Karl and I once made a list of all the people we wanted to do at church. You were at the top both of ours."

"Bet me ex Hugh wasn't" Lisa blurted. That drink had gone to her head just enough for her to let down her guard.

"We keep that list a secret but you'd be surprised which men Karl has on it." Colleen laughed. "And we've played with some but I'll tell you, none of them has a tongue as good as Karl. Must be the singing."

Lisa stammered through some giggles. "So tell me how do you two work this? I mean, it is pretty wild"

"Well Karl did not want to give up on men and I love girls too much to stop. So we can do same sex partners as much as we want so long as it does not interfere with our sex life together. We also agreed that we can share. So I can bring home a female lover or he can bring over a guy and we'll have a threesome. Have you been DP'ed? Isn't it awesome?

Lisa nodded yes a bit slack jawed as Karl returned. She was actually a bit turned on by the whole porn scene aspect of this. The more she thought about it, the more she...

"So I hear I am high on both your lists." Lisa said looking directly into Karl's eyes to show that Karl was high on her list and climbing higher.

"Told her about our arrangement I see." Karl said to Colleen, then turning to Lisa "How could legs like that not be on any man's list? A few thousand bucks buys tits but nice legs and butt are nature and work."

"Well I did pay for my tits" Lisa replied.

"And that was money well spent." Colleen said as Karl nodded approval and Lisa giggled.

"Listen I have some fantastic weed back at my house. Would you like to come over and try some?" Lisa asked - blurted really. She was getting a bit turned on by the sheer outrageousness of it all

"We were about to ask you the same thing." Karl said. "Which would you prefer?"

"My place." Lisa said as she thought of more used condoms in the garbage.

They had arrived at Lisa's and spent about an hour chatting and smoking many bowls out of Lisa's bong. They were all very high. Lisa was returning from the kitchen with fresh drinks to deal with the cotton mouth. Lisa had cranked her techno music and was dancing as she crossed the floor with the drinks. Colleen stood and helped her place the drinks down then spun her into a dance.

Lisa loved the way her dress flared as she spun, showing Karl more of her legs. Colleen began to dance closer and held Lisa's eyes as their breasts were just touching. Lisa had never thought a woman would turn her on but she could feel herself wanting to give in and feel her flesh against her. Nerves got the best of her and Lisa turned to face Karl, swaying her hips and meeting his lust filled gaze. Lisa could feel Colleen's hands against the sides of her hips and moving around her waist. Colleen's breasts were pressed against her back. Her heels allowed her to kiss the neck of the taller Lisa. That was one of her spots and Colleen's hot breath and gentle kisses overcame any lingering doubts.

Smiling at Karl, Lisa turned and pulled Colleen's face to hers, kissing her deeply. Their tongues entwined. Lisa could feel their breasts pressing together. Colleens hands exploring other parts of her body gliding around her thighs, her ass and back.

As Lisa lost herself in her passion for Colleen she felt the unmistakable press of a hard cock against her ass. Karl was behind her, kissing her neck and letting his hands glide up to her breasts.

Lisa needed both these hot bodies. She needed both the male and female. What mattered was their heat, their attraction, their passion, not whether they had a cock or tits.

Lisa unzipped Colleen's dress and let it fall to the floor. Colleen was wearing a very pretty push up bra with a flower pattern with - no panties at all.

Lisa could feel Karl unzipping her dress as well. Colleen helped her slip out of it then immediately began kissing the tops of Lisa's tits. Colleen took out one of Lisa's nipples and sucked and bit at it. Lisa's hands had found Colleen's pussy and, parting her lips was massaging her clit with increasing urgency. Karl had reached between her legs and inserted a finger with one hand while reaching around and massaging her clit with the other. Both women were gasping with pleasure. Both were slightly unsteady on their feet as they writhed in pleasure on high heels.

"We should sit down before we fall down" Karl suggested.

By an unspoken consensus the three moved towards the den's wrap around couch. Lisa sat next to Karl while Colleen stood before her.

"Have you ever eaten pussy?" Colleen asked Lisa.

"No. But fuck do I want to try now." Lisa responded

Colleen stood on the couch and straddled Lisa's face, pulling Lisa's mouth towards her wetness. Lisa's tongue teased and lapped at Colleen's clit, licking her the way she loved to get it and sliding a finger inside Colleen as well. She curved a finger up in the direction of her G spot.

"Oh fuck yeah! Just like that!" moaned Colleen.

Lisa felt her legs being gently pushed apart by Karl's strong hands. He slid her panties to one side and began to lick Lisa across the length of her pussy eventually sucking her clit into his mouth. He had two fingers inside Lisa rubbing her G spot. Lisa pressed her face into Colleen, using her moans to give Colleen pleasure. Bucking and moaning both women came at almost the same moment, crying out in pleasure.

"Karl's turn." Colleen directed. Lisa pulled Karl to his feet, discovering to her surprise he was still dressed.

"You're overdressed." Lisa purred as she opened Karl's pants. Colleen was undoing his shirt as she kissed down his chest. Karl stepped out of his pants -- no underwear for him either - allowing Lisa to take the head of his cock into her mouth. Another new sensation - he wasn't circumcised!

Soon Colleen was on her knees with Lisa as they shared Karl's cock, licking and sucking in turn.

Karl was rock hard when he touched Lisa's face. "I really want to fuck you!"

"You know what I like!" Colleen purred.

Karl sat, pulling Lisa down onto his hard cock in a reverse cow-girl. Lisa moaned as Karl's hardness filled her. He was really long and she could feel him deep into her. His muscular hips thrusting into her slowly. Lisa closed her eyes, absorbed in this pleasure when she felt a new sensation. Opening her eyes Lisa saw Colleen o her knees licking Lisa's clit.

"OH FUCK YES LIKE THAT!" Lisa cried feeling an orgasm building.

"YESSSSS!" Lisa screamed as she came. Then "Please don't stop! Fuck me harder!"

She came again. Then a third time collapsing and pushing Colleen away. "Enough. Please." She was gasping.

Karl's cock slipped slowly from Lisa's pussy as they rearranged themselves. Colleen was standing, bent over the couch as Karl entered her. Lisa did not need to be told what to do. Almost instantly she was between Colleen's muscular thighs, alternatively licking Colleen's clit or letting Karl fuck her mouth.
