 (Author's Note: I did change the tense of the story from present to past tense. I just find it easier to work with and what I'm more used to. This was by far the hardest story to write with the difficult balancing act involved. As with all of my stories, all characters are eighteen years of age)

*

He can't help but to smile at how compliant Angelique has become. Truly stealing his heart, he downs the last of his drink before slowly walking over to his little doll. Placing his arm around her, he slowly kisses her forehead. "Such a good girl..." He praises. Slowly he reaches behind her, allowing his fingers to slowly unzip and push down the elegant black dress. She stands before him, naked in heels, jewels, and stockings, the epitome of lust and sex.

Noticing her nervous trembling, he gives her hand a gentle squeeze before leading her out of the room. "Come my pet... Let's go have fun."

~~~~~

Angelique's legs trembled as she walked side by side with Mikhail. Her stomach was filled with that nervous, anxious feeling that so often accompanied experiencing anything with Mikhail. Truly she didn't know what to expect out of the night, nor with Mikhail himself. So mysterious at times with what he planned, Angelique couldn't help but to think it was best that she didn't know what was going to happen that night.

Through the spotless, gleaming halls they walked. His hand held hers throughout the short journey from the main sitting parlor up to the master bedroom. Mikhail knew perfectly well the young girl was nervous, perhaps a little frightened, at what was ahead of her and what he was expecting, but deep down inside, he knew she would and could do whatever he put in front of her. Whether she wanted to admit it or not, Mikhail couldn't shake that feeling that deep down, consciously or not, she was beginning to accept all of this.

When they finally arrived at the twin double doors that marked the entrance to his master bedroom, Mikhail's hand finally released itself from hers as he turned to face her. "Chin up. I know you won't let me down tonight... When we enter, you're to crawl, on your hands and knees as if you were truly my pet." He firmly said as his hand ever so gently caressed the side of her face. 

She was an absolute nervous wreck at his words. The only thing she could hear other than him was the hard, thunderous pounding of her heart. It felt so much like it was about to burst from her chest as she timidly sank down to her hands and knees beside his feet. 'Do what he says... Think about going home... Just think about going home...' Angelique thought to herself. It was the only thought and motivation she had for herself. The more she behaved and did as she was told, the closer she would come to realizing her dream and hope of being a free woman again.

With a push of his hand against the bedroom door, it slowly opened. The lavish bedroom was revealed before the two of them. Mikhail didn't waste any time before walking into the dimmed bedroom with Angelique close behind him.

The large fireplace provided the majority of the hazy light in the room. Its glow was practically the only light source apart from candles that burned on the nightstands on either side of the bed. Within its orange haze, it was clear that the room had been changed somewhat since the last time the two of them were there. Sitting at the foot of Mikhail's bed was a large, overstuffed armchair, accompanied by a small table to its side that held a bottle of liquor and an glass of ice. 

Familiar clothing that belonged to Belle and Casey were haphazardly strewn around the room, creating a crude trail that led all the way to Mikhail's awaiting bed. It was there where the two girls sat waiting for him upon the edge of the bed. Sitting side by side, completely naked with virtually no shame at all in their nudity, they were quietly awaiting Mikhail and Angelique. Seductive and wanton smiles came upon their faces upon seeing the Master with his slave finally enter the room. It was only when the door behind Mikhail closed, giving the four of them privacy, that the two guests rose from the bed. Holding hands together, they slowly walked over closer and closer to the two of them, their feet padding softly against the hard floor.

"Oh Daddy..." Casey the redhead said, her voice in awe as she squatted down in front of Angelique. Her hands softly stroked the long ebony hair on Angelique's head affectionately, as if petting a cherished family pet than a real human being. "She's so pretty... You have to let us play with her..."

Timidly Angelique's eyes glanced up from their glare upon the floor. Since she came into the room, and noticed the two girls coming towards her, she kept her eyes to the ground with bashfulness. Never had she seen another woman naked in this kind of setting, never in an erotic and downright intimidating situation like this. The very first thing she saw as her eyes turned up, made Angelique wish she never did so.

She was facing directly into Casey's splayed, crotch. As the redhead squatted down in front of Angelique with her legs spread slightly, Angelique could see all of the redhead's sex before her. Her cheeks flushed a shade of red that was almost like the fiery redness of the little mound of pubic hair above Casey's sex. 

The entire scene caught Mikhail's eye as he laughed. "Perhaps... We'll have to see about that. She's such a shy little pet." He spoke, his voice with admiration usually reserved for a cherished possession instead of talking to a human. In Mikhail's mind, Angelique was just that: a cherished possession. As long as he chose to keep her, she would be just that, not to be treated like a human being, but a cherished and priceless possession. "Why don't you two go and enjoy yourselves upon the bed for a little while. I think it would be good for my little pet to sit and watch for the time being. She needs to loosen up and relax for a few minutes before I put her to work."

Belle and Casey exchanged devious looks between the two of them. "Of course, Daddy..." Belle said with seduction and lust bubbling in her voice as the two of them rose and proceeded back to the bed. Mikhail stood and watched like a hypnotized man their asses, swaying ever so slightly as they walked. He hid no shame in the swelling of his organ within his trousers that ached to be played with. It took all of the concentration and self-restraint in him to hold off on fucking at least one of the naked women in the room. No, there was something else he wanted to do, something he wanted to play with.

"Come." He firmly said with a little, slight jerk of the leash as he began to walk towards the large recliner already set up in front of the bed.

Angelique had no other choice but to follow Mikhail. Her head hung low as she crawled after him, hiding the shameful flush of her cheeks at the provocative sight of the naked women before her. No matter what she tried to think of, the image of the woman's sex was irremovable from her mind. To add to the further embarrassment of it all, she couldn't get over the curious arousal that had built up within her. Before all of this, she truly was a curious woman, often imagining what it would be like to be with another woman even in her once-virgin mindset. Now with tonight being the most likely night she would follow through on that curious thought, she couldn't get over the arousal building between her thighs.

As the two girls climbed atop the thick comforter of Mikhail's bed, curling up against the headboard and the pillows, Mikhail settled himself back in the large reclining armchair. Without so much as a word to Angelique, he parted his legs slightly and patted his lap, as if wordlessly telling her to come sit on his lap. She needed no other command from him to know what he wanted. Angelique did as he wanted, with the promise and hope of going home the only thing driving her as she climbed slowly up his legs and sat upon his lap, watching the scene before her with apprehension and secret, shameful curiosity for what was going to happen.

Slowly Belle and Casey inched closer together. Their smooth, slender legs intertwined together in a tangle of Sapphic desires. The eroticism of the moment was more than enough to stoke the fires of arousal between their thighs. Every playful and lustful kiss brought within them increased pleasure and moisture to their pussies, and the knowledge of performing in front of their Boss only made things even more enjoyable.

Angelique sat quietly upon Mikhail's lap. With his hardening member nestled against her ass cheeks through the material of his pants, nothing came passed her lips. Her eyes were downturned in a feeble attempt to avoid looking at the erotic sight before her. Although admittedly curious, it felt so wrong and shameful to watch two people have sex, especially two women she had never met before. Embarrassment at what was going on around her caused her cheeks to flush a deep shade of red as she awaited any command from Mikhail that would take her mind and attention away from the sight before her. Her heart raced, not knowing what her Master had in store for her.

Her timid shamefulness couldn't escape Mikhail's attention, however. As he stroked her bare, naked thighs, it was clear from her slight nervous trembling what was going on in her frantic mind. "Lean back." He softly commanded in a faint whisper so that only she could hear him as his fingers traced the closed and clenched valley of her thighs. "Relax, Angelique. You're always so tense..."

Too nervous to talk back or even laugh at his words, she silently obeyed his command. Cautiously she leaned back against his clothed, masculine chest. As she rested her head against his shoulder, and her legs slowly parted, she tried her best to relax in the heat of the moment. A deep, tensed breath came passed her lips as she had to remind herself to breathe.

Mikhail laughed softly into her ear. His hot breath rushed against her ears, sending a shiver down her spine like electricity. "Don't be rude to our guests, Angelique..." He reminded as his hands ever so gently caressed her flat, soft stomach. "Pay attention like a good little pet for Daddy."

"Yes Daddy..." She breathed out in a slight whisper. Slowly her eyes looked away from the ornately decorated ceiling, traveling down the wall to find the bed sitting right in front of her.

By the time Angelique had looked back and focused her attention upon the bed, the two sensuous girls had become more erotic than before. Their chests were close together, breasts rubbing against each other's as the two embraced in a more passionate kiss. Soft, lustful sounds came from their lips as their tongues dueled and caressed one another, for the longest time drowning out the distant cackling of the fireplace. Legs that were once tangled together were then opened and splayed before the Master and slave. They showed no shame, nor embarrassment as their fingers freely explored each other's velvety entrances. 

Effortlessly their fingers slowly dipped in and out of each other. Moans punctuated the lustful air from their lips, causing the occasional squirm against the bed. Clearly on display was the wetness against their fingers as it glistened in the soft lighting. The sapphic sex that was taking place before her was too alluring for Angelique to turn away from. Her curiosity was at new highs as she watched the scene before her, drawing more and more attention to it.

"That's a girl..." Mikhail softly commended. His hand slowly and methodically inched slowly along her body, and in no time found Angelique's aroused pussy. Idly his finger tips traced back and forth along the wet little slit, bringing increased arousal and excitement to his little pet as her body tensed against him. Just seeing her small, feminine hands clench the arms of the seat brought a devious smile to his face, causing him to press on in the effort to tease and toy with his little pet. "My my, someone is enjoying the show, aren't they?"

The two girls upon the bed giggled at Mikhail's words as they watched Angelique. Never once did their rhythmic fingering of each other cease as they watched Angelique's torment. "She sure does, Daddy..." Belle remarked as her finger wiggled freely within Casey's tight warmth. Together the two girls became the voyeurs as they fingered themselves, watching the innocent woman being coaxed into an orgasm. 

Angelique's mind was completely disconnected from the sight and sounds before her. Her body was lost in a sea of pleasure as it engulfed her. Mikhail's slow, gentle caress of her pink slit was sending her mind into a frenzy. She couldn't help but to allow her body to submit to the pleasure of it all. Everything was just so tantalizing to her mind. His hard chest she laid against, the slow rubbing of her pussy, even the sights and sounds of the lesbian love-making was all too powerful for her to push out of her mind.

Against Mikhail's body she writhed and ached for release. Her hands latched on to his arm, digging in to his tough skin as his fingers finally penetrated her tightness. As his thick, masculine fingers wiggled and flexed within her hot pussy, Mikhail helped himself to his subtle breasts. Leaning his head down, his lips suckled upon her rosy pink nipple. As his teeth gently pinched it, his tongue couldn't resist teasing and flicking at it within his mouth. He was hell bent upon making her orgasm for him, to feel her young body writhe about in the throes of passion against his body. Every orgasm at his hands chipped away at her hardened defenses, cru12mbling it away until she was nothing but a puddle in his hands.

It was quickly becoming too much for Angelique to bear. Slowly her head turned to Mikhail's ear, her hot panting against his neck causing the hair to rise upon his flesh as she effortlessly whispered out her request. "M-may I cum, Daddy?" She asked softly, her breath and words rapid with lust and desire. There was no shame in her words as she asked him, no hint of any pain of the conscious in her words. So lost within her pleasure and lust, she showed no care as she writhed against him.

With a soft pop from removing his mouth from her slickened nipple, Mikhail looked directly into the sheepish eyes of his slave upon her request. Seeing her so consumed with the pleasure he was exerting upon her was a power trip like no other. She was like clay in his hands, able to mold the submissive woman to his heart's desires. "Cum. Cum for me." He firmly commanded, his voice rough and stern as his fingers rapidly caressed the sensitive pink folds that quivered from his touch.

Passionately Angelique's body shuddered against Mikhail's. As his fingers continued to mercilessly finger her tight warmth, she couldn't help but to cry out in the throes of passion. Her tight, milking cunt clamped down on his wiggling fingers, convulsing wildly as her juices flowed like sweet ambrosia from her creamy loins. Slowly the wet squishing sounds died away as Mikhail's fingering slowed to a halt once her body calmed from that euphoric orgasmic high. 

"That's a good girl... A very good girl..." Mikhail commented as he leaned his head against hers. With a soft kiss upon her forehead the way a proud father would his daughter, he soon turned his attention back to the two girls that sat on his bed, their fingers diligently plunging in and out of each other's pussies. "Casey, why don't you come and clean my little pet up?"

Angelique's eyes widened at Mikhail's order to the girl. She was absolutely speechless at what was going to happen, so caught off guard from her post-orgasmic high. It wasn't until after Casey's grin and leaving the bed that she noticed what was going on. Before she could do anything, Mikhail's hands cupped her breasts, his rough fingers toying with her hardened nipples as the redheaded Casey slipped to her knees in front of Angelique.

Without saying so much as a word to her boss, Casey began to lap away at Angelique's creamed pussy. Unlike a man's rough and hurried lickings, the redhead took her time in slowly eating out the young woman before her. With long licks, she slowly made her way around Angelique's sticky labia lips, teasing her way slowly and slowly closer to the cream filled center of Angelique's cunt. 

A sharp breath rush passed Angelique's lips as Casey began to passionately lick and caress her sex with her tongue. The feeling was new and alien to her relatively innocent sexuality. Every sensual lick of Casey's tongue against her nether lips brought shockwaves through her already hyper-sensitive pussy. It was so different than the first time Mikhail had eaten her out. She couldn't help but to admittedly like the new sensation brought on to her by a woman.

"That's enough..." Mikhail spoke up after a few long moments of Casey's eager licking and cleaning of Angelique's pussy, just before Angelique could have another chance to cum again. 

The young redhead obediently and diligently removed her face from Angelique's cunt, staring up at him with lust in her eyes and a glistening chin. "Daddy, Belle and me want to play with you now." She spoke up, her voice girlish in the hopes of coaxing his arousal even more so. From the bed, the blonde headed Belle nodded her head in agreement as she looked at Mikhail with pleading eyes.

He didn't need much coaxing and begging from the two girls. Angelique's inadvertent grinding against his lap in the throes of her orgasm had caused him more than enough swelling in his member through his pants. It was his turn to enjoy and partake in the festivities. Softly he tweaked Angelique's nipple as he looked into her eyes. "Go climb on my bed and masturbate. On your hands and knees, bottoms up for Daddy." He commanded her. 

Dazed by the sensations that ravaged her body, Angelique put up no resistance, no defiance or questioning of his orders, as she slowly rose from Mikhail's lap and moved to the bed. Within her mind a battle raged, to follow Mikhail's orders or to not follow them. Her conscious pleaded to defy him, to show some sort of dignity instead of following his orders like a mindless drone. Yet, there was another part of her mind that desperately wanted the pleasure he was affording her. Nothing she ever experienced before made her so weak in the knees, so desperate for relief. The added promise of being allowed to go home was just the proverbial cherry on top. Softly her feet padded against the floor before finally crawling up into the plush, soft bed that was awaiting her. Like an obedient slave, Angelique followed Mikhail's orders as perfectly as she could.

Without a word of protest, Angelique slowly climbed into the bed and moved into position. On her hands and knees upon the bed, with her ass and bottom positioned into the air with her face planted into the soft sheets that were scented with the lustful scents of the girls, Mikhail had the perfect view of Angelique's hot pink folds displayed before him. True to his orders, Angelique's hand slowly snaked down under her body, in no time finding her tight warmth, before slowly massaging her throbbing pearl of a clit.

Meanwhile, in front of the bed, Mikhail was enjoying everything. By the time Angelique had stood and climbed into position upon the bed, Belle and Casey meticulously began to remove the rest of his clothing. He stood quietly, surveying Angelique's slow masturbation of her clit while stealing glances down to his two eager girls as they pulled down and away his pants. It was only once he felt the cool air against his thick, throbbing member replaced by the hot, engulfing moisture of a mouth. 

Slowly he looked down to the two girls before him. As Belle slowly and hungrily stroked the thick, bulbous tip with her luscious lips, the redhead Casey knelt beside her with a wiggling, eager tongue stroking his thick, cum-filled orbs. The pleasurable sensations that teased his senses were overwhelming and powerful to his mind. Even he couldn't stifle a soft groan in approval of the two girls as they serviced his organ. 
