 About an hour before quitting time I heard the front door of the office open. Soon after I heard voices floating to me from down the hall. I wasn't close enough to hear individual words, but I could tell that it was another female. I shrugged and went back to work. It wasn't that uncommon for our vendors or subcontractors to send their secretaries or other office employees to pick up materials from us.

I worked for another ten minutes before I was distracted by their voices again. They were laughing. No, that would be misleading. They were giggling. Now, I was curious. I panned my desk for some excuse to go up and see Sheri. I finally found something and headed for her office.

I walked in and found Sheri sitting face to face with another girl about her age. This slim femme had black hair with tight natural curls that seemed a sharp contrast to Sheri's straight brunette hair. Her eyes were a deep walnut while her skin had a natural year round tan that suggested Hispanic history. I heard a slight accent in the black haired girl's voice that sounded like a Spanish dialect, but only as her secondary language. I listened a moment and decided is was Spanish Spanish, not Central American.

The girls were so intent on each other that they hadn't even noticed me come in. I cleared my throat, "Hey Sheri, could you make this call for me?"

The girls looked up startled, but their expressions soon changed. The raven haired beauty's to a look of admiration and Sheri's to an impish grin. "I'm done working for the day," she informed me. "And so are you."
"I am, am I?"

"Yep. Kyle, meet Jani. Jani, Kyle."

Both girls stood as the introduction was made and Jani extended her hand to me. I took the few steps required to close the distance to take in Jani's body. Where as Sheri had a body built more like an athlete's, Jani was lithe and slender, built more like a dancer. She still had long legs like Sheri, though. Unlike Sheri's near C breasts, however, Jani's breasts were smaller, more like an A cups. Comparatively, the two were completely disimilar, but both were similar in that they were both extremely attractive, in their different ways.

All this measuring took a second, but I knew Jani was doing the same to me. "Pleased to meet you," I offered.

"Likewise."

Before we could say more Sheri jumped in, "She's here to get the same things you've been giving me."

I looked at Jani questioningly and she nodded with a seductive smile. I started, "Well, no offence, Jani, but I don't know you that well yet. Why should I give you the same shows?"

"Because Sheri has already given me every detail of what you've been doing with her."

"You know Sheri and I have already got a deal, right?" She nodded. "You and I would have to come up with another one." Again, she nodded. "But, the same things Sheri's been giving me won't work with you, because you're not here all day." Once again she nodded. I thought about asking her what she was willing to give me, but decided I knew what I would really like to get. And knowing that Sheri would now be just about willing to give anything to see my shows, I was willing to bet Jani would do the same. I wanted to play hard ball. This would make up for my being soft with Sheri. "Alright, but I'm going to need a strip show from the both of you." They looked at each other and nodded. "And the two of you have to strip each other while doing it."

Again they looked at each other and Sheri looked uncertain. "But I'm not a lesbian."

Jani argued back, "Well, neither am I, but girls can be just as much fun as guys. That, and our clothes are more fun to take off." I was willing to bet my life savings that Jani was bisexual. That little bit of information could definitely work to my advantage.

Sheri frowned a bit, finally shrugged, and said, "What the hell? Could be fun. I didn't think the camera would be, but look how that turned out."

I grinned. "That's the spirit!" I paused a minute to consider. "One more thing. Since there're two of you and only one of me, and since you've been teasing me all day." I looke accusingly at Sheri. "I get to cum on one of you and the other has to clean it up."

Sheri's face went blank and I was afraid that I'd over stepped her bounds. Jani, on the other hand, got a mischievous look on her face. Jani turned to Sheri, "Oh, you're definitely getting his cum, baby."

"But I'm not a lesbian," Sheri protested again.

"You don't have to be. It's his cum, isn't it?" Sheri nodded, however hesitantly. "So it's him that I'll be cleaning up, not you. Besides, doesn't he already cum on you?" Again Sheri nodded. "So you've been able to see it all this time, and now I finally get to see and taste it."

Sheri still looked doubtful. I added to the persuasion, "Remember the camera? Same deal. If you don't like it, we don't do it."

Sheri looked from me, to Jani, and back again. She finally seemed to make up her mind. "Alright, alright. But you had better put on one hell of a show." She pointed a finger at me for emphasis.

"And showing," Jani piped in.

Sheri resumed, "Now go back to your office and put that music on again. Jani and I have to get ready."

I nodded obligingly. I don't usually take orders well, but for some reason, this time I didn't mind.

My office was all set a few minutes later. I had the camera and CD ready. I had also set up a tripod so the proceedings of my show could be filmed without need for me to hold the camera. I waited for quite a while. I tried to do some work to pass the time, but I just couldn't concentrate. The numbers flowed through my mind like water in a leaky sieve. After an agonizing eternity I heard the quiet knock on my door.

I turned, keyed the CD, thumbed the record button, and waited for the girls to come in. They came in hand and hand, looking absolutely delicious. They both wore thigh length pleated skirts and tight tube tops in alternating black and white. Jani had a black skirt which highlighted her slim tan legs, while Sheri had a white skirt which leant and extra creaminess to her legs. I certainly wanted to add my cream to their milky softness, I thought.

In a checkerboard style of pattern, Sheri had a black top on over her white skirt while Jani had a white top and the black skirt. Standing side by side, hand in hand, in alternating colors with body styles so different from each other, the effect was breathtaking. I couldn't believe my luck. In just one week's time, not only had my coworker gone from eye candy to cock candy, but she'd even multiplied my good fortune by involving her friend.

"You two are stunning together," I confessed. "You were gorgeous apart, but together..." I let the words slide.

They both smiled like Cheshire Cats. Jani demanded, "You strip first, so I have motivation to do my part."

I considered. "Alright." I set the camera down and unbuttoned my dress shirt slowly, but not too slowly. I wanted to tease them, but I didn't want to tease myself as well. When it finally slipped from my shoulders they both oohed. As I said before, I'm not muscular, just toned. They must have liked my toning because they were both staring at my chest and abs hungrily. I undid my shorts next which earned a loud gasp from Jani. I was still wearing the silk briefs and my erection must have shown huge and clear through the thin material. "Is that enough for you?"

Jani shook her head back and forth. "Oh no, you're not stopping that close. I gotta see the whole package."

I grinned and pulled the front of my waistband away from my hips. I waited with my briefs in that position until I got a nasty look from Jani. Sheri had pretty much taken a back seat, but she was obviously still enjoying the show. With a swift bending motion I whipped my briefs down past my manhood and to the floor. When I straightened both girls sighed with pleasure. Sheri had never seen me entirely naked before, but her eyes devoured me to make up for lost time. The look of lust I saw on her face was priceless, and it was imitated like a twin on Jani's.

"Sit down," Jani told me. My first reaction was to ignore the order, but the look on her face left little room to argue. I sat down in my chair expecting the show to start. Instead, Jani came forward, kneeled in front of me, rested her elbows on my knees, and then rested her head on her arms so her face was only inches from my extended manhood. I knew what she wanted.

I grabbed the camera up again, but handed it to Sheri. "Your turn," I grinned. "It's already running. Just point and zoom. Snapshot button's up here." She looked where I indicated, nodded, and I turned my attention back to Jani.

I reached into my crotch with my hand and pulled my balls up into a closer view for Jani. She stared as I rolled them in my palm and fingers, massaging the swollen orbs. With the other hand, I wrapped my shaft and pulled mightily towards her face. I was sure that from her position it must have looked like my engorged manhood was swelling towards her. I was rewarded for my efforts when her mouth came open unconciously in lust. After a few strokes precum was already forming at the head of my cock.

Jani licked her lips and pulled my hands away from throbbing manhood. She pushed my knees apart and shoved her head towards my bobbing cock. Gently, she reached out with her lips and sucked my leaking jizm from the end of my cock like soda from a straw. My cock lurched with the attention and she pulled back. I could see my sperm glistening on her lips as she rolled them into her mouth to savor the taste. She closed her eyes and issued a quiet, "Mmmmm."

Sheri and I both watched her closely until she opened her eyes. "I can't wait for the main show. And to taste you again." Her eyes rolled to Sheri for emphasis. Sheri met her eyes, but swiftly looked down, not meeting them again.

"Your show first," I told Jani. She grumbled a bit but stood up all the same. Sheri handed the camera back to me and went to stand next to Jani. I pointed the camera their way and the girls took their cue.

They both put their hands into their own hair behind their head and started swinging their hips, causing the hems of the skirts to sway where they hung at mid thigh. Jani, not surprisingly, took the initiative and stepped behind Sheri. She ran her hands down Sheri's hips until she reached the hem of her skirt and then lifted slowly. My cock throbbed as the crotch of Sheri's black panties dropped into view under the white skirt. It looked like the girls had continued their checker board style right down to their underclothing. Jani dropped the skirt back into place and I relaxed against the back of my chair. I hadn't even known I'd leaned forward.

It was Sheri's turn this time. She turned Jani so the girls were facing each other with Jani's back to me. Sheri reached down for the hem of Jani's skirt and lifted the black material until the bottom of Jani's ass globes and the narrow back panel of Jani's white panties were revealed. Then the material dropped curtain like back into place.

They seemed to be breaking into a pattern of taking turns, as Jani once again stepped behind Sheri leaving Sheri facing me. Jani looked over Sheri's should as her hands wrapped around Sheri and hooked into the top of Sheri's top. Watching me she began sliding Sheri's top down along her breasts. I grabbed my cock in appreciation but let go when I got sight of Sheri's bra. That wasn't exactly what I wanted to see, and I let them know.

Being Sheri's turn, she turned Jani away from me and then stepped between Jani and me and did something at Jani's top. It didn't take long for me to see what she did. Sheri soon twisted and tossed Jani's bra onto the top of my thigh. I touched the lacy black material and set it on the top of my thigh so it hung evenly and wouldn't fall. Without turning towards me Jani stepped behind Sheri and repeated the same process, even throwing the white bra over my other thigh. I draped the garment as I had the other one.

The two of them faced into each other and pressed against each other. They turned and Sheri's not inconsiderable breasts pressed against the small mounds of Jani's tits. They then slowly separated and faced me and I sighed with pleasure. I could clearly see Sheri's luscious breast suspended against the material of her black tube top while Jani's tiny tits lumped at her white top and jutted enormous nipples at me. It was the first time I could note any physical similarity between the two, they both seemed to have large nipples. I jerked my shaft a couple of times in appreciation, then waited for whatever they had next.

Jani stepped behind Sheri and looked over Sheri's shoulder like she had before. Once again, Jani hooked her fingers into the top of Sheri's top and began pulling down. Before she could expose Sheri's nipples however, she reached down to the bottom of Sheri's top and began pulling upward. Soon only a few inches of cloth lay across Sheri's upper body, just hiding her nipples from view. Jani reached under Sheri's breasts where they were flattened by the tightened material. Cupping one in each hand, Jani began to gently knead the flesh. Sheri's eyes half closed in pleasure and I pulled at my cock a couple times again to show my appreciation. Then with a swift motion Jani pulled Sheri's top up and her breasts dropped into view. I gave my shaft a few rapid jerks and let go, letting my cock bounce just above the seat of the chair so the girls could see how pleased I was. Both of them licked their lips. Jani finished pulling Sheri's top off and they switched places.

Sheri, however, didn't bother to pull the top down. Instead, she went straight to the bottom of Jani's top and pulled it up and off without any pomp. Jani's pert, small breasts popped into view, her nipples showing huge against the smallness of her womanly globes. I could just feel my lips sucking those breasts up while my tongue played with the nipples. Instead of taking the action, I just waited for what was next, not indicating pleasure or displeasure. Sheri had an uncertain look on her face as she reached around Jani and placed a hand over each small tit. I grabbed my shaft in expectation and waited. Slowly, with much hesitation, Sheri took each of Jani's massive nipples in between thumb and forefinger and rolled them slowly. Jani moaned with pleasure. I pulled slowly at my shaft with the same timing that Sheri was using to roll the nipples. I half shuttered my eyes and generated a look of lust so strong that I hoped it melted the girls in their panties. Sheri finally let go of Jani's engorged nipples and I let go of my hardened shaft. They watched with open lust as it bounced wildly in my crotch.

Watching my mobile manhood Jani turned sideways to me and pulled Sheri around to match. They hugged tight together and their breasts mashed into each other again, this time, sans top. Sheri's breasts seemed to roll over and engulf Jani's tits where her nipples pressed hard into Sheri's flesh. Sheri looked over at me and jumped when Jani bent and kissed her neck lightly. I smiled openly and Sheri seemed a little more relaxed as Jani placed a second kiss against her throat. Sheri's body tightened when Jani reached around her and squeezed her ass through her skirt. I pumped my cock a couple of times in appreciation. Sheri watched me and let the tension slide out of her again. Jani gave Sheri's ass another squeeze and then pulled the zipper. Slowly the white fabric parted and the skirt was held up only by their bodies pressed together. Jani mumbled something into Sheri's ear and Sheri repeated the process on Jani, minus the ass squeeze.

They both turned their backs to me and held the others' skirts closed, arms crossing to where they held each others' zippers. They looked at each other, Jani nodded, and the skirts fell in a grand unveiling. They were both looking over their shoulders at me when my cock made a rocket leap for the ceiling. Reflexively I put a hand on it and pumped powerfully gazing at their tight panty clad asses. They both wore matching bikini's that only spread to barely cover their cracks. Sheri's white ass was covered in black cloth while Jani's naturally tanned cheeks were revealed splendidly by white. Jani's ass was tight and slender under her white bikinis, her cheeks dimpling slightly as they pulled back from narrow hips. Sheri's ass was more full, showing some muscular definition as it lifted from the backs of her thighs.

I continued to pump furiously, wanting to cum right then. The girls had a different idea though as they advanced on me and pulled my free hand away. Once again my cock bounced free and I could feel the precum flowing from the end. I groaned my frustration. They both gave me a wicked grin. "Not yet," Jani told me. "And just to make sure..." She picked up her discarded bra and wrapped it around my arm and tied it to the arm of the chair. I groaned frustration again. They both giggled. I could've easily pulled free of the under garment, but what would've been the point? If I came then, I wouldn't get to cum all over Sheri's luscious body. Besides, some things are sexier than sex, and I desperately needed to see both of them fully nude.

They stepped away and both turned their backs to me. When they placed their feet shoulder width apart, I had a good idea of what was next. I was soon rewarded when they put their hands at their waistbands and slowly slid their panties down their thighs. As they bent their young pussies came into view in the V of their crotch under their tender asses. I had a sudden vision of grabbing each of their asses in turn and pounding my cock hard and full into their exposed pussies in turn. My body displayed the reaction by thrusting the mentioned member up and down with the timing of the image of slamming into their tight pussies. They straightened all too soon and found the reaction they had caused in my manhood.

They grinned evilly to each other and turned towards me, giving me a full frontal view of exquisite bodies. Sheri's aggressive pussy jutted at me from under her V of pubic hair, while Jani's was flat and smooth against her shaved groin. I couldn't help but look from face to face, breast to breast, stomach to stomach, pussy to pussy, and long legs to long legs. They were immaculate, and for now, I had them all to myself.

"Well, are you ready to cum yet?" Jani asked. I sighed an affirmitive. "On the desk big boy." Sheri untied me and I set the camera on the tripod. I sat on the desk and Sheri pulled the chair to her place in front of me.

"Scrunch down," I told her. "Let me see that gorgeous pussy." Sheri smiled and scooted her butt away from the back of the chair and spread her legs as wide as they would comfortably go. My cock was already bobbing slowly when I grabbed it. Before I could start my business however, Jani slapped my hand away.

I groaned in dissatisfaction. "Just hold your freakin' horses," she told me and rolled Sheri's chair forward as far as it would go under my desk, which meant I had to look straight down to see Sheri's pussy. She grabbed my hips and manipulated me so I was sitting precariously on the edge of the desk, with my balls hanging over into space about a foot in front of Sheri. Without warning Jani grabbed my cock and forced a surprised hiss of pleasure from me. "There. If I'm gonna clean it up, I'm gonna pick where it goes."

I think Sheri looked slightly nervous, but I was grinning like crazy. I could just imagine my cum exploding over her. Jani gave me a pull and my body spasmed with pleasure. Pleasuring yourself is one thing, but somebody else's hand there just intensifies the sensation. Sheri moaned. "I can see his balls crawling already."

Jani checked for verification and I moaned, "Oh, Sheri. They wanna shoot their hot treasure all over you. All over your hot body. Do you want it?"
