 My wife and I have been married a couple years; we're both in our early 30s. The relationship has been wonderful, and our sex life amazing. We trust each other implicitly, and we both have open minds, and we've always entertained each other's fantasies. My name is Ryan, and my wife is Sharon. She's the most beautiful woman I ever laid eyes on. Slender, with a petite build, pert breasts, a cute up-turned nose, hazel-green eyes, and short brown hair.

It was New Year's Eve. We'd decided to celebrate it with a nice home-cooked meal, some wine, and a toast of Champaign at midnight. We invited my wife's best friend, Angela, who she'd known since early childhood.

Angela showed up early, we were still cooking dinner. Both Sharon and I were good in the kitchen, and we often cooked together. We had this way of standing together, with me behind her, her ass wriggling back against me, my arms around her. We'd prepare food like we were one person with four arms. It wasn't perfect, it always led to messes, but that was part of the fun.

The doorbell rang, and I disentangled from my mate, and welcomed in Angela. She was also very beautiful, tall, similarly short hair but blonde, a larger bosom, and more pronounced curves. While Sharon was wearing casual jeans and an overly large t-shirt, Angela was wearing a long dress with a belt tied around her waist.

We spent the first part of the evening in the kitchen, cooking pasta, and catching up on the last year. We'd started into the drinks, each of us having a glass of wine. The conversation ranged from our careers to gossiping over our mutual friends. Dinner was delicious, and we drank a few more glasses of wine. Somewhere along the line we'd gone from chatting about our friends' lives to about their sex lives, or at least what the rumours were. Eventually we stumbled onto our own, first hearing about Angela's very busy social calendar, and then me and Sharon revealing stuff from before our marriage.

What surprised me most was that Sharon and Angela actually had a history, apparently they'd experimented in college, and even had a couple threesomes with guys. Angela said how she'd missed it and would love to get together with Sharon again, and she was interested in taking me for a ride too. Sharon stuck her tongue out, whereas I got a little hot under the collar. Angela laughed at that.

We realized that our wine-mellowed conversation may have gone further than it should have, and we were all a bit loss for words. I looked up at the clock, 9pm, and three hours till New Year.

"What would you ladies like to do to kill the time?" I asked.

"God, I want to fuck!" Angela blurted out, "This conversation has made me so horny!"

Sharon looked at Angela and then looked at me, but I could see from her expression already that she was considering something kinky, it was the same look she always got before suggesting we try a new kink.

"I've got an idea." Sharon said, "Why don't we play strip poker?"

"Too complicated, I've got a better idea," Angela said, "Strip blackjack!"

"What are the rules?" I asked

"Easy, we take turns being dealer. Players bet 1 item of clothing each hand. When you run out of clothing, you have to do a favour, anything." Angela answered.

"I take it you've played this before?" I asked. All I got as a reply was Angela sticking her tongue out at me. Sharon giggled at that.

"Who's dealer first?" Sharon asked.

"Ryan." Angela answered. "That way when we both win, he loses two items!"

I got the cards from the closet. I shuffled the cards while I was looking at the two beautiful women, mentally undressing them, and thinking about how soon that will really happen. I dealt the cards. The first hand went my way, Angela and Sharon both lost their shoes.

Sharon dealt next, but lost to me and Angela. She took off her socks first, and then she stood up. She undid her belt as she turned around, and then slowly lowered her jeans while bending over, showing the lacy red panties she had on, covering her very shapely ass. She did a little wiggle and then sat back down again with a giggle.

Angela took the cards next. "We have to make sure Ryan loses something this round!" She dealt the cards and Sharon and I lost. I quickly took off my shoes, and Sharon pulled her t-shirt over her head, showing off her beautiful petite breasts in a matching red lacy bra.

Angela passed the cards to me and I dealt them. This time luck was against me and I lost against both of them. I pulled off my socks and my shirt. Angela gave me an appreciative once over. "Mmm, I love a guy in shape!" she said.

Sharon dealt next, and won against Angela but lost against me. She took off her bra. I loved her breasts, pert, with small but pointy nipples that I loved to suck on. Angela gave up her belt.

"No fair!" I exclaimed.

"Trust me, boys and girls, I'm wearing a lot less than you two!" She replied, and stuck out her tongue at me once again.

Angela took the cards, and lost against both of us. She stood up and lifter her dress up, she had no panties on underneath. She had a blonde trimmed bush and a beautiful pussy that had fat outer lips and inner lips that stuck out. She pulled the dress higher and showed that she didn't have a bra either. Her breasts were larger than Sharon's with bigger areolas, but also very firm and beautiful.

Angela turned to Sharon and asked "So what favour should I perform?"

Sharon looked at me and back at Angela, "Why don't you kiss Ryan for a couple minutes?"

Angela stepped over to where I was sitting, and put her two legs on either side of me. She sat down on my lap, and must have felt my hard cock. She ground against it and gave me a deep kiss. We duelled with our tongues, and I put my hands on her breasts. After a couple minutes, Sharon coughed, and Angela went back to her seat, licking her lips.

I took the cards, hands shaking slightly. I lost against both, and lost my pants and underwear. I stood up and stripped down. My hard cock stood at attention. Sharon gave a smile, and Angela whistled. I couldn't help blushing, and sat down again. But I sat with my legs spread, and let the girls ogle. In retaliation Angela spread her legs and I could see her pussy glistening slightly. Her nipples were erect as well. So were Sharon's.

I passed the cards to Sharon. I won, but Angela lost. Sharon stood up and put her hands up behind her head and her legs crossed in a ballerina pose, stretching out to give her breasts extra lift (not that they needed them) and showing off her body. She turned around and slowly bent over, showing her ass in the red lacy panties. Then she hooked her fingers into them and slowly lowered them down, revealing her bare, sexy pussy. Both me and Angela clapped and whistled as Sharon sat down again with a slight blush on her face.

"What favour do you want from me this round?" Angela asked with a smile.

"Hmm..." Sharon paused for a bit, and then looked at me. "I want you to lie down on the table on your back, and let Ryan explore you with his hand."

That caused a shiver down my spine, and my cock throbbed at the thought, the girls giggled. Angela quickly got up onto the table and lied down, legs slightly spread. I stood up, my cock hard in front of me, almost reaching to touch her skin. I looked over her shapely body. I reached out with my left hand and laid it on her stomach. My other hand I reached down and placed on her knee. I started stroking softly and lightly, slightly tickling. Angela let out a sigh. I moved the left hand up, and cupped a breast. My right hand moved up the leg, first along the inside, and then slipping around to the outside, stroking along her hip, and then over to her pubic region. I brushed my fingers through her bush, curling the hair. Then with the back of my hand facing down, and the nails of my fingers resting on her skin, I dragged my hand, very lightly scraping through the hair, and down further, so that my nails brushed over her clit and lips. Angela let out a deeper, more content sigh. While I was doing this, I was massaging her breast, ever softly. I then moved my fingers over her nipple, and gave it a pinch. Angela shrieked, and I pressed into her moist pussy with my right hand. I moved my hand in and out, fucking her, while my thumb massaged and twirled her clit. I licked on my left hand's fingers to moisten them, and brushed them over her stomach and breasts and chests and along her chin. She was breathing heavily. Her pussy was wet, my fingers moving in and out with a squelching sound. Her pussy contracted, and she gasped, eyes wide, chest heaving, waist arched upwards. I touched her face with my right hand, the hand that was in her pussy, and brushed it along her lips. She grabbed my hand with both of hers and sucked on my fingers. When she was done, her arms flopped to the sides with exhaustion. Her right arm brushed against my cock on the way down, the precum leaking from it leaving a glistening trail.

I sat back down again, and Sharon looked at me with a smile on her face. Angela took a moment, lying there, before she got up and sat down back at her place.

"Wow, that was... wow." She said, a little breathlessly. "Who's turn was it?"

"Yours." Sharon answered, handing over the cards.

Angela dealt them out, and this time Sharon and me lost.

Angela looked over at Sharon, "Your turn." She said with a wink, "up on the table."

Sharon lay down on her back on the table, in the same position. Angela got into the position I had with her, and explored Sharon's body in a similar fashion to what I had done. She was standing in front of me, bending over Sharon's body, with her ass and wet cunt pointing back at me. She looked over her shoulders at me.

"As for your favour, do whatever you want." She said with a wink.

I buried my head into the space between her legs and licked at her pussy tasting the remains of her orgasm. I stroked my cock with my one hand, and then I stood up and pressed against her, and thrust my cock into her from behind. She sighed, and Sharon sighed too from Angela's explorations. Angela's pussy was tight, and I thrust in and out as I watched her finger my wife.

Then she pulled away from me and climbed onto the table. She positioned her cunt over Sharon's face, and sat down and leaned forward into a sixty-nine. She licked at Sharon's pussy as Sharon licked at hers.

I got up onto the table as well and knelt behind Angela. Putting both hands on her waist for support, I thrust forward and pushed my cock into her pussy again. I fucked her, as I felt my wife licking the part where we were joined. I looked down into her eyes as she looked up at me, with my cock in her best friend's pussy in both our field's of vision.

I thrust, and thrust again, and kept thrusting till I felt the pressure building. I exploded, and the cum squirted out and into Angela. I pulled out and Sharon grabbed my cock with one hand and pulled it to her lips, sucking on it and licking it clean. She then resumed licking Angela as my cum slowly seeped back out of Angela's pussy. They licked until they both groaned and Angela collapsed onto Sharon, and then rolled off to lie next to her, both looking exhausted and content.

I looked at the time, we'd missed new years. But at least we entered it with a bang. We were all three tired, and we dragged ourselves to the bed where we all three fell asleep spooning each other.