 I heard the doorbell ring while I was in the shower. Normally my master has me open the door for him, but since I was in the middle of washing myself for his company, he answered it.

As I turned off the shower and toweled myself off I wondered what outfit -if any at all- my master had chosen for me. I didn't have to wait long to find out. After entering the bedroom I saw the little black lace one piece he had picked out for me. It resembled a maid's outfit and even had a small white apron to be tied around my waist. 

After dressing I glanced at my reflection in the mirror. The lace hugged my hips and round ass while my breasts popped out a little at the top. I decided on tiny pearl earrings, with such short hair my master prefers I wear some jewelry. My face looked so innocent with my big green eyes and pink cheeks, but looks can be deceiving. 

I slipped on a pair of black heels and walked out in the hallway. I could hear the men conversing and I quickly stepped into the kitchen. I picked up a silver tray with several of my master's favorite toys upon it. The toys included a pink dildo, a riding crop, handcuff, rope, and couple of butt plugs. 

"Well, gentlemen, I'm sure my whore will be in here shortly to entertain us," I could hear my master saying. That was my cue to enter the Room. 

The Room looked like an average living space with a leather couch, a couple of leather recliners, a coffee table, a bar, and a big screen television. The Room had quite a bit of space, so this was where we did much of our entertaining. When I walked in all chatter ceased as the men took me in. I lowered my eyes and set the silver tray on the coffee table, which I noticed had been pushed far to the side. 

Folding my hands behind my back I asked, "Would anyone like a drink?"

My master smiled as he responded, "I think each of us would enjoy a beer?"

The other men nodded, still staring at my nearly naked body. I moved behind the bar to get the beers. They began to converse again as I pulled out the glasses and lifted my eyes to take in who all was there. 

There were five men. The first was my master's best friend, Tony. Tony was a couple of years younger than my master. He had very dark skin, but startling bright green eyes. I had always liked him. Then there was Tony's brother, Darren. The only difference in looks between him and Tony was his height. He was much taller than Tony and everyone else gathered in the Room. Next, I saw John. His pale skin contrasted nicely with his dark eyes and hair. He always wore a sarcastic smile that made me feel both embarrassed and aroused. Sitting beside John was Jack. Jack had quite a bit of muscle, but not much else. He never struck me as anything more than average in anything he did. And of course there was my handsome master. I did it all for him, you know. He had muscle and a very strong jaw, but most striking about him was his smile. His white teeth against his chocolate skin made me wet instantly. 

I brought the beers over to them and served them each before looking at my master for further instruction. He gestured for me to stay standing, but set the tray down. I obediently complied.

"I love the lace, Dominic. It brings out her...eyes," Tony grinned at me, making me blush and fidget. 

My master seemed pleased as he spoke to his company, "Thank you...please feel free to play with her. Don't wait on my account."

There was a wicked gleam in John's eyes as he patted his knee, "Come here."

Immediately I felt myself getting wet as I walked over and sat on John's knee. He grabbed my throat and roughly pushed my ear against his mouth. After biting my earlobe he whispered, "I meant bend over my knee, bitch. I want to see that pretty ass." 

I hastily bent over John's knee and had to set my head in Darren's lap. My master chuckled as John slapped my ass hard. I felt turned on by the humiliation, which embarrassed me even further. John continued spanking me as I heard zippers being opened. 

My master demanded, "Cunt, suck Darren's cock."

As soon as the command had left his lips, Darren shoved his dick into my mouth and held my head down. I gagged and could feel myself getting wetter.

"Look how red her ass is getting already," Tony observed, stroking his own cock.

"Mm, let's see how the little slut likes this," John laughed. He moved aside the lace covering me between my legs and began touching my pussy. He must have felt how aroused I had become because he snickered and said, "She's soaked! Jack! Stick your fingers in!"

I groaned on Darren's dick, which was still fucking my throat; as I felt a finger enter my pussy and another enter my tight asshole. 

Tony made a noise as he reached forward and squeezed my tits, "Fuck, she has such big titties! John let her up so I can suck them." 

"Fine," John said, but not before slapping my ass one more time.

I stood up unsteadily, but Jack and Tony stood with me. Jack stood behind me and grabbed my arms to hold against my back. He whispered in my ear, "You really love all of this, don't you?"

Tony leaned down and began sucking my right tit while squeezing and slapping the left. My master sat in his chair and watched. He glanced at Darren and John who were holding and rubbing their dicks. Then he said to me, "Spread your legs."

I moaned loudly as I did so. My pussy juice was dripping down my thighs and I could feel it trickling down. Darren groaned at the sight of it and John laughed. I bit my lip and tried not to beg for a cock inside of me. 

My master stood up and picked up a butt plug from the tray. He winked at Tony and handed it to him. Before I knew it I was roughly pushed on my hands and knees, making me squeak with surprise. 

"Spit on this," Tony commanded, holding the plug to my open mouth. I spit and he in turn spit on my ass. The plug was slowly pushed in and out of my ass as Darren began taking my heels off and Jack untied my apron. All the while John said filthy things in my ear and held my throat. My pussy was starting to ache for somebody's touch. The butt plug stayed in my tight hole and my muscles clenched around it. I felt so full already!

"On your knees," my master ordered. All of the men formed a circle around me. "Keep your mouth open and don't you dare shut it."

Almost as soon as I opened my mouth, a cock began fucking it. I gagged, sucked, and licked. I used my hands to rub the two other nearest dicks. I took whatever they wanted to give me. The sound of their grunting and moaning made me drip onto the floor and whimper. Soon I was thrown to a new cock and the process continued until I heard, "This bitch needs a dick in her pussy." 

Darren threw me to the floor. I was lying on my back, so the butt plug sunk deeper inside of me. I gasped at the sensation and they all laughed. 

My master smiled, "Somebody bring me the rope." Jack handed my master the rope and he expertly secured my hands so they were above my head while my legs were spread and tied to stay that way. I couldn't even lift my head to see what I had been tied to.  

The first to fuck my pussy was Tony. I knew it would not be my master; he liked to wait until I was soaked with cum and all of my holes were sore. Tony entered me slowly, taking the time to rub the head of his cock on my clit. I screamed as he began to fill me up. My pussy tightened instantaneously around his thick cock.

Tony wrapped his hand around my throat and was pounding me so hard that my tits and ass jiggled with each thrust. I could feel my orgasm building and as I looked up at everyone else watching, I came so hard I thought I would cry from the feeling of Tony's dick in me and the butt plug stuffing me as well.

"I love this tight fucking cunt," he growled.

My master replied, "Cum inside of her or on her, Tony. Wherever you like."

Tony began pumping even faster and quickly pulled out of me so he could cum all over my face. "Swallow it," he groaned. I obeyed, enjoying the hot cum that streamed down my face and onto my tongue. 

Next was Jack. He did not take the time to tease me; he just shoved his giant erection inside of me. 

"I'm going to cum all over those tits, bitch." 

His words acted like a light switch, making me cum on his cock. Not as hard as the first time but I still screamed and squirmed when he smacked my tits and bent over, still pummeling my pussy, to lick one of my sensitive nipples.

"Take it, cunt," he groaned just before he quickly pulled out of me to cum on my bouncing tits. His cum dripped down my chest onto the floor and I felt filthy as I lay there, wanting more. 

Darren's mouth was soon in between my legs. "Your pussy is so sweet," he murmured. I felt his tongue slide against my opening and then push between my lips for a better taste. Then he flicked his tongue on my clit and I began to convulse, climaxing wildly and tingling all over. Darren's dick penetrated me abruptly, making me shriek in surprise. He only had a few pumps before he came inside of me, collapsing on top of me and breathing heavily. 

"Next," my master chuckled as John knelt between my legs.

John slapped my face and rubbed his dick on my pussy, "Beg me, whore." My eyes widened. I looked at my master who nodded for me to proceed and obey John. 

"Please -stick...please, fuck me," I pleaded. 

John smirked, "Be specific."

My cheeks were pink with shame and my lip trembled, "Please, sir. Stick your cock inside of me and cum all over me. I want you to use me however you would like..."

But John clearly wanted to make this moment last as he leaned in to murmur, "You are such a filthy bitch, aren't you? You want all of these cocks to use your holes? You love being debased and used. Well, I'll give you what you want."

With that he shoved his prick in my pussy and reached around me to move the plug in and out of my asshole. I could feel another orgasm building up and as soon as he smacked my ass I came undone. John began fucking me even harder until he came all over me, drenching me in his cum. 

I lay there, breathing heavily and mentally begging my master to fuck me now. I looked up into his eyes and I knew he was about to give my pussy the cock it yearned for most.

"Gentlemen, you may cum on her again, if you like, while I use all of her holes," he said as he bent down and removed my butt plug. "Lick." 

I did so and he lightly squeezed my ass since I had instinctively lifted my hips towards him. He took the plug and sat it back down on the tray, returning with the riding crop and dildo. My pussy somehow got even wetter and my face flushed, I was ready for whatever he wanted to give me.

The other four surrounded us, playing with their hardening dicks. I marveled at their stamina, but that was not on my mind for long. My master straddled my face, so his balls hung just above my mouth. 

"Lick them," he instructed. 

He then handed Tony the dildo and the riding crop. He wanted his hands free to hold my head so I could not move. I licked the underside of his balls and he moaned for me to suck them. I sucked both of them into my mouth, making a slurping noise. I kept them in my mouth as I played with his balls with my tongue. 

He said something, but I could not hear him over my own cries of pleasure against his balls. Suddenly, I felt a sharp slap on my inner thigh. I could not see whom, but one of the men was using the riding crop on me. My master shifted and I was soon sucking his big cock. I gagged on his shaft, the head hitting against the back of my throat, but he did not let up. He pulled out of my mouth for a moment to slap my face with his member, but soon he was back inside. All of the while, the riding crop continued to slap against my bare skin. 

My master was sighing with pleasure as he slowly pulled his hard cock out of me - causing me to groan for more. He moved off of me and told Tony to hand him the dildo. I squirmed with frustration, wanting a real dick inside of me. 

"Shall I put this in your pussy or ass," my master asked me. I yearned for him to fill my cunt and I told him so. 

He chuckled at me, "Your ass it is."

He motioned to the others for me to be untied and he was suddenly ripping the lacey outfit off of me. I was sad to see the beautiful lace shredded on the floor beneath me, but the air on my exposed skin felt so nice. In no time, I was completely naked and on all fours again. 

John said maliciously, "Fuck your little slut, Dom. Make her scream!"

My master laughed with the rest of them and I felt ashamed when my pussy's juices began dribbling onto the floor again.

"Beg him, you whore," Darren reached down and spanked me. I moaned loudly at the harsh contact.

Troy sneered at my master, "She really wants it. Look at her biting her lip and pushing her ass up towards you."

My master smiled, "What do you say? Should I give my bitch something nice in her ass?" 

Before anyone even answered him, he had spit on my ass and slid the dildo in slowly. I screamed and started to pull away, but my master steadied me with his hand around my neck. He continued to fuck my ass with the dildo. His erection rubbed against my upper thigh and I could hear his breathing quickening. 

"Do you like being watched while I use you like this, baby," my master asked. He spanked me before continuing his assault on my ass, "Answer me."

"Yes, sir."

"Why?"

"Because I am a filthy slut."

"Yes, you are."

He pulled the dildo out of my ass and shoved his cock inside. I yelled, but was silenced by John in my mouth again. I loved being fucked like this, but wanted someone in my pussy. I blushed at how hungry I was for cock.

I felt cum splatter my back and ass. Jack and Darren had both cum on me again. Soon John was cumming in my mouth and I swallowed all of it. My master pulled out of my ass and nodded to Tony. Tony picked me up and I was set back down on my master's cock that slid into my slick pussy like it was nothing. 

I was riding my master's fat dick with all that I had, I wanted to please him. He pulled me down for a rough kiss. That was when I felt another cock entering my asshole. I was being fucked in my asshole and my cunt, being stretched out and used. I started cumming so hard that my master had to hug me to him so I would stay still. I screamed as he came inside of my pussy and Tony came inside of my ass, spanking me as he finished. 

After both cocks had left me, I was left lying in a puddle of cum and sweat on the floor. I watched the men put their shirts back on and zip their pants back up. My master helped me to my feet and kissed me. Then he said, "Go ahead and get another shower, baby. You need it."