 It was the first evening of our holiday, two weeks away on the continent, staging half way at our friend's house in the north of France. It had been a long day, overnight on the ferry, we had disembarked at 7.00 am and four hours later we were driving down the narrow track to Monique's house in the deepest French countryside. 

After the usual welcome feast we settled down to a bottle of well deserved wine. It was a warm summer evening as we sat on the terrace to the rear of the small and cosy cottage, catching up since our last visit two years earlier. We made the usual plans for the stay, where to go, what to do and who to see.

Hillary, my wife, went upstairs in the stone built house, for a shower as the evening cooled. Monique and I adjourned to the cosy little, stone clad, sitting room and chatted merrily.

Monique was an attractive woman, demure, medium height with short fair hair, slim with small boobs. She was in her late thirties with two teenaged kids and was a divorcee. The kids were staying at their father's house in a neighbouring village. 

Hillary was around the same age, shorter than Monique, but perhaps a little plumper, with a curvy body, shoulder length brunette hair and sexy 38 DD boobs. 

When Hills came down it was my turn for ablutions, after a long shower I came downstairs in my pyjamas. Both women were sat opposite each other chatting away, Hillary in a deep and wide arm chair opposite a matching green leather sofa, a simple but well appointed hearth and chic entertainment stack across the room, typical French rustic, with the ubiquitous continental style.

It was unusual to see Monique drink anything, this was indeed new, but she and Hills were glugging it back with almost gay abandon, by the time I came back they were well in to the second bottle. Our welcomes were always emotional, tonight was going to be no exception.

I managed to pour myself an ice cold beer and sit down on the sofa before Monique turned to Hills and bleated out in a thick French tone,

"Why can't I get a man?" 

This was a reference to her last boyfriend who after several months had kept her hanging on and on, she knew how to pick them, ever since her husband had knocked off her best friend Monique had cut a somewhat lonely figure. To her great credit she had raised two lovely children and forged a career, but as a result couldn't hold down a long term relationship with any male suitors.

Hills and I looked at each other; we had had this discussion before.

"Perhaps it is because you try too hard, you get nervous and don't relax," Hills said.

"I am still very lonely," Monique replied. 

"But you have the boys," Hillary responded.

"The boys are great, but I need some adult company, a man".

"What do you want from a man?" I asked, "love, sex, or marriage?"

"I just want companionship," replied Monique.

"Then get a dog!" Hillary joked. This didn't go down all that well, the tears started welling up. I was starting to think Hills had drunk enough.

I glared at Hillary, swung around, took Monique by the shoulders and started to give her a massage.

"There," I said, "try to relax, we are here now. Have you tried looking on the Internet?" Monique turned away from me and shrugged her shoulders to encourage me further.

"Yes I have, but they only want one thing there." She said.

"Money or sex, I bet." I said, knowing she still had feelings for her deadbeat ex. "Sex is easy to get, love is a lot harder,"

"I don't know why people are so hung up about sex," she said, arching her back towards me, her voice faltering a little. She took another sip of wine as she started to shuffle her backside deeper into the cushion. 

Hillary was watching, her eyes starting to widen and her jaw starting to drop. Monique's breathing started to shorten and her concentration began to waver. A slight judder shook her body; she arched her back further and let out a short sigh. 

Monique grabbed my wrists and moved them to the base of her neck and whispered, "Again," in a deep and husky tone.

There was an eerie silence as Hillary, holding her wine glass, taking the occasional sip, gazed on in disbelief. 

I continued to rub as ordered. Monique licked her lips, closed her eyes and leaned towards my manipulating fingers. This time a stronger convulsion took a grip of Monique, she gave out a louder moan, 

"Mon D......My God!" she stammered out in a thick French tone.

After an awkward and what seemed an eternal silence. Hillary asked, "Did you just .....?" 

Monique just burst out crying. "Oh my God," she kept repeating over and over. I let go.

"I am so sorry," she kept repeating.

"Its OK," I said, "you are with friends," trying to keep it light I said, "what is an, er, orgasm, between friends eh?"

"It is just that it has never happened to me before," Monique replied.

"Well you never had one of my neck rubs before!" I said.

"No you don't understand, it has never happened before," Monique repeated.

"What do you mean?" asked Hillary.

"I never had an orgasm before," said Monique. "This is my first time, I always though of sex as somewhat of a chore and only did it to keep men happy. I always wondered why people made such a fuss about it"

"You mean you have never came before now?" Hillary said in disbelief. "You poor thing, not even on your own – you know." She said making a twiddling gesture with her fingers in the direction of her crotch.

"No...." Said Monique, "I never got the chance, I shared a room with my sister and getting married quite young I never did."

I was getting more than a little uncomfortable, "Well it was only a small one, it's only natural, like a, a sneeze..."

"A hell of a sneeze!" Hillary said with a giggle. At least I had broken the tension.

"What is one small orgasm between friends," I added. "Besides you were being treated by the hands of lurve, just imagine what would have happened had I meant it!"

"Two..." said Monique, "I had two, the second one wasn't all that small either, do they get bigger than that?"

"Oh yes," said Hillary, "He is very good at giving the big O."

"Do you mean with the mouth?" enquired Monique pointing at her lips.

"Oh yes he can do that as well – he can make me come really hard when he puts his mind to it - do you not have a, you know, vibrator?" responded Hillary.

"I tried one for my ex but it didn't do anything for me." Monique said lowering her tone.

"Perhaps Hills can give you a few tips," I said, not knowing what else to say or even how to change the subject. 

Hillary pouted and pursed her lips at me.

Before I could say anything else Monique drained her half filled glass, threw up her dress and pulled down her pants, "OK I am ready – show me now!"

Hillary almost choked in her glass, but took a huge gulp and then squinted at me. I almost fell off the sofa! As Hillary started to describe how she liked to masturbate. At this point I was unsure as to where to put myself, there I was sitting next to our friend with her fingers moving towards her, rather hairy, gash and my wife opposite blurting out instructions. I dare not catch her eye but couldn't help staring at Monique's bushy mound.

She struggled to find a decent rhythm, half covering her mound and pushing a stray finger into her pussy, she withdrew saying, "It is no good, I am just not sensitive enough," her voice quivering she was on the verge of tears again.

"You are rubbing in the wrong place. Move up...., no down...., doh..." I knew that, when drunk, Hillary lost her inhibitions, as she was illustrating by being so forthright with her instructions, but what was to follow went beyond even that.

With a tut of frustration Hillary stood up, yanked her skirt up, placed a thumb under each side of the waist band on her knickers and pulled them down, in a quick jerking motion. She dumped herself back on to the chair and spread her legs eagled, exposing her neatly trimmed quim, she drew her cunt lips wide open with one hand and pointed with the other, 

"Look" she said, licking the pointing finger, "Rub it here."

Hillary is very sensitive in her clitoral area and I knew that she would come in a few strokes if she was aroused. Monique stared at Hillary's, now glistening wet cunt, as she expertly frigged herself.

"How does that feel?" asked Monique.

"You have just got to get into the groove." Hillary replied with shortening breaths, her ample breasts staring to heave.

"I am getting wet, but I don't think it is working – it never does..." Monique started to give up. 

"You are still in the wrong place, that works better later," Hillary nodded at me, "go on, help her out." She said, slowing her rubbing and circling her swollen clit, concentrating on her own building pleasure. I took Monique's shoulders again.

"Not like that!" She said, nodding again, motioning me further down. I moved my hand down towards Monique's right breast. Hillary shook her head again and motioned me further.

I moved my hand down further, sliding it down, past the fold of her dress to the exposed part of her leg, I continued, glancing at and seeking confirmation from my madly frigging wife, until my hand covered her hairy slit. Hillary frowned at me.

"Don't frig her, that won't work now will it? For God's sake Rob, go down on her would you!" She barked out as she pushed a finger into her wet hole, starting the final build up to an orgasm.

I duly obliged, sliding down onto my knees, keeping at an angle so I could still keep one eye on my wife with her legs wide apart, now ramming two fingers into her gaping snatch. She occasionally took her sopping wet fingers from her twat to her mouth or pinched a nipple through her thin cotton blouse. Hills was almost at the point of no return, both Monique and I stared as she started to get lost in the moment.

I moved Monique's hand away from her muff, spun my head and breathed in the scent of Monique's musk before pointing my tongue toward her silky, moistening slit. I began to draw my tongue up and down in long strokes, from top to bottom. Her clit began to swell, and boy did it swell. I pulled back to take stock. Monique immediately put her hands in the way. I gently pried them from her sweet gash. Hillary let out loud a gasp as Monique's engorged clit sprang into full view. 

There it was, as big and thick as a pencil rubber, sticking out beyond her hairy cunt lips. 

"There you are. Now you know." Monique said ashamedly, "I knew you wouldn't like it, none of the men do, they all say it is like sucking on a small boy's ......."

"Its.... Its fantastic" I said stammering out a reply, I had never seen one that big before.

It was indeed magnificent; I fell on it with my mouth, exploring the limits of the shiny dome and hood with my tongue, drawing the nub between my teeth and sucking on it as if it were an erect nipple. 

Monique's body twitched and twisted beneath me as we both explored these new sensations. After all this time her biggest asset was the cause of her inhibitions.

"I have always been a bit shy of things down there," she said as she pulled at her minge to fully expose her knob. I circled and sucked home, moving away to breathe and down to taste her wetness. She moved my head back with her hands to keep my tongue at her button, raised her hips upward, her grip tightened and her breath shortened. 

Hillary came first and loudest, her body convulsing and bucking wildly on the chair. 

Monique was building too, forcing my face towards her cunt. Her legs started to clamp my head in place as she bucked her hips and ground her mound on my face. 

With a series of pants and "My God's" she came for the second, or rather the third, time as my tongue darted into her wet crevasse.

"Wow, that was better," said Hillary as she grinned and cooed.

"That's nothing!" I said, "I can give out better ones than that!"

"Show me." Monique said, tweaking at her nipples and pulling off the remainder of her dress. 

"You have a magnificent clit," said Hillary. "Now that we know you can come; all we need to do is show you the right techniques". 

She stood, removing the remainder of her clothes and sat next to Monique on the sofa. Sitting with her legs spread she took Monique's hand.

"Here you do me and I'll give instructions." She said taking another gulp from her glass. Monique's left hand snaked its way towards Hillary's inner thigh.

"That tickles; you are supposed to be wanking me off not making me laugh, here like this." Hillary's hand drove at Monique's tight hole, inserting a finger right up to the knuckle. Monique gasped and lay back, determined to enjoy the ride. 

Hillary spun round, dropped to her knees in front of me, pushing another finger up Monique's wet and willing cunt. Monique drew her knees up, exposing her hairy bush to my gaze. She pawed at her nipples with one hand wand pulled at her clit with the other, wanking it off. The sounds and sights were awesome. 

Hillary shifted; now frigging Monique with two fingers, she lent forward and started to suck on the exposed knob, drawing it into her mouth like a straw.

I was almost beside myself, this was every man's fantasy and it was happening to me. Here I was, watching my wife licking our friend to a frenzy.

She was on her knees with her creamy cunt open to my outstretched hand. I started to give her what she was giving our friend, first one, then two fingers, driving them into her hot and wet gash.

I bent down; enjoying the sight and sounds of my wife licking out our friend, her head now held down by Monique's firm grip, I knew Monique was on the way.

Hillary's cunt was squelching and juicing as I increased the speed of my probing fingers. I pulled her butt cheeks apart with my right hand to expose her bud, watching it blink as her cunt gripped my frothing fingers in and out.

I couldn't resist bending further and running the tip of my tongue across the wrinkled eye. Hillary gasped and thrust backward. Going with the signal I drew my tongue into a point and drove and it deep into her clenching asshole, she came, gushing come over my hand, her taught ass almost taking the tip of my tongue off as her muscles contracted around it.

Hillary's moaning was muffled as she tongued at Monique's eager snatch, Monique came loudly too, bucking her body and gushing come over Hillary's face.

The two women paused, panting, the scent of their sex hanging in the air. 

"What about me?" I asked, by now I thought my cock would explode. 

Hillary swung around and without wiping Monique's come off her face sank my meat deep into her hot mouth. I was gone, I didn't know how long could I last. 

Hillary was an expert at head, she could make me come in seconds and oh my God was she trying to. I thought my brains were being sucked out!

I heard some shuffling as Hillary adjusted her position so she could drive her head up and down on my aching tool. She rarely liked me licking her arse and almost never took my come in her mouth but she wasn't looking like she was holding back. 

She began to sigh deeply as she drove her head up and down my throbbing cock in longer strokes, taking me deeper and deeper each time. Finally, almost cross eyed, I knew I couldn't hold on any longer.

"I'm going to come." I said, giving as much warning as I could, to allow her the option to withdraw before I lost the capacity for rational thought. 

"Oh fuck," I sighed, as my eyes rolled. I gripped her head as my cock exploded, gushing its load deep in her hot mouth. 

Hillary was breathing heavily as I pumped more and more come into her, I opened my eyes to see Monique draped upside down, on her back, her legs on the sofa, Hillary was kneeling over her, sitting on her face. 

Monique lay there sucking at my wife's cunt, frigging herself to a stupor with both hands. A loud groan emerged from my wife's tightly clamped jaw as she shuddered to yet another orgasm at the end of Monique's tongue. 

Hillary had taken my come but retained it, by now she would have normally spat it out. Instead she stood and turned around to deliver her salty cargo to Monique, dribbling it from her lips, into Monique's wide open mouth.

I watched, agog, as my wife dripped my thick come on to Monique's eager tongue. Monique drank it down, increasing the speed of her fingering until the point where they became almost a blur. 

She came, arching her back, squirting a jet of hot come on to the back of the leather sofa. She held a look of surprise and contentment, with a broad grin and victorious sigh. 

Licking the last drop of my come from the corner of her mouth Monique said, "Oh my God, now I understand what all the fuss is about, what have I missed for all these years? Thank you both." She cried again and we all held each other.

And this was just the first day of the holiday!