 Part 9 - The Add is Answered

When I arrived home Sandy ran up to me passionately and gave me a big sloppy kiss. She said that there were messages in the personals voice mail! 

In all there were already six messages. We listened to each one and wrote down the two phone numbers belonging to couples. The other four messages were from single men. Since I operated the voice mail I saved all of the messages without mentioning it to Sandy. I told Sandy that it would probably be less imposing if she were to make the calls.

Sandy dialed and put the phone on speaker. The first couple was in their late forties and sounded nice, but the husband was only interested in watching his wife with another woman. The woman did not sound closed on the deal. It seemed like she was being pressured into it. 

The second couple turned out to be pay dirt! They were both professionals in their early thirties. James was a lawyer and Maria, who had a sexy Spanish accent, was a head nurse. We had a nice easy going conversation. James and Maria were so easy to talk to. Maria told us that she had initiated their couple search after she had a very fulfilling affair with another nurse at her hospital. When James found out, she told him that lesbian sex was too good to give up, so they agreed that they would not have affairs on their own but would swing together. James was also open minded about being with other men.

We quickly agreed to meet the next evening at a local café. The next day after classes Sandy and I cleaned our apartment spotless - just in case. I could not stop thinking about how leaning was just a chore when I wasn't wearing my maid's uniform. Once we were done cleaning we took a shower together and got ready for our date. Sandy wore a yellow sundress with a flowered pattern. At the same height as me, at five foot eight she was stunning! 

We immediately spotted James and Maria sitting at a secluded booth. James appeared to be black and we later found out that he had a black father and a white mother. He was tall, slim and quite handsome. Maria was short and just a tad bit chubby which gave her a voluptuous appearance. She was Porto Rican with the clearest olive skin, and a beautiful smile full of white teeth. 

Maria turned out to be the kinky one in their relationship. She explained how she was raised in a strict Catholic home. When she started nursing school and lost her virginity she learned how good sex was and threw out all her Catholic upbringing. She had lesbian affairs, practiced BDSM and had been gang banged. 

The one thing she had not seen was any man on man sex. James told us that he would have never thought of, let alone tried, any of the things that Maria suggested but always enjoyed them once convinced. Recently Maria had been trying to get him to share another man with her and he was willing to try.

With that we agreed to go back to our place which was right around the corner. James quickly paid the bill. I could not take my eyes off of Maria's ass when she got up to leave. Sandy's ass was round small and firm. It's cheeks would fit right into the palms of my hands. Maria's ass was about twice the width. However it seemed quite firm in her slacks and defied gravity by holding a beautiful curved form with no sag whatsoever! It looked so juicy and seemed just perfect!

When we got to our place I opened up a couple of beers for James and myself and breezers for the ladies. We just naturally gravitated to the bedroom, even before we finished the drinks. Once in the bedroom James grabbed Sandy and started fondling her ass. She replied by kissing him passionately and moaning softly. I could not believe how confidently he initiated himself on to Sandy and how she followed his lead without the slightest hesitancy! I was nervous and felt relieved when Maria grabbed me by the waists and pulled me towards her. I looked down into her eyes and smiled as I felt her huge tits on my stomach and her thighs hugging my leg right above my knee. I tilted my head downward and kissed her luscious lips. Letting go of my waist she grabbed the sides of my head and kissed me so passionately. I took this opportunity to pet and cup her ass. It was so round and firm. I could not believe it! 

James and Maria, being a little more than ten years older than us, led the action with their confidence and sexual prowess. Soon Sandy and I were down to just our underwear while they were still fully dressed. At this point Maria said that she did not want James to lose focus of their main objective - trying man on man sex. Even though she is short, Maria was very assertive and commanded him to strip and switch partners. 

James quickly stripped and nervously approached me. 

Maria grabbed Sandy around the waist with one arm and said, "Honey we are now going to see the best show of our lives!" "Go on James, grab Ron's dick." "Get acquainted with that nice thing!" 

Even though James had been so confident with Sandy he hesitated with me. He gingerly grabbed my dick. His dick was not much larger than mine but the black color was intriguing. I reached out not for it, but the balls hanging underneath. I grabbed his ass with my other hand and pulled him in close. I could hear the excitement of the girls on the bed as I gently tugged his balls and cupped his ass cheek. I heard an, "Oh my God!" from Maria as I kneeled down in front of James. 

I wanted to tease James some and build up some anticipation before enjoying my first black cock. I started nuzzling the crease between James's thigh and balls. The musky scent was intoxicating and I started licking gently. 

Maria shouted, "Take him in your mouth!" 

I slowly looked over at her. She was sitting on the bed holding Sandy and bouncing up and down with excitement. "Maria, hold your horses." I warned and went back to work on his crotch. I was enjoying its scent and taste so much and marveled at the thick kinky pubic hair. I took each nut in my mouth individually and made a show of pulling it down. The ladies squealed in delight and James moaned.

Maria told James that I was doing all the work and that she wanted to see him making an effort to. James picked me up and knelt down in front of me. I was sorry because I had not got my mouth around his dick yet. James just dived right in and started sucking my dick. The women were giggling and yelling all sorts of encouraging comments. This was actually more of a turn on to me than his cocksucking. After a couple of minutes I felt an orgasm approaching. I warned James saying that I too needed to get his dick into my mouth before cumming. 

We again traded places and I took his dick right in my mouth this time. James grabbed my hair between his fingers. I took him to the hilt 

mashing my nose in his kinky pubic and feeling his cock head slide into my throat. His size was just perfect, much smaller than Choker's massive tool but somewhat larger than Glen's. I could fit it all the way in and not feel too stuffed. We both moaned together and after only a few strokes James said that he was going to cum soon. 

At James's mention of cumming I pulled out and said that I had a better idea if the ladies were willing. They hugged each other and nodded. I said, "I want to suck your cock more but I also want Sandy to feel it." "If you fuck Sandy good and hard and let me watch, I will surprise everyone afterwards!" 

Maria asked, "What is the surprise?" I just smiled and told her that she would have to trust me.

After everyone agreed, James went over to Sandy and started kissing her and running his hand all over her body. Maria removed Sandy's bra and panties and James pushed her down on the bed. He then chugged down the rest of his beer, stating that he needed to compose himself after my cocksucking. With that he laid on Sandy placing his dickhead in her slit. I was amazed to see that it shined with her natural lubrication as he slid just his head in an out a few times. Sandy was moaning. I could see that with her legs wrapped around his back, she was trying to pull him in deeper. All of a sudden in one quick movement James plunged in to the hilt and Sandy let out a large gasp! "This is heavenly!" she sighed in contentment.

Meanwhile I had sat behind Maria so that I could feel her ass press against my dick. It was so soft and warm. I wrapped my arms around her and inserted my right hand into the front of her panties. I could feel a huge bush and after parting it and inserting my finger into her swampy gash I easily had enough lubrication to start gently stroking her clit. She kept wiggling back against me and moaning. I loved the soft, warm feel of her voluptuous body in my arms. I couldn't believe how she felt so different from Sandy. 

After only a few minutes of hard fucking James grunted like a bull moose and let his load fly deep into Sandy's hole. He thrust a few more times and then just lay on her. After a minute of relaxation he got off of her and his still hard dick was covered in their fuck juices. Sandy said, "It's too bad that you couldn't last longer." "I was having a marvelous time!" I reluctantly left Maria and took the whole length of James cock into my mouth cleaning it! 

"Oh my God!" Maria yelled. "That is so hot and nasty!"

I made a show of swallowing what I had collected and stated, "Now for the surprise that I promised you all!" 

You could hear a pin drop as I laid on the bed with my face staring into Sandy's raw gash. Sandy kept her pubic hair neatly trimmed so I could see the puffy lips protruding with white congealed cream on them. Her pubic hair seemed to be clean. A little sweaty but not wet. I sniffed deeply and turned to smile at James and Maria. I formed a point with my tongue and put it on Sandy's asshole, or camera shutter as I like to think of it. I licked from her asshole, over her right puffy lip, to her hood in one long slow lick. I repeated the process and went over her left cunt lip. I did not get any semen but did lick up a lot of the congealed cunt cream. It was tangy and I swallowed it down. I licked up and down Sandy's gash a few times not getting much cum. I rolled over on to my back pulling at Sandy's hips. She got the message and squatted down on her knees over my face.

James and Maria were in shock and I heard Maria say to James, "I want you to learn from him!" "That is one devoted man!" 

I grabbed Sandy by the hips and pulled her down on to my face. Gravity was my friend and I got a nice run of cum into my mouth after enveloping her whole opening, sticking my tongue in and working it around some. I continued to stir with my tongue and suck alternating between the two. The cum quickly subsided and I concentrated just on Sandy's clit until she clenched my ears between her thighs in an intense orgasm. When she came she must have squeezed some deeper cum out because after she climbed off of me I had a glob of cum on my chin. I scooped it up with my finger and sucked it off swallowing it down greedily. 

Everyone clapped and Maria raved about how hot my performance had been. 

She then said assertively, "James you are going to do the same to me after Ron gives me a good and proper pounding!" 

She then jumped on me, pushing me down into the mattress on my back. Maria quickly climbed on and began riding my cock. In many instances if I am brought to the brink of orgasm, as I had been by James's blowjob and then calm down, It becomes quite hard for me to reach orgasm. I was glad for this now. Maria's meaty thighs and ass rode up and down on me and squished me into the mattress quite nicely. The feeling of new pussy was so good! I could feel her wiry bushy pubic hair mash into my pelvic bone and her big tits jiggled nicely with every bounce. It was a pleasure to hold her buns in my hands!

Out of the corner of my eye I could see Sandy working on James's cock with her mouth trying to get him hard again I envied her but had my hands pleasurably full of Maria's ass. After a few minutes of hard riding Maria had a loud orgasm but continued riding. I almost thought that she peed on me she was so wet! The new lubrication did wonders and her pussy walls now felt feathers tickling the sides of my shaft. I had a shuddering climax and unloaded my seed deep into her. Maria felt my spasms and this triggered a second orgasm from her and she ground her ass into my body as hard as she could. 

When we both calmed down Maria plopped to her back on the mattress. I scraped all of our mingled juices off my cock and licked them off my index finger and thumb. 

Maria said, "Honey that wasn't necessary." "You have done more than enough." "James should have done that!" 

With that she called James over and demanded that he clean her pussy like I had cleaned Sandy's. We all watched as James put his head down between her legs and after a few dramatic seconds said, "I'm sorry honey." "I just can't bring myself to do it." 

I jumped at the chance saying, "It is my pleasure to clean your gorgeous puss!" 

Maria said, "You are more than welcome honey." "James, I will settle with you later!" 

With that I laid on the bed and took a close look at Maria's pussy. The inner lips were not pink like Sandy's but a dark shade of purple. The lips were very stretched out and had a well used "older" look about them. The whole area from the top of the panty line, all the way back into the crack of her ass, was covered in a dense thick curly mass of pubic hair. All of this pubic hair was matted and contained clots of white colored congealed pussy juice. It was also wet with beads of sweat. I took a deep sniff and loved the strong odor of sex that greeted me. My semen did not worry me but I wondered if I could really clean all that "cottage cheese" from her pubic hair. 

I closed my eyes and sucked the largest of the congealed globs into my mouth. It was tangier than Sandy's emissions but not repugnant so I went to work cleaning it all out of her pubic hair. A couple of minutes of this pleasurable work had her pubic mound looking much better. No more white could be seen in the jet black curls. I took my fingers and parted all of the hair in order to reveal her hidden gash. Since my fingers were already there I parted her lips wide and started licking and sucking the whole inner part of her snatch. I let go of her lips and took turns sucking each curtain into my mouth. All this was not doing me much good because I was not getting any of my load out. 

I told Maria that in order for me to truly clean her out she would have to ride my face like she rode my cock a few minutes ago. She was up in a second and waited for me to lay down and position my head under her spread legs. The curvy view of her legs, crotch and amazing ass was magnificent! When she started squatting down it was probably the sexiest movement that I had ever seen in my life! All that sexy meatiness descending upon me! When her pussy made contact with my mouth I realized that I was going to be smothered! 

Maria rocked back and forth on my mouth. My nose was caught between her fleshy ass cheeks and I could only breathe when she rocked forward. I quickly learned to time my breathing rhythm to the speed of her rocking and enjoyed my fleshy prison. Soon her juices started flowing again. When she started putting more weight down on my face I knew that she was close and was wondering when my load would find its way out into my starving mouth. I did not have to wait long before I felt a shudder. Once again I was flooded with so much liquid that I thought she was peeing on my face! It was so runny that most of it ran down my cheeks and neck. Next a big glob of my deposited cum that must have been deposited deep within her, dribbled out and into my mouth. I swished it around swallowing greedily. I then kept running my tongue deep into Maria's snatch to try and get any more traces that might be lingering behind. When Maria calmed down from her orgasm she released me from my confinement. 

James and Sandy had watched the whole thing and were amazed. James now said, "You are one kinky dude!" "You got more balls than me." 

Sandy came over and kissed me saying, "Even though I felt some jealousy at your intimate coupling, I am so proud of you!" With that we kissed deeply and Sandy licked around my mouth saying that she could taste Maria on me!

I now went into the kitchen to get some more beers and breezers. When I came back we all settled down on the bed and talked about what had just happened. The ladies were totally turned on by the cocksucking that James and I had performed earlier. They also enjoyed the poundings that they got from us. 

Maria mentioned how it was so fun to be with such a young energetic guy like me. Sandy told us how she loved James's bigger cock and the different rhythm that he used on her. Both ladies were in love with my cleanup performance and agreed that it stole the show. Maria said that she never dreamed that she would have her pussy cleaned orally by a man after a raw pounding! Sandy told her that I had only done it to her recently but that it would become a staple in our lives because she loved it so much!

To be continued . . . .