 Part 10 - Decadent Couplings

After discussing and analyzing the raunchy sex we had just performed, Maria said that she was dying to get a taste of Sandy. She said, "Come to Mama!" In her sexy Porto Rican accent, while patting the bed next to her, and pushing James away. 

I could tell that Sandy was nervous, for she hesitated and trembled a little. 

Maria said, "Honey there is nothing to worry about, I am only going to eat you!" With that we all laughed and Sandy scooted over to Maria.

Maria grabbed Sandy's head and pulled her toward her kissing her tenderly on the lips. Sandy did not pull away and Maria started kissing more passionately. I now saw Sandy open her mouth and stick her tongue into Maria's mouth. By now Sandy was sitting on Maria's lap being held tightly by her. She now started attacking Maria's full lips sucking them into her mouth and giving them playful but lascivious nibbles. 

I was proud of Sandy when she took the lead and pushed Maria over onto her back! She laid on top and attacked her mouth viciously! Sandy was squirming around like a worm on Maria and Maria was trying to pull her in tight by wrapping her legs around her. I loved seeing the contrasting white and olive colored skin.

I was surprised that Sandy had shown some assertiveness however Maria quickly affirmed her dominance by rolling over and pinning Sandy under her. Sandy just moaned deeply when Maria started working over her nipples with her mouth. She then proceeded south and reached Sandy's trimmed snatch. 

Maria attacked her gash with gusto. She soon raised her head and said, "My, this trimmed bush gives easy access!" She looked at me and said, "You are one hell of a cleaner! I can't even get a hint of a taste of James's goo in here. It is just one hundred percent pure sweet pussy!" 

With that she dived back down and continued to ravish Sandy's pussy until she palpitated in throes of ecstasy. 

When Sandy calmed down she told Maria, "Please let me return the favor." 

Maria replied, "My pleasure honey!" "But I still want more of your sweet stuff!" And, with that she turned around plopping her pussy over Sandy's mouth. The girls were now in a truly awesome sixty nine position and set to work upon each other with a contagious intensity.

The last thing I noticed before diving back down on James was Sandy wrapping here arms around Maria's waist so that she could pull herself in with more force! I started sucking on James's cock right away since he was hard from watching the girl's show. James told me that he wanted to also sixty nine so I laid down on my back next to Sandy and he climbed on top of me feeding me his dick. 

This was the first time that I sixty-nined with another man. It was curious that we seemed to adjust to the pace and intensity of each other's sucking! It was also a new feeling having an upside down dick in my mouth. From this new upside down angle I could only give James good friction by using my lips or the entrance of my throat. I did both. I would do multiple bobs on just his cockhead making sure that my lips gave plenty of friction to his ridge. I would also take his cock all the way in feeling the head squeeze in and out of my gullet. 

James and I both looked over when we heard Maria yelling, "That's it girl." "Suck hard!" "I'm going to cum all over your pretty face!" Together the girls started convulsing and I knew that we were witnesses to a very special moment. When Maria climbed off of Sandy her hair was all sticky and plastered to the sides of her head!

As the girls were calming down, James removed his head from my cock and said, "I'm sorry that I couldn't clean your load before." "I was snowballed once before and almost puked from the taste." "I just can't bring myself to trying it again." 

I told him, "I don't mind." "I will be able to enjoy twice the amount!" He asked if I really enjoyed eating cum? When I replied that I loved it he smiled and said, "Well let's get started on making you another load!"

By now the girls were just laying on the bed hugging and tenderly petting each other. It was now that James told me his plan. He wanted to fuck Sandy doggy style while I lay on my back with my face under her pussy so that I could get his load immediately after his release. I readily agreed and we told the plan to the girls.

They were all for it with one improvement. Maria didn't want to be left out of the action so she proposed riding my unused dick at the same time! I was in love with the plan and we quickly engineered ourselves into the correct positions. At first I just looked at James's dick sliding in and out of Sandy's pussy. It was a sight to behold how the lips would stick onto the shaft and be pulled way down before snapping back into place. Then on the in stroke they would be squashed upward so the whole process could begin anew. I could now understand why the cunt lips always looked so abused after a good pounding. At the same time I appreciated the glistening of James's cock on every outstroke. 

Maria was riding away on my shaft like a wild woman. I was in no danger of cumming though because I was so occupied with all that was happening right above my face! James's balls kept swinging back and forth and hitting me in the face. I grabbed a pillow and stuffed it behind my head so that I could get at those nice balls without straining my neck. I got one of them in my mouth and closed my lips around it sucking it in. I could feel it almost being pulled out every time James thrust! James loved it and after a minute I grabbed his other nut in my mouth. I swabbed it all over with my tongue but it popped out on a really vigorous thrust. 

I looked up and could see white froth on Sandy's cunt lips. I raised my head and licked it up! I really missed James's nuts so I raised my head and with the help of my hand was able to get both of them into my mouth! I sucked on them and kept them trapped behind my partially closed teeth so that they could not get away. This probably restricted James's thrusts some for he went deep inside Sandy and just ground around a little without the big out strokes. I was content to be sucking his nuts while Maria was vigorously riding away. In addition to all of this visual stimulation, the smell coming from this pounding that was so close to my face, was making me high!

Sandy started shaking hard when she came. This must have put James over the edge because he grunted and pushed really hard almost ripping his ball out of my mouth. I am sure that this pulling of his nuts contributed to the huge orgasm that he had. He pulled out of Sandy and kept repeating, "Damn, that was good!" I had planted my wide open mouth on Sandy's gaping, open pussy and just sucked and munched for all I was worth. The gooey mix of their fuck juices quickly flooded my mouth and I savored my reward. 

James had been tapping on Sandy's shoulder to show that he wanted in on the action too. When I smacked my lips in contentment she got off my face. I was very happy when James climbed over my face and fed me his very slimy, shrinking cock. I cleaned it off lovingly and continued to suck on it but he pulled out saying that it was too sensitive.

All I had left now was Maria riding away on my cock. Since everyone had gotten off of my face Maria laid down and we started making out in addition to fucking. I now had access to her ass cheeks so I grabbed them and fondled them firmly while spreading them apart. Boy they felt good. 

I was mashed between the mattress and Maria's pleasingly plump body. Her tits and stomach pressed into me and I felt so secure and sheltered from the world. 

Meanwhile James had put his hand behind her and was rubbing up and down her parted cheeks. I felt his hand enter her pussy alongside my dick and then I could feel it as he inserted it into her ass. This drove Maria wild and she started grinding down into me much harder. I was in sensory overload and pumped my second load into her swampy snatch. Maria now clenched her legs and ass cheeks together with an astounding force and came. She was not quiet about it either! 

Maria laid on me, luxuriously smothering me for a couple of minutes before asking James, "Do you want to try and redeem your earlier short coming?" 

He replied, "I would rather not." 

With that she jumped up and planted her crotch right on my mouth. I did not say anything but I was very pleased that James had a problem ingesting cum! Once again I performed the pleasurable task of cleaning a well fucked cunt! There was not a huge amount of cream to clean this time but the odor was so heady! I did manage to get some nice globs savoring their taste and stickiness for as long as I could before swallowing them down. 

Meanwhile Sandy had engulfed my dick cleaning me thoroughly. I was disappointed that I would not be able to scrape the slime off and enjoy it myself. However I was proud of her for doing it because she had never cleaned my dick after fucking before. Meanwhile I had moved up to Maria's asshole which had some taste of her juice on it from James's fingering. I told her that next time I wanted to pay more homage to her deserving ass. 

Maria sighed contentedly and said, "You bet, sweetheart!" as she got off my face. 

Sandy climbed on top of me and gave me a deep kiss. She said, "I had a wonderful time and want a repeat just as soon as we can all meet up again!" 

We all agreed. I now suggested that James and Maria shower before going home. I told them they were welcome to more drinks but they were already headed to the shower. Sandy and I laid on the bed holding each other and I knew that I was a lucky man!

To be continued . . .