 Last week when I took Amy, our 18 year old babysitter, home my husband discovered that his pile of skin magazines out of order and the comforter on our bed was disheveled. It didn't take long to figure out why they were like that. He was sitting at the computer looking at security cameras when I got home.

"What are you doing?"

"Amy was looking through my porn and I think she played with herself on our bed," he answered. "I'm going to catch her next time."

"Bob! You can't do that!"

"You say that like you don't want to see her fingers pumping in and out of her pussy," he replied. "I'm rock hard thinking about it and I need to fuck you where she was masturbating right now before I ruin these dress pants."

He was right, of course. I'd thought about it more than once, especially during the summer with those nearly non-existent bikinis she wore. I quickly undressed and laid down where he indicated and spread my legs wide for him. 

Bob slid between them and drove his cock deep inside me with ease, knowing I would be wet enough. He fucked me hard and fast. I hadn't seen him like this in years and was more than happy to see him so fired up. It had been far too long since he'd fucked me like this.

"If we catch her on camera I promise you we will have her in our bed. I can't wait to fuck you from behind while you go down on her young pussy," he whispered between nibbles on my neck. I got wetter and tightened my pussy around his cock. I knew it wasn't going to be long before we both exploded.

Bob bit my neck hard and sucked on it. I gasped then moaned loudly as I started to cum. My pussy milked his cock and he couldn't hold back any longer. "Oh god baby!" he cried out as he filled me with his spunk.

"So should I order that security camera?" he asked as we cuddled.

"Definitely."

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

"Have a good time," I said as I kissed my daughter good bye. "Our cell phone numbers are on the fridge Amy. She should be in bed by 9, and we should be home by 11:30."

"Sure thing," Amy replied then led our kid into the family room. We closed the door and hurried to the car. Bob had already put the laptop in the car so we could watch the camera remotely. I drove to the hotel and we checked in.

While Bob set up the laptop and connected to the security camera I set up the picnic dinner and undressed. "All set," he said then stripped down. Bob pulled me onto the bed. 

"I'm so turned on. Let's have a quickie then eat. There's more than an hour before the kid goes to bed."

I replied by taking his cock into my mouth. I lightly massaged his balls as I let him fuck my mouth. "Your mouth is so wonderful but I need your tight ass."

I got on my hands and knees facing the laptop. He scooped out some of my pussy juices and coated his cock with them. Bob pressed the tip against my ass hole and slowly pushed his thick rod into me.

"Oh yes! So fucking tight and good," he moaned as he pumped in and out of me, massaging my ass. My breasts swayed with each thrust, the nipples brushing against the cool fabric.

"Babe, I'm going to cum," he gasped.

"Fuck me," I replied. He gripped my hips and fucked me harder and faster. I rubbed my clit fast.

Just then Amy came into view. She must have been looking for our daughter. Bob paused as we watched to see if she'd see the new skin magazine we'd left partially covered by a pillow. She pulled it out and quickly glanced through it with a big smile on her face.

"Score!" Bob drove deep into my ass and came hard. He continued to fuck me until I peaked a moment later.

When we recovered Bob cleaned up and I served the food. We ate dinner as we waited for Amy to return. It wasn't long after 9 when Amy appeared on the laptop screen again. She sat on the edge of the bed and pulled out the magazine. 

As she flipped through the pages she massaged her breasts through her shirt. I had started to get wet as soon as I saw her, Bob was already rock hard. I caressed his cock as we watched our babysitter undress then lay back on the bed, resting her head on Bob's pillow as she read the stories and leisurely rubbed her clit.

"Her body is amazing," Bob whispered. "You are going to enjoy her."

"Yes, I am," I replied, wrapping my fingers around the shaft and moving my hand up and down with the same rhythm as Amy's fingers on her clit. Bob suckled my breast as his fingers massaged my clit, his eyes never leaving the screen.

We could see her breathing quicken suddenly and her fingers moving faster on her clit. "She's going to cum," I whispered. "Should we cum with her or wait until she's done?"

"Wait," was all Bob said. His attention was fully on the laptop screen as we waited for her to cum. We watched her buck her hips and dip her fingers into her pussy to fuck herself. The look on her face when she finally peaked was so innocent and amazing.

We laid there and watched as she recovered, our breathing labored from our excitement. Wordlessly Bob rolled on top of me and pinned me to the bed. I could feel his cock oozing precum all over my stomach as he just looked down at me.

"Tell me you want her," he said.

"I want her," I answered. "I want to eat her out while you fuck me and feel her young pussy lips tremble as she cums."

"Oh god," he whimpered as he slid his body down and used his cock to rub against my clit.

"Then, darling, I want to fuck her with my big strap-on as she sucks you off ... not letting her cum until you've coated her throat with your thick salty jizz."

"Yea, baby, that would be so amazing," Bob replied as he guided the tip of his cock to the entrance of my pussy. He thrusted his hips forward and drove as deep as he could into me.

"Oh god! Yes!" I moaned. He slowly moved in and out going deep as he could with each thrust. I gasped in surprise when he bottomed out.

I reached up and guided his head to my breasts. He covered them with kisses before sucking a nipple between his lips. I moaned my approval, running my fingers through his hair.

"I bet her breasts are amazing to touch," I whispered. "So soft and firm and young. And her nipples are huge."

Bob moaned and sucked harder on my nipples as he started to fuck me faster. I lifted my hips to meet his thrusts then slipped my hand between us to rub my clit. Bob kissed his way to my neck, kissing and lightly biting it.

"I'm going to cum," I told him. I could feel him smile against my neck then he bit it hard and sucked on the skin. "Oh fuck, yes!" I rubbed my clit faster as I started to orgasm, trying to prolong it as long as possible. Bob kissed me hard as he drove deep into me and filled my pussy with his hot cum. He held it there as my still throbbing pussy milked him dry. When he finished he fell against me.

"That was fucking amazing," he said as he tried to catch his breath. "I can't wait to get home and fuck you again where she got off while we watch the tape."

"Mmm ... let's clean up and get home!" I replied. I slipped out of bed and headed to the shower. Bob took his shower as I dried my hair and got dressed.

When we got home we could barely hide our knowing grins as I paid Amy. We watched her walk down the path to her dad's car and drive off. We ran upstairs and tore off our clothes. I laid right where Amy had gotten off while Bob got the tape.

He turned it on and fast forwarded to the bit we were interested in while I sucked on his cock. When he hit play he pulled his cock and motioned for me to get on my hands and knees facing the TV. Bob slid his cock into my pussy and fucked me hard and fast as we watched Amy do her thing again. Neither of us made it to the end before we exploded again.

"Let's call her tomorrow and invite her over," I suggested. "The minion is due for a sleepover at Grandma's."

"Sounds good," Bob said as he pulled me close and kissed me.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

"Thanks for coming over Amy," Bob said once we were sat in the living room. "There is something we need to discuss with you."

Amy got a worried look on her face.

"Don't worry, we're not firing you," I said with a laugh.

"Whew! I love working for you."

"Yes, we've discovered that," Bob said. "It seems you've found a perk we hadn't thought of."

"Huh?" Amy looked really confused.

"Perhaps we should just show you the video we took last night," I suggested and hit the play button. The screen was filled with the image of Amy finger fucking herself as she read the skin magazine. Amy blushed a deep red.

"I ... I ..." she started to explain but didn't know what to say to defend herself. "How did you find out?"

"Bob saw his magazines were out of order and the comforter was disheveled the other day," I explained. "It didn't take much to put the two things together. Then we got the camera and had you babysit again. You didn't disappoint us."

"I ... Please don't tell my parents!" Amy begged.

"It is normal for a young woman to want to touch herself. And you look so wonderful doing it," I said as I sat down next to her and took her hand. "And we won't tell your parents ... as long as you do something for us."

"What?"

"You become our lover," Bob answered.

"I ... I can't ..."

"Then should I call your father and have him come over to see what you've been doing in our bed?"

"No... he would kill me!"

"We'll give you a moment to think about your options," Bob replied and we stepped out of the living room. The video of Amy masturbating was still playing and Amy was staring at it, a deer in the headlights look on her face.

"Have you decided?" I asked when we went back into the room.

"I'll do it," she whispered.

"A wise decision," Bob replied. I sat down next to her and hugged her then softly kissed her lips. She was caught off guard but soon started to return the kiss. Bob sat down on the other side of her and caressed us as we kissed.

"Let's go to the bedroom," I suggested and we quickly made our way upstairs.

Bob and I sat on the edge of the bed with Amy standing in front of us. "Please undress slowly for us," Bob directed. Amy blushed as she started to take off her shirt. We moaned when her body was fully revealed to us.

"Oh god, you're amazing," I whimpered. I stood up and ran my fingers over her body. I massaged her ass with one hand as my other hand cupped a breast. "I need to taste you."

I kneeled before her and parted her legs before leaning forward and kissing her soft furry mound. She gasped as my tongue slipped between her lower lips and found her clit. She had a little clit that got quite hard when my tongue found it and I licked and sucked on it for several minutes.

At some point Bob undressed and stood behind Amy. He kissed her neck as he played with her breasts, his hard cock pressed against her ass crack. He reached down and moved his cock so it rested against her mound so I could lick her and him at the same time.

"Why don't you get undressed Nan while I taste her for a moment?" Bob suggested. I stood up and he took my place between Amy's legs. I quickly removed my clothes and stood next to them. I kissed Amy so she could taste herself then devoted my attention to her breasts. Bob licked her clit for a moment then slipped his tongue into her pussy.

"She's a virgin," he announced. Amy blushed a deeper red.

"Don't worry," I whispered to her. "Bob isn't going to fuck you. But I would like to fuck you with my strap-on. Would you like that?"

Amy was in sensory overload and could only nod her head. I kissed her again, my tongue finding its way into her mouth.

"I need to fuck you," Bob said to me as he stood up.

"Amy, lay down with your legs spread and your head towards the bottom of the bed," I directed. When she was in position I got on my hands and knees between her legs and started to lick her pussy again. Bob watched for a moment then got on the bed behind me.

My pussy was soaked so he was able to easily slide his cock into me. He slowly fucked me as he watched me eat Amy. He leaned over me and played with her breasts with one hand and with my breasts with his other hand.

Amy bucked her hips against my mouth as she neared her orgasm. I smiled as she came but didn't stop eating her. She begged me to stop until her second orgasm hit her. Bob couldn't hold back anymore and fucked me faster. He reached around my waist and started to rub my clit.

We exploded at the same time. I rested my head on Amy's stomach as Bob sat on the bed next to us. He slid two fingers inside me and scooped out the mix of my juices and his cum then offered it to Amy. She looked at us both and swallowed hard before sticking her tongue out to taste it. She made a face then licked his fingers clean.

"A curious one, huh?" Bob asked with a laugh. Amy blushed and looked away.

"It is good," I assured her and kissed her softly. We laid on the bed, snuggling and kissing as we recovered.

"You're hard again," Amy gasped in surprise when she realized that Bob was aroused again.

"It doesn't take long when I have to wonderful women in bed with me," he replied. "Have you ever sucked a cock?"

"A few times ... but they were a lot smaller than you!" she exclaimed.

"They were boys," I replied. "Get on your hands and knees and move to the edge of the bed."

Amy followed my directions and Bob stood at the edge of the bed near her mouth. "Show me what you know how to do," he suggested. She looked up at him then at his cock. He moaned loudly when she licked the tip.

While Amy attended to Bob's cock I opened the closet and pulled out a box. I unlocked it then rummaged around for my strap-on and the smaller cock. Amy would get to experience the bigger ones later when she was more experienced. I slipped it on then stood next to Bob.

"Suck my cock too," I said. Amy looked up in surprise. She turned and sucked on the cock I was wearing. "This cock is going to be buried in your pussy in a minute."

"Oh god ... I'm not sure I'm ready," she said.

I reached under her and slipped my fingers into her pussy. She was soaked. "You're more than ready enough."

I licked my fingers clean then moved on the bed behind her as she started bobbing her head on his cock again. "You might want to stop sucking for a moment while I fill you. I don't want you biting Bob when I pop your cherry."

She let his cock slip from between her lips and watched his fingers wrap around the shaft. He caressed her face with his other hand. "This is going to hurt a little but only for a second or two," he warned.

Amy closed her eyes as I rubbed the tip in juices at the entrance. I guided the toy into the tight hole, slowly moving just the tip in and out. Amy moaned softly and I pushed it in further. When I bumped against her hymen I pulled out then more forcefully filled her, pushing past it.

"OH fuck!" she cried out. "Stop ... please!"

I let her pussy get used to the dildo in her pussy as I reached around her and rubbed her clit. When she started to relax I slowly moved the toy inside her a little, waiting for her to push back against me to get more of it. I didn't have to wait long.

I moved in and out faster with long strokes and Bob guided her mouth back to his cock. She nearly deep throated him when I shoved the toy completely in her, forcing her forward. Amy gagged slightly but didn't pull away. 

I could feel her body tensing as she neared her orgasm. "No orgasm for you until you swallow all of Bob's cum."

Amy whimpered and I pulled my hand away from her clit and fucked her with only the tip. "If you want to cum you'll get Bob off with your mouth."

She renewed her efforts on Bob's cock. He wrapped his fingers in her hair and held her head still as he started to fuck her mouth. She tried to pull back when he shoved his cock down her throat but he held her in place. He loved her resistance and let her pull away slightly before shoving his cock down her throat one more time and he dumped his load.

I held onto her hips and fucked her hard and deep. She whimpered as she tried to swallow all of his cum as I pounded her. I found her clit again and rubbed my fingers quickly over it. "Cum for me Amy," I told her.

Amy pressed back against me with each thrust and I could feel her body shaking as she started to cum. I let the cock rest deep inside her so her muscles could milk it. When she was done Bob slid his cock out of her mouth and I slowly pulled the toy out.

We curled up on the bed and snuggled like that for several minutes, not saying anything.

"Would you like to do this again?" I asked.

"Definitely!"