 Picture this. Your looking out at an endless ocean that is relatively calm in its demeanor. On the surface of this ocean, for as far as the eye can see and infinitely farther, are bubbles. You don't know it but your looking at the multiverse.

What's the multiverse?

Well, in layman's terms, lets say each bubble on that ocean is a reality with it's own universe and rules possibly similar or vastly different to our own. Imagine an alternate reality composed of pure, untapped energy. Imagine another of pure thought. It's confusing I know but now imagine each one being slightly different from ours... and you now are seeing my interest.

What about a reality where everything is the same... except for me; I'm someone vastly different... or strangely familiar.

Science says it's possible and right now... according to the philosophical concepts of of David Lewis... I give you a trip into one very real bubble... that shows you what could have been... and what may be happening somewhere right now...

It's six in the morning and I'm just waking up. 

I look to my left and I see a beautiful, full, round ass staring at me; that's Melody, my girlfriend. She's thirty two and I've been dating her for fourteen years now... we met in a grocery store of all places, at the deli counter. She's about five one, one hundred and twenty five pounds, with dirty blond hair and light blond highlights. She's hourglass in her shape with large C-cup size breasts, which had gained in size from B's after Mason was on the way. Mason is our little boy who's six years old and loves cars, camping and torturing his sister.

Looking to my right I see the tanned shoulder of a small blond; that's Nikki... my wife. Nikki and I are thirty six. I've been married to Nikki since we were twenty one, one year before Melody came into our lives and we have a little girl, named Domino, who's also six. 

Domino? I know it's a strippers name, trust me... everyone informs me of that but as you can tell, we're a bit "non-traditional" in our house. W can afford to be though... were musicians.

That's putting it lightly though... were major recording artists. Our careers picked when we were twenty two, we haven't slowed down since. Instead of a lot of normalcy, we have... distractions... to keep us entertained.

It's eight in the morning and I just finished my first set of laps in the pool; I do an hour and a half of weights in the morning and three sets of fifteen laps in the pool. It's starting to hurt but I have to keep going... you can't get by on talent alone anymore. You need to look the part as well...

I'm working on an egg white omelette at nine in the morning and my wife just sat down next to me; she's wearing the silk robe I bought her in Dubai last month... She looks great in it.

What does she look like? Glad you asked...

She's about five two, one hundred and ten pounds and slender... sleeker than Melody and small B-cups but toned beautifully. Her hair is naturally a blond but she's had platinum highlights through it for as long as I can remember. You know what you'd notice first on her though?

Her legs... it's as if they're cut from marble all the way up to her taunt little ass. She works out for three hours a day, focusing on endurance, agility and toning; she's a popstar... and more appropriately, she's does dance music. I've written every song for her for the past fourteen years and due to that, she's collected enough Grammy's to give me a run for my money. She dances, and shakes that toned little butt, singing with amazing dulcet tones that have garnered her the attention of the music community for the past ten years. Not just her though... the whole band has been a sought after commodity that we carefully dole out depending upon the offer and money. We did the last Superbowl half-time show, beating out The Black Eyed Peas for the contract.

Nikki see's me looking at her legs and she smirks, crossing them tight and bouncing her pretty knee... God I want her...

Melody just came down in her familiar long t-shirt and gives me a hug; I give her a playful tap on the butt and she murmurs her approval. Melody fixes me with those big doe eyes and thick dark lashes before giving me a wink and scoops up the Rice Krispies. Melody is... our home maker is fair to say. Nikki is business up front while Melody makes us a family in the truest sense, carrying that mom sensibility to each of our days; without her, we'd be in the Enquirer every other week. She likes to be home and takes good care of everything here, organizing our family functions, staff and home requirements. We would be lost without her.

She bends down to get a bowl and the shirt rides up giving me a peek at her cute round butt and white panties... I love my life...

It's ten in the morning and the kids are by the pool; Melody has switched into a small bikini and sits out with them as they splash in the kids pool. There's not too many days that it's this warm in Northern Maine this early in the summer, so they're taking advantage. Nikki comes down into the kitchen as I work on lyrics for a new song and moves past me to the fridge. She turns with a bottle of water in hand and opens her long sleeved shirt, flashing me a tiny bikini she's wearing made of shells, "You like?"

I move to her and eye the kids outside through the tinted glass, catching her by the hips, "Turn for me."

She does a slow rotation and I stop her has she puts her back to me, "Whats this?"

"What," she asks nervously, "I paid a lot for this-," but she's cut off as I tug the sides of the bottoms down.

She leans back against me and wraps her arm up and around my neck, "You are impossible...," she purrs as her tiny bottoms drop to the floor and I reach around her, palming her closely trimmed sex.

"Bend over," I whisper, putting pressure between her shoulder blades and she chuckles as she concedes. Looking back at me, she gives me that familiar smirk, "You better make it quick before one of the little ones wants a drink..."

She lets out a low moan as my middle finger slips between her labia minora and my pants drop to my ankles. I slide my finger in and out slowly as she leans on the counter and she kicks her legs wide, looking back at me with need, "Hurry... you know I want to...". As I enter her from behind, I tug loose the chain that holds her top on and she moans at my intrusion...

It's noon time and Nikki is starting her work out; I've grabbed my pad and headed in after swimming with the kids for an hour. Dieter, my long time friend and family head of security, is watching the kids while Melody is washing up. I'm sitting on the bed watching her shower.

She has a full little frame, built for sex. She's also got an amazing personality and didn't cringe away when Nikki and I realized that we both had feelings for her... and she us. She took everything in stride and went with the flow, which proved to be with us and she never looked back.

"What ya doin'," she asks in her high pitched tone, taking me out of my stupor as she towels off before me. I smile up at her, "Just watching you, sexy lady." She grins that crooked smile and sits down next to me, "You know I love you right?" 

It's a little game we play where we go back and forth telling each other how much more we love each other but I don't feel like playing...

I move forward and kiss her and she kisses me back. She growls playfully as my hands run over her still damp skin and she reaches down, giving my rapidly growing member a squeeze.

As I pull her over me, she breaks off the kiss and whispers, "Nikki's going to feel left out...".

I chuckle, "Well, she left you out after breakfast...".

She gives a mock frown and works her way down me, tugging my pants as she goes, "Well, all's fair then...".

As I feel her hot mouth encase my swollen member, I sigh in pleasure and run my hands through her hair gently...

It's four in the afternoon and our guests have arrived, We'll be going on tour in six month's and Melody is trying to secure family and friend time up until then. My friends encompass everyone from the guy down at the bait shop in town to the man I'm standing next to right now... Gene Simmons. He's dressed in khaki shorts, sandals and a white polo shirt, a far cry from the suit he likes to sport around premiere's and reality shows.

It's just another costume though and I understood that, which I think is why we hit it off. To me, he'll always be Chaim Witz and he'll forever be trying to sell me on a business opportunity; I can count on him though and that's what matters. If he tells me he's going to be somewhere or can give me something, he sure as shit will and I respect that.

I just have to put up with the sales pitch until I get a few more drinks in him.

Shannon and Marc are talking to Melody by the pool; Shannon's awesome and has an unattainable sexuality to her... of course I did attain it. Once. It was weird after that and we agreed to not go down that route again... well, she did anyway. She eye's me up and down and I give her a smirk; she raises an eyebrow suggestively and I wonder how in agreement she still is.

Marc fucking annoys me... he hit on me once in an elevator and it pissed me off. I doubt he told his wife about it; get out of the closet already you little creep. He looks over, nods and I pierce a hot dog on the grill and wave it at him. I don't think he got it.

Jennifer and Nikki are talking about the new album and American Idol... two topics that should never be in the same conversation. They met at the Grammy's a few years back and shared a history of dance, dance music and style... now they talk once a week on the phone, go over dance routines together and somehow we've now imported two Puerto Ricans to the wilds of Maine for a summer visit.

I like Jenn though... not the way your thinking, believe it or not. Jennifer is all business with everyone EXCEPT Marc... which is very similar to Nikki. I guess it's one of those things where you need to be that second part of a great team to know how good it is. She's good with business but Christ, she is a cold fish.,, and people have said the same about Nikki.

Nick isn't here but little Sophie is; although little Sophie isn't so little anymore. She's nineteen now and playing with Mason and Domino in the yard in a short, red pleated skirt and a low cut halterneck top. Somehow... the girl has turned out as hot, if not hotter than her mother. She's incredibly hung up on her birth mark and granted it's in a bad spot(her left cheek) but the girl was built like a Playboy playmate when she was sixteen; with three more years on her, she's dropping the baby fat and thinning out.

She see's me watching her and bites her bottom lip, wondering if maybe... just maybe my look means more...

I use to play Marco Polo with her ten years ago and she had a crush on me then... this is getting awkward... because I AM looking at her in a different way. She looks positively delicious, naive and... ready. I wave my tongs at her and grin and she flushes, chasing Domino and her brother down the hill and away...

It's nine at night and through the trees I can hear Gene singing an old Yiddish song his grandmother use to sing to him as he makes his way with Shannon back to their small cabin; I own three hundred acres up here and when I set up trails, I put in small, ecofriendly modular homes along the paths. Jennifer and Marc "the Closet Case" headed out at eight and no doubt are suffering the singing far worse than I, being in the house next to Gene's.

I'm doing laps and surface after my second set to find little pink toes dangling in the water in front of me; Sophie is attached to them and smiles that full lipped smile I have grown so fond of, "Hi."

I wipe the water off my face, out of my hair and smile back, standing up and moving towards her, "Hi yourself Shortie." I have always called her Shortie and it usually bugged her, instigating a hit to the shoulder but this time she surprised me; she frowned.

"You do know I'm not a kid anymore," she said, slipping forward so her calves dipped into the water, "So nicknames need to go I think." She fixed me evenly and smiled, tilting her head slightly, her hair falling over her cheek again.

I put my hands on either side of her legs and and leaned in, fixing her with my dangerous smile, "Is this where you start calling me Eric? Should I start calling you Sophia?"

She blushed and dipped her head,eying me up from under her hair, "I am older now...".

I chuckled and nodded, "It might come as a surprise to you but I have noticed Sophi...a."

She kicked water at me and I caught her feet, tickling them until she sputtered out a child-like laugh. I shushed her and she quieted, leaning forward when I spoke, "I have a wife and a girlfriend who might wonder why I'm out here with a hot little chick, laughing in the dark."

She blushed but left her feet in my hands, "So you think I'm hot?"

I rolled her foot in my hand and slowly brought it up to my mouth, blowing on her toes, "Sophie... I couldn't take my eyes off you today... that's how beautiful you are." I brought her foot to my mouth and kissed the top of it, watching her eyes the whole time. She was tense and nervous, trying to hide it, unsure of what was happening next and let out a sigh when my lips touched her foot.

"So what now Sophie," I asked, lowering her feet to the water and stepping closer, nudging between her knees as I reached the edge of the pool. I stopped and waited for her to make the next move... anything. Her neck tensed and her breathing picked up as the silence stretched between us and she licked her lips; poor little thing... she didn't know where to go next. I looked at her again, watching her eyes, "Sophie, can I ask you a question?"

"Mmmhmmm," she said nervously.

"Would you like me to kiss you," I asked quietly.

She swallowed and nodded slowly, cocking a nervous smile, "Yes. If you don't mind."

I moved in closer and ran my hands up her thighs, causing her to inhale sharply; she was so ready but jumpy. I pushed the hair out of her left eye and she turned away slightly, ever aware of her birthmark. I caught her by the chin and turned her head back to me so our eyes met, "Don't look away... your so beautiful...". 

I brushed her cheek with my thumb and her eyes closed slightly in anticipation; my mouth met hers with her upper lip over mine in a decidedly innocent first kiss. I didn't want to push her so I let her explore at her own pace and explore she did. A few seconds later I felt her kiss deepen as her tongue parted my lips and in youthful exuberance her arm reached up, hooking around my neck as she pulled herself against me hard. My hands touched her sides and she jumped but I stayed the course, gently kneading her side and pushing her back, "Hold on honey...".

"I'm sorry," she whispered, dipping her head down and away from me, "I just- I just wanted to-".

"Join me in the water," I said, cutting her off with a reassuring smile. Her nervousness broke and she gave a sigh, realizing she wasn't being rejected but instead brought closer. She smiled at me and shook her head, "I have no suit-". My hands ran along her sides and she trembled slightly but didn't pull back as I offered, "You do wear panties and a bra, right?"

She blushed and covered her face for a second, "Yesssss... but...".

"Come on...," I said mockingly, "...unless your afraid?"

Ahhh, young pride; her jaw set and she eyed me, raising her chin proudly and grabbed both sides of her top, tugging it over her head in one swift move. She had on a white bra and sported what appeared to be large D sized breasts that no doubt bore a close resemblance to her mothers. She got to her feet and unsnapped her skirt, dropping it to the ground to reveal a matching white thong, much to my surprise.

I looked up at her and for a second this was wrong... she was the shy little girl I use to play in this same pool with a few years ago. Then the rockstar in me see's past the daddy's little girl and mommy's hopes and dreams...

This woman is one hundred and thirty pounds of willing and wanton sexual tension. I need to be inside her.

She sits down and lowers herself into the water, gritting her teeth to the initial chill. I see her nipples harden at the cold and I move towards her and she reaches for me. Her arms encircle my neck and my hands clasp her sides, running up her tender frame.

"Kiss me," she whispers, shrugging a bra shoulder strap loose, her breathing picking up. I fix her strap and nuzzle her ear as I pull her against me, "Take it slow baby... there's no rush...". I pull back and gently kiss her and it feels good...

It's eleven at night and I'm in boxer briefs. Melody is lying next to Nikki and I and snoring that womanly snore that beautiful women are so prone to having; like a sighing wind on a warm summers night. Nikki is sitting across from me in just that same silken robe from this morning. Her hairs pulled back in a short ponytail and she's wearing her reading glasses, perched dangerously on the tip of her nose. She's reading through my lyrics, mouthing the words while rubbing a custom lotion on her legs. She'd given a half chuckle and coo when I related the story about Sophie to her; she liked Sophie, a lot and thought it was sweet.

Christ! I didn't tell you... no, we didn't go all the way in the pool. Second base though and not to take a shot at Melody but... Sophies tits are some of the best I've ever felt. She tried to jack me off but I get weird about that in my pool so we made out some more and called it a night. We agreed to meet up when our tour hits California and if she feels the same way then... well, there won't be anything in the way then.

The girls and I don't have an "open" relationship per se... it's more a relationship with certain... "accommodations" made for me. I'm highly sexual and the girls know that... there are days where I've made love to both of them in excess of three or four times each. In the normal world I have been described as a "sex addict" but in our little contained environment in Northern Maine... I'm just dad. The girls know I need my "medicine" and they make sure I get it. If they don't give it to me, they know I get frustrated, moody and confrontational in every other area so in the rare occasion that I'm away from them, I am given a certain "leeway" in my activities as long as I'm safe, responsible and tell them about it.

Heck at certain times, when the stars are just right, the girls and I have shared a girl in celebration. I mean, it's certainly not one way... when I'm not around, the girls sleep in the same bed and have needs also and as long as it's them together I'm fine with that. So I'm not a selfish prick... except when it comes to Nikki... she was my first love and I wouldn't want to risk losing that by giving her a pass outside our threeway relationship. If she chose to leave that's fine but I'm not going to suggest she try out new penis. I just won't and because of that and the girls significantly lower sexual requirements, we tend to keep it focused on the three of us. 

But Nikki and I were first, even though she joined the band last. She and I are like one piece and in the quiet moments, when it's just us, I tell her that. It's one of those moments right now.

She smiles that endearing smile and dips her head, like my honesty hurts her. She takes my hand and leans in, her lips touching mine softly. She shrugs off her robe and it falls away revealing that body that two thirds of the world would pay millions to see and it's all mine. She hooks her arm around my neck and pulls me over her, her kiss deepening, her legs spreading wide. She tugs at my briefs and finds me hard and ready, her hands eager to have me.

I feel her legs pull up and tuck under my arms, in preparation for for my intrusion again; she pulls out of our kiss and whispers, "I am so ready for you... I've wanted you all night long...". 
