 Chapter Three: A BABY'S ON THE "WEI."

In Chapter Two, our twentysomething-thirtysomething trio shares lust, common passions, and a few tears. Daniela, a slim Sicilian nurse with an ass the likes of Shakira, gives her anal cherry to Alex, a Scottish-Mohawk paramedic. It happens with a little help and observation by his girlfriend Alicia, a voluptuous Latina-Indian and fellow nurse in the same ER as Daniela. It is revealed that Alicia and Daniela have been more than friends. Alex's rough but controlled role play with Daniela brings out not only the freaky side of her, but her love for both Alex and Alicia. Rather than damage the three's friendship, it makes it stronger and crosses the line into romance.

------

After I took Daniela's anal virginity, she and I interacted more intimately when we would encounter each other at work. Alicia, Daniela and I tried to arrange our shifts to match. Our schedules didn't sync up all the time. Occasionally, one would be working while the other two were off. Some nights I spent with Daniela at her place. Others she would crash with Alicia & my place when I had to work. I'll tell you, there's nothing more enticing than coming home after work and finding two incredibly hot, curvy women in your bed. Or joining you in the shower. It didn't happen that often, but when we found ourselves at someone's home together, we would certainly take advantage of three-way opportunities to lick, suck, feel, finger, and fuck each other.

While Alicia and I didn't make overt public displays of affection, we didn't hide our feelings either. It was well known by now that she and I were an item. With Daniela, outward appearances suggested we had become closer friends. Our gestures towards each other were more subtle. A glance here, twinkle in our eye there. Something mentioned quietly, under our breaths. She was particularly adept at this. On more than one occasion, she'd utter a whisper designed to frustrate and arouse me. Something to the effect of "I'm dripping right now, thinking of how you tied me up the other night," or "my ass feels so empty without your cock inside it," or "Alicia forced me to eat her Latina pussy on our break."

At times our fingers would brush while both attending to a patient. These contacts appeared accidental or merely impossible to avoid. Inside, however, we knew them to be quite intentional and electrifying. When our bodies would brush against each other when passing through a narrow space, such as between two stretchers, she would turn her back to me to allow me to pass, and usually bend over a bit. This would cause her gorgeous ass to stick out just slightly, not even noticeably to the naked eye, but just enough so my thighs would be forced to slide against it. Which always resulted in me fighting to contain an erection.

These moments were not lost on Alicia either. She knew exactly what was happening, and she told me it brought out an inward smile (if not an outward one). Her affections towards Daniela had all the appearances of two best friends. Woman can be physically affectionate in ways that two men could not get away with. They certainly took advantage of that, and I would notice or hear frustrated tales from one or the other about tweaked nipples, asses grabbed, and thighs stroked. On more than one occasion, they would sneak into the nurses lounge, attacking each other with passionate embraces, tongues probing mouths, hands cupping and squeezing breasts.

One day, Daniela had worked me up to the point where I could not take it anymore. I stood next to her at the medical supply closet, both of us selecting bags of saline and oxygen masks to restock our areas (hers the trauma code room, mine my drug supply box.

In a firm but low voice, I said, "Fast Track, pet. NOW." With that, I turned and walked out of the ER.

This caused her to literally pause and I heard a sharp but quiet uptake of air. She knew what it meant. Daniela's submissive streak had not been lost on Alicia and I. The relationship between the three of us evolved into a loving bond, Daniela frequently and organically assuming a subservient role sexually, Alicia and I lovingly serving as her Master and Mistress in the bedroom. Or kitchen. Or bathroom. Car. Movie theatre. Basically, wherever the moment struck us. Calling her pet meant at least for the moment, I was her Master and she was to do my bidding.

Daniela took the items in her hand and walked out of the main emergency room, down the hall, and through a set of double doors into the Fast Track treatment area. This separate suite of rooms is where simple conditions (cuts, sprains, broken wrists, minor burns, etc.) are treated. Luckily for us, I knew that the area was closed between 11pm and 8am, with all patients being routed to the main ER.

The suite was dark, dimly illuminated by a narrow shaft of light through the thin windows in the doors to the main hallway. Much like our first night together, I was waiting in the shadows for her. She passed me and I reached out and grabbed her, one hand around her waist the other covering her mouth. A muffled cry escaped her, dropping her supplies as I whirled and spun us around into one of the treatment rooms, letting the door close behind us. I pinned her against the door, much as I did our first night. Sliding my hand down from her mouth onto her neck, gently but firmly wrapped around it, I growled in her ear from behind her.

"Does this feel familiar, slut?"

"Y-y-yes. Unnnggghh!"

She groaned uncontrollably as I ground my thighs against her luscious ass, my erection obviously felt in the valley between her rounded cheeks.

"WHAT did you say?" I sternly asked.

"Y-y-yes, Sir."

"This is what you get for all of that teasing. You are a horny girl, aren't you?"

"Yes Sir, I am." Her breathing deepened and quickened

"This is turning you on, isn't it?"

"You have no idea.... SIR! Aieeeee!"

She yelped the last line, as my hand had slid up and firmly grasped her small breast, pinching her nipple hard through her bra. A painful reminder to address me properly.

"I'm sure you are. In fact, let's confirm that."

My hand left her throat as she panted and I roughly shoved it down the front of her scrubs. I felt her shaved lips and my middle finger easily slid through the folds of her labia slick with moisture. As it dragged across her clit, a gasp escaped her and she shuddered in my arms. The gasp turned to a moan as my hand cupped her pussy, two fingers sliding easily into her hot, moist tunnel.

"How naughty of you to become aroused and wet at work. That's not very professional, is it?"

"N-n-no, Sir. Please...please don't do thaaaaaat."

"Do what?" I asked feigning innocence.

"Th-that, Sir. Rubbing... oh god... my... my pussy, sir."

"And why should I honor your request?"

She groaned, "Be... be... because my scrubs will get wet... and everyone will knoooowwww...."

"Will know what?"

"That... that I'm aroused.... Nnnnggghh! SIR!"

Another twist of her nipple ring to remind her of her place. We had her nipples pierced. Partly because we knew she'd like it, keeping her aroused much of the time as they rubbed against whatever fabric was covering them. And partly because it reminded her of the nature of her sexual relationship to us. Plus, it gave us opportunities to play with her in different ways.

"You're aroused because you're a slut, aren't you?"

"Yes Sir," she panted.

"What kind of slut are you?"

Another twist. She took too long to answer.

"A dirty slut. A butt slut, YOUR slut, Sir!"

I felt a hand join mine covering Daniela's olive-toned tit, and large firm breasts pressed against my back. Alicia slid in behind me, having watched us each walk out of the ER after our little interlude at the supply closet. She knew where we were going and what we were going to do.

"WHO'S slut, slave?"

"Unnnggggg!!!!!" Daniela groaned as it was Alicia's turn to twist the ring pierced through the hard bud beneath our fingers.

"My...my Master's AND my Mistress' Oh... ohhhhh... I'm... I'm gonna...cu-NOOOOOO!" she whined.

Alicia had come in behind me and now had both hands on Daniela's tits, twisting and pulling on the rings, causing her to bend forward. I used this to my advantage. Having hooked my fingers in her canal, I pulled her back against me, my rock-hard shaft sandwiched between the globes of her ass, stroking up and down over her anus through the thin scrubs. We knew how to bring her to the brink of orgasm, frustration evident in her voice as she stopped just short of cumming.

Alicia spoke in a sexy and commanding voice.

"You've been a bad girl. A VERY bad girl. 

"Yes, Mistress" she moaned. "Bad... bad...."

"Bad girls get punished, don't they?"

"They do... they dooooo...."

I slid my dripping fingers from Daniela's pussy. Reaching back behind me, Alicia took them into her mouth, sucking and licking them clean. Her tongue wrapped around them, reminding me of her extraordinary oral talents. I slid them from her mouth, despite her protests.

"Mmmmmm, you do taste so good, mi hija," she said in a deep, throaty voice.

Daniela whined. I knew that whine. It came out when she was frustrated. I could tell she wished she could be tasting her Mistress' juices, rather than the other way around.

"Maybe if you're a good little slut later, I'll let you cum."

"Thank you! Thank you, Mistress!"

I released Daniela from my grip and stepped back. She stood pressed against the wall for a moment, catching her breath while Alicia stepped beside me and gave me a long kiss. Daniela turned around, eyes glazed almost as if she were drunk. She stepped forward, leaned up and kissed me deeply, hands resting on my chest. She then turned to Alicia and took her face in her hands, kissing her like it was the last time she ever could. Alicia responded in kind. I stood there, aroused by not only our interaction together, but in the love these two beautiful women I cared so much for shared with each other. Daniela staggered back a little bit, her regular personality returning. Her dark Sicilian eyes burned into us.

"You guys suck!" she pouted.

Alicia and I chuckled. Daniela took a deep breath in, then a strange look crossed her face. She looked down and saw the crotch of her scrubs was soaked with her juices. She looked defeated.

"Shit! Now I have to go change!" She grabbed a pile of sheets to carry in front of her and ran out towards the ER. Alicia and I laughed. She turned to me and wrapped her arms around my neck, pulling me down for a kiss of those full mocha lips.

"We should be nice to her this evening. I think I have just the idea."

That evening, we cooked a five course meal for Daniela. After eating, she was treated to a hot oil massage by the two of us, then a mostly tender lovemaking session (Alicia did hold her by the hair and gripped her head firmly, ensuring Daniela's mouth and tongue would have nowhere else to go but her pussy and ass until she came all over Daniela's face.).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

A month later, we received a call early Sunday morning, one of the few Sundays Alicia and I had off together. I had woken her up by gently spreading her legs so that she would stay deep in slumber, then licked her mocha pussy and clit until she awoke with an orgasm. She had just finished wailing and was catching her breath when the phone rang. Seeing Daniela's number on the caller ID, Alicia picked it up first.

"Mi hija, that man of ours has the most talented tongue. He just woke me up by going down on me." 

Daniela interrupted her. "I need to talk to you. Both of you. It's important."

"Okay, honey, talk to me," said Alicia, sitting up.

With an urgency in her voice, Daniela said, "No, I need to talk to both of you. In person. I can't do this over the phone. I'm coming over."

"Okay, mi amor. We'll be here."

They hung up and Alicia turned to me with a concerned look on her face.

"Something's wrong. She sounded really upset."

"I could tell. I could hear her faintly through the phone when she was talking."

Fifteen minutes later, we heard the sound of a car racing up the driveway and squealing to a stop. Daniela bounded up the porch steps as we came out of the front door to meet her.

I said, "Dani-"

She looked at us with a scared expression, then fell into both of our arms, sobbing. We held her, trying to comfort her, looking at each other, perplexed. Gently, we carried her into the house and sat her on the sofa, flanking her on each side. We stroked her hair and shoulders, kissing her head as her sobs turned into weeps, then sniffles. I handed her a kleenex and she noisily blew her nose. The honking sound had all three of us trying somewhat unsuccessfully to suppress giggles. We waited for her to regain her composure. After a long pause, she spoke quietly, almost in a whisper.

"I'm pregnant."

Alicia and my mouths dropped open.

"Are you sure?" I asked.

"Yes. It's been almost ten weeks now. When I missed my first period, I thought 'guess my cycle's off, again.' But I started to worry after the second one didn't come. I got a home test kit, which came out positive. I tried a different one, just to be sure. It came back positive as well. So I went to my OB/GYN, and she confirmed it for me.

She sniffled a little and wiped her nose.

"I immediately knew it was Alex. I haven't been with anyone else in months. It must have been that first night, in the renovated wing. Remember, you lubed up by fucking my pussy for a minute. It must have happened them. Just enough pre-cum to do the job."

Eyes watering, she paused for a moment, then continued.

"You know I've wanted a baby for so long. But now, being with you, being with both of you... I wasn't sure if it was the right thing. I wasn't sure what to do. Should I tell you or not? I... I don't want to lose you two!"

With that, she began weeping again. I was numb. A father. I was going to be a father! Feelings of joy swept over me, as I knew Daniela had wanted children. Over the past month I came to think of her and Alicia as family. Although the three of us never sat down and specifically discussed it, the idea of us having kids together just seemed to make sense.

I turned to look at Alicia, who was staring off into space. She noticed I was looking at her and turned to gaze in my eyes, hers beginning to water with her happiness evident. She took Daniela's face in her hand, wet with tears, and turned it up to her own. She gently kissed her face all over, drying the tears from her cheeks. She pulled Daniela against her in a loving embrace. Looking up at me, she reached out with one hand and pulled me to her, kissing me now. I kissed her back, hard. Daniela grunted, and we realized that we now had both embraced her tightly, not wanting to let go. Perhaps a bit too tightly. We loosened our grip so she could sit up. Weepy-eyed Daniela looked at both of us and we kissed her one at a time, then simultaneously, sharing a three way kiss. We all pulled back and Alicia looked intently into Daniela's eyes and spoke first.

"Darling, we told you that we are all together now. Since that first night. I hope you know that we want you in our lives, and this just brings us closer together."

I spoke. "D, I have looked for awhile for someone with whom I could start a family. Now, I didn't expect that someone to be TWO someones, but here we are. Alicia and I love you, just as you love us. There is no way this could ever be a bad thing. I am so happy right now!"

"You mean, you are okay with it?"

I knew I needed to be more clear. But Alicia read my mind and spoke."

"Daniela, you know you are my best friend. And my lover. And that's not going to change for me. I know that Alex feels the same. He will be a great father to your child. I am so happy for you! For all of us!"

I know Daniela intuitively read into what Alicia said and began to understand. There was hesitancy in her response, however.

"How will... how does it... will it work? I mean, you and Alex live together. Everyone knows you're a couple."

I answered, "Well, they may not for long. You know I don't believe it's anyone's business what two... or more people do together, as long as it's honestly and mutually agreed upon and no one is hurt. Personally, I don't care what others think. What's important is what WE decide. And I know I've made up my decision."

Alicia nodded in agreement. I knew we would be on the same page about this.

"Move in with us, Daniela. Be WITH us. Make us complete as a family. I know we haven't done this sort of thing before, but it will work out. I know there may be some bumps along the way, but nothing we can't handle."

I knew what I had to do. I stood up and then kneeled before them. I took each of their hands and placed them together with mine.

"Alicia, Daniela, you two have made me the happiest I've ever been. I feel complete with you two. I know it sounds crazy, but I've grown to know in my heart that I can't and don't want to imagine my life without you, or my future without you in it. I know the love you have for each other. I see it everyday. It is more than a friendship. It is the passion that only comes when you have found the person to spend the rest of your life with. So, I am asking you both, with all of my love, to join us together. Permanently."

I became misty-eyed. Alicia and Daniela looked at each other, then at me, then back at each other. They had a quirky look. Daniela was the first to speak. And she directed her question to Alicia.

"Did... did he just propose to us?"

Alicia said, "Um, yes, I think he just did."

Daniela and Alicia were quiet for a moment. They studied each other's face intently, looking for true feelings to be revealed. They softened when they realized what I said was true. They loved me. They loved each other. It was not a matter of asking anyone to choose one over the other. They could have both. Alicia got down off of the couch next to me, still holding our hands.

"If this is to be for real, then we must ask the same of each other." She looked into my eyes.

"Alex, I love you with my heart. I have found love, passion, and happiness with you. I want that to continue, always."

She turned to Daniela.

"Daniela, you are more than just a sister to me. What we have shared is sacred. You have made me feel things that I have not felt with anyone else. The thought of living without you is too much to bear. Please be with me, with us, now and always."

Daniela looked at both of us, the love and relief apparent in her face. Slowly, she got to her knees. We could tell she was struggling with her thoughts, about how to express her feelings. It was obvious that the poetic words were not forthcoming. She sighed and looked to each of us.

"Alicia... and Alex...? Will you... marry me?"

We collapsed into each others arms with laughter, some tears, and plenty of kisses and joy. Alicia spoke first.

"Well, this is going to take some explaining."

I laughed. "Well, the first thing is, Daniela, we move you in here with us. There's more than enough room."

"I guess we're going to need a bigger bed," she said.

We fell into hysterics, which turned into a tickle fight. Before long, hands that were tickling were caressing. Raspberries blown on necks turned into nuzzling. Laughter turned into sighs. Mouths sought out breasts, cock, pussy, and ass. And the next thing we knew, it was the afternoon.

Later, we sat down and worked out all of the arrangements. The master bedroom (no pun intended) would be for all three of us to share. Two of the other bedrooms were set up so that if someone wanted or needed to sleep alone, they could. With the amount of sex we were having, it was necessary if someone wasn't feeling well or needed to sleep in order to get up for work later.
