 Mike, Tracie, and Eric had been friends for awhile. They were always flirting, joking and caressing each other. Nothing had ever happened between them, just a harmless flirtation that made them all horny and aroused. This had taken place for a couple of years and it never passed a certain point. Until this one day... 

Tracie had just sent all the kids off to school and jumped into the shower. She spent sometime shaving her legs and pussy, knowing that Mike would be home soon. As she finished she quickly dried her hair and put just a little make up on. She stretched and went to the dresser to find something to wear. She pulled out a pair of string bikini underwear, they were deep red and just the day before she had purchased a red front clasp bra. She slipped into them and walked back to the mirror. She looked and decided the underwear were perfect. She had slimmed just a little bit in certain places and the red underwear against her light skin made her look flushed in the face. She liked what she saw, and she seen herself through new eyes. She hadn't really looked at herself like this in a long time, and she suddenly realized that she could be sexy still. 

About that time she heard the front door open and she new Mike had come home. Looking into the mirror one last time, she left the bedroom and went down the hall. She stopped short as she realized that Mike wasn't alone. Eric was with him. At first Tracie was embarrassed, and after noting the appreciative look of both of the men she relaxed, Eric let out a high shrill whistle. Tracie, smiled and said "I am dressed no different then the ladies at the beach." Mike had made a comment that maybe I needed to play like I was going to the beach more often... 

I said excuse me, and turned around to go get a shirt when I stopped and turned around. I asked why wasn't Eric at work. He said that "mike said he needed some help today and asked if I would skip work and come over. " Well, I was a little put off, because I had been planning this morning for several days so that I could attack my husband in broad daylight and screw him anywhere in the house I chose. But now we had company.! I was returning to the living room after I slipped on an oversized t-shirt, that was all. I did not put on any shorts or anything, I was wanting to tease Mike a little bit, hoping that he would get the hint and send Eric packing soon. 

When I reached the living room, the guys had opened up a wine cooler for me. I know, a little early in the day, but I felt like I could use a drink, so I picked it up and started to drink it. The guys started to work on the computer a little while, totally forgetting that I was in the room. Boy, was I getting angry! I started to search for something a bit stronger to drink. I looked and found some vodka and poured myself one on the rocks. I drank that and started on the next... Here I was at 9:30 in the morning, horny, angry and getting a good buzz going. The whole time the guys are sitting at that damn computer! I drank two more vodka rocks and looked over to see that they had finished working and was starting to surf the porn sites. Something happened to me at that moment, whether good or bad I do not know, but one thing did lead to another... 

I climbed onto the table top, removed the shirt and called Mike's name. Both of them turned and looked at me. Their mouth kind of dropped as I sat there. Finally, I asked them if they wanted to search the porn sites all day or actually live it. Neither one responded to my question-and I waited for an answer in anticipation. Finally, I opened the front clasp of my bra and let my breasts hang free. Both guys got up and started walking over to me. Eric looked at Mike and asked if he was willing to share me. Mike reached over and caressed my breasts, which instantly puckered at his touch. I was starting to enjoy the idea of fucking my husband as Eric watched. I suddenly found myself wanting to show Eric everything my body had to offer. I started to remember bit of conversations that the three of us had and I was getting turned on in so many ways.. 

I let my legs fall apart as I sat there on top of the table, my breasts free from the bra and was waiting wondering what they would do. Mike had a strange look on his face, I could not tell what he was thinking. I suddenly began to get a little scared for there was no forthcoming action from either one of them. And I was feeling humiliated as well. I reached to grab my shirt when Mike stopped me. Eric then began to look at me with lust in his eyes. He asked me if I really knew what I was about. I looked at him and then my husband and I replied.. "Teach me!" Eric slowly lowered his hand to my breast and let his mouth follow. the whole time I kept my eyes on my husband. He looked at me again and said simply " "yes." Eric 's hand had reached my panties and he was rubbing me through the satin cloth of the bikini's. I was getting really wet and was feeling a bit more secure in myself. I laid down on top of the table and brought mike around to my face. The guys removed their clothing and it was so different, their bodies. 

Mike, will you let Eric fuck me?" Mike groaned and I knew he was turned on. Mike said, "Eric we will fuck Tracie until she begs for us to stop!" Mike lowered his lips to mine and he kissed me with more passion than he had showed me in a very long time! Eric slid my panties down my thighs and off my foot. As Mike started kissing and suckling my breasts, Eric started a slow rhythmic licking of my slit. Oh, These guys were turning me on! After several minutes of this slow torture, I begged to suck someone's dick, I didn't care which one, I needed to feel one in my mouth! 

Mike looked at Eric and said "{Let her sweet lips surround your cock.. you will never forget it." Somehow we fell to the carpeted floor of the living room where I grabbed Eric huge cock in my hands. It was so big and fully erect. I was suddenly worried that I wouldn't be able to go through with it. But I started to lick the tip of his cock and then he grabbed my head and said, "suck it baby." My mouth took in as much as I could, but I could not take it in all the way. Mike watched and stroked his dick as I administered to our best friends needs. they both came quickly. 

Then Mike brought his dick to my lips and I refrained from taking him at first, because I wanted to suck his balls. I love sucking on his balls, it is so empowering having them in my mouth. As I started blowing him Eric started to eat me out.

Oh how delicious it felt having these two guys... Suddenly Mike said, "Eric, I want to see your huge cock banging my wife!" At first Eric seemed uncertain until Mike spread my pussy for him. Eric's erect cock started to jump it was so neat watching the jerking movements, knowing that his cock was urgently waiting to be buried into my cunt. I was wet and horny. I wanted to have his big dick in me. Eric grabbed my hips and slowly entered my pussy. Taking care not to hurt me. He eased into me, and slowly started to stroke me, my breasts feeling lonely because they were being ignored.. I started to stroke my own breasts as I asked for my husbands cock to fill my other lips. As my Eric slammed into my pussy, my mouth sucked off my husband until amazingly enough we all came at the same time... 

And then I found out it wasn't over! Mike rolled me onto my stomach and started to lick and kiss my back until I was totally turned on again, he spread the back of my thighs and his hand started to stroke my cunt. Eric lowered himself to the floor so that I could suck his balls and then Mike slammed into my waiting gapping pussy. I could feel the stickiness of Eric's cum join mine and Mikes. Mike was totally turned on and he fucked me harder than he had ever fucked me before. It was exotic and passionate and so fulfilling. Then Eric began to eat me out at the same time. Oh the orgasm I had was totally enthralling! The juices ran from my cunt as Mike and Eric's oozed out as well. The feeling was electric! Mike still had not cum and he continued to pound against my ass filling my pussy. Then Eric started to lick my slit and Mike's balls. That was what put Mike over the edge. He slammed into me hard with one last thrust of his hips as the stroking tongue of Eric glided over the two of us. Mike came so hard that I could feel his balls twitching and his cock thudding in my pussy, and I came again!

We fell to the floor and Eric said, I have waited for so long... this is just the beginning!