 I have told you all about Eric, the first older guy I had a relationship with.

I also mentioned how on occasions he would like me to dress up and let his friends fondle me and I also fucked and sucked a few of them off.

After Eric and I went our separate ways, him moving away. I really had a lot more actual full sex partners, most of them whilst on holidays, as I will add about my experiences in Turkey etc.

A few months after Eric moved away and after a holiday in Ibiza (during the fortnight I fucked another fifteen different guys).

I bumped into Alan, one of Eric's old friends. He owned a book shop and I went one day to his store on the premise of getting a text book for my college course.

It was rare for him to be in as he had full time staff there, but on this day I literally bumped into him down one of the aisles.

He was one of Eric's friends I had sucked off to completion a couple of times. We spoke briefly and he asked how I was and what I was up to etc.

I could sense a bit of a naughty angle to his questioning and admit I was feeling a bit fruity myself, not having a regular boyfriend at the time. I also admit to having always enjoyed his company in the past.

He offered to buy me a coffee at a local cafe nearby and I agreed, he also let me have the text book free of charge.

At the coffee store we again chatted about Eric and all sorts really. The subject of sex naturally came up and he asked if I was with anyone at the moment.

I replied to him, "No footloose and single Alan, why what are you thinking?"

He then asked me if I would be interested in helping him with a little party/poker night he had planned for the following weekend.

He had a 'boys' poker night planned for him and four of his friends (Colin, Gordon, Peter and Fred) I had met both Colin and Gordon before, at some of our fun times with Eric.

They were all in their 50s, except Fred who was according to Alan was the old man of the group.

He was just turned 60 and recently retired.

I asked what was planned and what he had in mind for me. stupidly adding I had never played poker and didn't know the rules!

He told me he had planned, " A night of poker, porn and frolics if you're up for it Anna!"

He asked me if I would be the waitress/hostess for the night and if I would consider putting on some entertainment.

I said I would consider it, to be honest my fanny was getting the usual dripping sensation already.

I was told it would be made worth my while.

I informed Alan that my M.O.T was due on my car the next week and if that could be taken care of that for me then I would definitely make it a, good night for everyone.

I felt a bit cheap but thought, 'fuck it, why not.'

I had broadened my horizons considerably over the last two holidays and was game for some cock.

The weekend came and I had contacted Alan to organise what he wanted me to wear etc.

I decided to go for a French Maids outfit,fitting for a hostess I thought, a very short one I had been bought by Eric.

I also plumped for a pair of my highest fuck me shoes and my black fishnet stockings and suspender belt.

I packed my bag and put in three of my favourite vibrators for good measure.

I arrived at about 7pm before the other guys were due to get there.

I changed into my outfit in plenty of time and my cunt was already getting moist at the thought of the fun I may have.

I felt deliciously sexy as I got ready for what I knew was going to be a night of real fucking and maybe another gang-bang style bit of fun and frolics.

The others arrived one by one and all seemed very, very pleased with what I was wearing, my arse was given a squeeze by them all one by one, as I let them in and served them drinks.

We had ordered a Chinese take away for us to have before the evening got started, and after a short wait it arrived.

I thought the delivery guys eyes were going to pop out as Alan let him in to pay for it.

I was wandering around in the living room, the only woman amongst these five older males and I was dressed as Colin put it 'Like a French fucking tart.'

My three vibrators where standing all in a row, proudly on the fireplace mantle for all to see.

I made it obvious why I was there by sitting on Gordon's lap, my maids outfit riding high up and showing my legs and cunt off. the delivery guy seeing it all as he entered the house to put the food on the table. I then got even more daring by planting a heavy kiss on his lips before doing the same to Peter, Colin and Fred as well.

The delivery guy must have thought I was an escort for the evening or something. It made my cunny really wet thinking about him having a stiffy and telling his workmates what he had seen.

I must have looked a complete whore.

After eating and getting some more drinks,we chatted and the guys got ready for to start playing poker at the dining table.

I paraded around, my arse cheeks visible due to the shortness of my maids dress, my stockinged thighs fully on show and my titties poking out of the top of the dress.

After a very short while I was watching a hardcore porn DVD on Alan's television, an amateur style one with various couples/threesomes fucking and sucking.

Whilst the guys played a hand of their card game I was playing slowly with my pussy up my dress and had my see through knickers to the side. The older of the guys Fred was staring at me and saying.

"Fucking hell have you lot seen her!"

Alan quickly assured him, "Oh she's a right dirty bitch once she gets going Fred. Come here Anna and show Fred your wet pussy."

I stood up and swayed my way across to them and stood in front of them all pulling my panties to one side.

"Oh I'm fucking soaking already Alan,look at my fingers they are covered already."

With this I showed them my glistening fingers and licked them clean.

Fred was gasping, "Christ what a fucking bitch! When you said you had a young cock loving bike coming Alan I never thought we would be this lucky!!"

This dirty talk was getting me off and I could tell Gordon and Peter where getting hard too. They kept touching their crotches and I was sure things where about to hot up.

I walked around the table and slowly eased my panties off down my legs and over my heels.

"I won't be putting these on again tonight I think!" smiling to them as I said so.

I made my way to the fireplace and took my first vibrator off the top of it.

I sat in one of the armchairs and faced the dining area where the guys were. I started to slowly tease my clit with it and then to ease it up my soaking quim.

As I did so they had stopped playing and where all watching me.

"You fucking like it?" I asked speaking in as broad an accent as I can muster..."You dirty bastards like watching me pound my cunt?"

They all stared at me as I did so and this made me feel like real cheap tart.

"Fucking look at me," I shouted. "Look at me you cunts, look at what I'm doing for you filth, dirty fuckers.You want to fuck me? You want to fucking spunk up me and cover me in your cum don't you!"

Alan spoke first," Will you let us Anna. Can we actually fuck you and not just get sucked off by you?"

I looked straight at them and replied.

"Oh yes too fucking right you are going to fuck me Alan. I've fucking had a load of cock since Eric left and I want all five of yours tonight All of you up me,in my cunt, my mouth and up my fucking arse."

They all shot up from the table like young men!

As they neared me I got up and fully removed my Maids outfit,this left me in just my heels and stockings and suspenders.

I walked over to them and asked them to form a line.

They did so stripping naked hurriedly as they stood.

I got onto my hands and knees and crawled along them like a bitch on heat.

I stopped at the end of the line and Alan was there. I knelt up and slowly licked his cock. Licking his balls and then moving around behind him and licking his arse cheeks, he parted his legs so I could get my tongue up at his arsehole and gave it a lick and a rimming.

I did this for a few minutes and then came around to the front again and began to suck his by now rock solid cock. I slurped on it and used my tongue to lick it whilst I sucked on him.

I took him all the way in my mouth and gagged a little, causing some spit to run down his shaft. The other guys were staring at me, their cocks all standing proudly to attention.

I moved along the line to each one of them, again licking their cocks up and down the length of the shafts and also licking their arses and poking my tongue up their arse cracks.

They all responded by growing in my mouth and by taking it in turns to pass a running commentary on me...

"What a slut."

"What a good cock sucker."

"Fuck she's a right bike, I bet her cunts sopping wet."

I was in ecstasy, I was loving the dirty talk and also the fact of how I was turning these men on.

After a while I got up and said, "OK guys my turn now."

With this I lay on the settee and spread my legs and asked them all to have a lick of me.

They did so in turns. One licking and nibbling my cunt and clit, whilst another sucked my tits.

At one point I had Colin between my legs licking and tonguing me out, Fred and Gordon sucking on a tit each, Alan French kissing me and I was wanking Peter off.

All the while the porn DVD was playing and we could hear the couples fucking and sucking,the experience was amazing,pure sex.

The evening continued all night and I will put the rest of it on for you all as soon as possible.

How I was double penetrated, how I had multiple cums and how I ended up a right sticky mess!