 I was sent to bed as Hillary consoled Monique. I must have fallen asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow, what a day! I awoke the next morning after being granted a long lie in.

Monique and Hills were both up, dressed, made up and ready to roll. I staggered downstairs to the kitchen, exchanged twinkle eyed glances but nothing was said about the night before. Both women were at the table in the small kitchen, shopping on the Internet using Monique's laptop. 

The women were concentrating on the screen, pointing and giggling. I assumed it going to cost me plenty. It would appear that I wouldn't be given much of a chance to discuss how they felt about the previous night.

We embarked on the day's outing, Monique had planned the itinerary down to the last detail, where to go, who to see, as she drove us up and down the area. The last port of call was the supermarket, to get provisions for the dinner to follow later that evening. 

The girls went off to the local chemist; Monique was in need of some vitamins. They joined me at the car, walking arm in arm like two sixteen year olds, laughing and giggling clutching a large paper bag from the shop.

"We got a few other bits whilst we were there." Hillary said as they climbed into the car.

Later that night I helped to clear up after another sumptuous meal and then jumped in the shower. I joined Monique downstairs in the living room as Hillary went up, she was already half way through a second bottle of wine. 

I thanked her for the day and made polite conversation as we sat at the scene of last night's action.

She took a big gulp of wine, looked me up and down and said, "All I could think of all day was your cock. Does that make me a wicked woman?"

"No, but perhaps a little naughty..." I replied, she stood and came within range of my arm. I shot out a hand to cup her shapely buttock. She wrapped my wrist but didn't move so far away that I couldn't make a grab for the other cheek.

"What are we going to do tonight?" she said, pushing her butt back towards me, arching her eyebrows and assuming a coy look.

"I need to talk to Hills about all this, I need to know she is OK with it." I replied.

"We talked about it all last night." Said Hillary as she came into the room, "Tonight is Monique's night, she needs to work out a few of her issues"

"What about yours?" I replied.

"Later," she said, "don't forget to take your vitamin pill," she rolled the unmistakable shape of a blue Viagra tablet across the small table, with a sly grin and a glint in her eye.

"We thought this might add a little, er, staying power for you tonight." Hillary said with a grin, Monique nodding excitedly in agreement behind her.

Hillary poured herself a large glass of wine and sat down. Monique disappeared upstairs for a shower. We made use of the time, chatting and moving to the same spot as the pervious night. We hugged, kissed and cuddled up like a couple of teenagers talking about and remembering what had happened, indeed it seemed that Hills was indeed OK with it all. 

She said, "Monique needs to explore her sexuality, I think we should help her". 

My cock twitched in anticipation. I moved my left hand to Hillary's crotch as if to warm her up for what was to follow.

"Not so fast big guy, Monique has something special in mind," she said pushing my hand away.

After quite a while Monique came downstairs and sat to my right wearing just a plain white tee shirt and lace knickers. I turned to place my arm around her. She smelled of roses and had re-done her make up, with bold red lipstick highlighting her thin but perfectly formed lips.

"I've always had secret thoughts," she said.

"Fantasies are perfectly natural, sometimes people are lucky enough to live them out," Hillary responded. 

With that Monique lifted the tee shirt to reveal her shapely, tanned and tidy frame. Her perfect boobs bounced into view, nipples already hardening as they fell free. She stood, with her back to us and removed her lace panties to reveal her rounded ass. She turned to reveal her fresh and cleanly shaven mound.

"Wow! Have you just done that?" I asked.

"Yes, this is for you, Hills told me that you like a smoothly shaved pussy," Monique replied.

"You had better get some oil on that," Hillary said, "You don't want to get a rash."

"I have nothing suitable and I didn't think moisturiser or Rob's after shave would work!" Monique joked.

"Do you have any olive oil?" said Hillary.

"Yes, in the kitchen, can you get it?" She gestured at her naked frame.

"Extra virgin?" I joked.

Hills came back with the bottle of oil, Monique laid out on the sofa, wincing slightly as the cold leather met her soft and supple skin. She let out another slight gasp as I poured a little of the oil on her smoothed pubic region. I let the thick liquid run down her inner thighs before starting to gently rub it into her exposed pussy lips. 

Her generous clit began to protrude from her moistening folds as I moved the slippery oil over and around her shapely cunt lips. Her slit was unfolding like a petal to its full extent as my hand massaged the oil, slipping occasionally to rub her awakening inner parts.

I sat back and admired the shape of Monique's cunt. I took a deep breath to catch her scent, mixed with olive oil and roses. I let my hands wander further round and across her open lips towards her large and hidden bud, she exhaled and closed her eyes trying to concentrate on the sensations.

Hillary wasted no time, she leaned over and started to slowly kiss and lick her way down Monique's neck, across her shoulder to her nipple. Without letting my fingers into her inner furrow I lightly brushed the surface of her opening, across her extending clit and upward to meet my wife's hand.

Looking up I kissed and licked my way upward from her naval to join Hillary, sucking on the other teat. Cupping each of our heads Monique let out a satisfied sigh. She let go and pulled at Hillary's arm to guide it to her, now nicely lubricated, slit. 

I moved aside as Hillary shifted over Monique, she moved into the sixty nine position, tucking her calves under Monique's arms, levering her head upward to meet her pouting crack. She sat more upright and closed her eyes as she felt Monique's hot breath on her neatly trimmed quim. She let out a deep sigh as Monique's tongue hit the mark, arching her back, reaching out and raking her fingers along Monique's moist pussy lips.

Monique's body responded by quivering as the attention of Hillary's hand raised her level of arousal. Gentle sucking and slurping sounds were coming from Hillary's nether regions as Monique went to work with her tongue. Hillary's face contorted with pleasure as the assault on her clit mounted.

Hillary took my hand and guided it towards hers, already at Monique's aroused quim. She gently pulled at the hood to expose Monique's expansive nub. I ran my index finger alongside and down the slit, her hot tunnel was wetting generously. I gathered some juice and rubbed it over and around her clit, mixing it with the oil, making her buck and jump in the process. I moved my finger back to her warm hole, pushed it in easily again as her juices began to flow.

Louder moans were coming from Monique as Hillary started to shuffle on her face, Hills was also nearing her first orgasm and by her look was going to lose all self control. Monique was building too, her hips started to rise to meet and encourage our manual stimulation of her cunt.

Hillary couldn't resist returning the oral favours and fell onto Monique's clit, taking the knob into her mouth, drawing at it, teasing the end and running her tongue into the corners of its hood. I buried my fingers deep into her wet hole. Hillary started to lose balance as she came and fell off Monique's face panting, knocking me over in the process, this wasn't like a porno.

We all readjusted our positions; Monique, on the verge of coming, thrust a couple of her fingers into her wet pussy. Hillary sat beside her kissed her deeply and massaged her right breast. She moved quickly to grab my waist as I stood up, she opened her mouth and engulfed my rock hard tip with her deep red lips. She drew it in, sucked it hard and then licked it like a lollipop. 

I could feel her hot breath quickened over my cock as she re-inserted her fingers and continued to thrust them up her wet snatch. She was moving closer to climax, I could feel her body lift as she drove her fingers deeper into her tight cunt. Her eyes rolled and she came at the end of her own fingers, her body bucking and rippling over her hand.

"I have never been very good at this," she said as she let my cock out of her mouth with a plop, "Hills please show me how he likes it."

Hillary, leaning forward, was eager to partake, she showed Monique each manoeuvre, sucking, nibbling and licking, each taking it in turn. One licked my knob the other sucked on my balls, for a time they sandwiched by cock between their hot mouths and kissed, tongues darting over and around the sensitive end. 

"My god," I though to myself as I heard the sound of each fingering from below, my legs buckled beneath me as the sensations became too much and I sent my come shooting from my cock. 

I came, jetting my thick load over their faces, hair, shoulders and tits. Without a blink they went to work, not wasting a drop, licking and sucking my come from one another, exchanging it in their mouths and licking the final globs from their fingers.

The sight of this soon made my cock spring back to attention. I was on my knees opposite two sexy women, half squatting, pleasuring themselves, and each other, each with a couple of fingers, each half on the edge of the sofa. The sounds and smells were intoxicating.

Recovering my senses and ardour fast I moved forward to taste Monique's sweet juices, she pulled back and draped her left leg over my shoulder. Hillary swung herself over Monique's lap exposing her rump, suckling a breast, still with one hand buried in her own wet snatch.

I moved between one woman and the other, kissing, sucking, licking and fingering their warm depths. Both were now breathing heavily, each helping themselves when my attention was on the other. They kissed deeply and licked and sucked on each others hardened nipples as we became a mesh of hands, lips and tongues. 

I ran my tongue higher up and down each crack, running from the top to the bottom of each cleft, each time moving closer to the brown bud. I placed a finger or two inside each wet hole as each bud came under my attention, leaving one finger out to rub each engorged clit and running my tongue across and down their most private areas. 

It was harder to reach Monique's ass so I raised her other leg over my shoulder to allow better access, she swung her hips up to accept my tongue into her brown button, gasping as I drove it into the puckered orifice.

Tonguing Monique's ass I moved my hand to Hillary's creamy snatch, to keep both building. Swapping hands and mouth I moved to Hillary's butt, slurping her cunt juices into the hot and tight hole.

Both women's bodies bounced as they convulsed to simultaneous orgasm.

I still wanted to fuck some ass, I began to draw my tongue up Hillary's cleft when she shifted away and climbed off. 

Monique didn't need more of a cue, she led me to sit and jumped on my lap facing me and saying, "I want you cock in me now."

With that Hillary took my solid tool and guided into Monique's eager entrance. Her tight cunt gripped my shaft as I entered her, she let out a shriek and she settled, balls deep, on my rigid cock. She regained her senses long enough to say, "Don't come in me, I have no.... I am not on any...." 

I got the message, don't come yet. She sat back and swung around 180 degrees, my cock still inside her. Her legs were now over mine; she was facing away from me and opening her gash to allow Hillary access to her clit.

"I always wanted it like this," Monique sighed, "Suck my clit Hillary; I want you to see me come over your husband's cock"

I began to thrust gently upwards as Hillary locked her mouth on to Monique's protruding clit, she came in seconds, panting and clawing at her nipples, her come running down my balls.

"My turn! My turn!" said Hillary, virtually throwing Monique off, pushing me on my back and mounting my throbbing tool. She rode me for less than a dozen strokes before she came too, collapsing on top of me. Monique gazed on opened mouthed, breathing deeply. 

Like a breaking melee we all straightened our positions.

Hillary spun around exposing her asshole, Monique dived straight in and began licking and driving two fingers into Hillary's cunt. It didn't take long before she brought her off yet again. 

Hillary had lost control, she panted "Oh fuck, oh fuck," each time Monique's fingers probed her insides.

"I want to watch you fuck her in the arse," Monique panted, "I want to lick her clit whilst you come in her butt," she said turning toward me.

Hillary was never keen on anal, we had only tried it once or twice and, to my great disappointment, without any success. However this time she was positively encouraging it, spreading her ass cheeks wide for my attention.

"Where is the olive oil?" I asked. Monique passed me the small bottle. 

I immediately poured some on to my cock, I span round behind Hillary and massaged a generous glob into her tight brown bud, mixing it with Monique's saliva. 

Gripping Hillary's hips firmly I gently eased my straining cock into her tight asshole. I continued to push until my balls rested against her dripping quim. She let out a deep groan as I slowly withdrew almost until the head was fully out, and then slowly pushed home again. I felt Monique's hand brush past my balls as she inserted first one finger and then a second into my wife's gaping cunt hole. 

I began to find a rhythm, feeling Monique's fingers inside Hillary's cunt as I thrust into her accepting butt. My pace quickened as the grip of her ass milked my cock.

"Wait." Monique said to Hillary, "I want to lick you as he comes"

We all readjusted, like a strange ballet. Me sitting, Hillary squatting over my lap facing away, cock in hand, guiding it into her eager butt hole, Monique, on the floor, kneeling in front eagerly watching as Hillary lowered herself on to my tool.

Hillary's ass gripped my cock like a clamp as Monique went to work on her clit, she came again, bucking wildly, thrusting my cock deeper into her ass than I had ever been. As the vice like grip began to subside I lost my control, jetting my come with deep and satisfying jerks deep into my wife's arse. I was almost spent, unable to move from this position. "Your turn." Hillary said, hopping off with a loud "plop", my come staring to drip out from her. 

She grabbed Monique, spun her around and guided her on to my lap. Monique sat back as Hillary applied oil generously to her tight and puckered butt.

"Have you done this before?" Hillary asked.

"Once, but it was painful and I was too tight for his cock." She said nervously.

Monique's arse let out a loud quaff as Hillary pushed two fingers into its tight depths, spreading the oil in as far as she could.

"There that should do it, now allow me." Hillary took the tip of my cock, drew it into her mouth to deposit a thick layer of saliva and offered it up to the lubricated bud.

"I want you to come in there," she demanded, looking deep into my eyes and gently feeding my shaft into the oily hole.

I needed no prompting; I began to lift my hips upward as Monique drew her weight down. Soon my shaft was buried deep in her back passage. She tensed her body in discomfort as my cock sank deeper and began to rise up. Hillary sensing this fell on her clit, providing positive sensations for her to concentrate on while she became accustomed to this strange insertion.

Monique was so tight, even tighter than Hillary, but she soon became used to the hardness invading her bowel. With generous slurping sounds coming from her clitoral area, we settled into a rhythm, slow and steady, rising until almost withdrawn and then falling balls deep.

I felt the movement of Hillary's head as she moved her hand to her own cunt, frigging herself to yet another orgasm, this time ramming two fingers in her arse as she did so, farting out my come as she came, panting at Monique's distended clit.

Monique was starting to enjoy the ride. Our pace quickened as I again felt the sap rising deep from inside my balls. She too was panting, biting her bottom lip and panting out, "Oh my God, oh my God..."

With a series of deeper thrusts Monique came, followed by me jetting the last of my hot come deep inside her clutching bowel. She swung off and licked the remainder of the sticky come from my shaft, my wife eagerly sucking the rest from her gaping ass.

Spent, we all stayed where we were, each connected to the other via a mouth. 

Breathing unevenly, Hillary spoke first, "My God that was dirty," she said.

"This just keeps getting better. Tomorrow it is your turn Hillary," Monique said. 

Hillary nodded thoughtfully, I couldn't wait.