 I promised I would finish off the experience of me acting as waitress at Alan's poker party.

As I said, I was lying on the settee having a very good licking session by the guys. They took it in turns to lap at my absolutely sopping pussy. I was dripping in my cum juice and the guys brought me off for a couple of lovely climaxes.

In between them licking me they eagerly presented their swollen cocks for me to suck and gobble on.

After me getting them all rock solid, their heads all purple and shiny, it was time for some serious fucking.

I was carried to a chair and placed on all fours, leaning on the cushion for support. 

The guys then took it in turns to enter me from behind. Alan went first.

He fucked away at me for a few minutes while the other guys looked on. I was loving him pounding me and he was getting me well stretched and open.

After his first go on me, Colin took his place, Alan plopping out of my fanny with an audible 'plop.'

Colin kept up his go fucking me for a few minutes, then Fred took his place.

My cunny was really getting well used and I was dripping wet. Fred fucked me really hard and fast.

"I can last for ages you fucking dirty cunt," he said to me.

I was in heaven and responded by bucking back onto his prick, telling him to, "Fuck it up me, fuck your cock right up my fucking fanny. Go on let me help you." 

At this point Fred stopped and let me do the work. I bucked and bucked against him, the others urging me on to fuck back against him harder.

After a few more minutes he pulled out and Gordon took his place. Then Peter lastly. They all fucked me doggy style as I swore at them and they all urged me on.

"I want you up my arse as well," I shouted at Fred. "Get a cock up both my holes."

I was again carried to another position, this time lying on my back on the floor facing the TV screen.

On the screen a British wife was being pummelled by a black guy in front of her husband. The whole room was just oozing pure, filthy sex.

"OK get under her Alan," Fred was dictating things.

Alan got under me and slid his cock up my arse, lubricating it with some spit on his cock. It felt really good, really filling me up.

Then Gordon was told to, "get up her cunt." 

He entered my fanny easily, it was gaping after the pounding it had taken. I was lying sandwiched between the two of them They fucked me in a steady rhythm for ages. The other three guys stood beside me and I sucked on their cocks in turn.

They all took turns in changing positions, taking it in turns to be up my fanny, up my arse and me sucking them off.

I was getting a bit tired and also a tad sore from the fucking and asked them if I could, "Have some spunk up me."

For the final fuck they again got me onto all fours again.

They again entered me in turn from behind and fucked me till the spunk started to flow.

I was on all fours, my make up was smeared over my face, my lipstick all smudged, my hair dishevelled, the pigtails I had put in all but out now.

My stockings were half on and half off,one still being held up by the suspender belt, the other had snapped off and my torn and laddered stocking was rolled down to my knee.

One shoe was still on and the other had come off during the D.P banging I had taken. In short I looked a mess and like I had taken a massive fucking.

Fred fucked me first doing me really hard again, and then he began to leak cum up me. He shot a massive load up my cunt, some of it oozing out onto my legs when he pulled out.

Immediately his place was taken by Gordon who slipped up me easily. He fucked me fast and long and then he too came buckets, adding his cum to Fred's. 

My fanny was gaping and dripping with my own juices and the two guys semen, he plopped out and cum just oozed out of my cunt.

Colin took his place sliding up my spunk, messed cunt easily.

I couldn't feel much by now, Colin's cock was pistoning in and out of me slurping on my juice and the mix of cum up me. He shot off and added more spunk up my by now wide open, dripping gash.

When he spunked up me I felt a large dollop drop out of me and onto the floor.

Peter was next, again getting up me like a knife in butter. His cum was a really heavy one and flooded out of my pussy onto my stockinged leg.

Alan was the last up me. Fucking me with audible slurps and glugs coming from me.I was gaping so wide, my fanny lips swollen and red. Alan added his cum up me, well he tried his best to get it up me past the other loads of spunk!

As they finished they stood back admiring their handy work!

I had been well and truly fucked.

I stood up looking what I thought a complete mess but the guys just kept telling me how 'beautiful' I was and how much they 'loved me.'

I was treat like a lady for the rest of the evening.

I had a lovely soak in the bath, full of bubbles and then relaxed on the sofa in one of Alan's dressing gowns.

The guys played a hand or three of poker and I served them drinks.

I couldn't face any more fucking that night, but stayed overnight with Alan and Fred. I slept in between them and had a lovely cuddle from them both as we slept.

The guys paid for my MOT and all the repairs on my car.

I saw them again once more. As a group and as pairs of two. I also danced/stripped for Fred's birthday party as well. A meeting I will add on here as soon as I can.

They were so kind to me and I still keep in touch with them now, though have not fucked any of them since Mike and I have been married...yet!