 A lot had happened since the time Erica had been to see Eric to seduce him, and she found herself "tortured" to a state of a sexual rapture, where she was prepared to shed any inhibitions for such pleasure. 

Tony - who had seduced her by blackmail in the first place - had questioned her at length about what had happened while tormenting her to orgasm himself. She had hidden nothing, couldn't hide anything. She had spent another session with Eric, as good as the first. As amazing as the first.

And Tony had visited Eric. Both had talked freely about Erica - Tony about how it had started, what he had done to her. Eric about his surprise at Erica turning up, but how she had been so hot. The conversation at first had been stilted, but over a couple of drinks and a couple of hours they had formed a bond of friendship - a bond of friendship from which arose new ideas, new plans...

Both agreed on three things. Both agreed Erica was an amazing slut who should be used as a slut. Both agreed they loved to watch her as she came - she was stunning, exciting, the most erotic female they had dealt with. Both agreed - they wanted Erica to receive complete fulfilment, enjoyment, pleasure. Yes, she was a slut for them to use, but at the same time she should only be made to do what would pleasure her.

"I suppose," said Tony, "I suppose that up to now we've put her through some subtle torment, a bit of sophisticated humiliation, and only for us as individuals..."

"What are you thinking of?" asked Eric.

Tony replied thoughtfully. "Perhaps it's time she was used much more coarsely, much more crudely, with people seeing her fuck. Perhaps that's the next step in her humiliation..."

Eric paused, before speaking. "Perhaps you are right. I have a small group of friends I meet with sometimes for a drink. We've often joked about finding a woman to entertain us one evening. Perhaps..."

It was arranged for the week Erica's husband was away on a business conference. On the Wednesday they would get together at Eric's...

Eric took on the job of organising the party, preparing the food, getting the drinks, welcoming his guests, feeding his guests, while Tony prepared Erica for the party in one of the bedrooms. 

"It's very simple..." he said, while Erica sat on the bed nervously. "Nothing complicated. You wear these clothes, and when we are ready I'll take you through to the sitting room, put on some music, then you will have to dance for our friends. There will be half a dozen. You will have to make it very hot..."

Tony paused - it was clear Erica was very nervous, and excited, and confused. "Then it's even easier," he continued: "you just go along with whatever may happen."

Erica look naïve, unaware quite of what Tony was saying. She asked hesitatingly: "do you think some of them might want to touch me?"

Tony smiled. "No, he whispered - it is your job to make them all want to fuck you. And then you let them..."

Erica had heard the word "gangbang", and suddenly realised that was what she was going to be part of. The centre of. Part of her was horrified - to be used like that. A bigger part wanted it... And even bigger - her nerves. But she would do it... She began to put on the clothes that Tony gave her.

Eric shouted up the stairs that they were ready. Tony lead her down to the sitting room, looking stunning in her black stockings, suspenders, panties and undercut bra which pushed her breasts up at an obscene position. Tony had given her a lacy shawl to cover he breasts for the moment and her body accentuated by the high heels she was told she had to dance in.

Tony led her along the corridor, opened the sitting room door and led her in. She slowly opened her eyes, aware of six other men there along with Eric, looking at her, transfixed. She opened wider and took in the strangers, looking coyly around the group of men gathered.

She suddenly gasped. "George?"

Sat in front of her was her father-in-law. Father of her husband. 

"Erica?" George was as shocked as she was.

There was never anything sexual between them, there never had been. And here he was in a room waiting to be part of a gang-bang - on her. She stood before him in underwear, sexy underwear, wanting to run, but anchored to the floor.

Suddenly George gave a wry smile. He spoke in a friendly but commanding voice. "Dance Slut, I am going to enjoy this..."

Erica stood in the centre for a few moments as Eric put a CD on the player. As the music started Erica was suddenly aware she hadn't thought what she should do, in this bit. As the chords of "Brown Sugar" by the Rolling Stone started, her mind whirled quickly, and she was suddenly very embarrassed. However, as Mick Jagger started to sing, Erica closed her eyes and began to dance cautiously at first, then disappearing into a dream, her body moving, her arms beginning to move, suddenly turning on all the steps she used at the disco, the words whispering in her mind "You must make them want to fuck you..."

Within a couple of minutes she had shed the black shawl hiding her breasts lifted up obscenely by the underpinned bra, aware of a few whistles, whistles that made her cup he breasts, squeeze her nipples, make her nipples hard...

Towards the end of the record she was aware that as she had danced around her hand was now between her legs, resting over her knickers, gently rubbing in time to the music, the music which ran out...

In the pause she guessed what to do next - she removed her panties, just in time to hear the opening chords of "Simply the Best" by Tina Turner. 

Somewhere in her memory she remembered the faintly obscene Tina Turner dance with legs staggered wide and began to imitate it. She turned, flashed her ass at the men, turned back, this time her hand buried in her naked crotch, feeling the moisture there, slipping a finger inside, her eyes still closed, only sometimes opening to look at her audience. Somehow the erotic dance had taken over...

She turned her back on them again, spread her legs even wider, let a hand snake between the cheeks of her ass, made it clear she was tickling her anus as her audience sat wide eyed at this erotic sexual tour-de-force they were watching.

At last Tina Turner had sung her last, Erica suddenly stood coyly, feet together, hands by her side, breathing heavily from arousal and effort. As she waited for the next track she removed her bra, let her breast fall free, and caressed them gently for a brief moment. The men were smiling, some with their hands in their laps, one or two with their trousers already open. Clearly she was succeeding: "You must make them want to fuck you..." 

At last the next track started. Erica didn't recognise the music, a slow romantic track, but a ladies voice that had some power as well. This time Erica met the music by gyrating her hips slowly, then moved over towards the first of the men. As she reached him she sat on his lap, squirmed provocatively in his lap - aware that he was already very aroused, kissed him, then moved to the next. 

The next she put her hand on his cock as she sat down, squeezed, pushed his head between her breasts. Suddenly there was a momentarily awareness - she was proud she could have this effect on all these men. She knew she was being a complete slut. And she knew - she wanted to be a slut. She had found a confidence - she could serve these men properly.

She pulled away from the second man, and moved around the room, sitting on each in turn, exciting them, letting them touch her, but moving away if they were over-excited. The only one she deliberately missed out was George, her father-in-law.

At last she had moved to each and tantalised further all 7, just leaving George out. She stood up from the last of the men, returned to George, stood in front of him, danced provocatively in front of him and whispered to him - "get your cock out, dad..."

George quickly opened his trousers, pushed his trousers down a little, pushed his pants down, released his cock which stood proud and hard - he had so dreamt of this day...

Erica moved further towards him, legs either side of his, then held his cock and simply slid it into her pussy, as she sat on his lap, her legs either side of him.

George moaned in pleasure as his cock entered deeply into her pussy, feeling so wet, welcoming. Erica rested for a moment, then whispered in his ear: "Okay dad, I'm going to give you the fucking of your life." As she did so she began to rise and fall on his cock, George struggling to thrust up into her.

As Erica slid up and down she whispered obscenities in his ear that no-one else could hear because of the music. "You enjoying fucking me, daddy?" "Your cock feels so good, daddy." "You've always wanted to fuck me, haven't you, daddy?" "My daddy has a wonderful cock. Feels so good in my cunt." As she spoke so George felt his cock throbbing, twitching inside her, and within seconds he was crying out, pumping his cum deep inside her, the muscles of her pussy milking every drop of cum from his balls. She was right - he had never pumped this much into a woman before.

The other men cheered, and it was obvious that they could no longer hold back. Erica heard a voice say "Let's three-hole her". what it meant didn't register, until she felt the arms of a man pull her on top of him, his cock sliding into her. She felt fingers playing with her asshole, oiling her there, then felt a cock pushing there. She gasped in pain as the cock pushed through the ring, pushing slowly but forcefully deeper into her ass. She was frightened, but it was easier than she thought it would be. As the second cock was buried in her she felt another pushing at her mouth. Her mouth opened, willingly took the cock inside, sucking gently on it. 

For a few moments all three held her still impaled on the three cocks, then each in their own rhythm began to fuck her, sliding their cocks in and out of her three holes. She felt fingers pinching her nipples, she felt a finger delving to find her clitoris. Soon all four had given themselves over to their lust, Erica responding to the cocks and especially the finger on her clit, the three men responding as they fucked her. Within seconds all were moaning out loud, fucking faster and faster - it was Erica herself who went over the edge first, crying out in orgasm. Next she felt and tasted cum in her mouth - she swallowed hard, she had no choice, she felt the other two push hard in her, pumping into her, filling her.

By now it was all a daze for Erica - quickly the three men left her, to be replaced by another three. Erica felt sore from being so stretched, but the cum was good lubrication. Again she felt them fucking her, stretching her body, using her body, until all four again came in orgasm, Erica milking the other three in each of her holes.

For a moment there was a lull, then Another man was fucking her, then another man put his cock to her mouth - covered in cum and her juices from where he had fucked her earlier. 

For the next two hours, Erica lost count of the number of times she was fucked, as all eight men took has as much as they could, lost count of the number of times she came. By the end she was exhausted, her pussy sore, her asshole stretched from the 4 cocks that had entered her there, barely able to stand or move. 

It was George who helped her to her feet, helped her to the bathroom to clean up. He spoke gently to her as he helped her there. "You really enjoyed that, didn't you? You are one hot slut, you are a very special daughter-in-law."

She whispered softly: "thank you daddy, yes I did."

He spoke again. "I knew my son couldn't satisfy a slut like you. Didn't even have the common sense to make you into the slut you always wanted to be. I'm glad we could."

George sat her in the shower and began to clean her and slowly soap her all over, then wash the soap off. 

"Perhaps," said Erica, thoughtfully, "We can show him what a real woman needs. Or perhaps he needs to be made into the sissy he is..."