 Frank and Vickie offered Erica a promotion to Assistant Manager of the Toy Shoppe, and gave her a week's vacation to think it over. Just the time off would have been great, but they sent her to Jamaica, giving her their condo for the week, and the Toy Shoppe's credit card for "necessities." After packing quickly, Erica found herself on a cross country flight at midnight.

Day 1

The red-eye flight to Jamaica had been long and uneventful. Erica's dreams of joining the Mile High Club never materialized and she was exhausted when she got to her hotel. As it was near dawn when she checked in, she went to bed immediately, and awoke around three in the afternoon. Entering the biggest bathroom she had ever seen, Erica was amazed at the size of the shower. 

She began to unpack, and blushed at the clothes in her bag. At Vickie's urging, Erica had brought several erotic outfits, for "the parties," and several bikinis, ranging from sexy to sinful. After all, this was an adults-only, hedonistic resort, and sex could happen anywhere. 

Erica finished unpacking and decided to get something to eat, take a swim, and relax by the pool before dinner. Donning her most modest bikini and a coverup, she left her room and went to the elevators. Being on the 12th floor, she was aware that she might have a long wait. Surprisingly, the doors opened quickly, and Erica started in before she looked to see if anyone occupied the elevator car. 

A very passionate moan got her attention, and Erica looked up into a gorgeous redhead's green eyes. The redhead's eyes and lower legs were all she could see of the woman, as the rest of her was blocked by a very naked man, obviously intent on fucking her to orgasm before they reached the first floor of the hotel. He had her balanced on the handrail, which was apparently just the right height. The redhead closed her eyes and Erica looked at the very nice back and butt of the man, as he began to increase the speed of his thrusts. 

The doors had closed and the car started down when Erica realized she was getting moist, just looking at the couple. She toyed with the idea of playing with his ass, but figured she needed to know him better. The redhead was looking at her with interest, when Erica put her hand down the front of her bikini bottoms, and slid her finger into her cunt. Taking her finger out, she offered it to the redhead, who attacked the digit with her lips, and began sucking it voraciously. 

Erica reached over and pushed the "Stop" button on the elevator and leaned in to kiss the redhead, who was nearing her climax. The man did not slow his thrusting, and when the redhead shook and screamed in orgasm, so did he, thrusting so violently that he disengaged himself from his partner. Erica reached down and began to stroke his dick, pumping even more sperm from the delighted man's balls, allowing it to cover the top of her hand. Luxuriously licking her hand, Erica turned around and started the elevator. 

"Damn! What a way to start a vacation!" she thought, as the elevator opened, and she left the couple inside.

She was pleasantly surprised to see a variety of styles of dress, or rather undress in the hotel lobby. Women were topless, nude, clothed in shorts and tops, even a few slacks. Men were similarly attired, with shorts being the predominant piece of clothing. Still, some daring guys wore bikini swimsuits, and Erica saw more than a few men completely nude. She found a snack bar and ordered a soft drink, eying her surroundings. The waiter brought her drink to the table, and seemed friendly. 

Erica introduced herself, and asked the young man about local restaurants, clubs, and nightlife. He seemed delighted to be of assistance, especially to a sexy young girl. Filing the information for later reference, Erica located the pool. It looked like any vacation hotel pool, except there were no children. Sexy young girls lounged around the perimeter, trying to catch the lifeguard's attention, while older, more mature "cougars" seemed content to lounge and look great.

Erica chose a chair that was somewhat sheltered and lay down to rest and observe. She could see the beach from where she lay, but was content to relax and get over her jet lag. People came and went, but it seemed a lot of traffic was directed to a lane at the edge of the pool area. After about an hour, Erica's curiosity got the best of her and she went to investigate the lane. Just as she turned a corner, she saw a sign explaining the volume of traffic. 

"CLOTHING OPTIONAL AREAS AHEAD" read the sign in big letters. 

"So that's where everybody's going," thought Erica, as she made her way into the secluded spot. It was so secluded that she noticed a couple in the throes of passion just off the beaten path. Breaking through the trees, Erica came upon a gorgeous pool populated by several nude vacationers engaged in various activities. Two couples were fucking, with the gorgeous girls on top, talking as if they were taking a walk in the park. One rather well endowed young man was being fellated by two sexy ladies, each on her knees and being screwed doggie style. 

At one corner of the pool, a blonde goddess was getting her pussy licked from an equally desirable stud standing waist deep in the pool. The blonde leaned back onto the legs of her apparent twin, and, on turning her head, engaged in a very passionate kiss. The two mauled each others' sumptuous breasts unmercifully, pulling nipples and slapping the bouncing flesh playfully.

Erica took all this in as she continued down the path towards the beach. Wondering what sexy delights awaited her there, she was pleasantly surprised by the vista which greeted her. Couples were enjoying each other, in the water, on towels, or just walking down the beach. There was not a thread of clothing visible, and Erica felt overdressed in her bikini. She retreated to the pool, and from there to her room, only to be greeted by a bouquet of roses. The card read, "Thanks for the excitement!" and was signed "Elevator Couple." Smiling at the memory of the couple, Erica entered her room and stripped off her bikini, thinking,

"That's probably the last time I'll be wearing something with this much cloth to the beach," thought Erica, as she made her way to the bathroom to shower. Amazed at the size of the shower, she stepped in and allowed the pulsating water to rinse away her fatigue, and began to feel like she was on vacation. Washing her softly curved body, she soaped the ultra-sensitive nipples of her c-cup breasts. Gently tweaking her own nipples, she felt herself getting moist. Lathering her stomach, and even further down, Erica slipped her finger into her slick pussy and reveled in the exquisite sensation. Slowly stroking herself, she inserted another finger, while her other hand lingered on her breast, gently pinching her nipple. Stroking herself feverishly now, she felt her orgasm building in the bottoms of her feet, up through her calves, into her thighs, and finally exploding in her clenching pussy. As the wave subsided, she continued plunging her fingers in and out of her cunt, pinching her nipple even harder, and brought herself to another incredible climax. Slumping against the side of the shower, Erica smiled as the soft aftershocks drifted through her body. Finishing her shower, Erica simply lay on the luxurious, king-sized bed and went to sleep. 

Day 2

Erica awoke to sunlight streaming through her window, and took a minute to get oriented. 

"Oh yeah. I'm in Jamaica!" she thought, stretching languidly and loving the feel of the satin sheets on her naked body. Opting for a white string bikini, she grabbed her beach supplies and headed out. Approaching the elevator, she remembered yesterday's encounter with the couple getting it on in the elevator, and wondered what they were up to today. When the doors opened, she saw two guys and one other girl. The guys were wearing Speedos, and the girl had on a bikini bottom but no top. She had beautiful full breasts that were obviously natural by their slight sag. Her nipples stood at attention and she smiled broadly as Erica entered the elevator.

"Hi. I'm Jenny," the girl said.

"I'm Erica. This is my first trip here," said Erica.

The guys introduced themselves as Larry and Jeff, from Atlanta. Both were in Jamaica for the first time, too.

"So, where you headed this morning?" Jenny asked Erica.

"I haven't eaten since Sunday night, so I'm starved," answered Erica.

"Me too. The hotel breakfast buffet is great. If you'd like some company, I'd be glad to come along," said Jenny as the elevator arrived at the lobby.

"That would be nice," replied Erica. "I'm still a little self-conscious about this whole scene. I'm not a prude or anything, but it takes a little getting used to."

"I know what you mean. This is my third vacation here, and this is as brave as I've gotten," said Jenny as they entered the hotel dining room.

They found a table after loading their plates with delectable fruits and breakfast pastries, and began to get to know each other. As it turned out, they only lived about one hundred miles apart and had several common interests. Finishing their breakfast, Jenny gave Erica a hug and her cell number, rushing off to an appointment, and leaving Erica to her own devices. Undecided as to the beach or pool, Erica decided on the beach, and made her way around both pools to get to the sandy strip of paradise. 

Very few people were out at this point, and this suited Erica just fine. She wanted some seclusion in order to build up her courage, and to gauge the crowd's activities before doing anything rash. She spread her towel and lay on her stomach in order to people watch as unobtrusively as possible. As the morning passed, people drifted to the beach in pairs, threes, singles, and one party of about eight. There was plenty of room, so no one crowded anyone else. Very few of the crowd wore any clothes at all, and what did soon discarded them. The one thing that stuck in Erica's mind was the absolute beauty of the people on the beach -- no flabby old men, no sagging breasts. Everyone was toned, tanned, and the picture of youthful health. Frank and Vickie sure knew how to pick their places to play!

Erica decided to get into the water and cool off before taking off her bikini. Wading into the gentle waves, she splashed herself to get her upper body wet and realized that her bikini was transparent when it got wet. Smiling to herself, she was aware that several men had stopped to stare at her as she exited the water. Her nipples were putting on their usual display, and the thong bottom did little to hide her charms. 

Aware that partial nudity is sometimes sexier than complete nudity, Erica took her time getting back to her towel, giving her impromptu audience a chance to take in all her charms. She could feel her nipples pushing against the transparent fabric if her bikini top. She knew the swell of her ass cheeks was just as sexy, having made a special effort in the gym to work on her glutes. Time spent in the tanning booth paid off, as she showed no tan lines to her onlookers. All in all, Erica was quite a sight to see as she walked across the packed sand to her blanket.

As she approached her blanket, she caught the eye of two athletic looking young men staring openly. She flashed them her best smile and said, "Why don't you come over and keep me company?"

Without hesitation, the two guys came over and introduced themselves. "I'm Greg and this is Larry. We work at different hotels on the strip, but come here on our days off because this is the hottest beach at this resort."

Erica replied, "Well, I'm Erica and there is some pretty hot action here. Still this is my first trip. Why don't we go take in the sights on this hot beach?"

Eagerly, Larry and Greg agreed and the three began to stroll down the beach, getting to know each other, as well as people watching. The first couple they saw was fucking doggie style, with the woman moaning incessantly. As the group approached, they saw the reason for her moans. She was being fucked in the ass, and her lover had a huge cock. They had just reached their rhythm, the guy having sunk his shaft in to the hilt, and getting the most out of each thrust. The girl's eyes were half closed and she barely noticed Erica kneeling in front of her. Erica managed to plant a wet, sexy kiss on the other girl's slack lips before she knew what was happening. This overt act roused her from her trance-like state and she responded to Erica's kiss passionately. Her partner increased his pumping and asked Erica to join them. She thanked him but moved on.

Larry and Greg saw the next hot scene, and steered Erica to the people crowded around what turned out to be three absolutely gorgeous girls participating in a three-way cumfest. They were competing with each other to see how many cocks they could fellate into cumming. The crowd contained mostly men, but several women were doing their own competing. Each of the cocksuckers had cum dripping from her chin, onto her breasts, but they were enthusiastic in their quest. 

Erica felt Larry and Greg's hands roaming over her back and eventually her ass. Since her bikini was a thong, that was no stretch. It didn't take long for her juices to start flowing. She turned to Larry and kissed him passionately, while Greg eased up behind her and rubbed his Speedo-covered dick against her ass. He reached around and found her prominent, ultra-sensitive nipples, pinching them gently. Erica broke her kiss with Larry and said huskily, 

"I'm not ready for public sex yet, but I am ready to take you two to my room."

As one, they began the short walk back to the hotel. When they passed the pool, it seemed that every guest was either fucking or getting fucked, a fact that only heightened the trio's urge to copulate. Entering the empty elevator, they embraced again, with Erica grasping a cock in each hand, while one pair of hands removed her bikini top and another pulled off her bottom. Tongues found each other, necks, tits, ears, and every other sensuous patch of skin. By the time they reached the twelfth floor, Erica was almost at the bursting point. They ran out of the elevator to her room and flung open the door. Quickly undressing, the two guys didn't know where to start, so Erica solved their dilemma.

"Which one of you is the best kisser?" she asked

"I am," said Greg.

"O.K. Prove it," said Erica as she lay on the bed on her back.

Greg wasted no time crawling between those silken thighs that he had been lusting after for hours. He began by kissing her navel and working his way down, taking his time, but insistent in his progress towards her smoothly shaven cunt. Gently, using the tip of his talented tongue, he kissed her outer lips from top to bottom and back up. When he got back to the top of her pussy, Greg found Erica's clit protruding proudly from its hood as if to say, "Kiss me!" which he did.

Larry had positioned himself beside Erica's upper body, his dick extending over her breasts. Precum had begun to form on the head and began to drip onto Erica's sensitive nipples. As he used his cock to rub the slick fluid, Erica began stroking his balls. Finally, she grabbed his dick and swallowed it in one movement. Larry was amazed at the ease with which she had deep-throated him and reveled in the sensation. Looking down at the scene developing below, along with Erica's vacuum-like blowjob, caused Larry to cum almost immediately. 

Erica, who had her attention directed on the tongue fucking she was receiving from Greg, wasn't prepared for the outpouring of cum. Greg had kissed her clit with enthusiasm and now used his lips to put exquisite pressure on it, driving Erica over the edge. Larry pulled his dick out of Erica's mouth and began massaging her tits with his jism. Erica thought she would never quit exploding on Greg's tongue, and was almost unconscious by the time her orgasm subsided.

When she roused, Larry was on one side of her and Greg on the other. Both had looks of concern on their face. Erica smiled sleepily and kissed each in turn.

"You guys are great. Do you give all the tourist girls you pick up such royal treatment?" she asked playfully.

"Only the ones who are as smokin' hot as you," said Larry, as he began to fondle her breast.

"Keep that up and you'll have to do it all over again," said Erica as she sat up. "I have a special request, but I'll tell you about it in the shower."

Both guys followed Erica's sexy, swaying ass into the bathroom, led by their hard dicks and lustful thoughts. The shower was plenty big for the three of them and soon, warm water, scented soap, and body friction had heated the bathroom quite nicely. Erica took her time, soaping first Larry and then Greg, fondling them and stroking their ever-hardening dicks. Greg, who had not climaxed, was beginning to feel the pressure in his balls rise up towards his fully hard dick. Facing Erica, he kissed her lovingly and told her, "I'm about to explode. You gotta do something!"

Erica, quite aware of Greg's predicament, knelt in front of him and licked around the mushroom-shaped head of his cock. 

"You have a lovely dick," she said matter-of-factly, as she swallowed his entire length down her velvet throat. Just a few seconds of tongue massage and lip pressure drove Greg over the edge and he shot a tremendous load down Erica's throat. She looked up at him coyly and asked, "All better now?"

Greg could only nod in affirmation, as Larry helped Erica to her feet and began to soap her exquisite body. Feeling her juices beginning to flow again, Erica told the guys, "Look, I have a special request and getting all hot and bothered again will only get in the way of our pleasure. Let's dry off, order some room service, and continue this conversation."

They quickly toweled each other off, with pauses and slow rubbing in special places. Erica ordered sandwiches and drinks for them, and while they waited, she seated the guys on the room's chairs and knelt between them. Looking at them, she began her "request."

"Have either of you ever fucked a girl in the ass?" she asked.

Looking at each other, they said, "NO," in unison, and then Larry spoke up, "We've talked about it, even fantasized about it, but the occasion hasn't arisen yet."

"Well it's about to. That's my special request. I want one or both of you to take my anal cherry," Erica said.

The guys began to grin and Greg spoke up, "Who goes first?"

"That's the problem," replied Erica. "I don't know which of you can do the best job so that we both enjoy it. I guess further research is in order." With that she began running her hands along Greg's thighs and up to his sack. Seeing his dick begin rising of its own volition, she made a purring sound and began to lick his balls and the underside of his shaft. Larry took the opportunity to get behind Erica and begin rubbing her pussy from behind. Her juices had never seemed to stop flowing from the time they left the beach, and she was super slick by this time. Larry smeared some of the lubrication from her pussy to her asshole and was about to slip a finger up the virgin chute when there was a knock on the door. 

Larry got up, padded to the door and opened it without thinking or attempting to cover his nudity. It didn't matter anyway, as the room service waitress looked past him to Erica and Greg, and breezed into the room as if she was blind to the scene in front of her. Erica had taken Greg's dick from her mouth and was holding it like a prize lollipop when the waitress said, "Don't stop because of me. I've seen it all." 

The three did stop to admire the creature before them. She was obviously a local, but every bit as shapely and beautiful as the guests at the resort. Her uniform did justice to her body, as it was short, stretchy, and sexy. Each curve, of which there were plenty, was outlined by the fabric. Her nipples stood out like raisins, and her ass betrayed no panty line. Bending over to set the tray on a small table, she flashed the trio and looked them in the eyes and said, "I'm Mari and I think I've interrupted you in your pleasure. I'll leave now."
