 Welcome to chapter five of Ericka's Adventures. This story is serialized so I would highly recommend starting with first four chapters if you haven't already read them. The Ericka's Adventures series follows Ericka on a journey of sexual awakening through her college years and beyond. As mentioned previously, these stories will touch upon various themes including group sex, lesbian sex, interracial sex, light BDSM, pregnancy risk, infidelity and cuckolding. I hope you enjoy reading about Ericka's Adventures as much as I enjoy creating them. 

***

The next morning Ericka awoke to an empty room. She looked at Kim's alarm and noted it was after 10am. She never slept that late but the mix of alcohol and two deep fuckings from Mike the night before must have forced her body to recharge. 

Ericka pulled back the blankets and looked embarrassingly at the huge white stain she had created on Kim's navy blue futon mattress. Ericka had an unfathomable amount of cum in her from two huge Mike loads which must have leaked from her pussy throughout the night. 

Ericka noticed Kim's desk chair was pulled out and that her handbag was sitting on it and, beside her handbag, was a neatly folded sweatshirt, yoga pants and a pair of flip flops. 

Ericka looked down at her naked form beneath the cardigan sweater, glanced at the miniskirt and 4" heels beside her and then back at the clothing by her handbag. She had a guardian angel it seemed. 

Ericka stood up, rolled down the thigh high stockings which were crusty with cum, and took off the sweater. Once again sore from a huge cock pounding, she gingerly walked toward the clothing left for her.

As she did so, Ericka paused to admire herself in Kim's mirror as she had taken to do more frequently since she started fucking Mike. She turned, looking at her beautiful naked form from a few angles. A sexual Goddess. 

After dressing, Ericka tossed the remnants of her Halloween costume into her over sized handbag and exited Kim's room. She was surprised to find the apartment empty. 

Ericka walked into the kitchen, desperately in search of something to drink that didn't contain alcohol. 

After pouring herself a glass of orange juice and drinking it quickly, Ericka noticed her garter on the center island. Beneath it was a note that read:

***

E - Starving so went 4 breakfast. Waited as long as we could sleepy head, but I'd prolly need the sleep too if I had the night u did! We'll be at The Chalet (unless wait is too long) if u care to join us. If not, will call u L8R. Hope u had fun last night. I'm sure u did u sexy slut!!

X0x0

- J

(P.S. Boys stayed and girls left, so Mike is sans bitch 2nite)

***

Ericka was hungry, and considered joining them at The Chalet. The place sounded fancier than it was. In reality it was your typical college town greasy spoon diner. 

But, the 24/7 availability, delicious food and large portions were the perfect combination for college kids. Too perfect on the night after Halloween, Ericka thought. It would be crowded. 

Ericka decided that she would just eat at home. And school work was piling up so best to get a jump start before, hopefully, another night with Mike's large cock filling her. 

After the two rounds of deep dicking Mike gave her the night before, Ericka felt thoroughly satisfied and therefore figured she could actually hit the books for several hours without her mind wandering so far that the beckon call of her large dildo and recently purchased stash of pornos would be too much to resist as they had been for the past couple weeks. 

Her mind made up, Ericka grabbed her stuff, discarded the note, walked to her car and then drove to her apartment.

As Ericka walked the final few steps to her apartment after parking her car on the street, she realized how sore her legs were. 

A long night in 4" heels capped off by the sexual gymnastics she performed on Mike's huge cock under the cover of darkness must have taken their toll. 

And Ericka felt the unmistakable sensation of a sore, swollen pussy that came with every stretching from Mike's monster. 

Ericka had trouble categorizing the feeling. It didn't hurt. In fact, she liked it. But her pussy always felt different after Mike was done with it. In fact, it felt different all the time now. It was a good different. But she also wondered if Mike had changed her forever. 

Ericka thought back to the recent hook up with the hot guy at the house party. "What was his name?" she wondered. "Fuck. Did I ever know? Wait. Jason? No, it was Jay. Yes, Jay. God I'm a fucking slut," she continued aloud. 

Ericka thought about how this nice, attractive guy with by, normal standards, a nice cock was laughable to her. She qualified her assessment that the average five inch cock was perfectly adequate for most girls, and a six inch cock would be a real treat, but not for her. 

She thought about her life before Mike. Six inches was longer than the average male penis and each of her former lovers. Bigger than average should be good, right? 

No, the sexual Goddess needed much, much more. Ericka was indeed changed, she concluded. 

Ericka continued the thought process. Certainly she was changed sexually. She wondered if she was also changed physically. 

Was Ericka's once tight, petite pussy permanently stretched out? Resigning herself to the fact that she was indeed a size queen, Ericka supposed it didn't matter. Ericka only wanted huge cocks now. Her pussy had simply changed to accommodate her new normal.

As she closed the door behind her, Ericka dropped her handbag on her dinette table and began stripping off her borrowed clothes. She liked being naked now. It seemed to compliment the sexual progression she was undergoing. 

Ericka's legs still aching, the thought of standing in the shower seemed unbearable to Ericka, yet she knew she needed to clean up. She could feel massive amounts of last night's cum dried and crusted on her inner thighs. 

Ericka decided a hot bath would be a good compromise and proceeded to walk into her bathroom. 

As she drew the bath, Ericka went back into her living room and turned on her stereo, connecting her phone via Bluetooth. 

Ericka scrolled through her music and settled on some early Miles. The soundtrack to the 1957 French Film "Ascenseur pour l'échafaud" was something her father turned her onto at a young age and it always provided the rare combination of relaxed focus she was presently seeking. 

Ericka turned the music up so she could hear it in the bathroom, then returned and slipped into the tub.

After a prolonged bath, Ericka toweled off and covered herself with a robe and headed to her kitchen. 

Ericka fixed herself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, switched to a different jazz playlist, turned the music down to an acceptable level and then plunked down on her couch with her book bag. 

Ericka was deep in her research for a paper due the following week when the music cut out and she heard her phone ring. 

Ericka was making good progress and didn't want to be disrupted so she let it go to voicemail. 

As soon as the ringing stopped, a series of text messages arrived. Ericka ignored them as well. She assumed it was Jen checking in with her and decided she would call her back later after she reached a good stopping point in her school work, despite being eager to hear what the plans were for the evening. 

The notion that Mike was still in town, but without his girlfriend, was exciting. Ericka was confident that she was the only reason Mike stayed behind and that they would be together again that night. 

As much as she desired him right that very moment, every moment really, Ericka liked the subtle masochism in making herself wait. 

If Ericka read Jen's note correctly, "the boys" stayed in town so Mike had both Matt and Taylor to occupy him for a few hours while she studied, so she did just that.

Before she knew it, Ericka realized it was evening and getting dark quickly. Satisfied that she made ample progress on the research for her paper, she closed her books and laptop and fetched her phone. 

Ericka scrolled through her text messages, skipping past those from her mother and a few other friends. 

Ericka opened the messages from Jen and got caught up on what she had missed. 

After their brunch, the group had decided to go to the football game at noon. Apparently they took quite the beating at the hand of a conference rival, but Ericka could mostly care less. 

Ericka laughed at the thought that the only sport she presently cared for was fucking Mike's big dick. 

The group was now at a sports bar having some beers and shooting the shit while the guys watched the bevy of college football action on the bar's numerous TVs. 

Ericka responded.

Ericka: "Hey. Was heads down studying 4 a while. Game sucked huh? U guys still there?"

Jen: "Yes. Game blew. We r still here 4 a while. Prolly will eat dinner here. U coming??"

Ericka: "I need 2 shower and get cleaned up first."

Jen: "Lazy ass. Mike is getting anxious! :P He wants that cute little pussy of urs!"

Ericka: "OMG stop it!"

Jen: "haha. C u soon."

Ericka actually couldn't see Mike really saying that. In fact, he didn't say much. He didn't have to, she thought. His huge cock did all the talking. 

But it was flattering to think that Mike probably did inquire about her whereabouts and Jen, with sharp intuition, read the inquiry as that of sexual in nature and proceeded to translate it the crass way only she could. 

Ericka was hungry, but the thought of pub grub wasn't enticing to her so she decided to fix herself a healthier option at home before joining them. 

Ericka imagined the pitchers of beer littering their table at the bar, so it was the least she could do to offset the empty calories. 

Ericka had gotten in the practice of having one or two "cook days" per week, where she would prepare multiple meals at once so she had easily accessible, fast, delicious and healthy options at her fingertips, something ideal for the hectic lifestyle of a college student. 

Ericka pulled out a previously cooked chicken breast and chopped it into cubes on her cutting board. 

Next Ericka pulled a half full bag of mixed field greens from her fridge and dropped the remainder into a large bowl, and topped it with the chicken. 

Finally, Ericka added some previously sliced carrots and cucumber, and then topped it with a homemade lemon vinaigrette. 

Ericka sat down at her dinette table and ate the salad as she thumbed through the previously ignored messages on her phone. 

Her mom was just saying "hello" and messages from other friends ranged from the serious to the inane. 

Ericka laughed at a series of photos one friend at another university had sent detailing their Halloween shenanigans. 

Only because her friend had asked, Ericka replied with a group picture the girls had taken earlier the previous evening showing off their slutty schoolgirl outfits. 

Ericka was thinking to herself how risque that picture looked in and of itself. Then considered that much of what happened later that night was downright pornographic. 

Ericka was glad there wasn't photographic evidence of that. Or was she? Ericka reversed course and thought she and Mike could make a hell of a porn video together.

Suddenly, her friend replied with "Holy shit girl you look HOT! I bet you had to beat the boys back with a stick last night! LOLOL!" 

Ericka thought to herself that she did other things with "a stick" that most all of her friends, with the exception of Jen, would find impossible to believe. 

After all, she had always been the smart, pragmatic one. And beautiful, yes, but while not exactly "goody two shoes", certainly not the closeted size queen mega slut that she really was. 

Ericka hoped her true identity would remain a secret to all but Jen as she finished her salad and cleaned up.

As Ericka moved back toward her bedroom, she dropped her robe to the living room floor and then proceeded into her bathroom and turned on her shower. 

Standing naked in front of her vanity, Ericka undid the braids from the night before, first removing the bows that had miraculously stayed in place through a full night of partying and extreme sex. 

Ericka turned and looked at the full length mirror on the back of her bathroom door and revered her gorgeous naked form for a few moments. And then she began to feel horny. 

Suddenly feeling the strong desire to masturbate, Ericka went into her bedroom and fetched her dildo from her bed stand. 

Intending to use it on herself in the shower, she decided some extra assistance may be required so she also grabbed the tube of lubricant she had purchased but rarely used due to her pussy's stunning ability to produce significant juices all the time. 

Ericka climbed into the shower with her toy and let the water run over them both. She decided it was best to wash herself first before she played. 

After doing so, Ericka closed her eyes and kissed the dildo, imagining it was Mike, before taking it into her mouth. 

Ericka had never actually sucked the dildo before and, while lengthy, it wasn't particularly thick and so she was able to easily get it into her mouth, something she simply couldn't do with Mike's enormous girth. 

Ericka sucked it for several minutes, not quite deep throating it like the girls in her porn movies could, but certainly taking more of it into her throat than she ever had done with a real cock. 

As she did this, Ericka worked fingers in and out of her pussy, which was dripping with pleasure, and around her swollen clitoris. Occasionally Ericka would slip a finger into her ass, something she had only recently begun experimenting with. 

Ericka backed out from underneath the running water, removed the dildo from her mouth and squeezed a generous amount of lube onto the shaft, spreading it with her hand, as she leaned back against the shower wall. 

Propping one leg up on the edge of the tub, Ericka slid the dildo into her pussy with ease. Mike's substantial girth had definitely stretched her out and, while it felt good, the dildo's inability to stretch her like Mike could was noticeable. 

Still, Ericka moaned as she pushed the life-like object deep inside her. 

Ericka fucked her still tender pussy with the dildo as she continued exploring her ass, working a second finger into herself and exhaling deeply at the feeling of being stimulated in both places simultaneously. 

Ericka's excitement level increased and she decided to take this newfound sensation further. Removing the dildo from her pussy, Ericka liberally applied more lubricant and then turned around to face the back of the shower. Leaning forward at the waist, Ericka laid one arm on the shower wall above her and moved the other behind her. 

Spreading her legs as wide as they would go in the shower, Ericka pressed the tip of the dildo against her asshole. Her body offered more resistance to its size than it did her fingers. 

Despite how turned on she was, she recognized that she was also very tense. Ericka used her free arm to pull her left ass cheek, opening herself slightly as she pressed more firmly with the dildo. 

The maneuver worked. Ericka felt the tip of the dildo pop inside her. The dildo, while not very thick, was still wider than the fingers she or Mike had used on her previously, causing her to moan loudly. 

Ericka concentrated on relaxing the muscles within her. The dildo was modeled after a circumcised penis and the shaft was slightly less thick than the head. With the head already inside her, it moved forward with slightly less resistance. 

Ericka managed to insert it a few inches, going slowly to avoid any sudden discomfort, then began to then slide it in and out of her. 

After a few minutes, Ericka was moaning loudly and attempted to push it deeper inside her but the angle of her arm behind her made this challenging, so she decided to employ the suction base. 

At first Ericka suctioned it to the shower wall and attempted to back up against the dildo, but her general inexperience at anal play and the somewhat floppy nature of the dildo made this challenging as well. 

After a few failed attempts, Ericka moved the dildo to the shower floor, reapplied lubricant, and slowly lowered herself onto it. Ericka quickly regained the depth she had achieved when inserting it by hand. 

Feeling confident it wouldn't pop out, Ericka dropped to her knees and pushed down. She realized that concentration was required and used a combination of measured breathing and muscle relaxation as she worked her body down onto the dildo. 

Ericka felt another pop as it pushed past some unknown anatomical barrier and suddenly she her ass dropped all the way to the base. As this happened, the words "Fuck yes" escaped her lips uncontrollably. 

All of the dildo now inside her, Ericka slowly moved back up its length and then back down again once she neared the tip. 

Ericka began riding hard and was overwhelmed by the sensation of the dildo probing unknown spaces inside her. She moved swiftly up and down for a few minutes and then moved to the balls of her feet, riding it much as she had Mike the night before. 

Ericka held onto the edge of the tub with one hand to steady herself and began rubbing her clit intensely while slipping fingers into her soaked pussy using her other hand. 

Ericka kept this up for several minutes. Having avoided any and all anal exploration until Mike's arrival, she was surprised at just how much she liked it. 

Ericka wasn't shocked, however, as she knew Mike had awakened and inner sexual beast in her that seemingly knew no bounds. 

Ericka imagined Mike's huge cock inside her while the dildo was in her ass. Would both fit, she wondered? Mike was significantly bigger than the dildo, but could she take him in her ass? She wasn't sure but was willing to find out. 

The thought of this coupled with the simultaneous stimulation of her clit, pussy and ass was suddenly overwhelming and with little warning Ericka exploded in orgasm. She attempted to ride the dildo through it, but it was too much. 

Ericka's body quivered and shook uncontrollably, and as she lifted off of the dildo her legs gave out and she collapsed on the shower floor. 

Breathing heavily, Ericka laid under the stream of warm water for several minutes, waves of intense pleasure washing over her as her mind raced at the thoughts and implications of the new sexual frontier she had just entered. 

After a few more minutes, Ericka carefully stood and turned the water off, then retrieved her towel and dried herself. 

As she stepped out of the shower, Ericka used the towel to dry her hair one last time as best she could and dropped it to the floor. 

Ericka looked at the clock on her bathroom wall and realized it had been an hour and a half since she exchanged messages with Jen about her joining them. 

While Ericka had thoroughly enjoyed her playtime, she was done with the toys for the night and ready for the real thing. 

Ericka decided she needed to text Jen to confirm they were still there and that she was on her way to join them, so she headed toward her kitchen to fetch her phone, not bothering to dress. 

On the way, she set the dildo and lubricant on her bed stand. While she didn't expect she would be needing it again that night, even after the intense orgasm she just achieved she was still extremely horny and just seeing the dildo turned her on, so she left it in sight just in case.

As Ericka walked out of her bedroom and into her living room she was stopped dead in her tracks. 

At this point, the vision of Mike naked, hard and standing unexpectedly in her living room wouldn't have stunned Ericka too much. Jen had a key to her apartment and wouldn't hesitate to give it to Mike so he could surprise her this way. After all, her pussy belonged to him and he could take it whenever and wherever he wanted it as she was powerless to stop him. 
