 Hi. My name’s Katie, and I’m in a very “interesting” relationship right now. Well, it’s not really that I’m in a relationship at all; it’s more like my life is screwed up. You see, I once went out with this guy, his name’s Erik, but we had to break up. And now he’s going out with this other girl, Cassie, who I absolutely hate. Well, actually, I don’t hate her at all. She’s really pretty nice. I’m just jealous of her. I swear, if you were to hang a bucket from me, I would be dripping jealousy every single moment I saw them together. The fact that I couldn’t have him was irritating to me. It’s not that I thought that I should get everything I wanted...it’s just that when I had him, my parents didn’t want me going out with him. And when he had a girl, they wished that I was going out with him. Will someone please explain the logic to me?

I didn’t have him as a boyfriend, but I was sort of getting what I wanted. Our relationship had started 2 years before when we had had a little “fun” on Halloween. Our relationship continued to progress, even as he went out with Cassie. He’d been going out with her for a little more than a month when “it” first happened. I don't really know how it happened, it just kind of...happened. He’d come over to my house and things had turned sexual...and of course, we were interrupted. We were in the middle of a bj when his mom came over to my house and told him that he had to come home. Damn. Despite setbacks like that, we continued to fool around and he continued to cheat on his girlfriend. 

It was about a month or so since the last time we’d fooled around and it was nearing Erik’s birthday. My friends were urging me to do something special for him. His birthday was four days after Valentines Day, so a surprise party was suggested. I couldn’t do it at my house ‘cause that would have been too obvious. I couldn’t do it at a lot of my friend’s houses for the simple reason that they didn’t know about this little love affair that was going on. Actually, only one person knew. That was my friend Steph. As it turned out, Steph’s dad and his fiancé would be on their honeymoon on the 18th, meaning that Steph had the house all to herself. She could have friends over...and she could casually disappear once things got interesting. Erik was friends with her...sort of. They knew each other to some extent. I ended up having her arrange for Erik to come over to her house for god-knows-what on the night of his birthday. I have no clue what she said in order to get him over there. All I know was that she had convinced him to come over and she acted like she had no clue that it was his birthday. Yeah, right.

Well, anyway, the night of his birthday arrived. It was a Tuesday night and I’d canceled my piano lessons so that I could get to Steph’s house extra early. By 7 p.m. we’d spruced up her house with balloons and banners announcing “Happy Birthday Erik!” It’d be an interesting night, to say the least. Steph had informed Erik that the house might be dark if we were watching TV, but he should still ring the doorbell and we’d come get him. He arrived at around 7:30. The whole house was dark; not a single light was on. However, that wasn’t because we wanted to surprise him -- a surprise snowstorm had knocked out the power for the whole town. When the doorbell rang, Steph and I ran to get it, trying not to trip over anything on our way there. We let him in, surprised the hell out of him with the birthday stuff, and led him downstairs. It proved to be quite a feat to do that with the lights off, but we managed. Erik and I positioned ourselves on a couch down there so we could talk. The phones were still working and Steph wanted to call her parents and tell them that Erik and I had gotten there safely, despite the snowstorm. At least that’s what she told Erik. I didn’t believe her. It didn’t seem like her to care whether or not they knew. It DID seem a whole lot like her to leave Erik and I alone to have some fun. 

Steph went upstairs to make the call, leaving Erik and I downstairs with nothing to do. At least nothing to do that was morally right. But oh well. Roman Catholics and Lutherans and practically every other religion teach the believers to wait until marriage to do anything vaguely sexual. Well, I’d already broken that part of the moral code, so why not break the part that says that you shouldn’t fool around with other people’s boyfriends?

Since we didn’t really have much more to do, we started to talk. Jumping right into something sexual would have been a little too much, even for me.

“So how’s your life?” I have GOT to stop saying that.

“It’s ok.”

“That’s good.”

“Were you surprised that we remembered your birthday?”

“Yeah, most of my friends forgot and you didn’t say anything earlier, so...”

“Well, I didn’t forget.”

“I see that. It surprised me.”

“And what I’m gonna do next is probably gonna surprise you even more...”

“Really now...what’s th--” he never got to finish the sentence as I leaned over and kissed him. I couldn’t speak for him, but I had been horny all night. Before Erik arrived and before the power failed, Steph and I had been looking at and reading porn. We weren’t planning on relieving our “tension” together, so we both just sat there and read/looked and got nice and “worked up.”

Erik immediately responded to my kissing by kissing back with a passion all his own. We both jumped apart when we heard someone coming down the stairs. I played along, letting Erik think that I didn’t want Steph to catch us. 

“Hey, guys...I’m gonna turn on some music and stuff.”

“The power’s out...”

“Yeah, and that’s what batteries are for...and I’m gonna call Bobby since I have nothing to do. Katie, can you give me his number?” Bobby was a guy that I’d met online a few weeks ago. He went to the local community college and Steph, Lisa, and I had gone to Borders to meet him. He was an ok guy who worked as a bouncer in a strip club. My parents would have died if I even thought about going out with him. But Steph’s parents didn’t really care what she did, so....

“It’s 473-7446...”

“Are you sure? Most of the numbers in this area don’t start with 473...”

“Not the CELL phone numbers...”

“Oh yeah. Anyway, I’m gonna go call him,” she said as she winked to me.

Before she left us alone in the basement, she turned on her stereo. I had almost expected her to turn on the radio, but she put in a Madonna CD. When the music started, I had no problem recognizing the song as “Erotica.” I knew that one of her stereo buttons was broken, which caused the stereo to repeat the same some over and over. To change the song, you’d have to get up and manually push the “next” button. I planned on being too occupied later that night to change the song -- so we’d be listening to “Erotica” all night.

To say that what Steph was trying to do was obvious would have been putting it kindly. 

“Now where were we?” I asked as I leaned in for another kiss. 

“How about doing exactly what the song says?” That made us both jump and look over to the stairs, “Jeez! Can’t you even wait until I get the phone to start the phone call?”

The song echoed in the background, “Erotic, erotic, put your hands all over my body...”

Her only cordless phone was in the basement, and it made sense that she would want to use it. Steph quickly retrieved the phone and went back upstairs.

“Great,” Erik sat back, clearly worried that Steph would rat on us.

“Don’t worry about it. She could care less what goes on, you know that. AND she’s a hell of a lot better at keeping secrets than Lisa is...” My friend Lisa had a tendency to tell the whole school every detail about my love life, while Steph usually kept her mouth shut.

“Yeah, I guess...”

“And like they say, if you know you’re gonna get screwed for something that you’re doing, at least enjoy it while it lasts...”

“Sure...” he didn’t sound very sure.

Steph had made it back upstairs and we could hear her talking to Bobby on the phone. In all actuality, Bobby liked me, not Steph --- but whatever would keep her out of my way worked fine with me.

Since she was finally gone, I got up from where I was sitting on the couch and straddled Erik’s body. I lightly planted a kiss on his lips and pulled back. He looked gorgeous that night. By that point, our eyes had become adjusted to the dark and I could see a look of desire shining in his deep brown eyes. His gaze had heat in it. Nothing magical, just the heat that any guy could put into his eyes. That look that said they were wondering what you looked like naked, and if you’d give a good bj. Crude, but accurate. Of course, Erik already knew the answer to those two “questions.”

I leaned forward and kissed him again. I could feel his already-hard cock pressing into my pussy through the fabric of our clothes. I had specifically worn clothes that were thin enough that I would be able to feel him through them. They were made of nylon or some material like that. The pants and shirt were black with gray stripes on the sleeves and down the sides of the legs. It was comfy. And it was VERY easy to get in and out of. That’s always a plus.

As I kissed him, I ground my pelvis against his, causing him to moan into our kiss.

“Isn’t this cheating?”

“Yeah, so?”

With that, I continued to kiss him and we both tried to lie down next to each other on the couch. The couch wasn’t really big enough for the both of us next to each other, so we had to scrunch a little to fit. I knew my neck would kill me the next morning, but right then I didn’t care. 

We resumed making out. Our tongues entwined and I felt Erik’s hand move to the front of my pants. He slipped his hand inside and under my thong and started to stroke my pussy. He had jeans on, like always. After struggling with his jeans for a minute while he sat there and laughed, I finally got the button and zipper undone. I reached my hand under his briefs and lightly started to stroke his cock. It was right then that Erik plunged one of his long fingers deep in my pussy. He pumped those fingers in and out of my pussy as I continued to stroke his cock.

Then he stopped. He withdrew his fingers from my pussy and got off of the couch. Knowing what he wanted, I lay down on my back and looked up at him. He moved on top of me and eased his body down, resting his cock on top of my pussy. He started to gently thrust his body against mine, and I could feel his hard cock move along my pussy. I gasped when I felt his cock pressing against my clit through our clothes. It was absolute heaven. I put one of my arms around his neck, the other on his back, and started to kiss him. I raised my hips to meet his thrusts, causing him to moan low and deep. I smiled, loving the effect that I had on him. I loved the way his hard shaft felt against my pussy as he continued to thrust against me. I don't know what it was that made that my favorite way in the world to make out. Maybe it was the potential of sex in the air, I don’t know. Whatever it was, it definitely made me hornier every single time.

We continued doing that and I could hear Erik’s breathing speeding up, until every breath was a moan in itself. Then he stopped, just like that, leaving us both gasping for air and aching for release.

“What’s wrong?” I asked as he completely moved off the couch.

“Nothing...you wanna try something new?

“Like what?”

“Like me eating you out...”

“Sure.”

“After all, I did promise you that last time...”

Yeah, he had. The second to last time we’d been together, he’d gotten a bj and he’d remarked that he might return the favor the next time we were together. This time seemed as good as any.

I stood up and went over to Erik. I put my arms around him and started to kiss him. I immediately felt his hands reaching for the waistband of my pants and slowly pushing them down. The pants fell around my ankles and I backed up, stepping out of them. I raised my arms as Erik lifted my shirt off of me. We continued making out as he un-clasped my bra. It fell to the floor in a heap with everything else. I returned to the couch and sat on the edge of it, giving Erik full access to every inch of me. Erik slowly peeled my dark blue thong away from my dripping pussy. He pulled it down and off and just sat there for a few moments.

The peaceful moment was interrupted by a voice on the stairs, “Hey, guys, I need to go down there for a sec...Do ya mind?”

“Yeah, we mind, I’M about to go down...”

I grinned. I could hear Steph laughing upstairs. I knew that she’d never meant to come down; she just wanted to see what we would say. 

“She’s not going to come down...” I looked down at Erik.

“You sure?”

“Very.”

With that, he started to eat me out. He wasted no time and went straight for my clit. He sucked it into his mouth and rolled his tongue around it. It felt absolutely wonderful. I put one of my hands on the back of his head, trying to push him closer to my dripping womanhood. My breath was coming in ragged gasps. I was trying to keep my moans to a minimum, as to not alert the whole neighborhood to what we were doing. Just as I could feel my orgasm building inside of me, he reached one of his hands up to my pussy and plunged two of his long digits deep inside me. He pumped them in and out for a little while and then replaced them with his tongue. That triggered my orgasm. I had tried to make myself last longer, but I might as well have been trying to move the sun to a different part of the sky. Erik continued to pleasure me as my pussy clamped down on his tongue. I held his head to my pussy, trying to push his tongue even deeper into me as he licked up my pussy juices.

Once the last waves of pleasure had subsided, I looked over at Erik. He was grinning from ear to ear. “I’m glad you liked that.”

“I really needed that. Thanks.”

By that point, I’d leaned back on the couch. Erik got up from where he was kneeling and sat next to me. Before sitting down, he lightly kissed me. By the time he’d actually sat down, we were again devouring each other’s mouths. I could taste myself on him, but it didn’t bother me. Generally, the vice versa of it bothers guys. They never want to kiss girls after they’ve been given a bj and cum in the girl’s mouths. Hey, if it doesn’t kill me if I swallow it, then it won’t kill them if they taste a little bit of it. Still, most guys seem to think it’s poison. Oh well. Back to the story. 

He sat back on the couch and I had to lean over to kiss him. I put one of my arms out to steady myself. That hand managed to land directly on top of his throbbing cock.

“Would someone like a little tension released?” I teased as I gave his cock a light squeeze.

“Sure,” he paused, “but not by a bj...”

I calmly looked over at him. Before I could register what was happening, I was again on my back with Erik leaning over me. I almost expected him to ask me if I was ok with what was going to happen, but no words were needed to express what could have been said. Before he completely lowered himself on top of me, he stripped off his shirt, jeans, and briefs, leaving him completely naked. When he settled down, I felt his shaft resting at the entrance of my womanhood. It was obvious that he could feel it too as he looked down at me.

“I’m good.” I don’t know why I said it. I was probably trying to convince myself more than him. He knew that I loved him enough to let him be the one to take my virginity. It was me who was the one that needed convincing. I mean, I would have sex with him, but I was still scared. All the other opportunities that I’d ever had (to have sex with someone), I’d chickened out. Of course, I didn’t love any of those other guys as much as I loved Erik, but still… 

Erik gazed deeply into my green eyes as he started to slowly push his cock into me. Stifling a groan, he pushed a few more inches into me. It was about then that he encountered some resistance. He didn’t hesitate whatsoever and plunged his cock in to the hilt, breaking through my maidenhood. I felt it, but it didn’t really hurt. It was a quick pain for a few seconds and then it was gone. Bracing himself up with one arm and being careful not to pull his cock all the way out, Erik extended his other arm between our bodies to stroke my clit. Within seconds, he had me gasping as pleasure coursed through my body. He removed his hand and started to slowly move his cock in and out of my pussy. He leaned down to kiss me and with every thrust, I could feel his heart pounding in his chest. As he continued to get more and more aroused, he increased his tempo, until he was furiously pumping his cock in and out of me. I could feel my orgasm rising within me and knew he couldn’t be much farther behind. With one final extra-deep thrust, he came. I could feel his body convulse on top of me as the waves of his orgasm wracked his body. His cum shot out of his cock into my pussy, which triggered my own orgasm. My pussy gripped his cock like a vice as we both rode out our orgasms. When he had finished, he collapsed on top of me. 

We laid there for a while, just enjoying each other’s company. Then it clicked that we were in my friend’s house and we would have to get dressed. And another thing clicked on - the lights. The power had been fixed. 30 minutes later, we climbed off the couch and into our clothes. Going upstairs, we found Steph asleep on the couch.

Erik had to leave soon after that. I didn’t want him to go, but since he wasn’t really mine to begin with, I couldn’t really make him stay. He had to get home so that he could get to sleep in order to wake up early for school the next morning. Since I also had to get up for school, I went home too.

The following Saturday, Erik was having a b-day party at his house. The first thing I remember about that day was the phone ringing, jolting me out of my sleep. Being the only one home, I reached over to my nightstand to answer the phone. I then glanced over at my alarm - 7:00 a.m. It was too early to be up on a Saturday.

“Hello?” I said groggily.

“Hi Katie. This is Erik’s mom.”

“Oh hi.”

“Erik told you that he was having Cassie and another friend over for a party today, right?”

“Sure.”

“Well, he’d been planning on calling you and asking you to come, but I guess he forgot. So...do you want to come?” It occurred to me that she didn’t know what had gone on a few days prior. She probably thought that I’d forgotten all about Erik’s birthday. 

“Sure, why not...”

“Ok, well, Cassie’s already here, preparing for the party. Why don’t you come over around noon?”

“Ok, see ya then.”

“Bye.”

“Bye.” 

I ended up going over to their house a little before noon. Erik’s mom was on the phone when I got there and proceeded to mouth the word “upstairs.” I ascended the stairs quietly, not wanting to disturb any “happenings” that might have been going on. As I approached Erik’s doorway, I didn’t want to go in. I could hear some soft laughter and a deep groan radiate from the room. It was like a car crash - you wanted to look...and you didn’t.

I creeped up to the doorway without stepping on any creaky floorboards. What I saw inside surprised me. Erik was standing in front of the bed with Cassie kneeling in front of him, both of them completely nude. Cassie had one of her hands gripping the base of his cock. The other traced circles on his ball sack. Meanwhile, her mouth was going to work on his cock. From the look on Erik’s face, he was no doubt enjoying the treatment he was receiving. As I watched them, it looked like his legs weren’t going to be able to hold him for much longer if Cassie continued at the rate she was going. He soon fell, or should I say “almost toppled,” back onto the bed. Cassie moved with him, never letting his cock slip out of her mouth. From my position, I could clearly see Erik’s facial expression. It looked like Cassie was doing a pretty good job of blowing his mind as well as his cock. Erik tried to stifle his moans as he neared his orgasm.
