 Note: These are chapters 13 and 14 of a very long story. I decided to start doubling up on some of these. 35 chapters so far, with quite a ways to go before the tale is told. It is a wide ranging story with lots of twists and turns, and will eventually touch on interracial sex, dominant women, lesbian sex, true love, group sex, revenge sex, bisexuality and much, much more. I hope you enjoy it. 

And thanks to everyone for the comments and emails. I appreciate them all.

*****

CHAPTER THIRTEEN - Wednesday

The next morning, I was up early again. This lifestyle was definitely agreeing with me. I was sleeping so soundly and waking up completely refreshed. I attributed it to the wonderfully satisfying sex of the nights previous. I had never realized what a robust sex life would do for me.

I was also looking forward to going to work, I thought to myself. I thought again about Mr. Jackson's rough hand – and the other parts of him as well.

I made breakfast again. I found a Belgian Waffle maker in the cupboard and made waffles. Fresh fruit on the side. Coffee.

We ate breakfast much the same as the morning before. Just two days was too soon to call it a routine, but I felt myself settling in. It felt nice.

In the shower afterwards, I remembered a dream I had while spooning against Jana's back – or, parts of a dream I should say.

In my dream, I was making love with a man. I couldn't see his face. He was lying atop me, thrusting into me, his face buried in my hair and neck and shoulder as I was urging him deeper and harder into me. I remember feeling frustrated that my orgasm would not come.

In another flash of what I could remember from he dream, his erect cock was between my breasts, pushing closer and closer to my open mouth. It was an uncircumcised cock, thick and heavy. The head would emerge and retract as it slid between my breasts. I got goose bumps with the thought of it.

After I ran a razor over my lower legs, I reached down and gave myself a quick orgasm with my fingers thinking about uncircumcised cocks thrusting into me.

Lovemaking with Jana was sublime. I adored everything about it. The way it made me feel so feminine, but strong at the same time. And I especially loved how emotionally fulfilling it was, and how she gently controlled me. I felt truly and deeply loved. I hoped she felt the same way.

Even so, there was no doubt about it, I decided, I needed a good old-fashioned fucking. From a man. With a cock. Preferably, I had decided, a cock bigger than the last one I had seen. I needed to see what a big cock was all about. I was pretty sure I would like it.

And then I remembered the harness/dildo thing that... (Jason! Good Lord, had I already forgotten his name?) Jason had bought and left at my old apartment the night Jana had fucked him with it. 

I wondered what it would be like to have Jana use it on me, and I made a quick mental note to grab it tonight when I was at my apartment, tagging things for the movers.

Out of the shower and toweling off my hair, I looked at my phone and checked the time. One of the benefits of moving in with Jana and getting up early was that I had all the time in the world in the mornings. The location of her – our – home cut about 25-30 minutes off my morning commute. I had nearly an hour before I needed to leave for the office.

I was sitting at my dressing counter putting on my makeup when Jana came in, looking hot in a her work clothes. Her skirt was tailored perfectly. It hugged her hips deliciously.

She leaned over and gave me a kiss. I got a peek at her deep cleavage as she did.

"I wish I could be a spider on the wall at your office today." she said, leaning against the marble sink counter. She smiled a wicked little smile at me. "What are you going to wear?"

I thought for a moment. "I think I'm going to go very conservative today. I don't want to seem–" 

"Like a wanton slut in heat?" she helpfully interrupted.

"Like a wanton slut in heat." I agreed.

"I think that's a smart move." she said. "Ok, then. I'm off. I'm still trying to dig out from missing Monday."

I looked up at her. Her beauty pierced me. "I love you Jana Douglas."

"And I love you Erika Thomas."

She was out the door.

Looking through my wardrobe, I picked out my nicest slacks. Prada, black crepe wool, and perfectly tailored. They rode low on my hips and made my ass look fantastic, and they made my legs look a mile long. I don't know how they do it, but good tailoring makes such a dramatic difference. 

They were cut for three-inch heels or they would drag the ground. 

I was about to slip on my black patent leather Monolo's, but spotted my creme-colored, open-toe Louboutin's and had a naughty thought.

What if I were to paint my toenails with fuck-me-red nail polish and let them peek out the toes of my shoes while wearing my very conservative outfit today?

I quickly decided that I had to do it.

I sat down and painted my toenails with a shade of red that was deep, but still fairly bright. No need to go overboard with something whoreish. I hoped that I had time to do my nails before I ran out the door.

While my toenails were still drying, I very carefully slipped on my sheerest, nudest bra, and a simple creme linen blouse. Over that, I pulled on my navy blazer.

I checked my look in the mirror and considered my hair. Maybe pull it up in a severe bun? A playful ponytail? As I played with it, I decided it was time for a trip to the stylist. Maybe even time for a new style.

I settled on a wide, silver beret that pulled my hair behind my ears and held it so that it fell down my back. I had to remind myself that I was going for conservative, not school-marmish or school-girlish.

And with that in mind, I decided not to do the nails on my hands with the same shade of red I had done my toes with. I wanted to have just a hint of 'oh-my-goodness-what-is-going-on-under-there', and the toenails accomplished that to perfection.

I set off to the office, knowing that I would arrive fairly early.

As I strode through the lobby of our building, the security guard Jerome let out a low whistle. "Ohhhh Mizz Thomas, you lookin' fiii-iii-iiine today."

A three-syllable 'fine'. Most days it was two syllables. My carefully chosen outfit was going to be just fii-ii-ine.

"Thank you, Jerome." I gave him a sweet smile as I walked past his desk, with just a little more bounce in my step.

I settled into my cubicle and began working. It was just outside Mr. Jackson's office. Situated so that he could see into it from his office door, but not from sitting at his desk. His office door was closed most of the time anyway, to keep the distractions to a minimum. 

His personal assistant, Jennifer was across the aisle from me. Jennifer was capable and pleasant. Married with two kids that she adored and talked about just a little too much. She was also a bit of a gossip. I got along with her fine, but I kept my personal business to myself with her. 

She generally arrived earlier than I did from dropping her kids off at school. I was early enough to arrive ahead of her. I had seen a few of my co-workers already at their desks or in the break room.

Mr. Jackson and I did most of our official daily communication via email, and we kept a g-chat window open all day for little things. He used that to ask me questions about deadlines and quick, unofficial progress reports, things like that. I would use it to ask him for hints on case law and the like. It was always professional, but friendly and a bit informal. 

He always addressed me in any communication as E. Corny, but sweet. He could be playful in a businesslike way.

He was a stickler for a clean desk and I always made sure that my desk was neat before I left for the day. I reached in my drawer to get a pen and noticed a little bag of Hershey's Kisses that were there from Valentine's Day.

My immediate thought was to put one on his desk anonymously. "Wouldn't that be cute?" I thought. 

My second thought was that I was a silly girl with a dangerously undisciplined mind. I mentally slapped myself in the face and shouted at my brain to wake up, be alert, do my job and quit being such a ninny.

"Be PROFESSIONAL!" I hissed at myself fiercely.

Part of my duties was to pitch in and help Jennifer on the filing - as my time allowed – which was strictly dictated by how big a case load Mr. Jackson was carrying at the time. At the moment, we were fairly light and didn't have anything big or pressing going on.

So I checked the basket on Jennifer's desk and picked up a stack of files. Mr. Jackson had a simple but rigid filing system: Pink for Personal, Orange for Office, Blue for Billing, etc., etc. 

I separated them into piles, alphabetized them and went about the task of filing them. I saved the Personal files for last. They were kept in a locked cabinet in his office. A key to it was in my desk. 

I decided to wait until he arrived to file them for two reasons. I never go into that file without him in there, and I wanted to make an entrance. 

Conservatively, of course, I thought to myself with a little smile.

It was almost 9:00 and the office was filling up. I went to the breakroom for a cup of coffee.

I am 5' 10 ½" in my bare feet. With these 3" heels on, I am over 6' tall. As I poured my coffee, I wondered just how tall Mr. Jackson was. I decided that he had to be at least 6' 1." I hoped. I knew that he and I were pretty close to eye to eye, but I had never given it any real thought.

I stopped by Brandon's cubicle on my way back to my desk. He was another paralegal and my closest work friend. A few years older than I, he and his long-time partner Bryan were in Jana's big social circle. They frequented the art openings and social events that Jana was always attending. I am very fond of him. I hadn't had the chance to talk with him yesterday.

He was working already, his head in a file. I walked into his cubicle and sat down on the edge of his desk. I sipped my coffee loudly to get his attention.

He looked up. His eyes widened, he pushed back from his desk, and leaned back in his chair. He looked me up and down and gave me a low, soft whistle.

"So, who are you trying to kill today?"

"No one." I smiled across the top of my coffee cup.

"Too bad. You look fantastic. Seriously girl, you got it going on today."

"Thank you Brandon." I said, pleased.

"I have some news."

"Spill it." he commanded.

"I broke up with the boyfriend." I said.

"About fucking time." he muttered under his breath.

Then, brightly, "Oh I'm so sorry! Are you all right? Is there anything I can do? Do you need a shoulder? A hankie? A giant tub of chocolate ice cream?" He grinned.

I stuck my tongue out at him. One of the things I loved about him was his wicked sense of humor. He had a way of keeping things light even when things were heavy.

"Seriously, are you ok?"

"I'm better than ok." I said.

He turned his chin and gave me that look.

"I see that you are." he said. "So, who is the lucky fella?"

"No one." I smiled and batted my eyelashes.

He squinted at me.

"Spill it." he commanded.

"I've moved in with Jana." I told him.

I've never seen Brandon genuinely shocked until then. His jaw dropped open.

He stood up, looked over the cubicles to make sure no one else was listening in. "Moved in, moved in?" he asked, the inference clear.

"Sort of." I allowed.

"What do you mean, 'sort of'?"

I shrugged.

"Goddamit! Girls have it so easy." His voice was low, "I move in with my boyfriend and everyone is 'oooh, look at the little faggot and his sissy boyfriend' and 'OMG! BUTTSEX!', but a pretty girl moves in with another pretty girl and everyone is all 'OMG, that's so fucking hot!'." he ranted. 

His voice softened and he grinned at me. "And they are right, it is pretty fucking hot, even to me. I mean, I'm not completely gay."

I was giggling and trying not to make too much noise with it.

He reached out and took my free hand. "Really, I'm happy for you guys. We'll have you over for dinner soon. I want to hear all about it."

"I would love that. But I don't know if it's a thing or not. I mean, it is a thing but... I do like boys you know."

"As evidenced by the recently discontinued boyfriend." he snarked. "Wait, that was mean."

I giggled.

"I have a date Saturday night – with a man." I said.

"And Jana is ok with that?"

"Of course! It's a double date that she set up!"

He shook his head and cracked a crooked smile. "We have to go to lunch. I have to hear all about this. I'm not going to be able to wait until we can schedule a dinner date."

I nodded. "That's a wonderful idea."

"Now, go away and leave me alone. I have a shit-ton of work to get done."

I turned to leave, then stopped. "I've decided to go to law school in the fall."

He looked up from his work. "Well, aren't we just full of surprises this morning?"

I nodded.

"Well it's about time. You'll be a fantastic attorney. Lunch later?"

"Tomorrow. I have something I have to take care of today."

He nodded and I walked back to my desk feeling buoyant.

I sat down at my desk and got busy with my to-do list. After about 20 minutes, I saw Mr. Jackson walk into his office.

I watched my screen and saw him log into g-chat. I heard as he checked his voice mail – which he always does on speaker phone. Routine messages. Heard him dial his phone and start a conversation with a colleague about a case.

Picking up the stack of Personal files, I walked into his office. He was in an animated, friendly conversation with his colleague.

He looked up as I walked in and did a little double take. I pretended not to notice as I unlocked the cabinet and began filing. I went about my work quietly and efficiently. When I was finished, I walked out silently. He was still talking on the phone. I willed myself to not look his way, but I did put just a little swing in my hips as I walked out.

After a few minutes, I heard him finish his phone call. I realized I was listening obsessively to what was going on in his office and gave myself another mental face-slap to shut it down and get busy working.

So that's what I did. I dug into my list and started knocking them out.

After about 40 minutes, I checked my email. There was one from Mr. Jackson. It detailed the new law school attendance policy. I looked it over carefully. He had modified a couple of things. The 'full salary' thing was gone completely, and the 'all employees' thing was changed to 'qualified employees'. I noted that 'qualified' was not defined.

I was a bit disappointed at the changes, but I resisted the urge to march into his office and ask him about them. 'It's his company, he can do whatever he wants.' I thought to myself.

I heard Mr. Jackson call out to Jennifer from his desk. "Jennifer, would you bring me the Thompson file? I have a meeting."

Jennifer left her cubicle carrying the file. Upon her return, she stopped at my cubicle.

"That new policy about law school is pretty cool." She said.

I looked up. "Yes. Very generous."

"You should totally do that. Weren't you accepted last year?"

"Yes. I was."

"It's too good a deal to pass up."

Mr. Jackson walked out, carrying the Thompson file. I made a note to my self that he needed a good briefcase.

"I'll be back after lunch. Don't let the place burn down while I'm out." He said as he walked by.

"Are you going to do it?" She was pressing.

I put down my work and looked up at her. "I'm going to think about it, Jennifer, but it sure is a generous thing for them to do."

I didn't really want to lie to her, but I didn't want her going all over the office running her mouth about my business either.

"If I were you, I'd jump all over it." She said, turning to go back to her desk.

I went back to work.

Mr. Jackson called Jennifer after lunch and told her he was out for the rest of the day. He didn't tell her what he was doing.

I was a little disappointed. I had hoped that he would say something about how I was dressed, and we hadn't even spoken to one other. But, I got a lot done that afternoon. The rest of the day was uneventful.

I drove out to my old apartment after work and went through the apartment tagging things with sticky notes. It was a little wistful.

I had lived there since graduating, and while I had no particular attachment to the place, it had been mine. I was surprised at how little of the things in the apartment I wanted brought over to Jana's.

It occurred to me that giving away virtually everything I owned to Goodwill would make my moving in with Jana a pretty permanent thing.

I considered it for a moment and quickly decided that I was ok with it. It was time to push my life forward and there wasn't anything in the place, aside from my personal things what weren't replaceable. 

I carried a few things out to my car and remembered the dildo/harness thing. I went back to get it, gave it a careful washing and put it in a bag. 

I looked around my apartment one last time. 

I closed the door behind me.

*****

CHAPTER FOURTEEN – Wednesday Evening

When I walked in, Jana gave me a low whistle. "You look like a movie star." she said. "I'll bet choked on his tongue."

"Not a word. He didn't speak to me all day. Not one word." I pouted.

She looked aghast.

"Did he see you at all?"

"Yes, I went to his office to put away some files. He was on the phone. I saw him see me."

"That rat!"

"Well, to be fair, he was out of the office for all but about an hour and a half. And what little chance I had to speak to him, he was either on the phone or Jennifer was there too."

"Well, I think you look absolutely delicious. You painted your toenails. That's a nice touch."

I smiled, please that she noticed. 

Jana and I were eating dinner together. While I was at my apartment finishing up there, she had made dinner - pasta with cream sauce, and a spinach salad.

We ate. We talked about our day.

Jana poured us a glass of wine. I took mine and said, "I'm going to get out of these clothes and then come and clean up the table and kitchen."

"I have something special tonight in regards to your debt. You're going to want to wear something other than sweats and a t-shirt."

Intrigued, I asked, "What do you suggest that I put on?"

"What have you got for lingerie?"

"Not a lot." I admitted. 

She got thoughtful for a moment.

"Ok then, go ahead and put on whatever. I have an errand to run."

And just like that, she was out the door. I looked at the clock. It was nearly 7:00.

I went and changed into sweats and a t-shirt and busied myself in the kitchen, wondering what she had in store. After the table and kitchen were cleaned, I sat down with my laptop. I logged into Facebook and browsed around catching up with my friends. I took a look at my page and noticed that it said I was still in a relationship with Jason.

I thought for a moment and changed it to "Single." Then I browsed the news and the celebrity gossip sites for a few minutes, getting bored quickly.

I put the laptop down and flipped on the TV. I surfed the channels, not finding anything worth watching. I was restless. I watched the clock. I had another glass of wine.

Finally, a few minutes before 9:00, Jana bursts in the door, carrying a large armload of packages. Justin came in behind her with more packages.

"Look who I found!" she exclaimed. 

I remembered what she had said to him the night before.

He looked great. Jeans, a skin tight t-shirt that showed off his impressive abs and cowboy boots.

Jana dumped the packages she was carrying into the armchair and sat down next to me. She put her small hand on my thigh and gave it a little squeeze.

"Ok. Here is what is about to happen. You are going to put on a little show for Justin and I."
