 We only had a couple of days of our stay left before we headed further south to the villa we had rented. Thus far I had been drained by marathon sex sessions on both days of our stay with our old friend Monique, in her cosy and typically rural, French cottage.

Today there was football on the television, at least, I thought, I might see some of the game and I hoped that I might even get some rest. Both women were full of the joys of spring, a spring in their step and a playful glint in their eyes. The last two nights had obviously done the trick.

We chatted and giggled together as Monique, acting as our guide, continued to take us around her pretty and unspoiled part of the country.

Later that evening, I was in heaven, or so I thought, as I poured an ice cold beer out and settled down in front of the telly to watch the game. With two eager and horny women on standby in the next room I wondered how long I would get, but was content to just simply count my blessings.

As I drained my glass I heard giggles coming from the kitchen over the sound of the television, I opened the door to get a refill and both women fell immediately silent. A sly grin was on both their lips as squeezed passed the table and poured another beer, they were obviously hiding something under the there, but as to what I had no clue. 

With a wink Hillary said, "Don't forget your vitamins."

"Of course," I said and dutifully took the blue tablet rolled across the table in my direction.

Half way though the second half they came in, giggling and jiggling like two teenagers, carrying the medium sized cardboard box. It was the same one that was on the step when we returned from the day's trip. 

They had obviously been at the wine and hatching a plot.

"A delivery," said Monique.

Hillary placed it down in front of the sofa and provocatively wiggled her backside, standing between me and the television. I made a great thing of bending around and over her to keep my eyes on the screen. As she bent she pulled her shorts down revealing her bare and curvy butt before snapping them back up, that immediately focused my attention on anything but the game.

"What is the score?" Hillary asked.

"Um, one nil, I think, I dunno..." my concentration had wavered.

As if to put me off further, Monique followed suit, standing by her side, forming a wall between me and the television. She also lowered her shorts, this time a little further so I could just catch a glimpse of her folded and shaved pussy lips. I motioned to peer around her, but keeping my eyes firmly fixed on her naked clam, still pretending to try to watch the game.

She bent down picked up a tube of lube and placed it on the top of the telly, sniffing at the lid and humming.

Hillary reached into the box and drew out a long and thick pink dildo, veined and moulded in the shape of a large cock. She ran it under her nose as if it were a cigar, ran it along the crease of her groin before placing it next to the bottle of lube. She turned to face me, pulled down the front of her shorts to flash her puffy cunt lips, playfully, distracting me yet further.

Next Monique reached deep into the box and slowly pulled out a vibrator, turning it on and waving it around like a light sabre, running it over the camel toe in her tight white shorts. She too dropped the front, exposing her hairless and pouting snatch. Tweaking her clit between thumb and fore finger, she raised them to her nose and sniffed deeply, before snapping her shorts up.

Hillary danced in front of the television, cupping a breast, tweaking the nipple and finally raising the full breast towards her mouth. With a slurping sound she attached her mouth to the nipple, sucking and drawing it to full erection, letting go with a popping sound. She repeated the feat with her other breast.

"I didn't know you could do that," I said.

"You would be surprised at what I can do!" She replied with a glint in her eye and a sexy smile, she raised both breasts together and juggled them up and down, bowing forward as she retreated back to the cardboard box.

The final straw came when they both reached in and pulled out a giant and bendy double ended dildo, wrestling it like a snake. 

I hit the remote, "OK, you win, you have my full attention. So, what else have you got in there?" I said, whilst trying to stifle the rising cock in my shorts.

"All sorts, but you will have to wait and see!" Hillary said excitedly, "tonight is my turn."

Both women sat down next to me and started to disrobe me, in seconds I was stripped naked. My mouth dropped open as they jumped out of their clothes, grabbed a toy and lay on the floor, facing me with their legs open wide. 

At my feet both went to work, sucking, nibbling and running their chosen tools over their naked bodies. They gazed into each others eyes as they lubed up and slowly lowered their toys towards their eagerly awaiting pussies.

Monique slipped the pink head of the dildo into her opening first and with a sigh it disappeared fully into her moist depths. 

The noise echoed around the small room with the tone of the vibro muffling as Hillary buried it deep between her spreading pussy lips.

In almost perfect synchronisation they thrust the toys into themselves. My cock jumped and twitched as the sounds and the scent of enjoyment began to flow. I started to rise off the chair. 

Hillary opened an eye, raised her head off the floor and said, "Stay there and enjoy the show."

OK, I thought, and sat back. The girls continued their synchronised masturbation.

The vibro did the trick first; Hillary bucked and writhed to a noisy orgasm. She immediately rolled over, took one of Monique's nipples in her mouth and applied the buzzing toy to her swollen clit. This was enough to bring Monique off, her body quivering and shaking as the come dribbled out of her pussy down her butt crack, leaving a wet patch on the rug below.

Hillary grabbed the doubled ended dildo and fed one end in Monique's still pulsing quim. Climbing on top she fed the other end into herself. Awkwardly they began to continue the show, fucking each other with the slippery and rubbery toy, experimenting with positions and thrusts until they found their rhythm, grinding and meshing their pubic bones together.

Hillary was deep kissing Monique, then sucking at her nipple and riding her as I would when at the height of passion. She was bucking wildly on top of Monique, bouncing her clit against Monique's larger and superior nub. Monique's climax induced another from Hillary. I watched in awe as her butt hole winked and blinked in time with her internal contractions.

Her cunt was dripping wet as she pulled the flexible end from Monique, bent it over and thrust it towards Monique's open mouth. Monique took the entire length in, gagging on the soft plastic, covering it in her saliva.

Hillary withdrew her cock from Monique's mouth, bent it double and placed the freshly lubricated end into her own asshole. She gripped her eyes tight shut as she manoeuvred to plastic tool into her deep back end.

Monique then grabbed the curve of the slippery tool and drove it in and out of Hillary with one hand whilst inserting the dildo deep into her own wet gash. 

Quickening her pace Monique brought Hillary to another crushing orgasm, her body bucking and shaking as she the double ended toy simultaneously stretched her pussy and arse.

The sight of Monique on her knees, ramming a dildo up her cunt and yanking on the loop pleasuring my wife was intoxicating. My hand was involuntarily moving to my cock, pulling on it to relieve the pressure.

Removing the double ender with an audible plop, Hillary went back to the box. She came out clutching a big black leather strap-on. Wide eyed with excitement and anticipation, standing up, she skilfully assembled and adorned the complex toy.

Monique turned around and slid my rock solid cock into her mouth. I could feel her hot breath against my balls as her spit ran down my straining shaft.

Between licks she turned to Hillary and demanded, "Put it in my ass." 

Hillary applied some lube and duly obliged. Monique's oral grip on my tool tightened as her asshole was invaded by the giant strap-on cock. Hillary began to thrust, hard, deep into Monique's distended butt.

"God this feels good," Hillary said, "this thing is actually going to make me come!"

Monique said, "God I love it in my ass. Rob, please lick my clit." I manoeuvred myself under Monique, watching as the black strap-on reamed her back passage.

I managed to attach my lips to her hardened clit, hold on and drive her towards orgasm. She ground her cunt to my face and came as Hillary held her by the hips and thrust the black member in deeper and harder. With two further sharp and deep thrusts Hillary came against the inside of the black plastic strap-on.

"Fuck my cunt," Monique demanded. She turned over to allow Hillary to fuck her dripping cunt with the strap on. 

She put her legs high in the air, wrapping them around Hillary's back as she pushed the large black end deep into her pussy. 

Hillary, now on her knees presented a tempting target. Moving around behind her I pulled the leather strap to one side before thrusting my rock hard member into her enthusiastic twat.

Each thrust into Hillary was transferred into Monique. The harder I fucked Hillary, the harder and deeper Monique was being fucked. After a dozen or so deep thrusts, they came together, panting, kissing and fondling as the spasms rippled through their bodies.

"Let me have a go with that," said Monique relieving Hillary of the strap-on. 

Monique got into the harness as Hillary started to suck the life out of me. Monique came up behind her to take her doggy style as she sucked her come off my rock hard and throbbing cock.

"Oh god, this thing does help you come," Monique said as she pounded harder into Hillary, grinding her clit into back of the plastic cock. 

Monique fucked Hillary faster and harder making her simply lay her mouth open over the head of my cock, with each thrust her head was jolted forward over my cock, pushing it deeper down her throat. 

Hillary was gone, her body was limp and she was approaching another major climax. My cock was deep in her mouth, beyond the back of her mouth, down her throat making her gag, but she didn't stop; Hillary had never deep throated me before, deliberately or not.

Monique continued to the pound the thick black plastic cock into Hillary, Hillary continued to deep throat my meat, her teeth sharply gripping me at the base.

Her body tensed as she came, her hot breath spilling over my groin and taking me over the edge. I came with a whimper, pumping come deep into her throat. I looked down to see a river of come running down her legs.

"I want it in both ends," Hillary said in an unsteady voice. "Fuck me, both of you". 

She rolled me onto my back, grabbed my still hard cock and pushed it into her gaping and soaking cunt. 

"Fuck my arse," she said turning to Monique and pulling her knees up beyond my waist.

Monique positioned herself behind Hillary, between my outspread legs, applied some lube and slid the black strap-on, inch by inch, into Hillary's accepting ass. 

Hillary gasped and cooed as both her holes were being filled again. The sensation on my cock was intense as Monique started to pound Hillary's asshole, loud farting noises started to emanate from her distended butt as she built to yet another orgasm, but she was beyond caring.

Hillary was hanging limp, sweating, flushed and short of breath, she shuddered as another climax rocked her body. That took me over the edge again, I moaned as the hot come was drawn up into her gripping quim.

She sucked and kissed at anything that came before her, fingers, mouth or dildo. Come streamed from her pussy.

Monique withdrew the strap-on leaving Hillary's ass to wink open in a wide gape. My come starting to run out and down her milky thigh. Monique bent forward and took a sip of the emerging juices.

"I need some come in me too," said Monique. 

She threw off the strap-on, bent over, spread her ass cheeks and looked over her shoulder at me with an enquiring gaze.

Hills slid off, unable to muster any more strength. I climbed to kneel and crawled behind Monique. She grabbed the tube and lubed my tool with one hand and then guided the shaft into her hot back end with the other. She increased her breathing as she drew it up, inch by inch, until it was all the way in to the hilt.

Monique let out a gasp as I started to thrust home, my balls slapping at her wet cunt hole. I moved deeper and faster, deeper and faster, the slapping noise steadily growing as I built my speed and rhythm. Her asshole seemed to be gripping my rod all the way up its length as it stabbed into her depths.

The sensation was exquisite as I sensed the rising come in my balls, Monique's ass had fully succumbed to my firm tool and was welcoming every deep thrust with increasing urgency. As my cock spat its thick load into her deep hole, Monique came, letting out a loud gasp, spraying my balls with hot come from her pulsating twat, as she pinched and clawed at her nipples.

Still panting, she turned as my softening cock slipped from her come filled rectum, "It is your turn tomorrow, I wonder, what will your pleasure be?"