 It was an unusually warm October evening and I was debating on how to best spend my time tonight. Tomorrow was a day off from work so I had no need to hang at home to be prepared for anything in the morning. I have some off the wall beliefs so I will not tell you my real name, but I will use Erika, a name I always liked. My job is one where I must remain beyond suspicion so I will only tell you that I am on the short side for a woman only 5'3" with light brown hair and blue eyes. Hopefully no one will be able to figure out who I am from that much data because I am sure that what I am going to relate here might seriously affect my social and professional life. 

So why am I writing this at all? That's part of my hang up, I am a compulsive exhibitionist and writing of my adventures is just another form of flashing for me. So yes I take a number of risks in my life some professional and some personal, I have to hope that the two never meet.

This particular night was perfect for me, warm enough to do my thing. I usually am hindered this time of year because of the lower temperatures. Hey while I am compelled to do this I am not foolish enough to freeze. So I decided that I would use this weather to enjoy another night of my favorite hobby.

I have a traditional approach to getting ready; I shower first and usually touch up my body hair. I like to be shaved clean, so before I go on one of my excursions I like to make sure that I am clean and with no hair anywhere in my pubic area, pussy and ass. Once all of that is done, its time to select the right outfit This can vary depending on what I want to do and what I expect to happen so while I am in the shower I try to determine my plans so I can more easily select the clothing when the time comes. I hate to waste time so I am always planning and working ahead of myself. In that fashion I had filled the tank of my car for tonight's drive, because I could not do my thing in town, I needed to travel somewhere I had less of a chance of meeting anyone I knew.

So by the time I was drying off I knew what I would be wearing and what I would look for to do my thing. I went to my closet and pulled out a mini skirt and a crisp white blouse. Other then shoes and thigh high stocking that was it. I dressed in minutes after finishing my hair and make up. I looked in the mirror and saw that my pierced nipples were already hard and poking through the thin white blouse I had put on. I could feel my pussy was already damp and I knew it was time to go.

I am fortunate that there is a fairly good size city in all four directions from my town so I never have to go anywhere so often that I become known in any location. Being somewhat anonymous is a plus in my plans. So I went west tonight a direction I had not been in a while. I would have at least an hour and a half drive, more if I wanted to be on the far side of town so I debated about a hotel room so I could enjoy the evening as long as I choose.

Halfway there I decided a hotel would be the way to go so I set a course for the far side of town where I knew some really cheap 'hot sheet' motels were. Sleep was not a requirement only someplace to go after the nightlife ended and before I wanted to go home. If I was successful then that period of time between closing and leaving for home should be and active busy time for me.

I stopped at a motel I had not used before and paid cash for one night. That was the other reason for this type of place, I could use cash and no identification was ever needed. I could maintain my privacy. I slipped the key in my purse and left the motel lot. It was a little early for my adventures to begin so I found a place and grabbed a bite to eat. I had a good cheap meal and by the time I was finished it was about time to start the evening.

I knew all these cities well so I knew where I wanted to go it was a Country Western Bar not far from my motel. I parked on the side of the building and headed for the door. I was waved in, women never paid the cover here, and headed for the bar. I needed some fortification I was always nervous and a drink would settle me down. Sitting at the bar sipping my Jack n Coke I surveyed the room and noted some likely opportunities. Finishing my drink I left the bar I began my tour of the building. It wasn't long before the first guy asked me to dance and I accepted. If I weren't approachable my whole evening would be shot so I danced with everybody and everybody until I found one or two that did the magic for me.

What was the magic? Even I don't know what it is but when I do this I always meet someone who enables me to do my thing. Until I meet that guy or guys I am a fairly normal sensible girl. So I danced a number of times and had a number of Jacks before I met the first of two guys I termed my enablers. The first was Jim, he was a big man, not fat just big, at least 6'4 and 250 pounds of all muscle. The first dance I had with Jim I could feel my pussy leaking, I was getting hot and ready. Jim hung around and we drank and chatted and Jim was OK when a tall slender black man took me to the dance floor.

Mike was a great dancer but that did little for me, it was the bulge in his Levi's that kept me wet and had me planning on how to get Jim and Mike to want to share. I started my 'thing' during that first dance with Mike. Somehow one of the buttons on my blouse fell of and a little bit more of my heavy tits were showing, nothing indecent yet but then again I was just stating. Jim had me on the floor next and another button suddenly 'fell off' and now if I moved the right way a lucky guy would get a gander of one of my pierced nipples, a couple of dances later I had both Mike and Jim with me on the floor and lost the last of the buttons, I was now basically dancing topless. I was starting to get a high from my tits flashing in public, but I was not done yet.

The next slow dance I grabbed Jim and we got closer then close and his hands were working my ass. I could feel the back of my short skirt riding up and when I felt that familiar breeze hitting the lower cheeks I knew my ass was now on display for all who wished to look and I could feel a lot of eyes on me. The DJ kept the music slow, it's amazing how cheaply a DJ can be bought these days. So I danced up close and tight with Jim and then Mike and all over again. I managed to work it so I was dancing with my back against their chest and allowing my skirt to come up and show my bare wet pussy. I stayed at the bar with Jim and Mike flashing my pussy and ass until it was time to go. The bar was winding down and it was time to have some more fun. I walked out with the two guys and halfway across the dance floor I handed Jim my blouse, totally topless now my nipple piercing glittering in the disco lights above the floor. Two thirds of the way I removed my skirt and handed it to Mike then finished leaving the bar in thigh highs and heels. If either Mike or Jim objected they kept it to themselves. Each of them had a hand on my ass as we walked into the parking lot.

I took my car keys from my purse and headed to my car yelling over my shoulder that I would expect to see both of them in room 115 of the Stardust Motel and they should bring some booze. I left them in the lot and drove naked to the motel, got out of the car and waited for the guys to show. I stood on display for a good fifteen minutes before the Jim pulled up followed shortly after by Mike. They both had bottles of Jack and a couple of twelve packs of coke. I was standing pulling my piercing when they walked up. I handed Mike the room key and allowed him to open the door and show me in.

I was surprised, but a little pleased, when Jim produced some hand and leg restraints. Since I was already naked the boys merely needed to strap me up and I would be ready. My pussy had been buzzing since I lost the first button on my blouse and I was now beyond wet looking for a cock or two to bring me where I needed to be. I was further shocked when my hands were secured behind my back, I would have expected the spread eagle on the bed, but when they secured my ankles to the font bed feet, I was no longer sure I would be laying down at all.

Sure enough Jim slid on the bed in front of my and started playing with my tits, or my pierced nipples to be exact. After a short bit of play he tugged on the nipples and pulled me down to his waiting cock. Evidently Jim wanted to have me start off buy sucking his rod, so I obliged him by taking his hard cock down to his balls. I was using my tongue to massage the underside of his cock and was humming to provide some vibration. I was so into sucking his cock that it took a few minutes to realize that someone was spanking my ass with a belt. I wasn't sure I was in the mood for a spanking but with my mouth full of cock and my hands and legs restrained all I could do was take the pain and hope it became pleasure. With each stroke of the belt I groaned on Jim's cock and took him deep, the combination of my tongue, the groaning and the sound of leather stinging my ass brought me off. I was shaking with delight and my actions must have gotten Jim over the hump because he dumped a big load in my mouth. I only swallowed a bit and let the remainder dribble over my lips.

I would have loved to have just enjoyed my orgasm but Mike then appeared on the bed next to Jim with his hard cock out. He too pulled on my pierced nipples till my mouth was ready to take his cock. I was relieved that my ass was not being whipped even though I still felt the pain and a deep heat in my ass cheeks. I was beginning to enjoy Mike's cock when I felt a fairly large object entering my pussy, Jim and Mike were on the bed so who the hell and what the hell was that. I tried to pull Mike's cock from my mouth but he held my head in place.

"Erika, you may have forgotten but you have already worked our bar once very recently so we all knew who you were. In addition to Jim and I there are another ten guys and four gals who intend to use you tonight. They each have their own fantasies for you and some of us will take you more then once. Jim and I appreciate the blowjobs and I think most of the gals are looking for you to eat their wet pussies. Considering how many of us there are some of those pussies may be full of cum by the time you get to them so try not to spoil your appetite. Oh, and that's Harry the bartender back there plowing into your cunt. Now finish sucking my cock Erika, it going to be a long night."

I don't know if this crowd I had drawn was thinking it had intimidated me but I was hotter then all get out. Who would not want a stream of hard cocks and a few wet dirty pussies to enjoy in a single evening? If I thought could have set this up, I certainly would have. Trouble is most guys want the one on one I love you bullshit, so just getting them to two is usually a major effort. Trying to get them to 8 or 10 is unthinkable, but if they put it together, then just enjoy. So I did. Harry's cock filled my pussy and did a marvelous job bringing me off as he pounded into me and I sucked Mike's cock.

I will not pretend to remember everyone's names or who came first suffice it to say that I was used but not put away wet. I do not know how many cocks I fucked, how many cocks I sucked or how many pussies I ate but we arrived at my room at 1 AM and I had my last fuck at 7 AM, I took no breaks, I always had a cock in my pussy and something in my face either a cock or a pussy. I know the women from time to time would go eat my pussy (now that was wonderful) and clean out cum being left there. A few times in the early goings someone would spank my ass for while but by the middle of the night that stopped.

I had told both Mike and Jim as we left the club that I could not abide anal sex and for the most part my asshole was left alone aside for a couple of fingers here and there and I think they were form the gals anyway. So what is it like to fuck continuously for 5 or 6 hours? For me it was wonderful as it was happening when I was finally untied and allowed to sit down, I was too sore to do that right away and the cum oozing down my legs ran for an hour or more. I know I had some large cocks and some not so large and both of them fucked me well. I came so often that in the first hour I lost track, but it seems as if I was cumming almost all night long though I am sure I wasn't.

Everyone but Jim and Mike had left and Mike had drawn me a nice hot bath with whatever bubbles he could make in this cheap motel. He and Jim then helped me into the tub and got me comfortable while they shared the chore of washing the dried cum from my body. Then they let me soak for a while and finally they helped me out and laid me on the bed. I asked them if they would each fuck me one more time alone. Mike and Jim nodded and Mike left the room. Jim then got on the bed next to me and started by kissing my neck and working his way from the back of one ear to the other and down to the hollow spot at the bottom of my neck. He worked his way slowly down my arms and then my legs stopping for while at my toes before licking up the inside of my legs and heading for my well-fucked pussy. As good as last night was this was better and I was anxious for Jim to touch me to touch my pussy and make me feel what I knew my body promised me. But Jim by passed my pussy and moved to my tits. He then took each of them and licked and sucked the nipples taking the nipple rings into his mouth and gently tugging on them. God Jim knew how to do a woman.

At last he headed for my cunt and when his tongue darted out to glaze my clit I came. It was a sound screaming shuddering cunt bouncing orgasm. I love to express myself when I cum but when you have cocks and pussies in your mouth -- well you understand. I then begged Jim to fuck me.

"Jim please fuck me, I need that hard hot cock pounding me and I need it bad, Jim please fuck me and fuck me hard."

Jim was nothing if he wasn't agreeable and he shoved his fat hard cock all the way in one thrust. He had me half way to cumming again with that first thrust and once he established his rhythm I wasn't sure I could wait for him to get there. He pummeled my wet well-used pussy and I loved it, he was fat and hard and he filled me completely. I just felt my orgasm start as Jim rolled me over and fucked me like a dog. I was cumming already but this position is my favorite because a guy's cock feels bigger and the position feels naughty. I screamed out my orgasm again, I am sure truckers passing the motel heard me too but shit when its as good as this who gives two shits. Finally as my orgasm steadied Jim erupted inside me, I felt his seed splash against the walls of my pussy and Oh shit it felt good. I was fucked out for now and needed a minute to perk up for Mike.

I kissed and thanked Jim for the great fuck and for setting me up to be used last night. I told him to find Mike and send him in. A few minutes later Mike walked in and watched as I stroked myself, legs spread wide finger furiously rubbing my clit legs thumping on the mattress as if I were being electrocuted. He stared at my hands and my pussy waiting. When I could catch my breath I said.

"Fuck Mike get down there and finish me with that tongue of yours and while you are there put that nice black cock of yours up here for Erika to enjoy."

Mike stripped quickly and 69ed himself so I could enjoy his cock while he finished my pussy off. His talented tongue had me rolling on the bed in a few minutes and I had his cock hard. I asked him to spin about and fuck me and he instead lay on his back and made me climb on and ride his cock. I admit I was pretty well used by that time but Mike had a real nice long hard cock and it slid into me and went so deep that I forgot my fatigue and just concentrated on the cock that was beneath me. I ultimately squatted over Mike so I could more easily slide up and down that marvelous black pole. Mike helped some by pushing up each time I came down. Together we pushed that cock into areas of my pussy that I never knew I had but that seemed to enjoy the invasion of cock so well that I was forced to hold back my orgasm to wait for Mike.

At some point I said fuck it and came. I lost my balance as my body gave itself to pleasure and impaled myself all the way on Mike's hard cock. Once the orgasm passed sufficiently enough I found my legs and resumed my squat over Mike. I did my best to fuck that cock of his like I'd never fucked anything before and eventually it paid off as Mike jerked and came in a torrent of hot sticky cum. I basically collapsed on Mike and passed out. When I woke later I was feeling great. I looked up and I was alone in the dingy hotel room. I smiled as I relived the night and especially the last two fucks this morning. I sat up and noticed a note on the table.

"Erika, Mike and I had a great time and hope you call us when you are ready for another session. Oh yeah, if you go on-line in to the web site at listed at the bottom of this page you will be able to see all the photographs we took of the night. Thanks Jim."

Shit, I can only hope that management doesn't see it, or my job will be gone.