 My name is Erin and I'm a single girl living in NYC. I'm only 21 years old and I'm 5'6 120 lbs with in nice round ass and a nice full C cup. I have shoulder length brunette hair and nice chocolate eyes. In my first story I told you about the time I went to a party and had my first gang bang. That was an incredible night and it changed my life forever. This is a follow-up story, which is also true, about how I joined a NYC sex club shortly after the events of my first story took place.

One week after meeting Brian at the party we decided that we would go out on a real date. On Friday night he picked me up at my apartment at around 7:00. We had decided that we were going to go to dinner and then go to a local dance club. Like always I tried to make myself look sexy. I chose my little black dress. You know the one that every girl has, it shows off you legs, body and cleavage all just enough. As I opened the door I got goose bumps by the way Brian looked at me with such desire. 

He told me that dinner was going to be a surprise. He chose a very fancy restaurant, which I always like. We made small talk all through dinner. He was surprisingly easy to talk to. To my amazement he never brought up the events of the week before. After dinner we made our way to the night club. I really had a fun time at the club. We both drank quite a bit and the dancing was great. He was a great dancer and feeling his hands all over my body all night was amazing. Every time he touched me I could feel myself get a little wet.

Around 2am we made it back to my place. I won't lie to you I was really horny. On the elevator ride to my apartment all I did was stare at this good-looking guy next to me and think about what I would do to him. We finally got to my front door and I asked him in. no sooner did the door close and he was all over me. He kissed me harder than anyone before. He reached behind me and unzipped my dress in one swift move. He slid it off me and picked me up and took me into my bedroom. As a laid there a little surprised he stripped off his cloths and climbed on top of me. He pushed my legs apart and thrust himself into me really hard. I moaned half in pain half in pleasure. It didn't matter he just kept on pounding me as hard as he could. I really did like how it felt to just be used for his pleasure. It only took a minute for me to climax. A few seconds later I felt him cum in me. I laid there speechless for moments just enjoying the feeling.

We laid there for a few moments just enjoying the feeling. I rolled over and faced him and gave him a big smile. I told him that was great. He thanked me for letting him be so rough and he reminded me that I must like it that way after last week. He then told me something that made me almost fall out of bed. He told me that he was a member of a private sex club in the city. He said that I would be a great member. I was shocked; I had no idea what to say to that. I asked him what kind of club it was and he said it was club were people are free to live out their sexual desires without feeling like they are doing something wrong. He did say that the club was mostly men and the women that were in the club loved that it was that way. The women say they love the attention they get and that they can have sex on their terms and without fear of being judged. 

An hour later I was still drilling him about this club. He said that I should just join and that I was obviously interested and he knew how much I loved sex. He also mentioned the party from last week and how it looked like I was having so much fun. I told him I might be interested but wasn't sure. I wanted to know if there was a cost to be a member or anything like that. He told me there wasn't but there was a test that new members had to go through. When I asked him about it he was pretty vague and said it was no big deal and it was worth it to be in the club. I told him I might be interested and I'd let him know. He tried a little more convincing and then said that he had to go. 

The next morning I got up and decided to that I needed a shower. I took my time in the bathroom walking around naked knowing that Brian could see in my bathroom window from his apartment next door. Sure enough I looked up a few minutes later and there he was watching me. I decided that I'd give him a little show I closed my eyes and started to rub and squeeze my breasts. I then slid my hands down to my pussy and started to rub it slowly. I rub faster and harder and start to breath pretty heavy. My body shakes as a strong orgasm comes over my body. I open my eyes and see Brian and two of his friends cheering. My heart stops as I see the two other guys. I give Brian a nasty look and shut the curtain to my bathroom and jump in the shower.

Later that afternoon the phone rang. I hurried to answer and heard a sexy male voice on the other end. I smiled from ear to ear hearing Brian's voice. He said that he really enjoyed the show this mourning. I told him it turned me on to have him watching and that I enjoyed it even though he let his friends watch. We laughed and then he told me that he was going to pick me up around seven. We hadn't had plans so I was a little surprised. I asked what we were doing and he said my test to join the club was set up for tonight. Now I started to get a little upset. I had not agreed to join this club and he went ahead and set up a test for me. He told me to calm down and to trust him. He said he would never volunteer me for anything he didn't think I would like. He told me to dress sexy and be ready for some fun. 

I have to be honest as I sat around that afternoon I was really excited. I was a little nervous about whatever this test was but I was still excited. I can't lie I love sex and the though of joining a sex club was very exciting to me. So around six o'clock I started to get ready. I jumped in the shower and made sure to shave everything clean. I was as smooth as a newborn baby. I jumped out of the shower and started to dry off. I took a quick glance to see if Brian was watching but sadly he wasn't. I rubbed some lotion all over my but to make me feel sexy.

I then went to my bedroom to figure out what to wear. I opened my closet and just stared for a moment. I reached in and took out my tiny little black skirt. It's made of satin and is so short that it barley covers my ass. I decided that I wasn't going to wear any panties tonight, which might let me give a little show later. I did however choose some thigh high stocking and black heels. For the top a decided that I was going to wear my corset. I love my corset. It is dark red with black trim and a lace up back. I tie it just right so that it lifts my breast up nicely and shows off my great curves. I took a quick look at myself in the mirror and decided that I looked a little dirty and a little sexy all at once.

As every minute passed I was becoming more and more anxious. My mind was started to wonder about what was about to happen. No matter what though I was determined to have fun and go through with whatever was in store for me. At seven o'clock on the nose there was a knock on my door. My heart skipped a beat knowing it was Brian. I opened the door and was greeted by a big smile from Brian. He told me that I looked great and he couldn't wait for tonight.

We drove around for what felt like forever before we got to the club. The club was in the outskirts of the city and you would never know there was a sex club inside; it looked like a normal apartment building. We parked the car and headed inside. Once we were inside there was a man standing in the lobby. Brian introduced the man as Tom and said he was the on who runs the club. He said he was glad to meet me and that I looked terrific. He explained that he and Brian had been friends for years and Brian told him I would be perfect for the club. He then asked me if Brian had told me what was going to happen tonight. I told him that he had mentioned that there was a test and nothing else. He then asked if I wanted to know or if I wanted to be surprised. He said that most women go for the surprise. I told him I was up for anything and the anticipation was only adding to my excitement. 

Tom then said that even though I looked very sexy there was no clothing allowed for women going through initiation to the club and that I needed to get naked right there. Now mind you we may be inside the lobby but the big picture windows let anyone looking in have a nice full view of whatever is going on. I hesitated for a minute and then slowly started to unzip the front of my corset. The two guys were almost drooling I was going so slowly. Finally, I let the corset fall to the floor and my nice breasts came bursting out. Tom reached out and squeezed my nipple gently. It sent I chill down my spine. I then slowly reached behind me and started to unzip my skirt. I let it slide down my body gently until it hit the ground. I was now standing there in my stocking and heels in front of these two men and whoever might be watching outside. My heart was pounding with excitement. Tom looked down and said he liked a woman who shaves as he gave my pussy a quick rub. His touch made my so wet, boy I was getting excited. 

Tom then led my down a hallway to a door. He said that the girls inside would get me ready for the night. I entered the room to find two gorgeous women in lingerie waiting for me. They told me that they were going to give me a massage before my long night. I must admit I was excited about the massage, but what did they mean by long night I wondered. The girls each took of one of my heels off and then they playfully slid my stockings off. I laid on the table face down while the rubbed me from head to toe. They then turned me over and did the front side. As the massaged my breasts I started to get aroused again. The girls said that it was time to get me ready to go. I got off the table and stood in the middle of the room. The first girl grabbed a bottle of K-Y from the table and squirted some in her hand. She started to rub my pussy which made me quiver with pleasure. She caught me off guard when next she started to rub my ass with it. The other girl then came up from behind me and placed a blindfold over me. Next, one girl pulled my arms behind my back while the other one tied them. They said I looked perfect and was all set. I was really started to worry about what I had gotten into. 

As I stood there blindfolded I heard the door open and heard Tom's voice as he talked to the girls. He came over to me and without a word started run his fingers up the sides of my body. This gave me goose bumps all over my body. He said I looked great and that it was time to get started. Tom took me out the room and into the hallway. I heard a door open and I knew we were entering another room. My heart was racing so fast I was so nervous but excited all at the same time. As we walked into the room I could hear whispers but couldn't hear anyone really talking. Tom then leaned in and told me there were some stairs in front of me that I had to climb. He helped me up and told me to be perfectly still. 

Just then is when Tom started his speech. "This whore is here tonight because she wants to join our club. I've be told by one our members that she will be up for the challenge, but I'm not so sure. I don't think she'll make the night with us. She sure is beautiful and it sure will be fun to watch her try to pleasure us all. Well whore are you ready to begin?"

For some reason fear all of a sudden swept in. all I could muster was the world's sheepish yes. Then I heard someone walk up the stairs. Then Tom's voice again "take a lot around whore!" Just then he pulled off the blindfold. My heart sank and I let out a gasp of air. There had to be fifty or sixty men in this huge room. I was standing on a small narrow wooden table in the center of the room. There were also four women in the room right next to the table holding pillows. Two of them were the ones from the other room, the others I didn't know. Next to the table there were also two large pails and a pile of rope. Tom then rolled the stairs away from the table. 

He then untied my hands. He ordered me to face forward and not turn around. All of a sudden he spread my ass checks and shoved something in my ass. I turned to looked and say he had put a butt plug in my ass. Just then his hand landed on my ass with a hard slap. I told you not to turn around is all he said. He then ordered me to lie down. My legs were shaking so bad it was nice to lie down. He then pulled me so that my pussy was just off the end of the table. He then took two pieces of rope and tied my ankles to the legs of the table. He then took another tied it to one knee and wrapped it under the table. He spread my legs and tied the other end to my other knee so they were pulling on each other keeping my legs spread wide open. Next, he tied a rope from each wrist to the table legs. The table was short enough so that my head didn't even rest on the table I had to hold it up, or so I thought. Tom then took my hair and made a ponytail. He tied it with some rope and crawled under the table. Just then he pulled the rope, and my hair, back so that my head was pulled so far back I could see behind me. 

I was now lying on this table completely helpless, then all of a sudden it hit me, I let him tie me up like this in front of so many men and never said I word. I was starting to wonder what that meant about me. It was a strange feeling, I was laying there totally exposed and degraded and the only things I was thinking about was how fast my heart was racing and how wet my pussy was getting.

Just then I heard Tom say she's all yours boys. There men in the room all gave a loud cheer. The four girls positioned themselves at each corner of the table. They put the pillows on the ground and all knelt on them. They had only enough time to pull there hair back before the men all circled around us. The men all stripped down and got to work. Each of the four girls took a cock in their mouths and one in each hand and started to go to work. After about a minute it was my turn. I was so excited and I could feel how wet my pussy was. 

The two pails were moved so that there was one near my head and the other near my pussy. The first man came over to my head and just jammed his penis in my mouth. He was so forceful I almost gagged. I started to suck that thing as hard as I could. I was concentrating on him so much I forgot about my pussy and without warning someone jammed a cock deep inside of me. The feeling was more than I could handle and a huge orgasm ripped through my body. I could feel the ropes holding me down as I came, which only made the feeling more intense. The pleasure didn't seem to stop. The feeling of the two men pounding me at each end was so amazing. Finally the first man pulled out of my mouth and grabbed the pail. He blew his load into it and stepped back. Another man was quick to take his place. 

The man fucking my pussy did the same thing. He pulled out in time to shoot his load in the other bucket. The girls were doing a great job getting the boys nice and hard for me. There were hard cocks everywhere you looked. As soon as the first two were done two more guys were ready. They stepped up and at the exact same time their cocks dove deep inside of me. Just like with the first pair, my orgasm came hard and fast. I'm sure everyone could hear me moaning around the cock in my mouth. The guy came in waves two at a time for about half an hour. Each one used me for his pleasure then moved on. With each new pair I had at least on orgasm. After that first half hour I'd probably had 30-40 of the guys in either my mouth or pussy. I can only imagine how much of a sight I must have been. I must have looked like a total whore, but I really didn't care I felt amazing. I really was having lots of fun.

After the first half hour Tom came over to me and untied me. He asked if I was enjoying myself. I told him I was having the time of my life and wanted more cock. As I said that the boys all cheered. To tell you the truth my pussy and mouth were both pretty sore from the abuse and my neck hurt from my head being pulled back like that for so long. But I sure wasn't ready to be done yet. And besides I'm sure the rest of the boys wanted their turn and I sure wanted to give it to them. 

Tom then told me to stand up on the table. Then he told me to bend over and give the boys a little show. I bent over and started to shake my ass a little. Just then Tom gave it a good slap. He then slid two fingers into my pussy. After just a minute he made me cum again. I heard Tom say looked at how easy this slut cums and everyone in the room started to laugh. Tom then grabbed my butt plug and pulled it out. I wasn't sure if I was relieved or disappointed it was out. Tom then told me to get off the table. I jumped down and he pulled me over to the side of the table. He then told me to bend over the table. I did and he tied one of my arms to one of the legs of the table. He then walked behind me and spread my legs. He also tied one of my ankles to a leg of the table. That left my legs spread wide open, I bent over the table, my arms tied to the other table legs, and the table was narrow enough so that my head reached all the way across. 

Tom took a minute to look at his work and then gave the boys the go a head. The guys that hadn't had a chance yet surrounded us girls. Just as before the girls started to warm the guys up. The first guy was ready and he walked over to my mouth and jammed as hard as he could. As he was fucking my mouth hard the second guy came up behind me. I was waiting for him to dive into me, but instead I felt a warm tongue start to slowly lick my clit. He was doing a great job on my clit and an orgasm was starting to build pretty good. All of a sudden a third guy came up behind me and shoved his entire cock into my ass. Not only was I not expecting a third guy, but I wasn't expecting him to fuck me in the ass either. The guy pounded my ass hard and deep. I couldn't take it anymore the feeling was really very amazing. That's when the hardest orgasm so far hit me. My whole body started to shake. That orgasm was great and it seemed to last forever and it was so good. 

The two men finished and as before were quickly replaced by two more. My orgasms were still coming but I was getting so tired and my ass was really getting sore. Finally after about 6 or 7 pairs there was a pause in the action. Tom walked over and untied me. He then told me that I had made every guy in the room cum except for one him. He looked at one of the girls and asked for her pillow. Tom told me to get on my knees on the floor. I did and he then pushed my head down and got behind me like we were going to do it doggy style. He then grabbed each of my wrists and pulled them behind me. My head feel on to the pillow he had laid out. He then buried his cock in my dripping pussy. He pulled hard on my arms and was fucking me as hard as he could. The pleasure wave hit me all at once and I let out a giant scream. Even thought it was muffled by the pillow I'm sure every could tell just how much I enjoyed it. Just is my orgasm was about to hit its peak I felt Tom cum, which made my orgasm even strong. My body was shaking, my toes were curling, and I couldn't move a muscle if I had to. That was by far the best orgasm of the night. Tom was the only one that came inside me. 

Tom pulled out of me and stood up. He took and towel and cleaned himself off. He then helped me up and gave me a big hug. I noticed that two guys were pouring all of the cum into one bucket. Tom that asked the group if they had fun and there was a loud cheer in the room. Tom then asked them if I deserved to be in the club and again another load cheer. Tom told me I did a great job and there was only one more thing I had to do to pass the test. He called Brian over and thanked him for bringing me. Tom told me to lie on the ground and close my eyes. I lay down and I heard Brian say I told you that you'd have fun. Just then he took the bucket and pulled all that cum all over my face and hair. It scared me there was so much and I had a hard time to breathe. I could hear cheering all over the room and then I felt two sets of soft women's hands help me to my feet. They took a towel and wipe some of it away from my eyes, nose and mouth. 
