 My name is Erin and I have to tell you that I just loving having sex. There is nothing better in the world then having a man inside of you. I'm only 21 years old and I'm 5'6 120 lbs with in nice round ass and a nice full C cup. I have shoulder length brunette hair and nice chocolate eyes. This is a true story from a couple years ago when I went to a party with some of my girlfriends, and as things often do at good parties things started to get a little wild. 

On Wednesday night my friend Heather called me and asked me if I would be interested in going to a party on Friday night. She said that Nicole would be coming as well. I enthusiastically said yes and asked what time the party was. She said it started around 8:00 and she would meet me around 7:30 at my apartment. 

All day at work on Friday I was in a great mood even though I really don't like my job at a local women's clothing store. The day seemed to drag on despite my great mood. Finally, it was time to head home at 5:00. When I got home I jumped into the shower and just stood there for what seemed like an eternity while the warm water was running all over me. Nothing gets me more relaxed then a nice shower. While I was in the shower I decided that I should probably shave, so I took my time and got my entire body down to nice soft skin.

I jumped out of the shower and started to dry myself off. I as always did this with the shades open in the bathroom just I case the cute guy in the building across happened to be looking. I do like to put on a show from time to time. It just makes me feel sexy to have guys stare at me. I walked in the bedroom and reach in my underwear drawer and pull out my favorite pink G-string. I slid them on and returned to the bathroom to do my hair and make-up. After I finished getting ready I took a peak in my closet to try and figure out what I was going to wear. I finally decided on my pink dress. I love this dress; it's a ruched dress with thin shoulder straps and a plunging u shaped top that gives me great cleavage. The thin sheets of material go low enough to barely cover my ass. If I bend over in this dress anyone looking gets a peek at my underwear. To complete the look I chose a high heeled sandal that made my legs look great. Took a look at myself in the mirror and thought I looked great, maybe a little on the slutty side but that's what I was going for. 

At almost 7:30 on the nose Heather and Nicole arrived. They were dressed in a very similar way to me. They both looked amazing. I know that I wasn't going to be the only one at this party getting the attention. We headed to the subway and jumped on a train headed for the outskirts of the city. The whole ride over you could see the guys staring at the three of us. I was a little turned on at all the attention we were getting, and I don't think I was the only one. When we got to one stop a felt the hands of two guys grab me ass on their way out the door. I just looked at heather and smiled. One the train ride over heather told us that the party was being thrown by I friend of hers from work. His name was David. She said he was a little older, 35 or so, and that we would probably be the youngest ones there. She also mentioned that she had every intention of trying to get some alone time with him at some point in the evening. 

Finally, we got to David's house. Looking from the outside the house seemed very large, which would be great for a party. Heather knocked on the door and gave David a big hug when he opened it. She then introduced us all. As we walked inside it seemed like most of the people for the party were already there. It seemed like there were at least 30 people already in the house. David took the time to show us around the house, the kitchen with all the drinks, the large living room perfect for dancing and mingling, and he made sure to show Heather just where the bedroom was. 

David then took Heather to get a drink and Nicole and I started to look around on our own. I started to notice that all the guys at the party were very good looking. Most of them were in their thirties and just about all of them gave us a pretty big smile. I only noticed five or six other women at the party, which is always great, it's always best to have the pick of the litter instead of fighting for attention. 

Nicole and I then wandered into the kitchen to grab a drink. Not two seconds after I had finished it a guy came up to ask me to dance. He took me into the living room, which was starting to get crowded. We started to dance and I'd give him a shake here and there just to tease him a little. As soon as his hands started to wander a little I'd pull away just to tease him a little more. After a while I started to drift around the living room dancing with different guys. Every twenty minutes or so I'd stop and grab a drink in the kitchen to catch up with the girls. 

Around 10:00 Nicole decided that she had had enough and was ready to go. Heather and I begged with her to stay, but she said she just wasn't in the mood to have all the drunken guys hanging all over her tonight. We walked her to the door and we exchanged hugs and said goodbye. We walked to the kitchen for another drink as soon as a turned around from the bar I froze. Standing right in front of me was the cute guy that lives in the building across from me. As soon as he sees me a giant smile crosses his face. He walks over and introduces himself. He says his name is Brian, and he's always wanted to meet me to thank me for the shows. As you can imagine my face is as red as an apple. We talk for a few more minutes and he asks me to go and dance with him. As we dance I pretty much let him do whatever he wants. Every time his hands are on my body I quiver inside. Every once and a while I really get him going, I rub my ass all over his crotch and I can just feel him getting hard. The longer we dance the hornier I get. 

This great looking guy is all over me and I can't help it. He starts to rub his hands all over me, rubbing me sides, my stomach, and my breasts. A couple of times I even feel his hands touching my inner thighs. It all drove me crazy I wanted him so bad. I turn and face him and slowly rub my chest against his and slowly work my way down until my breasts are rubbing his penis. I slowly slide back up and that's when I let my hand gently glide over his now very hard penis. After about an hour we stop to get another drink, which turns into two drinks, by the time we finish our drinks I'm really getting pretty drunk. He pulls me over to the corner of the kitchen and starts to kiss me. The whole time I'm melting inside. It's all I can do to not rip his cloths off right here. All of a sudden I feel another pair of hands touching me. I turn around to find Heather and David smiling at us. David says that it's obvious I met his brother Brian. We all laugh and I give Brian another peck on the check. 

It's now about midnight and people are starting to leave. The party is still going on pretty strong though. Heather grabs me by the arm and takes me to the dance floor. Now when I get a little drunk I really like dancing with other girls. Their gentle touch and soft skin is a nice treat sometimes. We start off kind of slow not really touching or anything, but it doesn't take long and we're grinding with each other and rubbing each other all over. Guys are now starting to stand around us watching. I grind with Heather a little more and as I turn to face her she slides a strap off my shoulder and one of my breasts falls out. She takes my nipple in her mouth and starts to suck and nibble on it a little. As she lets go I smile at her and move in for a nice wet kiss. We stand there for a minute making out before Brian and David jump in. We dance with the boys for a few minutes and then head back to the kitchen. Brian starts to pour us all shots and after three or four I just can't do anymore. At this point I'm completely drunk and I can feel the beer slut coming out of me. 

Ready for some more fun I take Heather by the hand and we head for the living room. As I look around I realize that most of the people have now left the party. There are only eleven other people left in the house. Including Brian and David there are nine guy and two other girls. I had Brian turn up the music and I take Heather to the dance floor. We start grinding and rubbing all over again for and while, and then I see an evil grin on her face. She pulls me over to the coffee table and we both jump up. All the people in the room start to cheer. We start to really play into it. I start shaking my hips and ass like a stripper and Heather rubs her hands all over my body. Everyone left at the party is now gathered around the table watching us. I walk over in front of Brian and bend over a little to tease him a little. Heather then pushes me down so that my dress rides up past my ass. Everyone in the room lets out another cheer. I straighten up and give Heather the biggest smile ever. We start dancing again this time I'm all over Heather. I reach behind her and run my hands under her dress and grab her ass. I lean over and start to lick her cleavage. Heather plays along perfect by shaking her ass and breasts. I stand back up and move around the table teasing all the guys. Heather walks over to me and slowly slides my dress above my hips. Everyone now has a nice look at my ass. The only thing covering anything is my tiny g-string. I play along and put my hands in the air and shake my ass. As I continue my show I feel Heather grab my g-string and slowly side them off. I figure it's too late to argue so I step out of them as see lowers them. 

I watch as Heather throws my panties into the crowd. I'm not really sure who ended up with them. I continue my show walking over to every guy and bending over just enough to almost get a peak. I walk over to Heather and start to kiss her. We stand there for a minute and make out. Our tongues do a nice dance together and all the guys seem to love it. As were kissing Heather slides her hand under my dress. She starts by rubbing my inner thigh and then gently rubs my lips. I feel myself starting to get really wet. She's got me so turned on. All of a sudden she slides and finger in and I almost collapse with the sudden jolt of pleasure. She gently slides them in and out a few times and I'm going crazy. The guys watching this are going nuts. Heather slides her finger out and starts to suck on it sexier than I have ever seen. She comes over to me and makes me sit on the edge of the table. 

Heather pushes down so I am lying on my back on the coffee table. She gently slides my dress up above my hips. I'm now lying of a table with my legs handing over. I'm also naked from the waist down in a room full of strangers. To most people this would be a terrible felling, but for me it's a turn on to have people watch me. Heather kneels in front of me and leans her head in. She starts to gently kiss my inner thigh and slowly works her way up. She gently starts to lick around each lip without touching them. She slowly licks each lip, which makes me start to moan. Her tongue starts to force its way in between my lips and she finds her way to my clit. My breathing starts to get deep and I moan even more. Right now I'm totally unaware that anyone is watching, the only thing in my mind is how great a job Heather is doing. As Heather continues to work on my clit I start to rub my breasts. She stops licking and suddenly sucks on my clit hard. The sensation is more than I can handle, and my body starts to shake and finally it hits me. I let out a scream as a terrific orgasm comes over my body. 

As soon as I come back down to earth Heather stands up and just smiles at me. She then walks over and takes David by the hand. She leads him across the room toward the stairs to his bedroom. As she is walking up the stairs she blows me a kiss. I look around the room and see that the other eight guys in the room have massive hard-ons. I smile at the boys and asked if they liked the show. Well as you can imagine there were some cheers in the room. I turn to Brian and with I big smile ask him if he would mine taking the rest of my dress off. He just about knocks two other guys over to get to me. It takes him no time at all to slide the dress over my head. 

The feeling of being this drunk and horny at the same time is amazing. I reach out and start to rub Brian's penis through his pants. With a smile I asked him what he is waiting for. In one move his pants are around his ankles and the head of his penis is pointing right where it should be. Slowly his whole length starts to fill me as deep as he can manage. He slides in and out of me for several minutes. It feels so great I've wanted him for a long time and the situation makes it even more erotic. He then takes it out and walks over to my face. I lick my lips and take all of him in my mouth. As soon as I have Brian in my mouth I feel another penis slide into my pussy. It's then that I realize I have no idea who is inside of me, and what's worse is that it feels so good I don't care. It doesn't take long before another orgasm hits me. This one is even stronger than the first. After a minute or two Brian finally lets his load go in my mouth. I smile at him and swallow it all down. Then, the guy in my pussy pulls out and hurries to my face. As I start to suck on him I feel the third guy lift my legs and put them over his shoulders. He then pushes his penis into my ass. I let out a little squeal even with the cock in my mouth. The guy in my mouth cums and I swallow that one down too. The guy in my ass keeps pounding away and I like it more and more as he does. He finally get close enough that he pulls out and just barley has time to get it to my mouth before you cums. As I swallow his load down I sit up to catch my breath.

I take a quick look around the room and there are five guys that still have to cum. I tell them that I want to please all of them at the same time and that I want them to cum all over my face. I take the first guy and lay him on the table on his back. I straddle him and lower my self so that he slides into my ass. The next guy lines himself up for my pussy and rams it hit. It feels so good I let out the loudest moan of my life. I then reach out and grab a cock in each hand and start jerking as hard as I can. The last jumps on the table and straddles my face. I open wide and he rams his cock deep in my throat. The feeling of all these men is just incredible. I feel like a complete slut and it feels awesome. Women may say how they want to be respected and all that, but there's no better feeling than having a room full of guys lust over you and to make you the center of attention. Someone then reaches out and pinches my nipple hard and my body just shook, which I think we all enjoyed. While this is going on I hear the other two girls in the room cheering on the guys. They were saying things like fill that whore, or she's only here for you pleasure pound her harder, and she's nothing but a dirty slut. To tell you the truth it turned me on listening to them. 

After about five minutes the biggest orgasm of my life hit me. Every muscle in my body tightened and I started to shake. It was so good it left my in an almost half conscious state. That's when a saw a flash go off. I couldn't believe someone was taking a picture. After that the guy in my mouth had enough, he pulled himself out and blew his load on my nose and mouth. The warm sensation really felt great. Next was the guy in my pussy he climbed up and let his load land right on my right eye. The next guy was from my left hand, his load landed on my left eye and forehead. My right hand man was next, he hit my left check some of which ran into my ear. The guy that was in my ass was the exception, I was lying on top of him so he grabbed my hips and started pushing me up and down, and finally he came in my ass. He pushed me off of him and I just laid there exhausted with cum all over my face and dripping from my ass. 

I soon felt two pairs of hands start to rub my body. It was the two girls that were there. They massaged my breasts, arms, legs, and stomach. They told me how beautiful I looked right now and how amazing I was. Then, they both started to kiss my face and lick the cum off of it. When they had my face all cleaned off they helped me up and took me upstairs to the shower. They soaped me from head to toe and even washed my hair. Once they were done they helped me put my dress back on. Somehow I managed to get downstairs where Brian was waiting. He gave me a big hug and told me I was the sexiest girl he had ever met.

It was about 2:00 am and time to head home. Brian told everyone he would be responsible for getting me home. He took me out front and we got in a cab. As soon as we got in the cab the driver laughed and said she must have had a fun night, I slept the whole ride home. I woke to Brian carrying me into the elevator in my building. He brought me to my apartment and put me to bed.

I have to tell you I was exhausted and a little sore, but being used by those nine guys was one of the best experiences of my life. It's hard to explain exactly, you're doing things that most people call dirty or wrong, but it feels so amazing while it's happening. Having that many people all using you for their pleasure is great. It makes you feel almost loved and need as weird as it may sound to some. But most of all I got to live a fantasy, which I would recommend to anyone.

As I woke in the mourning I felt really hung over. I did however most of what had happened the night before. I got up and went to the bathroom, and when I finished I looked out the window at Brian's apartment. I almost fell over with what I saw. He had my g-string from the night before hanging in his window! Around an hour later the doorbell rang. When I answered the phone there was no one there just an envelope. I opened the envelope and saw a picture of me pleasing the five guys. I laughed to myself and then read the note: "Maybe next time will be just the two of us. Tuesday 7:00. Love, Brian."