 This story was written in conjunction with another writer called Chris otherwise known as 'Party.' This is our first collaboration. Enjoy and please leave some comments. 

-------

The last thing that Erin wanted to do was to go to the gym for the third time that week.

Sure, her English husband Steve had purchased her a three month personal training package with one of his part-time co-workers, Eve, but that was two months and three weeks earlier. Now she'd shed five kilos and was looking tauter and was feeling better than she had ever felt since she met Steve when she was 22, seven long years ago.

Erin stared at the message on the screen with a tired sense of despondency that the visit of her post-lunch fatigue regularly left her.

'Special group session tonight to bring in the end of your contract. Bring your towel too because we've got the lap pool and spa booked.'

A swim would be nice after a group session, she thought, as she tapped in her response.

'Will there be champagne for the spa?' 

'Maybe. That depends on how you handle the group class we have organised.'

All Erin hoped was that it wasn't a spin class. She hated those bikes.

'Not spin,' she texted back, 'I hate spin.'

'Let's just say, your head will spin.'

Erin was about to reply with 'That's okay then.' when Eve's last text for the day filled the screen.

'It starts at 9 tho, a bit later than usual. That's just the way it is with these guys.'

Erin hated the late classes. She particularly hated the late spin classes. 

Considering that Steve was away for the night at a work safety conference though, the idea of heading to the gym and checking out all those buff guys, that many years earlier she would have tried her charms on, suddenly didn't feel like such a bad idea.

'No probs,' she replied. 'See you there.'

The gym sessions were, of late, becoming more of an excuse for Eve and Erin to gawk at the guys and discuss sex, than it was about the exercise. 

Eve was one of the secretaries that shared the duties within the engineering department at the local council where Steve worked. To make some cash on the side she helped co-workers get fit, and when Steve was tired of Erin's constant complaining about feeling unfit, he signed her up.

Later that night she was in the changing room of the gym looking at herself in the full length mirror.

"Not bad," she thought to herself as she took in her new, firmer body. She was dressed in a simple vest top over a sports bra and tight fitting leggings. "I guess it has been worth it. Wonder what the special class is?"

As she tied her long brown hair into a high ponytail Eve walked into the changing room.

"Looking good sexy lady!" said Eve, slapping Erin lightly on the arse. "I'm sure James will approve."

"Stop it you!" answered Erin. "What if he hears?"

James was the personal trainer who had been working most with Erin. He was perhaps five or six years younger than she was, and the body you'd expect of a PT, and was pretty cute and just a nice person to boot. Erin had to admit that she had developed a bit of a crush on him.

"So what if he does?" said Eve, folding her work clothes.

"Well I'd be massively embarrassed for one thing! I mean, he's a lot younger than me, I'm married..."

"Interesting order you put those in."

Erin felt herself blushing. Why had her subconscious put the fact James was younger than her ahead of her being married! What would Steve think?

"Besides," continued Eve, "there's nothing wrong with a bit of flirting."

"But, I'm married!" protested Erin.

"So? I'm not saying fuck the guy, just flirt with him a bit. You think he's good looking right? Well just try out your feminine wiles on him for a bit of fun, like you must have done before you got married. It's your last class, enjoy yourself, make it one to remember for both you and him."

Erin bit her lip. "I guess I could flirt a little bit."

"Good girl. Now let's start by taking that vest top off."

"What?!?! But then I'd just be in my bra!!"

"And? So will I. Come on, it'll be fun to see the reaction of James and the others."

Erin looked at Eve as she stood there in her black sports bra and leggings. A moment later she stripped her vest top off to reveal her own burgundy coloured bra. The two of them left the changing room and headed to the class studio.

Forty minutes later and they were nearing the end of their combined Zumba/ Step class and were sweaty messes. Erin kept checking her bra to check that the sweat hadn't revealed anything it shouldn't have. She also kept checking out James, making eye contact and then looking away.

Eve had been right, it was fun flirting with him, although Erin was a bit confused as to why the only others taking the class with the two of them were five other PTs.

At the end of the class James came over to the two women.

"Hope you enjoyed your last class Erin." he said, touching her arm lightly. "See you up at the pool soon?"

His touch had sent tingles through her body. "Stop it woman, you're acting like a giddy schoolgirl!" she thought to herself.

"Yes, looking forward to it." she managed to say.

"Not as much as I am," he replied.

Erin felt herself blushing as she returned to the changing room with Eve. She changed into her one-piece swimming costume and turned to see Eve wearing a bikini that was hardly there.

"Christ woman," Erin said as she gazed up and down Eve's taut, thin body. "You're so hot."

"So are you, baby," Eve said, "I think all the PT's like you."

It was an opportunity to ask why they were all there, and she took it.

Eve just smiled as she answered, "The Zumba classes are new for them, they're in training."

"Oh," Erin said, slightly disappointed.

"Either that," Eve moved forward and flicked a lock of hair back off Erin's shoulder, "or they just wanted to perve on you."

"Yeah, right, as if." Erin secretly was quite keen on the idea of them wanting her. Changing the subject she asked about the possibility of there being a drink on offer.

"Yeah," Eve said with an excited lilt to her voice. "Up in the spa room first, I think the guys are all there as well. You go up and I'll go get the drinks."

Erin watched Eve's cute little arse as she took off towards the office. With a slight fluttering in her stomach she tied her long brunette hair back into a rough ponytail and headed towards the spa room.

The steam hit her in the face as she entered the room and the six guys in the crowded spa all waved as she walked in.

"Towel racks are over there," James called out, pointing to a series of towels all hanging on the wall.

Looking at the six buff bodies in the spa Erin was suddenly filled with a heady mix of guilt, over weighed by a raging desire to be the centre of attention. Would Steve get in a spa filled with six hot babes? Yeah, of course he would, and he'd do it with a gallop.

"Where's Eve?" one of them asked as he slid across from James, leaving a gap open for her to settle in.

Erin took her place next to James.

"She's gone to get us some drinks. She'll be up soon."

"Ah, she should have checked. We've got some beers in here with us."

Sure enough one of the PTs pulled a cooler out from underneath the bench and began to hand bottles round.

"Oh, well we're both more wine girls really."

"Fair enough, sure you won't join us for one though, before Eve comes up? Celebrate the end of your training plan with us?"

Erin paused briefly.

"Why not," she replied, "one beer to kick things off."

James handed her an open bottle and took another for himself. He klinked his against hers.

"To my best student."

"To a great trainer."

Erin could have sworn he winked at her as they took their first swigs of beer, but it was such a fleeting movement that she wasn't sure.

Maybe it was the work out she'd done previously, maybe it was the steam, probably a combination of both, but already after her second swig she felt a bit of a buzz. James moved closer to her, his leg now brushing against hers.

"Better make a bit of room for Eve," he said.

The touch of his leg was sending tingles right through Erin's body.

"So guys," he said to the other trainers, "what do you make of Erin's progress over the last few months?"

"From what you've said James," answered one of the guys, Erin thought his name was Markus, "she's been the ideal student, but I can't really see the results properly."

"Fair point Markus," replied James, turning to Erin. "How about it Erin, why don't you show us your new, tight, sexy body?"

She blushed at his use of the word sexy, but stood and gave the guys a little twirl. She was about to sit when James stopped her.

Placing his hand on her flat belly he talked the others through some of the routines they'd done to loose the bit of fat she'd previously had there. His hand moved down her stomach as he did so and Erin was sure he grazed against the top of her trimmed pubes as he did so. Tingles ran through her body again.

James turned her around and, with both hands on her backside, again spoke to the rest of them about how it had tightened up. Again Erin was sure he moved his hands lower than needed and she felt a fingertip brush against her pussy through the material of her swimsuit.

"Yeah, but come on James, we can't really see the difference can we?"

Erin was still standing as James looked up at her.

"How about it Erin, why don't you take that costume off so we can properly show the team the results of your hard work?"

Looking down at him she could see there was quite a sizeable bulge in his shorts.

"James!" she said, not sounding to herself anywhere near as shocked as she should be. "I'm a married woman!

"True, aren't you proud of what you've done? Don't you want to show yourself off?"

She still hesitated.

"Would it help if we were all naked too? I mean, in Europe it's practically the law to be naked in the steam room!"

With that he and the others all whipped off their shorts.

"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god," Erin cried out as the six lads managed to pull their shorts off underwater. 

The bubbling water hid their genitalia from view, and all Erin could see was a flurry of wet shorts and swimmers being flung across the floor.

"You guys are unreal," Erin laughed, "Wait until Eve gets back." 

"Do you need another drink?" Marcus asked.

"I," Erin looked at her half full bottle and quickly necked the remainder before exclaiming, "I sure do."

Markus just stood up revealing his semi-hard cock to the gawping face of Erin.

"For fuck's sake," she moaned. 

"Well," Markus pointed at the beers, "I can't get them from here."

He made a point of crawling right past Erin as he clambered out of the spa and grabbed a few beers. He saw some movement through the small window in the door and hiding behind it he quickly opened it as Eve reached for the handle.

"Hello," he said from behind the door as Eve wandered in with two bottles of sparkling and two glasses.

"Hi darling boyfriend," she replied before she saw that he was stark bollocking naked. 

Erin was shocked to hear that Eve and Markus were an item, but not nearly as shocked as what Eve did next.

Gazing at all the shorts on the floor Eve had a chuckle and after carefully placing the glasses on the edge of the spa she reached around behind herself and undid her bikini top.

"Fuck yeah Eve," James called out and the others applauded. "Get those girl's out."

Eve's breasts were firm and hard, her nipples protruding nicely from the perfectly round areola. She turned towards Markus and took his cock in her hand as they began a long and slow kiss.

Erin felt a leg brush against her as she sat transfixed by the wanton display of lust in front of her.

"Fucking hell," she muttered under her breath as she found herself being highly aroused by the sight of Markus' cock becoming long and hard in Eve's talented hand.

Markus hooked his hand over Eve's bikini pants and rolled them down slowly over her arse until they were neatly rolled as one item across her upper thigh.

One of the guys stood up opposite Erin, his thick cock hung temptingly only inches away from her grasp. He smiled at her and gave his prick a quick squeeze before also climbing out of the pool, walking to the door, locking it, and then hanging a towel over the small window.

Erin was sure that he was going to get back into the spa, but rather he stood next to Eve and Markus and became the second cock for Eve to wank to full hardness.

"Get her knickers off," James called out as he watched the show. Erin could see by the placement of his hands that he was certainly stroking himself as he watched, as were the other three guys in the spa.

Markus did just that and next Eve kicked the thin ring of fabric across the room, tucked her blonde hair over her shoulder, looked Erin dead in the eyes and said "Come on babe, why don't you help me out with these guys?"

"But, but, I can't. I'm married."

Erin heard the words coming from her mouth, but her body was giving her other signals. The sight of Eve with Markus and the other guy's thick dicks in her hands.

She felt a hand on her arse.

"Mmm, I'm really proud of the job I did on this Erin," said a voice she recognised, "why don't you show it off properly?" His hand had worked its way inside the elastic of her costume and was now making direct contact with her naked flesh. He slid a bit further and made contact with her pussy.

"Mmmmnn, James, no please."

He continued his light rubbing of her groin.

"Come on Erin, isn't this nice. Why not join in, help your friend out?"

The feel of his hand had led her to close her eyes, but now opening them she saw that Eve was bent at the waist, with Markus' cock in her mouth and the other guy crouched behind her with his face buried in her cunt.

"But, but..." Her voice still protested, but somewhere deeper inside her her carnal desires took over and she felt her hands sliding the straps of her swimsuit off and then pull the damp material from her body.

"Oh fuck yeah!" exclaimed one of the guys.

Eve broke from her oral actions on Markus to take in her naked friend.

"That's it Erin, you'll love this work out more than any other, believe me!"

"Oh Erin, you look better than I imagined!" said James. "Do you know how many times I've wanked thinking of you? And now..."

He took his other hand from his cock and placed in her other arse cheek. Turning slightly he planted a kiss on her clit. Erin's legs nearly buckled as she came from just that slight touch.

"You're one incredibly sexy woman," continued James, before placing his mouth over her entire pussy and beginning to lap ferociously at her now dripping slit.

"Oh sweet Jesus James, yesssssssssssss!!!" Proclaimed Erin as she gripped his head.

Moments later she felt a hand on one of hers. Looking over she saw that they'd been joined by one of the other men. He took her hand and wrapped it around a shaft that was significantly bigger than Steve's. She was so overcome with lust that even the thought of her husband didn't cause her to skip a beat as she began to stroke this nice big cock.

A few minutes later something did cause her to break concentration, when she felt James' tongue probing at her anal sphincter.

"Woah, James! What are you doing there?"

"Well it's such a tight arse on the outside, I wanted to feel what it was like on the inside."

"I've never had anything put there before!"

"And what did you think?"

"It tickled, but in a kinda nice way."

"Then I'll carry on then. I tell you what, why don't you bend over and then I can get at you properly."

Erin complied and bent at the waist in front of him. He put his face between her legs again and she felt his tongue worm its way into her back passage.

The guy that she had been wanking off sat in front of her, his big dick waving in her face. Remembering how she'd seen Eve a few minutes before, Erin took hold of the rod and wrapped her lips around the head, causing the guy to groan. She felt a flash of pride that she was eliciting that sort of reaction from a younger man.

Suddenly she felt a small amount of pressure at her sphincter.

She removed the cock from her mouth. "That's not your tongue, is it?"

"Got me," said James, "it's the tip of my finger. Shall I take it out?"

"No, it's weird, but I sort of like it."

James didn't respond, just placed his mouth on her pussy as she returned her oral attentions to the man before her.

A minute or two later James' finger was fully in her back passage and she felt his mouth leave her pussy.

"Oh God Erin, you're so damn hot, I just have to fuck you!"

"Don't worry, love," said the guy with his cock in her mouth. "According to Bill Clinton, this isn't sex, and in some countries, neither is anal."

"Yeah, nice one Kris," Markus said.

Erin was about to protest wildly, but she suddenly remembered all those times that Steve would play with her anus as they fucked, how he'd always suggest she'd really like it. Now maybe the perfect opportunity to discover if a good bum fuck was to her liking or not. One thing that she did know, was that James's cock was going to need some lube.

Without words she quickly spun around and engulfed James' cock into her mouth. "Oh fuck yeah baby," he said, 'get it wet because it can't get any harder."

She had to agree, it couldn't. But with her spit drooling off the edge and his precum adding to the mix, it was ready to fill the devil's alleyway.

Erin returned to Kris' cock as she felt the hands of the other two guys spreading her cheeks apart for James. She had the attention of four men, and she was loving it.

Kris had the wherewithal to remove his cock from Erin's mouth lest she bite down on it, and it was well considered because Erin's initial grimace would have broken granite. 

James edged his cock in past her sphincter and held it there as she felt the sting begin. James spat down on her hole and edged his cock slightly out before gently pushing it back one third of the way in. 

With two inches of cock up her arse, Erin realised that maybe this isn't so bad, and when one of the guys tweaked her nipples and the other rubbed her swollen clit, the orgasm she had clarified it, she didn't mind a good bum-fuck at all.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," she cried out as she shook in pleasure.

"She's fucking loving it," James cried out, "Yeah, fuck that cock, suck that cock too baby because we're all going to have a piece of this fucking arse tonight."

Once more she came as James plowed his cock deep inside her. 

"I wonder how her cunt feels," Kris said, "You had her arse first, I reckon I get her cunt."

Erin popped his cock out and looking up at him said, "Yeah man, come on, fuck my cunt, then fuck my arse when you're done with it."

"Wow girl," Eve laughed out, "Steady on now."

Erin had to admit it, something had clicked inside her. As she swapped positions for Kris, seeing Eve now being fucked from behind as she sucked one of the guys turned her fully on. She wanted to be with Eve too, to be devoured and fucked and suck off all the guys with her new best friend.

Erin sat up on the edge of the spa and spread her legs wide, her pussy flowing with her orgasmic juices, Kris had no problem spearing her twat with his thick cock.

James urged the other two to get up on either side of Erin and it felt like it was totally natural when she took one in her hand and sucked the other, and began an alternating motion as she did so.

"She's a fucking expert already," James laughed out, "Look at her go."

Kris slid his cock out and tilted her legs back before sliding his cock into her arse.

"Oh for fuck's sake," Erin cried out, "Give me warning mate, give me some fucking warning next time."
