 Backpacking along a secluded route, no one has passed us in hours. The scenery is picturesque, with towering mountains above beautiful foliage as we trek along taking in all the beauty. The sun is warm, and our bodies sweaty, and you decide to stop and take off your shirt, revealing your bra-covered breasts and naked skin to the fresh air. My cock twitches. Then you remove your bra, bearing your naked breasts to the world as you slip them into your pack and put your pack back on. I take my own shirt off, bearing my naked chest to the wilderness surrounding us, and we are soon hiking half naked down the trail, your entire upper body bare, as well as mine. The bright summer sun shines on our skin, the breeze tickling our sensitive hairs. 

Our talk turns to sex as we continue and I cajole you into taking off your pants, taking off mine in return. We stand there in the open air and sun, you wearing nothing but your little panties, me nothing but my tight athletic boxer-briefs, obviously getting harder. The experience is liberating, and we are both getting aroused. I sneak a hand to your ass, and you sometimes tease at my hardening cock. We don't say much, but our thoughts are converging on a rapidly consuming path of carnal pleasure.

We stop at a grassy clearing near a stream and pond and you drop your backpack. You drop down in front of me, pulling down my boxers and greedily pulling me into your mouth. In no time, your warm moist mouth is bobbing on my hard member. I haven't even taken my backpack off as my hands go through your hair and glide along your bare skin while you take me in deeper. The pleasure is unbelievable as you pull me in as deep as you can, and suck on me as you bob, building suction that adds to the sensation. You play with me, nearly naked in the warm grass, until I am cumming in your mouth, you swallowing me down with each spurt splashing into your mouth. 

My pack is quickly discarded as you lay on the ground, practically naked, and slide the last piece of clothing off your body. Your retreating panties reveal your moist seeping pussy and I quickly lay on top of you as we kiss and play with each other's bodies with our building desire. You feel my fingers sliding into you and rubbing and pressing inside you as you get worked up from the pleasure, laying in the grass, the warm sun on your skin and the light breeze brushing against you. You feel my fingers leave you, and feel them replaced with the head of my hard cock, pulsing at your entrance, and then pushing into you, plunging into your juices, spreading your pussy lips to let me enter. I start driving in and out of you as I caress your body and we kiss. In and out, building friction inside you, around my cock as it moves within you. I kiss your neck, and play with your nipples. 

Your breathing and moans getting heavier as pleasure builds as we press against each other on the soft grass in the open of the small clearing. The pleasure builds and you get louder as you near your orgasm, and then you cum, ecstasy shuddering through your body as I pound into you. You grab my body with all your limbs and hold me tight. I continue driving into you and you near another orgasm as my movements increase, and you whisper in my ear, the first words to be spoken since we reached the clearing, "harder, Josh, harder.... I'm close.... oh, yes, just like that." I pick up my pace, and your breathing and moans are getting louder, "Yes, like that, ohh" you continue between heaving breaths and guttural sounds. 

"You feel so good around me," I answer. 

You are in another world as the intensity rises. "Oh, harder... mmm.... cum in me Josh, cum in me..." you moan, lost in pleasure as your orgasm crests and overtakes you and I join you, cumming deep inside you, spurt after spurt flooding your orgasming pussy. We're lost in pleasure as we're overtaken on the grass.

We go into the warm summer pond to clean off and play with each other, caressing each other's soft bodies. You plunge underwater and bring your mouth to my hardening rod beneath the surface, and slide me in, sucking on me underwater, turning me on incredibly as you float beneath the surface. The warm water surrounds our naked bodies in the sun as the suction from your mouth pulls on my shaft, increasing my pleasure. Periodically, you bob back to the surface for air, dive down, grabbing my bare ass as you pull me back into your mouth.

One last time you bob up for air and I grab your body thrust my hot, steel-hard cock into your pussy beneath those sparkling waters, sliding into your even warmer folds. Before we know it we are locked in total, aggressive abandonment, my body pounding into yours, hands and limbs nearly tearing into each other grasping intensely each other's bodies. Driving, screaming, splashing, grasping, pounding, trembling, and releasing with sudden and passionate abandon.

~~~~~~~~~

We continue backpacking down the trail completely naked towards our camp for the night. The warm sun shines on our bare skin as we walk. As the sun starts to get low, we turn the corner and there's our camp, but with somebody there, staring at our naked bodies as we stand frozen. A young, thin, blonde girl with a cute English accent is there, no more than 18, sitting on a log by the fire pit, looking at us. You find her incredibly attractive, and you feel your arousal and desire welling up inside you, both from her and the situation. 

She says hi and says her name is Lynn, and she has an incredibly cute voice, arousing you more. We take off our bags, introduce ourselves, and apologize for our nudity. She sits there scanning over both our bodies. Dressed in shorts, her long smooth legs are shown down to her bare feet, and a halter top showing off some of her flat belly, her hardening nipples poking through the thin fabric. 

"Don't bother dressing on my account. Come sit down." We go over and you sit next to her and I next to you, both of us still naked. She comments on liking your body as she stares at it. You comment you like hers too. 

Her hand grazes your thigh, "You're skin is so soft" she says and you are overwhelmed by desire and as soon as she looks up into your eyes you are kissing her passionately on the lips. I watch as her hands roam your naked body, delicate soft fingers gliding across your skin, cupping your breasts, tweaking your nipples, sliding along your thighs. 

You part your legs automatically to allow her touch to move inward and reach higher, trickling up ever closer to your wet pussy waiting for her touch. Then it comes, her soft hands touching your soft folds, sliding along them in exploratory movements. You are on fire, your breath getting heavy, her touch electric as she plays with you, and then a small finger gracefully slides right into you, gliding along your fluids into your depths, playing with you from inside. You are extremely excited, lost in a world of pleasure, a second finger sliding in as your body responds to her touch, her penetration of your juicy oriface. She brings you quickly to orgasm, pleasure shuddering through your naked body, ecstatic release. 

You can no longer keep your hands off her and lean into her, pulling off her tank top, exposing her naked upper body and pert little upturned breasts. You kiss her skin, and feel her body, her breasts, nipples, taught skin of her belly breathing heavily, kissing down her chest, over her breasts, onto her nipples, sucking and toying with them. I watch intently as you pleasure her young body both caught up in the moment out in the warm air. Twilight comes as you go down to her shorts and undo them and slide them down her smooth legs, and off her feet. 

I watch as I get the fire going, building a large blaze warming your skin, and you slide off Lynn's red silky panties, revealing her shaved pussy and her entire body naked in the summer air, waiting for you. You turn her body and lay her down on the log with her legs spread on either side, and you inbetween. You lean over and kiss up her thighs until you reach her open pussy, kissing her puffy lips up to her clit, kissing and sucking, rubbing her legs and belly, dipping down to taste her sweet nectar between her moist folds, dipping your tongue into her, and licking back up, pleasuring this sexy girl to no end as she moans and squirms to your touch, getting louder and louder. 

I go behind you and touch your body as you eat young Lynn's pussy. I watch intently at her squirming body pleasured by you and slide my hand down your dripping pussy, rubbing your own sensitive folds. I can't stand it, I have to be inside you as I watch excitedly and I slide my incredibly hard penis to your hole, and slide slowly in. You rock on me as you continue pleasuring Lynn to a second or third orgasm, her body quaking with ecstacy, squirming in your hands, knowing you are causing all this pleasure in this cute girl we just met on the trail, while pleasure builds inside you, my hard hot cock sliding in and out of you, my hands caressing your skin. 

You pull her lithe naked body up to you, pressing her soft skin into yours as she kisses you and gips you as you ride my cock. She sucks and nibbles at your breasts and nipples, and you go over the edge, orgasming hard in her hands, my cock buried deep inside you. 

Lynn kisses back up to your lips kissing and tonguing your mouth and then says to you, "I want to eat your pussy." Sounds exciting to be eaten out by this young blonde girl and you eagerly agree. 

You slide off my cock and lay down and spread your legs, Lynn laying on top of you, kissing you, feeling her flushed soft body on top of you, and then slowly sliding down as her hands caress their way down your body with her, stopping a moment at your breasts, and then continuing down to your thighs and waiting pussy, going down, and kissing your clit, and around your folds, and dipping into your juices, dipping into your pussy. This soft young feminine body pleasures your naked body in the open by the roaring fire, pleasure building and rising inside you, taking you to another world. Lynn moves her body as her mouth and slithering tongue pleasure your pussy so that her ass rises up, offering herself, wanting some pleasure of her own. 

Watching you get lost in pleasure by her has me extremely excited, and I go up behind her and bring my cock to her pussy and slide in her in one long stroke deep inside as a gutteral groan vibrates into your pussy. You groan as well, feeling all this pleasure, and I begin sliding in and out as I watch you squirm with pleasure from her touch on your skin and her mouth on your clit and pussy, orgasming, excitement heightened by the situation and the young sexy girl now pleasuring you and groaning into your pussy with my thrusts. 

I pull her around until you two are in a sixty-nine position and I am driving into her tight wet pussy right above you, her hot sweaty body on top of yours, your hands grabbing at her body as orgasms wash over you. Her body spasms around my cock and she cums, gushing juices out around me and splashing down right on your lips. You smell her and drink her juices, only adding to the intensity of the moment. Her muscles grip and tense around me and I can't hold back anymore, and I start cumming inside her as you watch, noticing my spasms spurting my cum deep inside her pussy, all of us seemingly orgasming at that same time. 

I pull out and my cum and her fluids suddenly pour out onto your lips and into your mouth. You taste my cum dripping into your mouth from her pussy, and her own juices mixing in, and swallow it down. Lynn sits up, resting her pussy on your mouth and you go at her, sucking and licking, tasting her as well as you eat her out. I touch her young body and play with her breasts as I rest and come down from my orgasm, and she plays with your breasts, holding them in her small hands and sliding them along your body as you lick her.

I go around to between you naked thighs, and rub your smooth flesh, sliding my hands up to your still wet pussy as I rub, soon sliding a finger in your juicy folds, up inside you as you pleasure Lynn with her young pussy on your mouth and naked slim body in your roaming hands. I bring my cock to replace my finger and slide into you, pressing in deeply. Sliding in and out of you, pressing deep, my hands and Lynn's hands caressing your body, sliding over your bare skin warmed by the fire, cupping your breasts and tweaking your nipples, Lynn's juices seeping into your mouth as you suck at her and lick her, and she moans louder and louder. You feel her squeeze your hands around her breasts as she screams out in orgasm, shaking and oozing with juices covering your face. 

You feel her spasms shaking through you as I pound into you, your own orgasm welling up as you hear her screams of ecstacy and her body spasms on top of you in a rolling orgasm from your touch. She gets down off you and comes beside you, kissing you and caressing your skin and your breasts, as you get lost in your own building ecstacy, moaning louder, the intensity rising as I drive into your pussy and grip your hips and Lynn crouches over you naked and pleasures you, her soft skin and soft lips against yours. Then it overtakes you as you feel my hard cock driving deeper and harder into you, you orgasm hard, her soft hands gliding over your naked body beneath the moon and stars, beside the glowing fire, you scream out with pleasure into the night, gripping Lynn tightly as it washes over you, clinging your legs around me, pulling me in more. 

"Oh Josh, I'm cumming," you yell out in a trance, tensing uncontrollably, pleasure coursing through you, and you feel me cumming inside you, spurting into your spasming pussy over and over as you ride out the final moments.

Lynn gets up as we ride out the end of your orgasm and our bodies recover, and she goes over to her bag and starts rummaging around. You curiously watch, both to look at her naked, young, lithe body in the light of the fire, bending over her bag, and to see what she is going after. She finds it, a dildo, but with straps... she pulls out a strapon, and slides it on, up her long smooth legs. I get out of the way, and she takes my place, bringing the tip to your very wet pussy, and slowly sliding in you. You groan as you feel it push in, and her body lay against you, her skin against yours, her breasts pressing into your chest, her hands caressing you, and finally her lips on your lips as she begins to push it in and out of your still excited pussy. 

The pleasure builds all over again as you feel her sweaty young body rocking against you, the ribbed dildo rubbing in and out of you. Watching your bodies pleasuring each other, sliding against each other, kissing, excites me again and I come around behind her with my newly erect cock. The straps go on either side of her glistening pussy and I grab her nice round ass as I watch her pleasure you to no end, and I press the tip of my hard cock to her pussy lips, and push in. You hear her suddenly groan into your ear, and you figure out what is happening as we look at each other and I rock in and out of her, and she moans, exciting you. Lynn rocks her body, pressing into you and sliding me in and out of her at the same time, trapped by our bodies, locked between us, pinging back and forth, pleasuring us both.

Your pleasure builds both from her soft warm body and her kisses and moans, and you moan too, caught up in the moment, and orgasm creeping up on you. You both get louder, a chorus of moans rising with your electric feelings shuddering through you. You begin to cum, grabbing Lynn hard, pressing her against you, and she begins to cum as well, grabbing you and screaming as her movements quickly speed up, and her body tenses, and she moves with wild abandon on top of you, and inside of you. 

I start driving into her harder and harder, slamming into her, the movement cascading through her and jolting into you through her strapon buried deeply inside you. I pound and you feel it jutting inside you, her body shaking against you, naked and pressed into you, sliding on a sheen of sweat, moans and screams echoing through the night, coursing through the trees. The fire flames beside us as a new chorus of orgasmic moans and screams pour from both of your lips, her hands roaming your soft skin, your hands grabbing hers, gliding along her smooth little body. You can't believe the experience, and everyone is spasming as I let go deep inside Lynn on top of you. 

She moans into your ear that I'm cumming inside her, filling her with my cum. Your orgasm completely overtakes you, gone, lost in a world of excstacy as her spasming body makes the dildo spasm inside you, along with the jolts of my cock slamming into her pussy. Over and over, we ride out the intensity of the moment and collapse on top of each other, a heap of sweaty ecstatic naked bodies under the full moon, beside the roaring fire, in the middle of nowhere.

We rest, and eventually you two decide to flip over so you can be on top riding the strapon, she lays back on the plank, and you go over her, staring at her thin body and pert breasts and hard pointy nipples, as you lower yourself onto her, onto the strapon, pushing it inside you, already slick from your juices, driving it deep inside you. You rock on top of her and she runs her hands over your body, grabs your ass, your breasts, glides along your skin, scrapes down your back, you kiss, soft lips against soft lips, you feel her little tongue, the large rod inside you pushing in and out with your movements. You feel me behind you, caressing your skin as well. 

Lynn sucks in a nipple and nibbles at it, tonguing it between bites as pleasure builds and builds and builds inside you. You feel my slick finger at your asshole, rubbing and then sliding in, pressing slowly deeper into your ass as the dildo drives in and out of your pussy, her hands caressing your body, and lips wrapped around your nipple. Her bites send shocks through your body as you feel my finger pressed all the way in, building in intensity. You are moaning and lost in another world, eyes shut, experiencing the feelings subjected to your body. 

"Ohhhh, I want you in my ass, please..." you moan out to me, your cries getting louder from all this stimulation. I bring my extremely hard cock at your beckoning to your asshole above the ribbed dildo sliding in and out of your wet pussy. I press in, sliding slowly into your ass, feeling both entrances filled with cock, feeling my hot, hard rod sliding deeper and deeper along the dildo in your pussy, lost in the pleasure and incredible intensity of the moment. I feel the dildo through your body as I begin to rock against you as you feel both of us pressing in and out of you, her nibbling on you nipple, her soft hand on your other breast, her other along you soft flushed skin, moaning louder and louder, breathing heavier and heavier. 

Soon you're cumming, spasming, screaming with pleasure, the moment completely overtaking you and driving you to insanity as you feel all this stimulation coursing through your heaving body. You come down from your high only a moment, and Lynn kisses your lips and pulls you against her naked firm body, her legs wrapping around us. And you go over the edge again, cumming all over again as we drive into you, my hands roaming your body, I slap your ass, and you feel it throughout your body. "Harder" you say, "harder, Oh Josh! Oh!" 

I spank you harder, my palm cracking against your bare cheek. I kiss your neck and suck on your skin, caressing you with my other hand, feeling three hands caress you body, and one slapping your ass. Orgasm after orgasm, fluids gushing from your body, and then my own as I join your orgasms, spurting my cum deep inside you over and over, and I kiss your neck and shoulders, and we ride out the intensity of the moment.
