 As Brandon arrived back into the room, she had him sit on the couch. She closed the door as turned back around to him with a wicked smile, as she had an unlit cigarette dangling from her mouth and he could see her nipples were solid as a rock and pointing straight out. She knelt before him, lips teasingly close to his throbbing erection and asked for a light. He pulled a lighter from the table next to him and lit it for her as she inhaled deeply and then exhaled through her nostrils and the corners of her closed mouth, letting it flow slowly and seductively. Her enormous breasts were resting on Brandon's cock as she started to titfuck him with his full-grown member being squeezed between her heaving warm bosoms. 

During this, she sucked in on her cig that was barely hanging out of her trashy lips, smiling wildly up at him. She then got up with the cig held in her lips and done a sexy lap dance, all the while occasionally dragging and exhaling very erotically, a she shimmied seductively up his body with the smoke curling out of her dirty mouth. Brandon could tell that she must have been a stripper before from the way she danced. She kept telling him "no touching, not yet." She once again held the cig in her mouth as she kept moving her head closer and closer towards Brandon's straining member. After teasing a couple of times, she took the cigarette from her mouth and exhaled a large cloud around the head of his cock going down once and right back up, then reminding him not to touch.

As she started dancing again, she was sitting on Brandon's lap, grinding her ass against his aching cock and midsection as she smoked her cigarette and talked trash. He could no longer hold back as he grabbed her tits and slid into her ass in one fell thrust. She screamed "How dare you!" at first but didn't struggle much as she was really enjoying it. And she still had her smoke in her hand as she dragged deeply on occasion turning Brandon on all the more. It was obvious that not too many guys had probably had the nerve to try something like that with her. He was pounding away at her soft ass, as her chest was wildly bouncing up and down making slapping noises that filled the tiny room with echoes and her loud screams of pleasure. She had lit a second cigarette and every once in a while she dragged and exhaled long streams of smoke as she rode hard enough to rip her ass to high hell.

The whole time they were exchanging dirty talk here and there. "You love that dick in your ass, don't you, you cute little cocksucking tramp!" 

"I'm gonna milk your cock til it's sore and dry, bitch!" 

Brandon felt and heard her orgasm a couple of times and then screamed "Ohhh god, I'm about to cum!" With this, she got up, tits flopping so wildly that she almost tripped, and fell to her knees, violently pushing him back. She took a quick puff on her cig and exhaled as she sucked the tip of his dick for a minute, and then let the full blast hit her face like a piston. As she moved up to sit in Brandon's lap, she dragged again and kissed him very deep upon exhale, almost choking him, as she dug her fingernails into his back leaving large scratch marks across it. He liked it though and didn't mind. 

"Had to give you something to remember me by didn't I?" She got up and Brandon asked her name, now that he had gotten what he wanted. She got irritable for a second, laughed, and crawled off. She told him "Don't push it honey. You were good but not that good and besides I've had my fun with you. I'm sure you have other things to be doing. Nice dick though." She motioned toward the door as she went to clean up. So Brandon left without another word said. He never seen her again.........

Brandon was tired as hell by this point, as he has had a long night already. Apparently, he was not the only one because he seen a group of people hanging out in one of the many rooms trailing from the main (living?) room. He recognized Miranda, Giselle, and Tommy, who yelled at him. "Yo, Brandon, come on, have a seat!" 

"Where's Cheryl?" Brandon heard himself asking. 

Some guy he didn't recognize said "What's the matter? You're not ready to leave already are ya? The party's just startin." 

Though, to be honest, Brandon's body felt like saying 'Well, I'm just finishing', but instead he said "I'm worn out. If I stay, I can't do anything else, tonight." 

"That's cool, man. I haven't seen Cheryl for at least the last half hour." Tommy said. So anyway, Brandon told everyone he was going to go grab a drink and he would be right back. By the time he got back, there seemed to be somewhat fewer people. Anyway, Brandon told Tommy he was about ready to split in a little bit here and that he'll catch him later. Tommy then says "No need to be in a huge hurry. We've blocked some rooms off for anyone who wants to crash." Brandon was tired as hell and he knew this didn't sound good, as he would probably be disturbed way too often. But he grabbed a plate of food and a couple drinks and asked to be shown to a room. He was so tired that he passed right out....