 Early morning. It was about 7:30. Brandon knew this as he forgot to turn the alarm on his watch off. At the same time, the other thing that woke him up and the main thing, was that he awoke in the middle of a wet and sticky double blowjob from two of the horniest girls. One of the girls was black, light skinned, with about a B-cup and a trim figure, full lips, and a cute face. She had a couple of dyed red streaks in otherwise straight, long, black hair. The other girl was white with somewhat short, blonde hair. She was skinny as hell, and while she wasn't a knockout, she looked decent. Plus, she more than made up with her skills and motivation. Anyway, when Brandon's eyes opened, he started to moan "Ohhh...Yeah, baby! Just like that!" He noticed that the black girl had a pierced tongue as he seen and felt her hot mouth and tongue wrapped fully around his length. Her tongue was circling around the shaft and head, rubbing with her tongue ring. And the other girl had both of his balls in her mouth, sucking the life out of them, alternating. She was damned good, too. 

Just then, the blonde stopped to ask "Have you eaten lately?" 

They both giggled for a second, kissed, and then the black girl said "Open wide, boy" as she straddled Brandon's face and started grinding her moist wetness onto his waiting lips. The blonde girl had started to slowly pump his fully engorged manhood before continuing with a medium-paced sloppy blowjob.

The whole time, Brandon was trying to keep going, though he wanted to blow his load right there. After the day before, he was surprised he still had that much energy. As he licked, probed, and fingered at her nether regions, she screamed nasty things like "Yeaaahh!...Oooo....yeeahh..eat me!...fuck me with your tongue baby!" 

The blonde pulled her head up off of him for a minute, making a suction noise as she pulled off of a long, hard suck where his cock was poking her cheeks. "Mmmm. ..Fuck yeah! I love the taste of cock in the morning" she said playfully. 

Brandon still knew neither girl's name and was thinking in the back of his mind, 'This is unreal'. Anyway, the black girl told him not to stop as she turned around to face the blonde chick who was moved up to position herself right above his throbbing erection. Holding his dick in one hand, she slowly lowered herself down as she moaned in satisfaction and the two girls kissed.

The blonde, Brandon could tell wasn't a novice, by any means as she was more loose than a lot of girls her age and seemed more experienced. She was wet as hell, and the sounds of her dripping cunt slamming down onto his fat, rock hard cock could probably be heard two rooms away. The whole while, Brandon was keeping up in the black girl's delicious cleanly shaven vagina, licking her walls all over, and teasing the g spot, licking just over it and back, fingering her and rubbing simultaneously. He could taste her juices flowing into him as she was bending over to suck the other girl's nipples while pushing ever harder down onto his face. Brandon decided when she did this to start licking at her back door. Startled at first, she started groaning and yelled "You like that ass, motherfucker?" He continued licking around her puckered hole, teasing a little, feeling her soft cheeks brushing delicately with one finger.

As soon as Brandon's tongue started to enter and lick at her, the girl riding him broke her pace, stopping at the base of his dick and squeezing as hard as she could while moving back up slowly and releasing her grip as she dropped quickly back down. He lost control, cumming inside her hard, filling her fresh, sticky mound with an overload of his hot, gooey cum, which poured out down her leg. As she got off and laid down, Brandon and the black girl spread her legs and licked clean the trails up her thighs, as they met at her crotch, half licking before turning it into a kiss. Then he pressed his lips to her cunt as he started to devour both her juices and his own. He stopped after a minute to let the black girl finish the job.

This girl passionately dove in, like she was kissing a lover. "Mmm" the black girl moaned as the other one whimpered. As she was munching on her friend, Brandon started to lick her ear and move behind her doggystyle position. He kept close to her as he made the maneuver, breathing heavily upon her neck. 

She was groaning with passion as he whispered in her ear softly "You want it in that ass, baby?" 

She said in between licks "Yeahh..please..baby." Brandon started to feel her ass, fingering a little with some natural lube (saliva). He realized this girl was definitely no stranger to backdoor relations as he thought he would have no problem sliding right in. He continued to wet her and lube her with his one finger, pumping and curling as he toyed with her while suckling and kissing her smooth, babysoft buns. Then, he got up and turned left and right, playfully slapping her crack with his raging weapon of lust. She screamed "Don't tease me, you bastard!" and then he pointed his erection at her tight ass and slowly entered until he was filling her to the hilt. This girl was grabbing Brandon's cock with her ass practically. She was better than he had thought. She has shifted some of her focus off her partner and started to push back and pump against him, wanting him to go faster and harder. He started to hold her in place strongly, not letting her control the pace as he started slowly, rhythmically pumping in and out in long, sensuous strokes. He was shifting direction the whole time.

Brandon would shift his bodyweight down at one point while thrusting up, and vice versa just kinda toying with her a little. After a minute of this, he said "You want it harder, baby?" and before she could speak, he was pounding like it was his last time. Her girlfriend had moved to the side and was egging her on. He was moving in her smooth as hell, almost knocking her off her hands with every thrust forward. Then without warning, he grabbed her arms and pushed her down on her stomach as he ground harder into her, making her scream. 

Brandon then picked the pace up even more and after a few minutes, he heard this hot, black honey yell "I'm cumming..oh god..I'm cumming...OOOOOAAawwww..Ooo yeah!"

Right after she climaxed, Brandon yelled "Fuck, I'm about to blow!" She got up and violently pushed him back as both girls dropped to his cock like hungry hyenas. The black girl's full lips engulfed the head of his cock as he erupted and she caught everything. She then got up and the other girl laid down smiling as the black girl crawled over her body, breasts pushed against breasts and face to face. The black girl then leaned down as if to kiss her and dropped Brandon's cum into the blonde gal's open mouth as they kissed and he seen both swallow and roll off. 

The blonde girl said "Mmmm. That was great. By the way, I'm Sandy and this is Monique." She said it sort of jokingly and giggled like 'oh yeah, by the way' or 'no big deal'. 

"And you are?" Monique asked. 

"Brandon" he said. "This room service is great. I'll have to remember to stay here more often." 

Monique said "Look, we gotta go shower. You're friends with Miranda, right?" 

He replied "Yeah." 

"Well, we'll see ya later." So he caught a ride home, and decided that he would get some more rest and return tonight.