 Tonight was my night; tonight I would get to decide what would happen. I had been giving it much thought since Monique had reminded me of that last night. 

I had decided that my fantasy was to capture this evening's session on film so that Hillary and I could watch and fuck to it throughout the cold winter months. I was also fascinated as to what was left in the box.

When all the chores were finished I came into the kitchen.

"Hillary, I want you to be me tonight," I said making towards the laptop in the centre of the table. 

"I want you to fuck Monique as if it were me fucking you, then once you have shown me, I'll do it all to you, then if we all have enough energy perhaps Monique could have a go." 

She nodded in eager acceptance, "Don't forget your vitamin pill," she said, rolling the blue tablet across the table.

I popped the pill into my mouth and made off with the laptop into the cosy living room that had been the scene of our sex sessions all week. 

The camera set up took longer than I thought; I kept moving the camera from side to side of the small room, trying to get the best angle, setting the tripod, adjusting the height, and sorting the lighting. I used the laptop as a monitor and a reading lamp as a spot light, checked and re-checked everything; batteries, sound, remote and hard drive space -- we had a green light.

Once I was satisfied that everything was set up to perfection I reported readiness to the girls still sat around the kitchen table, both in their robes tweaking their hair and adjusting their make up nervously.

I was told to go back into the living room and shut my eyes. 

I stood in the small room, silent in anticipation. I stool for what seemed a while then I heard the door open and the girls quietly enter. I heard a distinct shuffling sound as the box was placed on the hard stone floor next to the sofa and the distinctive rustle of clothing being removed.

"OK, you can look now," Hillary called out after a few more seconds of eager anticipation.

I spun around, clicked the remote and panned in to the corner where the girls were making their entrance. Hillary was leading Monique with a short leather leash. Monique was blindfolded with a red silk scarf and gagged with a leather harness and ball gag. I was concentrating hard on the filming, determined to capture every detail, so that Hillary and I could re-live these moments forever.

Monique took small shuffling steps as Hillary led her towards the green leather sofa in the centre of the room. Both women were naked, except for the big black strap-on bouncing before Hillary as she walked in, it bounced and jiggled, slapping her thighs as she spun Monique around on the sofa.

As Monique turned it revealed a pair of pink fluffy handcuffs restraining her hands behind her back. On all fours, sideways on the sofa, Hillary pushed Monique's head down making her ass rise in the air. I followed to girls and zoomed in to making the most of the camera angle, knowing that this would spark my cock into action both now and in the future.

Hillary was playing up to the camera, she turned and gazed sexily into the lens, bending, allowing me to pan to her ample backside. She rubbed one hand down her thigh, slapped her butt, letting the camera capture the rippling of her flesh as she spanked herself twice more. She pulled on her butt cheek, teasing the lens as her crack opened with a view of her puckered brown bud.

She continued down and rummaged in the box. She came out clutching a large black butt plug, smaller in length than my cock, but twice as wide in girth. She applied a liberal amount of lube to the smooth end and offered it up to Monique's eagerly awaiting, tight and wrinkled anus. 

Eyes wide open, a sexy glint in her bright and sparkling emerald eyes Hillary smiled sexily into the lens as she gently pushed the black knob into Monique's dark tunnel.

Hillary gazed straight at the camera and said sexily, "I want you to do this to me."

Monique stared to breathe heavily through her nostrils and bite on the ball in her mouth as the dense plastic plug plopped home. Her eyebrows arched under the scarf and she started to force air into her mouth past the gag, puffing her cheeks and flaring her nostrils further.

Hillary rapped Monique's backside, a loud and rasping crack filled the room. Monique jumped, the ball almost popping out of her mouth.

Hillary went back to the box, this time returning with a small wooden paddle. Playing up to the camera Hillary swished and swiped it above Monique, kneeling, her plugged rear end thrust upward, on the sofa.

Whack! she slammed it on to Monique's rump. A muffled cry emanated from behind the gag.

"I want you to do this to me too," she said sexily, directly into the lens, licking her lips with a long and lusty stare. 

My sap was beginning to rise, my head darting from monitor to real life and back, my concentration on the technical task waning rapidly.

Hillary went to work with the wooden bat on Monique's backside. Smacking and rapping it, making her buttocks wobble and oscillate around the monstrous butt plug protruding from her dark centre. Red blotches started to appear as the beating grew in intensity. Monique was puffing and panting more urgently within the gag. I zoomed back and forth, the lens examining the wealds.

A strangely steely and determined glint was in Hillary's eyes as she swiped at Monique's tender rump, punitively beating at her rather than in sexual play, seemingly punishing her for being such an accepting slave.

Hillary checked herself and stopped the pounding. She massaged the reddened mounds with her hands, kissing and nibbling at the pale and tingling flesh. Although still panting and biting on the ball, Monique responded by pushing her rump towards this softer and gentler onslaught.

Again Hillary went to the box. This time, out came the large pink dildo. She took the end in her mouth, turned to the camera, twirled it around and sighed as she withdrew it. Instead of using lube she spat at Monique's exposed gash and span the bulbous end directly into the rapidly wetting crease.

As Hillary pushed the huge dildo home a muffled cry came from behind the gag, clearly Monique was staring to enjoy the heightened intensity of the sensations, her senses amplified by her sensory depravation behind her silken mask.

Hillary showed the fully embedded dildo to the camera, buried up to the hilt inside Monique's clenching cunt, Hillary then thrust it in and out for a few strokes, the camera catching the glistening of Monique's juices and threads of come down the long pink shaft.

Hillary stood, leaving Monique blindfolded with the butt plug stretching her tight ass and the thick pink dildo sticking out of her velvet twat. She removed the gag as I moved the camera over Monique's trembling body, capturing the scene for all time. 

Monique took a deep breath just as Hillary offered the big black end of the strap-on to her wide open mouth.

"I want your cock in my mouth like this as well," Hillary explained to the camera huskily.

Monique's mouth was at full stretch and she was gagging on its length as Hillary thrust her hips back and forth.

"I want you to come deep in my throat," she said, "I want you to shoot your come right down my gullet."

My cock was now at full attention, a tent was sticking out from my shorts, I had never seen Hillary so forthright about what she wanted before. She was really getting into this.

She replaced the ball in Monique's mouth and swung around behind her.

"Then I want you to fuck me, hard, like this," she said removing the dildo and plunging the strap-on straight into Monique's pouting cunt. 

Hillary slid the big black member in to Monique, to its full length, extracting an increase of urgent puffs from Monique's cheeks. Monique still strained for breath under the gag, her moans and groans echoed in the small room as she ground her hips back at the deeply invasive tool.

Hillary's eyes rolled as the pleasure of her mound hitting the black plastic ridge sped through her body, as her speed increased the noises coming from Monique became more urgent, I realised that they were both going to come. 

Monique came first, biting on the ball, tensing her body and then exhaling a deep sigh, her body flopping limp and buckling under Hillary's deep thrusting. As she collapsed Hillary came, throwing her head back in a series of deep gasps.

Forgetting the camera Hillary rolled Monique over and released the cuffs. She kissed at her naval and moved upwards, struggling to remove the gag from our friend's mouth.

Once released Monique did her best to compose herself, flexing her jaw and moistening her lips. Hillary stopped at Monique's left nipple and began to suck noisily. Monique's hand cupped at Hillary's head, kneading at her soft brown hair.

Kissing and moving upward Hillary offered her nipple to Monique's fervent mouth. Monique took it in, drawing it in, rolling her tongue around and extending the nub to its full.

"Now, how would you be doing that to me?" I asked.

"Sorry," said Hillary, "I just love my nipples being sucked... now, where were we?" she said recovering her focus and composure.

Hillary replaced the gag and the cuffs, laying Monique on her back and securing her hands above her head. She reached into the box for a third time, this time a small metal object on a chain emerged. What on earth? I thought, as I panned the camera. The image of the sharp teeth of a nipple clamp developed on the small screen in front of my eyes. I let out an audible gasp as my wipe emerged from the box carrying a long metal chain and a matching pair of crocodile like clamps.

Hillary teased at Monique's nipple with her mouth, pulling at the distended button. Holding her own breasts and nipples brushing at Monique's teat, Hillary looked like she was starting to lose herself in the moment. 

A sharp intake of breath prompted the successful clamping of Monique's right nipple. She sucked at the ball and panted around its edge, puffing her cheeks as the pain registered through her body. Hillary attached the second clamp and began the task of teasing Monique's nipples, pulling the chain, blowing over the flesh, raking her nails over the soft mounds and licking around the prickly metal teeth.

Monique's breathing grew heavier, she pushed her chest up each time Hillary raked and teased at her breasts, sucking on the ball she began to whimper. I couldn't tell if she was writhing in pain or pleasure as she thrust her chest upward towards Hillary's eager and massaging tongue. I focussed on her face trying to find an expression as her flushed cheeks puffed out back and forth, her eyes still covered by the soft silk material.

Hillary moved her hand down to Monique's generous and protruding clit. She lent down and spat at the smooth nub, took the flesh of the hood between thumb and forefinger and began to wank at it, roughly. 

Monique's body jerked and twitched as Hillary's pace quickened and her stroke lengthened, her body bucked and rocked as she came again, concentrating on the intense sensations, still constrained by the gag and robbed her sight by the silk bandage.

Again Hillary went to the box, this time stepping out of the strap-on. She came out with a small plastic tube. Generously applying spit to Monique's clit she placed the tube over the end, attached a sucker and pumped away.

I zoomed the camera in to the sight of Monique's already well endowed clit swelling to two or three times its size within the clear plastic cylinder. Monique's body was jerking and bucking wildly as Hillary fumbled with the valve assembly. Just as I thought Monique was going to choke on the gag Hillary swung about and released her.

"Oh my God," she panted repeatedly, the come squirting from her wide open pussy lips

Monique let out a squeal of delight as Hillary pulled the clit pump from her; Hillary gazed to admire her super sized and swollen clit, now the thickness of her fingers and almost as longer as her pinky. Hillary turned to the camera, licked the blind phallus, smiled a sexy smile and excitedly took the full length of it into her mouth. Monique writhed and trembled as Hillary's oral assault took a grip of her senses.

Hillary blew her as if she were sucking come off her own fingers, her mouth clamped tight and her cheeks sucked tight in as the vacuum of the clit pump was emulated within her hot mouth.

Monique just lay there limp and mumbling incoherently in whispered French tones, falling silent only to wet her lips between panted breaths. 

Hillary quickly grabbed the double ender from the box and mounted her, inserting the other end in her own gaping and saturated cunt, Hillary then pushed a generous length into Monique, making sure that her massive and distended clit would rub along the smooth length as she drove it in and out.

Monique lay open mouthed, letting out feint noises as my wife fucked her with the double ender, the plug still deep within her taut butt. Glorious squelching sounds came from each vagina as Hillary rammed her hips towards Monique's limp and twitching frame. She came again, this time biting her lower lip, her feet and toes arching, her breasts shuddering and heaving sending the chain connecting them jiggling and joggling in tandem with the quivering and rippling mounds.

Hillary climbed off her end of the dildo with a plop, the other end remaining firmly embedded deep within Monique's clenching and twitching sex. She moved to release Monique's restraints. Monique's arms fell on Hillary to lock her into an embrace, her shaking hands kneading at Hillary's firm and rounded arse. 

Hillary climbed off and put the strap-on back on. Monique now removed the blindfold and stared lustfully at the drooping black rod as she laid down the sofa and lifted her legs high over her shoulders. She held her left ankle and tugged the butt plug out of her tightly gripping ass with her right hand. As it came out her ass flexed and throbbed, farting out a hearty mixture of lube, spit and air.

Again the camera took a sight of the gaping pink hole as Hillary replaced the plug with the thick black end of the strap-on. Hillary took a hold of the protruding dildo and wound it round like a brake handle. Monique grabbed her other ankle, rolled her eyes and let out a deep and satisfied sigh and the extra length of the black strap-on hit the mark.

"I want you to fuck me in the arse until you come, just like this," Hillary cooed huskily into the camera as she thrust the black knob deep into Monique's bowel, her legs still being held by the ankles over her head. She pulled the dildo to stretch Monique's pussy further, affording a perfect shot for the lens as she slowly and deliberately withdrew the long and pink stick from her gripping cunt. Streams and threads of her come glistened in the light as Hillary drew the aromatic lube into her mouth. She wiped her fingers along the length of the shaft to extract the sum of Monique's essence from the shaft and offer it to her soft and lapping tongue.

Hillary tensed her buttocks and drove into Monique hard, Monique squealed with delight, she drove in so hard that her toes arched and thighs clenched with the strain. In and out she thrust, deeper and harder, almost as if she was trying to climb into the accepting tunnel. She moved faster so that her pendulous breasts started to ripple and sway in tandem. Monique wrapped her legs around Hillary moving her hands to her butt cheeks, pulling at each mound, allowing Hillary to drive in further.

Hillary's thrusts grew harder and more urgent, her face contorted and her mouth let out a series of clipped moans as she came against the strap-on, collapsing on to Monique as she panted and puffed.

The extra weight drove the thick tool far into Monique's cavern, the deepest yet and ever. Monique came again, again moaning and mumbling, her arms flopping down and her twitching thighs clamping Hillary's relaxed torso.

Both women were breathing heavily. The gentle whir of the camera was the only other sound as Hillary withdrew the strap-on and climbed off our friend.

I poured them each a glass of wine and we all rested for few minutes, the camera on pause.

Monique spoke first, "I should hold the camera now," she said unsteadily.

"Do we really need the gag?" I said as I thrust my straining cock towards Hillary's mouth. I didn't give her the chance to answer as I forced the straining end between her soft lips.

Monique swung around, camera in hand, focusing on the oral attack on my member. Hillary sat on the edge of the sofa bobbing her head up and down over the rigid pole like a would-be porn star. Deeper and deeper it went in, until with a slight gag, I felt her teeth rest against the hilt of my shaft. Glorious sounds came from her as she tensed her throat over the end and moved her head up and down in a gentle rhythm.

I heard a click as Monique cuffed Hillary's hands behind her, she pushed Hillary back off my cock and replaced her mouth at its end. 

She withdrew saying, "My God that is hot, I want to have a go."

With that she opened he mouth wide and lowered her head over my cock, down and down she went until she too had taken its full length into her mouth. I felt her throat tense as she bobbed her head down, my cock going in and out deep beyond the back of her mouth.

Hillary and I looked on open mouthed in amazement, I knew what she was thinking -- we had created a sexual monster!

I was past caring and was close to coming. The camera, now fixed back on its tripod, I hoped, was capturing these moments for posterity, as I glanced first at the PC screen monitoring the shots and then to Hillary gazing on in a mixture of lust and admiration.

Cupping Monique's head to my groin I shot my load deep down her throat with a long and guttural moan.

"Mmmmm," she hummed over my tool, releasing a shudder through my body. My legs buckled.

Monique turned back to Hillary, pushing her back onto the sofa, grabbing the butt plug. Hillary responded by rocking back and raised her legs in anticipation and drew her knees close down to her chest. Monique in turn spat on the black plastic end and shoved it, full length, into Hillary's tight arse. Hillary squealed and jumped as Monique drove the smooth knob into her wrinkly brown hole, she sighed as it was nestled home, her inner muscles at gripping the tapered end.

Monique wasn't finished. She fished in the box again and pulled out the vibro. Drawing it into her mouth, to apply some saliva, and then forcefully thrust it towards Hillary's wet gash.

The tone of the vibro changed as it hummed deep within my wife's trembling snatch. I grabbed her shoulders and pulled her on to her side, with a clump her head fell on the sofa. Her eyes rolled as the vibrations excited her inner depths and she bit her lower lip.

I grabbed the chain of the metal clamp, sucked hard on her nipple and applied the clamp. She sucked in a breath through her teeth as the sensation rocked through her body. Tugging at her other nipple I attached the other clamp and began to fondle the exposed part of her breasts, to compensate her for her pain.

I licked and blew at her nipples and breasts, as Monique continued to fuck her with the vibro. Hillary's breath was now shortening, her body relaxing, she would soon be reaching orgasm.

Quickly I looked around for the clit pump, fumbling with it as my hands shook. I applied some spit to the end as Monique stopped ploughing her furrow with the buzzing toy.

Monique steadied the tube as I applied the pump, Hillary's body arched as the suction took a grip of her hidden pleasure button.

Hillary strained her neck to look at her clit growing in the clear plastic tube as I pumped the bowl a few more times. Although nowhere as big as Monique's Hillary's clit was making a fine effort to grow by the same proportions. 
