 Brandon wanted Cheryl now, more than ever. But, she told him to let it wait til Saturday night. She seemed to be toying Brandon along, saying "Nah-ah-not yet" every time he tried to make a move. It's early morning now as they leave and Cheryl said "Let's go home." She dropped Brandon off and went on her separate way. She told him not to worry. "We'll have our fun and I can't wait to see your surprise for me. I know you'll love mine. You better rest up, boy. You'll definitely need it, next time." As sore as he was, he was loving life.

Cheryl's apartment that following Wednesday morning. She is taking a shower when she hears the doorbell ring. "Stacy, get the door!" she yells to her roommate, whose still asleep. "Stacy? Stacy!" Cheryl gets annoyed, grabs a towel, wraps it around herself and goes to open the door. When she opens the door, her heart almost stops. Before her is a sight that both terrifies her and tantalizes her at the same time.

At one time, Cheryl was nowhere near as active as she is now. She was in high school and she was still bisexual, but involved in a semiserious monogamous relationship with a girl. One girl in Cheryl's math class was this particularly mean bitch, who just never liked Cheryl or the fact that she was bisexual. She wasn't very religious, but about as homophobic as they come. Her gossip ruined many relationships of those she didn't approve of. She would constantly talked trash behind Cheryl's back and one day she spread a rumor about Cheryl. The whole school believed that she had slept with half the football team this one night. Most of the team members denials meant nothing, since they had cheerleader girlfriends, and would never fess up, even if they did do it. The girl's name was Wynona. Real bitch. 5'1", long black hair, 24 CC tits, fat ass, and a meaty, but cute figure. 

Eventually, the rumors caused Cheryl's girlfriend to break up with her. After a while of having everyone tinking that she was a slut, she decided to just say "Why not?" and give in. She acquired a real "fuck it" attitude, after that. A part of Cheryl had always wanted to punish Wynona. But another part wanted to thank her in some weird way. Cheryl had had more fun that year than she had in a long time, and even did the ENTIRE football team (and some cheerleaders). After all that, she grew a new reason to hate Wynona. She thought of Wynona as a gossipy prude. The epitome of what was wrong with certain women. But alas, when Cheryl thought she would get revenge, Wynona moved cities and schools, and Cheryl never heard from her again and thought she never would.


Cut back to now. As Wynona stood there with her trenchcoat on, she trembled and had an unreal look of fear in her watered eyes, as if someone was forcing her to be here. "Bitch, give me one reason why I shouldn't kick your ass right now, having the nerve to come here." 

"I- I think I'm supposed to give you this...I didn't want to come here, but it's like I couldn't stop." She hands a piece of paper to Cheryl that was folded like an invitation. On the front was the same sign that had been burnt beneath her rear end the other night. Cheryl opened it and it read:

"Dear Cheryl, I promised you a gift, and here she is. She is yours to do with as you please for the night. She will obey your every word until midnight, and then, you will never see her again. Also, you can be assured that she will never speak of this night to anyone. My promise to you, darling. Enjoy."

Cheryl took a second to gather her senses, smiled, and said "Come on in bitch, you've got a long day ahead of you." Wynona walks in. "Take off your coat!" Cheryl snaps. Wynona removes it and is stark naked underneath. "O-hoh-oh-oh. Yes! That's what I'm talkin about! Stacy! Wake the fuck up!" 

"What the fuck so important, you got ta yell like that? I have.." Stacy stops midsentence. Stacy is Cheryl's height, dark black skin, and trim figured. She has long, silky smooth black hair. She stops and asks Cheryl "Who the fuck is this?" 

"Just an old friend. Remember when I told you about the mark I got the other night?" Cheryl then proceeds to fill Stacy in. 

"So, what are you going to do?" asks Stacy. 

Cheryl grins evil like, lights a cigarette, and exhales. "Oh, I have a few ideas." She said those words gleefully, like this was something that she had thought about for a long time.

"Please don't" Wynona bursts out before Cheryl interrupted her. 

"Don't speak until I tell you to, bitch!" Cheryl turns back to Stacy. "Let's break her first. Is your equipment ready?" she asks Stacy. 

Stacy replies "You don't need to tell me twice." 

"On your knees and elbows, bitch" Cheryl orders Wynona. Wynona complies and Cheryl goes to get her strapon. Stacy has hers on now. 

"Open up, cutey" she tells Wynona. 

Wynona hesitates before Cheryl adds "Do it! Obey her as you do me!" 

"Oh yeah" Stacy says as she slides it into her mouth. "Start sucking like you mean it, bitch!" Stacy gets off on this a minute when Cheryl walks in. Stacy stops and laughs hard as hell. "You for real? No way that'll actually fit in a human being!" Cheryl has on something that was meant as a gag gift, "The Bruiser". It was as pink, thick around as her leg, and 8 inches long. 

"Oh, it'll fit. We got all night" says Cheryl.

With that, Cheryl comes up behind Wynona, and Wynona can hear a bunch of wet squishy noises as Cheryl lubes up "The Bruiser". Wynona wants to scream or get up and leave so bad, but the spell prevents her from disobeying her master. Then, Cheryl places the head of the tool on Wynona's shivering cuntlips. Out of nowhere she starts slamming into her, trying to force it in as Wynona cries out unintelligable sounds. Eventually, she got the head in as much as would fit. "Fuck the foreplay. Let's break this bitch, already" said Stacy. Both of them started pumping her as hard as they could, with no regards to her well being. Wynona gagged and actually threw up a few times as her face and throat were being thoroughly attacked and slammed like it was her pussy. 


And though, Cheryl couldn't pump in and out much, she kept pushing harder and eventually heard a cracking noise as Wynona's cunt started to bleed. Then, without warning, Cheryl took it out and placed it at Wynona's back door. Stacy stops a sec. "Oh, now I know you're joking!". Wynona was in tears. As much Wynona wanted to protest, she was powerless. Cheryl held her cheeks apart and started to force and shove her'way in. After a long, agonizing while of Cheryl applying more and more lube to her back door and trying harder and harder, she heard another crack as it slid right in, making Wynona whimper. After a getting off a few times each, both Cheryl and Stacy grow tired of this and stop. 

"Ya know, I had a lot of old high school friends who Winey here screwed over. I'll bet they'd love to get in on somr of this action." Cheryl had Wynona clean up and made some phone calls and that night, about ten girls show up. Stacy had other plans and couldn't be there.

All of them circle Wynona and spit on her and taunt her. "You know how hard you made things for me, you pathetic little bitch?" some would tell her. 

"Ya know, I'll bet she's such a prude, that this is the first time that she's seen any action in a while" one girl says. With that, all start circling closer in to her. Cheryl just stand back and watches while she smokes a cigarette. 

Cheryl adds "Maybe we can change her thinking a little. What d'ya think?" She looks right at Wynona's tearstained face and says "Wynona, when I snap my fingers, I just want you to be yourself for five seconds, regardless of the spell." Cheryl snaps her fingers. Wynona tries to lunge for Cheryl, but is quickly wrestled down by the other girls. 

"You fucking dyke bitches! I hope you all burn in hell! I'm.." She was stopped midsentence when one of the girls popped one of their breasts into her mouth, and Wynona fell back under the spell. 

"What was that?" Cheryl added playfully. "I'm hard of hearing." All the girls then descended on her body, sucking and kissing every inch from her toes to her legs to her pussy and everything above. She had the mouths of nine women devouring her body while the tenth's tit was still in her mouth. Then, the unthinkable happened. Wynona started to moan for a split second as if in enjoyment, before catching herself. Cheryl laughs and watches as Wynona starts sucking hard at the breast in her mouth. As Wynona is eaten out and mouthed by this pack of hungry, ravenous women, she cums many times, which is amazing, considering the pain she must be in. It turns out that Wynona had some serious freak in her after all. When the girls all finish with her, Cheryl comes up and blows smoke into the face of Wynona, choking her. "You enjoyed that, didn't you? Don't try to lie or hide. Tell me the truth". 

"Yes. Oh my God! What did I just say! Am I..?"

"Tell you what, that's alright. When you leave here, I want you to dream daily about wild sex with every attractive young woman you meet. I want your obsession to be to the point where you can barely hold it back. But you will never act on this and it will drive you crazy and ruin most of your relationships with men from now on. You will spend your life in denial of your homosexuality. All memories of this night will be forgotten after you wake up tomorrow morning. Do you understand me, Wynona?" 

The tears were gone in Wynona's face and replaced with anger, as she gritted her teeth. "Yes." Everyone had their fun torturing her in various ways that night. When Wynona left that night, Cheryl felt somehow vindicated.