 How to start this?

I guess I want to shout-out about my, or about our, good fortune, share with you the story of some of our recent adventures.

We have buddies who we share stories and anecdotes with, but none of them are the kinds of friends who might understand our rather kinky and unconventional behaviour of late.

Maybe we underestimate them, but we're not prepared to run the risk of their, what shall we say... prudishness maybe?

Guess its best just to start, start from the beginning, if there is such a thing. Let you know something of the kind of couple we are. Just tell the story. If anything it turns us on to think about it, recall our adventures...It is turning me on even more to be sharing it with you...

OK. We are Lucy and Robert. We live in the UK, have teenage kids and are in our early fifties. We've known each other since we met as students at university. We love each other very much and still fancy each other. Sex is good.

Lucy is a very attractive and classy lady. She is 5'6", svelte to medium build, nice body.

For those of you who ­-- like me -- enjoy such details she shaves her pubes. Smooth below, sometimes completely bared, sometimes narrow landing strip. She likes to dress sexy, and when we do go out alone you'll find us at the cinema or a table for two and Lucy will be wearing something rather fetching, sometimes a little racy. She likes to wear stockings and suspenders. Occasionally it'll be all she wears beneath her dress.

We've never been swingers, but such thoughts do (increasingly of late) cross our minds. As the kids have got older we seem to fantasise more than ever before. We enjoy erotic fiction and internet-porn. Lucy has a few vibrators now. Teasing massage sessions are often enhanced by our confessions to each other in which we shed all inhibitions.

Lucy is generally the centre of attention in our fantasies. I guess we've always enjoyed her mood when she feels a desire to be mischievous.

In days gone by this mood would be aided by a little light bondage or spanking. With a little encouragement her cravings would overtake her and she'd allow me "to do anything I like with her!"

Over time we've gradually explored our permissiveness. Previous taboos like oral and anal sex are now very much enjoyed. We thrill at sex outdoors or where there's a risk of being seen. And the thought of sex with others, with strangers even, is something we are finding to be more and more exciting.

Sometimes we play role-play games. Lucy enjoys playing the innocent or submissive. I sometimes think she likes being directed so that she doesn't have to take any responsibility for her naughty behaviour.

At the back of our minds is the question of would we ever dare in real life? I guess we both hope that we would relish an opportunity. Years ago I'd have said that we'd probably shy away. In more recent times we were becoming not so sure.

And yet...one game in particular really shocked us eighteen months back.

We were at a hotel and in our room one afternoon. The weather was hot and we'd come inside to cool off a little. We were relaxing on the balcony with a bottle of cava. We were both just wrapped in towels after showering.

Somehow the discussion turned to sex and some comments we'd made the previous evening in which we'd "rated" some of the other hotel guests.

We decided on a game in which I was to play the part of a stranger, possibly one of the guys Lucy had 'marked high' the night before. I was to pretend that I was here on the balcony with "him" and Lucy and see how far we would allow ourselves to 'go'. We promised each other that it had to be serious.

We started with Lucy asking if I would rub some sun cream on to her back. I genuinely said that, as her husband, I wouldn't have a problem with another guy doing that to her, so allowed myself -- as the "stranger" -- to begin Lucy's massage.

It very quickly went from matter-of-fact to very, very erotic. Soon I'd massaged all her back, then her calves, and then the backs of her thighs. Lucy's towel very soon just covering her bum as she allowed me to caress more and more of her skin.

"Would you like him to do your front?" I asked. Lucy said she wouldn't mind. When I said I'd no objections she turned round, making no attempt to cover her breasts, allowing "me" to rub cream on her shoulders, arms and waist and then her legs.

"Just tell me when I've gone a step too far" I suggested. Lucy nodded.

We were both so turned-on!

"Thing is Robert" she confessed, "this is all so lovely, if it was really happening I wouldn't want him, or you, to stop at all to be totally honest"

When I massaged her tits she just purred. 

When I kissed her she just snogged me back. 

When I teased a hand beneath her towel she just reached down and peeled the towel away.

When I strayed my fingers onto Lucy's mound her thighs gently parted a little more.

"Would you really allow a man to be so intimate with me?" she quizzed. I acknowledged that the thought really aroused me. "Would you let him?" I asked. Lucy considered for a minute, then nodded.

"Just how intimate?"

I teased my fingers over her pussy. Lucy so wet.

"Keep going" she insisted

There was no Lucy telling me to "Stop!" 

There was no me telling Lucy that "I think 'he's' gone far enough." 

Even as we fucked we teased, but in a very breathless fashion, still serious in our portrayals.

It affected us all the rest of our holiday, in a very lovely manner, leading to a real heart to heart. We acknowledged that we fancied the thought of being with others.

It was funny being back home. We seemed to have reached a very daring understanding, but one that we were in no hurry to explore further. Just being aware of our more relaxed frame of mind was a very comfortable feeling. But we were also happy to be patient, to savour the thrilling possibilities without any rush.

Lucy confessed that her fantasies went beyond just being with one other man and liked the thought of seeing me with another woman.

"I still think of us as being nice and attractive" she ventured. "Maybe we'll never get any such opportunity in the future, but there are a few naughty things that I fancy doing together before we get 'past-it'."

It felt lovely to be so open, even if we sometimes blushed about our thoughts. We decided not to actively push for adventure just yet, but at the same time to be open-minded should something happen naturally.

**

Fast forward to last summer and an evening out together.

The kids were away, so this was a first proper outing in quite a while.

We decided on a long weekend at a rather stylish London boutique hotel, chance to indulge, unwind. It was all very lovely.

Lucy was looking especially good. She has that ability to turn heads even when she's in very ordinary situations, and when she's feeling good that beautiful quality of being sexy just being herself.

Her movements aren't deliberately meant to tease, but she'll be absent-minded enough to just play with a zip or a button in such a delicious way.

Dressed for dinner Lucy looked sensational.

She was wearing a dark grey skirt that she loves and knows is a favourite of mine. A matching tunic silk jacket sounds kind of formal, but they have brocade, textures and detail that give them a real lustre. Lucy has dared to wear a quarter cup bra for the first time beneath a see-through black lace top. The bra pushes her breasts and nipples up and forward in a very provocative way. I hope that as the evening goes on Lucy might loosen a few more buttons of her tunic to expose her blouse a little. I suggest this. "Maybe...." She teases.

Beneath her skirt I suspect she is wearing a matching set of lingerie. Suspenders and a tiny black silk g-string to complement her bra. Real black lace-top stockings and knee-high black suede boots she knows I like even in the heat of summer. She looks divine and stunningly beautiful!

I think she forgets how sexy she can be. Feeling tanned and healthy makes Lucy feel a little braver than she otherwise might, and in the bar she laughs off the notion that I think she might unbutton her jacket.

"It's gloomy in here, so nobody will notice," she smiles. "But, I rather like how protective it might make you, so I may just surprise you Robert"

"Are you feeling daring?" I ask her, sensing her provocative mood. "I might be," she confirms.

We'd booked a table later at one of those city "burlesque" shows, so were a little nervous, as well as a little excited.

But the idea of not being noticed just wasn't going to happen.

By the time I'd ordered us a drink at the bar Lucy was already talking to three guys in a lively group alongside us. Their group had all met earlier as some kind of conference that our hotel was hosting over the weekend. They assumed we were late arrivals, but that was just an excuse...basically they were chatting-up Lucy!

Long story short, a few of them loved our burlesque show idea and before we knew it they were on their mobiles making calls and our cosy table for two had mushroomed to nine; the three lads, two other women in the group and another couple. I was concerned that Lucy would consider our evening already ruined but she just laughed off any such notion.

"It'll be a laugh" she whispered to me, "everyone seems really nice, and besides, Tony and one of the other guys, Henry, keep brushing against me and I'm getting lots of lovely attention...it's really rather nice!"

The burlesque -- very tasteful but extremely erotic and artistic striptease -- was very slick, the food good, the wine flowed and we were thoroughly enjoying ourselves. One of the girls, Helen, Tony and Henry were great fun and Stuart seemed to be getting on very well with Anna, the other lady. When the cabaret was finished the stage became a dance floor and we were all still enjoying it all, so stayed to dance and party on.

The atmosphere was nicely charged. The sexy striptease earlier had loosened inhibitions and there were some very scantily clad women out to enjoy themselves. What not to like?!

I'd catch occasional chats with Lucy and she was nicely merry. Drunk with euphoria as well as the booze. We'd update each other on the fun, Lucy predicting early on that Stuart and Anna would be in bed together by the end of the night and quizzing me about my flirting with Helen. I didn't deny it, which made her smile even more, but Lucy was coy on the subject of Henry and Tony, who were paying her lots of attention still. "They both have nicely roaming hands," she teased. When I tried to push her more, asking ""Are you encouraging them?" she laughed me away with a "Behave!" She was grinning though! It was just nice, sexy fun.

We were all getting on great, but soon enough the venue was closing and we made our way to walk back to the hotel -- Anna & Stuart disappearing into the night in a taxi.

Lucy looked so fetching. She walked at times hand in hand with Helen, or arm in arm with Tony and Henry. "I don't want the night to end" she laughs, inviting our new pals back to our room where we'd a bottle of champagne chilled and waiting. Helen was equally attractive. She was a few years younger than us, very bubbly, very tactile, very sexy.

Henry was a charmer, a loveable rogue. Tony similar, less amusing, but still very good company. "Henry's asked both your wife and me to lap dance for him" Helen confided. She saw my expression, laughing as she shook her head. "...all the same!" she chastised... "We'd eat you for breakfast!"

Champagne back at our room. Music on low, lights dimmed. Lucy and Helen dancing together, sometimes with me, sometimes with Henry and Tony. Lucy sitting on Henry's knee in very flirtatious mood. Helen holding me close. All very lovely, all very surreal. I knew not to update with Lucy, she was just having a ball.

Then a dare from Henry. A dance from Helen in exchange for a kiss. He was being silly but it was fun, somehow infectious. Now asking me if he might kiss my wife.

Lucy defiant but all very good-natured "I decide who I kiss, Henry! ...I don't need Robert's permission thank you!"

Henry pulling Lucy to her feet. "I'll kiss you when I want you" she tells him and does just that, embracing Henry in a heart-stopping snog, then kissing me passionately. When she turns towards Tony we find Helen's in his arms already. Helen had been fading. They're drifting off to sleep on an armchair.

It feels strange to see Lucy kissing Henry, to watch them both. No jealousy. Just awe at my beautiful wife's forwardness, enthusiasm and daring.

"How about we give Robert a little burlesque of our own?" Henry suggests. Lucy looks rather quizzical, but not dismissive. She asks what he means. Henry whispers in her ear. Later she tells me he told her that he wanted to expose her as I watch. She didn't decline his offer, just smiled and then smiled at me.

Henry requests I put on some dance music. Our ipod and Bluetooth speakers turned up just a little. I open the French windows to the balcony too as they dance together, the blinds open to the city towers behind. I top up the champagne flutes, put a blanket over Helen and Tony.

Dancing maybe not the right word. At first they just sway to the music standing apart, smiling and laughing. Slowly they move closer. Lucy now in Henry's arms as he holds her close and they sway a little to the music. "Cut-in whenever you fancy Robert" he grins.

But I'm enjoying watching Lucy enjoying herself. I take a seat at the end of the high sofa of our suite alongside the bedroom and sip at a glass of wine I've poured.

Henry whispers something in her ear and Lucy smiles back as if liking the suggestion. Now they're dancing together. Intimate, kissing occasionally, hands exploring, but all brief and teasing.

Now it's slowed right down. Smooth and sensual. Lucy is leaning back against Henry. The two facing me. They are absorbed in their movement. It is so thrilling to watch...the tension incredible.

Henry slowly unbuttons Lucy's satin jacket, his hands entwined beneath her arms, Lucy daring to look at me, biting her lip, letting me enjoy her rapt ecstatic mood.

Henry pulls the jacket open almost roughly, exposing her see-thru blouse and the quarter cup bra. Lucy's nipples seem to be stabbing the air thrusting against the lace of her top. She gasps as she looks down at them then throws back her head against Henry's shoulder. He kisses her neck...is he aware of the amazing effect that can have on her? I think he is. His hands explore her top half -- her stomach arms and shoulders -- as he holds her strongly, making her face towards me still. They are standing just a few feet in front of the sofa.

Lucy starting to caress her own body. Henry is preoccupied but occasionally looks my way, checking my expression, revelling in the naughtiness. Lucy now seems reluctant to glance my way as if seeing me might break the spell.

Her blouse fastens at the back. I sense and wonder if Henry is slowly unbuttoning it with one hand while the other explores.

Another word in her ear produces another gasp from Lucy. But she doesn't pause or flinch. He's told her to unzip her dress. She does so. A tug, a shimmy, a little persuasion from Henry and the skirt is sliding down over Lucy's stocking-ed thighs. She kicks it away, his hands grip her hips as Lucy cups and holds her breasts.

Soon the skirt joined on the carpet by Lucy's lace blouse, unbuttoned roughly and stripped from her by Henry. His directness seems to shock Lucy as he almost rips the lace away from her torso, but she does not halt or hinder him. She is aroused and not wanting any of it to stop, especially as his rough hands glide over her tits.

Lucy now in just an excuse for a bra and matching panties, suitably flimsy, suitably skimpy. Her panties framed by her stockings and suspenders. Her boots add such kinkiness to the vision as she sways.

Lucy's hands cupping her fabulous breasts, teasing the lace of her bra, stroking her nipples or gliding over her stomach to roam over her panties and thighs. Lucy gyrating, groaning silently her pleasure at the attention, at the intimacy.

Henry's hands exploring my wife's curves as Lucy's beauty revealed. Lucy near naked from the waist up, her sheer black silk g-string framed by black stockings and suspenders as she twists and sways.

Henry bold. Cupping my wife's 34D breasts as Lucy's nipples swell to her touch. Henry kissing Lucy's neck, her shoulder, her ears, now her nipples, biting and chewing, making my wife gasp and moan.

Henry removing Lucy's bra. Teasing the straps off her shoulders one by one he starts to unclasp it at the back. But Lucy twisting away, resisting, asking that she may keep it on just now. Henry respecting Lucy's request as she tweaks and tugs at her swelled nipples. She pours a champagne flute over herself so that the glistening wine sparkles on her magnificent tits and trickles down over her body, soaking her bra and panties, her g-string moulding to her mound, the silk almost see thru as it absorbs the cold liquid.

Jane Birkin's "Je t'aime" on the ipod now as they kiss and sway, her boobs pressed together, cupped by his and her own hands as he massages her tits. It is as beautiful as it is outrageous.

Now his hand is teasing the top of Lucy's panties as she widens her stance and grinds her butt against him. His fingers plunge beneath the silk, delving, exploring her sex.

Henry looking towards me. "We're going to have to decide" he says calmly. "We can stop right now or carry on. What's it to be?"

I like the fact that his hand is still inside Lucy's pants, his knuckles and fingers still working, still playing.

"Please keep going" begs Lucy.

"I want to too" admits Henry, "but if we do then I'm going to want to make love to you. You sure you ok with that Lucy? What do you think Robert?"

Lucy looking at me. Slowly nodding. "I'd like that" she blushes.

Lucy's forehead creased, I know that look, her eyes so imploring to me, her please don't stop expression.

"Robert?" questions Henry.

My heart pounding. My cock throbbing. I'm thinking of what's been said earlier. I'm thinking Lucy doesn't need my permission who to kiss or who to make love to. I'm aware of the full implication of what my wife has just said, aware of her sincerity, of her look to me, but also aware of the courage she's mustered to say it out loud. Aware that there's no going back now... not that I'd want to.

I'm about to speak, about to make the vote unanimous, but Lucy beats me to it, looking at me directly.

"I'd like to make love to you both. I'd like that very much" she states. 

Just so simple, but so full of meaning.

"So would I." I confirm.

I'm not sure of some of my exact words in all this, but Lucy and I have recalled best we can. She remembered my "permission" as she likes to call it, being beautiful as well as shocking.

"Lucy, I want you to make love to Henry.

I want to see you fuck Henry, then us both.

I know this is what you want. 

We've fantasised about a moment like this for a long time. 

Now is just so perfect"

"Henry, I want you to fuck my wife! 

I know this is what she wants. 

What we both want. 

We have never done this before Henry. 

Make love to Lucy with passion, fuck her hard!"

Lucy look just so perfect, not so much thank-you or grateful, more just matter of fact and understanding.

"I think that's a pretty clear order." smiles Henry.

He guides her towards me, so that they are standing over me as I sit forward on the edge of the sofa. I can see Lucy is trembling, but it's an excited response... of pleasure, not fear.

Lucy's directly in front of me. I reach forward.

Henry's fingers still teasing Lucy's pussy as I ease her panties down, still wet from the champagne. He has found her clitoris and is rubbing her between her engorged lips. She is so wet, her bare mound glistening still, part champagne, part her own juices.
