 The night was hot and the tropical breeze was blowing through the window on this Island paradise. Just recently showered I was restless and bored at 1 AM and wanted to walk along the beach or go for a dip in the pool, naked of course. It wasn't advisable for a woman to go out alone in a strange foreign place where anything could happen. I shook my head and decided to hell with it, I'm heading out in the unknown and doing something a little exciting and risque. I looked at myself in the mirror and could see that impish grin in my large blue eyes. 

I smiled at my reflection and shook my blonde head in a naughty way, my golden hair flying around me. I grabbed a towel and I had on a short sky blue robe over my golden brown nudity and a pair of comfy thong sandals on my feet. I could smell my exotic scent of ginger and coconut oil and it was divine.

I didn't make a sound as my sister was sleeping in the next bed and she was out like a light after consuming more Long Island Iced Tea than she could have ever imagined possible. Her soft snores filled the room, I smiled over at her and I was happy to be heading out albeit briefly for an after midnight walk and a swim. I walked softly to the door without making a sound and tiptoed out into the hallway, the door giving a light click as it locked and closed tightly behind me. I could feel my heart beating rapidly in my chest and I was a touch apprehensive going out on my own on this beautiful resort, tonight. I truly needed this, I hadn't done anything this daring and adventurous for some time. I smiled as I walked to the elevator thinking how delicious that water was going to feel on my naked soft skin.

The foyer was quiet in the hotel and there was only a night cleaner and a couple sitting together focused on each other, their eyes seeing nobody as they were in love. That look of complete longing gave me a small feeling of sadness in my heart. I shrugged it off quickly, I had no time to be reflective and melancholy, it was supposed to be a night of adventure and carefree fun, to hell with my past and what had transpired with lost, bitter love. 

I sashayed out through the front revolving doors into the fragrant night. The stars were shining so brilliantly and the moon sat high in the sky casting her glow upon the land. I looked at the beach and shivered, something seemed to say, stay away, don't go there. I headed off in the direction of the adjoining pool where you had the option of nude swimming or clothed.

I walked over to the side of the pool and the lights were dimmed the water looked so inviting and the night breeze was very balmy. Taking my sandals off, and my lovely blue beach cover up, I stood there naked for only moment. Walking over to the diving board I raise my hands and lift them high, my bountiful breasts rising with the movement and I can feel my nipples harden in the night breeze. I lift my face towards the sky and feel like an enchanting water goddess giving myself up like a sacrificial lamb to the Island Gods. I point my fingers and put my feet together and arc my body into the air gracefully, as I dive directly into the pool. My fingertips touching the water first and I leave very little splash, my diving instructor would have applauded me as I glide through the water and submerge a short distance away.

I think my mind is playing tricks on me as I see the couple at the far end of the pool. I wipe the water from my eyes, thinking perhaps it's a mirage; not it's actually a man and a woman both naked, blatantly watching me. She is very pretty, stacked and a brunette and he looks bronzed with medium brown hair, great looking and fit with a cock that is standing upright and very rigid. The light that is reflecting off their faces shows their avid interest in me, the brunette licking her lips and touching her firm full breasts and the man softly stroking his cock as he stares and smiles directly at me. I feel a tenseness inside of my body, some apprehension and yet a yearning for the excitement that is being offered to me. I've never ventured this far before a threesome with a very attractive female and a rugged handsome male.

My mind is full of racing thoughts and then I watch them come into the water at the shallow end, wading out towards me. Her hands are outstretched and her voice is soft, velvety and beckons as she says, "Hello, beautiful sexy lady, you are an amazing sight for our weary eyes tonight my sweet." I could feel the butterflies commence and I hear his growl deep in his throat as I make my mind up to meet them half way. My breasts bouncing on the water and my coral nipples very hard and sensitive. The lighting shows off my tanned and fit body, my breasts large and beautifully shaped, my golden hair hanging down my back, wet as a mermaids. I am within touching distance of the couple and her fingers glide over my sensitized flesh as I shiver.

She walks closer and the man with her stands still and watches us for the moment, with a very sexy smile and showing off those beautiful strong white teeth of his. She touches my mouth and sighs and tells me how beautiful my face is. Her hand caressing each of my features and then moving down my neck, I shudder with an emotion that is foreign to me. I have never allowed a woman to touch me before like this. I feel an excitement as she slowly moves her fingers down over the tops of my breasts and touches my nipples delicately. She is a somewhat taller than I am and she moves closer as her shapely body touches mine. Telling me not to be frightened as she looks into my eyes; hers large and a velvet brown, almost like a doe, mine are equally large and an oceanic blue. 

She continues to stare into my eyes, I am mesmerized and I feel the wetness in my honey pot as she leans down to kiss my lips, her lips are soft and her breath smells of mints. She presses into me and moves her body against mine so very seductively. Then her tongue moves into my mouth and we French kiss. It is a dangerous and flirtatious kiss, for a fraction of a moment I hesitate and then I reciprocate and move my tongue over hers, she moans into my mouth and her hands are touching and fondling my breasts now. I feel my hands move over her smooth silky back and down over her very round ass and I squeeze her cheeks. Suddenly her mood changes and she becomes a touch more aggressive and her hands move down over the indentation of my waist to smooth down my curvaceous hips and then around to my rounded lush ass to rotate them around and around.

I feel her nipples touch mine hers are very hard and cold and mine are warmer and extremely rigid. We move our bodies against each other and the kiss has become electric as she moves her hand under me to touch around my anus and then towards my honey pot. Her fingers delicately approaching my clit. I gasp as she touches me and I can feel the plumpness give way to her fingers, softening as they caress me. I slowly bring my fingers toward the front of her pubic area and she is smooth like I am and my fingers touch her silky labia and her clit as well. She bites my lips and touches me more, crying out into my mouth, "OH YES, YES don't stop" and I feel her open to my fingers as they move over her soft pearl.

I feel a movement behind me and then I feel the hardness of the man's cock against my ass, rubbing it up and down, not penetrating just lightly caressing me with his hardness. His hands are moving over each of us and his breathing his labored. He whispers in my ear and nips my lobe, "Touch my cock, golden beauty". I need no further prompting and I reach behind me with my free hand to stroke him. Groaning he says "OH YES, like that up and down, grip me firmly." I feel such incredible eroticism inside of me. I want to pleasure each of these sensual and beautiful individuals. The kiss hasn't stopped and her tongue is probing my mouth, suddenly pulling away from my mouth. My hand on her clit is driving her wild now. I feel her body start to tremble, shake and then she says in a breathless voice, "later my luscious one, later." Leaning down she sucks on my nipples and her hand draws away from my clit almost with a reluctance.

I am still touching his cock and stroking and his hands move over my breasts as she is continuing to suck my nipples back and forth. I can feel my body reacting and tensing by this duo foreplay and I know that it won't take long for me to orgasm if they keep this up. He kisses my neck and his whisper is dangerous and suave as he says "Lets go to the edge of the pool my delicious sweetness". I'm not sure how, but we all seemed to make it over to the shallow end of that pool. When we had finally arrived, I knew that we were all at the point of no return. I watched the brunette ease her way up onto the deck, her ass wiggling erotically. She pivots and places her curvy body down and then she is spread eagle showing me her smooth lovely labia and her engorged clitoris. Her fingers touching her nipples and then she says "My beauty come, taste me and partake of my rich honey." 

This was all new territory for me and I cannot believe how very excited I am at this time. I could feel his hands upon my body helping me out of the pool and his fingers moving over and around my anus to slowly move under me to my plump pearl. I can feel myself drawing closer to her voluptuous body, trembling with anticipation and then her hands moving to touch my nipples hanging down within her reach. I leaned down to kiss her mouth again, so very deeply. My ass high in the air and her moans filled my mouth, I knew what she wanted and I felt compelled to move down her body then towards her breasts, taking my time to suck her hardened long nipples. She arched her back and I somehow felt an elation inside of me. I moved my mouth lower onto her abdomen and kissed it and I could feel her panting as I tweaked her nipples.

I could sense a change from behind me and as I lowered myself down towards her awaiting clit, I felt him reach under me to touch my anus and towards my very wet honey pot. Taking two fingers and putting them inside of me, moving them in and out with slow methodical strokes. I was enjoying the sensation and he takes them out to touch my clit and move his fingers around and around it. I took my tongue and circled her clit and her hands moved to my head to further guide me as to her pleasure. She was moaning loudly and her body started to shake as I sucked and licked her clit, alternating between her pussy and her clit, laving her with my tongue. I knew she was going to cum and the taste of her honey was sweet.

I felt the movement behind me again and this time I could tell he was positioning himself to enter me from behind. I had always loved doggy style and then I felt his hardness enter me, he was rather thick and a little larger than average and he slid in and out and grasped my ass and hips with his strong hands and said "Hell Yes, I'm going to fuck you hard." I was spiraling now as was the beautiful brunette that was receiving pleasure from my mouth. I slid my fingers inside of her hot wet sheath and sucked her clit to bring her to a full and complete climax. Her cries filled the night air as her heated climax built, continued to grow and she thrashed around as her back arched as she cried out "OH FUCK YES..YES..YES."

She was trembling and almost at that exact moment as she held my head tighter and pushed my head deeper to suck her clit even more, I felt my male partner gasp and hold my ass tighter against him as he plunged deeper into me, his rhythm increasing and my body was on fire. I honestly couldn't stand it anymore and I could feel the heat build. My body rising above it all, to that place of no return the sensation so delicious that I was going to cum and hard. 

Between the sensation of giving oral to this sexy brunette and the handsome hunk of man buried deeply inside of me I was sexually at my erotic peak. He pushed one more time..the brunette screamed out as I sucked her clit one more time and he yelled and held my hips and then it was almost The night was hot and the tropical breeze was blowing through the window on this Island paradise. Just recently showered I was restless and bored at 1 AM and wanted to walk along the beach or go for a dip in the pool, naked of course. It wasn't advisable for a woman to go out alone in a strange foreign place where anything could happen. I shook my head and decided to hell with it, I'm heading out in the unknown and doing something a little exciting and risque. I looked at myself in the mirror and could see that impish grin in my large blue eyes. 

I smiled at my reflection and shook my blonde head in a naughty way, my golden hair flying around me. I grabbed a towel and I had on a short robe over my golden brown nudity and a pair of comfy thong sandals on my feet. I could smell my exotic scent of ginger and coconut oil and it was divine.

I didn't make a sound as my sister was sleeping in the next bed and she was out like a light after consuming more Long Island Iced Tea than she could have ever imagined possible. Her soft snores filled the room, I smiled over at her and I was happy to be heading out albeit briefly for an after midnight walk and a swim. I walked softly to the door without making a sound and tiptoed out into the hallway, the door giving a light click as it locked and closed tightly behind me. I could feel my heart beating rapidly in my chest and I was a touch apprehensive going out on my own on this beautiful resort, tonight. I truly needed this, I hadn't done anything this daring and adventurous for some time. I smiled as I walked to the elevator thinking how delicious that water was going to feel on my naked soft skin.

The foyer was quiet in the hotel and there was only a night cleaner and a couple sitting together focused on each other, their eyes seeing nobody as they were in love. That look of complete longing gave me a small feeling of sadness in my heart. I shrugged it off quickly, I had no time to be reflective and melancholy, it was supposed to be a night of adventure and carefree fun, to hell with my past and what had transpired with lost, bitter love. I sashayed out through the front revolving doors into the fragrant night. The stars were shining so brilliantly and the moon sat high in the sky casting her glow upon the land. I looked at the beach and shivered, something seemed to say, stay away, don't go there. I headed off in the direction of the adjoining pool where you had the option of nude swimming or clothed.

I walked over to the side of the pool and the lights were dimmed the water looked so inviting and the night breeze was very balmy. Taking my sandals off, and my lovely blue beach cover up, I stood there naked for only moment. Walking over to the diving board I raise my hands and lift them high, my bountiful breasts rising with the movement and I can feel my nipples harden in the night breeze. I lift my face towards the sky and feel like an enchanting water goddess giving myself up like a sacrificial lamb to the Island Gods. I point my fingers and put my feet together and arc my body into the air as I dive directly into the pool. My fingertips touching the water first and I leave very little splash, my diving instructor would have applauded me as I glide through the water and submerge a short distance away.

I see the couple at the far end of the pool as I wipe the water from my eyes, a man and a woman both naked and watching me. She is very pretty, stacked and a brunette and he looks bronzed with medium brown hair, great looking and fit with a cock that is standing upright and very rigid. The light that is reflecting off their faces shows their avid interest in me, the brunette licking her lips and touching her firm full breasts and the man touches his cock with his hand brushing his hand over it and smiling at me. I feel a tenseness inside of my body, some apprehension and yet a yearning for the excitement that is being offered to me. I've never ventured this far before a threesome with a very attractive female and a rugged handsome male.

My mind is full of racing thoughts and then I watch them come into the water at the shallow end, wading out towards me. Her hands are outstretched and her voice is soft and velvety.."Hello, beautiful sexy lady, you are an amazing sight for our weary eyes tonight my sweet." I could feel the butterflies commence and I hear his growl deep in his throat as I make my mind up to meet them half way. My breasts bouncing on the water and my coral nipples very hard and sensitive. The lighting shows off my tanned and fit body, my breasts large and beautifully shaped, my golden hair hanging down my back, wet as a mermaids. I reach the the couple and her hands reach out to touch me in a soothing manner.

She walks closer and the man with her stands still and watches us for the moment, with a very sexy smile and showing off those beautiful strong white teeth of us. She touches my mouth and sighs and tells me how beautiful my face is. Her hand touching each of my features and then moving down my neck, I shiver with an emotion that is foreign to me. I have never allowed a woman to touch me before and I feel an excitement as she slowly moves her fingers down over the tops of my breasts and touches my nipples delicately. She is a somewhat taller than I am and she moves closer as her shapely body touches mine. Telling me not to be frightened as she looks into my eyes..hers are large and brown like a does, and mine are equally large and an oceanic blue. 

She continues to stare into my eyes, I am mesmerized and I feel the wetness in my honey pot as she leans down to kiss my lips, her lips are soft and her breath smells of mints. Closer, closer and very soothingly; then her tongue moves into my mouth and we French kiss. It is a dangerous and flirtatious kiss, for a fraction of a moment I hesitate and then I reciprocate and move my tongue over hers, she moans into my mouth and her hands are touching and fondling my breasts now. I feel my hands move over her smooth silky back and down over her very round ass and I squeeze her cheeks. Suddenly her mood changes and she becomes a touch more aggressive and her hands move down over the indentation of my waist to smooth down my curvaceous hips and then around to my rounded lush ass to rotate them around and around.

I feel her nipples touch mine hers are very hard and cold and mine are warmer and very rigid. We move our bodies against each other and the kiss has become electric as she moves her hand under me to touch around my anus and then towards my honey pot. Her fingers delicately approaching my clit..I gasp as she touches me and I can feel the plumpness give way to her fingers, softening as they caress me. I slowly bring my fingers toward the front of her pubic area and she is smooth like I am..and my fingers touch her labia and her clit as well. She bites my lips and touches me more..Crying out into my mouth, "OH YES, YES don't stop" and I feel her open to my fingers as they move over her soft pearl.

I feel a movement behind me and then I feel the hardness of the man's cock against my ass, rubbing it up and down, not penetrating just lightly caressing me with his hardness. His hands are moving over each of us and his breathing his labored. He whispers in my ear and nips my lobe, "Touch my cock, golden beauty". I need no further prompting and I reach behind me with my free hand to stroke him..Groaning he says "OH YES, like that up and down."..I feel such incredible eroticism inside of me. I want to pleasure each of these sensual and beautiful individuals. The kiss hasn't stopped and her tongue is probing my mouth, suddenly pulling away from my mouth. My hand on her clit is driving her wild now. I feel her body start to tremble, shake and then she says in a breathless voice, "later my luscious one, later." Leaning down she sucks on my nipples and her hand draws away from my clit.
