 You weren't sleeping very well so decided to take a sleeping tablet just to get you through the night. After a short while you fell into a deep sleep.

You woke up blurry eyed, it was still night, darkness was all around you. You tried to adjust your eyes to the dark before realising that you were blindfolded and couldn't see. You went to sit up but couldn't move your arms or legs. They were tied to the bed both your arms and legs were spread apart. A cool breeze wafted across your skin sending a shiver through your body. You were naked and helpless. You call out, there's no response.

Suddenly a cold ignites the flame in your nipples. Something very cold and wet is on your nipples. The cold water runs off them down your side and drips onto the bed. You can feel the ice cube being rubbed around your nipples. A tingling sensation runs through your body, your nipples responding to the touch of the ice, you can feel the heat between your legs responding to the feeling. The ice-cube begins to move its way down your chest, down your stomach circling your belly button. "Who's there?" you ask but there's no response. It can't be Paul he's miles away. The ice-cube continues its way down your body with the invisible hand you can't see directing its movements. It stops above the curls of your pubic hair then traces a line around the shape. Slowly the ice-cube moves downwards through the hair until it touches the lips of your now wet pussy, wet from the excitement caused by the ice-cubes journey. It stops on your tender pink lips then slowly begins to trace the outline of your beautiful pussy lips. You moan with shock and pleasure combined, the shock of the cold the pleasure of the feelings it stirs inside. Your body arches as you cum, your juice mingling with the dripping water of the ice. Panting you again try to move but are unable to do so. You can sense somebody there but no words are spoken.

The bed moves as somebody climbs onto it. You sense movement by your head. You lay there still wondering what is going to happen next. You began to smell a musty but pleasurable scent above you. Slowly the scent gets stronger and stronger; you tilt your head upwards trying to work out what the smell was. Your nose touches something hot and wet. It doesn't move. Curious you put out your tongue to see if you can taste it. Touching something hot and wet you begin to move your tongue back and forth. You know that it's a pussy above your face and you begin to probe it with your tongue, pushing it deep inside and savouring the taste of the unknown woman above you. Your tongue slides back and forth, devouring the fluids that leak from it. Taking the clit in your mouth you suck hard on it. You are so engrossed in the act of devouring the woman you do not realise that a mouth clamps each of your nipples sucking hard on them. Each one being teased and bit by an unknown mouth. You realise what is being done to your nipples. The excitement intensifies inside you. Deeper and deeper you force your tongue inside the pussy lapping up the juices. You feel the lips contract to your touch. The orgasm is building inside the unseen body. With a groan you feel the juice flowing into your mouth and you lap it up with vigour. Panting the stranger moves away. You feel a mouth on your mouth mingling saliva and love juice together, not knowing if it's male or female kissing you; you respond and probe the mouth with your tongue. Then it's gone.

Your concentration turns back the pleasure your nipples are getting from the unseen mouths. You are panting, the orgasm is building inside you, your whole body begins to tense as you begin to reach a crescendo, nearly there, and then it happens. Just as quickly as the mouths were there they were gone. But you hadn't fulfilled your orgasm; frustration hits you as you slowly begin to come down off the peak. Suddenly you feel it; a tongue buries itself deep into your moist, hot cunt and begins to lick the juice from your sopping wet hole. The orgasm begins to build again, you're frantic to cum. The tongue probes you going in deep and slowly swirling about inside. You can't hold back, you want it to last for longer but the intensity of the orgasm building cries out to be released. Lips clamp around your clitoris, teasing it, sucking first hard, then soft. Frustrated that your hands are tied, you want to force the mouth harder onto your cunt and ride it. And then it happens, the wave of the orgasm hits you hard, your whole body shakes uncontrollably as your body is racked by the surge. The juice floods from your tender lips into the mouth of the mysterious person who is drinking greedily from the overflowing cup of your love.

Your body collapses on the bed still unable to move your arms and legs. You lie there for a short while wondering who is doing this to you. You feel movement between your legs as somebody edges themselves inside the gap. Your body quivers as you feel the hot tip of an erect penis slide itself into your cunt. It begins to slide slowly at first in and out. It moves easily as your cunt is soaking. You raise your hips to meet it and begin to grind as best you can onto the cock. It feels so good to have a hard cock inside you, not knowing who it belongs to adds to the feeling. You hear a noise at the side of the bed near your head; you turn towards where the sound is and feel the tip of a cock placed onto your lips. Opening your mouth you draw it in so slowly and begin to suck on it feeling the hardness of it and the blood pumping through the veins as the more you suck the harder it seems to get. Just then the cock is drawn out of your cunt. A finger begins to force your arsehole open and then slowly the cock eases into your arse and begins the build up a rhythm there. You suck harder on the cock willing the owner of it to empty his cum into your mouth. Greedily you suck drawing the love juice from out of it. You can taste the pre-cum on it as you draw it in and out of your mouth. It suddenly swells and then begins to empty into your mouth. You suck it harder drawing the juice out of it as you swallow. Eventually it's given up all that it has and the cock is drawn out of your mouth.

Your attention is drawn back to your arse as the pumping in it gets harder and faster. You know their time is near to cum; yours is building as the whole episode floods through your body. Hands grip your hips hard, panting emanates from whomever it is that is fucking your arse. Your orgasm is building to a crescendo. The hands grip you even tighter as the pumping motion stops. You feel the cock emptying its contents into your arse as you begin to cum again. You thrash about as it seems to take control of your body and soul. You lift your hips off the bed forcing the emptying cock deeper inside you as your orgasm floods throughout your body. Collapsing back onto the bed the cock is drawn from you and you lie there panting. 

Your mind is racing as first one set of lips kiss you, then another, then another and finally one last kiss. Four kisses must have meant that you had been fucked by four people. 

"Happy birthday", a voice whispers in your ear