 My partner Jane had shopped on the internet and bought a sexy white dress with a matching lace thong, it was very daring as the material was see through and had a large flowery pattern, it was the sort of thing Jane enjoyed wearing on holiday, although it would probably take a few drinks for her to dare to wear it outside the bedroom. We were taking a summer vacation in a Norfolk cottage, it was very hot that week so we went to the beach most days. 

There was a local naturist beach close by, one afternoon we went to sunbathe there and had soon acquired an all over tan. After that first afternoon at the naturist beach Jane decided to shave her pussy as being shaved made her feel more uninhibited than usual, she would enjoy flashing her pussy at other guys on the beach knowing it would get me aroused. 

After breakfast the next day the temperature had already risen into the 30's so Jane suggested we went back to the naturist beach. We took up a position in an area of the beach with quite a lot of other couples, Jane stripped off and sat with her legs parted to give a good view of her naked pussy to anybody that was interested. I knew she would get moist if a guy looked at her pussy, that she would be up for some fun if they were good looking and confident enough to make a pass. One older guy sat close by us and couldn't take his eyes off of Jane's shaven pussy, he smiled at us.

Jane whispered to me 'he's not my sort forget it'.

However this particular day the good looking guys on the beach seemed to be gay couples. A couple of guys were even stroking each others hard cocks in our full view, when they had finished they had cum over their bellies, watching them perform on the beach had made us feel very horny, however they showed no interest in Jane's shaven muff, so we went back to the cottage frustrated. 

That evening we had taken our evening meal in a nice local hostelry, a poster showed live entertainment and dancing was available later that evening in a barn at the back of the building. Having finished a nice meal washed down with a couple of bottles of nice wine, we decided it would round off the day nicely if we were to come back for the live entertainment. 

We went back to our cottage to get changed, Jane showered and then slipped into her white flowery dress and thong which she was wearing for the first time. I looked at her admiringly, the dress hugged her figure in all the right places. I don't think she had realised though just how see through the dress fabric was though, as her large dark nipples were showing clearly through the fabric, wearing the white thong hid her shaved pussy and preserved her modesty, but the outfit would have men drooling. 

We walked back to the hostelry as the sun was going down, it was a beautiful evening we laughed and joked together as we walked feeling fully relaxed as you do when you are on holiday. When we arrived at the hostelry I ordered some drinks at the bar, it was very crowded, a band sang and played, several couples were already up dancing, there was a nice atmosphere that evening. 

I noticed an attractive couple sitting at a table close by, I was sure they were both looking and admiring Jane's tight bottom which was hugging the see through fabric of her dress, from behind it looked as if she might be completely naked under her dress although you could see the top elastic of her white thong. The couple looked attractive, he looked athletic and his partner wore a short skimpy dress, I was sure I could make out her stocking tops under her dress, I always find women wearing stockings a big turn on I love to see a woman wearing only stockings with a suspender belt, I can't resist them.

We went and sat down on some seats at the same table as the attractive couple. We listened to the music and watched the other couples dancing, we were in a relaxed mood. After our first drink, we started a conversation with the attractive couple who told us their names were Rick and Sasha and that they lived locally, they were a similar age to us and shared similar interests. 

Rick smiled saying to Jane 'I particularly enjoy spending my leisure time watching shapely women wearing sexy outfits'. 

We had a dance as separate couples, Rick then asked Jane if she would like to dance with him, enthusiastically she said yes of course. I asked Sasha if she would dance with me, she jumped up and grabbed me sweeping me to the dance floor. Sasha was a buxom girl who laughed a lot she was tipsy and full of saucy chat, she mentioned that Rick did not mind seeing her getting it on with another man (or woman), as long as it was not done in an underhand way. I felt the top of Sasha's leg as we danced and confirmed she was wearing stockings with a suspender belt.

I said to Sasha 'I can't resist the sight of a woman in stockings'.

Sasha said 'I love wearing stockings when I'm having sex'. 

I said to Sasha 'I love it when other men find Jane attractive, there's no harm in having some fun and games'. 

We looked towards Rick and Jane dancing they were kissing and he was feeling her all over. We all sat down together again with another drink we were well relaxed in each other company now, I told Jane what Sasha had said about Rick liking to see her with other men, Jane picked up the thread saying how we had once swapped partners thoroughly enjoying the experience. 

Jane excused herself from the table saying she needed to go into the Ladies room for a freshen up, when she came back I noticed that she had removed her thong, her shaven pussy was now easily visible through the see through fabric of her white dress. Jane remarked that it was too hot and steamy to stay in the bar and asked if we could go out for some air. I asked Sasha and Rick if they would like to come back to our cottage for a cool nightcap, they readily agreed. 

I had one last dance with Sasha, I pressed against her body and squeezed her as we danced feeling her stockings and suspender belt again, it was nice feeling another woman close to me who was now responding readily to my touch. I watched Rick dancing with Jane, he was stroking her bottom through her dress (I think he was trying to confirm that she wasn't wearing any knickers now), Jane looked excited and was enjoying the attention she was receiving from Rick, he appeared to be rubbing his cock against her groin area and they were both laughing. We left the bar and rolled drunkenly down the lane towards the cottage which was only a few hundred yards away. 

Back at the cottage, I mixed some cocktails in tall glasses with loads of ice, as we drank I mentioned about Jane's nice see through dress and how sexy she looked now with her thong removed, Jane blushed brightly at this revelation and we all laughed. 

Rick said to Jane 'I can't see anything through your dress'.

Jane then slowly lifted up her dress to reveal her shaved pussy and said the reason he couldn't see her pussy was because she had shaved all of her pubic hair off.

Jane asked Rick 'would you like to feel how smooth my pussy is and placed his hand between her legs'. 

Rick now placed Jane's hand in his bulging trouser lap, I though I heard Jane gasp as she pressed down on his lap. Jane then started peeling her white dress right off saying it was hot and she needed to cool down, she stood unsteadily with her slim tanned body on display to us all looking great. 

Jane was drunk and her inhibitions were now gone completely, she was enjoying standing naked in front of Rick and Sasha, she told them about sunbathing nude at the beach that afternoon, about seeing the two guys masturbating and seeing their cum on them, saying how it made her feel really horny and left her feeling frustrated.

Rick said 'we can't have that can we'. 

As Jane was telling the story she had slowly spread her legs wide apart and started rubbing her clitoris which was now swollen and red, spreading and stretching her pussy lips with her other hand she smiled and telling Sasha and Rick how much she liked people who appreciated watching her perform, she masturbated her shaven pussy and squeezed on her breasts getting very worked up. 

Sasha looked very excited now and had started to strip her own clothes off, her big tits looked fantastic as they sprang out of her bra into our full view, she slipped off her sexy knickers but she kept her stockings and suspender belt on winking at me, she started to masturbate, rubbing her clitoris and lips vigorously, joining in with Jane's performance. 

Rick's penis was now pushing his trousers up like it was a big tent pole, Sasha suggested it would be more comfortable if we all got naked. We quickly stripped our clothes off, Rick was slim and muscular, I found myself looking straight at his erect cock I was amazed at its length and at what a large girth it had, I had never seen such a massive hard cock in the flesh before. 

My own penis was now fully erect, I pulled back my foreskin and started to stroke my hard cock. I watched Sasha masturbating and asked her if she would rub my cock for me. She let me kiss her pussy as she sucked and stroked my cock enthusiastically. 

I said to Rick I don't mind if you want to fuck Jane as long as she is up for it'. 

Rick laughed and said 'OK', then looking towards Jane said 'are you sure you want to try my big cock? you can just suck on it if you prefer'. 

Jane told Rick 'I have never had such a massive cock inside me before, but I am a girl up for a challenge, I will fuck you if you don't rush me, but you must let me stay on top so it doesn't hurt me'. 

Rick then looked towards me and said 'I'd love to see you fucking Sasha, she loves me watching her'.

Sasha now had her hairy fanny spread wide open, the pubic hair contrasted with Jane's naked pussy. I produced some johnnies and laid them out on the coffee table. Jane moved over to Rick, looking down at his massive hard cock.

Jane said 'I definitely wouldn't be able to take it inside stretching my fanny wider, then when my pussy is well lubricated I might just be able to squeeze your cock inside me'. 

Jane then went down on Rick, she played her tongue over his cock, gently kissed and stroked it checking out its length, looking nervous as if she wondered would she be able to handle it.

Rick said to her 'its OK Jane it won't bite you'. 

Jane then bent over to let him kiss her wet pussy lips, Rick tongued her pussy and helped to ready her love hole by easing several fingers inside her rotating them around and around. Rick squeezed on Jane's firm tits and nipples at the same time that he licked and fingered away at her fanny, giving everybody a good view of the action and getting her fully aroused, there were squelching sounds as her love juices started flowing freely. 

I was already kissing Sasha and had begun to suck on her lovely big tits and nipples, I started to rub her hairy pussy mound, her juices were also flowing, her pussy was now moist and inviting. Jane was really getting really excited by Rick's attentions, her love juices were now running down her legs as if she had wet herself. 

Rick quickly slipped an extra large Johnny onto his cock, Jane started using her own hand to finish stretching her opening as wide as possible so she would be ready to try his big dick for size. Jane was soon lowering her naked pussy down onto Rick's massive cock, her pussy lips stretched tightly around his cock as she managed to get them round its full circumference and was soon slowly sliding up and down on his cock taking it an inch or so inside her love hole. Jane was getting used to its massive girth, slowly taking it further inside her, going deeper inch by inch. Amazingly after several minutes fucking Jane was almost taking Rick's full length and girth inside her (he must have been over nine inches long), finally she took his full length inside her up to its hilt.

At that moment Jane looked towards Sasha and I with her eyes watering and mouthed breathlessly 'that must be right in now' 

Rick said 'yes that feels great get to work on it'. 

Jane moaned loudly quickening her tempo she was sliding up and down like it was a piston inside her, her nipples stood out hard, a squirt of her love juices found its way out from her fanny and sprayed out in a fine jet as she slid right down on Rick's massive cock she cried out in ecstasy and climaxed, Rick cried out as he exploded his cum (inside the johnny), Jane slowed and looked elated. 

I had finished sucking away on Sasha's wet clitoris, I slipped on a johnny, sliding my hard cock inside Sasha's inviting, hairy, wet fanny and started to fuck her hard, rotating my cock to make up for my lack of girth, I slapped away playfully on her bum, which she enjoyed very much, I bit on her nipples as she came to a shuddering climax. We had swapped back to our own partners and started fucking away together again. Afterwards we all showered together, Jane washed Rick's cock, it was still huge even when it was soft.

Jane looked down Rick's cock and said 'I couldn't believe I managed to take it's full length and girth all the way in, it was a great experience which I won't forget in a hurry, but I won't be trying any bigger cocks in future as my fanny stretching limit has been reached'.

Rick laughed 'you did a great job on top Jane, I came the moment you climaxed'. 

We had one last drink together, kissed each other goodnight, knowing without saying that this liaison would be for one night only, we knew both couples loved sharing experiences with each other and didn't want to spoil it by taking too much. 

The next day I chatted with Jane about how much we had enjoyed the previous days events. I told Jane she had done a great job initiating the fun and games. I told her how we had all loved seeing her striptease and the way she massaged her naked pussy in front of us. Jane mentioned she had been scared that his cock might split her open, but it had been OK as long as she stayed on top and was in charge of it. I told her I was surprised that she had been able to take its full length to the hilt in her love hole.

Jane said 'I know, I surprised myself' she laughed and said 'no more white dress, I don't want a repeat of last night's experience, my pussy is still sore now'.