 Erotic Exotic Ball – Pre Event

This story takes place at the infamous Erotic Exotic Ball held around Halloween each year in San Francisco. Around this time I was dating Irene. More precisely, Irene and I were having a good sexual relationship. Both of us knew we had no intention of being together for the long haul, but we had enough in common to enjoy each others company. And we were very sexually compatible and open. This came in handy since we had several mutual friends at work, many of which I had had sexual relations with. It was especially important as our night at the Erotic Exotic Ball unfolded. 

The event planning started innocently enough at lunch in the corporate cafeteria. Being in our mid-twenties and single our conversation easily turned to sex and dating quite frequently. That day we were discussing Halloween plans and where the good parties might be when Cory let us know she usually goes to the Erotic Exotic Ball each year. We had heard of this event, but only Arlene had ever gone before.

Cory surprised us with her plans since she did not appear to be someone who would relish this kind of event. We sat back and enjoyed listening to her described the event in detail. For her, the biggest thrill was seeing everyone else wandering around naked and the trade booth’s were a variety of adult products were pitched and available for demo. We pushed her about her attire and activities but she adamantly denied she had ever worn anything revealing or tried the toys. What she usually wore was a bikini or short shorts. Cory did say that by the time she left she was really horny. 

Arlene had another remembrance. She said she only went once and was pretty trashed. She remembers having sex with a lot of guys. Arlene would provide no more details but the memory appeared to be a found one for her. Cory also confirmed that she had seen people having sex and it was fun to watch.

The plans solidified over the next week and Irene and I went to buy the tickets. I had to be a very lucky man. I was going to the ball with five women. We were going to meet at five p.m. at Irene’s apartment in San Francisco. We would change there into our outfits and take a cab to the ball. The next week was one of anticipation. As the only male I was somewhat left out of the females’ conversations, particularly the one’s surrounding costumes.

I arrived early to help Irene set up. Rather than dinner we arranged a buffet of snacks along with several good wines. I’ll describe each of the guests as they arrive, starting with your hostess.

Irene is Japanese-American and every bit the exotic Asian beauty you could imagine. She is taller at 5’ 6” and in extremely good shape. Irene is a semi-competitive runner and all of her training has left her with an incredible set of long, toned legs and nice healthy tan. Her butt is tight and tone and her hips very womanly. Irene is not incredibly endowed up top. In fact, her breasts remind you more of an undeveloped pre-pubescent male’s chest except for one important difference. She has amazingly long and hard nipples.

Nancy, one of Irene’s best friends, arrives first. Nancy is an all-American mid-westerner girl born and raised in Chicago. She is a cute blonde that enjoys a good dirty joke. Her sexcapades are legendary and something she is quite proud of. Nancy has been naturally endowed with a set of 40D tits. Something she is quite willing to flaunt to get attention. At twenty-five her tits are still nice and firm and her body trim, although many of us speculate she is the body type that will become an overweight housewife by her mid-forties. All the more reason to enjoy her now.

Joan and Cory arrive together. Roommates for the last several years they are opposites in many ways. Cory is fondly referred to as “Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm.” She is a sandy-haired petite blonde that can hold her own roughhousing with the boys. An active cyclist her body and legs are toned. Somewhat fair skinned she carries a light tan from her outdoor activities. Her breasts are a nice B-cup. They fit nicely inside the palm of your hand. Her nipples are a rich pink and puffy texture when aroused.

Joan would never be called innocent, although her reputation is not as bad as her actual behavior. A brunette, Joan’s hair is medium-length and reaches the middle of her 34D breasts. She has a beautiful face highlighted by deep, inviting brown eyes and a cute dimpled outlined smile. However, her most memorable feature is those tits. A part-time aerobic instructor, she is in great shape and has well-toned and thin arms and shoulders. Her chest muscles are developed and support her cleavage, keeping her firm mounds well secured and protruding from her chest.

Arlene is the last to arrive. Her nickname at work is “Arlene the Dream.” She has earned it in two ways. First, she truly is a California blonde dream. An executive administrative assistant Arlene dresses very stylishly but always in a way that shows her body to its fullest. Her skirts are just short enough to expose the sleek line of her tan legs. Her blouses sheer enough to tempt the eye to see her treasures, which are never truly exposed; however, the shape of her nice 34C breasts are clearly outlined. 

“Arlene the Dream” refers to the endless amount of male foot traffic that passes her open cube everyday, even though it is out of the way. “Arlene the Dream” is also a remark we use to tease her about the ego she denies she has. Arlene is very well aware how gorgeous she is, but pretends she does not know she is so pretty or that it is really not that good of a thing, very hard to deal with men always hitting on her. However, she can be counted on to make a grand entrance. Sizing up the other women to see if anyone matches up to her and making sure the male attention has shifted in her direction. If disappointed she can be counted to pout for a while.

We settle down to the snacks and wine. The conversation drifts to the ball and expectations. In general nobody really knows what to expect but a sense of openness to whatever happens is conveyed across the group. Individual’s alternate form expectations of complete lewd public behavior to simply watching. Likewise, we vacillate between what needs to be done to control our urges to what needs to be done to get the attention and service we desire. Time draws near and the women retreat to different rooms to change into their ball attire.

Irene has been thoughtful and supplied each of us with a light full-length raincoat we can use to go to and from the ball. Irene has also been good enough to provide my costume, which she has in her room. 

“Yours is in the bag. I hope you like it.” Irene explains. I see the bag. It is no bigger than a small lunch bag. I am hesitant as I open the bag and pull out my costume for the night. “I hope your OK with it. I think it will turn everyone on to see you in this.”

At best my costume is a mini g-string. Nothing but a small string that forms the outlines of a thong with a pouch for my balls and what looks like a 9” sleeve for my cock. The sleeve has a Velcro closure on it and is made from a more rigid material that is already fixed to stand firmly. 

“I know you are always jealous at how woman ‘parade’ around naked. I thought tonight would be your chance to be nude in public. I made the sleeve hard because I thought you could use it as a prank and it would help with your fear of popping a boner in public.” I agree to use it and ask what the Velcro is for.

“That’s in case any of us want access to the real thing. I thought it could be a discreet way to get you out and going and put you away really quick as well. I got a mask for you as well so you can be somewhat hidden and hard to recognize if that helps.”

I hesitate only briefly before Irene finishes the encouragement. “Come on, honey. It will be fun. Want to see what I am wearing?” I agree and watch in anticipation as she pulls out her outfit. Irene has two pieces. The first she pulls out is a slink black camisole top. The second item is a skimpy black thong panty. “I hope your going to be happy. The top only cost me $10. If I want to go topless I won’t feel bad about losing it. And the front of the bottom is really skinny. I’m not sure it is going to cover all of my labia. If I spread my legs or twist wrong I’m sure a part of my mound will show. And you know, I had to shave for this.” The thought of Irene topless and nearly bottomless with a shaved pussy brought me back into the mood to wear anything. This was going to be fun.

We undress facing each other across her bed. She pulls off her T-shirt and quickly puts the camisole on. I nod in approval. The fabric thin and clingy, her nipples poke out distinctly from her chest. She waits for me to be naked before pulling down her running shorts. True to her word her pubic region is shaved, except for just a tuft hair right above her clit. “How do you like it?” Irene asks, striking several model poses before reaching for her thong. She slides it on and adjusts the fabric. It can not be more than an inch wide in front. The black lace is semi-transparent and appears more revealing than it really is. 

I drop my shorts and stand naked in front of her as I arrange her costume. “I see you like it.” Irene smiles appreciatively, my semi-hard cock giving away my thoughts. I smile back as I pull my g-string on, place my cock in the sheath and tuck my balls away. I spin to give her a full view. She seems pleased with her work.

We hug as both of our hands explore the familiar exposed cheeks of the other person ass. The g-strings leaving nothing to the imagination. As I reach to fondle her nipples she cuts me off. “Let’s get on our coats and see how everyone else is doing.”

Arlene and Nancy are waiting for us in the living room. Cory and Joan are not far behind as we hear them coming down the stairs. We all look at each other with a sense of anticipation. The raincoats cover all, yet we know some interesting things are going on just underneath. Irene suggests a shot of tequila before we unveil ourselves. We all oblige in a hearty toast and wait for the next step.

Arlene volunteers to go first. “I hope you won’t be disappointed. I didn’t get a costume yet but I should be getting one at the ball.” We are confused by her comments as she unties the belt of her coat and lets it slide of her shoulders. “Arlene the Dream” is completely naked. She turns to the right and left and asks, “What do you think.” I clap in appreciation. “Thank you” Arlene responds and bows in acknowledgement. 

Her body is truly great. She is nice and tan all over, apparently her stories about the tanning salon are true. Her breasts are bouncy with nice perky nipples that extend slightly upwards. Her pubic hair is blonde and tightly trimmed. She leaves the coat on the floor and sits down in her chair. “Might as well get used to being naked.” She smirks. “Whose next?”

“I’ll go.” Irene volunteers. She stands in the center of what is now a circle and also unties her belt. She teases us by first flashing open the right side and then the left side of the coat. Shouts of admiration let Irene know we like what we see. With one final move she throws open both sides of the coat and lets it fall to the floor. The black color complements her skin and hair very well. Her ass looks amazingly firm and inviting, the wisp of fabric not even visible in her asses’ crack.

Irene takes the seat next to Arlene. Her panties so sparse she looks bottomless as she sits down. “I have a treat for you all. I designed the following costume and hope you like. Honey, please show the ladies what you have in store for them.” Irene states, naming me to go next.

With only a shrug I quickly remove my coat. Being the only male in the room, the stares from a room of semi-naked women is overwhelming. “Nice ass” Arlene comments to break the ice. I turn to complement her and I am startled ass a pair of hands firmly grip my cheeks. 

“I want to get me some of that!” Nancy exclaims as she lets go. She starts a trend as each woman fondles, spanks or grabs my butt. The attention is nice but unsettling in how unusual it is. I sit next to Irene, the cock sheath sticking out at attention. I can not forget my basic nudity as I smile at Nancy and suggest she go next.

Obviously more attune to flaunting her assets Nancy struts to the middle of the room. She teases us by exposing her naked legs before turning her back on us. She picks up the hem of the coat and flicks it over her ass. We now have a clue to her clothing. She is wearing white, almost see-through panties. They appear French-cut as they ride high on her hips, yet the cloth covers most of her ass. A little fuller than the rest of the women she has chosen to cover more of her butt.

With flair she flicks the coat off. Her top appears to be a matching white corset. The corset binds her middle, accentuating the curve of her hips. Her hands cover her breasts as she turns to face our direction. My first thought is Nancy must be bare breasted. I have longed to see her tits but my eyes are drawn to her pussy. Her panties are French-Cut, very tight and very transparent in front. The tuft of her pubic hair and outline of her vaginal lips are clearly visible through the fabric.

Nancy smiles as she can tell we are approving of her outfit. She removes her hands from her boobs and flings her arms out to her side. At the same time she throws her head back at lets out a loud “TA-DA!” Her corset ends just below her breast, providing a shelf-bra to help support and lift up her good-sized tits.

“Oh my God!” I exclaim, “I gotta get some of that!” I mention back to Nancy.

“I hope you do!” Nancy smiles back as she takes a seat.

Cory is next and stands to remove her coat. “I don’t think this will surprise anyone.” She states as her coat drops to the floor. She has been quite creative and is dressed as a naughty Little Bo Beep. The first thing you notice is her dress is transparent. She has somehow created a blue and white checkerboard pattern in the fabric that you see at certain angles. At others angles it becomes translucent and it appears as if she is wearing nothing. On her shoulder are little puffs of white fabric much like you see on little doll clothes.

She is topless and her little boobs look cute under the cloth. She has chosen a red thong for her undergarment. As a final surprise she picks up her accessories. A riding crop to “herd the sheep” and an oversized lollipop. She gives it a big lick and asks what we think. “I think your flock is going to ‘frock’ you tonight!” Joan exclaims.

“I feel overdressed.” Joan states, being the last person wearing a coat. She picks up a whip lying next to her and snaps it sharply on the floor. As she does it again she manages to drop her coat. She is dressed as a very kinky dominatrix. She has on a leather halter that ties up the front. It just barely covers her breasts, which appear to be trying to squeeze out. Her panties appear to be leather as well. She wears leather mid thigh high boots and leather gloves that stop just above her elbows. We nod in approval.

“Well, this is quite an assortment.” Irene comments. “That got me horny. I’m not sure I should go out in public like this. I’m likely to fuck the 1st guy or gal that comes along.”

“1st, I might just fuck the first five.” Nancy adds in to a round of laughter. 

“I know I’m going to fuck somebody!” Arlene comments, more seriously than the rest. “What are you guys going to do tonight?” Arlene asks. The women look startled but then surprise me with their candor. “I’ve done it before and its great. You can be anonymous and be in public. It’s fantasy time.”

The general tone is Nancy would consider it if things feel right at the ball and the opportunity presents itself. Joan had not thought about it but might be game as well. Cory was very quite. Irene went next.

“Well, I thought about it. That’s why I got him this easy access package. In case I wanted some!” Irene comments. Joan started to ask me what I wanted but the women concluded for me that guys would fuck anything that moves. 

“Why do you get him to yourself?” Joan asks.

“I know you guys have had sex…. I guess you can borrow him.” Irene responds

“Me too!” Arlene and Nancy chime in. 

“How to you feel about being the group bone for the night?” Cory asks.

“Good!” I exclaim trying to appear confident but being somewhat apprehensive inside. I’d never heard this many gorgeous women talking so openly about sex. Having to perform scared me.

“Well, we have about 30 minutes before we need to leave. Any ideas on what we should do?” Irene continues on.

“I think I need to go get a vibrator and get these sexy thoughts out of my head.” Cory comments. “I don’t really think I want to get their this horny.”

“I think I do.” Arlene chimes in. “It’s a great place to have sex.”

“Would you all stop it.” Joan comments. “More talking about it is making me even wetter. And with this leather I don’t think I’ll be getting any tonight. I could use a good fucking right now.”

“Hey honey, think you could get us all calmed down before we get there.” Irene teases, drawing me into the conversation.

“I’d be happy to try.” I bluff back.

“Well, we only have 25 minutes so you better be quick.” Cory adds.

“I got an idea.” Nancy adds. “How about he gets us started. Then those that want to get there really horny will. If you want to get off you can finish yourself.”

“Do go on.” I add.

“OK, each lady gets the following. Their breasts fondled and nipples licked while you stroke his cock for one minute. Her pussy licked once and then gets fucked for one minute. That should give us enough time and get our motors started.” Nancy concludes. Everyone seems to nod in agreement “Ready to go?” She says nodding at me.

Needless to say I take up this offer. Nancy is elected to go first and I approach her anxious to get my hands on those tits. They are everything I imagined. Firm yet much too big to handle with one hand. I disappear into them, licking and sucking at the flesh surrounding me. I feel her hand find my sheath. “How do you get his cock out of here?” She questions. I hear the sound of the Velcro being pulled apart. Fingers reach under the band of my g-string and pull it down around my ankles. Nancy’s hand is quick to find my cock and masturbates me vigorously. 

Both hands are filled with Nancy’s tits. I push them together and try to get her nipples to meet so I can suck them both at once. I am buried in her breasts and enjoying the quick work she is making of my cock. I am only vaguely conscious of the other four people in the room.

“Times up!” Arlene shouts. “Let’s get on with it!” Nancy pulls away and positions herself on the floor. The room is very quite I kneel between her legs. She lifts her ass so I can pull her panties off. I look to my left and right, the women are transfixed as I toss Nancy’s white panties aside. She spreads her legs wide as my mouth descends to her lips. I give her a big lollipop stroke, starting just above her asshole and going all the way up to her pubic hair.

I move up and position my cock at her entrance. The room is deathly quite as I make I contact with Nancy. Her hands touch my hips and guide me forward and into her. Not fully wet yet, I only a 1/4th of my cock penetrate on the first thrust. I continue to push forward going deeper with every thrust. After four or five I feel the moisture starting to emanate from her hole. With the next stroke she opens fully and I plunge my length into her. 

With less than a minute to go I fuck Nancy hard. Her unconstrained tits bounce on her chest as I pound her good. I hear Cory whisper under her breath “He’s really fucking Nancy right her on the floor in front of everyone.” The only other noise I hear is deep breathing and the slurping sound of my cock rapidly working Nancy’s little hole.
