 Erotic Exotic Ball – The Opening Act

The 1st part of the trip was non-eventful. I think we were all recovering from our pre-ball balling and the race to the taxi. The silence was awkward. After more sexuality than we had anticipated we were met with silence and the presence of a stranger. What was everyone thinking? There was not a way to ask discretely in this more public forum. Perhaps it was better we didn’t have to confront our behavior but learned to just adapt and go on.

Nancy broke the ice with some idle chitchat with the cabby. After another mile or so he inquired about our costumes. After and awkward silence I teased and offered to show mine. I was glad he turned that down. Getting back in the mood Irene offered to preview hers for him. At the next light he adjusted his mirror and Irene stood up and opened her coat. From the back seat he could only view her top. He nodded approvingly. I giggled knowing he was missing the rest of her miniscule outfit. Joan followed next and got a strong whistle.

“What about the rest of you?” He inquired.

“There a little more revealing.” Cory responded.

“A little more revealing? How do you show more than that.” The driver responded.

“Oh what the hell,” Arlene says. “Like this!” she says as she fully opens her coat and gives the driver a full view of her naked body.

“Holy shit! You can’t get more naked than that!” responds the driver.

“Come on Cory, if you can’t flash it now how are you going to enjoy the ball?” Arlene asks as she settles back in her seat. The coat not fully closed as she allows the driver a good view of her body.

“OK” Cory says as she doffs her coat as well.

“My, aren’t you a nice little package as well.” The driver whistles in appreciation.

The mood in the van lightens considerably. Cory starts to put her coat back on put is quickly talked out of it. She too keeps in only partly closed. Traffic is bad and we edge towards the Cow Palace, site of the ball. The driver lets us know this could take a while. With that Arlene decides to escalate things a bit. 

While the driver is looking away she spreads her legs, giving him an unobstructed view of her pussy. She waits until he notices and then gives him a coy smile. As he returns the smile her hands reaches down between her legs and she starts to masturbate. “Got to keep from getting bored!” Arlene giggles as everyone catches on. 

“And what about you?” The driver asks Nancy. 

“I’ll show you at the next light.” Nancy responds, delighted with the attention.

As the traffic ahead crawls to a stop the riders dispatch calls. There has been an accident ahead. Expect to be stuck for the next ten to fifteen minutes. The driver sighs in response.

Nancy has the fix. “How about this?” She asks as she opens her coat. The driver’s eyes almost pop out as he gazes at Nancy’s naked breasts only a foot or two away from him. “Do you want to touch them?” She asks.

His hands reply as they greedily reach for Nancy’s tits. She makes it that much easier by leaning forward. He strokes them tentatively at first, until he realizes that Nancy has no intention of denying them to him. We watch from behind as his head leans forward and he tenderly kisses the breast in his hand.

The scene is too much for us in the back seat. Irene and Joan notice my hand has gone to my crotch. Irene helps free my cock and politely offers it to Joan. I ease back in my seat as Joan proceeds to give me head. With my right hand I cup Joan’s breast and with my left I reach down over Irene’s hip. Searching for her pussy.

Irene and Joan take turns sucking my cock and licking my balls. I try to recline into the seat and spread my legs to give them better access. As they adjust their position I find my hands can reach their cunts. I am in heaven. I lean back and enjoy the feeling of two mouths servicing my penis. My hands reach under their panties I rub their boxes. Up ahead, the illumination of the dash board and freeway signage illuminates the major breast sucking going on. Directly in front I seen Arlene’s tan leg sticking out over the seat. I can not see but I know she is hard at work pleasuring herself from her twitches and sighs.

All too quickly the traffic moves again and we are rolling. Nancy returns back to her seat and everyone settles down a bit. We arrive at the Cow Palace and are directed to a drop off point. The driver quickly asks if we will need a ride home. Nancy coyly tells him we would love to be picked up at 3:30 am if he could be available. Just to make sure she pats his crotch gently before kissing his package. “See you then!” On the way to the entrance she lets us know we probably have a free ride home if we want it.

We proceed to the main entrance with tickets in hand. The crowd is mixed. Some people are entering already in costume (or more accurately, lack of costume), most like us are obviously hiding something under a large coat, and some are dressed in street clothes probably here more to watch than perform. The watchers temporarily dampen our spirit. We find the coat check and join a long line; however, it is a pretty festive occasion. Each person disrobing is like a new present being unwrapped. Within a minute we see some very creative costumes and some people that are simply buck-naked.

As we approach the front Arlene taps me on the shoulder and lets me know she won’t be stopping here. She has to go pick up her costume. Hopefully, we will catch up later. If not, she’ll meet us out front at 3:30 when we leave.

Irene has already handed out small black masks that cover our eyes and sit just on top of our noses to all of us. The anonymity helps, as does the icebreaker at Irene’s apartment and the ride over. We are all getting more comfortable in our costumes. The coat check goes smoothly and we enter the main hall. The crowd is an interesting mix of exhibitionist and voyeurs, the women receiving a lot of gawking stares from the males.

We spend the next hour wandering through the immense building. The main areas appear to be a dance hall and main stage with big screen in the auditorium. Around the outside walkway are various food and drink vendors as well as couches and areas to relax. Behind the main auditorium is an exhibition hall. Inside various vendors, including many adult oriented businesses, have established booths similar to a trade show. Among the more interesting were the one’s selling adult videos which had non-stop scenes playing on screens behind them and a body-painting booth were the clientele was mostly women. 

Two specific booths caught our attention and were marked for a return trip. One was an adult store that was offering products for trial use. This seemed hard to believe but the manager confirmed it. Most of their love toys were out and ready for use. They had areas in the back were you could experiment with their toys and a cleaning station to sanitize them before other individual’s get to use them. We were all planning a trip back here.

The other was an area that only said “Charity Stage” on it and named the beneficiaries of the booth. We didn’t understand it since it didn’t look like an area to dispense information. In the middle of the exhibit was a raised platform. A single walkway led up to it and a broader elevated viewing platform was built around the outsides of it 

By now it was close to 9 p.m. and the main shows were about to start. The titles were provocative: Best Breasts by cup size and Best of Show, Best Costume, Best Strip Tease, Audience voting for various best of amateur video scenes and Best Sex Act. We sensed we were late and were looking for an open section of seats when we passed an access door. “Are you here for ‘Best Breasts?” one of the doormen asked Nancy. We all smiled as she agreed and was led back to compete. Cory, Joan, Irene and I found three seats in a secluded box in the upper section of the arena. The view of the stage was not great but we did have a nice view of the big screen.

Our seats were against a rear wall, which was nice since Irene had to sit on my lap and that meant we would not block someone’s view. Joan sat on the right and Cory on the left. Irene sat high on my upper right thigh. The Erotic Exotic Ball was already living up to its name. Sitting in a public auditorium basically naked was quite a turn on. The seats felt good on my naked ass and back. Looking to either side and seeing Cory’s breasts when the angle was correct or Joan’s erotic leather added to the sensation. Having Irene on my lap, her butt and legs naked and resting firm on my started to make me horny again. My hands rested high on Irene’s thighs. I think the touch excited her.

The lights were turned down as the shows started. The best costume show was funny and exciting. We waited for best breast and cheered our hardest for Nancy. The 1st round was a simple vote by applause with the women just standing there. Nancy easily made it into the final group of eight. In the final round she put on a good show swinging her breasts wildly about and fondling them seductively. However, some of the other women were clearly professional strippers. She came in a proud 3rd.

Next up were the strip teases which were very exciting. Eventually nature took its course and my hand slid up under Irene’s camisole and started to rub her nipples. Responding to my touch her hand found my cock and unleashed it from the Velcro enclosure.

Cory heard the noise and looked over. Her expression hard to interpret I asked her if it bothered her. She said no; just wishing she could be that sexy right now. I noticed Irene’s other hand find its way under her panty. I smiled at Cory as gingerly she eased her back against my shoulder. With my free hand I gently squeezed her breast. She smiled back and we all turned back to the screen. 

The best video’s start and we relax and watch a category called Best Breast Stimulation. I sense Irene’s weight shift in my lap as she firmly directs my now free cock. She places her legs outside mine and lowers herself onto my member. The video’s become a passed thought as I shift my weight to a position that allows as much of my cock as possible into Irene’s cunt. She leans back into me and slowly rotates her hips. Gradually moving my cock around in her pussy. The slow stimulation is wonderful.

Her fingers occasionally glide down over my cock and balls. I realize she is masturbating herself as well. I try to fondle her tits but the camisole is bunched up and in the way. Irene quickly discards it and leans back into me. I am vaguely aware of the crowd cheering as we continue on with a slow grind. Joan motions my hand off of Irene’s nipples as her mouth takes my place. I turn my attention to Cory and run my hand down her stomach and under her panties. She relaxes as my fingers find her wet slit and start to caress her. 

Irene starts to tense as an orgasm builds. This one intense her hands reach back to brace her as she starts to groan. Again I hear the crowd cheer but am too preoccupied to look up. Irene’s climax subsides and she slumps forward. As her focus returns she turns to Joan and kisses her deeply. My cock slips from Irene’s hold as she repositions myself on my leg to best face Joan. I watch the two French kiss as their hands explore their vastly different tits.

Cory’s hand wraps around my cock and we both slowly masturbate each other as we turn back to the screen. The video’s over the 1st contest for life sex act is on stage. This is amazing; a woman lie’s spread eagle on the stage as a guy eats her out. There were microphones and the sounds of their lovemaking reverberate around the arena. We watch for a while before starting to concentrate more on ourselves.

Cory’s attention is more intense and I suspect she is getting closer to orgasm. I hear another cheer followed shortly by Cory’s quick look at the screen. She hides her head behind mine and mumbles something about oh no. I look up and we are on the jumbo tron. I smile and wave as the camera focuses on my hand buried in Cory’s panties. I have a smart-ass grin on my face, which only disappears when they pan left to Irene and Joan. A large cheer erupts from the audience as the camera zooms in on Irene tonguing Joan’s nipple. The camera moves on and Cory's head pops back out from behind my shoulder.

Another couple comes out and we all settle down to watch her give him a luscious blowjob. Cory and Joan decide to go exploring while Irene and I stay back. Irene sits on my lap cross-wise, her legs over the armrest and resting on the seat Joan occupied. We are just starting into the second life sex act when Nancy and Arlene find us. 

We congratulate Nancy on her good effort in the Best Breast contest as she takes a seat. I almost do not recognize Arlene in her costume. She is in full body paint as a golden-brown dog complete with ears and a fake snout with whiskers. The paint job is complete, only the hard points of her nipples, tuft of pubic hair and outline of her labia betray her continued nudity. 

We all complement her on it when we notice the message painted in a light blue color on her chest. “Do you like it doggy-style?” Irene and Nancy are planning what to do next when the crowd erupts in cheers again. Nancy is on the big screen. Always the ham she stands ups and shakes her tits for the crowd. The cheers get louder and crest as she pushes one large mound up to her mouth and slowly licks her tongue across her nipple. They cut away as people are still cheering her show.

We exit the auditorium and start to explore the rest of the ball. Unbelievably it is already 10:30 p.m. The bondage people are truly into character. Several people are simply nude having not even bothering with a costume while others are wearing more conventional Halloween costumes. Irene, Nancy and Arlene are favorite photo opportunities and they graciously pose for several groups of people as we wander the outside promenade. Somehow, a man clad only in a wispy black g-string with a rather amazing hard black penis sheath is not as popular as the three girls are. But, I can’t blame then as I watch. Arlene is so sexy in her body paint. Nancy’s white revealing lingerie is made all the sexier by the contrast against the cold gray concrete of a major auditorium. As is Irene’s black cammy and thin black panties. Her skin is tan and body tone. All proudly displayed for all to see.

As we enter the exhibition hall we pass displays of erotic candy vendors, local swingers clubs, adult magazines and video distributors and booths offering sexual advice. Midway through one of the vendors stops the women and asks if he could take their picture for the Erotic Exotic Ball photo album. The digital photos are instantly displayed on a video monitor above his booth. 

Irene goes first and we watch a full body shot, a close ups of her nipples and ass get posted to the running archive. The next shot surprises us. Irene poses with one leg up on a chair. The angle is from below and clearly shows her vagina just barely contained behind a black strip. She emerges just in time to see it and smile before Nancy takes her turn. Similar shots appear including a tight close up of one of her breasts. Arlene goes next and is photographed down on all fours in a doggy-style position. Her body-paint costume looks wonderful

Finally we reach the adult toy store we had spotted earlier.