 Erotic Exotic Ball – The Drive Home

We grab out coats and walk out front. The women vary in their desire to display themselves. Arlene, Nancy, Cory and myself cover up. Joan and Nancy decide to walk outside in their various states of nudity. But then again, if I had tits as nice as theirs I imagine I’d be happy to flaunt them as well. To know ones surprise our driver is waiting. What surprises us is he has a limousine. He has talked a friend of his into borrowing it and meeting us. We slide into the back and relax in the luxurious leather as we start the journey home.

The limousine is organized in a “u” with opening being a center door on the right. Arlene and Irene sit near the front of the limousine. Irene takes the right side of the bench and lies down her side; her head rests on the seat in back of the front passenger seat. She pulls her legs in and starts to go to sleep. The coat keeps her covered except for one leg that is exposed high up on the hip. 

Arlene lies on the other side in a similar position. The two of them occupy the front third of the limousine. Arlene pulls her coat back and lifts her upper leg. She pulls a piece of ice out and inserts it into her hole before covering her outer labia with the ice bag. She rests her upper leg back down. The show would have been more erotic if I hadn’t thought of how sore she might be after having had those eighteen dicks in her.

The taxi driver joins us in back. His friend will drive the limousine. The taxi driver is in the center and engrossed in conversation with Nancy and Joan. Or, I should say engrossed by the 40D and 34D breasts he is talking with. They slide onto the bench opposite the door, which leaves the back seat area for Cory and myself. Irene and Arlene are already drifting off to sleep as we pull out of the Cow Palace parking lot. It’s 3:45 a.m. and the streets are basically deserted.

We agree to take the surface streets home. This will take about twenty to twenty-five minutes and let us decompress some. Or so we think. The taxi driver is respectful; he does not stare over at the naked breasts next to him or suggestive of sexual favors. I wonder if he knows how horny Nancy is? He explains his friend owned him a favor so he got him to provide the limousine for us. He was very honest and tells them he did the favor hoping to see them in their costumes again. He is pleasantly surprised to find out the costumes are even less than before. 

The women fill him in on the ball, including all of the activity in graphic detail. The parking lot exit is jammed so we have more time than we anticipated. Cory and I cuddle in the back seat just listening to the recap of the night. Nancy is kind enough to demonstrate her tit-shake for the driver as she tells him about the honor she received. Irene tries to keep her from announcing her title but to no avail.

Nancy then gets into the serious sexual escapades. The driver is speechless as Nancy graphically discusses Cory’s fellatio and how I came all over her face. He looks at us and all we can do is smile and shrug our shoulders in an “oh well” gesture. She describes the toys in detail and how we tested the dildo. The drivers amazed that I got to enter each of their vaginas tonight, and several times. 

Joan twitches uncomfortably in her seat as Nancy describes the “charity” event of the night. She recaps the experience and how many fucks each of them gave. Her and Joan raised $500 each; Irene took four guys, three in her cunt and one in her mouth, and raised $1,900. And Arlene raised a whopping $67,400. “Holy shit, I knew you were wild when I dropped you off and you kissed my cock through my pants, but…Holy shit.” The driver stammers.

“So, that’s why you came back. You thought you’d get your helmet cleaned?” Nancy chastises the driver. He stammers some excuses out. Nancy lets him dangle a while before turning his world upside down. “Do you have a unlubricated or flavored condom?”

The driver does, pulling one out from a storage area between the sheets. He can not believe his luck as Nancy kneels between his knees and starts to unbuckle his pants. Joan helps as well and they guide the driver down onto his back on the seat. Nancy unzips his fly and pulls his cock out. She strokes it and makes it harder before asking Joan to do the honors and put on the condom for him. Joan slowly unrolls the latex over his cock as Nancy pulls his pants and underwear down to his ankles.

“Your cock’s out.” Cory whispers in my ear. I new I was getting hard but didn’t realize it had poked out from the overcoat. “I’d like to play with it.” She says, her eyes focused on Nancy and Joan, her hand encircles my cock and starts to stroke up and down. 

Nancy is more into sucking cock, and she is the one going down on the driver. Joan leans over the driver; her chest positioned over the driver’s face, and offers him her tits. He greedily suckles on them.

Cory strokes me more furiously, refocusing my attention on her manipulations and away from the show just in front of me. I glance back at her and notice her jacket is wide open, her legs spread, and her other hand rapidly floating up and down in her crotch.

“Cory, you’ve been making me so horny all night.” I encourage her.

“I really need to be fucked.” Cory responds not as much talking to me as herself, “Everyone else has gotten fucked good tonight. Joan and Arlene got orgasms before we even got going. Irene had two at the ball and Arlene, Joan and Nancy got gang fucked. I need a cock bad.”

“Do you want me to fuck you?” I ask. 

“Yes, but I can’t lose control. I can’t stop…I don’t want to stop if I am getting done good.” Cory says. I encourage her to let go as I pick up her leg that is closest to me. I raise it onto the chair and she rearranges herself as I had hoped. Her back is now against the side of the seat, her legs on the bench seat and spread open. “Promise to do me good, and don’t stop?” She says as I push her shirt up. My mouth is already on her uncovered breasts as she throws the shirt aside.

Cory enjoys my play for a while before nudging my head down. Greedily I run my tongue over my stomach and over her inner thighs. I do not wait long before taking a giant slurp of the nice wet pussy lying in front of me. Cory tastes wonderful as I flick long and deep through her already open and dampened cunt. My lips surround her outer labia as I inhale her into my mouth. Her pussy is released gradually until my lips surround only her clit, which I lick aggressively.

I relax my grip on Cory’s clit and catch my breath. I glance to my right and become even more aroused. Nancy and Joan are giving the driver a treat. Nancy has his pants off and is stroking his cock in her hands. His hands are firmly planted on Joan’s mounds, her left nipple pulled tight between his lips. Nancy starts to take the driver into her warm mouth as I re-engage with Cory’s hole. 

Quickly two fingers are pounding away inside Cory’s vagina as my tongue whips over her clit. She twitches wildly on the bench seat and gets louder and louder as her orgasm builds. My cock can take no more…I need to be in her. I do my job and try to bring her to another orgasm before I move my mouth away from her and position my cock and the entrance to her hole.

I move towards one end of the bench seat and pull Cory too me, placing her ankles around my hips. She is pulled forward so her back is firmly on the seat. I push into her and feel her tight vaginal muscles close on my throbbing member. Cory is wet from all the foreplay and excitement from the evening and I quickly fill her full. She wriggles magically on the limo’s seat as I slide my cock quicker and quicker in and out of her wet hole.

Cory’s moans fill the large limousine. She wriggles wildly in front of me as I concentrate on the pleasure her tight pussy muscles are passing on to my cock. I delay my orgasm by focusing on the rest of the occupants of the car. Arlene has inserted another ice cube into her abused cunt. Irene smiles knowingly and flashes me her pussy from the far seat as she mouths “saving any for me?” 

Cory’s muscles hold me tight inside her for just a moment before she relaxes and I continue. Joan has moved onto the limo floor. The driver is pumping his cock between her tits while Nancy stands above Joan, her pussy in front of the driver. He laps at her occasionally as his cock slides between Joan’s mounds. Cory’s commotion and noise has drawn everyone’s attention back to her. I take one last look around: Arlene sits naked holding a ice press to her privates; Irene on the other side of the limo legs spread giving me a gorgeous view of her pussy; Joan crooks her neck to look backwards and watch, the driver slowly pumping his dick through her mounds; Nancy stares open mouthed, her wonderful tits resting on the drivers head.

The wet, grasping muscles and warmth of Cory’s vagina pulls me back. I pump her vigorously as she writhes on my cock. Her motion intensifies my pleasure and I pump harder and harder bringing us both to release. Cory’s voice intensifies:

“Fuck my little snatch….ooooohhhhh, Fuck…..pound my little hole!!”

I haven’t notice the car stop as I say outloud, “I’m going to cum!”

“Oh fuck, Oh fuck!” Cory continues, “Don’t cum in me…Give me your cock!”

I pull out of her. She grabs my cock in her hand and pulls me into her mouth. I deposit my first shot and feel her throat suck it down. The sucking motion drives me out of control and I unleash more cum into her waiting mouth. 

“Suck it all down!” yells Joan. “Save some more me!” Nancy teases.

As my orgasm subsides I become more aware of our surroundings. The limousine is stopped and I hear cheering outside. Nancy pokes her head through the window and reports back. We are stopped and a crowd must have gathered when they heard Cory’s screams. As the driver starts the car moving again Nancy stands back up, her upper torso out of the car. From below I see her shimmy, shaking her tits for the late night crowd. Joan quickly joins her and we depart to whistles of admiration.

I lean back against the window; my butt on the armrest as Cory joins the women in the sunroof. My eyes are drawn to Nancy’s ass jumping up and down inches from my face. My hand starts to run up and down her legs before gently cupping a breast. She does not object as my hand runs back down her thigh before brushing over her pubic mound. Her hand guides me back and I am more than happy to start stroking her pussy.

Cory’s fingers are working in and out of her pussy. While maintaining contact with Nancy I slide towards the middle of the seat and watch Cory work. Her fingers drip from her moisture as she alternates rubbing her engorged clit and pounding into her pussy. Joan’s pussy also beckons.

I reposition my hand between Nancy’s legs to stroke her pussy as my other hand starts to stimulate Joan. My two hands fully of cunt I smell Cory’s hot hole. Her moisture only inches from my nose. I slide down on the floor so my hands can maintain their pleasure and that Cory’s cunt is easily accessible to my mouth. 

As we stop at a light I hear the girls tantalizing the traffic stopped next to us. Cory teases the crowd by licking Joan’s naked tits. As we start up I slowly drag my tongue over her hole. She tenses before leaning her torso into my waiting tongue. She collapses, holding onto the window for support as I lap at her. Cory’s sounds of pleasure ring through the late night air of San Francisco through the open roof.

I concentrate on the three pussies, trying to anticipate the turns, bumps and stops of the road. It is to no avail as the bump alternate between jabbing my fingers deep into the pussy I am playing with or having Cory’s hole pushed deep into my face. But no one is complaining. I am concentrating deeply when I feel a mouth close upon my cock.

I relax and enjoy, not sure if it is Irene or Arlene. My member stiffens as an expert mouth works on my tool. We settle into a new rhythm as I sense it is Irene. I continue on until I hear Arlene speak.

“You can fuck me if you have a condom?”

“I do” replies the driver

“Aren’t you sore?” Nancy questions from above

“Yes, but why not make it an even twenty.” Laughs Arlene.

“Twenty? I thought you did eighteen at the charity fuck booth.” 

“18 their, but don’t forget I fucked him before we left. So that’s nineteen. Just let me get ready.”

I sneak a peak between Cory’s legs and get harder as I watch Arlene reach for a piece of ice. Place it in her pussy. She waits a long enough to melt the ice before placing the neck of the KY jelly bottle into her cunt and squeezing a generous gob out.

Irene is in a doggy position; her mouth over my cock as Arlene’s head disappears back between Irene’s legs. Irene moans in pleasure as her mouth descends back onto my cock. I relax in pleasure as I watch the driver kneel between Arlene’s legs and slowly insert his cock. As he starts to fuck Arlene I refocus on Cory’s pussy. Quickly, Cory’s loud encouragement and moans of pleasure is joined by Arlene’s groans, only partially muffled by Irene’s muff.

My chin is dripping from Cory’s juice and my saliva. She is bucking wildly on my mouth as the car stops again. I hear the new driver talking with some people on the sidewalk. I can’t hear the conversation but soon after the windows are lowered. I do not know who is watching but we hear cheering. What can they be thinking? Nancy and Joan are fondling each other’s lovely tits as my fingers work their cunt. Cory is writhing against the sunroof, bellowing her orgasms as I lick her. My cock is being worked by Irene’s mouth. Arlene is going down on Irene while being fucked by the driver. 

The car starts forward again. Nancy and Joan sit back down and Cory disengages from my mouth and settles down on the floor. Her eyes are glazed as she smiles at all of us. Irene has stopped working on my cock. Her body is arched in pleasure. Arlene’s hands are on her hips, burying her face into Irene’s pussy. The driver fucks Arlene more intensely. His face contorted as he approaches orgasm. His strokes become less frequent and then stop. He pulls out slowly, the condom full of fresh jiz.

The car pulls to a stop. We are back at Irene’s apartment. Nancy, Irene and Arlene start to gather their stuff. As they do Irene and Arlene notice an envelope was included with Arlene’s coat. They help Cory up and open the car to get out. The original driver starts to pull on his pants, thanking Arlene and everyone for the show and fuck. Joan thanks the other driver, who looks disappointed. When asked what is wrong no one is surprised when he bemoans how horny he is from the show.

Nancy, Irene, Arlene and Cory say sorry, just too tired as they get out. Their naked assess the last thing we see as they enter the door and disappear up the stairs. I check the limo for anything we left behind when I notice Joan eyeing the alternate driver. “Do you have another condom?” She asks. They do and she pauses to think.

“Can you get me hot?” She asks me. I look confused and she clarifies. She’s still horny and was going to ask for a fuck before bed. So, if I could get her wet she’d be willing to suck or fuck the driver. She would prefer to fuck him while sucking me. I oblige and lick her pussy for the next several minutes. The night is late and nobody is around. The car door stays open and we all get quick chill. Her nipples are tight as I suckle them, slowly positioning my cock over her cunt and inserting. I instruct the new driver to get his cock ready and the condom on as I feel Joan’s pussy open up. I slide in deeply and fully, feeling her get hot and lost in the fuck when I pull out.

I quickly move up and slide my cock into her mouth as the driver plunges into her. He fucks her with the desire he built up on the drive. Her mouth strokes up and down my shaft as her other hole is pounded. The driver does not last long. Joan is not done and as I pull my cock out she whispers for me to keep fucking her.

I replace the spent cock and pound into her hole. My finger rubs her clit and brings her over the top. Not yet done she twists and turns on the floor, her tits bouncing to my pounding motion and her own gyration. The two drivers descend on her tits as I continue. Her hands on their cock, stroking as I concentrate on giving her a good hard fuck. After all I’d been through I last for an inordinately long time but eventually her pussy gets the best of me.

I let everyone know as I pull out and deposit semen on Joan’s stomach and breasts. “That did it!” Joan pants, out of breath from the last fifteen minutes of sex. We wave goodbye and run to Irene’s door and up the stairs.