 "You're up!" Nancy shouts as we enter the living room.

"Of course, with that racket going on up stairs." Joan comments 

"Wow! Is that a just fucked look or what." Arlene adds. "Sounded like it was pretty good. By the looks of Nancy she got a good fucking!"

"That's what you wanted wasn't it?" Irene chimes in. "You guys were gone for 45 minutes and it sounded like Nance was over the top at least half the time."

"45 minutes?" Nancy questions, "That long?"

The other ladies laugh, Nancy is still out of breath and seems slightly lost. I reorient myself to the darkness of the room. Everybody seems awake and in various state of activity. Joan and Arlene are dressed and sitting on the couch. I find room on the end next to Arlene and sit down…now more aware of being naked more than before. Nancy sits on the floor near Irene who is also still naked and stretched out on the blanket. Cory walks into the room from the kitchen. She has her shirt on but nothing on below. She takes a seat and places a bag over her privates.

"What's that?" I ask. Cory blushes.

"She's a little sore." Joan chimes in. 

"From what?" question Nancy and Irene?

"From diddling herself all night with her fingers and the dildos." Joan concludes.

Cory blushes harder, "I need a while to wind down if I get to excited. Guess I got carried away."

Joan starts to get her stuff together to leave. She goes through the envelopes from the ball, finding the ones for each of them. "We never really looked at these. Wonder what's in them." Irene states. Joan plays the good host and distributes the various packages to each of the women.

Irene opens hers first and pulls out the items one by one. "I got a couple of certificates." She says, pulling each one out and showing the group as she reads off the inscriptions. "This one is a certificate of thanks from the charity. I guess one is for more decent company, simply saying thanks for the donation. The other side says thanks for the donation of four fucks in a row. This next one is an award certificate. Says it is to me for Best Live Sex Act of the Exotic Erotic Ball. Guess I could put these up over the bed?" she laughs. 

She empties the rest of the contents; "This is a free pass for me and a guest to next years ball." She pauses, "and this one appears to be an invitation to a gang bang club?" We all inquire for details but Irene deflects the topic by asking Joan what she has in her packet.

Joan opens hers up and goes through the contents; "I got a certificate from the charity as well. But mine is only for taking two guys. Got a pass for next years ball and the check for $500 for the picture they took of me. And this is the contract for a future photo shoot. $1,000 for stills and $5 to $10,000 for pictures involving sexual penetration." She looks my way, "Game to make some money?"

"You thinking about doing it?" Nancy asks. Joan says she's thinking about. 

Nancy goes next. "This is my charity certificate, also for two guys. And this one is for 'Finalist – Best Breasts of the Exotic Erotic Ball. I think I am going to put that one in my bedroom. Let the boys know they better perform like a champion to keep these tits happy. Also got a pass to next years ball and this contract. Can't believe Joan gets thousands for a photo shoot of her fucking by I only got offered a thousand to have sex on film!" 

Cory adjusts the ice on her crotch before asking, "Are you thinking about doing it?" 

"I might?" Nancy replies, "I'm kind of scared about who they are. Think I'd want some friends around for support. But…I've always thought it would be erotic to have someone taping you doing naughty things. Kinds of sexy thinking other people want to watch and having somebody directing you. Just seems erotic thinking of getting prepared for the shoot, seeing what they ask you to do and figuring out how far you'd go and then having everything build for the moment. All the film crew set up, guy ready to go and everyone waiting for you to show up and fuck for them. Just seems erotic, probably not what it's like, but maybe worth a try."

Nancy asks what the others think. Arlene and Irene say they couldn't do it. Sex in public yea but not on tape. Joan is not sure and Cory stays very quite. The group throws around the idea of making our own tape as a joke. Arlene is the last one left with a package. 

"I got…A certificate from the charity and a special commendation. It says for performance beyond the call of duty…pleasing eighteen men with nary a whimper but many moans. Got a free pass for two to next year's ball. Have a complimentary stay at Edgewater West in Oakland, a discount certificate for sexual aids at several local stores and…looks like airfare and a pass to the initial Erotic Exotic Ball in New York. Says if I agree to participate in another charity booth to seed the activity they'll pay for the trip. And, looks like I also have a free paid trip to Hedonism II in Jamaica. Looks like they want a party girl!"

"And, I got an invitation to the gang bang club as well." Arlene says as she skims the last brochure. People inquire more and Irene starts to read hers out loud. "You've been invited to be a member of the gang bang club. We are an organization that facilitates the desires of women and men to realize their multiple partner sex fantasies. Participation will be kept anonymous and is totally voluntary. You are under no obligation by accepting. We arrange everything for you and aim to match the appropriate groups to fulfill as many fantasies as possible. Among the sessions we have coordinated are 'trains' for women that want to take as many men as possible, double and triple penetration fantasies (oral, vaginal and/or anal sex), double or triple pussy stuffs (two or three cocks at once), blow job 'trains' and cum bathes." Irene stops and looks around the room. People are quite, "Is there more?" Cory asks.

"Yes, " Arlene continues, "let me read on…If you are interested here is how we work. You have been invited by a member - Please reference the number at the bottom of this certificate when calling for verification and to register. You will be asked several personal questions about prior experience. This is used to start you with a fantasy we think you can handle. In general, you will be asked for which types of activities you will consider – oral sex, masturbation, vaginal sex and anal sex. Maximum number of partners and penetrations you are willing to consider. In addition, you will be asked whether or not you would participate in bi-sexual activities, either with multiple male same sex acts or female same sex acts and whether or not you are interested in female contact." Arlene pauses and the room is silent. 

Irene continues, "You have been handed the female invitation. As a female your comfort and fulfillment is key to keeping our club active. You can stop all activity anytime you want and we will have non-participating club members present as security. We understand how important female participation is and do not tolerate misbehavior of our male guests. As a female you have special privileges. First and foremost there is not cost associated with your participation. We go beyond no membership fees. Since we are a national organization our activities may take place away from your home area. The club will pick up first class airfare and hotel accommodation from your home for any session you participate in…both those you initiate and those you volunteer to participate in."

Nancy grabs the pamphlet, "Is this serious?" 

"What a way to get a free vacation!" Cory comments.

"Cory, I couldn't read your intonation, would you consider this?" Nancy questions back.

"Maybe." Chimes in Irene, "This gets interesting, should I continue?" Deflecting the pressure from Cory.

She gets a resounding yes and proceeds. "If you have gotten this far let me continue. All male members must pay to join this club. You may not know which member invited you to join as we encourage anonymity. We explain the male side first to let you know the quality of our membership. The initiation fee is $100,000. This entitles the members to one event a year. In addition, to have a special session they must pay an additional $25,000. And, if they wish to participate in more than one session per year each additional session is $50,000. The only exception to this is the men you invite. You will be allowed to bring one invited participant for each session. We want you to be comfortable and recognize you may have a need for a personnel friend to attend with you. You can choose when and how they participate."

"This is interesting?" Joan says. The girls look at her, not disapprovingly but for conversation. "Sounds like a very special club. And, I don't know if I could do it but thinking about it can get me wet." 

Arlene jumps in, "I know. Here is some more. All members are allowed to submit their desired gang bang for fulfillment. As a female you can be assured there will be male members to complete your fantasy. This includes race, penis size, etc. To encourage you to participate frequently we offer you $25,000 for the submittal and completion of your desired evening. As an added bonus, we will contact you throughout the year to see if you are interested in participating in one of our other member's plans. You will be contacted based upon the desires you listed in your first call and any updates you have provided. You can expect at least four opportunities a year." 

"$25,000? To get a fucking you suggest?" Nancy questions.

"It gets better!" Irene interjects. At this point, Cory and Joan are reading over Irene's shoulder and Nancy and I over Arlene's. "The minimum participant fee you will receive for another's suggestion is $10,000. Additional bonuses are paid. The following are some examples of female member bonuses we are paying this year. The minimum assumes five participants either orally or vaginally. For each participant over five, which includes repeat penetrations by the same individual, you will earn a $10,000 bonus. In other words, pleasure ten men over the night and your bonus is $100,000. For each oral stimulation of another woman a $1,500 bonus. Each act of anal sex $5,000. As you can see, the fees add up quickly. One last item to mention, all men are screened for HIV and sexually transmitted diseases. Nonetheless, unless specifically agreed to all acts involve the use of condoms. If you agree to 'bareback' sex you can earn up to $500 for each deposit of semen on your body, $2,500 for each swallow of semen and or ejaculation within your vagina and $5,000 for ejaculation in the rectum. I need to catch my breath!" Irene comments, setting the pamphlet down. Arlene finishes the reading that reemphasizes the type of male involved, ability to live out fantasy and ability to bring a trusted friend.

The room is quite until Joan asks Arlene what it is like to get gang banged. "You did two guys, right? But you already got fucked once before and got fucked long and hard when we got back. Why did you feel like fucking after that long and draining of an evening?" Arlene questions back.

"Seemed the more I got the more I wanted it. The first round was stimulating and satisfying. Being on display for all those people got another kind of juice flowing. Even after the two guys doing it I wanted more. Downstairs I felt like I could have taken more…. I just wanted cock. I kind of lost control...but on the other hand enjoyed it."

"But why did you feel OK losing control?"

"In front of all of you was the hardest. I just concentrated on the licking I was getting and the feeling of sex. At the ball I guess the controlled environment helped. I could lose control but others were watching out for me. Downstairs was the same…I could get fucked but I knew he'd look out for me."

"But aren't you sore?" Cory asks Arlene.

"Yes, but in not so bad a way. I don't feel like sex today and it will probably feel sore for a week but I have a deep down, almost internal pussy satisfaction I can't describe."

"I think I know what you mean." Joan chimes in. "I could have taken more last night but more for this internal desire than real need. I'm kind of sore but really like it."

"What about you guys?" Joan asks Nancy and Irene. "Nance, you got fucked on the table with me and Irene, you took three and put on a show." They both agreed with Joan's observations. Security and control became a key topic.

"OK, how many of you fantasize about just being taken by a man or being a fuck toy. It's supposed to be a common female fantasy. You can't live it out…except last night we found a way. Last year was the first time I did the table. Thought I'd branch out this year. Losing control like that is a fantasy…as is public sex. Seems like last night fulfilled a lot of it." Arlene analyzes.

"I can see your point" Irene chimes in. I don't think I fully lost control but having an excuse to be wanton and fuck a random stranger really turned me on. Having all those people watch helped as well. I'd do it again."

"I just don't think I can lose control like that." Cory states, drawn into the conversation.

"Lose control, you were a wild woman in the limo!" Arlene howls back, laughing. Cory looks embarrassed. "No honey, not in a bad way. Wasn't that good? You seemed to really enjoy yourself, you made us even hornier and gave a good show!"

"Oh my God! People were watching weren't they! I kind of hazed out and couldn't remember"

"What embarrasses you about that?" Joan asks Cory.

"Everyone seeing me out of control!" Cory states, almost crying.

"Why did that bother you. We enjoyed it because of how it made us feel." Joan continues.

"I guess because I don't know how to get control back if I have to." Cory continues.

"But, did you feel exposed last night?" Arlene asks, starting to laugh at her choice of words, "I don't mean exposed like naked, but vulnerable."

"Not really vulnerable, I guess I knew I was OK with everyone around. Just vulnerable like letting all my feeling take over. I don't know how out of control I could have gotten." Cory concludes.

"Cory, did you enjoy yourself?" Arlene asks. Cory answers affirmatively. "When we got back what did you want." 

"I wanted to continue fucking. I wanted a cock in my mouth and I wanted more cum. That's what I was thinking about all night." Cory confesses, her true feeling blurting out of her..

"Then why not take the opportunity to get it?" Irene asks. "Why not?" Cory whispers back.

"So, can we count you in next year? It's really fun." Arlene asks Cory. Cory's not sure.

"What do you guys think about the gang bang club?" Nancy asks. 

"I'll admit, I'm intrigued." Starts Joan, "More from the fantasy of it than reality, but its something I'll think about for a while." Everyone nods in agreement except Cory. She does not disagree but looks troubled by the question. Arlene prods Cory for her thoughts.

"I guess I'd like to. The thoughts really turn me on. But I just keep worrying about loosing control, regretting what I did."

"OK, let's try another tact." Arlene begins, "What about last night do you regret?"

Irene goes first, "Not much. Probably getting on the video screen. Wasn't really ready to be taped." Arlene prods her for more detail. "Really not being video taped, just not knowing about it. That's my real regret."

"What would you have done differently?" Arlene asks.

Irene smiles, "Probably tried to put on a better show. More long sexy looks!" She giggles as she completes her thought, "That's the real truth."

Joan goes next, "The only thing I regret we talked about already. I had a desire to stay on that table and enjoy as many cocks as possible. When I first went down I wasn't sure about one and convinced myself maybe two. I really wish I'd done four, five…ten?"

Nancy, "I'll go next. Really the same regret as Joan's. Funny, when the night started I thought doing the best breast contest was a risk. Just being topless for that large of a crowd seemed like a big risk. Tantalizing but not sure I could do it. Never would have thought a couple of hours later I'd be totally naked in front of a bunch of strangers getting 'fucked'. Or that my biggest regret would be not enjoying it more and waiting for a better cock to get me off."

The girls ask me to go next. I explain my regrets at being a male. First, I can not be the center of attention like they are. Second, I wish I had pushed for more pleasures, like a long hard blowjob or asked for a couple of women to do me. I get no sympathy. Cory is asked to go next.

She hesitates, weighing what to say. The group gives her encouragement and support. Cory starts to speak up. "I'm stuck between two really different regrets. One is I am embarrassed by a couple of the things I did. Mostly, being so aggressive in swallowing his cum when we were playing with the toys. I really like cum…but I must have seemed like a freak. And letting go in the car. I don't know what you guys think of me." Cory pauses and looks around. The group lets her know they think nothing bad about her, letting her know how much some of her letting go got them turned on to let go. She directly asks my opinion about fucking her from a guy's perspective.

"I like it a lot!" I respond. "Seeing you lose control like that, especially when I might have something to do with it, makes it so much more erotic and exciting. It really made me want to keep pleasing you and keep doing you harder and harder."

"You didn't mind the noise, or the thrashing around?"

"No, the noise just added to it. I was so turned on by how your were reacting and even jealous at how lost you seemed to be in the sex. The thrashing around was great. More motion and enthusiasm was great. It made me feel like I could real feel OK getting down and dirty. I hope it's what you wanted…but it really made me want to pound you good."

"It's what I wanted." Smirks Cory.

"What was the other thing you regret?" Nancy asks.

"Not joining in at the charity booth. I really wanted to but just couldn't do it. I thought I might pass out or lose control. I got so hot and wet watching Nance and Joan fucking. A couple of times I almost got up the nerve to go down. The thought of being anonymous, naked and spread open for every cock that wanted me still makes me tinkle inside. I should have done it."

"If you would have and screamed like you did the whole place would have come apart!" Arlene adds. "So, are you game for New York or next year's ball?"

" Right now I have the courage for it…I'll have to see later. I'll definitely go to the ball again…and I hope I can do it. Wonder if they'd let me do some blowjobs? Tasting some spooge while getting fucked would be a really cool thing!"

"All right! Sounds like Cory is in next time." Arlene concludes.

"So, what do you think about the gang bang club?" Nancy asks again. 

"I don't know?" Cory speaks out. "Sounds like fun…but what would you do? I'm just not sure I could do it."

"What do the rest of you think?" Arlene asks. Mumbled whispers come back talking about the trepidation and fear of going through with it. "Please ladies! We just went over last night and the only regret was not doing something. Not fucking more guys. Not putting on more of a sex show. Not getting your brains fucked out. And we all just went over how we weren't sure we were going to do what we did…but once we did it all we regretted was not doing more."

"Ok, Ok, I get your point." Cory continues. "But, you didn't go. Do you regret anything about last night?"

"Not really. I wasn't sure I could do the gangbang but I did. The only thing I thought about trying was sex with a woman. Cory, you helped get that going. I was thinking about it before the night started…but on the way home you got me so excited watching you go at it. When Irene got down doggy-style to suck him off I was so horny I got up the nerve to lick her pussy. I never had done that before. And like all of us, I am glad I did."
