 As the story continues, Ed survived his first threesome with Carol and Tara. He was surprised that it went so well. He had moved from a large metropolis to another megacity but he had never had sexual adventures like this. However, this was only the beginning of his journey down the more physical side of the job. 

For weeks, Ed has been preparing the ladies foil team (one of the three weapons in fencing) for a local tournament. He saw a movie called The Fencing Master, a tale about this fencing coach hiding from the law in this private girls school. The fencing coach almost ends up in bed with one of his students. Ed thought he would be one of those coaches. The foil team was made up of Tara, Carol and Kay, a petite Asian. Kay was 5'2", long hair, brown eyes and quite physically attractive. She seemed to have guys following her into the club all the time; although she seemed to care very little for the flavour of the week.

A women's only tournament was coming up. Thank goodness, there was enough coaches in the club so he could go. Tara, Carol and Kay had the most tournament experience so they had to go. They ages ranged from 25 to 27, here he was only 34. Ed thought this would be hard to fight his temptation to be with the other two and now they have a third party.

He picked up the ladies and got to the hotel in record time. They went for an early dinner. Ed talked to Kay a bit more and discovered he heard how good the club was and wanted to join. He was happy with that compliment because at one point in time they were struggling to get members. Now the club was almost fifty-fifty women to men almost unheard of among the other sports in the region. Ed decided to cut of dinner early and chill out in his room. Between the short skirts and the sexual innuendoes among them, he had to get some air. The ladies decided to go to the bar for a couple of drinks.

Ed began checking the weapons for the tournament to make sure they worked. It was getting late. He decided he better check on the ladies to make sure they back on time. He was wearing only shorts and fencing t-shirt. He rapped on the door. He heard giggles. There was a long pause before he got a response. 

The door opened with Tara in her tank top and panties; Kay in a long t-shirt and Carol in a lacy bra and panties. "Sorry did not mean to interrupt! I was making sure you guys got back alright…" as he saw the stunning beauties before him. "We are fine. Come in!" said Tara and took him by the hand. Carol took his other hand as they escorted him to the bed. 

"We told Kay all about you." Tara explained. 

"Yeah, we wanted to show her you were not only a good coach and cool in bed." Carol smiled while caressing his arm. 

"Lay back Ed and let's us take care of you for once. You are such a wonderful coach to us." Tara smiled devilishly and laid him down on the bed. Carol saw the bulge in his pants already. Kay stood off to the side and not sure what to do. 

Ed's head lay back on the pillow as Carol and Tara kissed each other while rubbing his chest. They then kissed Ed each on the lips. They continued with their soft kisses down to his chest. They moved his t-shirt up slowly and teased his belly button. "It's ok Kay, we know you are curious." Carol said. 

"I am a little shy, guys, you continue." Kay said still hiding in the shadows; however her hardening nipples could be seen through her shirt as Ed observed. 

Carol and Tara nodded their heads and peeled off Ed's shorts. They licked up and down his shaft one at time through the briefs. His hard eight inches protruding through them. He moaned with much pleasure. Inch by inch they took off his briefs until it hit the floor. Tara took the first lick of the free hard member. "It tasted so good." As she grinned widely. "I want to taste" as Tara swung his cock into her mouth. Carol sucked on it hard and fast till Ed was almost ready to cum. He could felt the cum going up his shaft. Both girls looked over at Kay and asked her if she wanted to lick or suck his stiff cock. Hesitantly, she joined the others.

Kay kneeled in between Tara and Carol. Tara went first then Carol licking his cock and head; finally Kay with her small lips kisses the head. Ed was amazed how gentle she was. Kay sucked all the way down his shaft. He moaned and shocked she got the whole length into her mouth. Carol and Tara took a hand each and massaged his staff. Ed caressed Kay's hair as she worked his cock. He yelled out he was cumming, Kay felt Tara pulling her back from the brink as they shared his sweet juices spurting out of his cock. Each took turns lapping it up. Ed came again. 

They all decided to strip off their clothes and joined Ed on the comfy bed. Carol straddled his face; Tara eased his cock into her pussy slowly and leaned forward to suck on Kay's 34d tits. It was a sexual train ride as Ed sucked Carol's pussy hard while Tara went up and down on his cock and fingering Kay's shaved pussy. Carol kissed Tara's back occasionally using her hands and squeezing Taras' tits. Carol was almost screaming as Ed tongue fucked her. She came soon followed by Tara and Kay. 

Ed took a break for moment and kissed Kay. Then they all got into a four-way kiss and lick. Kay decided to ride him. She barely got his huge cock into her small pussy. The other two went into 69. Tara licked her friends pussy hard.

Ed leaned up and sucked on her luscious nipples and encouraging her. She moaned and went faster. His cock shaking her pussy walls until she fell onto his chest. He kissed her and she loved it. The other two came soon after that. They all took a turn riding his hard cock. Finally, they took a breather, Ed was had another one of his other fantasies ful-filled, an inter-racial moresome.

"Kay is bi as well coach, we thought to surprise you." Exclaimed Carol while she caressed his sides. Tara got on the other side "Yes, we have been planning this one for a while now." Ed was really surprised. Kay nuzzled herself against his pelvis. 

"You mean all those new girls in the club are friends of yours." Ed looked Tara in astonishment. 

"Well they are friends of all of us. They are either bi, lesbians and bi-curious. You know we like to share." Carol laughed. They held each other closely.