 Our sex life was spiced up after I started to wear clothes for Arun. We talked about me flirting with Arun and my husband used to get instant hard on! The idea of me getting fucked by Arun was now deep-rooted in my husbands mind and that made him fuck me with newfound lust. So we both were looking forward to meet Arun intimately. My husband one evening came to pick me up from work. He came in my office and I introduced him to my boss, Arun. We all chatted, specially my husband and Arun . Arun told my husband that I was very efficient in my work. He also asked him about his opinion on thedress code he had suggested. My husband told him that he too liked me wearing such revealing clothes and proceeded to tell him, “ sir! She has a nice body and she looks beautiful in such type of dresses. The high heels you bought her makes her walk nicely, seductively I mean.” As he was talking to Arun , Arun came near me and started to caress my ass in front of my husband. I was at first shocked about this but noticed that my husband did not object this but was enjoying it. His palm pressed into my ass cheeks and I felt him over my chudidar.

Arun , noticing that my husband did not mind, really got into it and started to rub my ass hard and even run his fingers through the crack of my ass. This sent a shiver through me and I was close to orgasm. My husband watched this with great interest and I could see his bulge growing. Arun then started to finger my ass hole through my clothes and I came with a soft moan. My husband smiled at Arun and continued to talk to him. As I came with excitement I lost my balance and fell against Arun ’s shoulders. He caught me and took me in his arms pressing his chest over my boobs. I started rubbing my large tits against his chest and smilingly looked at my husband. All the time the two men continued their conversation, as if nothing had happened. I just heard my husband invite Arun home for dinner Saturday night. When we reached home, my husband tore off my clothes, and fucked me hard on the front room carpet. His lund felt very big and hard in my tight choot that I came many times.

My husband seemed to be very turned on and kept pounding my choot and biting my neck and tits leaving large bite marks. He called me names like slut, Randi, bitch etc. which I enjoyed and asked him to fuck me harder as a whore should be. Finally my husband came, and he let his come spurt on my tits and face and I enjoyed the feel of cum on me. He then rubbed all the gooey come over my tits and face and then kissed me lovingly. For Saturday, my husband gave the instructions. In the evening after I had arranged the food and come out of the bathroom after my bath, I found that my husband had laid out my clothes for me. Looking at them made me wet. It was Green sari blouse with a very deep neckline. At the back there were only strings to fasten it. It was to be worn without a bra. As per my husband instruction I wore a light yellow color sari tied well below my navel. I also wore the silver payals Arun had presented me on my ankles. I put on bangles, nose ring (Nathani) and 4 rings in each ear. On my feet were high-heeled sandals. And lastly I put on my mangalsutra that hung deep in the valley of my boobs. The bite marks on my neck and tits and bruises on my back from the rough carpet were clearly visible.

MY husband caressed my naval and told me that I looked real sexy. I opened the door when Arun came, and he was stunned at my sexy looks. He took me in his arms and kissed my deep red lips and at the same time kneaded my tight ass. It felt good to be in his arms and being roughly kissed. I rubbed my heavy tits on his chest and felt his prick against me. When we parted, I noticed my husband was watching all this. During the evening, as I served the snacks, Arun and my husband kept openly fondling me and kissing me. I had to redo my smudged lipstick many times. Arun gave us the news that he would be soon leaving the company to set up his own consultancy and told me that I could join him in his new job. I was excited that I gave him a hug and he kissed me on the lips and kneaded my ass. I rubbed my choot against his large lund. At the same time my husband hugged me from the back, kneading my tits and biting my back and rubbing his prick against my ass . This felt too good to have two men caressing my body at the same time. I was overjoyed and I fell on my knees and with each hand unzipped the pants of my husband and Arun. I fished out both the cocks and were they hard? They were throbbing! Arun’s lund was larger than my husband’s. It was longer and thicker and I had difficulty in taking in the whole thing in my mouth. Arun caught my hair and pushed his lund deep inside my mouth while my husband rubbed his lund over my nose and ears. Friends! This was a great feeling each woman should experience. Like a good slut I sucked Arun ’s lund and he came in my mouth.

My husband too came on my face and some of his come fell on my chin and boobs. Arun watched me pushing his lund out of his mouth and asked me to clean it off. I looked at my husband and he signaled me to do it and he caught his own lund and offered me to clean it too. As I licked both the lunds, they rubbed against each other and I felt my husband getting excited. I caught both the cocks in one fist and rubbed them together. After all both were my men and I had to treat them equally. After I cleaned them, Arun carried me to my marriage bed. I asked my husband to remove my clothes as Arun watched. My husband gladly removed my sari and exposed my blouse-clad boobs. He put his hand on my breasts and told Arun, “ Arun my wife is yours to fuck as much as you want. Her boobs are nice, big but firm. See how big they are. Here let me expose them for you.” And with that, my hubby proceeded to remove my blouse and soon my breasts were naked. Arun looked at the twin globes and was very much happy. He removed his shirt and started to undress too.

Arun told my husband to keep my jewelry and high heels on. I wondered what was that. He told us that he loved women naked with just the jewelry and high heels. That was his fetish. My husband then rremoved my petticoat and panties asking me to part my legs and show Arun my well shaved choot. Arun had removed his clothes and was naked. He rubbed his lund in his hand looking at me and admiring my body. My mangalsutra was dangling on my breasts and the high heels on my feet looked nice.

My husband then undressed too and asked Arun to enjoy the charms of my body. Arun ’s lund was leaking precome and his knob was swollen. He caught me and kissed me on my lips as my husband squatted beside me and watched. Arun made me lie on my knees, doggy style, and kept his lund at the choot hole. With one push he was all inside my choot and banging away like a mad. “ Ahhhh! Your wife has nice choot Madan! She is tight! Ohhhhh watch me fuck this Randi of yours. Ohhh see how that mangalsutra is dangling from her neck. She is a slut, fucking her boss with the mangalsutra on. And you like to watch. So watch me!” Arun fucked me hard and signaled my husband to give his small lund in my mouth. He hurriedly pushed his lund in my mouth and I swallowed it easily. They both fucked me hard and I came over Arun ’s lund. As my husband saw me coming he too ejaculated his seed in my mouth. I swallowed it and gulped it down my throat. Arun gave a final thrust and lay still on my back. I felt his come spill in my womb. It was nice to feel both the lunds coming! I was in heaven!

After we all came, Arun asked my husband to clean my choot of his come. He hesitated first but then when I insisted he put his mouth to my choot and slurped away all the Dc’s come from it and kissed me. I too tasted his come from my husband’s mouth and we lay for few moments satisfied. Then they both fucked me together, my husbands smaller prick in my ass, and Arun s larger and longer prick in my choot. Exhausted we slept and then I woke up both the men, with sucking their pricks and then they both fucked me together with Arun in my ass and husband in my choot. Arun s large prick hurt my ass at first, but later I begged him to fuck my ass harder. It felt real good. Finally I jacked off both the men and they both came on my face and tits. Arun left the company and I joined him in his new office. There were just two of us and we could be much more free and in my next will tell you of the new dress code and office responsibilities. 

So that’s how Arun fucked me in my husbands presence. My husband loved it and just the thought of that makes him hard again, Arun opened his own consultancy and so also a new office. The office was big with a separate cabin for Arun and a small cabin for me and one big room in which he was planning to make the general office. Arun was very happy with my work and charms too. He told me the new dress code i.e. to wear my sari very well below my naval and to wear blouse with deep cut in front and back. As usual it was to be tied tightly around the ass and to put on all my jewelry and mangalsutra. He also told me to put darkish lipstick so that I looked sexier. He explained me that my job was to keep his customers happy to be nice with them.

I asked what he meant by be nice, he said that he expected me to welcome them when they come, serve coffee or tea. Since we had to attract business he wanted me to be sexy and flirty. My husband had no objection for this and was even more excited when I told him about this. He said,“ Ohh to meri bibi abb customers ko bhi khush kareengi! Oohh tub to usko unse chudwana bhi padega. Ohh Sali pakki Randi ho gayee hai. Chalo theek hai.” And we had nice fucking sessions. Working with Arun was very exciting. Every morning he had me model my clothes for him. I used to walk with my paloo falling down from my shoulders and with swings of my ass. Sometimes when nobody was around I used to unbutton few buttons of my blouse and show him my fleshy cleavage.

After which he either fucked me or I sucked him when he sat on his office chair. The day used to pass with me showing off my spilling out tits and wriggling my ass. When customers came I bent over to show off my tits and let my paloo drop so that they could see my cleavage. Telling all this to my husband used to get him in a strong fucking mood. He used to fuck me and call me names like whore, slut and office slut etc. I did not mind and used to enjoy it. All this fucking was making me hot and I was exposing my body to strangers like the courier delivery boy and the office cleaner. Once when Arun was away out of town, I let the courier boy fuck my ass. He was crude and abused me. Called me names like Randi and pounded my ass hole. He even slapped my ass as he fucked me and I enjoyed it. After that whenever he came for a delivery or pick up he used to put his hands inside my blouse and twist and pinch my nipples and demand that I suck him. When Arun was not there, I gave him a good sucking job.

One day he came and asked if Boss was in and as I said no that Dc had gone out he pinched my tits and demanded that I suck him As it was very hot that day the boy was all sweaty and as I knelt and unzipped him I could smell his sweat and piss from his underwear. Noticing that I was hesitating to suck him, he twisted my hair and shoved his prick into my mouth. Not wanting to get hurt, I sucked him and soon found that I liked the smell of sweat and his dried piss. I soon took him deep and his hair was around my nose and he came quickly. He kept calling me a Randi and things like that and I did not mind and in fact seemed to enjoy it. He zipped up and twisted and pinched my nipples hard and left with me kneeling on the floor with cum in my mouth. This was getting good and dirty and I wanted more.

In the morning I told my husband that I was going to buy some saris and have a few blouses stitched. He told me to buy some transparent chiffon saris and have some semi transparent cholis stitched. He then gave me a description of the cholis and I told him that with something that low my tits might just fall out. He said no matter and gave me some money to do the purchases. He said that Arun had instructed him and had given him the money too. As I went to the tailors shop , I was wet with anticipation . The tailor was not there, only his assistant was present.

I told him that I wanted to stitch a choli and he took me inside to the measuring room. I described him the style, with only three hooks in the front and sleeveless. At his request I dropped my paloo and he kept staring at my tits and its cleavage. As he took my measurements he took advantage and purposefully rubbed my back and from the front he squeezed my tits showing it to be accidental. I let him take advantage and soon his prick was making a large tent in his pyjamas. He rubbed his prick against my ass and I could not take it any longer. As he moved in front of me, I took hold of his prick and rubbed it. He groaned and I knelt and undid his pyjama nada.

As his pyjamas fell I noted that his pyjamas were not very clean. As his prick came to view , I noticed that he seemed not to have recently had a bath and the smell of piss was very clear. I remembered the courier boy and I took it into my mouth. As I sucked I realised that that I enjoyed sucking pricks which were dirty and this realization made me suck harder. The smell of sweat and piss was hitting my nose and I was enjoying it. I reached behind and squeezed his bum and fingered his ass hole and as he fucked my mouth hard , I felt his prick hit the back of my throat and he came in my mouth. 

He came in large quantities and some of it spilled out of my mouth and fell on my tits. I wiped my mouth and tits with his dirty pyjamas and the smell of it was making me horny. The boy was spent and he sat down. Then he got up sleepishly and put on his pyajama. I adjusted my clothes and then collected the receipt and left after giving the boy a good-bye kiss. My next stop was at the sari shop. I had known this man for some years . As I entered the shop , I found him all worried . On asking I found that he had a big customer , a sethji from out of town , and the sales girl was not in the shop. This had made the sethji upset , and the shopkeeper was going to loose some good business. The shopkeeper begged me to help him and finally said that he would give me a saree free if I helped him. I asked him what I had to do , and he replied that I had to show him the sarees and if he requests, to model a few by putting it on my shoulders. I agreed and he took me to show room at the back. The sethji was sitting on a sofa , and in front of him was large low height table full of very costly sarees.

The room was well lighted and had mirrors on all sides. The sethji was a old man of around 60 years. He was wearing a white kurta and dhoti and and his mouth was stained with paan. The shopkeeper and I sat down on the low table and started to show him the sarees. I observed that the sethji was more interested in me than the sarees. Noticing this the shopkeeper asked me to show the sarees. As I was showing him the saris I noticed that he was also looking at my breasts that peeked through my low cut blouse. ‘The Dirty old man’ I thought and moved my paloo a bit away from my breasts so that he could see more of my tits. The sethji then asked me to drape the sari on my shoulder to see how it looked. I knelt, dropped my pallo and put the sari on my shoulder. The sethji kept on staring at my flat stomach, deep navel and cleavage. I was getting more excited at showing off and thought about the hard fucking my husband would give me when I told him of this.

I tugged my sari lower and it was very very low now and my whole flat stomach was exposed. The sethji was getting excited and called the shopkeeper aside and whispered something to him. I understood that it was about me. The shopkeeper then told me that the sethji wanted to be left alone with me and if it was ok. He also told me that the shetji would give me nice present if I satisfied him. I felt like a whore and was excited by the feeling. I agreed and the shopkeeper left the room. After showing him some more saris he made me sit next to him. And every now and then touched my body and as I did not object took more liberties and kissed me with his paan stained mouth on my lips. First I felt disgusted and humiliated with all the paan smell but this humiliation made my choot flow. Then I enjoyed it and kissed him back. He took my hand and put it inside his dhoti and made me fondle his prick. His lund was small, may be 4 inches but it was hard as steel.

We kept kissing and I then moved down to suck him. The sethji took hold of my mangalsutra and wrapped it round his prick and made me suck his cock along with the mangalsutra. This was real dirty, an insult to my husband but I kept sucking and he came in my mouth and all this time the sethji was moaning and enjoying it. As he took out the mangalsutra covered prick from my mouth, there was some come sticking on the Gold. The come fell into my cleavage and it felt wet and sticky. The sethji than choose many costly saris and left. The shopkeeper was very thankful and gave me the saris I needed, free. 

I always was in search for nice fucking and was very alert at the signals males use to throw at me. It was my luck I caught the right signal and my life and more correctly my sex life changed. There was one 40-yr. old person who was working as production manager in my office, having nice athletic body and slim body, no belly and nice sexy brown eyes, I will call him as Sanjay. He was married but living separately from his wife and was working somewhere in Mahim. He used to look at my figure with penetrating eyes and I got the signal that this bloody fellow wants to fuck me. I started to smile at him and out meetings changed into long chats. I came to know all about him and his interests etc and told him mine. (No, not sex).

He was no fool, and got me right where I wanted. He got all the body messages and was sure that this horny girl will allow him to have a go at her pussy. One day he asked me to come to his house for a small party which he was giving on his promotion, that’s what he told me. It was Saturday and I went to his house in the evening at 7.00 p.m. His house was not big but ok and in an apartment complex, not far away from my house. He opened the door and I peeked inside, expecting many people there. But I did not see anybody and my heart skipped a beat. I was not afraid of him but was excited by the situation, which was ahead of me. He asked me to sit on the couch and gave me some cold drink, may be coke or something like that. He sat near me and asked me if I was surprised for seeing no one. I said yes I sure was.

He told me that he wanted to call me alone but was afraid to do so thinking that I will not come. So he gave a party for his false promotion. I smiled at him and he immediately kept his lips on mine and literally crushed my mouth. I tried to push him away, not expecting this at all from him. He was furious and hit me on my slim ass. He told me, “ Nandita you have troubled me a lot baby. Now I am not going to spare you any more. I was crazy with all the fucking signals you gave me and now I am going to fuck you baby.” Hearing this I was excited but I had to protest and he got angrier than ever. He went in and brought a nylon rope and catching my left hand turned me around so that both my hands were behind my back.

The bastard tied a knot and secured my hands. I had not even tried to struggle and this fucking bastard tied me. I was wearing thin shirt and jeans pant and with my hands behind my body my boobs jutted out straining against the thin fabric. I felt my nipples grow. OOH what was happening? I was getting aroused by this! I looked at my boobs and saw the nipples poking out through the thin material. Sanjay came to my front and watched my breasts, keeping his eye on the nipples and watching them growing. He was wearing shorts and T-shirt and I could see clear bulge on the shorts, the bulge was quite big and I expected the cock to be 8 inches or more. As I imagined the cock size my cunt started to ooze the juice and it went on becoming wet and wet. He now came to me and started to unbutton the thin shirt I was wearing. He undid top three buttons and pushed the shirt aside exposing my boobs for the first time. He looked at them and licked his lips, and told me that they were real nice and looked full. He removed rest of the buttons but could not remove my shirt due to the tied hands.
