 I haven't seen Naveen, since that fateful day about a month ago. Deep down inside, I would like for it to happen again. It has given me a whole new outlook on life. I feel so much more sensuous and have so much more confidence in myself. Raja even commented on how attentive I've been to him.

I am on my way home from work and Raja is away on another business trip. I really would like to see Naveen again. My heart begins to throb as I round the curve and see Naveen in his yard. Then my heart sinks as I see another guy in the yard with him.

"Shit......"

When I get out of the car, I wave at Naveen and he waves back. Damn, why did that other guy have to be there? We could have had another wonderful afternoon.

I get a bottle of wine from the fridge and begin pouring. There is a knock on the door. It's Naveen and his friend.

"Hi, Aunty, this is Vijay."

Vijay is a older than Naveen, about 28 or 29, taller, and built just as well. He has dark hair, brown eyes, and is about 6'2" and about 72 kgs. Both are wearing tank tops and shorts to show off their muscles. I am a little apprehensive. Why has Naveen brought this guy here?

"Hello, Vijay, it's so nice to meet you." We shake hands.

"It's nice to meet you, Aunty. I've heard a lot about you from Naveen."

I know my face is red as I look toward Naveen.

"Vijay and I work out together. We talk a lot while we work out."

"What did you say about me, Naveen?" I say with a stern voice. I am anxious to hear the answer to THAT question.

Naveen puts his strong arms around me, pulls me tightly to him, and kisses me on the mouth.

"NAVEEN!"

With his arms still around me, Naveen said, "It's ok, Aunty, Vijay's cool."

"NAVEEN, it's NOT ok! I am a respectable woman and I DON'T go around kissing young men in public.

"This is not public. It is in your house."

"I am a married woman and I don't kiss young men anywhere!" I try to push away from Naveen.

He holds his arms around me and clutches my lower body tight against his. Why did he have to bring Vijay here? I would love to have sex with him, but not with Vijay here.

Naveen kisses me on the mouth again. Unable to resist, I put my arms around his neck and kiss back for just a few seconds. I decide that he probably has told Vijay about our late afternoon escapade last month.

Vijay moves real close behind me and presses his hard body right up against mine. I am caught in a sandwich between the two burly young men. Vijay places a hand on each side of my pelvis and pulls my rear end tight against him. Feeling a hard lump at his crotch, I try to squirm free, but I only seem to excite Vijay as my butt wiggles across his crotch. Each one of them is holding me tight and I can't move very much. Vijay's hands wander up my rib cage until he has a hand under each of my armpits. I can't lower my arms from Naveen's neck because of the way Naveen is holding me. I know what is coming next.

"NO! ....... Stop this right NOW!" I try to sound firm.

Naveen holds me tight against him. 

Vijay's hands slide forward until he has each one of my breasts covered by his large palms. I was afraid this would happen. He squeezes my breasts several times. He pushes them up, then he gropes with them some more. He finds my hardened nipples and pinches them through my bra.

"Aarrmmmmmppppppppphhhhh!...........". I try to protest, but Naveen has his tongue in my mouth.

As Vijay continues to fondle my breasts, I feel his groin hunching against my Butt. He leans over and kisses me passionately on the neck while Naveen is still kissing me on the mouth. The hair stands up on my neck.

"NO! ............ I will not allow this! This is too kinky for me!"

Vijay's right hand leaves my breast, moves to my buttocks and begins massaging my right butt cheek. He sucks my earlobe into his mouth, blowing his hot breath on my ear. He rubs my breast with his left hand and my behind with his right for several minutes. He works my skirt up over my bottom and slides his hand into my pantyhose as his tongue explores my ear. I feel his large coarse hand wander all over the bare skin of my rump and his hot breath on my ear.

"PLEASE STOP ........ I don't want this!"

Getting turned on, I feel like a slut. Where do these guys get the idea that they can just come in my house and have their way with me. I don't want this to happen, but they won't stop.

Vijay gets on his knees behind me and lowers my pantyhose and panties to my ankles.

Naveen rubs my breast. He kneads it very gently through my blouse and bra with his sensitive hand.

Vijay lifts my feet, one at a time, off the floor and removes my underwear. He unfastens my skirt and pulls both it and my half slip to the floor. Naked from the waist down, I can feel Vijay staring at my bare butt. He leans forward and kisses it.

"Pleeeeeeeeeeeeze don't .......". I try one more time to stop them.

While Naveen continues to kiss me, he fondles my breast through my blouse and bra.

Wrapping both his hands around my right ankle, Vijay moves it about a foot away from the left one.

Naveen is holding me off balance and I can't get my legs back together. I wish I were alone with Naveen. I would love to have sex with him again. I am so turned on, it is unbelievable. I have never even fantasized about two men at the same time.

Vijay's hands, still both wrapped around my right ankle begin to slowly slide up my bare leg. As they slowly work their way up over my calf, I can feel a palm on each side of my calf, fingers in front on my shin bone, thumbs in back. I am glad I shaved my legs this morning. When he reaches about half way up my leg, he pauses and tickles the back of my knee with his thumbs. It feels very good. Vijay has found one of my erogenous zones!

"Ooooooohhhhhhh................."

I start to kiss Naveen passionately. After he unbuttons my blouse and pushes it off my shoulders, he reaches behind me, unhooks my bra and it falls to the floor between us. He takes my newly liberated breast in his hand and gently presses it.

"Oooooohhhhhhhhhhhh................."

Vijay's hands resume their journey up my leg. When they reach just below my crotch, his left hand (the one between my legs) stops and his right hand continues up to rub and knead my bare butt. He moves my right cheek all around and then just slides his hand all over my rear end.

"Ooooooooohhhhhhhh ................."

It feels good. I move my bare bottom in circles. His left hand slides up my now wet inner thigh and touches my puffy labia.

"Oohh!" I freeze.

He slides his hand forward, between my legs, up to my pubic bone and toys with my hairs for a few seconds, then moves his hand back down to the top of my split and moves his finger down the entire length of my crevice and back up, never dipping between my lips, just feeling the crack where they meet. The feeling is unbelievable. I want his fingers between my lips. For several minutes, Vijay explores my lips then finally, he slips a finger between them and up into my wet and willing pussy. 

"Oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh .............." I spread my legs a little wider.

Naveen bends over and takes a nipple into his mouth. He sucks it hard, but not hard enough to hurt.

Vijay slips more fingers up me. I can't tell how many. He slides them in and out ... in and out. I arch my back, sticking my butt back to Vijay.

"Ooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh .............it feels soooooooo gooooooooood ......... let's go to the bedroom."

Vijay stands up and we walk to the bedroom. I am in middle and both guys have their arms around me. I feel awkward as I am the only one who is naked. I am sure both the boys are watching my breasts jiggle as we walk down the hallway. Feeling proud, I hold them out as far as I can.

When we get to the bedroom, I turn the covers all the way back to the floor and lay down on the king size bed to watch the boys get undressed. I have seen Naveen's magnificent naked body before, so I am really eager to see Vijay. He doesn't disappoint me. His body is fantastic. Larger and more mature that Naveen's and a lot hairier. His organ is erect and gigantic.

"One of you go back to the living room. I want to have sex with both of you, but only one at a time."

They both get on the bed with me. One on each side. 

"NO! Only one at a time. One of you must go to the other room."

"NO, Chickie, we are friends. We will fuck you together", Vijay Anitaounces.

"My name is not 'Chickie'. I won't have sex with both of you at the same time", I assert as I sit up on the bed.

Vijay puts his hand on my breast and pushes me back to a reclining position. He bends over and kisses me on the mouth for the first time. My first impression is of the stubble of his beard on my chin and below my nose. He slips his tongue into my mouth. He takes my left hand and places it on his incredibly huge organ.

I wrap my fingers around it and begin stroking. I can barely reach around it.

Naveen puts my right hand on his member also. It feels so bizarre to have a cock in each hand. I have never done that before.

As I kiss Vijay, and play with both hard dicks, each one of them fondles a breast. It feels strange having two people play with your breasts. Naveen feels the right one gently and tenderly. Vijay, in contrast, is harsh, to the point of being painful.

"I told you she had great tits!"

Now I know Naveen has told. I wonder how many other people he has told.

"You were right, Dude. Aunty, your knockers are great."

I feel both anger and embarrassment. Anger at Naveen for telling about our escapade and embarrassment at the two of them talking about my naked breasts.

Naveen slides down and begins sucking on the breast he is playing with and soon Vijay does the same. I have wondered how it would feel to have both breasts sucked at the same time and it is wondrous. I feel like a mother dog suckling two puppies.

"Ooooooooohhhhhhhhhh .................. that is ............. fantastic."

I spread my legs as Vijay's hand slips down to my most private pubic area. His finger enters my split at the very top, slides down between my lips to my clit and begins to harshly rub it.

"Ouch ........ Not so hard ......... it hurts."

"That's ok, Chickie, it'll feel good in a minute when you get used to it."

I don't like being called "Chickie". I am beginning not to like Vijay so much. He is much cruder than Naveen. He places both my outer lips between his thumb and forefinger and pulls. He crams his finger into my wet vagina.

"Ooooohhhhhhhhhh ..............."

He fingers me for several minutes while they both continue to suck my breasts. I get very wet. He returns to my clit and again coarsely rubs it. This time it feels really good.

"Ooooohhhhhhhh .............. yeeeeeeesssssssss"

"Didn't I tell you she was hot!"

I could tell that Naveen was trying to impress his older, unrefined friend.

"You found her, Dude. You fuck her first."

I don't like the way that sounded. I feel very sleazy, like a whore. I don't like the way this is going.

"No .... not while ..... Vijay is in here ...."  Naveen immediately rolls over on me and gently eases his penis into me. It feels so good. As I put my arms around his back, I raise my legs and move in rhythm with him.

"Oh .......... oh ......... oh ......... yes ........... oh .........yes ...... do it .......... oh .......... yes ........." I really enjoy Naveen. He is good, but it is wierd having sex with someone while someone else is in the bed watching.

Vijay takes my left hand from Naveen's back and puts it back on his huge cock. I pump my hand up and down on his gigantic shaft. He is still roughly probing my breast. Naveen continues to thrust his dick deep inside my orifice.

"Oh ........ yes ............. yes ......... I love it ......... yes ...... "

Naveen begins to breath very hard and his muscles all tense at once. I feel his dick shooting it's juice into me. He relaxes for a few seconds, allowing all his weight to rest on me, then he rolls off onto the bed beside me.

In an instant, Vijay rolls over onto me and rams his massive dick into my surprised pussy.

"OOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHH................"

I cry out in pain as his gigantic organ stretches me to the limit. I feel like I have been impaled on a baseball bat. Tears come to my eyes.

Vijay slams into me time after time. After a very few minutes, my pussy adjusts to his huge size and it begins to feel incredibly good.

"Oh ......... oh ............ oh ........... yes ......... fuck me ........ fuuuuuck meeeeee ........... oh Vijay ........... I love it ..........."

Vijay is thrusting so hard that my breasts are bouncing all over my chest, almost hitting my chin. I pull him to me, kiss him, stick my tongue in his mouth, and rub my hands all over his back and ass. Vijay is an animal. I have never experienced anything like this in my wildest dreams.

"Oh ....... oh ......... oh .......... do it .......... oh ......... oh ...... I love it ........... oh ....... yes ........... fuck me ........"

Naveen reaches over and begins to fondle my breast, paying a lot of attention to my very hard nipple. He sucks my nipple into his mouth and nibbles on it.

"Oh ....... oh ........ ooohhhhhh......."

I feel my body begin to tingle and feel a fast approaching orgasm. I reach down and wrap my fingers around Naveen's cock, which has already become hard again. I thrust my pelvis as high as I can.

"OOOOOHHHHHHH ........... I'M CUUUMMMMMMMMING ... FUCK ME HARD ....ooooohhhhhhh ................. ooooooohhhhhhhhhh ....... YEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!! ..................."

Vijay is still thrusting. He hasn't cum yet. He has much more staying power than Naveen. I am still pumping Naveen's organ with my hand. Suddenly Vijay turns me over very quickly jerking my nipple out of Naveen's mouth and my hand away from Naveen's dick. He reaches around my waist and pulls me on my knees and elbows before I know what has happened. He quickly jams his gigantic cock back into me from the rear and resumes his hard thrusts.

"Oh ............. oh ............... oh ................. oh .......... yes ..... fuck me .............. like a ........... dog ............. yes ......"

"Naveen, fuck her in the mouth!"

Naveen obeys his older friend and moves around to my head, puts his legs on each side of me and leans back against the headboard sitting up. His hard cock is right in front of my face pointing straight up at my mouth.

"Oh ......... oh ............... oh ............. yes .......... fuck me ...."

I open my mouth and lower it over Naveen's excited maleness. I can taste my love juices still on him. I move my head up and down as I suck on him. I really like pleasing Naveen. He is such a nice young man.

"Umm ................ umm .............. umm ................. umm ........."

Naveen reaches down on each side of my head and finds my wildly swinging breasts and caresses them both. Vijay wraps one hand around my waist and finds my clit and kneads it roughly. With his other hand, he slaps my butt, hard. It is very loud and stings a lot.

"..... S L A P ......"

"................ OOOHHHHHH! .........."

Naveen sees what Vijay did and begins slapping my breasts. It is painful, but not excruciating.

"slap ..... slap ..... slap ....."

"......oh ....... oh ....... oh ....... oh ....... oh ...... oh ......"

As he slaps the outside of each breast, it swings toward the other and they slap together.

".... S L A P ......"

".............. OOOOOHHHHHH!!!!! ........."

Vijay again slaps my butt. My butt is stinging and both breasts are beginning to sting. Vijay is still rubbing my clit and pumping my pussy real hard. I am engulfed by all the sensations. I feel those familiar sensations and I know I am near to an orgasm.

"Oh ........ oh ........ oh ............ fuck me ........ rub my pussy!!!"

I lower my head and take in as much of Naveen into my mouth as I can.

Just before I reach the "moment of no return", Vijay pulls out of me.

"NOOOOOOO!!!! ........ FUCK ME!!!! ....... PLEASE, FUCK ME!!!!!!!!"

"Hold her arms, Naveen."

Naveen wraps his hands around each of my wrists. I am surprised. I don't know what to expect.

Vijay grabs my legs and jerks my knees out from under me. I am now flat on my stomach with Vijay kneeling between my legs and my face in Naveen's crotch. Vijay takes his dick in his hand and eases it between my cheeks of my ass, to my anus.

"NNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!"

I squeeze my sphincter muscles as tight as I can to keep him out, but Vijay is too well lubricated and he slowly slides into my rectum.

"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!"

When I open my mouth, Vijay pushes my head down so that my open mouth engulfs Naveen's hard dick.

"Relax your butt, Chickie, and it won't hurt so much."

It is so painful, l will try anything. I try to relax. Vijay is laying with all his weight on me. After a few minutes of concentration, I manage to relax my anal muscles. It starts to feel good to have Vijay sliding in and out of my ass.

"Oooohhhhhhh ........ you suck ........ dicks real ........ good, Aunty ...."

Naveen is really enjoying the blow job. I really enjoy having Vijay fuck my ass. My clit begins tingling again. Could I be near orgasm? YEESS! I shutter and shake. My second orgasm starts!

Vijay puts his hand on the back of my head and presses it all the way down on Naveen's dick. It goes all the way down my throat. I try to pull my head up, but Vijay keeps it pressed down. My orgasm continues. My clit tingles like someone is rubbing it, but no one is. I force my head up and catch two quick breaths. Vijay's body begins to shutter and I feel his dick spurting it's cum up my ass. I am still cumming. Vijay is cumming. I didn't know I could have an orgasm from butt fucking. Finally my orgasm subsides and Vijay collapses on top of me. I am exhausted. Vijay eventually rolls off me.

"Ok, Kid, your turn to fuck her in the ass."

I am too tired to object.

Instead, Naveen rolls me over on my back, spreads my legs and eases into my tired, sore pussy. I am so glad that it is Naveen fucking me now, instead of big rough Vijay. I open my legs to accept him. Naveen gently eases in and out, up and down.

Vijay begins to fondle my tender breasts again. I am sore all over.

"Oh ..... not so hard ..... they're tender...."

My pussy again begins to tingle. I am about to cum again. My body begins to shutter.

Vijay moves around to my head and places his limp dick just above my mouth.

My third orgasm begins. I have to open my mouth to breathe. Vijay lowers his soft dick into my mouth. I thought it would be repulsive since it had been up my ass just a few minutes ago, but it wasn't. I can taste a little rectum on it, but it isn't bad. My orgasm continues. Vijay massages my breasts. It hurts, but the pain seems to intensify my orgasm.

Naveen's body tenses and he begins to shoot his load into my exhausted pussy. This orgasm goes on forever. I am still sucking Vijay's dick and Naveen is still fucking me. Vijay plays with my tits. At last, my orgasm subsides.

Vijay's dick begins to swell and I continue to suck it. It swells so big that I think my lips will rip in two. Thankfully, in just a few seconds empties his jism into my mouth. He removes his hard dick from my mouth and I feel like it won't close.

Vijay rolls off the bed and begins to get dressed.

"Come on, Dude, we gotta split."

Naveen starts to get off the bed.

"Naveen, please stay with me for a little while."

"Ok ...... You go ahead, Vijay, I'll see you tomorrow at workout."

Vijay leave leaves and Naveen turns to me. "I'm sorry, Aunty. I didn't know he would be so rough. He's really a nice guy."

"Just come here and lay down."

He does.
