 I saw the boat in the horizon. 

It was the only boat in the lake, and it was nearby the house dock. I knew it was his.

This late afternoon brought the beautiful views of the summer sun, with its orange and golden rays that reflected on the tops of the thick trees on the other side of the banks and reflecting upon the crystal water of the lake. The calm waters undisturbed and still, the boat seemed to be floating on the surface of glass. The occasional water bug bounced off and gave life in ripples to the rainbow of warm tones. The sky a clear sketch of the pale blue. Not a cloud in sight, leaving the image of water and sky to mirror one another.

I could see why he escaped to live in the thicket of the wood: not a single neighbor for miles, giving the orchestra of bugs and birds zero audience, but more beautiful in its solidarity. The sight of a romantic retreat one would witness in pamphlets and websites, promoting the 'absolute best way to escape and relax'. 

I drove onto the outstretched driveway. The rocks and gravel crushing underneath my wheels as I drove near the cabin. 

Putting the car in park, I climbed out and closed the door loudly, just so he knew he had a visitor. 

Nobody came to greet me.

The summer air was still warm from the long day. I was glad the chill had not set in just yet with the fast approaching nightfall. 

Making my way to the side of the house where the patio area was, I walked up the wooden stairs and caught sight of the closed glass-paneled door. 

I knocked twice and nobody answered.

I knocked louder. Still nothing. 

"Aaron! Are you there?"

"Perfect. Of course he is not here. I didn't see his car. He might be out. Who knows? Oh, I wish I called first," I thought, disappointed.

"Payton?" I heard a distant voice respond, almost surprised.

I turned around and saw he was in the boat docked a few feet from the shore. "Yes, it's me!"

His head was peeping out from the dock of the boat. I figured he was probably snoozing in the yacht chamber below deck. He looked at me as if in disbelief, and cried out, "Just a second! I will be right with you."

He climbed the rest of the stair to reach the top deck. I saw him pull out the anchor and land it in to the side storage. Aaron then started up the sails and caught wind to sail the few feet back onto the dock landing. 

For a moment I felt really silly and foolish for coming out here. It didn't make any sense, really. I mean, we barely knew each other. But this was just my impulsive move to get him to see me before he moved away to 'God knows where.' The last thing I wanted was a missed opportunity to see him. 

As he parked the yacht and secured it on the dock, I silently stood there, and watched him gather the few things he had taken with him on the boat. He climbed out and walked toward me, his hands full. All I could see on his face was confusion, and even a little hint of glee that I felt he was trying so hard to hide. I wasn't sure, but it pleased me either way. Because no matter how surprised and confused he was about me showing up, I could see he was still happy to see me.

"Peyton, you are honestly the last person I expected to see," he gasped.

"Hello Aaron," I said, smiling.

He returned the smile and we both stood there awkwardly for a few moments.

He realized our silence, and quickly said, "I have my hands full. As you can see," he giggled nervously. "Would you like to come in? It's getting chilly out."

I smiled and nodded in agreement, "I would love to."

He motioned with his full hands toward the balcony, glass-paneled door I had knocked on earlier. "Go through there. It's unlocked, so just go straight in."

I smiled and obeyed. 

The door was unlocked, just as he said. I opened the wood-framed door. He followed close behind. 

"Make yourself at home," he said from behind me as I made my way into what looked like the living room area. 

He was rustling behind me, in another corner of the room. I made my way to one of the couches quietly, and sat down. 

The furnishings inside the cabin was what you would expect: a fake moose head above the fireplace, leather couches with a knit blanket hung over the backrest and wood everywhere! The fireplace was already going. I appreciated the heat emanating from it now. I could feel that the later it got, the colder it got. 

He was making his way around the house, turning on all the lights, giving the place a more 'homey' feel. The sun was still pretty high in the clear sky, but the cabin was unusually dark. 

When he was done, he came into the living room. His heavy boots clunking loudly on the wooden floorboards. "Can I get you something to eat or drink, Peyton?"

I smiled and darted my eyes to find an appropriate answer. "Actually I would love a scotch or any hard liquor," I suggested.

He laughed. "You are not even twenty-one," he accused.

I teased, "I might not look it but I am twenty-five, going on twenty-six."

His mouth dropped, "I would never have guessed!"

I laughed softly, "Well, I worked in administrative for long enough, and celebrated some office birthdays. You never figured out how old I was after a few of those?" I teased.

"I guess I wasn't paying attention to the candles on the cake," he admitted.

There was a moment of silence. Then I saw him have a moment of clarity, "Oh, your scotch! Let me get it." He left the living room and went into the kitchen doorway. "I think I'll join you."

I sat back on the soft sofa, and buried my head in the blanket folded neatly over the back of the sofa. I turned my head slightly and got a whiff of his cologne on it. Closing my eyes, I imagined him laying down on this couch, reading a book. The blanket covering part of his torso and his legs. It was a great picture, and for a minute, the reason 'why' I was here didn't matter as much as being here felt right now. It was so comfortable. I was enjoying every minute.

"So, how are things since I left?" I heard him cry out from the kitchen.

"Oh-same old," I confessed. "Maybe you can phone me in six months from now when you're settled somewhere else, and I can fill you in on some new gossip then." I joked.

His laugh echoed warmly from behind the wall. I was pleased.

"How is the moving going'?"

"It's going'. Don't really have a whole lot to pack. I mean, this furniture came with the place, so all my loose stuff I am just going to pack in boxes and put in the back of my truck."

"Where is your truck?"

"I left it at the dealership to get some last minute fix' ins before I move on. And I'll put the yacht up for sale. Well, I already have one very interested buyer. So, I might have it sold and gone in a few days, who knows? When you surprised me, I was in there cleaning and fixin' up some last minute things," he explained.

There was a short pause. I was about to say something else, but he walked back in the room. But this time, he was carrying a tray with two tall glasses filled with ice and scotch, and a party tray with crackers, cheese and salami. I loved his thoughtfulness.

He set it down onto the coffee table in front of me, he sat down on the armchair to the left. He looked so handsome in his plaid buttoned-down shirt and blue jeans. A real outdoorsy man. His toned figure and broad shoulders peeking out from the thin material. 

"So, I heard there is good fish stock in this lake," I commented, trying to distract myself from staring at him. I was not really sure what conversation could prolong my time until I gathered enough courage to confess to him why I was really here.

He grabbed a hold of the glass with scotch nearest to him and took a sip. The ice made a 'clank' noise as he tipped the rim to his lips. His sexy lips. His dark mustache making his beautiful lips more robust. 

I was horny for him even now, even within my nervousness. He didn't seem to notice how my very knees were trembling. I guess he figured I might just be a little chilly. 

"I have had some good luck catching some trout and catfish. I haven't had a dry spell in fishing yet," he added.

I mimicked him and picked up my own glass. Gulping down half of the glass, I set it back down and let out a low gag from the potent liquor. 

Aaron laughed. "Not use to the hard stuff, huh?"

I shook my head, "I figured it would help warm me up, that's all."

"And it's also 'courage in a cup," I thought, laughing at my own expense.

He smiled, "You thought right."

I put the glass back down on the tray, and sat back.

"Oh, here," he got up and went behind the couch, grabbing the blanket behind me. I sat upright to let him. He wrapped it around my shoulders. "It is nice and soft; guaranteed to warm you up." He smiled in spite of himself. I smiled back, thinking how cute he was.

"Stop it, Peyton! You're way ahead of yourself," I threatened myself quietly.

He made his way back to his armchair and sat down.

"Aaron, you're probably wondering now why I came out to see you," I started to explain, assuming my instant courage was the result of the liquor I just downed.

"No, not at all! I mean, yes and no! You have always been really nice to me," he added, enthusiastically.

I looked at him, surprised, "I was? I mean, of course I was! You're such a warm and caring person yourself. Everyone liked you. And you'll be sorely missed."

He picked up his glass for another swig and grinned, "I will miss you all. Especially you. You were what made going to work so much fun. I always looked forward to seeing you."

I looked more shocked, and pleased. He must have noticed because he laughed at my expression.

"What? You didn't know how much I liked you? I thought my flirting was so obvious."

"I thought you were just plain nice to everyone. I have to admit if you were flirting, I did not seem to notice. Trust me, I would have been-" I cut myself off before diving into my lust for him too quickly.

"You would have been what?" he asked.

I smiled shyly, and at him directly, "I would have been more pleased if I knew."

He seemed more puzzled than before, but I saw, after a few seconds went by, he raised his chin and his mouth opened up into a silent, 'aha' moment. I sighed with relief, thankful that there wasn't too much explaining to be done. 

"So, are you saying-" Aaron asked, moving his hands side to side, trying to piece together his sentence.

"Well," I began, as I touched my knees and shrugged my shoulders. "I had a huge crush on you since I started working in the office. You were- obviously- there before me. You were the first thing I noticed when I walked in, my first day on the job." I lifted my eyes up slowly to face his.

Aaron seemed to take everything I said in good faith. "Peyton, I am shocked to hear that because never in a million years...Honestly, I always thought you were way too good for me."

I was the one in shock now! "But look at you! You are so beautiful! You could have any girl," I blurted out. Realizing what I just said, I blushed.

He laughed nervously, "Well, I could have, but there was no woman I have been really attracted to before you. For years."

"Years???" Now, I was shocked.

"Yeah! I actually. Well- I know you are a good friend, so I will share something with you."

I couldn't handle the suspense, "What? What is it? You can tell me anything."

Aaron started to speak. But was interrupted by a whistling noise.

A man's whistle. It was coming from outside.

"Hey, Aaron, you forgot to get the fishing rods from the back of the house-"

Peyton looked up and saw a tall, dark and handsome man enter the room. He seemed just as surprised to see me as I was to see him. "Oh, I am very sorry, I had no idea we had company!"

Peyton suddenly felt flustered. "Oh, forgive me. I didn't mean to intrude." I got up, and started to head toward the door.

"No! Wait, Peyton!"

"Yes, please, stay! Ma'am, please."

Both men were now pleading with me to stay. I suddenly didn't feel so foolish anymore. More than anything, I felt guilty.

"Really, I had no idea we had company. I would have put on some nicer clothes. Especially around such a beautiful woman such as yourself," the handsome man said, looking at Peyton with a respectful smile.

Aaron was already on his feet from when I was set on leaving. Probably to try and talk me into staying. I just couldn't shake the feeling that I was invading their privacy.

"Their privacy?" I thought to myself. "Hmm, I wonder whom he was, in regards to Aaron. His brother? They did look so much alike. Admittedly, they were both tall, with dark hair and strong figures. But this one wasn't as rugged as Aaron. He had a cleaner shave. More of a 'baby face' than Aaron did. I found him also very attractive.

Now, the room suddenly felt a little small.

"Please, do sit down," the tall man offered. Aaron made his way back to the armchair.

"My name is David, by the way. It seems Aaron forgot his manners." He eyed Aaron accusingly.

Aaron suddenly looked uncomfortable. 

"I can stay for a little longer, and then I will head out before the sun sets."

"Oh, we would not let you drive in the dark! That's preposterous! We have a very comfortable guest room upstairs.

I relaxed a little bit more. That sounded better than getting on the empty roads this time of day. "Thank you so much!"

"So, Peyton, I have heard about you before. Aaron has talked about you in the past. You started working with him a couple years back, am I right?" David asked, obviously curious about me.

I was surprised and flattered to hear that Aaron talked about me. "Yes! I have been working there for about three years, actually. I feel Aaron and I had a special bond, a friendship, working so close these past few years."

"I am so very happy you came out here. Were you here to just have a last 'goodbye' drink with Aaron?"

"Oh yes, of course," I lied.

David nodded, still smirking. "Well, if that's true, I am so sorry to hear that."

I looked at him as if I didn't hear him right. "Excuse me?"

David had not sat down yet, which made me more nervous. 

"I am going to pour myself a drink and I will be right back," said David, ignoring my baffled response.

When he left the room, I turned to Aaron. Aaron looked at me apologetically. "Peyton, there was something I wanted to tell you before he walked into the room." He was whispering, and I struggled to hear him.

"What's wrong?" I whispered back. I walked back to my spot on the large couch.

"I'm- I'm-" Aaron stuttered.

"Hot cakes, Aaron is bisexual and I am his boyfriend," David barged into the room, a tall glass of scotch in his hand. He was obviously listening in on the conversation.

I was really shocked. Not shocked in a disgusted way, but never thought Aaron would be gay, or bisexual. He seemed too manly, too 'straight'. I really had no idea.

I was taken aback and felt myself sinking into the couch. I felt it was not as much from the shock as it was from the disappointment. My dream of sleeping with him seemed now way out of my grasp.

My whole trip out to see him was to give him a 'goodbye present' he wouldn't forget. I never saw him with anyone or talk about anyone. I thought he was straight and single! My surprise was mostly from the disappointment of it all.

"Oh, honey," David said in a singsong voice. His low and manly voice matching his masculine charms. "I know why you are here."

I sat up straight and chugged the rest of the liquor down. "Why?"

David laughed heartily, "Because you wanted to fuck him."

I gulped and looked at them both, wide-eyed. In a whisper I said, "I should go."

They both watched me as I stood up and made my way toward the door.

"Peyton, please, let me explain," Aaron said almost panicky.

I turned to face him, "You don't need to say a thing! I promise, from the bottom of my heart, I will never tell a living soul about this."

"Hmmm, I like you," David commented. "I really wish you would stay. You are not obligated, but just give Aaron the goodbye kiss you want him to remember you by."

Aaron and I both exchanged uncomfortable looks. 

"Well, Peyton, I wouldn't mind it if I could kiss you. I have always wanted to," Aaron admitted.

I felt like I was in a surreal movie. This whole plot did a 360 in a matter of minutes. Contrary to how I was feeling before, I didn't run out into the night. I stayed.

"Oh, I don't know. I want to, but you have a boyfriend. I feel like I am putting you up to cheating."

David laughed, "It's not cheating because I am allowing it. I want him to. It will turn me on," David's face curled up into a playful grin.

The sun was slowly going down in the horizon. Outside now had a golden hue. Any minute now, the outside would be pitch black. There was nobody around for miles and the street lights were scarce up in this country side. I didn't seem to mind this strange anomaly. All of a sudden, it seemed more like an adventure. Nobody was around, nobody would ever know. I knew that like I knew my own name.

Aaron was standing up now, and we faced each other from across the room. David didn't utter a sound. He was suddenly in the corner of the room, almost like a shadow. I didn't seem to mind him watching. Aaron and I suddenly on the same page. I knew, any second now, he would cross the room and make his way toward me. 

And so he did. Aaron made his way across the room. I felt his eagerness as he got closer. Now he was close enough that I could smell him: he smelt like cotton with hints of men's cologne and sweat. He smelt good, like a man should. I wasn't nervous or apprehensive.

Slowly, he lowered his head to land his lips softly on mine. I allowed him to, and he did so eagerly. 

His tongue grazing against my teeth and playing with my tongue. He breathed his hot, delicious breath in my mouth. I felt his hands rubbing my shoulders and then making their way to the contours of my neck, massaging it softly with his fingertips.

"This is wrong, this is so wrong. He's gay! His boyfriend is watching us this minute!" I thought, snapping back into logical thought.

I pulled away. 

Aaron looked at me, just as dazed as I was a few seconds ago. He was breathing heavy. "What's wrong?" he asked.

His thumb caressing my cheek. I looked at him and then toward where David was, hiding within the shadows. "I can't do this."

"Would you like me to leave?" I suddenly heard David say. He stood up from the chair I now saw was hidden in the corner behind the bookshelf.

"No-no, it's ok. I'll go ahead and leave," I volunteered.

"I want you to stay," David pleaded. "Please-stay." 

All of a sudden, David was next to me too. Both men, towering over me like Greek Gods in jeans and plaid shirts. "Will you allow us to pleasure you? We would love to so much," David begged.

I chuckled to myself, almost like a timid schoolgirl, whom got asked to the prom by the two cutest and most popular boys at school. 

They both stared at me pleadingly. Their harmless eyes, giving away to their horniness, their hunger for excitement. Unlike David, I saw Aaron had a special 'soft spot' for me. That even though he had his boyfriend next to him, he looked at me protectively. I could see how he really wanted me to trust him.

"Aaron has wanted this for a while. He has wanted you," David said. "And you showing up here...it was just 'meant to be'. Now, that I have seen you, I can see why he wanted you so much."

They each put one hand on both of my shoulders. Their hands large and wide, covering half my arm.

"Peyton, come to the couch. Please."

I nodded and they both took one of my hands and led me gently to the couch. 

When we were directly in front of it, Aaron turned around and kissed my lips gently. David was unbuttoning my thin blouse. 

Now, I was topless, half exposed, but not chilly. Their large, hot bodies surrounding mine, enveloping me in their body heat. 
