 It's been a while since I submitted a story. I would like to thank my editor Patient Lee for convincing me to try again.

*****

I saw her the first time as a lonely figure on the bench overlooking the harbor. She was staring at a big luxury cruiser.

The Symphonia was leaving in a couple of days' time for a voyage to Italy, and that would be my last part of my trip before flying home to Amsterdam.

I was drawn to her by her classic beauty. She was a small girl . From local colored or Cape Malay decent. Beautiful, light chocolate features. Big brown eyes staring into the distance.

She had full lips with a sad smile. Wearing a short summer dress, I could make out her her beautiful, toned legs. Looking smooth with that same exotic, chocolate colour that makes it look like a healthy tan.

I could see that her breasts were big for her small frame. Not overly so. Just right.

I kept on staring at her from behind my sunglasses sitting at a waterfront bar, slowly sipping my beer.

My name is Johan Van Der Oost. A Dutch national. The English, and, even worse, the Americans always battle with the pronunciation of my name, so I have been called John van Der Ost for most of my travels.

I just turned forty, and my divorce to my school sweetheart became final a few months ago . I was more than a bit depressed thinking of my beautiful wife that had enough of my career choice .

I deal in diamonds and I normally travel for more than two hundred days a year. This didn't allow me time to work as hard on the relationship as I should.

I didn't pick up the tell-tale signs of her affair . Only when I came home from one of my travels and found an empty apartment and the divorce papers did I start thinking of how withdrawn she was.

Thinking of the nights she came home, and she went straight for the shower before she came to my home office to greet me.

She started keeping her cellphone close to her at all times.

She started asking me when my next trip was. Almost looked relieved when I left.

I only thought about it when I saw the papers.

She didn't ask for much, and I didn't fight it. I knew at the first meeting with the lawyers that it was over.I never asked her, but I found out from mutual friends that she was seen with the same guy at local pubs.

It hurt especially as I have always been faithful but thinking about it now I feel no hate and no remorse. I want her to find happiness, and if it's with somebody else, so be it.

It was my first time in South Africa, and I did the normal tourist route. Game Parks, Sun City, World cup Stadiums, Apartheid museum, wine routes, and then I went to Cape Town.I went with the tour group up Table Mountain in the morning, but decided to ditch the group for the rest of the afternoon and evening.

I saw the lady stand up, and with a last look at the harbor, turn around to walk away.She walked past my table, and I gave her my best smile. She looked at me with a frown and kept walking.

I followed her with my eyes, and just before the corner she looked back, smiling.

That made my day, and even if I never saw her again, she would be in my mind forever.

The next few days were uneventful as I spent most of my time at the waterfront, hoping to see her again.

The Sinfonia was huge. Nine passenger decks with a capacity of fifteen hundred passengers. With 750 crew members, service was exceptional. The ship had numerous bars, restaurants, swimming pools and other entertainments.

The write ups that I had seen were quite exceptional. After two days of the nineteen day trip I was totally relaxed, and I even started working on a tan.

Since my divorce, I didn't spend much time thinking of women, but this whole experience was making me horny. The scantily clad woman on the pool deck was not helping much.

If it was not for my loose swimming trunks, it could have been very embarrassing.

"Good day sir. Can I offer you anything to drink?"

The first thing I saw was her legs. She was dressed in a waiter uniform that consisted of sneakers, short pants and a buttoned blouse.

Her legs were beautifully toned with a healthy brown colour. The blouse was very conservative, but I could see her full boobs straining against the buttons. As I was looking up into the sun, I could only see her perfect teeth and full lips.

There was something familiar about her. She moved out of the sun, and I could see her clear eyes.Then it hit me.

"It's you! " I stammered.

She frowned down at me, morethan a little bit confused.

"Sorry sir?" she answered.

"I saw you a few days ago. You were staring at the cruiser. You are beautiful, and I can't get you out of my mind." I felt like a fool after my verbal diarrhea.

She just stared at me with a confused look, but then her face lit up with a beautiful smile.

"You were sitting at the table, and you smiled at me when I walked past. I felt you staring after me. A bit rude don't you think?"

She said it with a smile, and I couldn't help but smile back.

"Now, how about that drink?"

She was suddenly very businesslike.

I ordered a beer and watched her walking away. She glanced back, smiling at me.

She returned with the beer and again she was very businesslike.

"Will that be all, sir?"

I thought about it, looking into her beautiful face, thinking that I want a lot more, but not to drink.

"What do you do on a boat?" I thought to myself. " Ask for a number?"

I felt very foolish staring at this vision, wanting to say so much but not being able to speak.

I just shook my head and watched her walk away.

I knew I was drinking too much, but I kept calling her back, asking for another beer, wanting her close to me. I could feel my hard-on getting even worse whenever she came close.

I started losing my awkwardness as I drank more beer, and even chatted a bit, trying to get her to open up . I was getting nowhere.

I saw her changing shifts and hoped that she would come by to say bye or something .

No such luck. Not even a glance as she walked through the door marked staff only.

I was not too stable when I stood up to gather my things. I tried to walk straight, and I don't think I did a good job at it.

I made it to my suite, battling with the card key.

"Can I help you with that?"

I turned to see my fantasy standing next to me. I handed her the card without a word. Not trusting myself not to slur.

She opened the door, standing aside to let me enter.

She had a wonderful scent. Her perfume smelled like her. Something exotic.

I stumbled walking past her, pushing my arms out, trying to grab something to break my fall.

I did grab a handful of boob. She looked at my hand holding her boob and then up at me again.

"I am sorry," I stammered.

Blushing, I removed my hand and again felt like a fool . She handed me the card and walked down the passage.

"You fool!" I screamed at myself, hitting my forehead a few times. I looked up at her smiling and shaking her head. She waved and disappeared around the corner.

I stumbled onto my bed and passed out.

It was dark when I woke up. I had no idea what time it was. I looked at my watch.

"Two o clock!"

I stumbled up, feeling very groggy. I climbed into the shower, opening the water full blast. Standing under the spray my memory returned, and I again slapped myself against the head.

I felt a bit better and very hungry after the shower.

I missed dinner, but they served snacks in the cigar bar. I pulled on some slacks and a T shirt with flip flops. Not thinking that I would bump into too many people this time of the morning.

I ordered a cup of tea from the tired-looking barman and climbed into the array of bread, cold meats and cheeses. It was the best meal of my life.

I was not feeling tired at all, so Ibought a cigar and went up to the swimming deck. It was deserted, and I sat down, staring over the ocean and enjoying my cigar.

"You feeling better?"

I jumped up when I heard her voice.

"Hi," I said, looking into her beautiful, smiling eyes.

"I don't know where to start apologizing," I again stammered like a teenager.

"I think you should start by apologizing for feeling me up," she answered with a grin.

"Oh yes, that will be a good start." I laughed back.

"Renae," she said extending her hand.

"Johan," I answered, taking her hand in mine.

I suddenly felt comfortable around her, and I soon realized that she was not just a beautiful girl. She was witty, intelligent and very knowledgeable about various subjects.

We chatted while the light started changing as the sun rose. I was fascinated by her, and I never felt such an attraction towards a woman.

She grew up in Cape Town, South Africa, the youngest daughter of a schoolteacher mom and a working class father. She grew up in post-apartheid South Africa, so she didn't experience the racial abuse that her parents had experienced .

Her life was already planned for her by her very conservative parents. She was enrolling into the University of Cape Town to study law.

She had six months before the start of her classes.

She had always dreamed of seeing the world. She loved her city and country, but she had to see what else was out there.

But alas, that would only be a dream. Even when she got her degree she would have to spend years paying off study loans.

Even after that it will be expected from her to marry and raise kids.

This trip was decided the day I saw her for the first time. She saw an advert for temporary staff and went to the harbor to have a look. She applied and was accepted the next day.

I told her about my life, and talking about my divorce made me feel like a loser. She saw my ill comfort and touched my arm to comfort me.

"It's sad, but things happen for a reason," she said, looking into my eyes.

"I wouldn't have met you," I answered taking her hands in mine.

I leant forward, keeping her gaze, searching for her lips.

I had heard people talking about a spark when they kissed. It felt as if the world stopped. I was amazed how soft her lips were, and I loved the feeling of her young body pressed against mine.

I held her in my arms while we watched the amazing sight of the sun appearing above the horizon. I was feeling content for the first time in quite a while.

Her shift was due to start, and after another long kiss, she walked away, looking over her shoulder and smiling that beautiful smile of hers.

I went for breakfast and then for a quick shower, not wanting to waste time before I saw her again.

I was the first guest next to the pool, and I smiled when I saw her walking towards me.

"Can I get you anything sir?" she asked with a serious face.

"Just a juice," I answered back, laughing at her professional attitude.

She turned around, and I again appreciated her beautiful legs and sexy ass. I could feel my now regular hard-on coming back with a vengeance. Not even my trunks could hide it this time.

Playing sport, I have seen other men in the showers, and I know that I am more than average. I was always proud of my equipment, but the tent in my pants was going to embarrass me this time.

I tried to think of something else, but nothing worked. I could see Renae returning with my juice, and the swell of her breasts didn't help either.

Her smile disappeared when she put the juice down on the table, inches from my massive erection.

She stared at it, and then she looked up licking her lips. She turned around, hurrying away.

I couldn't figure out how to read her reaction. It wasn't good as another waitress took over from her, and I could only see her on the far side of the deck.

She left after her shift and didn't even come to say goodbye.

I spent the rest of the afternoon searching the ship for her.

The staff had their own eating hall and pubs at the lowest deck. It was off-limits for guests, but I was lurking close by to maybe catch a glimpse of her.

I paid a steward 20 euros to take a note to her.

"Please meet me on the deck at 10 o'clock tonight. Johan."

I didn't eat much at dinner. I was counting the minutes and was on the deck half an hour before the time.

I was pacing up and down, looking at my watch as the minutes passed. I was getting more and more impatient, my feeling of exhilaration changing to doubt and then despair as I realized after an hour of waiting that she was not coming.

I walked back to my room feeling totally confused and heart sore.

I just got into my suite when I heard a soft knock. I stood at the door hoping, and with my heart thumping, I opened the door.

She was wearing a floral summer dress with thin straps. I could see her nipples poking through the thin material.

With downcast eyes she moved past me.

"I have to tell you something," she said, looking up at me for the first time.

I showed her to a chair and sat down across from her.

"I am sorry that I overreacted seeing your... uhm...manhood."

"It's fine. I am sorry. I must have looked like a pervert," I answered, just being glad that she was with me.

"I don't have much experience with men, and I got scared because of what went through my mind when I saw your excitement."

I felt like laughing but managed to keep a straight face.

"All I could think of the whole day was your...cock" she said, obviously not used to using that kind of language.

She climbed out of the chair, kneeling in front of me.

"I wanted to do this the whole day. Does it make me a slut?" she said while loosening my belt and pulling down my zipper.

She pushed her small hand into my boxers, searching for my cock. She didn't have to search long as my cock started growing when she walked through the door.

I couldn't help groaning when her small hand folded around my cock. Her eyes were big while she stroked it with special attention to the thick veins and the purple head.

She was now again licking her lips while she bent down, bringing it to her lips. She squeezed it and seemed fascinated by the pre-cum that was leaking from my engorged cock.

She pushed out her little tongue,delicately licked the pre-cum from the head, and guiltily smiled up at me while licking the side of my cock.

She took my balls into her mouth, sucking one at a time before she licked the whole length, stopping at the top to suck more pre-cum from the tip.

I was in heaven, and I have never seen a woman make love to a cock as she was doing. She studied it from all angles, amazed at the size and the veins that were now really standing out.

She returned to the head, taking it between her full lips, sucking it while stroking up and down the shaft with both her hands.

"Shit! That feels so good," I grunted.

She looked up at me, very happy that she was doing it right. She continued sucking taking more and more of my cock into her mouth.

I was amazed that more than two thirds of my cock disappeared down her throat. She sucked while massaging my cock head with her throat muscles.

I could feel a massive orgasm building, and she surprised me more when she delicately pressed her finger in my asshole.

I grunted and tried to push her away before I came. She wanted nothing of that. She went crazy sucking and jerking, and still with that little finger in my ass.

It felt like a wave coming from deep inside me moving through my balls up to my shaft.

I felt the cum spurting out of my cock. I stopped counting as spurt after spurt disappeared down her throat. She took my cock out of her mouth and licking it clean while smiling up at me.

My cock stayed hard as I stood up, pulling her up with me. I searched for her lips, tasting my cum in her mouth.

I pulled her dress off, realizing that she was naked underneath. I stood back, admiring her full, young boobs with her pointed nipples.

I turned her around bending her forward to admire her small, round ass and her beautiful pussy. She was clean shaven, just the way I like it. The lips were red and standing out in her aroused state. I cupped her pussy, feeling the heat and the moistness of her arousal.

"Do you like?" she asked smiling back at me.

"I like," I answered, picking her up and carrying her to the bed.

I gently laid her down, looking at this wonderful being. I climbed on top of her, hugging her wonderful naked body, kissing her, and then moving down.

I spent time kissing the smooth skin on her neck. My hard cock was pressed against her leg before I moved down to her wonderful breasts. I kissed around the nipple, teasing her.

She pulled me down, feeding her nipple into my mouth. I sucked and bit softly down on the one while playing with the other one between my fingers.

"Fuck, that feels amazing," she sighed.

I spent some time on her nipples until they were fully erect. I moved down planting soft kisses on her flat stomach.

I spread her legs, inhaling her wonderful scent. I kissed the inside of her leg and then started licking her outer lips.

She was making soft little sounds as I took her pussy into my mouth. Kissing it before I started licking from the bottom to the top.

I loved the taste of her juices, and I kept on lapping at the sweet nectar.

She was moaning now and I could see that she was very close to orgasm.

I took her clit into my mouth, sucking it while I pushed my middle finger into her pussy. I curled my finger searching for her G-spot.

I felt the little hump and spent time stroking it while flicking her clit with my tongue.

"O fuck! Yes, yes!" she screamed.

I battled to keep her still while wave after wave hit her.

I slowed down, kissing her pussy while she came down from the massive orgasm.

I moved up, kissing her softly.

"That was unbelievable," she said between her gasps for air.

"Glad to be of service," I answered between the kisses.

I felt her hand around my cock, and she pushed me back while she climbed on top of me.

She looked a little scared when she looked at my huge cock.

She sat up, squatting over my cock. She lubricated the head with her juices before lowering herself down onto it.

The head found a bit of resistance and then it was in. It was the tightest pussy I ever felt. She slowly lowered herself getting used to the size.

She kept her hand at the base to prevent the full length from entering her. When her pussy lips touched her hand she removed it, and after a last look into my eyes, she dropped down until she was fully impaled onto my cock.

She had a satisfied grin when her bald pussy touched bottom. I held her, marveling at the tight feeling around my cock. I could just come from being in her, but she had other ideas.

Still on her haunches, she started moving up and down, almost removing my cock and then down again until she touched bottom .

It was a wonderful sight with my wet cock impaled into this tight, bald pussy. Her pussy lips were folding out on the way up and then back in on the way down. I could feel that wonderful pressure building again, but I tried to pace it.

I could see that she was coming close, and when I felt that extra contractions in her pussy, we both screamed while we came. She fell down on me. We were both out of breath. I stayed in her not deflating at all, to my surprise.

I heard a knock at the door. I jumped up, throwing over a robe to open the door. I looked back to see if Renae was decent, but she was totally naked on the bed, refusing to cover herself she lay there smiling seductively .

I just cracked open the door to shield the visitor from the bed. It was a woman, only slightly shorter than me, in a small nighty that hardly covered her ass.

Her full boobs were spilling out of the low cut top. I think she was my neighbor.

She pushed past me, and with a quick glance at the naked girl on the bed, she walked through the suite to close the balcony door.

I only then realized that anyone on our deck would have heard our not-too-subtle lovemaking.
