 My wife and I are a pretty "normal" couple although we do have somewhat of an adventurous streak when it comes to our sexual lives. For instance we both enjoy forays to nudist venues when we are on vacation. We are also into fantasies and under the right circumstances we have willingly acted out some fantasies. This story is about one of those times.

We had traveled to our favorite city on the west coast and were anxious to hit a couple nude beaches. After arriving, parking and gathering our towels and whatnot we headed to the nudist area of the peninsula. Once into the area we stuffed our clothing into our backpacks and began looking for a place to set up our beach shelter. It was mid morning in the middle of the week so not many others were in the main gathering area although there was one couple a bit younger than us and who were obviously enjoying being nude by performing yoga postures on the sand. We approached the woman, a lively slender creature who was doing cartwheels, headstands and some more difficult yoga poses. We stopped to watch and when my wife applauded her moves she was invited to join in. My wife is petite, slender and Asian-exotic and the two women were a joy to behold. We chatted with them a bit and the ladies helped each other with some "adjustments" for different poses but eventually we told them that we were going to stake out a quiet place near one of the more secluded sections. 

Once we had our shelter erected my wife laid out her mat and began doing her postures. I enjoy watching and occasionally join her but some of her postures were quite revealing so I elected to just enjoy the show. Even in the further reaches of the beach there were a few other kindred souls that passed by and several even stopped to take in her moves but there was no gawking or other lewd behavior. I admittedly did make a few suggestions to her about holding some of the poses, such as the down dog, triangle and child pose, longer especially those exposures which provided a good view of her nether regions. She humored me, sometimes. It was fun but eventually we settled into the shelter to watch the river and chat. 

When at nude beaches we often share fantasies about what would happen if some nice looking guy approached us and expressed interest in watching my wife closer or even doing more. I have to admit that the thought of watching her putting on a sex show with another guy out in the open has always been an exciting thought and she seems to share my interest in such a prospect. I asked her whether, if there was an opportunity, would she be willing to engage in our fantasy. She responded that if something like that were to become available she would let me make the decisions, her only request being that I tell her what I would let the guy do to her before he did it. She would not say "no" but wanted to know what was coming. That discussion had both of us aroused.

We played for a while doing teasing and touching. At one point she pretended to be asleep while I fondled her breasts and stroked her pussy. I would stop whenever I heard someone coming but she would then chide me by saying that I was "all talk". The next time I heard someone coming I did not move my hands away from what I was touching while she still pretended to be asleep. Late in the morning I had my hand between her legs when a very normal looking single guy came by carrying what looked like a large tackle box but no other fishing gear. He glanced as us, saw what I was doing and smiled. Being emboldened I asked him where the rest of his fishing gear was and he stopped in front of our shelter saying that what he was carrying was not for fishing. He said he was testing some products that he manufactured himself. Being curious and also giving him more time to watch me stroke my wife I asked him about the products. He set the box down, opened it and showed me that it contained hundreds of brown glass vials which contained "essential oils". That got my wife's attention and she sat up because essential oils had become a big interest within her yoga community. 

We introduced ourselves to Tom then he and my wife engaged in a deep conversation about the oils. I could see by the way they looked at each other that there was some chemistry at work so I asked some questions which resulted in him telling us more and offering to explain the different properties of the oils. Eventually he asked if we would like to try some of them, I declined but my wife was game. Using her as a subject he used different oils on different parts of her body or would just have us sniff them while he explained the health or other benefits as well as how the oils "respond" to different bodily parts. Some changed scent when applied to different areas of her body; others warmed the area or caused tingling sensations. 

Looking over the bottles I noticed some were labeled with erotic sounding names such as ecstasy, dark pleasure, passion or loving peace and I asked about those. He explained that some of the mixes were for erotic zones and my wife asked if it would be possible to sample some. Tom offered to let her choose but she asked him to do so. The first bottle he selected was for application to the breasts but when he handed it to my wife she asked him to apply it to her...and he did. She felt the warming and tingling as well as other sensations as he slowly and erotically rubbed it into her breasts. Both Tom and I were becoming aroused by the "demonstrations", a fact which did not escape my wife. She asked what else he had and he selected on for use on a female's "lower regions". "Well what are you waiting for, let's see what it does" she boldly asked.

As part of my wife's yoga equipment we brought an inflatable "bolster" which was a flatted oval cylinder just long enough to reach from under her chin to her lower belly. Tom said it would be best if she were to lie on the bolster facing down so her face and torso were supported. She folded her legs so that her knees cradled the bolster from the sides and her butt was resting on her heels. This exposed her vagina which we both noticed was glistening with moisture. Her butt however was somewhat clenched out of "modesty". Tom poured some of the mixture into his hands and rubbed them briskly to activate the solution then he reached under her bottom and began to gently massage the oil over her mound and over the sides of her outer lips. She kept her pussy shaved closely so his fingers, and my view, were unhampered by hair. He worked slowly and concentrated on the outside. Then he switched oils and began to massage it in between her lips stroking slowly and deeply. It was obvious that my wife was enjoying the experience although other than sensual breathing she was silent. I leaned over and asked her how she was doing and she just purred in response. As he continued stroking and probing between her legs I watched as her whole body relaxed although it would tense up slightly when he touched certain areas. Normally her pussy is tight but more pink was now showing and the whole area was very open and wet. 

Tom's cock was fully engorged by now. His was a long and slightly slender tool with an upward curve topped by a large spongy head. When I leaned over and told my wife I was going to let Tom fuck her she opened her eyes and smiled at me. I took a quick look around the area to see if there were any visitors nearby then said, "Tom, now that the oil seems to be doing its job perhaps you would like to check deeper". He looked at me and I nodded toward his cock. Tom immediately got the point and positioned himself behind her. He pushed his cock down to meet her opening then holding her hips he slowly entered her with little resistance. Burying his cock in her as far as it would reach he re-positioned himself and readjusted her hips so that he could comfortably get into a rhythm. He held her by her hips as he slid in and out. I was fascinated by the amount of her juices coating his cock and dripping out of her with each withdrawal. 

Soon he moved his hands to her ass and spread her cheeks so he could plunge even deeper. He slid a thumb into her crevice and began to probe her dark back door slowly pushing deeper into its tightness. Pointing to the oil case he asked me to find a vial labeled "dark pleasure" then had me pour a few drops onto his probing thumb which he worked even deeper into her. I glanced at her face as he was doing this and saw her looking back at me with a smile on her face. She reached for my hand and held it as he worked his cock into her pussy and eventually both thumbs into her ass lubricating and stretching it. Watching his hands reminded me of splitting a ripe peach using thumbs to gently but firmly open the fruit. I brought my face closer to hers and said "I think you are loose enough to let him take your ass" and she purred. 

Then I asked him if he would like to move his cock to the "dark pleasure" area. Without hesitation he pulled out of her pussy and positioned his slickly coated cock to her anus and slowly pushed the head into the opening he had created. I watched the head mushroom and then almost pop into her. Once in he held still so she could get used to the intrusion. Slowly he pushed about an inch more into her then pulled back using short strokes. I could see her trying to shift her ass to take in more of the length of his cock but he moved back to only allow one to two inches of penetration. Looking at me he said "I am going to cum" and I told him to "fill her up". Spasm followed spasm and she moaned as he engorged her ass with his cum. When he finally extracted his cock a final spasm shot cum half way up her back. She continued to orgasm after he had finished and then with a final sigh sank into the bolster. I watched her ass to see if the cum would drip out but she had clenched it tightly holding all the fluid in.

Nothing was said until Tom recovered and said that he had to get back to his business but handed us his card and told us that if we were interested in getting some of the oils she had experienced he could arrange that. Then he left. I asked her if she would like me to clean her back and backside off with a towel but she said she liked the feel which was made me kind of hot. She did not object however when I ran my fingers over and then probed her pussy and ass. Finally we made our way back to the car and headed to our B&B for a rest. Later that week we did arrange to pick up some of the oils but that is another story.