 Let me start by saying I've never been a swinger or even a lover and now that I'm older, sex is something we seldom even think about let alone have. My first wife and I got married right out of high school and we were both virgins on our wedding night. In the fifth year of our marriage, my wife was killed in a car accident on the freeway. She was my rudder always steering me toward success and happiness. After she was gone, I found myself, if not lost at least floundering.

I knew Leah from work and although we weren't close, sometimes we talked in the break room. She was a few years younger than I was and had a reputation as, how can I say this, having a free spirit. There were rumors of affairs and on site dalliances but I felt that because she was unmarried she had a right to do as she wished. Although you couldn't say she had a good figure or that she was especially pretty, I always considered her to have a sexy way about her. I personally felt I was out of her league and never thought her to be interested in me.

We ended up on a project together out of town and after a successful conclusion when for a drink to celebrate. I drank too much and became maudlin about my life without my wife. To my surprise, she was very understanding and caring with kind words of compassion. She took me to her room and gave me what I could only call a sympathy fuck. We spent the night wrapped in each other's arms and in the morning, we made love again.

Something that started as what I considered a sympathy fuck turned into a marriage that has lasted more than thirty years. Later Leah told me that she had grown tired of playing the field and thought I looked like a considerate person with whom she could have a longterm relationship. No matter why, what started as convenience turned into a lasting love affair.

The sex, ah, the sex was fantastic for me, whereas I had always been just a white bread kind of sex person Leah had tried the whole smörgåsbord. She did things to me I had only dreamed of and some others that I'd never even imagined. She loved oral both to give and to receive and drank my cum as if it tasted like ice cream. She opened my eyes and my libido to a completely new world. We had sex not only every day but also many times morning and night and some weekends we never left our bedroom unless it was for nourishment or liquids. We would make love until my dick was all red and sore and yet I still could not get enough. However, after thirty years, your body grows older, your urges grow slower, and now having sex was almost as an afterthought. That was until Ester came to visit.

Ester was Leah's school chum and from what she told me, the two were quite a pair. They hadn't seen each other since before Leah and I had been together so they had a lot of catching up to do. All day they talked and although they tried to include me in their conversation most of the time, I felt like a third leg. That night we took Ester to see a show and then to dinner. We came home and opened a bottle of scotch, we sat around drinking, and they were still talking about old times. I didn't realize how sloshed we were getting until I notice we had killed the whole bottle.

I remember it started with Ester talking about them playing truth or dare in Leah's bedroom. Then Ester said to Leah,

"I dare you to take off your dress."

Leah said no problem and stood to pull her dress over her head. She then said,

"OK I did mine now you take off yours."

Just like that, I had two women in my front room sitting there dressed only in their foundation garments. I know to you young people that doesn't sound sexy but to my generation it was hot to see a woman dressed as that. The firm material stretched tight across their bodies molding them into hourglass figures with the garter hanging down and attached to their stockings. I would have had an erection just looking at my wife dressed like that but with Ester too, my dick was throbbing.

Ester turned to me,

"OK Saul your turn..." I stood to take my pants off,

"Not so fast, that's not your dare, I dare you to kiss your wife's pussy."

I was stunned but just drunk enough to comply and I knelt between my wife's legs and lovingly kissed her through her damp panties. She ran her hand through my hair and told me what a good kisser I was.

After that it just became a blur, I think next Leah instructed Ester to kiss her pussy and then I was dared to kiss Ester's who first stood to take off her panties saying she wanted to feel my lips on hers. They then had me out of my trousers so they could take turns playing with me to see who could make me cum first. Leah won, as she always knew how to handle me the right way. As I sat there, limp and depleted, the two women still in their girdles got into a sixty-nine position and pleased each other orally. As they brought each other off in front of me, I again became aroused and from there we took it to the bedroom. 

I had never participated in any kind of group sex but both women more experienced than I showed me what I needed to do. Soon I had Ester sitting astride me with me impaled inside her, making her only the third woman to have sex with me. As I was taking all this in, Leah sat on my face facing Ester as I kissed and licked her pussy, she kissed Ester. I could see now why they had masturbated me earlier as now I could last longer. Leah came first and then suggested to Ester that they trade but Ester said no she wanted to feel my sperm inside her. That was all it took for me and I came in a torrent inside my wife's friend. Still sitting on my face Leah leaned over as Ester leaned back on her arms. She began to lick Ester's clit, when I slipped out of Ester my wife took my now soft dick and used it to tickle Ester's clit with it. Soon Ester was screaming in orgasm and begging my wife to stop.

We slept together with me in the middle and both of their arms wrapped around me. Now naked, once what was firm under girdle was now soft and hanging. Yet all felt good against my body, which of course was also flabby and soft. In the morning, Leah invited Ester to enjoy me as she made breakfast. That's my Leah not only OK with me sleeping with her friend actually inviting her friend to enjoy me. I excused myself and went to the bathroom and when I got back, Ester was on her arms and knees with her rear pointing up to me. She said,

"Back door or front door sweetie, take your pick but I like it back door best."

I told her I'd never done that before, wasn't sure I could, and in the end we just did it doggy style. After I came, I noticed Leah was standing behind us watching with her fingers between her legs. She asked if I took Ester's rectum and I told her I was unsure on how to do it so I passed. Leah said we should have breakfast and then she would help me do it to Ester's backdoor.

I guess it was not a pretty sight, three old people sitting around naked eating breakfast but to us it was erotic. Ester wiped butter on Leah's nipple and then licked it off, and then Leah put jam on my dick and held it for Ester to clean. After all this adventure, I was hard again and ready for more. Ester held my erection as we walked into the bedroom with Leah following. I noticed she had a bottle of olive oil in her hand, she told me it was to lube up Ester rear end.

Once again, Ester climbed on the bed on her knees and her ass up in the air. I was instructed to watch and learn and Leah dribbled olive oil down ester's crack. She slowly worked her finger into Ester, then two, then three as I watch in amazement. Yet that was nothing as soon she had her whole hand up this woman's ass. Ester was moaning and sobbing but not in pain, she was in ecstasy as her orgasms kept coming again and again.

"OK Saul she's ready for you," my wife said.

I stood behind her hard and ready while my wife guided my dick inside her friend's ass. Her hand so oily felt terrific and when she put me to her entrance, I felt little resistance as Ester was relaxed and ready for me. I worried about hurting her but as she kept yelling for me to go harder I began to drive myself faster and deeper. I looked up to see my wife at the other end of the bed and she had her pussy in Ester's face. Soon both were convulsing in orgasms and I went off too.

By the time Monday had arrived and Ester had to leave we were all exhausted but happy. Ester kissed me good-bye and told Leah she had made a good catch in me. As they both cried, I suggested that we visit Ester next and Leah called me a horny old man but then said it was a good idea. As she got in the taxi, Ester said,

"I wonder what kind of a dare we can get my husband and Saul to do."