 When I opened the door to Esther's bedroom, Simon had already arrived. With a little gasp, Simon's eyes dilated and worked their way down my fit 19-year-old frame, before flicking briefly over to meet Esther's eyes with a small smile. Esther was lying on the bed, listening to something on her Walkman. Simon glided over to me, touched me on the arm, and leaned his body into mine to whisper in my ear: "I've been waiting for the night you came."

I turned to look at Esther: ginger curls, framing a delicate, open face, well developed breasts, and slim hips - the match of Simon's, who possessed a supple boyishness, marred only by his rebellious, new-romantic haircut. Simon's cheek bones emphasised his tight body, slim hips and gracefully shaped limbs. 

Esther lifted her long eyelashes and examined Simon and my bodies touching each other, as if seeing us together for the first time. Her smile flickered briefly, as if in jealousy, but was replaced by a hunger which appeared to carry throughout her hot, toned body. With a sigh, she relaxed back on the bed, one hand apparently unconsciously brushing a nipple and coming to rest low down on her torso. My eyes and Simon's followed the movement eagerly, and I felt a muscle in Simon's leg twitch into my leg. His arm on mine increased in pressure, and his breathing became heavier as he tilted his upper body towards mine, leaving his delicate lips within striking distance of mine. 

My eyes remained locked on Esther's as I pushed into Simon's lips, my tongue entering him with a flicker which made his body tense from top to bottom. Esther pushed her hand further down her torso as I explored Simon's eager mouth.

Pushing her hand down between her legs, Esther's breathing increased, and her eyes widened as Simon's hands moved over my taut body, and I cupped the back of his head in my hand, entwining my fingers in the hair at the back of his neck. Esther's free hand released the Walkman and began to massage her right breast, her head tilted back to expose the skin of her neck and upper chest. 

Simon pulled away from my kisses and led me over to the bed, where he pushed between Esther's legs while pushing me towards Esther's upper body. Leaning on the edge of the bed, I placed my hand over Esther's hand pushing towards her honey pot, and bent over to plant gentle kisses on her full lips. Esther's gasping breaths in my mouth aroused my desire to explore more of her body. 

I could see Simon massaging his crotch, while grinding into Esther's groin with his thigh: Simon's eyes were absorbing every element of Esther's and my foreplay as if recording it to replay at a later time. Esther freed a hand to move onto the bulge in Simon's jeans and Simon began to moan quietly and squirm under Esther's attention. I twisted around to stretch my neck over and kiss Simon's parted mouth, while Esther freed her other hand to caress the bulge in my jeans as well as Simon's.

Reaching down, I released the leather belt holding Simon in, and was not surprised at Simon's lack of underwear. I also released my jeans to allow my swollen cock to join Simon's in greeting Esther's attentions. Esther used both hands to massage both our members together, mine shorter but thicker and Simon's thinner but longer. Grasping both cocks in one hand, Esther's other hand slid underneath to bring our balls together in one gentle movement. With our bodies pushed together, Simon and I locked our lips together and with one hand caressed each other's heads, while our free hand travelled around Esther's torso, now tickling her stomach, now massaging a breast or squeezing a nipple, now gently running down her aback and between her soft buttocks. 

Sensing that we were beginning to get carried away in each other, Esther stripped off her clothes and presented herself in front of Simon, kissing him passionately on the lips, while rubbing her crotch against his erect manhood. My equally erect manhood found a natural position rubbing up and down between her butt cheeks, while I firmly grasped a breast in each hand. Esther's continued rubbing up and down Simon's pole resulted in a very warm, luscious butt fuck for me, which was rapidly leading to an inevitable conclusion. 

Sensing my impending climax, Simon pushed me over on to my back and took my cock in his mouth. Esther moved around and straddled my face so her now dripping pussy was positioned over my face. As she began to gyrate her wet slit over my mouth and eager tongue, Simon licked up and down the length of my shaft, swirling his tongue around my helmet, back down the shaft to lick my balls, which he lifted so he could continue licking right down to my puckered hole. With a quick flick in and out, he returned to my throbbing dick, but also managed to rub both balls and my hole with one hand. 

By the pressure on my chest, I figured his spare hand was caressing Esther's cracks, front and back. Judging by her moans and writhing either he or I was producing the desired effects. Esther's increased responses stimulated me and Simon both in a crazy feedback loop. Simon twisted himself around, so he was lying on the bed alongside me, which allowed him to keep blowing me, while Esther could reach down and jerk him off. 

In a short time, it was Esther who blew off first, with her juices spurting around my tongue on her clit and over my face to run down my neck, which pushed me over the edge. I thrust my length into Simon's mouth, ramming my cock down his throat with cries of "Oh God, Oh God, I'm coming!"

Simon responded by increasing the pressure of his mouth on my dick as if to signal that he wanted me to stay inside his mouth, and pushing against my anus with one hand and running his spare hand over my torso and chest. Unable to hold on any longer, I felt my balls tighten and the first spurt of cum shot out of my cock and down his throat, followed by several more. Simon drank it all up enthusiastically, pushing against my arse and gently squeezing my balls as if to drain every last drop. 

Esther's still dripping snatch was pushed hard against my face and I grasped her behind and pushed my tongue deeper inside her as I came again and again in Simon's mouth, who sucked my cock eagerly of the last residues of man juice.

At last I dropped back onto the bed with a final shudder and Esther relaxed over me, draping her full breasts over my face and rubbing her crotch over my body splattered with her juice and my cum.

Esther and I continued to toy with the not yet satiated Simon, teasing his dick, balls, nipples and arsehole as his eyes roved over Esther and me. Esther lifted off me to take Simon into her mouth as I pushed my fingers in and out of Simon's butt. One leg in the air to encourage us, Simon began to groan and heave under the attention. As his breathing intensified, he pushed us both off, inserted himself between my legs and pushed his swollen shaft between my butt cheeks. The feel of Simon's head nudging my anus aroused my passions again. Simon dripped my cum out of his mouth onto my butt as lubricant, pushing first one finger, then two into my ready but virgin arse. Moaning with hunger I was rewarded with Esther again straddling me, but this time positioning her dripping crack over my erect member. Pushing my hands back above my head, she plunged herself on top of my pole, driving it deep inside her, just as Simon pushed himself through my pucker and inside me.

To be inside Esther and have Simon inside me was an ecstasy beyond any other. As Esther began to pump up and down on me, still with my hands held above my head, I could offer no resistance as Simon began to slide in and out, each time pushing deeper and deeper. As Simon began to lose control he grunted and rammed me harder and harder, matched by Esther riding up and down my eager cock.

With no control over myself, or Simon or Esther, I abandoned my body to the moment and rode overlapping waves of pleasure from my butt filled with Simon's love stick, to Esther's wet snatch rubbing me off, combined with Esther now dangling her breasts so that her nipples rubbed roughly across my nipples. To top it off, Esther began to tease my mouth with half kisses, kissing my lips and allowing a little of her tongue to enter my mouth, and then pulling out as soon as I responded.

Simon reached one hand down between his body and Esther's to pull on my balls, while his other hand toyed with Esther's plughole, flicking a finger wet with her juices in and out, but never with enough attention to bring her to climax.

Simon's control of the situation brought him to climax first, with a final deep push inside me, he cried out and released his stream of warm juice deep into my love tunnel. Simon's climax led to Esther's second deep cumming, with a screaming, wild squirming on my shaft resulting in me releasing another load into Esther's pussy with a fierce shove inside her.

When all our tensions had been released, Esther let go of my hands and rolled off to lie alongside me. As Simon pulled out of me, he leaned over to lick my cum and Esther's juice off my cock, which left Esther in prime position to lick Simon's cum off his cock, and me able to stretch far enough to lick the combined juices off Esther's hairy snatch.

Wriggling around left us positioned for a three-way kissing session, combining the tastes of all three of us.