 Paris would have been my first choice, With perhaps Rome or Amsterdam second. But Hamburg? It was hardly tourist-land. But Wendy's name had been on the entry form and she had chosen Hamburg.

"We've been to all the others." She said.

It had been one of those "You have been chosen..... " things, which come through the letterbox most days. I had always thought that nobody actually won anything. Wendy had been in one of her 'enter everything' moods and had won second prize. A long weekend for two in either Amsterdam, Brussels, Hamburg, Paris or Rome. She had chosen Hamburg.

"But the only thing Hamburg is famous for is the red light district." I had protested. 

"Yes." She replied. "I have always been curious and we would never go there at our own expense, so here's our chance."

She was right of course and there is a lot more to Hamburg than I had thought.

But this is not a travelogue.

We had arrived at the Hotel late afternoon, unpacked and were ready for the fleshpots. There is a good underground railway system and we took the 'tube' to Sankt Pauli, close to the docks and in the famous 'Reeperbahn'. It means "Rope maker Street", echoing Hamburg's maritime history. Reeperbahn is about a kilometre long and for most of it's length, both sides and the small side turnings are devoted to commercial sex. Sex shops, strip clubs and bars, cinemas, peep shows, live sex shows, shop window brothels. You name it. It's there.

We strolled down one side and back up the other, sampling as we went. We had a drink in one bar offering a live sex show. A bored looking couple were performing on a raised platform in the centre, fucking unenthusiastically to the beat of the loud music. Leaving there, we entered the sex shop next door. Sex toys, magazines and DVDs catering for every taste (and dis-taste) were available. At the back there were cubicles where you could watch the films in private, boxes of tissues were provided to clean up after your wank.

In another sex shop, the cubicles housed girls who, for a few Euros, would masturbate while you watched. For a few more she would provide hand - service for you.

In 'Grosse Freiheit', (Great Freedom) one of the side streets, were located the night clubs. Not yet open, but with photo's and multi-lingual descriptions in glass cases outside, advertising the, quite expensive, shows. We decide to visit one the next evening.

We tried to enter what appeared to be a sort of sex shopping mall, but were stopped and advised that it was 'men only'. Wendy insisted that I went in to have a look, it was still light and she felt quite safe alone. Inside, once my eyes had accustomed to the gloom, were rows of girls, wearing anything from nothing but high heels stockings and suspenders, to full bondage gear. As I came close to each one, after checking what language I spoke, told me in explicit terms what was for sale.

"You can fuck me in the cunt, in the mouth, in the arse or I can wank you with my tits", sort of thing. The prices were remarkably low.

I managed to emerge with still full, but by now, aching balls and described the experience to Wendy. The street girls were now taking their pitches, they are not allowed on the streets until evening. We had one more promenade to see them, then decided we would go back to the hotel for a meal. I needed to work off some of my hornyness and suspected that Wendy too, was ready for it.

The hotel meal was fine, if somewhat bland. Back in our room, we discovered that the television had several porn channels as well as the more conventional ones. We undressed and got into bed. A film was just about to start. It was in German of course, but close ups of giant pricks being sucked, sliding into oily cunts and spraying generously onto naked female flesh needs little translation. The film was well made, properly lit and in sharp focus.

We did not get to the end, my own prick was acting as a tent pole under the bed sheet and before long, Wendy had it in her mouth. As horny as I was, I knew that I could not hold back for long and I wanted to come in her cunt, not her mouth. I pulled her off, spread her on the bed and gave her some of the same treatment. She was running with juice and wide open for my oral caress. I lapped at her juices, then starting right down at her perineum, slowly drew my tongue along the slit until I reached her stiff clit, then took it between my lips and sucked. She came like a train, she had been as ready for it as I was now.

I squirmed up between her thighs and urgently pushed my prong at her vulva. She took charge and fed it into herself, I was ball-deep in a single thrust. I tried to make it last but her hole seemed to be milking me. With a grunt of release I sent my seed hard against her cervix. She was holding me tight against her, convulsing in passion. I think that she was still on the orgasmic high that my mouth had given her.

"I needed that." She declared, after I had rolled off, panting heavily.

As I fought to get my breath back, Wendy shushed me.

"Listen, she said, "what's that?"

I listened. From next door came the unmistakeable sounds of sexual congress, a rhythmic grunt as someone was being steadily rammed.

"Perhaps they are watching a film?" I suggested.

"No, no, lie still, you can feel it as well as hear it."

She was right, you could feel the wall moving. Someone was enjoying what we had just enjoyed. Wendy got out of bed and disappeared into the bathroom, re-appearing with two toothbrush glasses. She handed one to me and pressed the other between the wall and her ear.

"Wendy, really!" I scolded.

She shushed me again. "There are more than two of them," she whispered, "two men and a girl I think."

I positioned my glass close to hers, sure enough, there seemed to be a man's voice encouraging the rutting couple. As we listened, the girl came noisily, her lover accelerated his thrusts until he gave a great groan as he, presumably, ejaculated. It was quiet for a moment or two, then voices again, then the humping started again. Wendy looked at me wide-eyed.

"She's getting seconds," Wendy marvelled, "This group sex is not just in the shows!"

She took the glass from my hand, rolled me onto my back and straddled my hips. She held my rekindled tool upright and after kissing the tip with her moist cunt lips, eased her well lubricated love tube down onto it. She leaned forward, arching her back to bring her clit against the top side of my rod and began to slowly ride it. Her heavy breasts swung gently in time to her movements. She gradually synchronised her strokes to the rhythmic pounding from next door. I moved my head down to grasp at her penduluming tits, occasionally capturing a stiff nipple and sucking on it until it escaped my lips. It was the only movement I needed to make. She was fucking me.

She was breathing heavily, mouth slack, eyes glazed, face and breast flushed. Clearly on the verge of orgasm. She bit her lip, not wanting to climax until our fellow-fuckers did. She did not have to wait long. Cries from next door seemed to crash through he wall above our heads. Wendy let go, screaming loudly, jerking wildly.

"Come in me." She yelled.

I seized her hips and began to ram upwards into her writhing body, racing to cream her while she was still coming. The spunk seemed to scald me as it shot. I too cried out as all the tension released, pouring out through my prick into Wendy's clasping quim.

I did not remember any more until I woke up next morning. I could hear Wendy in the shower. I stretched luxuriously, enjoying that lazy, don't need to get up, feeling. Guiltily, I pressed a glass to the wall above our bed. Nothing. Not even snoring. There was a soft knock on the door and Wendy emerged wrapped in a white bath robe to accept the breakfast tray.

As she placed the tray on the bedside table, I made a lunge for her. She pulled away. 

"Not a chance," she said, "I'm clean, you're smelly. Eat your breakfast and have a shower, then we'll go out. It's a lovely day."

I did as ordered, when I came out of the shower, Wendy was dressed and looking glumly out of the window. It was raining hard. It seems that the Hanseatic weather is as fickle as our own.

I tried to cheer her up. "Let's stay in this morning and try all the Hotel's facilities, Gym, Sauna, Jacuzzi, Swimming Pool."

She brightened at the idea, fancying the Sauna and we made our way down. We took swimsuits and towels from the room. The attendant solemnly handed us bath robes and told us that we should use the towels, which she also provided. We separated into our individual changing rooms, arranging to meet in the Sauna. I wrapped a towel around my waist and headed for the Sauna, hoping that it was empty so that Wendy and I could enjoy some Scandinavian style frolics.

I was disappointed to find the room occupied. Two men about my age were sitting on the lower 'shelves' and a lovely blonde woman was stretched out on her back on the upper level. All three were stark naked.

"Oh! I'm sorry," I stammered, "I should have knocked."

My eyes were glued to the magnificent body of the woman, even lying on her back, her breasts were firm enough to form two delicious mounds , each tipped with a large, dark pink teat. She was shining with fine sweat. She had piercing pale blue eyes which she turned on me.

"English?"

It was more a statement than a question. Before I could answer, the door opened and Wendy swept in. Unlike me, she sized up the situation immediately. She peeled off the white towelling robe she had been wearing, revealing her own lovely curves, gave me a little kiss (Establishing ownership.) and said, 

"Good morning. I'm Wendy and this is David. We are from England."

The two men rose to shake hands, they were Manfred and Peter. The girl held out her hand.

"Eva."

She said. I almost kissed her hand, but settled for a shake. I'm glad I did, I enjoyed the way her tits wobbled as we shook hands. I suddenly felt silly, being the only one with any covering. I removed the towel and sat down in one movement, in an attempt to conceal my thickening manhood. The heat was oppressive at first and my errant probe soon went back down. Wendy took the other top bench.

In almost perfect, if accented, English, (or rather, American,) Eva led the conversation. They were from Dortmund. They worked for the same company. I was later to learn that Eva owned the company. The 'boys' as Eva referred to them, were salesmen and had won a very lucrative order for the company. Eva had taken them to Hamburg for the weekend as a reward. I was almost certain that they were our bonk-buddies from last night and that Eva was part of the reward.

I could not tolerate the heat and said that I must leave.

"Yes," said Eva, "we too must leave, we have had enough heat. Now we will swim."

She led the way, followed by Wendy. I was the last out, just in time to see Eva emerge from the deep, cold plunge pool. Her skin was covered with goose pimples and her nipples were hard, pink bullets. Wendy went next, gasping at the sudden change of temperature. Manfred and Peter 'kindly' let me go next. Had I not been in company, I would not even have considered it. The water was icy, chin deep and agitated by a powerful water-jet. My balls tried to take refuge inside my body and my cock tried to follow them. I leapt out, numb with cold. I watched the other two dunk themselves and was pleased to see them similarly affected.

We had to go to past the dour attendant to get to the pool and were informed that we should wear swimsuits there. Apparently nude was de rigueur for the Sauna, but not for swimming or the Jacuzzi. The swimming pool felt positively hot compared to the plunge pool. I swam a few lengths then headed for the Jacuzzi. Soon, all five of us were sitting in the circular tub. For some reason, this was time limited and when we were asked to vacate, we agreed to meet in the lounge for coffee.

The men were first to the lounge by a good fifteen minutes, during which we chatted. They too, spoke excellent English. When the ladies joined us, Wendy was still looking flushed, perhaps too long in the Sauna? By the time we had finished our coffee, the sun was shining again. Our new friends suggested that we take a coach tour of the town, leaving plenty of time for shopping later.

Eva asked how we planned to spend the evening. Wendy began to look slightly agitated. I said that we might visit one of the live sex shows.

"You must come with us," said Eva, " as our guests. We can show you the best, not known to tourists and we can have dinner at the same place."

Wendy was clearly concerned about something.

"Have your tourist day." Said Eva. "Meet us in the bar at 7:30. If you decide not to, that is not a problem."

As we stood to leave, Eva said to Wendy;

"Speak to David about our conversation."

Back in our room I quizzed Wendy. "What was that about?" Wendy told me about the discussion in the ladies room. it went something like this:

Wendy - "I enjoyed that."

Eva - "Me also. I also enjoyed last night"

"What do you mean?"

"We could hear you fucking your David last night, we have the room next to you."

"Oh that. Yes, we could hear you too."

"The walls are so thin. Bad for such an expensive Hotel. You had two fucks. I also had two, one with each of my boys. Did you ever fuck with two men?"

"Not at the same time, no."

"It's wonderful. We were all tired last night, but when we are not, they each fuck me many times. As one finishes, the other is ready. Sometimes I have the two together, one in my mouth and one in my cunt. It's better still with three, you know, the other hole as well. It's wonderful. You should try. Perhaps I will lend you my two boys, or perhaps swap. I would like to fuck with your David."

"Don't the boys have any say?"

They would not say no, you are very beautiful, they would enjoy fucking you. Will you agree?"

"I will talk it over with David." Wendy concluded.

Well now she had. My mouth had been open all the way through her story. I licked my lips. I was amazed. We had never considered swapping. We had what you might describe as an open marriage. Not wide open, but flexible.

It had started about a year after we were married, I went away with my company on a 'team building' weekend. Instead, I had built a team of two with an attractive married woman from the buying office. It had been a drunken coupling in her room. I could remember little of it next morning, I just woke up in her bed.

I suffered from a serious bout of remorse and told Wendy about it. She was tight lipped for a few days, both above and below the waist, but seemed to write it off. Some weeks later, we were at a party and Wendy appeared after being missing for about fifteen minutes, looking very smug. She linked her arm through mine. "We're even." She smiled.

I knew what she meant and was mortified. We made our excuses and left. The taxi ride home was silent, but once in our own home, Wendy was keen to describe her experience. It had been a 'knee-trembler in the garden. They had snogged and he had fished her tits out of her blouse and sucked them while she rubbed his hard-on through his trousers. She had removed her knickers, unzipped him and taken him standing up against the wall, one leg hooked over his hip. She would not tell me who.

Instead of being annoyed, I was highly aroused. I had a prize winning erection, which did not escape her attention. We stripped there and then and fucked violently on the kitchen table.

We agreed then, not to go looking for it, but not to turn it down if offered. It also had to be in situations like parties, not when we were apart. Wendy got the best of it of course. Men seemed to sense her availability. But I have had my share. It's surprising how many women will drop their knickers in comfortable social surroundings. Part of the agreement is that we must describe the experience, in graphic detail, to each other. It has spiced up our own sex life enormously. If we had a 'dry spell', i.e. no extra - marital sex, for any length of time, one of us would say, "Do you remember when you....." and then re-live, with embellishments, what was remembered of the others tale.

So. What did I think about Eva's proposition. I fancied Eva like crazy, but the thought of Wendy being pegged by two virile studs at the same time? We agreed to do our sight-seeing and decide later. While on the coach trip, I leaned close to Wendy and whispered yes. She gave my prick a little congratulatory rub through my trousers. I was exceedingly hard.

Our new friends were waiting when we came down to the hotel foyer. They surprised us again by leading the way to a chauffeur driven stretched Mercedes which whisked us in luxury to Sankt Pauli.

The club was, from the outside, unobtrusive to say the least. There was a sally - port in the door, our hosts had to show proof of membership before the door was opened. We were signed in as guests, Eva used a card to pay the heavy entrance fee for the five of us. We were led to a quite small, circular room, by a stunningly beautiful girl wearing a long, white sheath dress which was so sheer she might just have well been nude. The thrust of her breasts and nipples were un-obscured. Even her navel was detectable through the thin cloth.

Tables were arranged in a horseshoe shape around a small dance floor. There were three tiers of tables each raised above the others so that each had a clear view of the dance floor. Chairs were on one side of the table only, for the same reason. The other side of each table had a privacy curtain, in heavy, dark red material. Most of the tables were for two, but some were pushed together to accommodate larger parties. There was space between and in front of the tables to allow the waiters and waitresses to do their thing. 

Around the outside, there was a long curving bar with high stools. About a dozen girls in varying attire, but all as revealing as our usherette, were perched on some of the stools. They were, explained Eva, highly talented, but very expensive prostitutes. Any unaccompanied male was approached and offered company for the evening, the hour, or the night. In fact we were asked by the usherette if our 'third gentleman needed a companion. We declined and took our, front row, seats. Our usherette went to join the other girls at the bar.

The head waiter, in full evening dress, materialised at out table, and presented menus while a waitress hovered to take drinks orders. She was in evening un-dress. She wore high heels, stockings and suspenders which disappeared tantalisingly up the legs of black French knickers. A tiny apron completed the ensemble. Pert little titties bobbed as she moved. Peter ordered two bottles of 'Sekt', German bubbly. The waitress bobbled off to fetch it

We selected our meal and sipped sekt while a few couples danced. The food arrived, served by waiters wearing tight boxer shorts, aprons, white cuffs and black bow ties. There chests were completely hairless.

The food was good, accompanied by the sekt and a sexy black singer, singing, we were told, very naughty songs. By the end of the meal we were relaxed and happy, ready for the cabaret. The girls excused themselves to visit the ladies, Manfred leaned over and said:

"I suggest that you make a pinkel, you will have an erection for the rest of the evening which may make you uncomfortable."

So the three of us trooped out to the loo. There can be no equal to that toilet. The urinals were pink and shaped like gaping vulvas. As I stood at one of them, water softly trickled from it's pee-hole in an automatic flush. At the hand basins, the soap dispenser was a miniature sculpted woman, knees raised, legs apart. You pressed either tit and her open cunt dispensed soap! The 'tap' was a slack penis which peed warm water when your hands were under it. There were large CCTV screens, currently displaying only the empty dance floor and the decoration was highly erotic, showing every imaginable sexual act, both hetero- and homo-.
