 Some years ago now we lived in Turner on a street with a number of nice bungalow type houses. Almost all the residents were seniors in various states of immobility or ill health. It is not so surprising then that we made friends with the only other young couple in the street. We occasionally ate together and sometimes went on excursions to local beauty spots. The husband, Gerry, had a sporting accident but was otherwise quite handsome. I sometimes wondered if my wife, Sue, didn't fancy him a bit. She said she didn't and I think I kind of believe her because he wasn't actually a very nice person. He was a know it all who didn't like to be corrected! His wife, Eva, seemed scared of him. 

The trouble was that Eva was a flirt. She flirted outrageously with me, looking at me with big eyes, licking her lips, making comments with clear double meanings. Sometimes she even stared at my crutch and winked, but only when Sue wasn't looking. Sue never seemed to mind, because it was so outrageous. I found it a bit embarrassing at first, and I thought she was just trouble. It changed though and I'll tell you why! One evening Eva and Gerry came round for a drink and some nibbles. It had been hot and so both the girls were wearing short summer skirts and Gerry and I were wearing shorts, T-shirt and flip. I could have sworn that Eva wasn't wearing a bra, which was probably not so necessary for her because she wasn't a very big girl in that department. I forget what we were talking about but it was on a subject where Sue and Gerry did not agree and they were having a serious go at each other. They were not really paying attention to Sue or myself. Sue was sitting opposite me and very slowly she pulled her legs up onto the chair her feet apart and knees clasped together. I got a very nice view of her white cotton panties stretched nicely over her pussy so that a hint of the crack was visible. She winked at me.

I thought that I'd better call her bluff and so I said I'd get some more snacks and refresh the drinks. I asked Eva if she'd help me. I'm not it really registered with Sue and Gerry. So Eva and I went into the kitchen. I asked her softly: "Can I have your panties?"

She tried to look surprised but only succeeded in looking mischievous and said: "Whatever for? Do you cross-dress?"

I smiled and replied: "No, but I do go for early morning runs. I usually don't wear too much and I think tomorrow morning I'd like to do my run wearing your panties. I mean ONLY your panties."

It was true that many fine mornings at around five thirty, just as it was getting light, I did go for a run. Sue wasn't awake and no one was up at that time. Mostly I ran in a loincloth that I'd fashioned from one of my wife's strings. Just enough to be decent! One morning, after a skin full the night before, I had actually done the run naked. Only on one run had I ever seen anyone and that was far off. The danger of being spotted was more from the roads but most of the run had a lot of wood cover should I hear the sound of a car. Just one spot was very open but in summer running along the storm drain made you almost invisible from the road. To return to my story! Eva said: "Do you want them now? If so you'll have to take them yourself."

I wasn't sure whether or not I was courting disaster but I could still hear Sue and Gerry arguing in the sitting room. So I knelt down, lifted Eva's skirt and started to slide her knickers down. She gave a slight start and then what sounded like a sigh, so I carried on until they were down around her ankles. She helped me by stepping out of them one leg at a time. I could only admire her bush fleetingly and so when I had stuffed the panties in my pocket I lifted her skirt to get a better look. She obviously took care of her vagina. Her inner lips did not protrude meaning that her fanny, which she must have had waxed, was as smooth as a little girl's. Just above the slit she'd trimmed her pubes to the form of a landing strip. Her pussy looked inviting so I started to lick her fanny. She pushed me away and said: "I think you're getting ahead of yourself, don't you? Anyway we need to get on with the drinks and snacks and you need to let the rather obvious bulge in your shorts subside."

She was right I had developed a boner and I heard Sue call for the drinks. It was all very well for Eva to tell me to wind down but not more than ten minutes later she took up the pose she had before, but this time with no panties. Lovely pussy! I felt my cock begin to throb again and Eva didn't help by looking at my crutch and smiling. Eva avoided me for most of the rest of the evening but just as she and Jerry were leaving she whispered to me: "Five thirty tomorrow morning then?'

I just nodded. Whilst we were clearing up Sue said: "Did you have an erection back then?"

"I'm afraid so", I replied, "Eva was doing her tease act."

"Look! I've noticed that she likes to lead you on, but believe me it won't lead to anything!"

I left it at that, but hid Eva's panties in the porch where Sue wouldn't think of looking.

Next morning I was up at dawn and at five thirty, dressed in Eva's panties and my trainers, I set out on my run. I did not know what to expect but just on the off chance I walked slowly up to Eva and Gerry's house and up the path towards the front door. I noticed movement through the living room window. This was a picture window that stretched from floor to ceiling. I was in two minds to bolt! I thought: "In for a penny in for a pound!"

I crossed the small front lawn to the window and was relieved to see that the movement I'd seen was Eva and not Gerry. She was in the middle of the room looking at me with a smile on her face. She was wearing a semi-transparent shift and she looked absolutely beautifully sexy. She started caressing her breasts. I started stroking the bulge in her/my panties. After a minute or so she turned round and lifted the shift over her head. Then she turned around again. She may not have had big breasts but they were perfectly formed. My erection continued to grow, almost without me having to stroke it, until my cock got too large for the panties and popped out of the waistband. I saw Eva smile a naughty little smile and put her hand in the panties she was wearing and apparently started rubbing her pussy. I continued stroking my rod and was feeling really great. The panties were becoming restrictive so I bent to take them off and when I stood up again I saw that Eva had done the same. There she was stark naked rubbing her clit and there was I stroking a boner such as I hadn't had in a long time. We stood there, on opposite sides of the window, pleasuring ourselves. I stepped closer, onto a little flowerbed just in front of the window, and put my cock up against the glass. Eva bent down and licked the other side of the glass that my prick was touching. Then she stood up and I could see that she'd inserted a couple of fingers into her cunt and was intent on reaching a climax. I had to be careful not to cum too soon, but continued stroking my shaft and occasionally fondling my balls. 

After a minute or so Eva lay down on the floor with her legs spread and started to jerk and spasm as she reached her climax. That caused me, with the help of a few more thrusts, to ejaculate. It wasn't just a little - it seemed to gush in streams over the window. I was still wringing the last drops out of my now deflating cock when Eva stood up, picked up her night things, blew me a kiss and left the room. Still dribbling with cum I put her panties back on and continued with my run. I only wondered when I got back how I was going to wash the panties without Sue knowing. 

We didn't see Jerry or Eva socially for the next couple of weeks, but then I bumped into Eva in the local food store. We chatted as if nothing had happened. Only when she was about to leave did she ask me when I was going for another run. The good weather had continued and I had been on the run several times but there had been no movement behind the picture window. I told her that I had planned to do the run again the next day. I was a little surprised when she asked if she could come along. Of course I agreed and she said: "You'll be wearing the same I suppose? What should I wear?"

I replied: "A long T-shirt and nothing else."

She nodded and said: "OK. See you at five thirty tomorrow."

I wasn't sure she meant it but, sure enough, the next morning as I arrived at her house in her, still soiled, panties there she was in a long T-shirt. We jogged off slowly, but soon picked up speed. I realized that Eva was one fit lady. In a way she was rather boyish with short dark hair and a slim but muscular figure. She had a small nose but a wide sensuous mouth. The first part of the run was through a few thinly populated streets where the houses were well set back from the road. All you could hear was the padding of our feet and birdsong. I ran behind Eva for a while so best to admire her trim little arse moving underneath the T-shirt. The next part of the run was over a largish, grassed area. I sprinted passed Eva and performed a somersault. My intentions were so obvious, but even so she did the same. As I'd hoped, at the peak of her somersault, her shift slid down revealing her beautiful body with a glimpse of cunt. We carried on running and she winked at me. My cock began to swell. After the grass field came a stretch of woodland, which contained some sturdy training apparatus. A set of hurdles, a shoulder high exercise bar, parallel bars, a balance bar and a rope attached to a tree for climbing practice. I went over the three hurdles first so that I could get a good view as Eva went over. It was worth it even if the glimpse of pussy was only fleeting. On the shoulder high exercise bar I did a few turns including a short handstand, ending up hooked with the underside of my knees over the bar. From that position it's difficult to get down elegantly but I'd done it before, so it was no sweat. It seemed that there was a highly competitive streak in Eva and she repeated pretty much my routine. She ended up upside down but in her case with her T-shirt over her face, almost touching the ground. This exposed fully her truly beautiful body. Thighs, buttocks, breasts - everything a guy might dream of.

Whist she was upside down with her fanny fully in view I went to stand in front of her and started to eat her out. Well I started by licking her labia, eventually pushing my tongue inwards and upwards until I was licking her clit, which became quite prominent as I continued. I really dig cunnilingus, but especially when the girl starts to reach orgasm. I also realized I was on the wrong side of her for the best effect, because I was licking towards the anus rather than the Mons. So I went to the other side. It was a little uncomfortable because I had to push my face under the bar between her legs, but it was worth it, firstly because I could get more pressure with my tongue on her clit and partly because I could cup and fondle her breasts with my hands. After a while her breathing started to get a bit ragged but I had one more trick because in that position I could get my thumb into her arse. There was a sharp intake of breath followed by a contented sigh so I carried on and soon I had to hold onto her to stop her falling off the bar. She was wriggling and making mewing noises when there was a final grunt and I could feel her vulva contracting as she came. Luckily for me she wasn't a squirter, because I'm not so fond of that.

It took her a little while to come down from the high and getting off the bar required my help. I should say that by this time I was fully erect, my shaft and glans were sticking out of the panties and the meatus was glistening with precum. When she'd regained a bit of breath she said: "Wow that was great big boy. Now it's your turn. You get up on those parallel bars. You'll find it goes easier without the panties."

So I stepped out of the panties and got onto the bars, the way she seemed to want, with my legs and arms over the bars. Totally defenseless with my cock sticking up in the air! I need not have worried though because soon her mouth was enclosed over my corona and she started on a blowjob. She was good at it. Sue is pretty good but Eva had a better technique t stimulate the frenulum or maybe it was just the unusual position. Sue doesn't like swallowing and I wondered about Eve's preferences but I was totally helpless and so when I came after only a minute or so I shot into her mouth. Rather than looking startled she just grinned and kept swallowing until there was no more than a dribble left. As she released my rapidly deflating dick she just said: "Delicious. Thanks very much for the breakfast. Here let me wipe your dick."

Which she did with her panties, adding that she needed to wash them anyway! I just burst out laughing. When I got down from the parallel bars we carried on with our run. This took again through grassland. Of course I was stark naked now, but there was still no one about. The home stretch went partly a long a storm drain, meaning we were not so visible from the road about 300 meters away. About halfway along Eva lifted her T-shirt and opened her legs to take a pee. Although I thought I was done for the morning, if not for the day, my cock thought otherwise and was stiff again. I came up behind her and fondled her breasts trying to push my stiffy between her legs. I realized she must be quite wet and so I expected easy entry. Instead she pushed me away and said: "No pokey-poke. That's not on today's menu. Besides I suspect Sue will need some attention when you get back."

I was a little disappointed but Eva had a point. Sue wasn't an early riser but if I went back to bed I knew she'd want sex, and it would be almost unheard of for me not to be ready. She might get suspicious, although she knew that I sometimes masturbated on my morning runs. When we got back to Eva's house she said: "That was great we must go jogging again sometime."

We occasionally did but although we had a lot of fun she never let me fuck her.

Christmas passed and Sue and I saw little of Eva and Gerry, but they invited us for a New Years get together. We grilled outdoors. The weather's hot at New Year in Australia. Probably I drank too much because, by one o'clock, I realized the other guests (there had been eight of us in total) had gone. I needed to wake up and so I said: "How about a midnight streak around the block?"

This was a bit inconsiderate of me because Gerry had broken his leg and was still in plaster. Eva said that she'd join if Sue did and informed us that Gerry would stay home. So I stripped off and Eva followed suit, Sue seemed to be hesitating but then joined us. We dashed off out of the front door, which closed behind us. The girls giggled at my dangly thing as it bounced about whilst we ran. Eva's tits were small and firm but Sue was somewhat larger and so her boobs bounced around in a most attractive way. Sue trimmed her pubes but she didn't stylize them like Eva, she had a cute little V of hair hiding her labia. Going round the block meant going round the school and through the school grounds. About halfway round there was a playground. I was lagging behind, at the time deliberately, to get a good view of two gorgeous backsides. When I caught up the girls were on the two swings. It was dark but there was a half moon and anyway the skies were so clear you could almost see by starlight. It was light enough for me to admire the fannies that were on display. At first it was only Eva that did this lewdly and provocatively but soon Sue was also showing all she had. Despite the booze my dick started to respond. Sue said: "Come here Dicky! You can do better than that!"

She sometimes calls me by that nickname. Especially when she wants sex. She took my shaft in her hands and slid here mouth over the growing head. I'm circumcised and, like many cut guys, the ridge of the glans is the widest part. If that goes in then the whole shaft will go in. Eva asked if she could have a go and, perhaps because she'd also had a skin full, Sue said yes. I remembered Eva's previous blowjobs and realized I was going to have trouble not coming. After a while it became clear that the girls were teasing me because when I started to approach climax, they changed places. Sue was rubbing my scrotum and pushing a finger towards my anus when I couldn't hold it anymore and I shot my load into Eva's mouth. Sue realized what had happened and asked Eva if she like the taste of semen. Eva said she did and that, in addition, she enjoyed swallowing it. Sue grunted and said she'd never got used to the idea of swallowing a load but perhaps she should try it. They decided we'd better get back so they both licked my still dribbling cock clean and off we went again.

Eva was running ahead of us when we got back to the house and headed for the back door. In our part of town back doors were always open! With much laughter we went into the sitting room where we had left our clothes. I was glad my dick was flaccid and dry because Gerry was sitting there waiting for us. I didn't know how he'd take it if I returned with a boner glistening with cum. I shouldn't have worried though because he said: "I should take a photo of you three."

Sue didn't seem to object and Eva just clapped her hands and giggled. Gerry went off to get his camera. Photography was as hobby of his and he was good at it. I'd seen some of his work. So we posed for him. I was in the middle with an arm on each of the girl's shoulders. After a while Eva turned sideways so that her tits were brushing my chest. She straddled my leg and started grinding her fanny on my thigh. All the while Gerry was taking photos. When Sue noticed what Eva was doing she started doing the same on the other side of me. My cock started to thicken. Gerry just kept saying it was great and we should carry on. He suggested that Sue hold my shaft. She did so and then Eva cradled my balls. This was feeling very good and I now had a full, almost painful, erection. In a way it was lucky that I'd already shot a load because otherwise I would have cum there and then. When Eva had her turn at holding my shaft Sue knelt down and started kissing and then licking the head of my prick. Eva asked if she could have a go as well and so both girls were down in front of me kissing and licking my cock. Sue was rubbing her pussy and she was clearly very wound up. Eva noticed this and, to my surprise, gave Sue a long lingering kiss. Initially the girls were each side of me but then Gerry wanted them to play with my dick from the front. This way he could get some photos displaying their bums with a glimpse of cammeltoe.

Eva took me by the shaft and pushed the head towards Sue's mouth. Sue opened her mouth to take the head and I could feel her tongue rubbing the frenulum. Gerry must have got some good shots of the action but never the less he wanted a repeat for some close ups. Then he asked the girls to swap so that Eva took my cock in her mouth and Sue help to guide it in.

Eva leant back onto Sue, who cupped her breasts whilst I rubbed my throbbing cock against her pussy lips. Gently back and forth taking care to glance the clitoral hood on the fore stroke. Gerry said: "Good! Great! Now push the head of your dick into her cunt. Just the head!"

I was amazed. I was effectively fucking his wife whilst he took photos of it. Then he told me to push it all of the way in and hold it there. Eva was starting to enjoy things and tried wriggling around on my dick trying to get my pubic bone to rub hers Mons. Gerry told her to stop it and change places with Sue. So we did the same thing! First the head of my cock outside Sues cunt, then with the head just inside and then with the shaft in up to the hilt. Eva started stroking Sue's clit whilst I kissed her. Gerry didn't want any of us getting off just yet and asked us to do some sandwich poses. Me between Eva and Sue (or visa versa) with my hard member either riding the cleft between the bum cheeks or with it poking out the side. Then he asked me to enter Sue from behind whilst she licked Eva's cute little tits, and sucked her hardened nipples. Anyway you've got the idea! We were going through a full porno shoot, which ended when Eva was riding my cock and I was eating out Sue. I blew my load for the second time that evening and that caused Eva to climax which in turn caused Sue to come some ten seconds later.
