 I thought about some sort of introduction here, but the best thing for you to do is go read the previous installments. Get to know me well and you won't be exactly surprised, but it will expand how you think of me. You want to do that! 

A week after I'd discovered that lady loving was a wonderful part of life, (and a few more shared orgasms), the four of us living together in our dorm room decided to go out clubbing. Me? I'm Paula Oort, 5'8", 38DD boobs, a good hard body and long legs. Then there was Gwen Wong, our Asian-American roommate stood 5' tall, had a mouth like a sailor and a penchant for cigars. Sheila Goldberg was our six-foot-tall roommate with long legs and arms, an athlete's build and a wicked sense of humor who always managed to find the humor in any situation. Those two shared one bedroom in our suite, and Mary Sue Green was my roommate (and had been my lover for the past week.) She was almost stereotypically average at 5' 4" -- although when it came to knowing her way around another woman's body, she could fill books! She had been teaching me intensely all week, although we hadn't let on to the other two. 

I started all this out back in the first installment, saying I'd share about being a slut and having that be a good thing. Since I had yet to come out to the girls, I decided it was time to get daring. 

I stand relatively tall at five-foot, eight inches, and I'm long-legged and slim. I do have a firm butt (from exercise), but not one of those obscene big booties. Before I left home, I'd done a lot of nude sunbathing, so I don't have any tan lines -- and while I haven't shaved my kitty, I have kept it neat and trim. Like the hair on my head, my fur is blonde. As for my pussy itself, I'm really happy with the way the outer lips are defined and the inner lips peek through them. So, I guess you could say I have a cheerleader body. I've been told that I'm beautiful, and I decided to listen to those telling me instead of what I have to say about it. I'm not a knock out. I don't think I'm a head turner. But I'm definitely a beautiful woman with a good body. And I like to show it off. That's what I've been trying to say, I guess. 

In getting ready to go out with the girls, I decided to go for it; I'd be safe with the three of them around and so I could get as audacious as I wanted. And I really wanted it! After I came out of the shower I dried off and dried my hair. I decided it was definitely a no bra and no panty night, and as I did my pussy began to get wet. I went over to my closet and found the perfect dress -- it had a low neckline, so more than just the top of my boobs showed. It draped on my tits, and the look changed when my nipples were erect. The fabric itself was a bit transparent and covered with silver spangles. The bottom only came half way down my thighs, and was cut on each leg so when I walked, I showed off my body from the waist down on the outside of my legs. With no tan lines, the look was very tantalizing, since it someone would have to look hard and determine if I wore a thong or had gone commando. Exactly what I was looking for!

When I came out of my room, I got wolf whistles from all three of the girls. I bowed, and gave them a good view of my boobs, including the nipples. That move drew gasps! Then I turned around, put my hands on my knees and began to move my hips. The hem began to flap up and down, and pretty soon I knew I was showing off my ass and my kitty. The girls were in hysterics at that point! Gwen was the first to speak up.

"Girl, I'd say it looks like you're looking for cock! I always wanted to dress like that, but I never had the nerve. Hot, hot, hot!"

I turned back around. "Well, tonight's the night! You could go commando. Even bra-less. You're among friends -- you want to go full-slut with me I think it'd be fun!"

Sheila spoke up. "Aren't you worried about getting a reputation?" 

"Nope. I already know people are going to think what they want. They want to think I'm an easy lay because I dress wild, well hell, I am anyway! I'm not going to play prim and proper and coy when I'm not that. When I go out, I'm going to want to get laid -- so I'm leaving out the BS. I'm not going home with anyone tonight -- this is really just advertising!"

"Shit! I never thought of it that way." She said. 

"Stick with me girl, I'll teach you a thing or two."

Mary Sue chimed in. "That's for sure! She's good teacher!"

I looked at her to see how much more she was going to reveal. I gave her a look that tried to say "go ahead and share if you want." She winked back.

At that point Gwen came back in the room and had obviously taken my suggestions. Without a bra her nipples were huge. I thought they were literally going to poke through her dress! 

"Very nice! Love your nips! And down below?"

She turned her back to us and bent at the waist, spreading her legs and showing off her hairless twat and puckered bunghole. 

"I feel so, ah, naughty! And it's fun!" Twirling, her skirt rising above her waist. 

"Sheila? Mary Sue? Either of you have anything you need to say?"

Sheila hesitated, then spoke up. "Well, I'm not sure I'm ready to look like a slut, but I'm sure as hell going to hang around with two of them. Who knows what it will lead to!"

She high fived each of us. Then it was Mary Sue's turn. 

"Should I put my panties back on?" She flipped up her knee length skirt to treat us all to a flash of the trimmed dark pubic hair. She grinned at the three of us. 

"The only problem is that looking at all this pussy has me wet and horny."

"Hungry, too, I'll bet." I said. Gwen's eyes lit up, and Sheila was silent. "We'll see about that after we come back. About coming after we come back." That got a good laugh. 

At that point we shut the lights and left. Gwen had grabbed Mary Sue's arm and was talking quietly in her ear. Mary Sue nodded as they walked. Sheila walked next to me.

"Does that mean that Mary Sue...?" 

"What? That she likes to eat pussy? Yes, it does. So do I, for that matter. At least, when I can't get hold of some meat that is. You ever tried it?"

"I've thought about it. Hell, I've begun to think really hard about it."

"Good enough. You definitely should indulge instead of wondering. Nothing wrong with going both ways."

"Oh. So that's what that phrase refers to!" She grinned. 

"Did you really not know?" I asked.

"Not for sure, but I had a hunch." 

"You should try it -- Mary Sue turned me on to it, and I think she's recruiting Gwen. I'll be gentle and you'll love it!"

"Mary Sue may not have to work very hard with Gwen. She's hinted at it, and not only did I catch her checking me out, but she's been masturbating to lezzie porn. I don't know if she thinks I can't see it -- I mean, I have been pretending to sleep -- or what. But something tells me that the four of us may eventually be very, very close friends."

I was surprised and delighted at the same time. Gee, college really expanded one's horizons! I let my imagination loose for a minute, and envisioned the four of us mouth to pussy to mouth to pussy to mouth to pussy...and I almost tripped and fell over! It almost had me turn us all around and head back to the suite, but I remembered I had other plans for tonight. 

"You okay?" Asked Sheila.

"Oh yeah. Just got an image of the four of us..."

"I did too, actually. Think we should turn around?"

"I already decided that -- no. We have other fish to fry tonight!"

We all manage to get to La Boheme Club on our feet, and I think all a bit damp between the legs. At least, I know I was! After paying the cover charge, we went inside. It was a dance club. Loud, thumping bass, flashing lights and a huge dance floor. Since it was Thursday, it wasn't all that crowded. We grabbed a table and I ordered us a round of Tequila Shooters. It was going to be our drink du jour. 

As we polished off the first round, Gwen ordered the next one and War's "Low Rider" came on and I could feel it in my pussy. I grabbed Gwen and we got up to dance. 

"You ready to get bad and have fun?" I asked.

"Hell yes!" She answered.

We both threw our bodies into it. We began dancing and trading moves. She shook her hips and strutted -- I did the same. Then I bent over, intentionally showing off my boobs, and shook -- she followed. Then she put her hands on her thighs, arched her back and began pumping her hips. I thought "here we go" as I did the same, flashing my naked ass and pussy while showing off my girls. I loved the feel of them moving to the music, and when she faced me and did the same, we told each other about the reactions we could see.

"Holy shit, Paula, you've got an entire wall full of folk staring at your ass! It's amazing to see! There's a couple of girls looking down their noses, another two licking their lips, and every guy I see behind you has a hardon. They're all trying to be cool while adjusting their pants! Wish I had a camera!"

"It's pretty much the same behind you Gwen. Shit, I see at least one girl fingering herself -- her legs are spread and she strumming her clit like a fan! And there's a guy at a table stroking his dick. Work it!"

We kept it going for the entire song, knowing we were being watched and that was affecting folks made it even more fun. The next tune wasn't one I knew, but the bass line was funky and sinuous and it just got me hotter. I didn't know what else I could do since I was already showing off all my goodies, but I just kept watching the room behind Gwen and kept seeing signs that we were inspirational. Or seductive. Or just plain pornographic -- but whatever you call it, there was a lot of genital gesturing going on!

"Holy shit, Paula! There's a table back there with two black guys surrounding a white girl, and she's stroking some big cocks! They're messing with her pussy at the same time. It's really hot!"

"How are Sheila and Mary Sue doing? Can you see?"

"You aren't going to believe this, but they're swapping spit and Sheila's got her hand up 

Mary Sue's skirt!"

"Good for her! Mary Sue will return the favor, I know."

"Is she...?"

"Hell yes! She turned me on to it -- you should try! See the titties? These nipples? I'm available -- and you've got plenty to offer me."

"Oh my god! Really? I've wanted to, I mean, I've fantasized. But I didn't want to upset anyone."

"Girl, the only upset would be for you to be completely straight! We are all gonna get good at pussy munching. Muff diving. Lip licking -- whatever you want to call it. But I also want cock! Any good ones behind me?"

"If by good you mean big -- yeah, I see some major bulges there. How about behind me?"

"Well the only ones that aren't must be the gay guys. Looks like an assortment of sizes -- you can have your pick."

With that I threw it all to the wind and grabbed her head in my hands and started sucking on her face. We wound up in each other's arms as the song ended, and made our way back to the table. 

Sheila and Mary Sue were both red faced. We were all feeling our hormones at that point. 

"Well, we have a decision here. Do we stay or go? It's pretty clear we are all up for being more than friends." We nodded to one another. "What say you, ladies?"

Gwen was first. "Since it looks like I know I will be coming home to some special friends, I think I want to stay and see what I can uncover here. Okay? We all nodded.

Mary Sue spoke next. "I think Sheila and I are heading back. She needs to lie down and get some special attention." We all laughed. Sheila actually blushed!

I spoke next. "Tongues don't' go deep enough to scratch all my itches. I want to stay and see if can find something hard to handle. I'm staying with Gwen and we'll see you later. 

Be safe -- text me when you get back." We had been warned to be safe, and I took it seriously."

Mary Sue ordered one more round and we all clinked glasses. Before they left, I gave each of them a deep kiss -- one that left no doubt to anyone looking that we were more than just friends. Gwen followed suit and we waved them goodbye. 

Without warning, another round of drinks arrived at the table, followed by two large dudes with obviously enlarged packages. I glanced at Gwen and she gestured as if to say "what the heck, let's see." 

Sitting down, they introduced themselves as Jake and Hank. Both local boys, third year students, on the rugby team -- and pretty nice to look at. They were both about six two, 200 pounds with broad shoulders and large hands -- always a good sign. 

"Can I ask you ladies something personal?" Said Jake. We nodded.

"We noticed you seemed to be more than just friends with the two girls who left. Have we got a chance with you?" 

I laughed out loud. Gwen smiled in amusement. 

"Well, gentlemen, we dressed the way we dressed to see if we could interest members of your species. Or maybe that was the members of members of your species. We are both very open to lots of things -as long as they are pleasurable. Now it's my turn to ask questions. You ready?"

They looked at one another and nodded. 

"Have you guys got documentation? Neither of us like rubbers, so if you can't prove you're DDF, then vamoose!"

Both of them grinned and reached into their pockets to hold up paper. We could check them closely when the lighting changed. 

"Next question -- how much meat are you packing? Under eight inches and you might as well walk away!"

Jake took my hand and held it under the table, guiding it to his crotch. He was clearly larger than my minimum daily requirement. I saw Hank do the same with Gwen, and she nodded to me after a moment. 

"Well, it looks like we've come to a meeting of the minds. What say we blow this pop stand?" With that we got up, threw money on the table to cover the drinks and tips, and made our way to the door. It was interesting to see the long faces on some of our "fans."

Once outside, it became a matter of deciding where to go. Thinking safety, I did two things -- I asked to see those papers they'd shown a few minutes ago and read them carefully. They were legit. And the other thing was ask them to pay for a hotel room. When they agreed to that, we got in their car and drove to one of the chain hotels in town. 

I insisted on splitting the cost of the room. They were surprised and began to argue and I put a stop to it. 

"Look, guys, if we all pay, then we all have a say it what happens. If you pay, I suspect you'll think you are in charge. Well, we aren't your slaves, concubines, whores or whatever you want to call it. We are two grown women who like sex, so it's our way or the highway. Understood?"

They looked at each other and, after a moment, nodded. Gwen looked at me with an approving smile on her lips. Damn it, I wasn't about to be bought, and besides, I had some things in mind that I might otherwise never happen. We split the bill for a night, and went up to the room. I got a text from Mary Sue and Sheila -- they were home and about to be undisturbable, so I let them know where Gwen and I were, and that we would probably not be home until late. Or until morning. I suggested brunch about 11am so we could trade stories, and by then we were at the room. 

It was a motel room. No big deal, right? Nice enough to have two queen sized beds, a large bathroom and even a couch. Nothing fancy, but private. 

"Okay, Hank. Here's what we want -- we want to watch you undress Jake."

That brought them both up short. They appeared to be about to protest, but Gwen spoke first.

"Look, guys, we know you got turned on watching us with each other. That was kinda the point. Well, just so you know, we're want to watch too. Both of us have been wondering what it would be like to watch two good looking studs with each other." She looked at me and I nodded. "Well, that's the price of admission for you. We'll return the favor, by the way. But you first."

They paused, looked at each other and shrugged. Hank moved over Jake and began to unbutton his shirt for him, but real quick like he just wanted to get it over with. Just like a man!

"Slow down, Hank. You know the old saying, fake it till you make it? It might not turn you on to do this, but consider that it's getting me all wet watching and anticipating. The more believable it is, the more I'm going to want to outdo you when it comes our turn." I said. 

A light went on for him. He took a deep breath and turned back to his buddy, and suddenly seemed interested in teasing Jake and arousing him. Gwen whooped in delight! I chuckled. 

Jake got the shirt unbuttoned, and then unbuckled Jake's belt to remove the shirt. He moved behind his friend and took it off, laying it aside. Now Jake was there in a white t-shirt stretched tight over some impressive pecs, with his belt unbuckled. His eyes were closed, and there was some evidence further down that maybe he was enjoying this more than he thought he would. Hank reached around him to unfasten the button on his pants, drop the zipper and slide them off. There was a significant bulge in the tighty-whiteys he wore. 

For his part, Jake let his hands wander over his friends' body. They lightly ran over his chest, down his stomach, and fleetingly over his obviously rigid cock. He was pressed into Hank's back, making full contact with him and now breathing in his ears. This was fun to watch and very arousing. Gwen was rubbing one hand on her chest as she watched. I was just getting wetter and wetter. 

Hank kicked off his shoes and stepped out of his pants. Then he surprised everyone (maybe himself as well) by turning around and kissing Jake deeply. After a moment of surprise, they started getting into it. I grabbed Gwen's free hand and pulled it to my crotch at that point!

Jake pulled back a bit and removed Hank's shirt. He ran his hands up the sides of his chest, and then back down, taking the waist band of the briefs and pulling them down. The way they were facing, all we could see was Hanks's white buns and muscular legs. As he stepped out of the briefs there were glimpses of something very substantial, but he kept his back to us. He was teasing us and doing a damn fine job! Gwen had two fingers deep in my pussy and I was pulling on my own nipples. 

Then Hank began to undress Jake. He took even more time with the buttons, and he slid the shirt off his buddy while running his hand over Jake's chest. No undershirt -- just beef cake! Deeply tanned, well-muscled, he looked good enough to eat! My mouth was watering. 

Then came the pants, and I wish we'd thought to record it. I can still see it now. Slowly undoing the belt, Hank's hands weren't casually touching the bulge, he was seriously caressing it. Then he unzipped his buddy and in one motion pulled down his pants and boxers to reveal a gorgeous six pack above a very large, uncut cock. And then he turned to face us and we were finally witness to two very fine-looking male athletes, both of whom had big fat cocks. Hank was circumcised, Jake wasn't. Hank was a little longer but Hank's was thicker. 

They were watching Gwen's fingers fly in and out of my pussy. I stopped her with some difficulty, stood up and shrugged off my dress. Gwen did the same. "See, guys, how easy it is? You're obviously enjoying yourselves. We're enjoying watching -- so now, let's play a new game. You can sit on the couch -- we'll sit here on the bed. And it's simple. If you want us to do something, you have to do it first."

I watched as they thought about it. There was surprise. Then some questioning. Then there was that moment when they both went with it. I could tell because they grabbed each other's cocks and began stroking. Gwen let out a moan. 

"That's it! Gwen, I bet they want us to play with each other. Spread those legs, girl!"

With that we placed a hand at each other's cunts and began to play. Neither of us needed and foreplay at that point -- I was already dripping, and I discovered that Gwen was also wet. We began to finger fuck one another as the guys were stroking each other. I wondered if they would take the next step. My eyes were watching their cocks and my pussy was getting hotter and hotter. It was more and more difficult to keep my eyes open and not simply surrender to the feelings Gwen's fingers were stirring up. And then it happened. 
