 Chapter 1 - Her first three way

(...Cue start up theme to old Dragnet TV show.... Cue announcer...)

"The story you about to read is true...only the names have been changed to protect the perverted."

I had been living with Eva for almost 3 years when I finally convinced her to bring another woman home from the bar where she worked to have sex with both of us. Eva was about thirty with mousy brown hair, tiny sagging boobs but with a beautiful pear shaped ass. She had been married/divorced years before and by all accounts had not experienced much of a sex life up until she met me. Over time I had patiently exposed her to some more exotic sexual styles such as orgasms (!), anal, bondage (with her submissive), and, later on, even some water sports when she was tied up. She liked it when I would tie her hands behind her back, blindfold her, gag her and then put her through various bondage positions. She also seemed to like a little humiliation along with some light pain. I would tie her up on her knees with her ass up in the air and insert household items up her butt while I masturbated. Then I would fuck her ass and, after I came, I would march her into the tiny bathroom, put her on her knees in the tub and pee all over her body, on her face and even into her mouth. Sometimes I would sit on the toilet and have her kneel in front of me. I would grab her head and push it between my legs. Then I would piss on her face and into her mouth, forcing her to drink some of it. After I finished peeing, I would get up, go around behind her, and fuck her up the ass while her head was still in the toilet and the toilet seat and lid were closed down on her head. One of her favorite positions was for her to lie on her back and then have me sit on her face looking at her feet. Then she would eat my asshole for hours on end while I fingered her clit and inserted dildoes into her pussy and asshole. For a finale, I would move my asshole to the tip of her nose and she would force her nose up my ass and lick my balls while I jacked off. However, I digress.

While she agreed to (and enjoyed!) all of the sex things I had shown her, I could not convince her to bring home another woman to have sex with both of us. Then one evening during dinner, unexpectedly, she suddenly looked me straight in the eye. 

"I think I found someone," she said.

"Found someone for what?" I asked.

"You know...a woman...someone to bring home...like you're always asking me to do?"

"Oh, really," I croaked, "What's she like? "

She said the woman was a very nice looking woman who was maybe 7 years older than she was, had a great figure, dressed conservatively and worked as an office assistant. She often came into the bar and would sometimes leave with a man but she had confided to a few people that she also liked the occasional woman. She had Joined Eva outside of the bar one evening for a smoke break when Eva had just blurted out, "Would you like to spend the night with me and my boyfriend?" Eva said Lita (that was her name) just smiled and continued to take drags off her cigarette. 

After a few uncomfortable seconds of ogling Eva's body, Lita had stomped out her ciggie and said, "Sure, O.K... when?"

Taken by surprise Eva mumbled, "I'm not sure....I'll let you know, I guess."

We decided to make the date for the following Saturday. As Eva cleaned the house like a demon during the week, I sat around thinking of what I would say and do when she got here (I was sure that as the 'guy' I would be expected to keep things moving along).Eva went to work at the bar as usual on Saturday and the time seemed to crawl by as I waited at the house. Finally, about 2:30 a.m., I saw Eva's headlights coming down the road followed by another pair of headlights. "Oh shit..." I thought, "This is really going to happen!" I heard them talking and giggling as they walked from their cars to the house. Screwing up my courage, I opened the door gallantly. "Welcome beautiful ladies." I said. And, with a bow at the waist and flourish of my arm, I bade them to enter.

"What a nice place!" Lita tittered as she walked in. 

She was as Eva had described her. She was plain looking, wearing a business suit with a very short skirt. She had short brown hair and what looked to be a good body stuffed underneath all of those clothes. I mixed their favorite cocktails and we sat around for a while talking and laughing about the bar and some of its more colorful patrons. I offered a joint and Lita cautiously took a hit of it and passed it around. Then I asked if she would like to join Eva and myself in taking some 'blackbirds', which were prescription amphetamine pills Eva and I had taken from her mom's extensive collection of 'legal' drugs. After all, it was almost three in the morning and no one wanted to get drowsy, did they. Lita, Eva and I all swallowed one pill apiece and continued our small talk.

When I felt the pill coming on I decided it was now or never. Downing my drink, I stood up. 

"Well now, we all know why we're here," I announced. "Why don't we go into the bedroom and get better acquainted? ". Eva and Lita looked at each other and, to my great relief, finished their drinks and got up to join me.

Before they had arrived, I had already lit a couple of scented candles and a warm glow permeated the bedroom as we entered.

"I think we should start off by giving our guest a special Welcome to Our House Massage, don't you Eva? ", I said. Eva nodded her agreement. "Well then, why don't we all strip down to our underwear?" We all started stripping, darting glances at each other as we did. I was pleasantly surprised (as was Eva I am sure!) to see that Lita was starting to reveal a very hot looking body for someone her age. Her breasts were full and her ass very inviting indeed. After we took in each other's bodies for a short time I said, "Lita why don't you lay on your back in the middle of the bed...Eva you get on one side of Lita and I'll lay on the other." Lita lay down where I asked and Eva and I took our positions on either side of her, propping ourselves up on our elbows facing Lita. "Lita," I said, "Why don't you raise up a little so Eva can undo your bra? ". Lita rose up and Eva pulled one of her bra straps down off her shoulder. I then did the same to the other strap and Eva reached around Lita to undo the bra clasp. Lita lay back down and I had Eva slowly pull her bra entirely off. "Oh! You have very nice tits Lita! ", I told her as the milky white tits poured out from the bra. She had large, dark brown nipples that were just starting to crinkle up. Eva was staring intently at the inviting feast.

" Now, Eva, I'm going to massage her left tit, then I'm going to kiss it all over, then lick and suck on the nipple," I said, "I want you to do the same to her other tit. " I began my rubbing and nuzzling of Lita's left tit, rubbing the areola and pulling it between my thumb and fingers all the time watching what Eva would do with the tit on her side. It was now or never! Eva studied what I was doing, stared at the tit for a while, then cupped it in her hand and began to gently rub her cheeks and face against the white mound. After a few minutes of this she wet her lips then started to softly run them and her tongue all around the entire boob and finally across the stiffening brown nipple. In addition, after kissing the nipple all over, Eva opened her mouth to take it inside and suck on it while she squeezed the entire breast. Lita was moaning softly with her eyes closed and starting to move her hips in rhythm with our actions. As I watched, Eva started to enjoy her self on Lita's luscious boob my cock escaped from my underwear and when my dickhead touched against Lita's thigh, she groaned and opened her legs slightly. 

"Oh yeah, "Lita whispered, "Suck on my fucking tits... suck on them HARD! " 

Eva and I both obliged her and started to suck harder, even use our teeth to pull on the large brown tips. Without taking my mouth off Lita's boob, I reached over, took Eva's hand from Lita's tit, and slid it down towards Lita's crotch. When our hands reached Lita's under wear, I cupped her pussy mound on the outside of her panties with Eva's hand in mine. Lita groaned and pushed her throbbing cunt up against our hands as we rubbed her pussy slit. I looked at Eva and, although she still had Lita's tit in her mouth sucking on it, her eyes glued to our hands on the underwear as I forced her hand and fingers to explore another woman's pussy for the first time. With Eva's hand still firmly in mine, I dipped our hands down into the plastic band of Lita's panties. As our fingers reached her wet, hairy pussy, I could feel how her pussy started to suck on our fingers. I started pushing Eva's middle finger into the slippery tunnel. 

Lita gasped, "Oh FUCK YES... rub my fucking CUNT god dammit... finger-fuck my pussy good and hard! " 

With two of Eva's fingers firmly entrenched in Lita's cunt I removed my hand and nodded to Eva as if to say 'Go on...finger her fucking cunt, baby' and she started a medium rhythm in and out of Lita's pussy. I got to my knees, rubbed my cock on Lita's tits and then presented the head of it to Lita's lips. She sucked on it hungrily as she pulled on her own nipples. I could see that Lita's panties were hindering Eva's hand movements so I took my cock out of Lita's wet, sucking mouth. 

"Eva," I said, "I want you to go down to the foot of the bed and help Lita take her panties off. Then I want you to take all your underwear off and lay down between her legs so your face is right over her pussy." 

Knowing what she was about to be made to do; Eva slowly removed her finger from Lita's pussy and moved to the foot of the bed. Lita raised her legs and Eva peeled off Lita's panties and then her own panties and bra. She stretched out on her stomach between Lita's legs so she was face to face with the other woman's pussy. 

I pointed to the top of Lita's pussy hair and instructed Eva, "Now, I want you to start here and slowly kiss her cunt all over. Then I want you to kiss all the way back to the top of her ass-crack then back up to her clit. When you get to her clit spread her pussy lips, put your mouth over her clit, suck, and lick it until I tell you to stop. "

Eva stared down at the wet, undulating, hairy crack. She looked up at me for a reprieve and, getting none, she took to the task. She very softly lowered her face into Lita's moist pubic hair and rolled her face from side to side a few times, inhaling the fragrant scent of another woman's pussy and feeling the forbidden softness for the first time. She started gently kissing at the top of Lita's pussy hair and began working her way down her pussy slit, over her 'tween spot and towards Lita's butt-crack. Lita raised her legs and butt to give Eva a clear shot at her ass crack and I noticed that Eva lingered awhile when she got to Lita's hairy, brown, puckering asshole (I knew she would!). Eva reached the top of Lita's ass crack and started kissing her way back to Lita's clit. When she got to the clit area, she gingerly parted Lita's vulva and began licking her engorged clit with just the very tip of her tongue.

"OH FUCK...YES!" Lita yelled as she pulled her own nipple from her lips, her eyes wide with pleasure. "Lick my fucking clit god dammit...SUCK on it! "

Lita popped her own nipple back into her mouth and began pulling furiously on her other nipple so hard I thought it would tear from her boob. Eva put her whole mouth around Lita's vulva and, by the looks of her bellowing cheeks, started to lick and suck on it at the same time. "UHggnhhnnh!" was the sound from Lita's tit-occupied mouth as she began a serious humping of Eva's face.

On her own, Eva again slid two fingers up Lita's slickened pussy for the second time and started to finger-bang her as hard as she could while she ate the other woman's' pussy. I could also see Eva start an unconscious grinding of her own pussy on the bedspread. "FUCK, FUCK!" Lita exclaimed as her nipple popped out of her own mouth and she grabbed Eva's head with both hands. "You are gonna make me fuckin CUM GOD DAMMIT!" I looked down to see Eva's face buried nose deep in Lita's pubic hair and noticed her eyes getting wide as she was starting to run out of air. "You fucking twat, take my fucking cum you fucking bitch!!" Lita screamed. And with that Lita make one last, hard hump against Eva's face, held her quaking hips in the air for about a minute then collapsed them back down on the bed with a loud thump, letting go of Eva's ears and letting Eva's lungs get some much needed air.

Not wanting anyone to lose momentum, I instructed Lita to scoot over and had Eva take her place lying on her back in the middle of the bed. I swung my legs over Eva's head and placed my knees on each side of her shoulders with my head facing her feet. 

"Suck on my fucking balls! " I ordered Eva. "Put'em in your fucking mouth! " 

I lowered my balls and Eva immediately began a vigorous sucking of my hairy balls as I jerked on my rock hard cock. Lita was lying on her side watching all this and playing with Eva's tits and pussy. I grabbed her head and forced her to start sucking my dick. What a feeling! Things were going very well! I told Lita to lie on top of Eva's spread legs so she could rub her clit against Eva's hot mound. After she got into position I pulled my balls from Eva's mouth, moved my anus over her lips and without any goading at all she started to moan loudly into my asshole as she sucked and tongued it. "Yeah, that's it... eat my fucking asshole!" I moaned as I grabbed Lita's head again, pulled it to my cock and began loudly fucking her mouth. After a few minutes of this, I let go of Lita's ears, grabbed Eva's ankles and spread her legs as far and as high as they would go. I jerked my asshole from Eva's sucking mouth and put the center of my wet, crinkly asshole on the very tip of her nose. Eva threw her head forward and began to wriggle her nose as deep as it would go up my ass as she licked my shifting hairy ball sack. I had Eva's nose in my asshole, her tongue on my balls and Lita's mouth on my cock while she fucked Eva's hot slit with her clit and pulled on Eva's nipples at the same time. "Goddamn, "I thought, "It doesn't get any better than this! "

After awhile in this position, I thought I felt an orgasm start to come on so I jerked Lita's head off my hard, swollen cock and told her to change places with me. I got off Eva's face and Lita replaced me putting her swollen, dripping pussy just inches from Evas face. Eva reached up, grabbed Lita's waist and pulled her asshole down to her waiting lips and tongue. "AHH... FUCK YEAH!" Lita cried out as she fingered her clit and humped her ass on Eva's face. Instead of fucking Eva, I laid down beside her so I could watch the hot action going on down in Lita's crotch area. Eva was making slurping, sucking noises like she was tasting butterscotch for the first time and I was diddling her clit as hard and fast as I could. I rose up and whispered in Lita's ear, "Put your asshole on her nose...she'll do the rest." She did as I said and a moan exited her lips as Eva began nose fucking her sweet asshole and darting her tongue in and out of her sopping pussy.

I began to formulate another idea. Now, as a background, I should tell you that the one thing Eva could not stand was for someone to stick a tongue down her throat while she was having sex. Or at least she PRETENDED to hate it! I did it once while we were fucking and she tried to buck me off as hard as she could while trying to remove my mouth from hers. I was puzzled until I felt a hot rush of fluid over my cock. She had just had the most intense orgasm I had ever seen her (or any other girl for that matter) have. When I got off her, she was pissed! "Don't you EVER do that again or you'll be sorry!" she screamed at me. I guess that she was angry at having something make her come so easily against her will. She was so mad that in the name of household peace I said 'O.K.' and never repeated that action again.

Now I had an idea. I whispered to Lita to turn around and fuck Eva's face until she came and then rub her cum all over Eva's upturned face. I told her after she was done I would straddle Eva's face and shoot my load into her mouth. Lita turned around and started an intense face fucking of my girlfriend. Lita fell forward onto her left elbow and with her right hand she grabbed Eva's' skull and came all over her cunt-sucking face. Lita rose up, rubbed her ample cum on Eva's face, and made her lick the remaining splooge out of her dripping pussy. As soon as she finished I straddled Eva's face and told Lita, "Lift her head up so I can shoot off in her cock sucking mouth." Lita raised Eva's head until her open mouth was even with my pisshole. As I was about to cum I hissed down to Eva, "Stick your fucking tongue out and keep your cock sucking mouth open after I cum...don't fucking close your mouth 'til I say its O.K... got it?" Eva nodded as best she could just as I let fly with a bucket of cum into her waiting mouth. You could hear an audible 'Splat' as it hit the back of her mouth. "Keep your fucking mouth open." I told Eva as I squeezed out the last drops on her face.

I swung my body off of Eva's chest and told Lita, "Lay on top of her...tit to tit and clit to clit...like your gonna fuck her." Lita took her place on top of the still open-mouthed Eva.

"Now grab her head with both hands. " Lita complied and I continued, "Now lick and suck my cum out of her fucking mouth." And, before Eva could react, Lita threw her mouth on Eva's and started sticking her tongue as far as she could into Eva's mouth to get at all of my cum. Eva's reaction was what I predicted. Not being able to move she bucked as hard as she could, trying to throw Lita off. "MPHMUHTFHP!" was all Lita could hear and she took both that sound and Eva's bucking action as a sign to not only continue what she was doing, but to intensify her actions. Lita began to fuck Eva's pussy with her clit while she licked the entire inside of Eva's mouth and throat. Eva finally gave up, wrapped her legs around Lita's back and they both came like rutting wildcats.

Afterward, we all three lay on the bed, sweaty and exhausted. 

"You two really know how to have hot, dirty, filthy sex. " Lita mused. "I wouldn't mind coming back some time."

Oh, you will, I thought to myself, you definitely will.