 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

"If you tease them tonight like you usually do then I am not going to stop them doing whatever they want." I said quietly. "Not only that but if they fuck you tonight, then you know they will want to do it again whenever they see you, and I wont stop them then either. Not them or any other guy you have teased come to that. You just cannot keep on teasing guys the way you do and not expect consequences."

"Oh you know how much I enjoy teasing them." Eve laughed.

"Yes I know you do babe but they will only take so much. And I am going to make it plain to them that the only one who will stop it is you. Not me like I usually do."

"Mmm could be interesting." Eve said.

"Yes well I hope you can manage the 6 of them." I laughed.

Eve put her arms around me and kissed me. "Maybe your right. And just maybe that is what I have always wanted." Eve said, "You know deep down I love being a slut."

"Maybe I should have just told them to fuck you right from the start." I laughed

"Maybe you should have." Eve gave me that 'you may have been surprised' look. She went off to get ready for the party.

Eve and I had been together for more than ten years. I knew she was a cock teaser right from the start and was happy to let her play. She had the build for it, wonderful firm 38D tits broad hips and a slim waist. She also had very quick changes in mood. Eve came from a middle class family and married me not just because she loved me but it thrilled her to know that I was lower class and proud of it. Eve loved slumming it as she put it. And sometimes she would slum it too, especially when she was in slut mode.

What put her in slut mode? Men making it obvious both in language and actions that they wanted her naked and on the end of their cocks. Eve loved having her tits groped and would rarely ever stop a guy groping or even sucking them, even fingering her fanny. Depending on circumstances of course. The six guys mentioned were our closest friends and I knew without any doubt that they had all played with her tits and pussy many times before. But never got any further.

This is not to say that Eve hadn't allowed men to fuck her because she had. 3 to my knowledge. One from where we used to work who she had a crush on fucked her on the night of the company dance. Two, a lorry driver on a motorway who couldn't believe his luck. 

The third was actually two guys. We used to go to a pub once a week and upstairs they had two snooker tables. We played one table and on this occasion the other table was occupied by two guys in their thirty's. They saw how good Eve played and offered us a match;. Eve asked what the prize was and one replied.

"I know what I would like for a prize." And looked her up and down leering.

"Ok!" Eve said.

I laughed. They were shocked. Anyway we didn't even finish the game and they had both fucked her. Once Eve was in that mood all she wanted was to be used. And that is what it was, that is what turned her on the most, being used. But her head wouldn't allow it. Her body however craved it and I had stopped it from going that far with our friends because I knew that there could be no coming back from it. I also have to say seeing her being used by other men was a real turn on for me. The more they groped her the more of a slut she became, and secretly, maybe that is what I wanted.

Eve dressed in a loose fitting gypsy off the shoulder top that showed her free moving breast and could easily be lowered down her arms to reveal her braless tits. And a full length thin cotton skirt that was split from floor to hips on both sides. Held together by one single button. Every step she took gave a flash of black suspenders and stockings. Eve wore no panties.

The guests arrived and the party got underway. Her parents and grandparents, my father her brother and his wife, my brother and numerous other people were having a great time.

Several times Eve disappeared and I would go looking for her. I found her in the garden usually behind a large fir tree with any one of the six guys who I knew would be the last to leave, so no surprise. Then I found her, with my father. Now I knew Eve liked my dad because he always made her laugh, and he was always out spoken about how much he loved her tits, which also made her laugh as he was so crude about it. But to find him with her tit in his mouth and hand up her skirt did come as a surprise.

"Oh shit sorry Mike." He said when he saw me looking

"Oh no problem dad enjoy yourself." I laughed. He smiled and put her tit back in his mouth. I should say at this point that my dad was long term divorced.

As the night went on people started to leave. The last one being my father "I will come round first thing and help you clean up." He said with a wave.

"Ok dad." I replied.

When I returned to the lounge the six were all leaning against the wall. "Where is she?" I asked

"In the loo I think." my brother answered.

"Ok well while you all here I am not going to stop you doing whatever you want with her. But. If she says no then you stop. Other than that you can fuck her brainless for all I care. Oh and don't hurt her of course."

"Your kidding right." Rick said.

"No I'm not. She has teased you lot for too long and I told her if she does it tonight then she will take the consequences so have fun. Lick her tits and fanny and she will do anything you want." And that was it really. She had made her bed and now she could lie in it.

The music was playing loudly when she returned so she moved to the dance floor and started swinging her hips. "Who's gonna dance then?" She asked.

Tony, my brother moved in behind her and started rubbing his cock against her arse. His hands came round and groped her tits then down to her pussy. There was no finesse. This was just groping. He then slipped her top from her shoulders and as it fell to her waist two guys moved in on her tits. As they each took a nipple in their mouths her eyes opened, she looked at me, confusion on her face. She knew this was decision time.

Her skirt dropped to the floor and as a finger slid into her wet pussy she smiled and closed her eyes again. She was now fully involved, hips rotating hands on the heads attached to her tits and leaning back onto Tony. Then her hand went behind her and she fondled his erection. Seeing her like that. Black suspenders and stockings with a man on each tit, another fingering her cunt while she played with a hard cock I suddenly got the impression she was in paradise.

We had a corner suite in the room with two corner units. I moved the corner units and the suite turned into a large double bed.

The three guys who were not playing with her had stripped and were guiding Eve over to the makeshift bed but instead of laying her on it they put her on her hands and knees so her face was over the back of the seat. Once in position her tits were available for play and so was her cunt and arse. And even though I knew she didn't really like sucking cock I had no doubt that she would be sucking lots of cock this night. I had already got my movie camera out and was keeping as close as I could to the action.

Now she had a guy playing with each tit and a cock moving closer to both her mouth and her pussy. She loved doing it doggy so I knew she was going to enjoy herself. As the cock slid into her sopping pussy her eyes flew open I looked her straight in the face as a cock slid into her mouth. Her eyes smiled, her hand gripped the cock and she sucked like I had never seen her suck before.

"Fuck she's got a tight cunt. Does she take it up the arse?"

"Yes." I replied "but take it slowly till she is lubed enough. Then she likes it rough in her cunt and her arse." All part of the being used I suppose but I had never really thought about it before. She loved it when I called her a slut and made her admit how much of whore she was. How could I have been so blind?

I moved all round her filming everything I could. When I saw Rick pull his cock out of her cunt I watched as he slid into her arse. She moaned loudly but did not protest. "Sorry Mike." Tony said, "But I always knew she was a fucking slut at heart."

"Don't tell me." I laughed, "Tell her." so he did.

So he did. "Here it comes you fucking slut. I'm going to fill your mouth with my man cum you whore."

Her eyes flew open and she moved faster, obviously turned on by the language. Then she choked as he pushed his cock deep into her throat and shot his load at the same time. Rick was speeding up in her arse and by the time Toni pulled out Rick shot his load as well. Eddie went to take Tony's place. 

"Wait Eddie. She can clean Rick's cock first." I said. Rick pulled out and as he moved in front of her she looked at me, smiled and took that shit and come covered cock into her mouth. Now I knew without any doubt that she truly was a slut and that I had been holding that part of her back.

Steve lay down on the bed with his head to the open end and pulled Eve on top of him, his throbbing erection ramming into her pussy. Eve screamed in orgasm at the sudden penetration. Steve bounced her up and down rapidly till Gareth moved behind her and slid his cock up her slippery shit hole. Mark moved in front of her and slid into her open mouth. 

The longer it went on the more of an active part Eve took. She started dictating positions, some we had never tried before and others we had. She did whatever they told her to do and came with ideas of her own. For two hours they fucked her. They each had all her holes more than once and she was covered from head to foot in come, where several times they had wanked on her tits, or filled her mouth so much she couldn't keep it all in. She even sucked off two cocks at once swallowing both loads at the same time while she had a cock in her arse and her pussy. Even I had managed to fuck all her holes once between filming. By the finish she could hardly walk. The guys lined up to leave and she fell to her knees outside the front door where she could have been seen by anyone and she sucked and kissed each cock for a second as a good night gift. She kissed me, smiled and went to bed. Falling instantly asleep.

I had been up for an hour when I saw Eve making her way to the bathroom. "You ok?" I asked.

"Mmmm." She said, "Never better. I need a shower though I feel all sticky."

"I'm not surprised."

A moment later and dad walked in the open back door. "How is she?" He asked.

"See for yourself. She's in the shower." He gave me a quizzical look, "Well you were groping her tits last night so you might as well go and see what you missed."

He moved along the hallway and stood at the bathroom door. Eve was in the shower with the shower door half closed. She saw dad standing there and smiled so he stayed till she got out. "Can I dry you?" He asked.

She handed him the towel and started to dry her off. First her hair and then down her body cupping her breasts and then down between her legs. She sighed and opened them further. He dropped the towel and was now fingering her wet pussy, feeling it throbbing and drawing his finger in further. She turned round and went to her knees. Undid his zipper and pulled out his erect cock. She looked up at him and smiled as she took him deep into her mouth. As she felt him verging on orgasm she stood up and taking his hand led him to the bedroom.

During that short time Tony had arrived and when we saw her lead dad into the bedroom I said. "I have always had a fantasy about us three fucking her together."

Tony looked at me and smiled." Come on then." And he almost ran into the bedroom. I grabbed the camera on the way.

Eve was on top of dad and he was squeezing her tits as she slowly rode his cock. "Perfect." I said, "Just a few seconds filming then Tony is going up your arse and I get your mouth."

"All my fantasies at once." Dad said.

We started off slowly but there was no way we could keep up a slow pace. The minute Tony went in her arse she was on the verge of her orgasm and by the time we three guys had shot our loads she was on her third. I was last to come and filled her mouth as she looked up into my eyes, smiling as best she could.

"No point getting dressed I suppose as I fully intend fucking the rest of her holes." I said. Dad and Tony both agreed. And so it was. We spent the rest of the day fucking her, one on one, two on one and three on one in any combination or room we felt like. We even three ganged her in the garden.

It was 4pm when dad and Tony left and 5pm by the time we showered and sitting down with a take away Chinese. "Any regrets?" I asked

"Not one." She replied, "I only wish you had made me do it sooner."

"Oh don't worry I am going to make up for it believe me."

It was understood that at any time other than when we went out or were at home she would be her 'normal' self and not the whore she had become. And while she adhered to that she did start eyeing the men at work who constantly looked at her. Especially those in power, the older one's.

MAYBE CONTINUED, NOT SURE YET. LET ME KNOW.