 Eve made her way to the bathroom on very shaky legs... smiling. Cum running down her legs. She entered the bathroom, looked at herself in the mirror and was surprised at what she saw. Her hair was all over the place, there was a slight flush on her skin, and the most remarkable thing was the smile on her face. She couldn't help thinking how incredible it had all been.

Eve turned around and started the water running in the tub, adjusting the temperature. When it was just right she climbed into the water, the spray hitting her naked body. She just stood under the water for a while, thinking, remembering what had just happened. Without realizing it, her hands were running up and down her naked wet body. Her nipples were still hard from all the excitement. She brought her hand to her well-used pussy. The lips of her pussy were puffy, and a little tender. Her clit was super sensitive; she just barely touched it and felt a jolt of electricity surge through her body.

All new things had happened to her today. Before she met Jason, she had been a virgin. No man had ever made love to her before. She had let a few touch her with their fingers, but never their cocks. But when she met Jason, there had just been something about him that she was unable to say no to. Their first time had been incredible. Jason had been so slow about everything he had done. He was in no hurry with her at all. He had kissed her for what felt like forever. Their tongues' dancing in and out of each other's mouths. Jason would suck on her tongue, then she would suck on his. It was all so very exciting to her, she found herself more sexually aroused than she ever had been. Then he had slowly moved his head down to her large breasts, taking one nipple in his mouth and sucking, gently biting, driving her crazy. 

While taking the other nipple into his mouth, Jason had moved his hand down inside her pants, just cupping her pussy in his strong muscular hand. She knew he could feel the heat coming from her pussy, she also knew how wet her pussy was becoming. Jason had slowly brought a finger to her pussy lips, spreading them and then plunging his finger into her virgin cunt. It was so hot, so wet, so tight. Eve had moaned when his finger slid into her. She knew she was going to let him fuck her at this point. Her pussy was on fire and she knew only his cock could satisfy her now. But he was still only teasing her pussy with his finger she desperately needed to feel him touch her clit. He was still sucking on her breast, one finger probing her pussy. But he was purposefully ignoring her clit... the one area that desperately needed to be touched.

Eve was moaning and pushing her hips up to meet Jason's hand, somehow trying to get him to touch her clit. He must have known what he was doing to her, driving her absolutely crazy. He stopped sucking on her nipple looked down at her lust filled face and smiled that disarming smile of his. He then began kissing down her body, her stomach, sticking his tongue into her belly button. Down her belly, to the inside of her thighs. All around her pussy he kissed without touching it. Eve was desperate now; she needed him to release all the sexual tension built up in her body. She thought he would never do it. She had never felt a man's tongue on her pussy before, and now she desperately needed to feel Jason's tongue there. Suddenly Jason moved his face closer to her pussy, she felt his hands spread her pussy lips, she could feel his hot breath on her... she just moaned " yes, please...." Then she felt his tongue on her, starting at the bottom of her pussy, licking upwards to her clit. But again he stopped short of her clit. The feeling was more intense than she had ever thought possible. "More please... Jason please..." she cried. Again she felt his tongue licking her, dipping into her cunt, lapping up her juices. Her hips were moving up and down, trying to get Jason's tongue deeper inside her. His tongue moved closer to her clit, she held her breath. His tongue lightly ran across her hard clit, sending the most intense orgasm she had ever had through her body. As she came Jason took her clit between his lips and started sucking on it. Her orgasm intensifying. Mercifully, Jason released her clit, but continued licking, savoring her juices as she came down from her orgasm.

Eve could hardly breathe her orgasm so intense. She wanted to say thank you to Jason, but she just couldn't speak yet. His tongue felt wonderful as it licked and slurped on her pussy. Her breathing became more normal; her surroundings came back into focus. She could feel the smile on her face, a very contented, happy smile. Jason brought his head up from her pussy, looking into her eyes. He could tell how much she had enjoyed herself, so far. He moved up her belly, again kissing her as he moved. Coming to her breasts he took a nipple into his mouth and gently suckled on it. Eve was running her hands along his shoulders and arms, running her hands through his hair. She felt as one with Jason at that moment, he could do nothing but please her. Of this she was sure. He moved closer to her face so that he could kiss her lips again. As he did she could feel his rock hard cock brushing against her thighs, her pussy. She moved her hands down searching for his cock. When her fingers touched it, it jumped. She firmly took hold of Jason's cock, firmly but lovingly she guided it towards her pussy. She rubbed the head up and down her very hot and wet slit, coating it with her juices. She positioned his cock at the opening to her womanhood, and waited for him to penetrate her.

Jason very slowly pushed his cock into her hot wet cunt. He knew she was a virgin, so he didn't want to hurt her - he only wanted to pleasure her. So, slowly he went, gently pushing his cock into her a little at a time. He watched her face closely, wanting to see her every expression for this first time. Eve was breathing fast, this, the first time a man's cock was inside her cunt. She was nervous, and yet she wanted to tell Jason to just push all the way inside her. It was driving her crazy, feeling his cock so slowly slide into her cunt. She was so tight, and oh so wet. His cock felt so big inside her, she couldn't believe how his cock filled her, and he wasn't even all the way in her yet. Eve put her hands on Jason's hips, trying desperately to pull his cock into her. Then it happened, Jason felt some resistance. He knew he was at the point of taking her cherry. The look on Eve's face told it all. She wanted him to push through it, she needed him to. So with a forceful thrust, Jason pushed through her hymen. Eve screamed, partly in pain and partly in ecstasy. Jason's cock was now fully inside her. 

He lay still for a moment to give her time to get used to the feeling. Then he gently began to thrust in and out of her slippery wet cunt. Eve's pain subsided quickly, and was overtaken by pure pleasure. Jason wasn't sure how long he would last inside Eve; her cunt was so tight around his cock. The feeling intensely pleasurable. Eve could feel something building in the pit of her stomach and radiating out through her pussy. Before she knew it, the most intense orgasm of her young life was ripping through her body. Her pussy spasming around Jason's cock, her back arching to meet every thrust. She was lost in her own world of pleasure, almost forgetting about Jason. Until she heard him almost growl, as he lunged forward burying his cock inside her. His cock grew inside her and began jerking. She could feel him cuming inside her, his cum hitting deep inside her womb. All this brought on another mind blowing orgasm for Eve. Her body shuddering and shaking as she cried out in pleasure.

Soon her breathing became more normal, and she realized that Jason was still on top of her, his softening cock still inside her. She kissed him softly on his lips as he rolled off her onto the bed. Jason put his arms around Eve and they fell asleep in each other's arms. Contented. Satisfied. Eve no longer a virgin. A smile on her face.

She smiled in the shower remembering how loving and slow Jason had been. He had proven over and over to her after this what a wonderful lover he could be. Then she turned to the afternoon's events. Eve could hardly take in everything that had happened to her this afternoon. All the new things she had done, all the many new pleasures she had experienced. She couldn't believe she had actually had sex with a black man. Or the fact that she had been fucked in her ass. She had never even considered doing such a thing before. It sounded too dirty and unpleasant to her, and Jason had never brought it up. And then to have two men inside her at once, one in her pussy, one in her ass! She couldn't believe how incredible it had felt.

Eve decided she had been in the shower remembering long enough. Jason was probably wondering what had happened to her. She turned the water off, grabbed a towel and dried herself off. She wrapped a towel around herself, opened the bathroom door and walked out into the bedroom. Eve had assumed that Jason would be the only one waiting there for her. But to her great surprise, all the men were still standing, or sitting around... still naked. Not only that, but now there was another woman in the room, and she was walking straight towards Eve. Eve felt very uncomfortable with a naked woman walking towards her. For some reason she couldn't decide where to look, what to look at, where to put her hands.

The other woman walked up to Eve and said, "Hi, I'm Lisa. Jason was right - you are beautiful." Eve could feel her cheeks flush red from embarrassment. Not sure how to take another woman telling her she was beautiful. Eve's eyes had been looking at the floor, too uncomfortable to actually look at Lisa. So Lisa brought her hand up to Eve's chin and raised her head so that they could look at each other. "You've had some afternoon from what these guys have told me," Lisa said. "But the afternoon isn't over yet. Is it?" Eve felt very puzzled at this question. But Lisa was soon to clue her in.

Lisa continued holding Eve's chin as she brought her face closer to Eve. Before she could really understand what was happening, Lisa kissed Eve full on the lips. Eve started to back away from Lisa, but Lisa wouldn't allow that. Lisa quickly put her arms around Eve and continued kissing her. Eve had never kissed another woman before, but she was finding it wasn't unpleasant at all. In fact, she found she rather enjoyed kissing Lisa. Before Eve knew it, both of their mouths were open, tongues exploring. And amazingly to Eve she was beginning to get turned on by Lisa.

As the kiss continued, Lisa gently reached up and pulled the towel from Eve's body. Her hands then reaching for Eve's large tits. The kiss broke, and Lisa looked at Eve's beautiful breasts, then she leaned down and began to suck on Eve's hard nipples. Eve couldn't believe how good it felt, to have another woman suck on her nipples. Surprising herself, Eve found her hands wandering up towards Lisa's breasts. She found herself cupping them, finding the nipples and tweaking them slightly. At this point Lisa raised her head from Eve's breast. "Go ahead, suck on my nipples," Lisa said. A little unsure of herself, she lowered her head to Lisa's right breast. She stuck out her tongue and gently licked the nipple. A soft moan came from Lisa, and then Eve sucked the nipple into her mouth. She began sucking, and slightly nibbling on the other woman's nipple, enjoying it more that she thought possible. Lisa's hands were wandering up and down Eve's body. Stroking, feeling. Eve was so engrossed in sucking on Lisa's nipple she didn't notice Lisa's hand sliding nearer to her pussy. As she felt the other woman's fingers brush her clit, she moaned. Very loudly.

Eve stood up straight looking at Lisa. Lisa looking at Eve. Lisa took Eve's hand and led her to the well-used bed. They both sat on the edge and began kissing, fondling each other's breasts and generally enjoying each other's bodies. Lisa broke the kiss and said "let's do 69." Lisa knew that Eve had never been with another woman before. She knew this was probably very awkward for Eve. She took control. Lisa lay down on her back and told Eve to get on her hands and knees, straddling her. Eve felt a bit awkward, but did as Lisa told her. She found herself looking right at another woman's pussy. Eve hadn't noticed until now that Lisa was completely shaved. It fascinated her to see a woman's pussy with no hair.

Lisa put her hands on Eve's butt, and gently guided her pussy toward her face. Eve was still almost studying Lisa's shaved pussy when she felt Lisa's tongue touch her. The sensation made her jump slightly, but Lisa held her down so that she couldn't get away. Eve slowly moved her face closer to Lisa's pussy. She stuck out her tongue and just barely touched the other woman's pussy lips with her tongue. Lisa's pussy tasted so good, and it smelled intoxicating to Eve. Before she knew it, Eve had plunged her mouth down onto Lisa's pussy. She licked, and slurped and nibbled all over her cunt. Eve tried to mirror everything Lisa was doing to her, and before long both women were moaning and writhing on the bed. Both were nearing an orgasm. As their orgasms neared, Lisa began to suck and pull on Eve's clit. Eve doing the same to Lisa's clit. Their climaxes hit virtually together. Both women sucking and pulling on the other's clit. As Lisa came, something warm and sticky squirted out on Eve's face. She at first thought the other woman might be peeing on her, then discovered it was more of a white liquid and tasted much like her pussy. Eve began lapping up this liquid; it tasted so good to her. 

As both women came down from their orgasms, Eve felt another pair of hands on her bottom. These hands were lifting her butt up into the air slightly. Then she felt the unmistakable feeling of a man's cock at her cunt, about to plunge deep inside of her. She lifted her head slightly so that she could see, but as she did another man was standing in front of her with his cock aimed at her mouth. She knew exactly what he wanted; she opened her mouth and let his cock slide into it. "Oh my God," she thought. "I have a cock in my cunt, and one in my mouth!" As she felt the cock sliding in and out of her cunt, she felt a tongue gently licking at her clit. This was almost too much for Eve. But she loved every moment. The one cock continued to fuck her pussy, and the tongue continued to lick and circle her clit. And the whole time there was another cock sliding in and out of her mouth. The four of them continued this amazing rhythm together. All fucking Eve in their own way. Eve could feel another orgasm building inside her. She could tell the two men were close too. The speed of the men fucking her cunt and her face picked up. They were both grunting loudly. Eve's climax was getting closer. Then the explosion happened. First Eve came - hard again. This triggered the cock inside her cunt. When the man in her mouth heard this he came in Eve's mouth. Eve's pussy was spasming around the cock inside her; she was swallowing another man's sperm. As their orgasms subsided, the three lovers fell over on the bed in a heap. All smiling.

It was then Eve remembered Lisa. They had all almost fallen on her when they collapsed. Lisa looked over at the men watching the scene and asked, "OK who's gonna fuck ME now?" Eve climbed off the bed, found a nice comfortable chair, and decided she was going to watch for a while. She hoped she could see Lisa getting fucked by all these men too. And maybe, just maybe she would join in again.