 I must have been out of it for a while, because when I woke up, I wasn't even on the chaise longue anymore. In my sleep, the Bottoms somehow managed to get me from the back porch to the master bedroom and cover me with just a slight sheet, as too much of a blanket in that heat would have been bad news. It was actually very dark and I could hear heavy breathing next to me, along with a soft, smooth body curled up against each side. I looked down and saw the unmistakable beauty of Sally and Kelly in my arms. Both were asleep, so I opted to return to that state as well for now and leave questions until the morning, which was what I did. 

Hours later, my eyes opened wide as I smelled something crisp, meaty, even salty from what seemed to be the kitchen, and I heard giggles from the two shapes next to me, followed by licks applied to my cock and balls. Sally and Kelly, of course, were the perpetrators, and both ladies made no secret of their intentions about my morning wood. Sally then climbed aboard my cock and started riding me without hesitation or embarrassment. 

When I started to protest that I needed to piss, Kelly leaned in to whisper, "Don't worry about Your bladder, Master. Sally's only going for a quickie this time. Then You can empty it. She just didn't think that You'd want to lose Your hard-on before You used it, right?" 

"Yes, Master, this time is about Your pleasure and satisfaction, not mine. I swear to God, You'll never need to suffer morning wood without relief again. I don't know what Your wife was thinking, leaving this cock alone so much," Sally assured me, as she rode me hard and tightened up until I couldn't hold out anymore. 

I couldn't help but admire the sensuality of this sassy, Southern fiancée and sex slave of mine. Her fair, freckled skin and her lovely breasts stared me in the face as we fucked, while I felt Kelly's lips and tongue sample my balls again. Evidently, Kelly was really into the act of servicing a man's sack while he fucked another woman, or man, for that matter. Between that act, the sheer sexiness of Sally herself, and the energetic bouncing up and down on my cock, I couldn't hold out much longer than that. 

My cock shot out a blast of hot cum that went deep inside Sally and no sooner than she climbed off me, but Kelly dove straight in for my cock to lick it clean of her juices. I warned her that I really had to piss and she winked at me in a knowing way as I lost control of my functions and hit the back of her throat with my golden fluid. I was stunned as Kelly licked it all up and then began eagerly cleaning Sally's cunt with the same mouth, not minding it when Sally let out an amber stream of her own for Kelly to drink. Then the girls really floored me by sharing both my cum, Sally's, and our piss in a French kiss that set new definitions of dirtiness and kept me from getting too soft yet. It was the nastiest, raunchiest act of sexual depravity that I had ever witnessed in my life and it really turned me on. 

"Don't worry, we'll brush our teeth. Don't want to make Master taste his own piss with his breakfast. Besides, You're due for a shower and Shannon wants the honors this time," Sally laughed while Kelly helped pull me up. 

"Is this a normal thing for you gals?" I asked them with some shock. 

"Are You kidding? I've lost track of how much pee I've drunk from everyone. It's more my thing than the others, truth be told, but none of them mind. Sometimes, they'll return the favor if they're braver like Sally here. It's not for everyone and I don't swallow it. I don't even care for the taste. I just like the submissiveness of the act, the degree of depravity and slutdom involved. I won't do it while pregnant, of course. I think that Sally has agreed to pinch-hit for me there, right, Sally?" Kelly assured me as I reached the shower and, sure enough, Shannon was already waiting for me. 

"Yeah, that's only fair. But what about when we're both pregnant?" Sally giggled. 

"I'll do it! There, happy! I'll drink all of your piss! Now, just let me wash our Master!" Shannon insisted, closing the curtain and getting started. 

Shannon didn't waste any time getting to work, either, almost as if she was in a hurry, though once she began washing me in earnest, she slowed her pace and seemed to savor the opportunity to fondle me in very private (well, maybe not private in this family) places. Every time she looked up at me, it was in complete admiration...and undeniable lust. Once she had me clean, she began to wash herself, but I stopped her. 

"You've been very good to me. Now, let me reward you. I want to wash your sweet, young body, too. Tell me, Shannon, have you always wanted this, to submit to and serve a man?" I asked her, curious as to whether she was as truly submissive as she first seemed. She was just eighteen, after all. 

"Yes, Master, I have. I've known about this lifestyle, this family tradition for a good while now. I've been eighteen for most of the year, too. I'll be nineteen soon enough. Master, I don't know if I have any dominance to my personality, but if I do, I will find out and use it on the others, if You permit it. I will never defy You. When it comes to You, I am content to serve, to submit...to kneel in worship. Part of me doesn't want to even find a boyfriend or husband, because I would rather just focus on pleasing You. Besides, it's not like You wouldn't share me with the other Bottoms. 

"Part of me doesn't even want to wear clothes if I can avoid it, at all, though I enjoyed acting outraged when Kelly stole my bottoms. I enjoyed the way that You looked at me when You realized that I had no intention of actually putting them back on. I also enjoyed the way that Kelly took them off me...she snatched them off directly from my body and dared me to catch her. If I could, I would walk around here in nothing but a smile and my hair...and it is pretty hair, isn't it, Master?" Shannon referred to her strawberry-blonde curls. 

"God, yes, it is!" I grinned as I continued to wash her body, taking my time to fully explore it...also fondling her flesh, much to her delight, "If you want to walk around the house totally naked, even with the windows and blinds open, I will happily permit it. God knows that you're easy on the eyes, and it would make for very easy access to your pussy and ass, as compared to your mouth, which is always very accessible." 

"Too bad my tits are kinda small," Shannon complained, "but you don't seem to mind that much." 

"Nothing wrong with your tits, sweetie. Sure, they're smaller, but they are the right size and shape for you, a petite girl of eighteen, the youngest in the family. They fit your height and build just right, and I doubt that they sag at all, at least in my lifetime," I reassured her as I took a little too much time rinsing the crack of her ass. 

"Thank You, Master!" Shannon exclaimed, as we got out and I dried her off. 

"Did you mean what you said to Sally and Kelly just a little while ago?" I asked her. 

"Hell, yeah, I'll drink Your piss! I'd do it, anyway. It's good enough for Sally and Kelly, so why not for me? I want to serve You so thoroughly that You will get used to being served instead of doing things for Yourself. I want so badly to please You, Master...and thank You for letting me walk around naked. That's going to be so much fun...I'll make sure to shave it daily for You, too! I want You to always see smooth skin when You see me...it makes me feel even more naked, too!" Shannon gazed at me adoringly as she dried me off and we headed to the kitchen. 

There, we found Lowell, Belle, and Mary all finishing their work on breakfast, while Mark, Martin, Sally, and Kelly set the table. Sally turned to me, walked over to me, still naked as well...as were all of the others, and gave me the wettest, sloppiest French kiss that she could manage to plant on my mouth, her tongue tasting suspiciously like pussy juice. I licked my lips as she came up for air, looked at her, and then at Kelly, who winked at me. Then she gave me a lip lock of her own, which also tasted of feminine fluids. Sally blushed, oddly enough, but gave Kelly a deep tongue kiss as well. 

My cock already stirred and Shannon coughed as she knelt behind me to part my cheeks and go to work on rimming me. Sally and Kelly descended to their knees as well, sucking me for a bit, but then Belle spoke up. 

"Alright, girls, let's feed our Master ahead of ourselves," she laughed, a gentle chiding for her greedy sister and cousin. 

"Indeed. Sorry, Master. Your cum is, well...almost a separate food group in itself," Sally said as she sat down at the table. 

"What she said. A yummy food group, too," Kelly giggled, at which point the others joined her laughter. 

"Do we say grace this time, Master, or what do You want to do?" Mary asked me, truly unsure. 

"You may if you wish. I'm not all that religious, but I respect others who are. I guarantee you that my Hebrew school teachers are spinning in their graves right now. I'm living with goyim, eating pork, and fornicating, not even counting the blowjob that I got from a guy. Personally, though, I prefer to think of them as the schmucks, not me," I chuckled. 

"Thank You, Master, but please...the head of the family says the blessing. It's not my place to do so," Mary explained. 

"Very well, then. But I only know one Christian prayer. The rest are all Hebrew. Okay, I'll make something up. Blessed be the name of our Maker, whatever that name may be, and may He either forgive us for being such naughty children or perhaps understand that we are, in fact, made of clay, as Adam was, if he was, and not hold it against us that we yielded to natural impulses and instincts that He gave us, if in fact we evolved from lower primates. May He bless this food as well, kosher or not. Amen," I blushed a little at the awkward prayer. 

"Well, God loves humility, but He also loves honesty, or so Mama taught us, so I think that He will respect that prayer. Amen," Mary said her part, holding my hand for a second. 

"That was a neat new prayer. I look forward to more of those, Master," Sally said as she dug in with one hand and caressed my thigh with the other. 

"My sentiments exactly," Belle agreed as she took a bite of the bacon. 

When I tasted the bacon, I was reminded of just why I wasn't kosher these days. The priests and Levites probably meant well, but denying this to the children of Israel was an act of sadomasochism writ large. I often thought that it was just Moses doing then what I do now...making up new rules as he went along for a tribe of slaves who needed some kind of structure and weren't able to cope without it. In my new position, I gained a new perspective for what Moses had to do, so perhaps I should forgive that inbred bastard...not that I disapproved of Amram banging his sweet aunt Jochebed. She was probably a saucy cougar, that one, and I could see why incest was practiced in spite of all taboos these days. 

"Well, forbidden pleasures really are tastier, I can see," I winked at the cooks. 

"Yeah, no kidding. Something about the idea of letting Mark take my ass or mouth with his cock...that's the sort of thing that makes me think that the Greeks were right about manly love or lust. When he's inside me, nothing matters but the pleasure of having him use me and make me his bitch. Granted, I sometimes return the favor, but being a Bottom, well, I'm usually...a bottom. He prefers it that way, too. He fucks me, I get fucked. Lowell is the same way with him, though not with me. Mark typically does the sodomizing, nine times out of ten," Martin admitted to me. 

"Yeah, I wondered about the power dynamic between you guys, not that I'm surprised. So, you're a switch, too, Mark. That can be rather useful, you know. Just know that with me, I'm the top...so even you will have to take it up the ass," I grinned, steeling myself for that moment...which had growing appeal, but was a novel concept to me in my entirely straight sexual experience until meeting the Bottoms. 

"Of course, Master. I would not expect otherwise from You. I look forward to having Your cock shall we say, plunder the booty?" Mark chuckled. 

I coughed at that bit as I ate my fried eggs, grits, bacon, and flapjacks smothered with butter and peach preserves. Never having had grits before, it was a taste that was surprisingly good. I think that the Bottoms just went by habit, but I never had any complaints. Nobody forced me to eat them and I found that they were actually pretty delicious. I felt my strength growing again, as it did, I noted just how lustfully my new love slaves, or whatever one wished to call them, looked at me. They also stared at each other, but it seemed that I was the focus of their attention, male and female alike. 

Finally, I had enough and pointed to my lap. 

"Okay, boys and girls, let's play a game. I'm hard again. Belle's turn, I think. She was one of the cooks, after all. Come on, Belle. Slid your pussy onto my cock. I bet that you're wet already...aren't you? Ride me, right here in this chair," I instructed the ginger. 

Belle licked her lips and didn't hesitate to plant her cunt right above my cock before descending onto it. I quickly realized what an understatement I made. She wasn't just wet. She was soaked. As she thrust her tits into my face and bounced up and down on my dick, I felt the heat of her sweet box around my cock and felt her belly against mine, reminding me of her pregnant state. Granted, she was a redhead like my estranged wife, but she had nothing else in common with her, from what I could tell. I kissed her face, her lips, her cheeks, her neck, and her shoulders as my hands wandered up and down her back...both my tongue and hands pleasured her breasts. 

Belle soon began to lose all self-restraint, all composure, as the passion in my loins was joined by her own desire, her lust building and demonstrating what a redhead she truly was. Her breasts actually began leaking, so I just licked away at the fluids coming out, finding them not so unappetizing after all as I might have feared in the past. I also licked at the sweat coming from her pores in the cleavage of her bosom, while my hands continued to roam her flesh and caressed her buttocks for a while. The moans escaping her mouth and the juices drenching my cock left no question of what was going on, just as her breasts started heaving with her shallow breaths and her face turned very pink. 

Finally, a guttural cry left Belle's mouth and she tightened up so much that she virtually squeezed my cum from my balls. It shot out with no real chance to stop, spurt after spurt filling her cunt with my spunk. My dick softened after several minutes of her resting on my shoulders and then she finally slipped off my lap and tried to stand on her wobbly feet. Sally rushed to steady her elder sister, as did I, the three of us briefly locked in an embrace that led to a triple French kiss and lasted for nearly a minute. 

"Well, I don't know about you guys, but I'd say that the unpacking can wait. I'd like to get to know my new family better. Since I live in both houses, I can grab whatever I need from there at my leisure. Of course, I'll need to recover a bit before my next tryst. Still, Kelly, you know that it's you. After that, it's Shannon. We'll follow seniority here, I think. Not that I intend to deny any of you gals. No, not hardly. Plenty of turns with each. Sally's time with me was a bit brief, for instance, but that will be compensated for next time around. I promise you that," I assured them. 

"Well, Master, I know that much. You are not the sort to short change Your fiancée, after all," Sally smiled as she knelt and licked some of her sister's cum off my dick. 

"By the way, I did some calculations, Master. Sally is fertile right around tomorrow night or Tuesday at the latest. Kelly is ready to conceive next weekend. Shannon, however, doesn't get to that point until the following Thursday or Friday. If we play it right, though, it will be well into next year before there are any women here not pregnant," Mary grinned as she told me. 

"Very well, then. Dibs on Sally's pussy tomorrow night until about mid-week. You guys can fuck her ass, her mouth, her breasts, anything but her twat. I, for my part, will fuck any girl here, but I will pull out and cum inside Sally instead until the business is done. Same with Kelly's cunt this weekend. I alone will put the first buns in those ovens. Lowell gets to knock up Shannon first time around, however. This is to make up for him not getting to impregnate his mother as originally planned. Don't worry, Mark and Martin. There will be plenty of chances for you two to knock up some ladies, I assure you," I announced the first schedule. 

"Oh, I don't doubt that, Master. I can tell that You share our fascination with mixing things up when it comes to conception. It will be a kick in a way to claim what I know is Your seed after marrying Kelly," Martin admitted, feeling a bit excited by even the idea, "Watching her belly grow with Your spawn, while calling it my own...very hot, especially once she is my wife. I hope to marry her soon, in fact." 

"Oh, you'll get your wish, and plenty of other rewards besides, trust me. And you, Mark, how does it feel to know that you'll be taking vows with Belle, fully aware that she has Mr. Vogel's issue in her womb?" I teased him. 

"God, Master, I want to keep doing that! I want only her last baby to be mine. I want to see You, Martin, and Lowell all breed her ahead of me, while I claim each and every one of those brats as my own. That way, when she finally conceives by me, it will be a very big deal to me. I will prize that moment far more for having to wait so long for it," Mark admitted with some embarrassment. 

"It can be a turn-on to someone with the right frame of mind, I think. You don't even have to be submissive to see the taboo thrill of it, the sheer shock value of the awareness that the husband and father are two different men, in defiance of all cultural expectations," I asserted. 

"Exactly why it turns me on so much, Master, knowing that Mary is carrying my brother or sister, even if he or she is also my son or daughter," Lowell admitted for his part. 

"Well, now I am rather aroused again. Kelly, put your hands on the table and spread your thighs. Now, bend over the table and use one of the kitchen utensils to pleasure yourself for a bit. There, there, that's good...slide that fine spoon deep inside your pussy...damn, it's dripping wet already! Come on, honey...time for me to have you...here I go," I instructed Kelly as she followed my commands eagerly...and then I used some butter and eased the spoon into her ass...

Kelly's reaction was worthy of a porn flick...she shook, squirmed, bucked, and moaned as I entered her roughly and began fucking her twice over...her pussy with my cock...her asshole with that large wooden spoon. The handle wasn't the part inside her, either...Kelly shivered and even panted a little, her breasts swaying as I rammed her from both ends and made her feel the power of my two tools...She couldn't hold out for very long, or so I thought, but she kept upping the ante, helping me push more of that spoon inside her ass while she assisted me to thrust further into her pussy until I was balls deep. The others watched in absolute amazement as she seemed to almost have a fit from the twin effects of my cock and the spoon. 

Damn...Kelly was tighter than I expected, too...but she wasn't too tight, of course. I got the impression that as with the others, Mama's death hit her hard and lowered her sex drive...and now it was back with a vengeance. Finally, with what seemed a fantastic convulsion, Kelly shrieked in a feral manner and all but collapsed. At that point, I let go of my self-control and shot out a third load of the day, this time into the beloved cousin of the rest of the family. I slumped on top of her for a moment, too, as the spoon came out and my cock rested against her buttery bottom...