 See "Into His Eyes" for context here.

*

She continued to rock slowly back and forth while hugging him as tightly as ever, filling the afterglow with more physical sensation. A little bit later, he had grown soft enough that his dick popped out of her. Well, she'd had enough. For now, anyway. 

She turned her head towards a sound from the deck. "Shit!" she hissed.

"What?" he asked, confused.

"It's seven already."

He followed her gaze to the window and saw two faces peering into the living room, one of which belonged to Janet.

If he had been embarrassed that morning, he was now ten times more so. Linda, by contrast, was nonplussed. She languidly reached for her robe and wrapped it around her, tying the belt with a practiced flourish. Meanwhile, he was fumbling with his own, clumsily trying to cover himself even though their visitors had moved around to the front door.

Fully composed, Linda met her guests at the door.

"I am so sorry," she told Janet, "We just lost track of time."

"I'll say!" Janet shot back. She then began to imitate the chuffing sounds that he thought only Linda made.

Well, if Linda could act so cool, he thought, so could he. Once he had his robe on, he tried to appear casual as he sauntered up to meet Janet and her lover. He was momentarily taken aback when he realized that Janet's companion was a woman. 

'Oh well,' he told himself, 'it's a big world.'

Linda handled the introductions. 'Sam' it turned out, was short for 'Samantha.'

She opened a bottle of chardonnay and offered Sam and Janet each a glass. "You two make yourselves comfortable. We've gotta shower."

"Yeah," agreed Janet, "this place reeks of fucking."

Defying his attempts to appear a cool as Linda was, his face flushed deeply once more. Linda reached for his hand and tugged him in the direction of the downstairs bathroom.

"Don't worry about her," Linda reassured him. "Janet just likes to shock people, especially new people."

"But she was watching us, when we were ma. . ." He paused, deciding to use her preferred term for coitus. "When we were . . . fucking just now."

He followed her into the bathroom, watching as she slipped of her robe. Even still, he felt a stirring of arousal. Linda was that hot. She even made stepping out of a bathrobe look sexy. Maybe he just had sex on the brain after breaking a five-year drought.

"Oh, I'm sure she didn't see much and certainly nothing she hasn't seen before." Linda paused, wondering to herself if there was anything Janet hadn't seen and what that might be.

Showering together would have been more distracting if they hadn't just each had a nice orgasm bare minutes before. He still loved the feel of her soapy bottom as his hands caressed her beautiful buns and she enjoyed fondling his half-limp penis and washing his balls so very carefully. They kissed, of course, and for a little while almost forgot about their waiting dinner guests. Finally, when they both were squeaky clean, he said, "Hey, we gotta get dinner going."

The admonition spurred a flurry of activity as the dried one another and Linda fussed with her hair. Pulling her robe back on, she went in search of a fresh pair of jeans and a blouse. He tried to recall where he had a change of clothes besides in his bag. That was in the living room and he wasn't eager to go out there in only a robe, not with their guests there. Not that they hadn't seen him completely naked, burrier up to his pubes in Linda. Then he remembered the laundry and went to the laundry room to fetch his clean clothes.

The two emerged a few minutes later clean, fully clothed, and no longer reeking of arousal and its satisfaction. 

"'s'bout time!" Janet chided, gesturing with the bottle of chardonnay, "We just started a second glass."

They headed to the kitchen to prepare the meal and Janet and Sam joined them. Wine and conversation flowed steadily through the meal and the clean-up afterwards. That taken care of, they repaired to the living room to take advantage of the more comfortable surroundings by the fire.

"Hey," said Janet, "What about that hot tub Linda?"

"Oh yeah. It should be plenty warm by now. Let me go check." She rose to do just that.

Janet looked at him and spoke, "You know that the hot-tubbing here is in the nude, right?"

He recalled Linda's preference and that regard and how silly he felt when he'd shown up in trunks. He looked at Janet and shrugged. In truth, he would like to see Janet naked -- Sam too, for that matter. True, he would probably like to see just about any woman naked now but these two were really quite pretty. Pretty and sexy.

"I'm bisexual," she informed him matter-of-factly. "And very anal too."

This struck him as unusual information to share casually with a near-stranger but any other possible import passed right over his head. For the moment, his thoughts were filled with Linda and her aggressive, delightful sexuality. His penis began to stir.

"Down boy!" he thought to himself.

"What?" asked Linda, returning from her reconnaissance. 

"Oh, nothing," he assured her, looking discretely down to see if his crotch was betraying him.

"I was just explaining that I'm bi-sexual," Janet said. She looked back to him and continued, "but Sam's not. She's strictly a woman's woman. Aren't you Sammie."

Sam looked up and gave a small smile without any indication of self consciousness about being the subject of sexual speculation. "We understand one another Jan."

Linda stepped out of the room and returned a few moments later with four fresh, fluffy white robes. "Here," she said, tossing them onto the couch. "Put these on so you don't freeze on the way to the hot tub."

Janet and Sam headed to the bathroom to change. Linda chuckled as he headed for the laundry room to get out of his clothes. "It's not as though I haven't seen you naked, now is it?" She began to undo her blouse.

He considered her point and proceeded to strip in front of the fireplace, stepping into his robe when he was done. For her part, Linda had done the same and the sight of her taught, lithe form naked before the fire was undeniably arousing to him. She walked over and gave his dick a playful pat. "Oh, goody! There's more where that came from." She leaned to whisper in his ear, "You're quite the stud. I hope you're up for more fucking later." She kissed him below his ear and went to grab her robe.

They were each wrapped in white when Janet and Sam reappeared similarly attired.

Linda lead them to the hot tub.

The hot tub was located a short way up the slope behind the cabin, in its own enclosure. Even in summer, the night air at this elevation was quite cool and the enclosure kept the warmth in. This made for more pleasant soaking. The only light came from a small electric light in the ceiling above the doorway. It afforded sufficient visibility and a modicum of privacy too. The effect was rather appealing.

Once inside, Janet immediately slid her robe from her shoulders and stretched her arms above her head. This move showed of her fine form to best advantage. Her breasts were full but stood firm without support. Her nipples and areolae were smaller than Linda's and much paler, only a shade or two darker than the pale skin surrounding them. They were, however, nicely erect. 

She turned as she stretched giving them all a good look at her firm, alluring bottom and her sparse, pale pubic hair. When she had her back squarely to him, she bent over and touched her toes. This move favored him with the sight of her pale pink asshole and the few golden hairs adorning it. She clenched her pelvic muscles so that her anus appeared to wink at him.

As quickly as this show had started, she wrapped it up and slowly eased herself into the steaming water. Her actions had had the intended effect, however, and he was now hesitant to disrobe and display his incipient erection to the three women.

Not to be upstaged, Linda put on an even more outrageous performance than Janet had. She completed hers with half-a-dozen jumping jacks before sliding into the tub across from Janet. Sam looked at him and her expression seemed to be saying, 'don't mind Janet. That's just how she is.' She slipped out of her robe without theatrics and stepped into the tub.

Sam was a little shorter than Janet and a tad broader in the beam, but deliciously so. Her slightly curvier figure was fully feminine and she moved with grace. 

"It's too bad she's a lesbian," he thought to himself. "At least for the guys of this world. The lesbians must feel pretty lucky though."

He hesitated a few moments longer before noticing that the women were paying him no attention. They were engaged in conversation and didn't even give him a glance as his robe came off. He was just as glad since he was sporting a fairly clear semi by that time. What the hell, all three of them had seen it in use! That realization sent a small thrill through him and he grinned, just a little at the thought.

"You coming in?" Linda asked him. "The water's fine."

"Is it ever!" agreed Janet. Sam, as usual, was silent. He settled himself into the steaming tub, sitting next to Linda.

Even with Linda by his side, he couldn't help but appreciate Sam's appearance. In contrast to Linda and Janet, Sam was darker. Her eyes were a deep, clear brown and her hair was a rich brunette that fell around her shoulders like a wavy mane. Her breasts were certainly the largest of the three women here and again, by contrast to the blondes', hers were somewhat pendulous. Her nipples were dark, almost brown and her areolae covered almost half of her breasts. This was not the sort of breasts he favored, as a rule, but on that pretty, pretty woman, they looked just right. And pretty she was. Her face was almost angelic and perfectly proportioned. Her mouth was set in a classic cupid's bow and sported no lipstick to obscure her pretty dark pink lips. The barest fuzz of downy dark hair adorned her upper lip. In another age, it would have been considered a sign of beauty, though such was not the current fashion.

He assumed that Sam, like Janet, organized her life to fit her own expectations, not those of others.

In a surprisingly short time, he found himself comfortable sitting in the tub naked with three equally-unadorned women. After the passing sensuality of Janet's disrobing, things had settled into more normal channels and the only steam came from the surface of the water.

Linda had brought along the wine and glasses. They continued to sip slowly as they spoke about this and that. Linda and Janet clearly had a lot of catching up to do and most of the conversation revolved around people they knew in the local area. After a time, their conversation turned to a former friend.

It seemed this friend had placed herself in the center of a considerable local scandal and Linda seemed uncharacteristically interested in the dirt. It seemed that this friend had been caught bare-ass naked, being porked by the local insurance agent as she leaned spread-eagle over his desk.

"She was always such a prude," Linda commented. "After she found out that I had sex with Rod, she wouldn't speak to me." She turned to explain, "Rod was a boy we knew. He worked maintenance at the summer camp on the lake."

He nodded, a bit annoyed that she could so casually remind him of her other lovers.

Janet chimed in. "When she found out that I liked girls, she dropped me like a hot potato!"

Linda shuddered at an image that occurred to her, "And Mr. Johanssen must weigh close to 300 pounds! Yecchh!"

The two women laughed at that as though it were the most original wit of the decade. Sam continued to sit in silence but her steady gaze was locked on Janet and looked loving. His eyes traveled downward and he noticed that Sam's nipples were stiffening. Then he noticed that Janet's right hand was occupied between Sam's thighs. Sam's expression gave no hint of the casula stimulation she was enjoying.

Unknowingly inspired by Janet's actions, he gently moved his own hand to Linda's thigh, slowly trailing up and down its length until, at last, he neared her pussy. Linda parted her legs slightly to afford greater access, clearly pleased with this turn of events.

When Janet had finished dishing on their former friend, Linda turned and kissed him on the lips, a long, lingering kiss. She traced her tongue across his lips, massaging them until he parted them and returned her attention. For a brief time, in their increasing arousal, they were oblivious to their tub-mates.

Janet reasserted her presence by splashing them vigorously. "You two remember us?"

"Well," responded Linda, unabashed, "what's kissing when you already saw us fucking?"

"Point taken." Janet paused. "You were looking pretty hot back there. Weren't they sexy, Sam?"

"If you like dick!" Sam said, a touch defensively.

"You know I do, Sam." Janet said softly.

"Yeah." Sam cast her eyes downward. "It's something I just can't give you."

"Oh sweetie!" Janet flung her arms around the dark woman's shoulders, hugging her tightly to her breast. "You know you do things for me that nobody else ever could." She kissed Sam full on the mouth with at least as much enthusiasm as Linda had shown for kissing him. "I love you, baby."

"Mmm mmm," was all Sam could say.

Watching the two women in their sweet, loving kiss was a new experience for him and he found it exciting. 

The conversation returned to matters more mundane and the sexually charged opportunity passed un-acted upon. After a few minutes, though, he once more worked his fingers to Linda's pussy and was relieved when she responded buy reaching foor his swelling member, idly stroking it up and down in the hot water.

Janet announced that she was getting too hot in the water and pulled herself out to sit on the edge of the tub, feet still dangling in the warmth of the water.

He found her frank stance disconcerting. With her legs out to either side, her pose offered an unobstructed view of her sex, the downy hairs darkened by dampness and the water making it all glisten as though from arousal.

The water was getting to be too much but there was no way he was crawling out now, not with a full erection in Linda's hands. From her perch, Janet could see Linda's hands though the swirling water obscured the details. She knew what her friend was doing and it made her yearn for a fuck from a guy. Although she owned some plausible plastic playthings, sometime the only thing that would do was flesh and blood. A trace of her own juices mingled with the water dripping from her crotch.

Linda had ceased conversation and was working hard on his cock. She was hoping she could make him come while there were others present. He needed to broaden his horizons and a little exhibitionism might do him some good. He was still mesmerized by Janet's twat. As he stared her lower lips seemed to swell and change from pale to a richer, hotter pink, like a blooming rose.

Linda nuzzled the nape of his neck. She reached her free hand underneath him, searching for his balls to play with. Her attempt was interrupted by Janet's imperious clapping.

"Okay, Linda. You're the hostess here. That means you gotta share."

"THIS?" Linda asked, making her motions more obvious. "You want me to share this fat prick with you all?"

"Just with Janet," Sam was quick to interject, "not with me. I don't do dicks. Just pussy."

Linda turned back to him. "Hop out. We're gonna need better access and I don't have gills."

He hesitated, being far enough from an orgasm that his reticence overrode his urges. 

"Oh come on!" Janet exclaimed. "We all saw you two fucking earlier. If you're shy, why not draw the drapes? What've you got to hide now?"

He gave in. The situation was moving fast out from under him, into unexplored territory. He wasn't sure he wanted further in but he wasn't sure that he didn't either. He hopped up to the tub's edge, sitting on the cedar decking that surrounded the swirling water, his erection proud before him.

Janet splashed into the water and crossed over to where he sat. She leaned in close and gave his dick a critical appraisal. She apparently approved of what she saw for she looked at Linda and asked, "May I?"

"Let me warm it up for you." Linda lowered her face to his lap and, opening her mouth wise, engulfed the dark red cock head, swirling her tongue around the sensitive site.

Janet nodded encouragingly. She was enjoying watching her friend give head and found the way her lips slid up and down his thick shaft to be really exciting.

He hadn't expected anything like this and he didn't like the way Janet talked about him as if he were an inanimate object. Then again, maybe to her, that's what he was. Either way, he did like the feelings they were giving him.

Janet maneuvered herself until her face was level with Linda's. She worked herself a little lower and managed to lap at his balls while Linda sucked that cock. Following one particularly deep stroke, Janet worked her way up the midline of his scrotum and up the swelling along the underside of his dick. When she reached his cockhead, she traced her tongue across Linda's lips.

Linda was so into sucking dick that she nearly forgot that Janet was there. This brought it back to her. She pulled herself off his penis and proceeded to tongue wrestle with the other blonde. After a long, sensual kiss, both women moved back to his prick, licking either side of his shaft at the same time. These women knew their way around a blowjob. While the sensations they were giving him felt incredible, there was no danger he would blow his load anytime soon. They were being careful to draw this out.

He, meanwhile, was absorbing all the attention and the sensations that came with it. When Janet pushed Linda aside and began to swallow him in earnest, he grabbed a handful of her hair and forced her into the rhythm he wanted from her. Far from being put out by such treatment, this slight assertion of control actually turned her on. In her relationships, she was almost always in control but sometimes it was nice to let someone else take the lead.

Abruptly, she let off of fellatio and brought her face to his, keeping one hand wrapped around the base of his dick. "I need this," she informed him. "Now!"

He looked to Linda as if for permission but she was whispering something into Sam's ear. 'What the heck?' he thought to himself, 'If she had any objections, she'd'a raised 'em.' In this surmise, he was correct.

"Lie back, Lover Boy. I'm gonna ride that fat prick of yours."

It had been several months since last she fucked a guy. She didn't do it as often as she might have wished out of deference to Sam's feelings. Sam had known what she was getting when she and Janet hooked up but she was sometimes a bit jealous of Janet's male lovers anyway.

"No. You get on your back."

"Alright, I can go for that." Janet placed her palms flat on the edge of the deck and pulled herself from the tub in one fluid motion. As soon as she was out, she rolled over onto her back and spread her lithe athlete's legs wide, giving an even better view of her excitement than she had earlier. She looked him straight in the eye, her own icy blue eyes seeming to say 'come fuck me.'

Seeing her so proved irresistible to him and he followed her out of the tub. His exit from the tub was less graceful, though no less effective. He lay himself beside her, placing his right hand on her left breast. As with Linda, be resisted the temptation to home right in on her hard pink nipple. Instead, he lightly stroked the pale skin of her prominent breast as if they had all the time in the world.

"Skip the foreplay, Ace, I'm ready to rock-and-roll." Her voice confirmed the urgency of her desire. "Stick it in."

Who was he to ignore a lady's request. He rolled onto her and soon had his swollen rod at the hot, slick entrance of her drooling cunt. He thrust right into that eager tunnel and was balls-deep in an instant. He waited a moment, savoring the sensations of a strange twat gripping him, before he began to slowly withdraw, pulling out until his head was drawing out her engorged inner lips. He slowly moved back into her womanly depths.
