 [Author's note - title space limitations here have caused me to change this from what I'd said it would be in the previous chapter. As for what's next, well, there's nothing on the horizon but that doesn't mean there won't be more. Depending. of course, on reader interest. Let me know.]

***

Well, let's see. You should know by now that my name's Paula Oort, I'm five-eight, have 38DD boobs and that I love sex. You ought to know that this all started because I figured it's time that us happy, healthy, horny women claimed equal time in the sex category. Near as I can tell, I think about sex as much as any guy. I like all kinds of sex (if you need a more categorical listing, read the previous chapters. Like the do on "Shameless" (it might be my middle name, actually) I can't be bothered filling you in 'cuz you were too busy jerking off to read my adventures! Do it yourself -- hell, you've been doing it yourself for a while, anyway, right?

A little more seriously, though, I used my time at college to gain very well-rounded heels. I mean, yes, I did that, but what I meant to say was a well-rounded education. Of course, there's no question but that I fucked and sucked my way through school -- but I also graduated with honors, so you can't tell it that it was detrimental in any way. Oh, wait -- my athleticism in approved sports did suffer. Of course, if they'd approve of gang bangs, orgies and weekend long affairs, I'd be in line for some sort of medal. 

This particular chapter should be of interest to those of you who love reading about group sex, gang bangs, "pulling a train," -- all those euphemisms they've come up with where one woman takes on multiple men. You know, "cocks in every whole and covered with cum" stories. I know all about them -- what do you think I masturbated too after I'd first had sex? I had a saved set of search terms that I'd use on every free porn site, and I kept looking for the women who seemed to be really enjoying themselves as they were filled up with dick. I didn't even know Literotica had any other sections beyond group sex. Well, not exactly true. I knew -- I just had no interest in them for a long time!

I mean, what woman who enjoys sex, who loves the feel of cocks in each of her holes, not want to have one in them all at once? Hmmm. I take that back -- there seem to be plenty of them -- but from MY particular point of view, I think those women are all suppressed prudes. I loved giving blowjobs, probably because it feels like you have every iota of a man's attention focused on the sensations you are providing his dick. So not only is it a power trip, it's arousing on my side as well. Or maybe the power is arousing -- but in any case, I got off getting them off. I also like come -- the taste, the texture, the heat. It's absolutely unique. 

I should add, though, that I refused to become a fuck toy, so I've only sucked a select few guys who hadn't first gotten me off. I was known as a woman who would put out as long as I was taken care of. I practiced deep throating on a lifelike dildo I had because I wanted to make sure I could; when I finally had the chance with a real cock, it was another world entirely! (Thanks, Bobby Janes. I'll always remember you and your cooperative cock.) Dildoes don't come and throb and pulse and shoot that delicious stuff. Real ones do. Sometimes multiple times on the same night!

And, of course, there's the amazing feeling of a live cock in your pussy -- it's every bit as wonderful for a woman as it is for a man (that is, if the guy is paying attention, of course.). Not only that, but every one is different and unique. My favorite (but don't tell him) is my brother-in-law Frankie -- he's thick as a water bottle, and just past the head it bends up and to the right. It's such an amazing feeling moving inside me! HEY! I found out before he became family, so watch what you're thinking. I wouldn't mess with my sister's marriage -- unless she offered him to me! We had a hot six months before I introduced them and she cast her spell. If I find another cock that does what his did, I'll probably marry it -- with or without the guy attached!

Once I'd tried (and liked) anal, that made multiple cocks a must on my list. High on it. Of course, if the truth be told, so many other amazing things have happened that I never thought of that I've pretty much done away with that list. Does that explain why I loved watching gang bangs? Loved it so much that I would fill two thirds of my three holes with vibrators and mash a Magic Wand on my clit! Some of the videos inspired me. Some turned me off, frankly. Especially the ones where the woman was brutalized, or it was meant to be a rape scene. It was watching a few of those that I began to wonder about getting into bukkake -- up until then I only wanted come in me, and after that I began to think about having it on me. 

At any rate, I was always wondering when and how I would make something like that happen. How could I get a bunch of guys together who would play by my rules (treat me with respect unless I said otherwise, make sure that their attention was on me, and so on) and yet fuck me silly for a night? Frankly, I had tucked that away in my mental bucket list, and was pretty happy with all the sex I had between my roommates, the occasional dates I had and even an occasional encounter with my toys. My one weekend as a complete submissive cumslut had opened up a door into a new world for me, but while I enjoyed it and could see doing that more, I wasn't converted by any means. 

It was a new year at school. All three of my roommates/lovers were back, and I was now bunking with Gwen Wong, our five-foot-tall second generation Asian American and a firecracker with a pussy that was always wet and a mouth like a truck driver. We had sex together at least twice a week. It was after one long night where she'd produced a strap-on as big as most of the cocks I'd seen and then hammered the crap out of me that we got to talking about our fantasies. 

Gwen, as it turns out, had been harboring one that she had a hard time telling me about. Hers was about being kidnapped, taken somewhere, stripped naked, bound and then having every hole used and abused. Initially hesitant to talk about it, by the time she was describing being trussed up and gang fucked, we were both soaking wet and playing with our clits. Hell, we came at the same time -- a first! 

"Do you think I'm sick?" She asked.

"Yeah, but who cares? It's your fantasy! And, in case you didn't notice, it got both of us aroused. I'm at least as sick as you are!"

"Well, we knew that." I punched her arm. "And now it's your turn, slut cakes. What's the fantasy that gets you turned on?"

"Hmmmm...I imagine myself in stockings, garter belts and heels. No other clothes. And I walk into a room full of men in nothing but their shorts -- briefs, actually. They're all clearly athletes -- there's not a wimp or geek among them. Massive pecs, washboard abs, strong legs and some gorgeous butts. They're all happy to see me, and I can see that in the growing bulges in their briefs. I walk down the line of them, pressing up against them, running my hands over their sculpted bodies and making sure to get a feel of ALL their muscles. I kiss each one deeply and move to the next. By the time I get to the end of the line I'm dripping wet and ready, but I reverse direction, on my knees, moving from one to the other. I use my mouth on the outside of some underwear, I reach in and pull out big cock after big cock. Each one is a little bit different, and all of them are hard and thick. They all taste different, and by the time I've gone back up the line they are all naked and hard. That image, of a half dozen cocks hard for me hits a place nothing else does!"

Gwen's mouth was open, her eyes, glazed, and her hand was back on her clit. Seems that it was a pretty powerful fantasy. 

"I have all sorts of pieces to it. In some I spend a lot of time on my knees, sucking one after the other, drinking come from each. In another -- and this is weird -- they all jerk off and cover me with come."

"That's not weird, that's pretty common in porn. I've seen that, but it doesn't do anything for me." Said Gwen

"That's why I think it's weird. I watch scenes like that and can't imagine how that would be anything except ultra-messy. But it's flashed in my head some nights. Who knows?"

"Don't knock it until you've tried it, right?" 

"Right. Don't plan to try it, but who knows? Anyway, another part of it is on a bed on all fours. I suck what's in front of me, and get both my ass and pussy eaten. Then it goes on and eventually I imagine have all my holes full of cock over and over, come in my belly and oozing out of my puss and my ass."

"Damn. Now I have a new fantasy. I think I'll have fun with it!" 

"You go ahead. Let me know if you come up with anything, I've left out so I can add it to mine!" We were both laughing by then. We turned over and went to sleep, visions of sugared cocks dancing in our minds. (Sorry, writing this while Xmas carols are playing!)

A week later I got a call from Barb, our RA. In addition to taking care of all the girls in the dorm, Barb had another line of interest -- she served a pimp named Teddy. Who had a 14-inch cock and seemed to be able to take over a woman with it. At least, this woman! 

"Paula, can you come up to my room?" She asked. 

"Everything okay?" I asked. 

"Absolutely. And everything might get even better. I'll say more when you get here." She hung up, and now I had an incentive to get there.

I knocked on her door, and then just went in. Barb was sitting on her couch, a beer in hand. I grabbed one from her fridge and sat next to her. 

"What's up?"

"I think we may be able to help one another. I hear about your fantasy life..."

"WHAT?! Gwen wasn't supposed to..."

"Oh, please, girl, give that up. You know what Teddy's cock can do. Gwen had a lot to say while he worked it into her. If it weren't for a situation that's come up, I would never have brought it up. It's not on the internet for cryin' out loud. And you know you can't fault Gwen -- you shared a bunch of stuff, in case you don't remember."

"It's just a little surprising. I know what his cock can do. Tell me -- how did he fit it all into such a tiny girl? I would have loved to see it!"

"The answer to that is simple -- he didn't! It wouldn't fit! And if you play your cards right, you may get to see it, since she wanted it on video!" 

"I'll ask her. We'll enjoy it together. Did you tell her that I'd spent time with Teddy?"

"No, we keep that private. For the most part. This time is an exception. What would you say if I could make that fantasy of yours come true?"

My breath caught in my throat. My pussy was immediately soaking! I felt my nipples harden. There was only one answer. 

"I'd say you were a magician!"

"Well, here's the deal. Next weekend, Teddy's hosting a group of Olympic athletes -- all members of the men's triathlon team are coming to town and he's putting them up at his home. Ten gorgeous hunks of masculine meat. He wanted them to have a weekend they wouldn't forget. He could provide each one with a partner, but then we heard about you. And we know what kind of stamina you have, so it would simplify things greatly that way..."

"And?"

"We figured that paying you instead of ten separate women would save us a little bit."

"Shit! Not only do you want me to fulfill my fantasy, but you'd pay me for it? I must be dreaming! How much?"

"$5,000."

"I'm in -- but with a few conditions."

"Name them."

"Well, no violence. No bondage. If I say stop at any time, they have to agree to back off."

"That's it? No problem, I promise. Anything else?"

"Not that I can think of, but if I do, I'll let you know. Oh, how do we keep this legal, by the way?"

"Just give me your bank account number. I'll make sure the money's there before the weekend starts and you can check it before we begin. No cash changes hand. You are just there to reward the athletes of your favorite Olympic event for all their hard work. You want to let them know that some fans appreciate how hard they have it." 

"I love it. I'll see if I can get even more creative than that. But it works. Friday night until Saturday evening?"

"Exactly."

Amazing. Simply fucking amazing! I was about to have my fantasy sex experience come true and get paid for it! How good could life be? I had a thought, and called Barb.

"Here's one more thing -- they all have to be certified DDF or wear condoms. And if any of them are married or in a relationship, if they can't look me in the eye and promise me that their significant other knows about this and endorses it, then they don't get to play. I won't bust up marriages. If I get a sniff of a question, I'll want to talk to their partner. Seriously!"

"Already planned for the testing. As for the "other women" thing, let me talk to Teddy. Personally, I like your position on it -- and being willing to call will have them tell the truth. I'll put it to him this way -- he's providing a high-class service, and that's part of what makes it special. Hell, he can talk to their partners and probably win them over -- he does have a way with women. As you well know!" 

"Make sure he knows that's non-negotiable. No conversation for permission, no play."

I hung and went out to the common area of our suite. I was sitting on the catch, eyes closed, trying to imagine what it would be like, when the other girls came in. 

I opened my eyes. "Gwen, you're forgiven." 

She immediately colored up, and began to open her mouth. The other girls looked at each other. 

"You don't have to say anything, honey. I know what happened, and I know it wasn't intentional. But I bet it was wonderful, wasn't it?"

Her eyes widened. "You?"

"Oh yes! Me!"

Sheila interrupted. "What are you guys talking about? Fill us in!"

"Part of that is up to Gwen. But I can let you in on my part of things. We shared our fantasies with each other recently. I'm not going to talk about hers, but she inadvertently let someone know mine. And I'm going to live it out next weekend!"

It shouldn't surprise anyone who had been reading all my stories that what happened next was a wild time with four very normal, horny women who were already intimately acquainted with one another -- in other words, as we shared our fantasies with each other, we all found ourselves aroused by each other and we all had to contribute to relieving that arousal. For hours and hours. 

The time went by pretty quickly, and then it was Friday afternoon and I had to pack for the weekend. I certainly wasn't planning to wear much of anything, but I still packed some t-shirts, a robe, panties, bras, stockings, garter belts and heels. And, on a whim, I included some of my favorite toys and lube. Before I walked out the door, I checked my bank account -- it was $7500 richer!

When I got to Teddy's home, Barb met me at the door. 

"I thought we said $5,000?"

"We did, But Teddy added more. He said you added a level of class and integrity that he appreciated and that impressed the team."

She showed me to the room I was using. I didn't have to debate what I was wearing -- we already knew. She watched as I got rid of my street clothes, put on the garter belt and stockings and then stepped into the heels. I did a three sixty and asked one word.

"Well?"

"You look delicious! Excited?"

"You think? See how my pussy is dripping? I've never had that happen before! And while it's a little weird, I'm really digging it. Let's do this!"

She took my hand and led me down the hall to the common room on the second floor. Entering the room, it was everything I had dreamed of! Ten men, all in spectacular condition, with well-toned bodies and sizable bulges in their shorts. I don't know if one can smell testosterone, but these were MEN. And they were all for me for as long as I could stand it! I felt my nipples grow hard, and I would swear I now had a fountain between my legs! 

Barb spoke. "Gentlemen, I'd like you to meet Paula. To satisfy a question that undoubtedly has come to mind, her 38DD boobs are absolutely natural. As is all of her, for that matter. She asked to be yours for the weekend to show her appreciation of the hard work -- and other hard matters -- you have been putting in."

They applauded! I know I blushed. I walked over to the first of them and took a minute to appraise him head to toe. Blonde hair, blue eyes, a light complexion and a smile that promised more. I put my hands on his waist and pulled him close -- close enough to feel him growing hard -- and looked up at him. "I'm Paula, and I'm yours." It was all I could think to say -- and apparently it was enough. 

"I'm Dominic, the team Captain. And I am yours." Our lips met and we pressed our bodies together. Eventually we broke the kiss and I moved to the next man. He was about the same size as Dominic, but his skin was ebony, his hair was black and his eyes dark brown. "Hello Paula. I am Andre, and I'm delighted to eat you."

"Promises, promises" I said with a laugh, moving into his embrace. Every inch of my skin felt alive and on fire. The cock that was growing rigid between us was big one -- one I couldn't wait to touch, so I ran my hand along the outside of he briefs. It was even bigger.

Suddenly I felt movement at my back, and a hard male body was pressing into me. Hands were reaching between me and Andre to cup my breasts, and in my ear I heard a deep bass voice that tingled as I listened to it. "I am Russo. I will make you happy to meet me, I promise you.' I broke the kiss with Andre and turned into Russo's embrace. He was shorter than the others, but no less endowed -- the cock sticking up into my stomach let me know he would probably have no trouble keeping his word. 

Russo had started something -- no sooner were we kissing than I felt another body pressing into my back. This time I felt a cock between my ass cheeks, thick and hard. As he embraced me and began to hump my crack, I heard his voice in my other ear (had they practiced handoffs? If so, yay coach!) "My name's Richard, but you can call me Dick. Hell, you call me anything you like, actually." Richard and Russo squeezed me tightly between them. I felt like a sandwich and loved it!

I sensed movement, and suddenly stood alone. A short man -- so short I had to lean down to kiss him came to my front, as hands went around my waist from the rear. 

"I am Edward, and at your back you can undoubtedly sense Matthew. We tend to work as a pair, and we have plans for you." And then he had my head pulled down into a kiss with him that literally lit my fire! I felt hot cock front and back and my head was beginning to spin. 

They pulled back after leaving me very impressed with the amount of cock they had. I was beginning to relax into the body sensations, until the next man came forward and I noticed the wedding ring on his hand. A swarthy, dark haired, handsome man who was an inch or two shorter than my five-eight, he saw me notice his ring, and I was surprised to see him on a cell-phone, which he offered to me. The room grew silent.

"Um, Hello."

"Hello, Paula. My name is Nancy, and I presume my husband Tony just handed you the phone. You've undoubtedly noticed his wedding ring. We were told about your conditions and I can't tell you how thrilled you made me! I love Tony, and one of the things I love is how fucking sexual he is. There was no way I could say no to this, 

especially because he's already promised me, he'll be sharing every instant with me when we get back together. I know this is just about sex. I haven't a shred of concern that anything other than that will happen. Is that good enough for you?"

"I need to make sure you're not some plant. I hope you don't mind." I hesitated. "Tell me something about your body that only he would know."
