 The sun had set almost two hours before, yet the temperature still hovered around 85 degrees. Alexis and Cam strolled the down town park together as they had for months now. They had been together for 2 years now and every bit in love with each other as a couple could be. 

Alexis, in a long billowy dress, low cut in front, showing her ample cleavage. She wore a no panties, it had been, just too damn hot. Her ass jiggled slightly as she walked, hand clasped in Cameron's. As she thought to herself, she wondered why fortune had smiled on her. Cam was a nice guy, kind, gentle, and seemed to be her fist lover that, allowed her, to be herself.

At that same moment Cam was thinking the same thought. Why did he deserve this woman? Alexis was quite possibly the hottest woman he had ever known. With that thought he slide his left arm around her waist and drew her close. He leaned over and gave her a kiss just below her right ear.

"I love you, you know" he whispered.

"Mmmm, I know," she purred, "I know you make me feel loved all day long"

The tingle of that kiss by her ear, started to burn it's way down her neck to her breasts. That happened almost every time he did that. Cam leaned over and kissed Alexis again, same spot. This time a little more passion. The tingle became a slow burn, and a slight ache in her breasts.

"Stop that," she begged " We're in a park." 

" I know, I'm just kissing you." he teased

"It's where your kissing me, you know what that dose to me." she groaned.

Cam ignored her pleas, and started to kiss lower on her neck down to a spot half way between her neck and shoulder, and wrapped his arm a little tighter around her waist. She half heartedly tried to wiggle away.

Alexis started to melt, her breasts were tingling now, and her nipples became fully erect started to ache. 

Cam steered Alexis off the main path, away from the lights, and towards the center of the park. She smiled, she new the center of the park, very few lights, even fewer people.

Cam's hand slid down her waist over her tail bone to her left cheek, he gave a gentle squeeze. A little squeal escaped Alexis's lips.

Damn she thought to herself, he knows exactly how to touch me, as her butt started to tingle too. The tingle moved through her ass to her pussy as the walked towards the big maple tree. It was here, two years they met. He smiled at her, as she sat under the tree. He came over and talked to her, asking her out for coffee that night. They met later at Starbucks and rest is history.

Cam had felt that Alexis was not wearing panties, realizing this, the blood started to rush to his cock. He became aroused, half hard, as they approached the old maple. Two steps from the tree Cam stopped short, and spun Alexis around, to face her. He looked deeply into her eyes, and leaned forward to kiss her gently on the lips. As they kissed, Cam realized, how he loved to kiss this woman. Over the years, he had been with dozens of women, and not one could kiss the way a Alexis could, just the right amount of pressure and suction. 

He glanced over her shoulder, and saw the familiar picnic table, a few feet away. He rocked side to side and started her moving towards it. 

She felt him sashay her backwards, she knew the picnic table was there, and she knew what he had in mind. Alexis started to feel herself get moist at the thought. As she eased back she felt her behind touch the table, Alexis eased up on the table and sat down, lips still touching Cam's.

Breaking the kiss, Cam bent forward and grasped the hem of Alexis' dress, and raised it to just above her knees. He squatted down and began to kiss the inside of Alexis' knees. Left and right, he kissed, each one get more wet and passionate. Soon he was slowly licking the lower part of her thighs.

Alexis was starting to moan, licking her thighs would do it every time and Cam knew exactly what to do for her. She tilted back her head as another moan escaped her lips.

"Aaaww, fuck, I love when you do that to me," she said, losing control with each lick. "...don't you dare stop." She leaned back on her elbows, and looked down at Cam. He looked back at her and started to inch his way up towards her inner thighs.

Cam kept licking as he moved closer to her pussy, he began to smell her musky sent. His cock began swell more and was fully engorged. He could feel it throb with every beat of his heart. He loved the way she smelled, he would make a cologne of it, if he could. As he licked, he could start to taste her, some must have run down her thigh as they walked. The dress was now up around her waist, and he looked upon her pussy. So beautiful he thought. 

Alexis couldn't take it any more, she grabbed the back of Cam's shaved head and thrust her crotch at his face. He instinctively started to lick at her lips, not yet parting them with his tongue, letting him tease her a little longer. 

" Suck my clit,"she purred, "come on, suck it, pleeeeease!"

Cam took in a deep breath of her sweet sent, and wrapped his lips around her clit.

Alexis froze, and suck in a gulp of air, and slow let it out, moaning as she did. She felt the warm wet of his mouth on her excited sex. Alexis began to feel a swelling in her lower stomach, that feeling she gets as she became more excited. She quickly undid the first three buttons of her dress, and reach under the cup of her bra, to play with her nipples, as she leaned back and laid down. Suddenly there was a feeling of two fingers penetrating her lips, and on into her pussy. 

Cam thrust his fingers into her wet hole, and pushed them upwards towards her g-spot. That little spot, about the size of a quarter, on the front wall of her pussy.

"That it Babe," He growled "take it in, you're so sexy like this. That's it fuck my fingers, I'm gonna make you cum so hard!"

The sound of his voice sent her to the edge, she was so close now. She could feel his fingers on her g-spot and his lips and tongue on her clit. She was going to fuck him so hard when they got home. As she thrust against his fingers, she got closer with each movement.

The tingling spread across her belly from her nipples down to her cunt. It began as a small wave. Like a ripple in a pond, and accelerated quickly to breakers crashing on the shore. Alexis moaned and panted. She squealed as she fought to catch her breath. Cam was still wiggling his fingers inside her and she was going to cum again, soon.

"Stop it," her protest fading as he stroked her insides, "no don't, I'll scream if I cum again!" It was to late as soon as she said it she started to cum again. Alexis closed her hand over her mouth to help muffle her cries of passion. 

Cam stopped rubbing her g-spot, but kept his fingers inside Alexis. He loved the feel of her contraction on his fingers. They slowly subsided and stopped after a minute. Alexis sat up, drained by the orgasms she had just had, and gazed into Cams' eyes. 


Alexis through her arms around Cam and hugged him so tight he thought he was being strangled. She slid her right hand down to his crotch and felt the waiting bulge, while she kissed his neck.

"Ooohhh," somebody whispered. 

As she rested her head on his shoulder, and opened her eyes, Alexis saw two people next to the tree. The couple stood ten feet away, one in front of the other. A beautiful woman stood in front, her skirt was pulled up to her waist, her partners arm around her neck and the other laid across her body, finger inside of the woman's pussy. As Alexis looked closer she realized that they were both women watching her and Cam. The woman and Alexis' eyes met. 

Alexis smiled.

The woman smiled back and looked over her shoulder at her butchy partner. She motioned with her eyes towards Alexis. The butch, slowly withdrew her fingers from the woman's pussy. They both started towards Cam and Alexis.

Cam was startled by the noise from behind him, turning quickly he saw the two women. He wasn't sure what to think, a touch from Alexis assured him it was okay. He became suddenly self conscious of the sweet stink all over his face. He turned to Alexis, and as if reading his mind she started to lick his face.

The women stopped to the left of, the amorous couple. Without a word the fem started to undo Cam's top button on his levis. Alexis stared at the butch with lust in her eyes. The butch smiled back and extended her hand. Alexis took it and wiggled around Cam, to get closer. Alexis put her hands on either side of the woman's face and leaned in to kiss her. They both opened their mouths and tongues entwined in a battle to please one another.

Cam was entranced by the woman unzipping his fly, and reaching into his boxers.

"Like this?" she questioned. With that she engulf his ridged member, in one big gulp.

"Jesus," Cam moaned, "Your mouth is so hot on my cock."

As he looked down, her head started to bob on his prick. Sucking as she went, and sliding her tongue along the underside of his shaft.

Alexis caressed the braless breasts of the dyke, they were smaller than her own and had more muscle behind them. But from the way the dyke was moaning she new that her nipples were very sensitive. Alexis slide her hand down to the dykes crotch, and was shocked to find a cock. She squeezed it, and realized that she wore a strap-on. Her pussy gushed, and she began to get wet again. The dyke grabbed Alexis and walked her over to the picnic table, and spun her around and, bent her over, and threw her dress over her waist. The dyke grabbed her pants and yanked them to the ground, freeing her fake cock. With a single motion she jabbed the rubber dick home into Alexis' pussy.

"Awwww fuck meeee!" Alexis called out. 

Cam watched as his woman was being ravaged by this pseudo-man, and became more turned on than before. The fem had slid her mouth over his cock to the base, and she began to rub her tongue all over the underside of his cock. Cam groaned, as he looked over to Alexis.

Their eyes locked. Alexis stared at Cam, and Cam back at her. He saw what was in her eyes, he had seen that look a thousand times before. Alexis was going to cum. Alexis saw the same in Cams' eyes. They both savored the moment. Time slowed as their gazes took hold of each other, and they enjoyed the exquisite please they felt. In a few precious seconds they experienced a perfect moment of ecstasy, and in another second they came. They both came so hard that neither heard the other call out their names.

Alexis collapsed forward onto the table, Cam had to brace himself on the fem's shoulder to stop from falling. The dyke turned to her partner and motioned for them to leave. She smiled and turned to walk away, Alexis looked up and said good-bye to the two. The dyke looked back and smiled. A few steps later and darkness had covered their retreat.

Cam looked at his girlfriend, she lay face first on the table, panting and smiling. "We should go," Cam said, "and soon." 

Alexis nodded and rose up and straightened her dress. She took his hand, and they started back home.

"You know Cam, I just love these evening strolls."