 Brenda and I had been dating for a few months now. We both agreed that our relationship wasn't exactly "serious" but we enjoyed each other's company and the sex was great so we were happy with things as they were. Well, this particular afternoon, Brenda had called me at work and asked me to stop by her place for a special dinner. Now, in the months that we'd been dating Brenda I'd never even heard her mention cooking so I was really wondering what I'd done to deserve such special treatment today.

When I arrived at her house she opened the door before I could even ring the bell. She'd obviously been looking out for me.

"Hey baby!" she said. "I've been waiting for you."

"Have you really?" I laughed. "I thought you were making dinner. I don't smell any food."

Brenda grabbed my hand and led me to the bathroom.

"Don't worry about dinner," she smiled. "It's almost ready. You go wash up."

"So what's on the menu," I asked as I walked into the bathroom.

She walked away as if she hadn't heard my question.

After I washed my hands I headed for the dining room expecting to find a nicely set table and dinner waiting but the table was bare and Brenda was nowhere to be found.

"Bren, where are you?" I called out.

"I'm in the bedroom," she answered. "Come here for a sec."

By now I was really confused. I mean she called me over for dinner and there was no dinner in sight. When I walked into the bedroom I understood. In the chair sat Brenda, completely naked, and playing with her pussy. On the bed lay one of her friends, wearing a sheer black bra and panty set. I couldn't remember the friend's name but I'd noticed her a week earlier at Brenda's cookout. This girl was beautiful and she obviously lived in the gym because she had a body like Janet Jackson - nice firm tits that were about a 36C, abs of steel, and a tight round ass. I stood there with my mouth wide open, not quite sure what I'd walked into. 

Brenda spoke first. "Baby, I hope you like what I've prepared for dinner. I know you're probably shocked but I've been craving this for a while now. I want to watch you fuck the shit out of my friend."

I was still standing there unable to believe what was happening when Brenda walked over, pulled my pants down and started sucking my dick. She knew I couldn't resist her once she started giving me head. She had sexy full lips and I loved to watch them wrap around my dick as she took it all into her mouth. She sucked my cock slowly at first, like she was savoring the taste of it, but then started sucking harder and faster. All I could think was 'damn, I knew Brenda was a freak but I didn't think she was this kinky'. The more I thought about it the more it turned me on. Shit, this was every man's fantasy right here! I looked over at the bed and "Janet" was lying there staring at us and rubbing her pussy through her panties. I couldn't take it anymore. If this was really happening I was not about to resist! I grabbed Brenda's head and started shoving my dick down her throat.

"Damn, I had no idea you were such a fuckin slut!" I growled.

That only turned her on more and she moaned as I rammed my dick in her mouth. By now my dick was rock hard. Brenda pulled away with a satisfied look on her face.

She grinned at me and said, "I take that to mean you're going to make my fantasy come true. But since I'm the chef, I get to taste the meal first." Then she walked over to the bed. I watched as Brenda ran her hand up Janet's thigh to her pussy. 

She looked at her friend and said, "I see your pussy is already wet but I'm gonna get it ready for that dick." 

Janet kept her eyes on me the entire time but Brenda got right to work. She spread her friend's legs, pulled her panties to the side and started licking and sucking at her pussy like she was starving. I started stroking my cock as I watched Janet grab Brenda's head and bury it in her pussy. All the while her eyes remained on me. The two women started moaning louder and louder and Janet was now rolling her hips while Brenda forcefully shoved two fingers into her pussy.

Brenda looked over at me and said, "Baby I think she's ready for you now. Come fuck her. The little whore's been wanting to fuck you since she saw you at my cookout."

I could see Janet's pussy juices running down Brenda's hand. How could I resist. Brenda ordered her friend to turn around and spread her ass cheeks so that I could fuck her from behind and sat in the chair. 

As I walked over to the bed, Brenda gave me my orders. "You'd better fuck her like the slut she is."

She'd get no arguments from me. I grabbed Janet's hips and pulled her back on my dick so hard she screamed from the pain. I couldn't believe how good her pussy felt. This girl had to have the tightest, wettest pussy I'd ever felt. As I slowly rammed my dick in and out of her cunt I looked over at Brenda. She'd pulled out a huge dildo and was sitting on her chair desperately shoving it into her pussy.

"Mmm, fuck her faster baby," Brenda commanded.

Her wish was my command. I started fucking Janet harder and faster. She was now moaning and screaming loudly and I could feel her hand rubbing her clit. It seemed like the harder I fucked her the more she wanted. I grabbed her hair and pulled her head back. That turned her on even more.

"Ohh yeah," she screamed. "Pull my hair. Shove that dick all the way in my pussy!"

I grabbed her hair with both hands and gave it to her like I was riding a horse. Janet screamed and clawed at the sheets.

"Oh you want it like this," I growled. "You've been wanting this since last week haven't you?"

"Yes!" she yelled.

I turned my eyes toward Brenda. Her eyes were fixed on me and she was ramming her dildo in and out of her pussy trying to keep up with my pace. She seemed to be thoroughly enjoying the show.

"Yeah baby, fuck her like that," Brenda moaned. "That's how the slut likes it."

She winked at me then smiled a devilish grin and said, "I know what else she likes."

I continued to pound Janet's pussy but I watched as Brenda got up from her chair and pulled a bottle of lube from a drawer. She walked over and squeezed the lubricant down the crack of Janet's ass.

"I want you to stick that big dick up her ass now," she said. "The little whore loves to be fucked in the ass."

Janet moaned her agreement.

I'd been taking orders thus far and I was not about to start objecting. Plus I'd always wanted to try anal but none of the women I'd been with were willing to let me.

I pulled my dick out and Brenda squeezed some more lube on Janet's asshole and onto my dick. As I rubbed the lube on my dick I looked at Janet's little asshole. It looked so tight. Like it had never been fucked before. Brenda held each of Janet's ass cheeks and spread them apart for me. I lined the tip of my dick up with her tight little hole and started forcing my way in. Janet moaned deeply as I watched the head of my dick disappeared into her asshole. I couldn't believe how tight it was. I continued to push deeper into her hole until her ass was pressed against my pelvis and I couldn't go any deeper.

I slowly pulled my hips back and I heard Janet gasp for air. As I thrust my hips forward I let out a slow moan. It felt like her asshole was clamped around my dick. I couldn't believe how good it felt. I closed my eyes and slowly worked my hips back and forth listening to Janet gasp for breath each time I pulled back. Brenda was still holding Janet's ass cheeks and started to push her ass back onto my dick. Slow at first but then harder.

"I told you to fuck her!" Brenda growled. "Fuck her faster."

I grabbed Janet's hips and did as I was told. I pounded her ass fast and hard. Janet's moans turned into screams.

"Oh, yesss!" She yelled. "Fuck me in the ass! Shove that big cock in and out of my asshole!"

Brenda was now underneath her and licking and sucking her pussy while I fucked her asshole. The harder I fucked her, the harder she wanted it.

"Oh God!" She screamed over and over. "That feels sooo good!"

I slapped her ass and growled, "You like that you slut? You like this big dick in your tight ass?"

"Yes!" She yelled. "Oh God yes!"

"You want it in your pussy too don't you? You want Brenda to fuck your pussy with that dildo while I fuck you in the ass?" I asked.

"Oh yeah," she answered. "I wanna be fucked in both holes. Pleease!"

Brenda got the dildo and started shoving it in and out of Janet's pussy.

Janet grabbed the sheets and started throwing herself back onto my dick and the dildo.

"Oh God! Fuck my pussy! Fuck my ass! Oh shit! I'm cumming!" She screamed.

It felt like her asshole squeezed my dick tighter as she reached orgasm and I felt my own getting close. It was like her ass was milking my dick.

"Ohhh," I growled. "I'm gonna cum."

I pulled my dick out of her ass and Brenda immediately started sucking it. Janet got on her knees and licked and sucked my balls.

"Baby, I want you to cum all over us," Brenda commanded. 

She sucked my cock as hard and fast as she could.

"Ohh yeah baby, I'm gonna cum all over your face," I said as I pulled my dick out of her mouth. These two beautiful women sat there with their mouths wide open as I shot my load all over their faces then I watched as they kissed and licked my cum off of each other's lips. 

As I fell onto the bed, exhausted, Brenda looked at me and said, "Rest up baby. You've got to fuck me next."

-------------------

Please vote and send me feedback letting me know what you think about this story. Thanks a lot and I hope you enjoyed.