 The Beach

He approached to outcrop of rocks, it was approaching noon, and he had been walking for almost an hour, it was twenty minutes or so since he last saw anyone on the beach. He looked over his shoulder at the empty beach behind him; he commenced to climb the rocks that separated the beach he had just strolled along and the unseen beach the other side of the outcrop.

As he climbed to the top of the rocks, the physical effort of climbing and the rising summer sun caused his head and torso to be swathed in sweat. He stripped off his T-shirt, and hung it over the strap of his rucksack, then climbed down to the beach on the far side of the rocks. He saw that it was a small, horse shoe shaped bay, with a beach of clean golden sand about twenty yards from the sea to the cliff base. Jumping the last few feet he landed on the deserted beach, he checked the cliffs and could see no habitation of any kind atop of the eighty-foot cliffs. Dropping his rucksack to the floor, he slipped from his rope sandals, slide his shorts down to his ankles along with his swimming briefs, now completely naked he ran to the deep blue yet transparent sea and dived into the onrushing waves. 

The water was cold at first to his sweating body, but soon he became accustomed to the water temperature, and the welcoming cooling effect it had on his tanned body. He swam and played in the waves for almost thirty minutes, before he stood and walked to the beach, collected his pile of possession and wandered to the centre of the horse shoe bay. He retrieved his towel from the rucksack, laid it out on the sand, placed his rucksack as a pillow and laid out in the sun, on his back for some serious sunbathing. 

The midday sun was beating down; as her closed his eyes he could feel the sun rays touching every part of his naked body, he felt wonderfully rested and at ease with the world. After a short while he was on the verge of dropping off to sleep, when a shadow was cast over his face, he opened his eyes to be greeted the site of a bright yellow dress, two long tanned legs emerging from the dress. His eyes became accustomed to the light, and then he saw a beautiful blonde girl of about twenty-two, shoulder length blonde hair, apparently ample bust, trim waist and firm tanned thighs disappearing up under the dress.

"Do you know that this is a private beach?"

She was standing about a foot from him, her feet by his head, as he ran his gaze over her wonderful figure, his eyes followed her thighs upwards and he thought, no he was almost certain her could see the lips of her pussy.

"No, I'm sorry I didn't realise, I just kept walking from my hotel, I didn't see any private signs, I'm very sorry." He apologised. She now had a small smile on her face, and explained, 

"There are no signs, we don't get many people this far along the beach, so as you are here now, you can make yourself useful and look after my things while I go for a swim."

Before he could agree, she reached behind her neck with one hand and unclipped the halter neck strap of her sun dress, the dress fell to sand, he had a mili-second view of her breasts before the dress fell over his eyes. He pulled the dress from his face, to find she was gone, raising himself to one elbow he saw her running down the beach to the sea, completely naked. He confirmed that she had a very trim figure, small waist, beautiful small but firm bum, as she turned at the seas edge to wave to him; he caught a glimpse of her ample breasts, before she dived into the waves. She looked wonderful.

Should he join her in the waves, no he was already in her bad books for being on her private beach, the least he could do was as she had instructed him, so he guarded her dress and beach bag, watching her play in the sea. After a few seconds he was aware of a stirring in his groin and his prick was growing, as he enjoyed the view of her naked play in the sea. It was ten minutes before she swam to the shoreline and then stood up in the waist depth water, then began walking towards him. Her shoulder length blonde hair flat against her head as she rang her hands over her face and then her hair. His eyes lowered their gaze to her wonderfully firm and ample breasts dripping wet. He was now half-erect, and was trying not to be, but the harder he tried to control his erection, the harder and bigger it got.

As she walked from the sea, the more of her wonderful 36-24-36, five feet six inch body was revealed, her trim waist, her naval, her hips, then her pubic mound, devoid of any pubic hair. She shook water from her breasts and stomach as she walked from the back towards him.

By the time she walked back to him, he was fully erect, and solid as a steel rod, he thought about putting something over the erection, her dress perhaps, but too late, she stood by his feet, looking down at him. Not so much as at him, more looking at his proud erection.

"Bloody hell, is that all you, more to the point is that all real". She exclaimed.

He smiled at her look of amazement or was it just sheer lust, 

"Yes, it's all me, it's all real and it's solid". He replied with pride.

She knelt down at the side of him, staring at his erection,

"I'm Susan, and I've never seen such a wonderfully large erection as yours, and I have seen a few. How big is it, twelve, thirteen inches?"

"Hi, I'm Alan, and the answer to you question is, the last time I measured it, it was fifteen inches long". He replied.

"I'm sorry to stare" she said almost drooling, "It's such a wonderful monster, so beautiful, so proud and so large. I just can't take my eyes of it".

He laughed and said, "That's the way it responds to a beautiful lady, especially a naked beautiful lady with a wonderful figure and the most wonderful natural breasts I've ever seen".

She placed her hands under her breasts and raised them to make them wobble and bounce about her chest, then retorted,

"Thank you kind sir, I'm glad that you appreciate my tits as much as I appreciate your wonderful erection. Would it be OK to touch it, just to make sure my eyes are not deceiving me".

He moved closer to her and said, 

"I'm sure that Percy the pink pussy poker would love to be felt by you".

She knelt over his body. Tentatively took hold of his erection with one hand and squeezed it, then she ran her finger to the head of his erection, running her finger over the large purple, blood engorged head. She placed her other hand onto his erection, below her other hand. Next she slid both hands down the entire length of the erection, down to his stomach, which was devoid of pubic hair. Holding his erection firmly at the base she manoeuvred the head to her breasts and played it against her now erect nipples.

"I can't believe I'm doing this, Percy's so large, so long, and so wide that I can't get my fingers around him" She exclaimed as she moved both of her hands up and down his erection.

He slid his hand to her thigh and caressed the outside of her leg up to the firm cheeks of her bum. Then as his hand moved to her breast, he warned her,

"If you keep that up for much longer Percy will give you a shower".

She giggled for a second and then remarked,

"There's only one way to put a stop to that then".

With one hand she grasped the base of Alan's erection and with her forefinger of the other hand she ran her fingernail down the length of his shaft to his balls. She smiled as his erection jumped to the feel of her fingernail, and she felt his scrotum tighten when her nail touched it. Next she ran the finger nail up his erection over the ridges and veins, thinking what a wonderful fuck it would give with all the undulation of his shaft. Her fingernail continued up until she reached the ridge that separated the shaft from the large blood gorged head, the fingernail traced around the ridge, producing a deep sigh from Alan. Then very gently she ran her fingernail around and back and forth over the massive head of his erection, which produced a deep moan of satisfaction from Alan.

She smiled at Alan obvious satisfaction with her handling of his magnificent erection; she took hold of the shaft of his prick, but was unable to close her finger around the shaft, and observed to Alan,

"Not only is your wonderful prick long it is wonderfully thick, all the more to pleasure any girl lucky to get her hands or more importantly her pussy on it".

She leaned further forward and placed her lips around the head of his erection, her lips took in half of the head of his prick and her tongue played all around the head, and slipped across and into the hole at the end of his prick. Still sliding her hands up and down his fifteen inches she slipped the whole of his helmet into her mouth and began sucking him.

He moaned, "That's wonderful, don't stop for the next week"

His hand explored her magnificent up turned breasts and played with her firm nipples, then his hand dropped down to her thigh and caressed her thighs again, but this time his hand roamed to her inner thigh, from her knee slowly to her groin. His finger traced the line between her leg and groin, then to her silky smooth pubic mound, his fingers brushed lightly over her vaginal lips, he felt her jump a little at this touch, and then he felt her push her lips onto his hand. He felt the warmth and moisture of her lips. He ran his fingers around the outside of her lips, and then rested his finger on her lips, very gently and very slowly he slid one finger between her lips into her pussy. In response to his caresses, she slid her lips further down his erection and moved one hand down to his balls, which in turn made him jump a little in surprise.

His finger explored the moist warmth of her pussy, he felt her opening her thighs wider to allow him deeper access to her, and he slid another finger into her and continued his exploration of her pussy.

She by this time had managed to take a further two inches of him in her mouth, as she bobbed up and down his magnificent erection; she thought only another eleven inches to go!!!

His two fingers were now deep inside her. Then he felt her hips begin to circle and grind back and forth, he moved his fingers to the front of her pussy to search for her clitoris. Finding it, he gently ran both fingers around and over it, this produced a moan from her as for a second her body went rigid. He continued with his caresses to her clitoris, slightly increasing the speed and pressure of the caress. Suddenly her whole body trembled and shook as her thighs closed around and trapping his hand. She withdrew her lips from his erection and moaned,

"That was wonderful, please, please don't stop."

As she experienced her first orgasm, her thighs relaxed their grip on his hand and he continued his manipulation of swollen clitoris. After another couple of minutes and a further orgasm for her, he pulled her on top of him, into the 69 position. She slid his erection into her mouth again, while he positioned his head between her thighs and explored her pussy with his tongue. 

He reached down her body massaging her hips, then her stomach and then her beautiful breasts. Taking her nipples in each hand her pinched caressed and rolled them between his fingers as his tongue ran around the outside of her pussy lips, then he parted her pussy lips and delved deep into her pussy. After a few seconds his tongue found her erect clitoris, he played with it for a short while, then sucked on it, released it and sucked on it again. This produced another moan from her, "OOOOOhhhh that's wonderful, don't stop, oooohhh yesssssss plaseeeeee"

Then she shook and trembled her way to another orgasm. He let her rest for a minute before he resumed his oral stimulation of her clitoris. She raised her head from his prick, and said,

"Right you horny bastard, it's your turn to come"

She began to stroke his erection with both hands, working from the base to it's large head, while she licked, kissed and gently bit his helmet.

Soon he was moaning in pleasure, imploring her to continue. Her hands were working furiously up and down his length, over the engorged head and down to his balls. Then after almost five minutes of her hand job, his grip on her breasts tightened, his body went rigid, his erection twitched in her hands, he shouted,

"Here it comesssssssss, oooohhh yesssss, OOOOOhhhh yesssssss."

He felt the pressures grow in his balls and then the pressure rose the length of his rock solid erection, her lips were around the swollen head. His erection began to twitch and throb; she removed her lips from him the second that his sperm shot from the head of his erection. One, twice, three times his sperm shot at her face and breasts, she continued stoking him slowly, still more spurts of his semen was blasted at her. As the spurts declined she replaced her lips to his still hard penis and sucked, licked him until there were no more sperm left in him.

He moaned,

"That was some blowjob; I've never come so hard and so long like that before."

She looked down at her body, seeing his sperm all over her breasts and stomach, she said,

"By the look of me it looks like you squirted a gallon of sperm over me, besides the pint I swallowed, you will need a week to replace it all."

"Oh don't worry there's plenty more from where that came from, now come here you sexy vixen, I going to give you a good fifteen inch fucking."

He rolled her onto her back, ran his hands over her breasts down to her waist then to her hips, massaging his sperm over her breasts and stomach. Positioning himself between her legs, he gave her pussy a little kiss, her clitoris a little kiss, and then he positioned the head of his still solid erection against the swollen lips of her moist pussy. His slid the head of his penis across her clitoris.

"Oh yes honey, that wonderful, but how come you are still hard?" She whimpered.

He laughed and said, 

"I'll explain later, because I have something more important on my mind, that is to give you a fifteen inch fucking and re-bore that beautiful pussy of yours, so that you can take all of me inside you." 

He used the ridge of the head of his still solid erection to excite her blood gorged and erect clitoris over and over again. Soon he felt her hips raise themselves to exert extra pressure on his erection and thus more pressure on her clitoris. As she continued to excite her clitoris in this manner, he inserted a finger into her pussy; it slid in easily into her warm and wet glory hole. He explored her pussy with his finger and sawed the finger in and out of her and then he inserted a second finger, continuing the exploration of her increasingly moist and warm pussy. Now her hips were bumping and grinding against his erection as he inserted a third finger in her pussy, he withdrew his cock head from her clitoris and removed his finger, from her pussy, positioned the massive cock head at the lips of her pussy. She spread her legs as wide as she could; she reached down and held her pussy lips wide open as he slid just the head of his solid cock into her. Immediately she orgasmed, moaning and crying out aloud, her whole body twitched, shook and trembled as she rode the orgasm. He waited until she had come down from her high, then pushed his erection in to her a further three inches.

She shouted, "No more yet, you have filled me, I feel I can't take any more."

He reached forward and played with her magnificent breasts, playing with and rolling her nipples between his fingers then squeezing and rolling her breasts around her chest. After a short while her felt her pussy grip his prick, and then she relaxed a little, slowly and very gently his eased his erection further in to her pussy, until she called out,

"Enough, I can't take any more, I must have it all in now."

He smiled, then slid his hand down from her breasts to her clitoris, then said,

"Let me know if I am hurting you, you have got about ten inches of my cock inside you, only another five inches to go if you can take it."

"Fuck me, I thought I had all of you in my pussy, it feels like I've got twenty inches not ten, But I want all of you inside me, so go slow and stretch my pussy to take all of you." She cried out, almost at the top of her voice.

He let her rest for a minute or so and withdrew his cock about two inches and then slid into her by about four inches, which received a grunt and a moan from her. He began playing with her clitoris again with one hand as the other lightly ran the length of her stretched pussy lips; this produced a low humming noise from her, as she rotated her hips in a circle around his erection. Then after a couple of minutes and completely out of the blue, her hips jerked towards him, and she forced the remaining three inches of his erection into her pussy and his balls bounced against her arse.

"Oh that feels fucking wonderful, I feel so stuffed full, like never before." She called out in triumph.

After he had let her settle and accustom her pussy to the size of his erection, he slowing withdrew just an inch and pushed back into her pussy, then again, then again, then he withdrew two inches and pushed back into her.

"Yes my fucker that feels wonderful, fuck me hard, long and fuck me good, stuff that fifteen inch weapon into me till it hurts". She instructed him.

Still going very slowly he withdrew more and more before he plunged back into her, until he was withdrawing ten or eleven inches and slowly sliding back into her pussy and cramming her pussy with her erection. Now she was used to him pistoning his ten inches or so in and out of her wet pussy he increased his speed, and within seconds she was experiencing yet another orgasm. This time he did not stop for her to enjoy the orgasm but increased the speed and depth of his fucking strokes, harder and faster, faster and deeper he forced his erection into her. She again trembled, shook from head to toe, her hips bumped and ground her groin against him as his cock forced it way deep into her pussy. Her whole body went rigid, her pussy grabbed hold of his cock, stopping him from withdrawing for a while, as her body rode her orgasm.

She was shouting, "I'm coming, I'm coming. Oh that wonderful, I'm commmmiiinnngggg."

Her pussy released its vice like grip on his erection, and he continued pistoning his fifteen inches in and out of her pussy, long hard deep stokes, bottoming out each time, grinding her body into the sand. She reached up to his chest and ran her nails over his chest and nipples; he forced her legs back towards her chest as his erection delved deeper into her pussy. She twisted his nipples and then ran her fingernails down from his chest to his belly button then down to his shaved pubic mound and raked his skin there and on the tops of his thighs. He was now at full speed, his balls bouncing against her arse almost every second. Her hands returned to play and grasp his nipple, then she felt his erection twitch, he forced his erection deep into her once more then she felt his erection swell in girth. Then she felt his sperm being shot deep in her pussy, this made her have yet another orgasm as he pumped his sperm into her pussy. She encouraged him as she reached her own high,

"Yes, fill me with you come, fuck you sperm deep into my pussy".

To which he replied, 

"Yes take all my come in that beautiful pussy you wonderful fucker"

He continued pumping his sperm into her pussy, then they both slowly came down from their joint orgasm. Both exhausted and soaked in perspiration they collapsed into each other's arms and kissed.

"That was the best fuck I've seen for a long time."

The voice came from behind them; both looked to see who it was. He saw a stunning blonde, the double of the girl he had just fucked. This girl was standing about five yards away from them, wearing a red sun-dress that that had be buttoned down the front, but was now unbuttoned. Her breasts were uncovered by the dress now, and she had her hands down between her legs and had two fingers in her pussy and was playing with herself.
