 The House

The taxi dropped Alan off at a house at the end of a long dust track, he hoped and thought that this was the right house; the girls had rushed off earlier without telling him the address or giving him directions.

Oh well, he thought, nothing ventured. He rang the doorbell and waited. He could hear the noise of people talking from the back of the large two-story villa; this was surely a good sign.

A striking blonde woman in her mid forties, dressed in a red sarong, wrapped around her ample bosom, covering most but still leaving an interesting amount of cleavage on display, opened the door. The sarong reached down to just above her knees and was wound around a very curvaceous body, not slim and certainly not fat, but very nicely shaped attractive figure.

"Yes can I help you?" she said.

Alan realised that he was staring at the blonde's breasts and her figure, and she had noticed, she smiled as he pulled himself together, and looked her in the eyes.

"Good evening I'm Alan Brown, Sue and Eve invited me to a party, but did not tell me where, I was hoping it was here".

The blonde looked him up and down as he had done to her earlier, smiled, then said,

"Oh yes, the talented Alan, we have heard all about you, and I do mean all about you, follow me there are a lot of females in the rear garden all moist and awaiting your arrival".

Alan followed her through the large villa, out into the rear garden, which was immense, with a large swimming pool at one side. Alan followed the blonde to the swimming pool area, as they passed a man in his mid forties, he called out,

"Let's see what you are hiding under that sarong, Linda".

He was standing behind a gorgeous blonde in a blue full-length dress with a halter neck; he had his hands under the halter straps and was caressing the blonde's ample breasts. He took one hand from inside her dress and grabbed the hem of Linda's sarong, and tugged it off, leaving Linda completely naked. She turned to Alan,

"Excuse my husband, he's a sex maniac". She paused, and then added, "Thank goodness". 

Alan admired Linda's figure once more, but this time the sarong did not conceal her curves. She had glorious breasts, firm for her age, he guessed about 40 D cup, she had a narrow waist and shapely round hips, the body of some one thirty something. He glanced down from her hips to ascertain if she was a natural blonde, but found a completely shaved pubic mound, below a flat stomach. Her husband reached behind his blonde friend's neck and unclipped the halter straps of her dress, then released the straps, allowing the dress to fall to her waist revealing another pair of large yet firm breasts. He replaced his arms around her body, taking hold of her breasts and said to Linda,

"Snap, two beautiful pairs of large firm tits".

Linda shook her body, making her breasts bounce and shake about her chest, then said to Alan,

"Do you like big or little boobs, Alan"?

He kissed each of her nipples and then said,

"I like them all small, medium and large; I can't get enough of them, particularly when they are as beautiful as yours, Linda".

Linda walked right up to Alan, looked him in the eyes then rubbed her naked body against him, particularly her thigh against his groin, and then her hands caressed his groin until she found his limp and relaxed dick. She ran her finger up and down his flaccid dick, then said,

"My, you are a big boy, my daughters said you were big in the fucking equipment department, but I didn't believe them when they said how big you were".

They were joined by Eve, she noticed that her mother was exploring Alan's dick through his trousers, then said to them,

"Hi Alan, I am so glad you could make it tonight, I see Mother is checking out what we told her about you".

Eve was dressed in a red full-length dress, with a deep V neck and a slit up the side of the skirt to above her waist, it was obvious that she could not and was not wearing anything under the figure hugging dress. 

Alan could feel that Linda was starting to get his dick excited, he felt an erection start, she noticed also and doubled her attention.

They were then joined by Sue, wearing a stunning black mini dress with spaghetti string straps tied in a bow on her shoulders, the top of her dress barely covered her ample breasts, Alan felt his dick jumped and twitch as his erection grew.

"Hi Alan, nice to see you again, I see you have met our sexy mother, she doesn't always walk around naked but she was dressed in a tight sexy dress just before you arrived but stripped off to kneel down to give George over there a blow job".

Alan looked over to where Sue pointed and saw a man of thirty-ish, completely naked with his arm around a brunette, who was only wearing only a minute black thong. As he glanced around he saw Linda's husband, the girl's father? Now completely naked with his blonde wearing only a very minute blue G-string, he was on his knees, kissing her stomach and her apparently shaved pubic mound. 

Alan felt the zip on his trousers being pulled down, and another pair of hands unfastening the waistband of his trousers. He looked down and saw that Linda was pulling his zip down, Eve was working on the waistband of his trousers and then he felt Sue removing his shirt. Soon he was standing with the three beautiful women around him, and him only wearing his boxer shorts, with his ever growing and firming erection protruding from left leg of his boxer shorts and straining against the material.

He was now almost fully erect, but seriously confined by his boxer shorts; Linda was now concentrating on the large bulbous head of his erection.

Then a further beautiful girl, this one he guessed was about eighteen or nineteen, blonde again, and a beautifully ample figure, joined Alan and his little harem, her firm ample breasts were trying to break free from a yellow mini dress. The dress was short on top and short on length, her ample firm breasts were displayed wonderfully by the dress, her nipples barely covered. She looked Alan in the eye then at his still growing erection.

"Hi big boy, you must be Alan, no one else is built like that, I'm Sally, the youngest of the females in this family of sex orientated swingers and I'm ready to be fucked by that wonderful weapon of yours".

Alan laughed, then said,

"Hello Sally, the pleasure will be all mine and hopefully soon, but I think Linda has decided she wants fucking first". 

Linda knelt in front of Alan, and said,

"This wonderful large weapon of yours looks to be suffering in these boxer shorts, let have a good look at it".

She slowly lowered his boxer shorts to his ankles, his erection immediately bounced up, slapped against his stomach the second it was released from the boxer shorts. Then all fifteen inches of it stood to attention, rock solid and massive, and impressive.

Linda starred at Alan's finest feature, then turning to Eve and Sue said,

"Are you sure that you both took all of this wonderful erection inside you little pussies, without ripping you in two".

Sue answered,

"Yes mother all fifteen inches, and our little pussies were not little after Alan had given us a really good and deep fucking. Why don't you try him for size, he really does have the biggest and best erection I have ever been fucked by?"

Eve added,

"Go on mother, you should be able to take all of Alan in your pussy, you have had us three girls after all. Once fucked by Alan is a never to be forgotten experience."

Because of all the talking about fucking and Alan's erection soon all the other quests were standing in a circle around Alan, Linda and the three girls. Even Linda's husband stood with his arm round his blonde friend, now she was completely naked, as she slowly ran her fingers along his erection. At any other time Linda's husband's erection would have been considered large at about ten inches, but compared to Alan's, it looked very ordinary. 

Linda took hold of Alan's erection with both hands, and guided the large bulbous blood gorged head towards her lips; she slid one hand upward and the other downwards. Then one explored the ridge between the head of his erection whilst the other explored his balls, she found that she could not close her fingers around his proud erection. After manually examining his fine erection, she began to run the tip of her tongue up and down the underside of his fifteen inches, this brought a slight moan from Alan and a smile to Linda's lips. Next she licked the top of his erection as if she was licking an ice cream, slowly but covering every inch of his fifteen inches. Enjoying every seconds of Linda's oral exploration of his massive erection, he looked around him at the assembled crowd. 

Eve was running her fingers over her stomach to her pubic mound, whilst a man behind her explored her nipples through her dress. 

Sue was rolling one of her nipples through her dress as a male pair of hands stroked her stomach and thighs through her dress. 

Sally's dress had slipped from covering her magnificent breasts and was around her waist, she was in the process of kneeling and placing her male companion's (who Alan later found out was Peter) erection between her breasts as his trousers and boxer shorts fell to the ground. 

Another girl (Debbie) was sitting on the arm of a chair, her dress pulled up around her waist, her thong around her ankles, and an eager young man (Harry) between her thighs. His head bobbing up and down, obviously doing a good oral job on her, as her head was thrown back in pleasure and her hands alternating from pulling his head harder against her pussy and pulling the top of her dress down to her waist and playing with her breasts. 

Then Alan felt the wonderful sensation of lips then teeth slide over the head of his erection as Linda fed the head of his erection into her mouth. He looked around again to the other side of the crowd and saw Linda's husband sitting on the floor between the legs of his standing female partner, both were completely naked, and his head was between her thighs. By the look on the girls face as she watched Linda attend to Alan's fine rock solid erection, she was receiving a fine tongue lashing and indeed it appeared that Linda's husband had found and was doing a fine licking job on her clitoris.

Now Alan felt Linda's teeth slid further down her erection and slid over the back of the ridge of his erection's head, also she slid one hand down to his balls and played with then gently and then a little roughly. Not painfully, but a rousingly, as if he needed any more arousal with his erection in Linda's mouth and all around him people beginning to fuck each other. A movement to his side caught his attention, it was Sally's dress slipping from her waist as she stood from tit fucking her partner, as she stepped out from the dress on the floor, her fingers went directly to her pussy. She wore no panties or thong, Alan could see that like her mother and sisters she had shaved her pussy. Ensuring that Alan could see what she was doing, she slid one, then two and finally three fingers between her pussy lips into her vagina. She masturbated herself with one hand while masturbating her male partner with her other hand. He meanwhile was exploring her wonderful arse and kissing her nipples, which stood out like mini erection from her breasts.

Eve was in the process of stripping her man (George) as he unfastened her dress, they were kissing deeply, their tongues fencing with each other, she removed his shirt and as he lowered her dress to her hips. She unfastened his trousers and let them fall to the floor as he persuaded the skin-tight dress over her hips and down her thighs. Finally she removed his pants, then they both stepped naked from the pile if clothes around their ankles. As Sally, Eve wore nothing under her dress, only a most magnificent figure, built to be fucked over and over again.

Sue was obviously the athlete of the family, she was doing a handstand, against her man (Miles), and her dress was in a circle around her hands as it had slid from her body after doing her handstand. Being upside down she could easily reach his erection with her mouth and was giving her man a wonderful blowjob, meanwhile his head was between her thighs and lapping at her eager perfect pussy that Alan had tasted, and fucked earlier in the day.

Linda was now attempting to force Alan's erection deep into her mouth and throat, but she could only manage just over half before she started to gag and had to withdraw his erection from her mouth. But she tried and tried until she managed to get about ten inches of him into her. Alan noticed that as she was giving him an excellent blowjob while she was fingering her pussy. He decided that the time was right for her to receive his erection in another orifice. He withdrew his erection from between he lips, took by the hand to a sun bed and mattress by the pool, then he laid her on her back, he knelt between her thighs and rested is gigantic erection on her shaved pubic mound. Then he ran the tip of his erection up and down her moist pussy lips, then over her clitoris to her naval, soon he felt her hips rise to push her clitoris hard against his erection. Then she called out loudly, 

"Don't mess about anymore, I'm all juiced up just from playing with your wonderful erection, I need fucking, and I need fucking now and hard"

Alan replied,

"You pleasure is my command, sexy lady"

With that, he placed the head of his erection against the lips of her pussy and slid into her, firstly about five inches, as she grunted at the penetration of her pussy. Smiling Alan said,

"More"

Linda urged him with,

"Yes please, as much as you can, you big fucker"

Alan slid a further five inches into Linda's pussy and then stopped as her felt her pussy muscles grip his erection, he rested for a few seconds then asked Linda,

"More"

Linda looked into his eyes and said,

"You mean there is more, I feel that my pussy is already stuffed to capacity now, go on big boy, give me more of that wonderful dick of yours." 

Alan began to withdraw a little then surged back into Linda's pussy, then out and back in deeper and deeper and deeper. Soon her body was in spasm and she was throwing herself from side to side and then shortly afterwards her whole body went rigid and she exclaimed at the top of her voice,

"I'm coming, oh fuck me this is wonderful, fuck me hard and deep you wonderful fucker." 

Alan carried on fucking her and then engaged a higher gear and really fucked her fast and hard as she had ordered, but still she could only take about thirteen inches of his wonderfully solid fifteen inches fucking weapon. Alan stopped his pounding of Linda's pussy, as she calmed herself after her orgasm, he turned her and himself so that she was above him and he was lying on his back. He took hold of her hips and guided her pussy to the head of his erection and drove her hips down so that her pussy nearly engulfed his entire erection. They both threw their bodies into the fucking of each other, after a short while Linda shouted out, 

"You fucker you've got me coming again, I want you to come in my pussy, now fuck me and flood me with your cum, oh yes, here I go again, oh fucking wonderfullll, yessss, fill me with your cum. Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh. 

As her orgasm took over control of her body, she shivered, she trembled and bucked her whole body around Alan's erection then her whole body went rigid, as she surcame to yet another orgasm. Then he felt the familiar tingle in his balls, which then spread to the base of his erection. He called out to Linda,

"Linda, here I come, oh that feels wonderful, your pussy feels wonderful, oh, oh, oh, yes yesssssssssss."

His sperm raced the length of his fifteen inches and then spayed in to Linda's pussy.

Linda said,

"Go for it you wonderful stud, I can feel you cum spraying inside of my pussy, it feels beautiful, oh yes more please, more and more".

Alan pumped and pumped his cum in to Linda's pussy as her orgasm slowly waned, her breathing slowed from a fast panting to a more normal rate, and her while body calmed. Then she collapsed onto Alan's chest and covered his face and chest with kisses, with his erection still deep inside her. Then she announced to anyone, who was listening, 

"It's a lovely feeling with you deep inside me, I just hope that your wonderfully massive erection doesn't go limp to soon, I just love the feeling of it inside me"

This brought a burst of laughter from Sue and Eve, who were close by. Sue was on her hands and knees facing Alan and Linda, as Mike was fucking her rapidly from behind. While Eve, was astride George and bouncing up and down on his erection. Sue called out to Eve,

"If mother is waiting for Alan's erection to go limp, we could wait for hours for our turn to be fucked by Alan."

Eve replied,

"Too true, mother, Alan's erection stays up and stays up for hours and thankfully he can fuck without rest, as many pussies as you can find for him. In truth he is a continual fucking machine, thank goodness."

Not understanding Linda said,

"Girls, he has just flooded my pussy with a large quantity of cum, how can he stay erect and fuck anyone else."

Eve laughed and replied,

"Don't worry about the how and why, believe me I speak from experience, this afternoon he fucked Sue and minutes later he fucked me, he was still solidly erect, thank goodness and he still cum in floods inside my pussy."

Linda looked into Alan's eyes, he smiled and nodded.

Linda climbed off of Alan's erection and sat at the side of him as he remained lying on his back; she took hold of his erection and slowly ran her hands up and down its length. Then exclaimed,

"Wow that's some magnificent weapon you have there lover, when I get my strength back I will be back in the queue for more."

She kissed the head of Alan's erection and the rolled over on her back exhausted but completely fulfilled and thoroughly fucked.

As Linda and Alan recovered from their energetic fucking they lay at the pool edge and watched the other couples around them, busily engaged in fucking one another. Sue was still on her hands and knees and being mounted aggressively by Mike, her breasts swaying and bouncing around as he plunged deep into her pussy. She called out to him,

"Yes I am almost there; finish me off you wonderful fucker"

He obliged her by fucking her pussy faster and harder and then began slapping her bum, which had the desired effect of pushing her over the edge into her orgasm; she trembled and rolled her hips as he continued fucking her pussy hard, deep and fast. She reached between her thighs and took hold of his balls and pulled him into her, as she exclaimed,

"Oh yes that's what I need a good fucking and a good slapping, I'm coming, I'm coming. That wonderful..................."

This was greeted by Mike calling out,

"Take this you sexy bitch".

As his sperm rushed from his balls into her pulsating pussy.

Likewise Eve was just experiencing her orgasm as she sat astride George, who was sitting on a chair; she was raising and lowering her pussy on his erection. Her whole body shuddering as she forced her pussy down on his erection, as he played with her bouncing breasts and nipples.

Sally was lying at the poolside with her partner; he slowly played with her clitoris while she stoked his softening erection.

The girl's father was sitting in a chair while his blonde, Gina, she was licking his dying erection, cleaning it after their fucking.

Soon everyone was lying around and basking in the afterglow of their orgasms, looking around at all the other couples, to see if anyone was still engaged in fucking anyone else.

After about fifteen minutes Linda called out, 

"Right that's enough laying about, Gina come and give me a hand with the food, Eve, introduce everyone to Allan, and girls keep your hands off Alan's pleasure pole until after the food, Dale get some music going. Sue after everyone has got to know everyone, get them into the pool and cool off"
