 The Meeting

In way of payment for the evening's entertainment, three nights ago at her villa pool, Linda had talked Alan into accompanying her to a business meeting with her. He thought it only right that he should repay Linda's hospitality for the evening of fucking, where he had the pleasure of all nine girls in the course of five hours of almost continual fucking.

It was only last night when Linda asked him to accompany him that he realised that she ran a company at all. She declined to tell him the nature of the company and what he was expected to do at the meeting. She would only tell him that she had one company, her husband ran a separate company, both were separate from the other but they complemented each other.

Alan decided that as they were in a taxi on way the meeting it was time he knew a little more about the meeting other than the nothing he knew at present. So he enquired,

"Linda don't you think I ought to know just a little about this meeting we are on way to, just so I can be of some assistance or benefit to you."

Linda pulled a long face, shook her head from side to side, then laughed, and conceded that Alan should be put in the picture for his role at the meeting. 

"OK Alan, this meeting is with two lovely ladies I have known and traded with for about two years. Ellen is a brunette and Tessa is the blonde, they own and run a string of shops all over the country. They buy much of their merchandise from my company and from Dale's company, and today we will be showing them my latest lines and products. Before you ask, my company sells erotic and sexy clothing, dresses underwear and toys, sex toys that is. Dale's company makes and sells porno DVDs and videos. Ellen and Tessa's company is a chain of sex shops and mail order sexual paraphernalia suppliers. Oh and one last thing, the two girls, Ellen and Tessa are both lesbians, not butch at all, but very feminine lesbians."

Alan looked Linda in the face as if she were joking, realised that she was not and asked,

"Well why bring me, if they are lesbians, I will be like a spare prick at a wedding, totally redundant, you will have a better chance with them without me, what am I suppose to do."

Linda laughed at his analogy and set his mind at rest,

"You my darling Alan, are a very sexually talented dear man; you will hopefully give both girls at least one good fucking each. For although they are a lesbian couple, from time to time if the man is right and the mood takes them, they both like to receive a good fucking by a large solid real dick. Yours Alan is the largest and most solid they would have had ever, I bet." 

Five minutes later the taxi pulled into the entrance of a large and very expensive looking hotel, Linda paid the driver, and Alan helped her remove two small suitcases from the rear of the taxi. They each took a case and entered the hotel reception; Linda asked the reception staff for Miss Evan's suite. A porter was called; he took the cases, then led Linda and Alan to the lift. 

They travelled to the thirty first floor and the porter led them to Suite 4, he knocked on the door. After a few seconds the door was opened by a striking blonde woman in her late twenties, wearing a grey stripped business suit, which was tightly fitted to her fine breasts, slim waist and hips. She greeted Linda and invited them both in; the porter deposited the cases in the lounge and left with a good tip from Linda. The blonde and Linda hugged and kissed each other. 

Then from the bedroom another girl wearing only a towel wrapped around her body, her magnificent breasts only half covered by the towel, which also barely covered the cheeks of her bum, joined Linda in hugs and kisses. After the threesome had parted Linda turned to Alan,

"Alan this is Ellen and Tessa, Ellen is the dressed one and Tessa is the one with her boobs hanging out. Ladies this is my associate, Alan."

Tessa smiled at Alan, and said,

"Excuse my state of dress, but we were only expecting Linda, she has seen all this and more."

She looked down at her breasts and gave them a little wiggle, then smiled again. Alan felt his dick begin to react to the view presented by Tessa.

Ellen turned from Tessa to Alan and said,

"Alan, excuse my slut girl friend, she is always flashing her body to all, male and female."

Alan replied,

"No apologies required, I am enjoying the view so far, and what I can't see, looks promising."

Tessa, gave him a good looking over and said,

"Unless you have more than your good looks, you have seen all you are going to see, so make the most of it."

Alan, not wishing to upset Linda's business associates, he quickly replied,

"I'm sorry if I have unintentionally offended you, I was simply admiring you wonderful figure."

Linda came to his assistance,

"Alan, don't worry, as soon as Tessa sees your hidden talents, she and Ellen will be all over you, I promise."

Ellen then became curious,

"So what talent or talents does Alan posses then, Linda?"

Linda smiled and replied with one word,

"Later"

The two lesbians accepted her statement for the time being, and began examining the contents of Linda's suitcases. They browsed through the sexy dresses and underwear and swim wear in the first case. Tessa disappeared into the bedroom with a couple of Linda's dress samples, closely followed by Ellen with two bikinis and some very skimpy underwear. Tessa returned first wearing a red short summer dress with a deep V neck and halter strap. The hem was barely covering the cheeks of her shapely bum, and as she twirled round the hem rose to show a glimpse of her bum cheeks and the slightest flash of her pussy. Alan saw that she wore nothing under the dress, he had already seen that she wore no panties under the dress, and as the dress had virtually no back above her waist. She could not wear a bra to support or conceal her perfect 36C breasts, on view for all to admire and for Alan's eyes ogle over.

Soon Ellen joined her, in a blue bikini, which was extremely skimpy, revealing her wonderful full 34B upturned breasts and slim waist like Tessa, she twirled around to reveal the bikini and all her female curves.

Linda said to both girls,

"Very nice, they suite you both, very feminine and very sexy, you two are getting me all moist"

Ellen said to Alan,

"How do you like these outfits then Alan, are they making you moist?"

Alan smiled, then retorted,

"Not moist, but there is something definitely stirring below."

All three women looked down at his trousers and there was a definite start of an erection, the full outline of his prick beginning to strain against the left leg of his trousers.

Linda laughed and said proudly,

"That's my boy, ever ready for some action."

Ellen starred wide-eyed at Alan's straining erection, then almost whispering,

"I hope that is all real and not some prank by Linda."

Linda whispered sexily,

"Believe me it is all real, it's always ready and it always and I mean always satisfies."

Tessa, also with her eyes riveted to Alan's erection said,

"If he gets that hard with me wearing this dress and Ellen in a bikini, let's see how big he gets when we wear some serious sexy gear."

She walked back into the bedroom, releasing the halter neck fastening of her dress, as she entered the bedroom door, the dress slithered down her body to her ankles, now completely naked she steeped from the dress on the floor and disappeared into the bedroom. Not to be out done Ellen untied the back of her bikini bra, allowing it to slide from her breasts, then she walked towards the bedroom. As she disappeared through the door, she untied the knotted side straps of her bikini pants and let them fall to the floor and then she disappeared into the girl's bedroom.

Linda winked at Alan; he smiled as she predicted,

"I think we, or should I say you, are going to be in for a busy afternoon and evening, my stud."

Tessa and Ellen, came out the bedroom together, Tessa was wearing an almost transparent black bra and panty set. The bra fought to contain her wonderful 36C breasts; her nipples erect, strained at the bra cups. The tiny panties stretched up from her pussy to her hips with the slightest amount of material possible. As she twirled around, she revealed that the back of the panties almost did not exist, just the tiniest strip of material that appeared from the checks of her bum, and a tiny waistband. Ellen was wearing what only could be described as a micro bikini, fluorescent yellow, the bikini top was a series of strings and two tiny triangles to cover her nipples, her full 34B breasts were on full and glorious display. The bikini bottom, again was a series of strings and a tiny triangle of material, covering but nor concealing her pussy, the triangle of material forced it way between her pussy lips. As she twirled around, the only thing visible was a string around her waist and another around her upper body; everything else was beautifully bare curves and sex appeal.

Alan surveyed both girls' bodies, smiled, then said,

"Very nice, very nice indeed, beautiful outfits with even more beautiful contents, I am definitely getting "moist" now."

He looked down at his trousers and his erection was clearly straining hard against the material of his trouser leg. 

Ellen walked over to Alan and gently ran her hand down his leg, or more accurately down the length of his straining erection, when she reached the head of his erection, she winked at Alan, turning to Tessa, she smiled and said,

"Its long, its broad, and it strong. Most importantly it feels one hundred per cent real and ready for action. So lets see what's happens when we change again."

Ellen and Tessa disappeared into the bedroom again, when they reappeared a minute later, both were completely naked and both had a hand one on their pussy's and were playing with themselves, while their other hand attempted to conceal their more than generous breasts. Linda laughed aloud and then said to Alan, 

"Alan, this looks like when you get your gear off and begin pleasuring these ladies with that wonderfully thick, strong and long prick of yours."

Alan commenced unbuttoning his shirt as her watched Ellen and Tessa play with their pussy's, then said to Linda,

"By the look of these sexy ladies the pleasure will be all mine."

He dropped his shirt to the floor, and then he unclipped the waistband of his trousers and let them drop to the floor, the head of his erection was out of the leg of his under shorts. Then he lowered the shorts until the head of his erection cleared the garment and his erection sprang up and slapped against his stomach. Finally he lowered the shorts to his ankles and stepped out of the pile of clothes around his ankles. 

Ellen said,

"Now that is an impressive erection, a girl could get damaged by that monster but how can any woman resist such a wonderful weapon, lesbian or straight."

She walked over to Alan, draped her legs around one of his legs and then took hold of his erection, gently running her fingers up and down the length of his erection. Then she closed her fingers around his erection, but was unable to close her fingers completely around to the girth of the fine prick. He took hold of one of her nipples and gently played with it while his other hand caressed her shoulders and back. Then Alan ran his hand down from her beautiful breasts over her flat stomach to her pussy, he noticed that she was partly shaved but not completely, she had a small tuft of hair just above he pussy, but no where else. Tessa joined Alan and Ellen, she also draped her thighs around Alan's other leg and began caressing his chest. He noticed that as she walked over to him that she was completely shaved around her pussy and her pussy lips were prominent and very slightly swollen as if she was already aroused sexually. Tessa turned to Linda, who was watching the girls with a smile on her face,

"Linda, you are over dressed, get those clothes off right now and come and join us."

Linda immediately began stripping her clothes off, and said to Tessa,

"What ever you say my mistress."

Linda unzipped her summer dress and let it fall from her body and fall to her ankles on the floor, this revealed her magnificent body draped only in a red quarter cup bra. Her wonderfully firm 40D breasts almost spilling out of the bra cups, also she wore a tiny matching red G-string with bows at each side. Linda unclasped the bra and let it fall to floor with her dress, shaking her breasts and then stoking them, relieved to be free of the bra. Finally she unfastened the bows on the G-string and withdrew it from between her thighs, and threw it at Alan, landing on his shoulder. Now completely naked, she shook and wiggled her body, making her glorious 40D breasts shake and wobble on her chest. She sexily ran her hands down her body, over her firm breasts to her narrow waist then over her rounded and proportional hips, until both hands finished over her pussy. She looked down at her shaved pussy, winked at her audience of three, then she stood legs wide open and her arms above her head to display her ample female charms to all three of the watching group. Then rolling her hips she walked suggestively over to her audience and joined them. 

Alan ran his hands up and down the two girl's backs and paid particular attention to their bun cheeks. Ellen continued her exploration and manipulation of Alan's erection, while Tessa busied herself with caressing his balls and the base of his erection, which was by now fully fifteen inches long and rock solid. Linda now completely stripped off and naked, joined the group, facing Alan and the two girls, she kissed all three, then placed her hands on the girl's shoulder, one hand on each girl and then slowly ran her hands down to their breasts, played a little with their nipples. Linda's hand moved down to the girl's stomachs, then slowly lower to their pubic mounds, she played with the little tuft of pubic hair on Ellen mound, and Tessa smooth shaved mound. Then Linda's fingers slithered lower and reached the top of both girls pussy's, she dipped a finger into each pussy and found both pussy's warm and moist. Linda smiled to herself and said to the girls,

"Well ladies, I see we are all moist and ready for some serious fucking, I can see that Alan is all ready so lets get the action going. Ellen on your knees and show Alan how much you want to be fucked by his fifteen inches of pleasure pole, with your mouth, Alan loves a good blowjob."

Ellen immediately sank to her knees, then looked up to Linda and said,

"Did you say fifteen inches"?

Linda looked down at Ellen as she applied her tongue to the under side of her erection. 

Linda said, confirming her earlier statement,

"Yes that's right fifteen inches of pure pleasure and satisfaction, so enjoy him, while I finger fuck Tessa."

Linda slid a finger into Tessa's pussy as Tessa moved her body around from Alan towards Linda and took one of Linda's nipples in her lips and sucked the nipple into her mouth. 

Ellen was running her tongue up and down the length of Alan's wonderful cock, then round and round the blood gorged massive cock head. Then Ellen slipped the cock head between her lips as she ran both of her hand up and down his impressive length. After a few seconds she forced her lips further down his erection, then retreated before sinking further still down his length until she engulfed eight inches of his erection in her mouth and throat. Soon her head was bouncing up and down on his wonderful erection, her hands moved to his balls and she was pulling him into her mouth with his balls. After a couple of minutes Ellen withdrew her mouth from Alan's cock, saying,

"Fuck me, this is hard on my jaw, I could end up with lock jaw on your beautiful cock.

Alan leant down and put his hands either side of her head, kissed her forehead and said,

"Let's see what my cock can do to your lovely pussy, is there such a condition as lock pussy?"

He knelt down with Ellen, his hands slithering down to her firm breasts, he kissed and then nibbled on both upturned nipples, then lowered his hands to around her waist and kissed her naval. He lowered her on her back onto the bed, positioned himself between her thighs and with one hand guided the head of his erection to her puffy and slightly swollen lips of her pussy. Whilst his other hand caressed her pussy lips and then her clit, he rubbed the head of his erection up and down her pussy lips barely touching them. He felt Ellen open her thighs wider to allow his greater access to her expectant pussy, he slid the cock head a fraction further between her lips, then a little more and a little more until his cock head was in her wet pussy. Then he withdrew his erection and ran the head of it over and around her clitoris. She sensed his hesitation, placed her hands on her breasts and said,

"Alan, stop teasing me with your wonderfully large prick, and give me a good fucking."

Alan laughed and replied,

"Your wish is my command oh rampant one." 

He slid seven inches of his magnificent cock straight into Ellen, which was received by a deep grunt and an,

"Oh yes big boy, that feels wonderful, give me more."

Alan immediately pushed the head of his rock solid erection a further three inches into Ellen's pussy; she now had about twelve inches of his erection buried in her pussy. This was greeted by a deeper and longer grunt from her. Then he felt the muscles in her pussy contract and grip his erection in a vice like hold, he could not move his erection in or out of her pussy. She began shaking and trembling all over her body, her legs went rigid and she reached out for his arms and took a vice like grip on them also. Then she roared out aloud,

"I coming already, I feel so stuffed full of dick, oh yes that wonderful, oh yessss, oooohhh here it comesssssss."

Linda giggled and said,

"That's my girl, I came as soon as he entered me, it's a wonderful feeling to be stuffed full with a meaty dick, filling your pussy to capacity. You just wait till Alan gets all fifteen inches of his erection into your pussy and gives you a really good fucking, and he will, I assure you. So lay back my lovely Ellen and prepare your pussy for the fucking of a life time."

Alan felt the grip on his erection ease after a short while as Ellen's orgasm eased, he withdrew his erection until only the large head was still buried in her pussy and then slowly eased the head back in the seven inches it had been before, then slowly out again. Then he decided that Ellen was ready for some hard and fast fucking, he raised the speed of his prick pistoning into Ellen's welcoming pussy, but still only entering her pussy with about twelve inches of his erection. After a couple of minutes Ellen was gently moaning and encouraging Alan with,

"Yes that's nice big boy, that fucking nice, don't stop my pussy has just gone to heaven, oh yes, nice and deep that's right."

Linda, who was standing behind Tessa, and gently caressing her breasts with one hand and stroking Tessa's shaved pussy lips with her other hand, said to Alan,

"Right Alan, she is enjoying this fucking to much, give her all fifteen inches and fuck the living daylights out of her, until her pussy looses all feelings and she cums all over that wonderful fifteen inches of solid erection."

Ellen grunted, as Alan thrust into her one again,

"You mean he is not already all the way in my pussy yet."

Alan laughed, looked into her eyes and said,

"No not yet, but here comes the rest and then you will have all my fifteen inches in that delicious pussy of yours."

He pushed his entire prick deep into her for the first time, she grunted louder than before; he withdrew about twelve inches and ploughed back deep into her slowly, which was greeted by another grunt. Never before had her willing moist pussy be pounded so deep and so hard, even by Tessa with their large dildo, it was sheer ecstasy. 
