 PART 3: "Double Vision"

***

Today was the biggest day of my life. Today was the day MY movie was finally going to be on the big screen for the entire world to see.

It was a balmy late June evening, just the right temperature for Hollywood starlets to wear the skimpiest of revealing dresses. Our limo pulled up to the curb, and I was immediately dazzled by the bright strobing lights of hundreds of cameras flashing in my face as I stepped out. Schooling my face to wipe away any traces of nervousness, I turned to assist my date out of the car.

Andrea was nothing less than stunning, in a short dress than emphasized her athleticism and toned body. Her hair was stylish, but not overly garish, with just a touch of makeup to highlight her natural beauty. The male lead was already a dozen feet down the red carpet, conducting an interview while Andrea's publicist directed us to the Access Hollywood reporter.

Andrea held my hand, still as in love with me as she had been all those months ago when we'd finished shooting the movie. She was calm and serene, at ease amongst the thronging crowds and paparazzi. I felt like the prototypical deer in the headlights, and I held a handkerchief in my hands I was sweating so much. I had been in front of the cameras before, but nothing on such a grand scale as a Hollywood premiere red carpet.

A camera flash went off right in my face, and for a moment my vision was blurred and there were two reporters trying to talk to me. This was all too surreal.

We switched back and forth for the next twenty minutes, conducting separate interviews side by side. Naturally, there was quite a bit more focus on my date, but I was surprised by how much the reporters wanted to talk to me as well. Most screenwriters don't get that kind of press treatment. But then, most screenwriters aren't dating the female star. A part of me wished I was getting all this attention for my writing abilities, but I'll take fame however I can get it.

Beckett arrived just after us, unsurprisingly escorted by both Sienna and Skye, ravishing in matching outfits. The secret that both were in the movie had been leaked two months ago, but no one yet knew exactly how. Sienna flashed a winning smile at me before turning to the nearest camera, profiling herself for maximum sex appeal.

I just smiled back and let myself immerse in the chaos of a Hollywood Premiere. Surreal... but nice...

***

"The Amazon" was the number 1 movie for two weeks, before the latest Harry Potter flick knocked it to number 2 over July 4th weekend. The twins were the latest "It" girls, with teenaged girls everywhere copying their style and attitude. And the movie was enough of a success that "Double Vision" got green lighted, and pre-production kicked into full gear. The spin-off movie for Sienna and Skye was already destined to be a hit.

In those months Andrea and I had a great, fun relationship. After years of living like a loosely-married couple with Bethany, it was a blast to return to the casualness Andrea and I had shared in High School. See each other when we can and because we want to, without any tight commitments or worries. No emotional baggage or co-dependency. Just two individuals who could enjoy each other's company when convenient.

I'd find myself outside on her second-floor patio deck, taking in the surf and sunshine while writing for "Double Vision", or on my own patio deck overlooking the Hollywood cityscape. Andrea would inevitably be around somewhere, prepping for her next big drama and occasionally "distracting" me for a wild tumble between the sheets.

But eventually I had to be back in the studio to prep for "Double Vision", and Andrea had to fly off to London for her next shoot. Beckett and I were still on agreeable terms, despite my new relationship with his ex. I had new casting decisions and script rewrite meetings with the other producers and Anton Martin, who had re- signed on to direct the new movie as well. With all the familiar people and places, I felt like an old hand in the business, my newbie nervousness gone.

My life was grand, except for one inescapable problem. With Andrea in Europe, I was alone again. And I hadn't gotten laid in quite a while.

We of course had to audition a couple of boob roles, but none of them were critical to the new script since our main characters were both female. And as much as both Beckett and I wanted, mainstream USA wouldn't let us have the twins seduce a woman. And so I didn't even get the private casting couch opportunities to satisfy my lust.

And in those first few weeks, I really began to feel the tug of my hormones. I'd never been apart from Andrea long enough before to feel... unsatisfied. And now that she was gone, I found that I didn't have that much of an emotional dependency on her to make me even question getting laid by some other means. And oh how I wanted to go find ways of getting laid by other means.

Sienna and Skye would come to my office occasionally, ostensibly to discuss tweaking the script to fit their idea of the characters and their acting styles. However, since they were now bankable stars and the center of the movie, our relationship seemingly had become purely professional.

So for the first few months of pre-production I only had my right hand and Cinemax to keep me company. Oh how the mighty have fallen.

Until the twins came back to me.

The script was about as polished as it was going to get. The budget was considerably smaller for "Double Vision" than it had been for "The Amazon", primarily because the twins had not yet opened a major movie. So the script had to be confined location-wise, with most of the shooting on sets at the studio. Our only real location shooting would be in the snow of the South American Andes mountain range. A second unit team was already in Chile filming stunts.

It was a Friday evening, and I was just packing up my laptop and notes. We flew out to Santiago to begin two weeks of filming on Sunday. This is what had really sucked. Andrea was supposed to be back in LA this past weekend, but the shoot had run over, and she wouldn't be back until Monday. But by Monday, I would already be in Chile. Ordinarily a writer did not need to fly out for such a short shooting schedule, but Beckett had ordered that I be there to at least observe. It had been a long week, and I was mildly depressed. I was tired, and I was looking forward to just taking a hot bath at home. 

I thought I heard a sharp knock penetrate the fog around my brain, and as I sat up I heard the knock again, coming from my door. "Uh, come in!"

My eyes flew open as Skye poked her head in the door. Her model-pretty face cast a piercing gaze upon me, her icy blue-grey eyes and blonde hair pulled into a tight ponytail. She took a quick glance around and then turned away, whispering something to someone behind her. Then she slid into my office without another word, gliding towards me before perching on my side of the desk. Sienna followed her in, a warmer smile on her face as she slinked across the room around the desk and sat next to her sister. They wore matching blue and red outfits, sleek and sexy, that called to mind an old memory.

As usual, Sienna spoke first, a big grin on her face. "Hello, Mr. Writer! We missed you." Oh how I loved that accent.

I suddenly remembered that they'd worn these same outfits the first time they came to seduce me in my office, just before Bethany had come and joined in. A smile tugged at the corner of my lips as I realized that they had come to relieve me of my long sexual drought.

Skye revealed a devilish smile as she saw the recognition dawn in my eyes, and then she was in my lap, shoving her tongue down my throat as every part of me responded in kind.

I cracked open an eye in the midst of this kiss to see Sienna shrugging the red blouse off and snapping loose the matching red satin bra. Skye sank to her knees to work my pants as Sienna leaned forwards to press my face between the firm globes on her chest. I sighed happily, feeling her warm flesh rubbing against my cheeks as she began to strip off the rest of her clothing.

I was so revved up, I thought I'd blow my load as soon as I felt Skye take my rod into her mouth. My eyes rolled back as I felt all of the blood rushing out of my head, pumping through my body into my swollen prick. Skye was an amazing talent, and I looked down into her cool grey eyes piercing into the back of my skull, watching the effect her lips and tongue were having on me.

The next thing I knew, Skye had turned her head and was dragging her lips along the left side of my shaft, and then I felt another set of lips as Sienna was dragging along the right side. I watched the girls grin at each other for a moment before returning to their dual bath upon me.

Skye dipped down towards my balls as Sienna sucked my purple head into her hot mouth, nibbling gently with the pads of her lips. I let my head fall backwards, surrendering myself to the mind-blowing experience of a dual blow job.

Skye worked her way back to the head of my shaft, and Sienna released me to give way to her sister. I looked up to watch Sienna scoot her now-naked butt onto the cool surface on my desk, shivering both with the cold and in anticipation of our sexual possibilities. She dipped a hand to the hard nub peeking out at me, rubbing it gently and bathing her outer lips with her own sexual ambrosia. Skye continued to attack me with her tongue while her twin fingered herself, eliciting more and more of her sweet nectar and coating her nether lips until they glistened in the light.

I had gone far too long without getting my rocks off, and with a warning to Skye, I felt myself about to let go. She sank her lips down about me, shoving my meat into the back of her throat, pushing me right to the razor edge of climax. Then she backed off, letting my rod wave in the air as it bulged and twitched. Sienna parked her face right next to Skye's, and then I erupted, spraying several shots through the air erratically, spewing my white gunk onto both of their faces. After the first two shots, Skye took my cannon in her fingers and directed the next blast right onto Sienna's nose, and kept flicking me back and forth to equally share my spunk. After I finally deflated, they both rocked back on their heels, relaxing and giving me identical satisfied smirks.

I sank into the plushness of my chair, utterly spent for the moment and fighting to get my breath back. Skye stood up, her eyes locked in on me, seizing and holding my attention directly on her. Sienna got to her feet and standing directly behind her twin, wrapped her arms around in a warm embrace.

Her hands deftly went to Skye's blouse, slowly and delicately undoing the buttons even as Skye continued to bore her gaze into me. Even though I had just come a minute ago, I felt the stirring in my loins again watching one naked twin undressing the other. Off came the skirt, and I felt my breath catch in my throat when the blue bra fell to the floor. I had just seen an identical pair on Sienna moments ago, but that brief split-second between coverage and nakedness always set my heart racing. At last Sienna dragged Skye's panties down, and Skye kicked them off leaving both ladies in only their heels.

I was fully recharged by now, and Skye reached out to me, helping me to my feet and guiding me towards the couch. Grinning in anticipation, I lay down across it, and as soon as I got settled Sienna had straddled my hips and was lowering herself down upon my shaft held upright in Skye's hands.

I closed my eyes to just feel the heavenly warmth of a female pussy, a feeling I'd not had in far too long. When I opened my eyes, the expression on Sienna's face matched what I was feeling. She smiled widely at me, feeling my shaft carving her out as she rotated and gyrated her body in my lap.

But then my view was taken away as I saw the same pussy in much greater detail, Skye climbing onto the couch and planting her ass on my chest. Without further preamble she shifted her hips forwards to bring her juicing slit to my waiting lips, and then my tongue busied itself licking the alphabet upon her crotch.

Sienna was moaning as my hips were bucking, and I felt the tight warmth of her inner muscles squeezing in response. Meanwhile my hands gripped Skye's asscheeks tightly as I worked to make Skye sing in harmony with her twin. Every so often a finger would drift back into her crack, and once I had worked Skye up to a screaming orgasm, she released her thigh-lock on my head and backed up for a moment, catching her breath and positively glowing at me.

"Mmm... Sienna absolutely went wild when you fucked her in the ass! Once she is finished with her ride, you HAVE to take my ass too!"

My eyes went wide as Skye's words sunk into me, and I renewed my energetic reaming of Sienna with extra effort. My whole life had become one big surreal dream, with money, power, and fantastic babes. What was next? Drugged out Roman orgies?

Skye slipped off of me, kneeling on the floor and leaning over to kiss and lick her orgasmic juices off my lips. Meanwhile, Sienna was palming her own tits, her ab muscles flexing as she humped me roughly, her flushed skin slick with sweat as we ground our bodies against each other. I moved my hands to her hips, jack hammering her light body against me harder and harder, driving my rod into her as deeply as it would go with every thrust. 

Sienna just lolled her head around, surrendering her body to the sensations I was inflicting upon it, and after a few more minutes of whimpering and moaning at the pleasure her body went rigid, back arched and head thrown back. I felt the clamp down of her pussy upon me as she came, screaming at the ceiling as she came.

With Skye's words still buzzing in my head, I responded in kind, erupting inside of Sienna's warm folds, my hands like granite claws pinning her hips tightly against me, her thighs trembling in my grasp.

My head was up, watching the quakes going through Sienna's torso and body as we shared this simultaneous orgasm, and when the last shot embedded itself in her inner walls, I let myself relax, my head falling backwards and bouncing off the couch cushion. Sienna sagged atop me, finally collapsing onto my chest, rubbing her sweaty naked body against me. Skye was just smiling next to us, pulling her hand away from her own crotch, showing off a fresh layer of girlcum.

I was so overwhelmed by the pleasure, I couldn't even respond when I heard a new knock at my door.

Everyone froze, Sienna keeping her body planted atop me while craning her head. Skye turned about from her spot on the floor to glance around. My head was still swirling from my recent climax, and I could not yet speak, not even to ask who was there.

The knock came again, Skye looking at me now to see if I could answer, but then I realized that the door was still unlocked and it was actually turning. For a moment, my memory flashed back again to that day Bethany walked in and joined us.

Then Andrea came in through the door, poking her head around to see if I was in before taking in the scene before her eyes. Recognizing the situation, she sort of stumbled in through the doorway, shock running freely across her expression.

"Uh, surprise?" Her voice was cracking. And then she turned to walk out the door.

"Wait!" I stumbled off the couch, spilling Sienna to the floor in the process. I scrambled for a second, finding my pants and wriggling into them while half trying to jump towards the door. 

I finally got into them and raced out the door, finding the hallway empty. I picked a direction and went flying down the hall. I nearly ran over an intern, who no doubt found a topless, barefoot writer running at full tilt a mildly unexpected event. She lost her paperwork across the floor, but I didn't have time to stop.

I leaped down the stairs, and turning the corner, caught up to Andrea just before she hit the door to the parking lot. "Andrea!"

She spun in place, her violet eyes spitting fire at me.

"Wait..." I stopped a foot from her, pausing a moment to catch my breath to explain.

Andrea didn't give me the chance. I felt a searing pain strike against my cheek, jerking my head around. And by the time I got my vision back, Andrea was shaking out her hand and walking through the doorway.

I just held my face with my hand and watched her walk away.

***

I trudged into my office, my eyes glued to the floor. I looked up to make sure I didn't crash into anything. The twins were dressed once again, and sitting side by side on the couch. But my breath caught again when I saw that Bethany was sitting in my chair, chatting amiably with them.

Bethany turned to look at me, a smile on her face. "Surprise!"

I felt like passing out.

We made some minor small talk, but the twins quickly excused themselves, leaving me alone with Bethany. "You don't look so happy to see me."

I sighed. "I'm sorry. I should be, I would be. This is just really awkward timing."

"I know. The girls told me. So I guess Andrea never exactly knew about them did she?"

"Actually, she did. Well, I told her about our little get-togethers during 'The Amazon' shoot. But nothing's happened with them since you left."

"Really? I'm amazed you were able to keep your pecker in your pants for that long around them."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Oh, just meaning you've NEVER been able to say 'no' to a hot chick. I'm surprised you haven't had a few more extra-curricular activities with any other hot little actresses around here."

"Well, some of the new auditions have been flirting around a bit. But I think Andrea scares most of them off. They don't want to risk pissing off a Hollywood power player."

"Speaking of which, I was going to see if you were free for dinner. But I think you'd be better off tracking Andrea down and hashing things out."

"No, that's okay. I'm free for lunch."

"Listen to me. Go find her." She yawned, stretching her arms back and causing her bosom to thrust out invitingly, if unintentionally. Then she got to her feet. "You need to go find your girlfriend. Besides, I'm pretty jet-lagged, and I could use a nap."

She crossed to me and gave me a chaste peck on the cheek, then handed me a slip of paper. "Here's where I'll be staying. I'll be in town until Sunday. Call me."

And then Bethany was gone. She was right. Grabbing my cell phone, I held down the speed dial as I grabbed my things and headed out to my car.

***

Well, Andrea was going to have about six missed calls on her phone. I finally settled for just driving to her house and letting myself in. I had brought my laptop with me, with the intention of getting some writing done. But I found myself just staring at the screen in complete writers block, my mind elsewhere. Finally I just slammed it shut, moving into the living room and flopping over onto a couch.

I must have fallen asleep, because the next thing I knew, I was jarred awake by the sharp sound of a door slamming open and bouncing off the wall. My eyes briefly glanced at the wall clock to find that it was shortly after two in the morning.

I heard familiar giggling, and then several figures were stumbling through the doorway. Andrea was completely wasted by the expression on her face, and she was riding piggyback on a tall, athletic Asian man who was able to carry her easily and without effort, except for a little drunken wobble on his part as well. Following them in was a petite Asian woman, whose sharp and sober eyes quickly assessed the room and focused in on me.

Andrea also spotted me as well, and from her perch gave me a goofy wave. "Hey, honey! I brought us presents!"

And with that, Andrea and her ride started up the stairs. Meanwhile, the Asian woman sashayed her way across the living room towards me. My brain was still thick, fighting to awake itself. So before I knew it, she was leaning full into me and pressing her intoxicatingly sweet lips to mine.
