 I could feel his eyes on me as I made my way around the table, and as I bent down low over it, I let my long, dark brown hair fall in my face to hide my smile. I'd worn my favorite sapphire-blue miniskirt and the black- and sapphire-striped V-neck shirt that highlighted my deep blue eyes and displayed my generous cleavage for maximum viewing pleasure. It was not the kind of outfit you wore to play pool in unless you were trying to show off more than your skills with a cue stick. Tonight, that was exactly what I wanted.

I pretended not to notice as he approached my table. "Pool's not the kind of game you want to play by yourself," he observed, and I shivered at the sound of his deep, rough voice. It was the kind of voice that promised deep, rough sex, which was exactly what I was hoping to end the night with.

"I'm just practicing my moves," I responded flippantly, not bothering to look at him as I lined up my next shot. The cue smacked against the eight with a sharp click and it arrowed right into the corner pocket. I straightened, a smile of deep satisfaction on my face.

I turned around to face the stranger and he smiled appreciatively, his emerald eyes roaming my body leisurely. "Seems to me that you don't need any more practice," he said easily. "Your moves are excellent as it is."

I smirked, letting him know his double entendres were not lost on me. I let my eyes roam him the same way he'd done to me. What I saw made me want to drool. Six foot two, a black t-shirt stretched tight over well-developed biceps and a broad, firm chest, full lips that curved upward to show off straight white teeth, and a full head of silky, just-a-touch-too-long black hair. I was already wet but I knew I'd have to play out the charade a little longer.

"So if you think I'm lonely, why don't you join me?" I suggested, racking up another game. He was gone only a moment, probably to tell his buddies he was going to get laid tonight, and then came back with a sexy grin and an admiring gaze.

"So how come you're here all by yourself?" he asked speculatively as I leaned over the table to break. "You and the boyfriend get into a fight and you're here blowing off steam?"

I rolled my eyes. "Subtle. If you wanted to know if I have a boyfriend, why didn't you just ask?"

He chuckled as he moved in for his turn. "Because I don't care if you have a boyfriend."

I raised one eyebrow. "You mean you're not over here trying to get me to go home with you?"

He shrugged, giving me an impish, little-boy-who-knows-he's-being-bad grin. "Yeah, I am. I just don't happen to give a shit if you've got a man or not."

I laughed. I loved that he was so damn unapologetically honest. "I don't have a man. I caught the last one in bed with my two best friends, one riding his face and the other riding his cock."

He moved in behind me as I went for my next shot. His hips molded against my ass, his denim-covered cock rubbing gently against the hollow between my thighs. His hands settled on my hips and pulled me back so that I was flush against him, and he rocked forward so that I could feel how hard he was getting. "And you? How long has it been since you rode a cock?"

I bit my lip and whimpered. All of a sudden I wanted him so fucking bad I would have pushed him onto the pool table and climbed on top, if it wouldn't have gotten me arrested. "Too fucking long."

He bent over me, nearly pushing me onto the table, and whispered in my ear. "Well then tonight's your lucky night, because you're going to be riding mine real hard in about twenty minutes."

I dropped the cue on the table and pushed back, forcing us both upright. "Let's go."

We left our half-done game and he followed me to the parking lot. "Should I follow you back to your place?" I asked, and he shook his head.

"I loaned my buddy my car, so I took a cab here. Mind giving me a ride back?"

"No problem." I beeped my car open and we both slid in, eager to get going. He gave me basic directions and I aimed the car toward his house. "By the way, what's your name?"

"Holden." His voice was husky in my ear as he slid his hand underneath the hem of my skirt. His fingers pushed the tiny string of my thong aside and slipped easily into my dripping wet pussy.

I moaned loudly as his fingers began stroking in and out of me, his thumb rubbing circles on my clit. It was difficult to maintain control of the vehicle, but I forced myself to focus. "Sexy name. Mine's Evan."

Holden's mouth was on my breast by then as his fingers pumped fast and hard into my pussy. I wanted to come but I was afraid of getting into an accident, so I bit my lip and prayed for the vehicle to grow wings. It took less than ten minutes to get there, but by then I swore I was going to lose my mind.

As soon as I squealed to a stop in his driveway, I leaned back and began thrusting my hips up to meet his fingers. It took less than ten seconds before I was coming, and I cried out as my body convulsed. My pussy continued to contract rhythmically as I calmed down, which was when I noticed the car beside me. "I thought you said you loaned your car out?"

He grimaced. "I did. He's been going through some shit and I let him crash in my spare room. I thought he was out for the night, but apparently he came back."

I grinned. "No problem, as long as he doesn't mind hearing us going at it."

He led me into the nice-sized house and as we walked in, I heard loud moaning, accompanied by the sounds of flesh meeting flesh. I smirked as we stepped into the living room and I saw Holden's buddy sitting on the couch, watching porn and rubbing his cock lightly through his pants. Guess it was early in the evening for him, as he wasn't into full-on jacking off yet. He was cute, with a medium build, dark blonde hair, and big brown eyes. The bulge in his pants showed off the beginning of what looked to be an impressive hard-on.

"Dude." Holden's voice was a little pissed off. "What are you doing?"

The friend jumped and fumbled for the remote, sputtering apologies, when I spoke up. "Don't. I love watching porn."

Holden glanced at me, raising one eyebrow, before shrugging and sitting down on the opposite end of the couch, patting the space in between him and the friend in a gesture of invitation. "That's Dan. Dan, this is Evan."

Dan's face was flushed a faint red as he nodded at me in greeting. I settled onto the couch between them and watched as the woman on-screen continued to play with her pussy, seemingly oblivious to the fact that some male hired help stood in the door and watched her. 

Holden's cock was already hard from our earlier activity, but I reached over and began rubbing him as we watched the man walk over to the woman as she masturbated on her bed. She pretended to be shocked, then gave up and got on her knees to suck his cock. 

Holden groaned softly as my fingers massaged the bulge in his jeans. I watched Dan out of the corner of my eye. He was watching us but pretending not to. Smiling to myself, I slid to my knees in front of Holden and unzipped his jeans, waiting until he lifted his hips to pull them down. I tugged them completely off and then moved between his legs, dipped my head, and took his hard length into my mouth.

Holden didn't attempt to disguise his groans as I wrapped my lips and my hand around his cock and began moving up and down. I peeked over at Dan and was pleased to see he was openly watching me. His pants were unbuttoned and the tip of his cock was poking out. His fingertips were playing lightly across it. 

I continued to bob my head on Holden's cock, moaning around him and stroking him in time with my sucking. He swore and thrust his hips up, pushing his cock harder into my mouth. "Fuck, Evan!" he hissed. "Your mouth is fucking incredible!"

I gave him a sexy grin as I moved over to Dan. His pants were still on but his cock was fully out, and he was pumping it with his fist. "Don't think you're going to get to keep that all to yourself," I said saucily, and I watched his eyes as I engulfed his cock with one downward move.

His eyes glazed over as I gave him the same treatment I'd just given Holden. His cock twitched as I licked it from tip to base, sliding my lips and tongue over him and sucking hard.

I was so engrossed in the blow job I was giving Dan that I didn't notice when Holden vacated the couch. Suddenly I felt warm hands pushing my skirt up and my thong to the side, and then Holden's cock was buried in my pussy. I moaned loudly around my mouthful of cock when Holden began thrusting hard against me. His balls slapped against me every time his cock slammed into my pussy.

Holden's thrusts rocked me forward hard until I was deep-throating Dan. He hissed out a guttural, "Fuuuuck," as the head of his cock pushed into my throat and I fought to not choke on him. "Fuck, Evan, I'm gonna come," he panted, his hips pumping up and driving his cock into my mouth repeatedly.

I squirmed, pushing my ass back to meet Holden's thrusting and feeling his thick cock drive deep into me. I started to whimper as my own orgasm quickly approached, and it pushed Dan over the edge. He yelled as he came hard, his cock emptying into my mouth in thick spurts of salty white cream. I swallowed rapidly, only a few drops escaping and running down my chin.

"Jesus, you're a cock-sucking little whore, aren't you?" Holden groaned, his cock hardening even more as he pistoned in and out of my sopping wet pussy. He was pounding me brutally and I screamed as I came, my juices gushing out of me and soaking his cock. He grunted and then he was coming, too, the rush of warmth filling my pussy before he pulled out and his cum ran down my thighs.

I slid a finger in my pussy and began playing with my myself while the boys settled back on the couch and we resumed watching the movie. By this time, the girl was leaning over the bed and the guy was fucking her roughly in the ass. My pussy throbbed and I finger-fucked myself hard until Dan's hand pushed mine away and his fingers replaced mine. Three of them pushed in deep and he pumped them into me fast. 

I tilted my head back to allow a loud cry of pleasure to escape me, and as I looked up I saw Holden standing over me. He pushed his cock into my mouth and fucked my face as my head pressed back into the couch cushions. I could taste my cum on his cock. Suddenly, Dan's fingers left my pussy and I protested around Holden's cock. Then Holden was gone, too.

He lifted me to turn me around as Dan sat back down on the couch, his cock semi-soft and his hand stroking it leisurely. Holden set me on my knees in front of Dan and laid down on the floor, positioning his head between my thighs. I cried out as I lowered my pussy to his face and he buried his tongue in it. I lowered my face to Dan's cock as Holden tongue-fucked me, and I rode his face while Dan fucked mine.

As soon as both Dan's and Holden's cocks were rock-hard again, Holden lifted me off of his face. He stood up, picked me up and settled me onto Dan's lap. Dan's eight inches slid up into me until he was buried deep and I felt completely full. I cried out as I rocked forward on his cock, riding him slowly as the pleasure built. Dan hissed as my pussy clenched around his cock and I could feel him harden inside me. 

As I rode Dan, I could feel Holden press the head of his cock to my ass, pushing forward lightly, not penetrating, but making his intentions clear. I moaned loudly and he chuckled. "You like getting your ass fucked, you little slut?" he murmured as he bent over me.

"Yes," I gasped, my pussy so wet that I was slipping and sliding on Dan's cock. "I love taking a big cock in my ass."

He pulled back and I whined in protest. "If you like it so much, maybe I shouldn't. After all, you're getting very spoiled tonight," he teased.

"Please," I whimpered. "I want you to fuck my ass."

Holden groaned and closed his eyes, pushing just the head of his cock into my ass. "Yeah, you fucking whore. Beg for it."

I leaned forward so that my breasts were inches from Dan's face. He lifted his head from the couch cushions and started sucking my nipples, first one then the other. I cried out. "Please, Holden, fuck my ass. I want you to fuck me deep and hard and fill me with your thick cock while my pussy is full of Dan's."

Dan grunted. "Just fuck her ass already, Holden. The way she keeps moaning and groaning and talking dirty while she's riding me, I'm going to fill her pussy full of cum real fast."

Holden laughed breathlessly as he buried his cock in my ass in one thrust. I came instantly and screamed, my orgasm pouring out of me and soaking Dan's lap. He groaned as he continued to pump upward. Holden remained still for a moment, his cock filling my ass. Then he began stroking in and out, slowly at first, then building up speed until he was pistoning into my ass while I rode Dan's cock hard.

"Fuuuuuck meeeeee," I wailed, gasping over and over as the two of them fucked the hell out of me. Dan hissed suddenly and I knew he was going to be the first to blow. His hips thrust up as fast as he could go and then he swore, and his cock exploded inside me. I could feel wave after wave of cum empty into my dripping wet pussy.

"Come on, Evan, come for me," Holden urged as he pounded my ass harder and faster than I ever imagined. It wasn't hard to obey him.

"Holy shit, oh God, fuck, I'm coming!" I screamed as my most intense orgasm slammed into me, my pussy contracting rapidly around Dan's semi-erect cock. I shuddered from the blinding pleasure and slumped forward onto Dan's chest, exhausted.

"Jesus, Evan, hold on!" Holden yelled, and I braced myself. I felt his cock erupt, a flood of cum gushing into my ass, and I moaned softly. After a moment, Holden pulled out and I felt the cum dripping from my ass. I was so full of cum I couldn't hold it all in.

Holden sat down on the couch and leaned back. "Christ, Evan. That was the best fucking sex I've had in years," he sighed. 

Dan nodded in agreement. "I don't think I've ever come that hard."

I sat up, still perched in Dan's lap, and grinned at them both. "I'm glad I could be of service."