 Cassie and Eric were friends. They had sex, and he gave head better than anyone else she knew, but friends were all they would ever be. As a couple they would never work.

They were very different people. Eric was neat, a morning person, and liked peace and quiet, and Cassie was none of those things, and had never been able to become someone else just to make a relationship work. They had talked once, when they were both drunk, about being more than fuck-buddies, and Eric had said he couldn't change, and he didn't want Cassie to try and change, and why bother, anyway, when what they had worked well. And Cassie agreed with all of that.

Instead they just had sex.

They never fought. They never let each other down, and never had to deal with the complications of another person's expectations. They had sex every week or two, and spent time together when they weren't naked, and it was one of the most stable, normal relationships Cassie had ever had, because it wasn't one.

They talked occasionally about doing something kinky, about how their arrangement was the perfect opportunity to try something new without judgment or jealousy. They'd talked about threeways, but never seriously enough to try and make one happen. Eric had tied Cassie up and spanked her, but neither of them had really enjoyed doing either. Cassie had other fantasies, and she assumed Eric did too, and she planned to sit down one day and ask what they should try. But it never quite happened. Because with Eric she got a lot of really good oral sex, and she was satisfied with that, and so mostly she forgot to ask.

Then one day she saw Eric's computer.

*

It was after sex. Cassie was still sweaty and hot and breathing hard, but she decided she'd better see what was happening at work. She had slipped away a couple of hours early and she wasn't sure if anyone had noticed.

Eric's computer was on the floor beside the bed. He was in the kitchen, getting water.

"Can I check my email?" Cassie shouted.

He shouted something back she couldn't hear properly.

She picked the computer up, turned it on, and stopped, staring at the screen.

A dirty photo. A woman on her knees, a man at each end of her. One cock in her mouth, one in her pussy. A lot more men standing around watching. A crowd.

"I said hold on," Eric said from the doorway.

"Yeah," Cassie said. "I can kind of see why."

He came over and handed her a glass. He didn't seem that embarrassed, more just wondering how she'd react. She was wondering that herself. She sipped water, poked at the keyboard, made the photos go past one after another. More of the same orgy. More ways for several men to fuck one woman.

"You like this?" Cassie said.

He shrugged and sat down.

"You like it enough you need to look at it, right before I come over?"

Another shrug.

"Are you thinking about me like that, while we fuck?" she said.

He didn't answer, so this time she waited. She sat still, looked at him, and waited.

"Actually, yeah," he said, after a while.

"Which one are you? In your head?"

"It doesn't work like that."

"Which one?"

"Behind you."

She grinned. Of course he was. He always seemed to end up behind her. She pressed at the arrow key and looked at a few more photos.

"It looks kind of crowded," Cassie said. "And maybe sticky." She looked at the photos and couldn't decide if she was turned on or horrified.

"A bit, I suppose."

"Have you ever done that?"

He didn't answer.

"I don't care," she said. "Fuck-buddy. It's not problem for me, really. I'm just interested."

"A few times, yeah."

Cassie looked up. She'd expected no, or perhaps a threeway, once, that time in college when everyone was drunk.

"A few times?" she said,

"I have some friends," he said, then stopped.

"Some friends?" Cassie said. She looked at the screen, at the men's faces. She looked carefully, went back a few photos, looking for a wider-angle picture of all the men, including him.

There wasn't one, but she was fairly sure that was what he'd meant.

"This isn't off the internet, is it?" she said.

"No."

"You were there? While these were being taken?"

He nodded.

"Oh," she said. "Shit." She wasn't quite sure what to think. Perhaps that she shouldn't let him fuck her without a condom any more.

She didn't want to look at Eric. She sat there and looked at the photos instead.

Despite herself, she thought the pictures were kind of hot. There was something about one woman and all those men. All that attention, and all those hands and mouths and tongues on her, and not having to worry about getting herself off before one man had finished. Presumably. She'd never admitted it to anyone, but she'd always had a little fantasy about this kind of thing. Not a full-on fantasy, but daydreaming, sometimes. She always paid a little more attention if it turned up in porn.

She went backwards and forwards, and looked at a few more photos, carefully, but couldn't find Eric's face. She thought she recognized his cock, although she wasn't sure.

Suddenly she started wondering what it would be like to be the woman in the photos.

Busy, she thought. Hot. But very much having her needs looked after. It was stupid to try and act out fantasies, though. Everyone knew that. And this really was a lot of men.

"Have you ever thought about it?" Eric said suddenly. "Doing something like that?"

As if he could read her mind. Cassie wasn't sure she liked that. She didn't look up. "Why would you ask that?" she said.

"You're still looking."

Which was true.

She sat there for a moment, and thought that she had nothing to lose. She didn't love Eric, they were just friends, and they had always said they wanted to do something really kinky together. Something so kinky it didn't matter what the other person thought afterwards, because losing Eric as a sex partner hopefully wouldn't also mean losing him as a friend.

"Maybe," she said. "What about it?"

Eric seemed to be thinking that over.

"Oh fuck off," Cassie said. "Everyone thinks about things. I'm just owning up."

"Would you want to?" Eric said. "That, particularly?"

Cassie thought. It was stupid to try and act out your fantasies. Everyone knew that.

"I don't want to do this," she said. "Not like this. I'd want an orgy, not a gangbang."

"What's the difference?"

"Touching and stroking. Caring about me. Not just being pounded raw."

"It isn't like that."

Cassie looked. The woman kneeling. Men behind her. Men in her mouth. "Yeah," she said. "It doesn't look like it at all."

"Katie, the woman there, she wouldn't let things get like that."

"Yeah, but..." Cassie sat there for a moment. "I ought to say no. I ought to say no fucking way and get out of my life."

"But you aren't saying that."

"No," Cassie said. "I suppose I'm not."

"You suppose?"

Cassie shrugged.

Eric kept looking at her. "You aren't sure?"

Cassie leaned over and put the laptop down on the floor. "No, I'm not sure. Want to go again?"

"In a sec. How interested are you?"

"How interested are you in seeing me like that?" she said. "With a lot of men. Like her?"

"Do you want to?"

"I asked first."

"Don't," Eric said. "Stop avoiding the question."

Cassie sat there for a while. "Yeah," she said. "I might be interested."

"I might be too. How interested?"

"I don't know," Cassie said. "But as a start, if I was there, I could watch and see how it was for her. I'd be very interested in that."

"You could," Eric said.

Cassie looked at him.

"If you wanted to," Eric said. "No-one else would mind. You could watch any time you like."

"Okay," Cassie said, uncertain. "Maybe."

Eric seemed to be waiting, like she had to decide right then.

She almost told him no, and leave her alone. Then she decided she did actually want to watch. She wanted to watch, like he was suggesting, and even maybe join in.

"Yes," Cassie said. "All right. I want to."

Eric grinned.

"And right now," Cassie said. "This exact second, I want to fuck again too."

"I might need a minute."

"Yeah right," she said, and leaned over and sucked his cock until he was ready. Sucked, and thought about the photos on his computer, and all the other photos, and what this woman Katie had done in them.

*

Eric told Cassie he had made the arrangements for her to visit his orgy, and Cassie was quite surprised he actually had. Even though he'd said he would, and even though they'd talked about the whole thing completely calmly, like her being there wasn't odd at all.

"You mean it?" she said, when he told her.

"Yeah," he said, as if surprised. "But only if you want to."

"You really organized this?"

He just looked at her.

"And I just watch?"

"Yeah."

"I don't have to join in?"

"Of course not."

"Then shit. Let's go."

She wondered what to wear to watch other people having sex. Wondered, then decided not to care. Since she would just be watching, and they probably wouldn't be wearing anything at all.

And if they were all men, they probably wouldn't notice her anyway.

They were going after work, so work clothes would probably do.

*

There was a house, out in the suburbs, full of people.

It seemed like a normal house, in a normal suburb, where there was a small party happening There were cars in the street, and the outside lights were on, and when the front door opened there were people standing around an open-plan front room, all looking at Cassie and Eric. Smiling and saying hi.

It was almost normal, Cassie thought.

Everyone had their clothes on. Everyone was just talking to each other. Except for most of the people in the room being men, there wasn't anything unusual to see at all.

A woman came over, and said she was Katie. Katie shook Cassie's hand, and Cassie said hi, and thanks for letting her be there. That was surprisingly normal too, meeting a woman Cassie knew was about to fuck everyone in the room.

Katie seemed incredibly normal. Cassie couldn't quite get her mind around that. Katie looked like people Cassie knew, and acted like people Cassie knew. Katie just liked to have groups of men over to her house for orgies.

Cassie and Eric stood near the door, and Cassie looked around. She tried to relax, to make herself not giggle.

There were five men besides Eric. All were fairly hot, which made Cassie think Katie was keeping to some kind of standard. Cassie thought she recognized one other man, someone Eric worked with, from a time she'd been to Eric's work drinks. The others all seemed to know each other, like they'd all done this before, which Cassie supposed wasn't surprising since they probably had.

Eric stayed near Cassie, as if keeping an eye on her. Or being possessive, Cassie thought. She wasn't sure. Some of the men came over and said hello to Eric, and he introduced her. The men said hi to Cassie, but no-one talked to her much beyond that. They talked to Eric, and smiled at Cassie, like they were trying to be welcoming, without scaring her off.

They all seemed to know why she was there without needing to ask, and she was grateful for that. She wasn't she could have stood some weird conversation where someone asked if she was new, and Eric said she just wanted to watch.

It was like waiting for an event to start, Cassie decided. Standing outside a theatre or sports ground.

She stood and smiled back at men, and waited. They all seemed to know when they'd be ready to start, but weren't ready yet.

After a while she realized why.

There was a bathroom across the hall. The men took turns going in there, and showering, and came back out wearing towels.

Cassie moved sideways a little, and could see into the bathroom fairly well. She watched one man get out of the shower and dry himself and come back towards her.

He saw her watching. "Hey," he said. "I'm Craig."

Craig had a nice smile. He had a really nice smile, like she'd be into him a lot if they'd just met anywhere else.

She smiled back, and thought about how she was here to watch seven strangers have sex, and how instead of that she was noticing Craig's smile.

"Hi," she said. She glanced at Eric, unsure what to say, or if she should even be speaking.

"What do you think?" Craig said to Cassie, and that was out of place enough she wanted to laugh.

"Yeah," she said. "It seems, um..."

She realized she had no idea what to say. Sexy? Organized? Like she might want to join in? Like a sports bar full of towels?

"It's fine," Eric said, saving her. "Tell us later."

Craig stood there for a moment, then smiled again and said he'd see Cassie later, and went off across the room towards Katie.

Cassie stood there, and still wasn't sure what she ought to have said.

"Don't worry," Eric said. "It's a bit weird at first, that's all."

Cassie nodded, grateful.

Katie was sitting across the room, on the arm of the couch, talking to one of the other men. He had his hand on her leg, and was stroking it gently, and she was laughing at what he said.

The men stood around her, talking to each other. They were all looking at Katie, paying attention to her. They all talked to her, and listened her, and she was kissing them sometimes, and laughed a lot. Flirting, but not quite.

There was more kissing as Cassie watched. Soon Katie had kissed all the men near her, for a little while each, her mouth open, her hands on their bodies.

Katie stood up, and came over, and kissed Eric for a while too, while Cassie stood and watched. Watched, a little uncomfortably, telling herself she didn't own Eric, and shouldn't be jealous. She was pleased to realize she wasn't.

Cassie decided that she might enjoy this. Not the watching, especially. She didn't know if watching was going to turn her on very much. This was about seeing what happened, and what Katie did, and deciding if Cassie wanted to join in.

Cassie thought she might.

"We should start," Katie said after a while.

*

There was a spare bedroom down the hall, empty except for a bed and a chair. Everyone went in there. Katie took off her dress, and had nothing on underneath, and the men took off their towels. Eric too. He had stayed near Cassie, and hadn't changed out of his clothes, but now he undressed.

Cassie was in a room full of cocks. There was a naked woman too, but she hardly noticed that. There were six penises around her, most of them hard, all of them just there. It was a little overwhelming.

Some of the men were holding their cocks. Some were looking at Katie, already horny. Craig grinned at Cassie, and despite herself, Cassie glanced down.

Craig had a nice cock. He had a nice chest. He had a really nice ass, when he turned slightly towards Katie.

"That's for you," Katie said to Cassie, and pointed to the chair.

Cassie nodded, and sat down.

Katie slid onto the bed, and some of the men got on with her. Eric seem to hang back a little, and glanced over at Cassie. She smiled.

Katie started having sex. There was a queue to fuck her, and it seemed like another queue to reach her mouth, and there was a crowd around her, waiting, touching her. There was a lot more caressing and kissing than Cassie expected. It wasn't just Katie being fucked by one man after another, it was almost tender, as if they were all friends. That was familiar, Cassie realized. It was like when she and Eric were together. The men touched Katie, and kissed her, and stroked where they could reach, and even though Katie had different men in different parts of her most of the time, it seemed undemanding. As if it was for her as for the men. Katie was being kissed, and getting head as well as giving it, and they all stopped and started as Katie pushed men away and pulled others close, and they all took turns as she wanted to.

Cassie tried to keep an eye on Eric, but lost track of him among all the limbs. She found Craig, and watched him kissing Katie's shoulder. He seemed unable to reach more from where he was standing.

It was sexy. Katie and all those naked, writhing men. Cassie was getting turned on. More than she'd thought she would just from watching.

She watched Katie fuck. Watched Katie turned around, and get eaten out, and blow men Cassie didn't know. She was concentrating on Katie, Cassie realized. There were five naked men she didn't know in the room but they were oddly background. As they blended together, and became something merged, and Katie was what actually mattered here.

Cassie liked that. She liked the idea of that being her, of being that much the center of a whole room's attention.

Cassie noticed Katie start blowing Eric, and decided she wanted to see that better. She pulled her chair closer, so she was almost beside the bed, and sat watching quietly.

Watching a cock that had so often been in her own mouth, inside someone else's. That was an odd thought.

Eric must have noticed her move. He looked up, and said, "All okay?"

Cassie nodded. "Thank you. For this."

"It's fine. We're all glad you're here."

Another man, not Craig, said, "Yes," then, and a third smiled.

And they were talking over a fourth man's back, while he went down on Katie. They were talking in the middle of an orgy, and no-one seemed to mind.

That was odd, too, Cassie thought. As if the whole thing ought to be more earnest.

It wasn't, though. It was fun. Katie was having fun, and the men were having fun, and Cassie was the most serious one in the room.

Cassie got up and sat on the edge of the bed next to Eric.

Katie looked up, and smiled at Cassie. "Hi," she said.

"Hi," Cassie said back.

Then Katie was gone again, lost behind a tangle of men, distracted by what she was doing.

Cassie sat on the edge of the bed, while people had sex. While men knelt behind Katie, and put themselves inside her, and Katie's face drifted into sex expressions, and she forgot to blow Eric, and people stroked her back and arms.

It seemed organized. Like they'd done this before enough to know what to expect from each other. The men took turns, got out of each other's way without arguing, and seemed to touch each other on the shoulder to say they wanted a turn. Some of them gave Katie head, and some of them fucked her, and Cassie couldn't decide if it was just evolving or there was some kind of plan.

One of the men went down on Katie for a while, while Cassie watched. And watching someone else get her pussy licked turned Cassie on, a lot, as it turned out. She'd never realized it would, quite this much.

She was imagining herself being where Katie was, she realized, and she wasn't sure what to make of that.

The next time one of the men went down on Katie, Cassie leaned forward, so she could see his mouth better. He noticed, and moved slightly. Lifted his head so Cassie could see more easily.

Cassie watched. She was a little breathless, and horny. It was all was far sexier than she'd thought it would be.

The man licking Katie moved, and another man put his cock inside her.

Cassie sat back in the chair and watched Eric again. Katie was still sucking him. Watching Katie's mouth Eric's cock was interesting, for a few minutes, but watching his face was really hot.

Cassie had seen his sex faces before, but this was different. He was concentrating more, she decided. As if during sex he always held a little back, thinking about what he was doing to her. Now he wasn't worrying about anything except Katie's mouth, and he was completely focused on what he was feeling. She could watch him now, without distractions, and she liked that.

She was wondering what it would be like to be Katie right now. She wasn't watching Katie get fucked, so much as imagining herself where Katie was.

Cassie thought she could do this. She actually thought she was interested.

She tried to decide how much she wanted to join in. She thought about it, and decided to do something.
