 Alisha was taking her time today. She wanted to give Jim the best blowjob he has ever had. With her hands cupping his balls she deep-throated it with all the skill she had, causing moans to escape her man’s lips.

“Oh…god baby that is good…” is all Jim could say in between moans as he looked down and watched his dick slide in and out of her mouth. She was speeding up now, her tongue lashing out and trying to pull him close to orgasm.

“Keep going….I’m going to cum any minute…” Jim lets out as his hands run through her brown hair, but suddenly she stops and pulls away, leaving him so close to the promised land, yet so far away.

“Hey…no fair!” Jim looks down at her, but sees a smile on her face. Alisha stands to her feet and pulls her dress straps off her shoulder and pushes the dress to the ground, exposing her totally naked body to him. 

“Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm” is all Jim can say she runs her hands over her body, taking her time to pinch and tweak her stiff nipples a bit, causing her to moan a bit as well.

Alisha slowly moves back down, sitting on her tight ass before rolling onto her back, spreading her legs and playing with her dripping pussy a bit before cooing Jim down to the ground. 

“I want you…hard…fast…give me that cock!” Alisha begs between moans as Jim aims his hard 7” toward her pussy before plunging in hard with one stroke. Alisha arches up against him and begins bucking wildly as Jim fucks her as hard and fast as he can.

As moans and grunts fill the room, Jim sits up at a ninety degree angle to his lover, continuing the hot sex as sweat begins to form on both their bodies, with Alisha squeezing her tits with seemingly great force as Jim holds her waist and slams into her…he can tell she is getting close to her own orgasm. Her hand moves to her clit and after a few seconds is almost at her climax.

“Oh give me that big cock, fuck me! Yes! Just like that, Jimmy! Give it to me hard! I want to cover your dick with cum!” Alisha is almost screaming now as Jim continues his hard fuck, driving into her as hard as he can.

“I’m gonna cum…I’m gonna…I’m gonna CUM!” Alisha’s eyes clamp shut as orgasmic jolts explode her body, her back arching and her hand moving from her pussy to her tits, pinching her nipples hard as she moans out approval.

Slowly her eyes begin to open, Jim’s fucking has slowed a bit more than normal. As her vision flickers a bit she is met by two muscular legs standing over her and Jim sucking on a rock hard cock.

“OH MY GOD!” Alisha screams out and pulls her body away and out from between the legs of this new man. For a moment she can’t seem to put two and two together, then she realizes who is standing there.

“Austin? Is that you?” she asks coyly as the man turns around, a smile on his face as Jim continues sucking on his dick, running his tongue over the head like a pro.

“Sorry Alisha,” Jim suddenly speaks, pulling his mouth off his new toy, but still stroking it, “we set this little surprise up for you…do you like it?”

“I dunno…keep going…” is all she can say as she pushes her body back against the foot of the living room couch and watches the scene, taking more and more in each second.

Jim was still on his knees, his hand now stroking his cum-covered dick as Austin’s dick fucked his mouth. Alisha could hear grunts and moans coming from Jim as she stares at Austin’s ass, only now noticing how tight it was. Her hand began unconsciously moving across her pussy, but she wasn’t content for long.

SMACK! SMACK!

Austin bucks forward a bit as Alisha begins spanking his ass, wondering what she hasn’t been told about her man and his apparently better than best friend.

“I’m still confused…but I like it”

“Me and Jim just got a little naughty one night…that’s all” Austin says as he pushes Jim away from his cock.

“Now now you little slut,” he pats Jim on the head, “get back with her girl…I want to watch some more.”

“What?” Alisha asks what they are talking about.

“He was in the closet watching our hot little fuck, when you came he must not have been able to take it anymore…not that I mind. Now stand up and bend over…” Jim motions for Alisha to get off the floor as he gets to his feet. Alisha stands and looks at the two men, their hard and almost identical cocks up and at attention as she bends over the couch, shaking her ass at the two boys. 

She always thought Austin was kinda cute…but never knew he was like this.

“Are you ready baby?” Jim asks playfully, causing Alisha to simply shake her ass again as Jim moves in, placing his cock at the entrance to her pussy once more before pushing in and out slowly, his hands on her waist and helping the motions along.

Alisha looks over her shoulder and sees Austin with his arms wrapped around Jim’s chest and their tongues dancing together in a passionate kiss. This causes a moan to escape her lips as she tries to keep watching, but suddenly she feels the dick in her pussy jump up.

“ooooooo…what’s going on back there?” she asks as she looks back once more, and she can see Jim bending over a bit, and she can tell what is coming next.

“mmmmmmm is my big boy going to get fucked hard?” she asks and reaches back, with Jim leaning in and kissing her as Austin lubes up his hard cock and Jim’s asshole, getting ready to complete the little fuck train.

“Ready, slut?” Austin spanks Jim’s ass as another moan escapes his lips.

“Ohhh yes, fuck me…” Jim moans again as Austin places his cock at the entrance of Jim’s super-tight asshole and begins to push slowly, his cock beginning to be engulfed. Jim moans louder and louder as he keeps his dick inside Alisha, moving his body in and out slowly so as to keep the pain down, but soon pleasure fires through his body.

“Fuck me!” Jim screams out as he begins to buck back and forth, his dick slamming into Alisha’s pussy and with each backstroke he gets more and more hard cock up his ass, causing him and Alisha to moan in pleasure as she keeps her body twisted, watching the sexy scene behind her as she tries not to cum right there.

All three moan in unison as Jim speeds up his fucking, causing all of Austin’s cock to finally get inside of him, the tightness almost too much for Austin, but he holds himself off, beginning to fuck his body back and forth to get into the rhythm. Jim is in heaven as he has pussy on one end and cock on the other, stuck in the middle of a hard fuck sandwich.

“Oh god…I want to fill you with my cum, baby!” Jim lets out another loud moan as he gets closer to orgasm, his voice pushes both his playmates closer as well, with Alisha the closest of the two.

“Me too, baby…I’m gonna cover that hard cock with my cum…keep fucking me baby!” She grunts and moans more and more with each passing second, one hand has made it’s way to her clit and she is rubbing fiercely once more.

“Hurry baby…I’m going to cum sooooooon…” Jim can barely get the sentence out as his cock erupts deep in Alisha’s pussy, causing her body to spasm out of control in orgasm, both their bodies bucking hard, causing Jim to slam back into Austin harder and harder.

“Oh you slut! You fucking slut…I’m going to cum!” Austin screams out.

“Give it to me…I want it on my face!” these words catch Alisha off guard as Jim pulls out of her and off of Austin’s hard cock as he spins around and drops to his knees. Austin strokes his cock for a moment before he explodes, a long moan escaping from his mouth as cum flies out and strikes Jim on the chin.

Jim moves his face and opens his mouth wide, catching the next few huge blasts right in the back of this throat. Alisha is still in awe as her man again pulls the cock into his mouth and sucks Austin dry, leaving her to wrap her arms around Jim’s body and softly stroke his cum-covered cock.

Austin falls forward and onto the couch as Jim swallows the cum in his mouth, moaning out loud for the last time, leaving all three in a sweaty afterglow of the hot sexual fantasy that just occurred.