 CW: Threesome, mmf, D/s, bondage, humiliation.

***

I wasn't sure what I'd expected when Reza had summoned me from my busy office on Bank Street to come to Cherry Wood Hotel in Chelsea. By message he'd sworn it was important. Not another mad attempt to start us up again, fueled by sleepless nights with his entirely useless boyfriend Daniel (who worked in new media and asked to be called a guru, imagine), and a thick boner in his pants.

The hotel was distressingly discrete and I felt an inconvenient pang of lust. The illicit affair, one that takes managers like me away from their staff a day before the fiscal year end-there was no time for it. I oughtn't have come all the way here. The corridor was richly carpeted. The walls were panelled in reassuringly thick cherry wood. The doors were carefully labeled. Number four was at the end of the corridor.

I knocked first. I would give Reza a chance to put his pants on. Come to his senses. We stirred something deep, something profound in one another. That I could admit. I would never be rid of him, not even if I could bear it. But we were too alike. Our battle for dominance-our mutual desire to top-chased us both into the arms of lesser men and women, and in saner moments we both admitted there was nothing for it.

I used the key the desk attendant had given me and stepped into a large, dimly lit room. Reza was there. His shirt was unbuttoned, as were his raw denim jeans. Of course he'd come from work too. It was his law firm, he could wear what he liked. His wavy, shoulder length dark hair never changed, but his crooked smile held a mischievous quality that made me want to shut the door and run the other way.

"Ford. Glad you could make it." Reza stepped deeper into the room and I followed as my eyes adjusted. That's when I saw her.

On her knees by the window. Her arms were bound behind her and her legs were spread lewdly. There was a spreader bar between them. Clamps with delicate silver weights swung from her nipples. Most invitingly, her head had been affixed with a ring gag that made her drool and left her pink tongue visible and also vulnerable. Her body was soft and pale with red freckles that matched her wild red curls. The majority of her softness was concentrated in her thick hips and breasts, but I could make out the swell of an ample ass. She was exactly my taste in women; all the ones Reza had dated had shared his runner's body, but unfortunately not his taste in sexual accessories. There was a thick leather collar around her neck, and a dozen black and white silicone objects of various sizes spread out along a towel on the coffee table that had been pushed against the back wall.

If her body was that of a grown woman only a few years younger than Reza, her face was girlish. She was not made up and neither was she wrinkled. Rather, her eyes were wide and wild, with fear, or perhaps excitement. With that delightful gag on, it was not possible tell.

"What's this then?" I asked. I couldn't avoid showing both Reza and the girl I was half hard, but I was also distinctly annoyed. Where had Reza found this random woman and how had she possibly consented to this?

"This," said Reza, eyeing my trousers with undisguised arousal, "is the answer to our problems."

"I fail to see how."

Reza smiled. "We share the control. You talked about trying this once, remember? That night Vanessa turned you down for this. We were going to try it."

Of course. Vanessa. Gorgeous, fat bottomed Vanessa, with her too tight sweaters and her prudish sneer. She had looked like an unfreckled, brunette version of the girl bound by the window. Creamy skin, thick thighs. Not Reza's type, apart from the haughty attitude. Reza loved an ice queen. The better to make her crawl on all fours and beg for cock. Vanessa never went for it. Back then it was Reza's suggestion and I doubted Vanessa was into the kind of roughness that Reza wanted. I wasn't. Most women weren't, at least not casually. Too dangerous. Which brought me to young woman watching us with not a small amount of fear in her eyes.

"And who's this, Reza?"

"Whoever you want her to be."

I narrowed my eyes. "Reza. Her name."

"Seren Lewis. Isn't she lovely, Ford?"

She was. The lewd tenting in my pants was proof of that. "And how did she come to be gagged and waiting for me with you?"

Reza grinned. "She's mad for it, Ford. Believe me. Don't make this boring."

"You're the one being boring," I said coldly. This was us in the mood, always. Bickering and battling. Always negotiation. So much compromise. Never wild, passionate fucking. Someone was always playing a role they didn't want. It had been that way for both of us together, and ever since we'd began seeing other people. I wanted to make sure she wasn't playing a role she didn't want. Reza was careful, certainly, but he lusted for the illusion of nonconsent, which always played better in strange bedrooms with blokes than with a young woman, incapable (at this point anyway) of saying no.

Reza sighed. "I've been trying to find a third for us since we split, Ford. Actually, before that. Since Vanessa. I saw how bad you wanted her. What she did to you. God, I wasn't even jealous, you know? For the first time in my life, I wasn't even slightly jealous. I wanted to make her work for you.. Well, I've been searching but it's not easy I'll have you know."

Seren was watching us. Her cheeks were flushed. The gag made her drool. I had used a smaller one on Reza once and he'd despised it. He enjoyed humiliating, not being humiliated. He was always keen to use it on me, but I refused. Sucking cock was powerful, gratifying, but the gag robbed it of that. I'd suck Reza dry but I wouldn't wear a gag to do it. And yet still she looked lovely in it. Humiliated, certainly, and supplicating. But also horny.

"So I've scoured every forum around London. Mostly whores and fetishists, you know," Reza continued. He stripped off his button down white shirt. His dark, chiseled pecks caught the shadows perfectly even in the dim hotel room. I wanted to grab him and crush him against the wall, and explore his perfect mouth. He always tasted of green tea and lillies. "I gave up months ago, to be honest, but then this nymph found an old post of mine on a forum requesting thirds. She said she was experienced with kink. She'd been recruited by several couples to be a top or a bottom, depending on the situation. Said it was her fantasy to be between two bi male tops, well."

Reza wondered the same thing I did. Lots of straight women fantasized about gangbangs, sometimes even violent ones. Nothing wrong with fantasy right up until it stops being fun or was never what you wanted in the first place.

"She said it wasn't like that," said Reza. "That she considered herself a therapist fucktoy. Sounds like your kind of slut, Ford."

God, he was right. And his type, honestly. If I loved thick, heavenly women with plump tits and hips designed to to be squeezed and slapped. Reza loved sluts even more than he loved ice queens. I wanted to pull her hair and jam my cock down her throat to get it wet for Reza. I was so hard I could barely see straight. She looked like she needed to be owned. Still, it was usually more complicated where women were concerned. Reza's hand drifted down to my slacks where he caressed the outline of my hard cock.

"You're wondering whether I'm smart enough to have left a legal trail to ensure she consented to this arrangement. I don't even let the landscaper trim the back hedge without a contract, Ford, you know that. Bastard," Reza whispered in my ear. He stood behind me, still teasing me lightly, and pointed towards a stack of papers sitting near the TV cabinet. I leafed through them briefly. Her signature of consent. No monies to be exchanged. Potential to become an ongoing relationship. Our full names and contact information. Her safeword (blackberry), and one for when she was gagged (she had a bell on her middle finger she would shake to stop the scene). Condom use required for penetration except oral. A page on hard limits I couldn't concentrate on because Reza's strokes were becoming firm and impatient.

I tilted my head to kiss him. In addition to the sweetness of the green tea and the floral in his cologne, his mouth was spicy and warm like chai. "Hard limits?" I groaned.

Reza knew I meant hers. I already knew his. "Standard stuff. Scat, piss, fisting, drawing blood. She's less excited about pain that being controlled."

My hand was down Reza's pants. His shaft was longer than mine but not quite as thick. It was hot to the touch and somehow stiffened even more in my hand. I unzipped him with my left hand, stroking him gently. "You know what I need."

Reza moaned into my mouth as his jeans slid down his legs. "You always were too gentle, Eff." Reza always called me Eff whenever his cock was out. I never knew why.

I stroked him as my left hand slipped between his legs to cup his balls. "All right Rez, what do think we should do with her?"

Reza grunted. "Put that gag to use." I agreed. Reza turned to me. "You won't let me fuck your ass Eff, will you?"

I shook my head. He knew I wouldn't. I knew he wouldn't let me. That's why Seren was here.

"Fine then, lube her up and fuck her ass then," said Reza. Seren's eyes went wide. "Make her crawl around and beg to be spanked and fucked."

I wanted that too. I also wanted to suck Reza's cock and feel his hot little mouth on mine, but first I was going to need to assuage my anxiety. I looked at Seren, who was obviously aroused by us. We were both strong, fit guys with big dicks. We wanted each other and we wanted her. Naturally she was a puddle but you can't be too careful about stuff like this.

"Seren, we're going to fuck each other and use you while we're doing it. Nod if you understand."

She nodded, blushing a deep coral pink.

"We're going to treat you like the fucktoy you are. If you're especially good, I might try to get you off," I told her patiently. "But this isn't about you. It's about being a really obedient slut. I order you to use your safeword or the bell if you want us to stop and I promise we will. Do you agree that you want this?"

She nodded again, her face red from shyness as she drooled.

"Good girl," I said softly. I turned towards Reza, lost in the thrill of a chance to be dominant with two people who really turned me on. "Tell me what you want to happen next, Rez."

Reza licked his lips and reached for the towel on the bed, selecting a long, thin chain and handing it me. "Put that on her collar so you can be as rough as is necessary."

The chain was heavier than it looked. I unzipped my pants as I approached Seren. With no underwear, my cock sprung loose from the confines of my pants immediately. Seren's eyes were wide but my irresistible desire was tempered by an even greater pleasure at making her wait, forcing her to predict me. And honestly, it was Reza I was performing for. I reached under Seren's chin for the D-clip to her collar and attached the leash. I gave it a gentle tug and Seren and Reza both moaned.

"Like this?" I asked Reza.

He nodded. He walked around behind her and unclipped the leather restraints at her ankles from the spreader bar. "Lead her around the room. Make sure she doesn't stand. Sluts don't stand in front of me, they crawl with their mouths open."

My dick throbbed hearing Reza talk like that. His dominant side was so relatable, so...me. His hardness, his ferocity was my fetish. In my fantasies I was as callous as he was, but there was no room for me in our actual sex life. There was no room for him in mine.

I led Seren to the hotel door and back, my eyes flitting between Reza's stiff cock and Seren's thick hips wiggling with each movement. She was so feminine she was obscene. The ring gag and the leash were a stroke of genius. I led her back to Reza and then turned her around to show her ass off to Reza and humiliate her in the process.

"Eff, get her up on the bed. That slut needs her tight little asshole reamed and I'm just the one to train her to take it."

I helped her climb onto the bed, delivering her ass a hard spank as she got up onto it. She stayed on all fours. I reclined on the overstuffed pillows and tugged the leash towards me. She crawled between my legs. I was still mostly clothed.

"Rez, while you're spreading her open, I'm going to put that mouth to use. She's got a ring gag so even if it hurts, she won't bite me."

"You may as well use her, Eff. That's what she's for." Reza was coating the black silicone buttplug from the towel in lube.

I reached out to stroke her face. Her skin was so porcelain, so soft. Her green eyes were wild, full of need. Don't worry, darling, I thought. We all need to be used for something.

I got a grip on her leash and shortened it just as I pushed her head down on my cock. The ring in her mouth made it artificially tight, but it was hot and soaking wet, and the fact she couldn't control the speed or the depth of the way I fucked her mouth more than made up for not getting to enjoy the sucking sensation. I'd just make Rez blow me before we blew our loads. Maybe we could keep her here longer and go again. She moaned as I fucked her helpless mouth and I pictured tying her so tight she could barely move while I fucked Rez's mouth and sprayed my load all over her face. Every woman I'd ever tried that with hated it, but I imagined this one would love it. Her ass wiggled and it occurred to me that maybe her skin was so creamy because she practically bathed in the stuff.

"Clip her wrists back together, Eff."

"She can't hold her head up."

Rez grinned. "What does she need her head up for anyway?"

I clipped the chain that bound her wrists behind her back and she fell forward so that her mouth was utterly impaled on my cock. I groaned loudly but lifted her head off me a little so she could breath.

"Perfect," said Rez, climbing between her legs, spreader bar in one hand and the buttplug in the other. "Now open those legs wide, slut. Wider." He spanked her pussy lightly. "Wider. There's a girl." He clipped her ankle restraints back on the bar. "God, look at you. You're so wet I shouldn't have bothered to lube this, I could've just used your pussy juice. Look at those arms bound all nicely. Are you showing my friend Eff a good time, slut? Are you really using that tongue like the little toy you are?"

Rez winked at me and Seren started to moan. Her eyes went wide from the pressure of the plug and I tightened my grip on her leash, gagging her with my cock to distract her. Her tongue was on fire, the heat soft and inviting. She howled around me as Rez drove the plug into her ass and still she didn't ring her bell, so I held her down on my cock, cutting off her air until I felt her sag with relief. It was in. I held her up to take a breath.

"You took it all, Seren.Good girl," I told her. Her eyes were wet but she beamed when I said it. Rez was annoyed with my tenderness, and slapped the plug.

"Don't congratulate her yet, Eff. All she did was take a plug, and not even a large one. She'll have to really prove herself later with my cock in her ass and yours in that filthy pussy of hers."

My cock twitched in Seren's mouth at the thought and she moaned. I stroked her hair, eager to see the thick black plug stretching her asshole, and already impatient to bury my thick cock in her until she begged to come.

Rez climbed up on the bed beside Seren and pushed her off me. Arms and legs bound, all she could do was roll over helplessly onto her side and watch us with her wide, wet doe eyes.

"Watch how it's done, slut, and perhaps we'll let you practice on both of us," Rez whispered, but his hot coal eyes were locked on mine. He took my soaking cock in his hand and traced his tongue from the base of the shaft to the tip. He took the tip into his mouth, teasing me with licks and gentle tooth grazes. I gasped. He was trying to impress me. It was working. He plunged his mouth onto me, taking all of me on the second thrust. He thrust his head hard, fucking me with his mouth, running his tongue up and down me in dizzying spirals of ecstasy while Seren moaned wordless, helpless arousal as she was forced to watch but not participate.

After all these years, Rez knew my cock well. He worked me like an expert. I'd forgotten what he was capable of and soon he'd pushed me to the brink. I grabbed the back of his hair roughly and pulled him so he was up on his knees, his own long cock stiff, curved towards my mouth. My head was against the headboard. I cupped his heavy balls in my hand, rolling them in my right as I pumped his cock with my left, kissing the tip, teasing him in return.

What Reza really wanted was a bratty bottom-something I could never give him. Even Seren was more my type of bottom-someone in control of their own sexuality who submits because they need to. Reza wanted worship and rebellion. A frustrating slut who acted out constantly seeking punishment. That was something I would only do while sucking his cock.

"Fuck, Eff." Rez was frustrated, eager to demonstrate dominance, especially with an audience. He seized my head and began fucking my face. I let him, accepting his long cock at the back on my throat, but I was just that-utterly passive. A hole. He needed more. He stopped thrusting and slapped my cheek. Not hard, but Seren still gasped. I wondered if she was afraid Rez would do the same to her. He wouldn't. The rules were different with women, which was why Rez usually preferred men. Rez left his bottoms bruised. Women made him hesitate.

"Do it properly."

Rez liked a lot of action. He gave head the way he wanted to receive it. A lot of tongue, a lot of thrust. But I could play bratty for him for the moment. I glanced up at him, doing my best to look innocent. No doubt it failed utterly.

"Beg me," I said, in bold defiance of Rez's personal script. I was supposed to be doing the begging.

"You know you need it," Rez moaned.

"You need it more," I said. "Maybe you should be the one on the leash."

Frustrated and slightly humiliated, Rez's cock stiffened against my cheek. He tapped my cheek with it and I took him down my throat. His precum tasted warm and salty-toffee, like his coloring. He thrust into my throat but more gently this time and I stroked the base of his cock while working the rest with my tongue. Light spirals and heavy, heated strokes, while I glanced up at him and down at Seren in turn. She was as rapt as she was helpless.

I felt Rez's balls begin the clench just as he pulled away from me, gasping for breath, so close to the edge. He kissed me deeply again, his tongue replacing his glorious cock and I melted into his arms, lost in his musk, the heat of his mouth on mine.

Rez climbed off me and over Seren's prone form to thrust his cock through the ring in her gag. She moaned and tried to fight the angle of his penetration but she couldn't. Rez had pinned her to the bed. I glanced over to the pile of toys on the towel and saw a larger gag. I sprung to my feet and retrieved it.

Rez saw what I was doing and climbed off of her, allowing me to reach behind her head and replace the first one.

"Are you all right?" I asked, holding the gag out to her. She nodded slowly, somewhat dazed. Rez had probably told her not to talk, which is a pity. I love talking to my bottoms. Rez prefers them gagged by any means necessary, the more dehumanizing the better.

"Good," I said. She didn't need reminding of how to use her safeword, not if she'd done this before. It took her several tries to open her mouth wide enough to accommodate the metal ring on the second gag. I fastened the closures on the back of her head and grabbed her leash, helping her down off the bed and back onto her knees, getting a delicious view of her buttplug along the way. Rez followed us. I stroked her hair again, this time to make Rez jealous. More dominance.
