 My ex and I have done some pretty kinky things. We used to frequent the adult theaters. My ex stands five foot two and has 38C tits that are still perky even at 46. She has an ass that begs to be grabbed. Her legs are muscular and shapely. She liked to wrap them around me while my dick was buried deep in her ass.

One trip to the local theater produced more fun than we expected. She wore one of my dress shirts with nothing-on underneath. She unbuttoned it until the slit was only an inch below her beautiful full bush and topped the outfit off with a belt around her waist. Then she unbuttoned the top until there were only a couple buttons holding it together.

We drove to the theater telling how she wanted to feel my dick deep in her pussy while she sucked the cum out of another dick. The more she talked the harder my dick got. When we walked in, she pulled me close and whispered that her legs were wet from her pussy juice. We walked up the counter to get our tokens. The guy behind the counter kept stealing glances at Rose as he counted out my tokens. While I was getting the tokens she went over to a magazine rack and squatted down facing the clerk so that he had good shot of her hairy bush. When I turned to get her she was still pretending to look at the different magazines. When I walked up to her she smiled up at me and slowly stood up taking time to make sure her dress stayed open as long as possible. 

We went back to the booth section and began to look for a booth that had a nice hole between it and the other booth beside it. We entered the booth and heard the door close on the booth beside us. I put the tokens in the money slot and set down with her on my lap as the movie began to play. The girl on the screen was sucking this guy. I whispered in Rose's ear that I thought that looked like fun. She turned around to face me and began to kiss me. She reached down and started to rub my dick through my pants. I could feel my precum leaking as she stuck her tongue deep in my mouth and rubbed my dick through my jeans.

I noticed a movement out of the corner of my eye and noticed that a medium sized dick was sticking through the hole in the wall. I pulled away and whispered that she had a present in the wall. She turned towards the wall and bent over and started to stroke the dick. We could hear moans coming from the other side of the wall. She bent over and started to lick around the head and down the shaft. As she bent forward her dress rode up exposing her ass. She began to suck on the dick making loud slurping sounds while I started rubbing her ass. She responded by moving her ass back towards me. She began to hum while she sucked the dick and the noises coming from the other side of the wall became louder.

He started to fuck her face bumping against the wall. I stuck a finger in her soaping wet pussy and started to finger fuck her. She began to rock back and forth on my finger and plunged forward on her prize dick sticking through the wall. She suddenly sucked the entire dick in her mouth. She leaned back running my fingers deep into her pussy. She turned away from the dick and kissed me deeply with her tongue letting me taste his precum.

Rose stood up, and pulled the dress (shirt) over her head. She stood completely naked in the booth. She looked at me and asked if I liked what I saw. I told her yes she was gorgeous. With that she reached over and opened the door to the booth. Another person appeared in the doorway. She told him to stand where he was and she turned to me and began to pull my pants off. When she had, my pants down and my stiff dick out, she turned towards the dick in the wall and pulled the dick to her. She slowly slid her pussy down on my dick as she began lick and suck his dick again. She stopped sucking long enough to tell the guy in the doorway she liked to see a dick cum and told him to stroke his dick for her while she went back to sucking the dick in the hole. She slowly rode my dick as she sucked the unknown dick.

He began to fuck her face again while he forced his dick down her throat. My dick was about to bust as I watched her suck this dick. I pulled my dick out and started to ease it into her tight ass. She grunted and I felt my dick slide into her ass, slick from her juices. She moaned loudly and started to suck the dick deep into her throat. I felt her start to shake as her orgasm began. She pulled the dick out of her mouth and started stroking both dicks while she rode my dick in her ass. The person in the doorway grunted and tensed up as he began to shoot hot loads of cum. She pulled away from the dick in the hole and directed the cum down on her stomach and tits as she shoved her ass down on my dick. The dick in the hole, started shooting cum wildly out in the air.

Watching this was too much for me. I exploded into her ass while the dick in the hole finished shooting cum all over my wife. She stood up and turned towards me with a big smile on her face. She was rubbing the cum all over her breasts and down her stomach. The person from in the doorway excused himself and left. She came over to me and kissed me again rubbing her cum soaked breasts up against me. We kissed and made out for a while letting the guy that was now in the next booth watch the show. She stroked my dick back to life and we fucked in the booth with the door open and the other guys watching.

My dick slid easily in out of her dripping pussy. She straddled me and I could feel the drying cum on her chest and tits. I could feel my cum dripping out of her ass as we rubbed and kissed. Several guys were standing at the door jacking off. Rose turned around and repositioned herself and asked them if they were enjoying the show as she rode up and down on my dick, telling them she wanted to see them shoot their loads. She held her hand out for them to cum in. As each one came she would rub the next ones dick lubricating it with the others cum. She became turned on watching the other dicks shoot cum. She came again and began to ride up and down on my dick as she moaned and grunted. She was dripping wet with sweat and cum. Each guy would shoot and some would land on her tits and stomach as well in her hand. It wasn't long before I filled her pussy full of cum. She finished the last guy up and we gathered her shirt, (dress) and left. 

She walked out of the theater with her shirt open cum soaked and happy. We made it home and finished the night with a long bath then some slow lovemaking. That was one of the wilder nights.