 My ex wife and I decided to go to the motorcycle races at Laguna Seca.

Even though we had been divorced about 4 years at this time, we still would get together for trips I knew she would enjoy, and she would also show up just for sex, sometimes telling me about the terrible date she'd been on that night, weird situation but unexpected sex beats watching TV.

We packed up the motorhome and off we went. We took a side trip along 17 mile drive at Pebble Beach, then had a nice lunch in Monterrey at a nice Italian place before heading inland to the racetrack.

She had been to other races with me and knew how the girls dressed so she packed a lot of flirty and revealing outfits. She enjoyed the attention from the guys and their taking pictures of her.

She was 37 and it boosted her confidence that the younger guys liked what they saw and I liked to watch her flirt, and blush at the compliments. She's 5'3" 110 lbs. wavy blonde hair and blue eyes, cute perky tits and a very curvy firm ass, no stretch marks or wrinkles anywhere and she stayed nicely tanned in the Summer. 

After we had settled into our camp spot and met the neighbors we headed out walking towards the pits, then we saw a beautiful old Norton motorcycle parked next to a Triumph and another older BSA, we love the old British iron and we had a Norton Commando at home.

So we stopped to talk to the three guys, they were in their early 20's, they were camping out in a van.

She was wearing a small black bikini top, black matching thong bottom and a pair of very short black shorts over her bikini, and her black satin Norton baseball jacket.

They wanted photos of her on their bikes so she posed on two of them and we went off to check out the concessions and vendor booths.

Later in the day after the qualifying was over we walked back by the 3 guys again and started talking, they wanted more photos, she went back to our motorhome and came back with a pair of black patent leather 5 inch high heels.

We moved one bike over to where it would have a nicer background with the infield lake behind her and she started posing, then she took off her jacket and shorts, by now there were quite a few horny guys standing around also taking pictures and asking her to pose certain ways for them, then she took off her bikini top for them, it was really exciting to see my wife wearing only the high heels and thong in front of all these strangers, and she was enjoying putting on a show for them.

After the photo session we were walking back towards the other bikes, she still in just her heels and thong with her tits proudly on display for all to see, when we got back to their van and the other two bikes she invited them to our motorhome for a beer.

She was normally not the instigator of our sexual adventures involving more than one man so I knew she was comfortable with these three young guys, but still wondered what, or how far she wanted to play.

She climbed on the back of a guy's bike and the view was great, she was holding her jacket and shorts in her hand and her ass sticking out and up on the bike made it look even nicer, I took a photo as they slowly cruised along to our spot while other guys they passed pointed her out to their friends. She told me later she was rubbing his crotch with her free hand as they rode along.

The other two guys and I walked along towards our camp spot talking, when we got there they were already inside and she was getting beers out of the fridge, bending over in an exaggerated pose, I knew then that we were here for more than beer when I saw her flirty posturing in front of them.

They sat on the bed at the rear and one of the guys saw a stack of photos on the counter and asked if he could take a look at them, I said sure, they were photos of her nude or in lingerie, in all sorts of places and positions, indoors and outdoors, at home, in the car and on the beach.

Some were of her on all fours with a guy fucking her pussy while she sucked another guys cock, this one of my favorite views, lots of pix of her sucking my cock with somebody just visible fucking her from behind, and also lots of shots of cum on her face and tits, some from my cock and some from other guys, I love how she looks with a facial, and she doesn't just let it sit there, she plays with cum, she swirls it around with her tongue and fingers, rubbing it around her mouth and rubbing it on her nipples while looking into our eyes with those pretty blue eyes and she always wore makeup to show them off.

They passed around the pix while sipping their beers and comparing their favorite photos to each other, she was standing, leaning against a counter top when I mentioned that they had almost seen all of her, and why didn't she show them what the others hadn't, she didn't hesitate at all.

She asked them if they wanted to see her pussy?

Well Duh? What normal guy wouldn't?

She moved to the center of the aisle right in front of them and slowly turned around with her ass facing them, they scooted closer to the center of the bed in anticipation, she then bent all the way over with her hands holding her ankles and wiggled her ass at them while looking back around at them.

We had been to strip clubs and she saw what the girls did that drove the guys crazy so she knew what to do. 

She then reached up and hooked her thumbs in the sides of her thong and started to slowly pull them down, a little bit at a time on each side, slowly moving her ass from side to side, then her asshole was showing, they started telling her how great she looked and and one told her he wanted to lick her ass, she teased them and pulled the thong back up a tiny bit, she watched their faces, then started pulling them down past her smoothly shaved pussy, the guys were getting closer to the edge of the bed to get a better view.

She finally pulled the thong all the way down to her feet and stepped out of them, she spread her feet wider apart so they could see better then she reached up between her thighs and with two fingers she spread the lips of her pussy open for them, she rubbed her clit a bit and said the magic words.

"Why don't you guys play with my cunt for me?"

She didn't usually say cunt, but she knew it turned me on to hear her say it.

Well it took off from there, she does not care for a cock in her ass so she would be with two at a time while one sucked her nipples or whatever he wanted. She turned and sat on the bed between them and they started making out and fingering her pussy, I started taking pictures, they started stripping their clothes off and the sight of three naked men on the bed of our motorhome with my naked ex wife (except for her heels) mixed in between them was a beautiful thing to see, and later when there was room I would join in, but for now I wanted to take photos and watch her perform and be pleased, and used by them as their slut.

These situations didn't fall into place very often and I wanted the memories, in my mind, and the photos.

The guys were moving around trying to figure out who first, and where and it seemed a bit clumsy until she said she wanted to suck their cocks first, she wanted to feel their cocks and balls in her mouth and get them nice and hard first, she says they all feel different to her, plus she knew I wanted photos, when everyone was warmed up she got on her hands and knees in the center of the bed and said she wanted to be their slut, but only fingers inside her ass, no cocks, and to only cum on her face, tits or on her ass, she never liked swallowing cum.

They all took turns at her mouth and pussy, each seemed to be trying to outdo the other in his prowess and ability to make her cum, and making this last as long as they could, one guy liked to grab her by the hair as he fucked her mouth roughly, she didn't mind and would look up into his eyes as he did. She didn't mind because I also like to do this sometimes to set the pace I want.

Another guy, when she was on her back would straddle her head and have her suck his balls into her mouth as he jacked off onto her tits, her rubbing his cum around her tits was a nice scene.

With this many guys there were a lot of favorite things they wanted to do to her, and since she wanted to play the slut for them she was very happy to please them, and me.

When she cums too many times she gets sensitive and has to take a break.

One thing that really amused me was during one of her breaks she went into the bathroom, when she came out her lipstick and makeup had been refreshed, she said if anybody was going to see the photos she wanted to look good in them.

We would talk and they would rub her legs and back and when she was ready another hard cock slipped into her pussy while she reached for the nearest cock to suck, they wanted to try all the positions they could think of and she enjoyed their attention to her pleasure, even though their main goal was to fuck her mouth and pussy and shoot their cum all over this pretty blonde woman giving herself to them, asking them to use her as they wished.

Being young they had lots of stamina and would get hard again pretty quickly after shooting a load of cum somewhere on my ex wife, after everyone seemed satisfied and a bit worn out we sat and talked casually, 4 naked men and a woman with cum all over her face and body, sitting around talking about our jobs, the races and our motorcycles, seemed almost funny to me.

The bedspread was a mess and she wanted to change it, but it was July and still light outside and there was another day of racing, so we talked her into leaving it messy, then she asked them if they wanted to come back late that night?

After they left she told me she wanted them to fuck her on a motorcycle, she even explained how she wanted to be face down with her ass at the end of the seat. And on her back with her legs held spread open in the air by the other two guys while she held onto the handlebars and was f***ed to take turns sucking the cocks of the guys holding her.

This was a big surprise for me because during the almost 10 years that we were married, I'd always had a motorcycle or two in the garage, and we had taken lots of photos of her on my bikes, but she never once mentioned having sex on them, and also no word of being held or f***ed.

They did come over that night, and we had an even better repeat of earlier, she was more relaxed, and they knew they were coming to fuck and get their cocks and balls sucked, and they were really ready, said they'd been looking forward to it since they left.

But it never got safe enough for her to get fucked on the bike, too many people kept walking by, even with the porch light off and the awning extended, but she did suck the guy with the largest cock just outside the door while one guy stood around sort of blocking the view and playing with her tits, the other also squeezing her nipples, and every once in a while putting his hand behind her head, fingers in her hair and pushing her deeper and harder onto his friends big cock. It's nice to have helpful friends.

She was down on her knees on the carpet mat in front of the door, she was only wearing her heels while sucking his cock outside and if anyone really looked they could of seen what she was doing, the chance of being seen outdoors naked with a big cock in her mouth excited her, but none of the people who walked by noticed.

He said he was getting ready to cum and told her to look up at him, that he was going to cum on her face, and he wanted her to ask for it, he had her put her arms behind her, she did and it made her tits stand out even nicer than normal, the other one grabbed her blonde hair in his hand and pulled her head back a bit so her face was looking right up at the big cock.

Then she said please cum all over my face.

I felt like I was going to cum just from watching and hearing her speak like this, he started shooting his cum on her mouth, forehead, cheeks, he wiped the last bit off on her lips as she looked into his eyes and smiled.

I stepped up as soon as he backed away and put my cock in her mouth, the other two were still on both sides of her holding her tits and hair, she looked so beautiful, on her knees with cum all over her face, sucking my cock while they held her ready and waiting for my cum, there was no reason to hold her, she was enjoying this, it was just a fantasy being played out but the fact that she was willingly in this position was exciting. I came on her as she smiled up at me. We all went back inside, cleaned up a bit and sat around talking.

They got dressed and said they were going to go get something to eat and invited us, but we had plenty of great food ready to heat up.

Before they left she told them they could come over tomorrow and use her all over again, she told them she loved the feel of their cocks in her mouth and cunt at the same time and wanted to be a good slut for them. This is not at all her normal language, she knows what to say to drive me nuts.

We had a great time at the races, I can't tell you who won, but it was an experience we will never forget.

We exchanged mailing addresses and I sent the guys copies of the photos.

We had a nice, slow drive back, and she stayed dressed very sexy, black lace top stockings and heels, or a short Kimono that she would open to show all, we were high enough that the people in cars could not see the show she was putting on, she didn't mind that the truckers could see everything. The truckers stared at her exposed tits and widely spread legs, sometimes if she thought the driver was cute, she would put one foot on the dashboard to give them a better view of her pussy as she rubbed her fingers along her slit. She would tell me what they were doing since I had to keep us in our lane without hitting a weaving semi truck.

This was all turning her on and she showed me a damp finger as proof, she would smile up at them and wink as she rolled her nipples around or sucked on a finger as if it were a cock for them, usually getting a blast from their air horns as a thank you.

This took place in the same motorhome of my "First BBC not as expected" story, RV life is fun! Thanks for reading our story, hope you enjoyed it.