 Sin was standing at the bar looking for a stool. She was very excited as her boyfriend Jur had called and told her he had a surprise. She was to put on sexy clothing and go to this bar where he would pick her up, with the surprise. The call had made Sin very horny already. She started by taking a shower to get prepared. The hot water running over her body was soothing, and yet, each drop that landed on her nipples made her tingle all over her body. She followed the path of the water drops with her hands. She cupped her gorgeous breasts and played with her now stiff nipples. Oh, she was wet and the evening hadn't yet started. 

With a sponge she lathered herself with care not missing one spot on her smooth skin. The tickling feeling of the sponge against her bare pussy was almost too much for her. Sin stepped out of the shower and dried herself while looking at her body in the mirror. She was proud of her body, with her big, round breasts and small dark nipples. Sin was tall, with long legs ending in a firm ass and a pussy she kept bare and smooth at all times. 

Tonight she decided to wear her black stockings which she knew would turn Jur on. She put on a very short skirt and the tinniest string she could find. For good measure she topped it off with a bra that enhanced her cleavage and of course, a very revealing top. 

She knew heads would be turning as she walked to the bar.

Soon Sin found a stool and she enjoyed all the eyes on her as she sat down, taking care that all the men present saw her skirt riding up even higher on her ass and saw her silk stockings.

Sipping her champagne she hoped Jur would arrive soon. She was so hot; the small string was already moist from her juicy pussy. Besides, she was a little nervous from sitting at the bar alone with all those men staring at her. But she had to admit that it also turned her on.

Finally Jur arrived. He looked so very handsome in a white shirt and jeans. He was very tall with broad shoulders and long legs ending in a very nice tight butt. He had dark brown hair and matching eyes. As he walked towards Sin he savoured her looks, watching her sit there in this sea of mostly men, beaming towards him. He loved the way she was dressed in this very sexy way, with a sorry excuse of a skirt showing of her endless legs and her tight ass. 

As he looked at her he could see where the stockings ended and her smooth skin started, and imagined running his tongue on that skin, on a path towards her pussy and blissful passion. He was proud of the fact that every man in the room envied him. At Sin's side he kissed her passionately and said, "Hi Love, you look gorgeous as ever. Every man in this room is ready to eat you I think!" 

Sin laughed. "I know! I am glad you are here, I couldn't wait any longer! I am very curious about the surprise." Jur turned towards the door and nodded. At that moment Mike, Jur's buddy, walked in. Jur was drop dead gorgeous, but Mike had a rugged handsome look to him. Also broad shouldered, both men towered over Sin. She was delighted. She knew Mike from a few parties and had mentioned to Jur that she would love a threesome with him. 

Mike apparently knew this, as he was grinning at her. As he walked towards her he thought he must be the luckiest guy in the room if not the world. He was going to enjoy this beautiful woman with his friend! She was sitting there with a hungry look in her eyes. He couldn't help staring at her legs that seemed to go on forever in that short skirt. He saw her black stockings and it turned him on. Her breasts were there for him to feast his eyes on and he could only imagine what she was wearing under that skirt. 

As if she could read his mind she unfurled her legs and opened her knees just so that he got a glimpse of a small string. As quickly she showed it, it was gone as she crossed her legs again. Oh yes! He was going to enjoy tonight, planning on running his tongue all over that body of hers. 

"Hi, naughty girl!" he said when getting to her. Sin smiled at him and said, "Hi handsome devil!"

"So, I hear from Jur that you might be interested in me," he winked at her.

"I most certainly am! I heard you are a very interesting person!" she teased while looking at his crotch. They all laughed and while Sin continued on her champagne, the guys ordered their drinks. The sexual tension was huge but there was a certain fun in delaying the pleasure. Of course there was a lot of flirting going on. 

After a drink or two Sin felt the hands of Jur and Mike taking turns up her skirt. She loved the feeling of a big man's hand caressing her leg up her ass, fingers tantalizing against her butt-cheeks, sometimes audaciously skimming the lips of her pussy through her string. This playfulness made Sin even hotter, if possible. She noticed also the growing bulges in the men's pants. She had to admit she was making it hard for them not to react. A brush of her breast against Mike's arm made his eyes sparkle and a wandering hand against his crotch made his jeans so much tighter. 

Jur was even easier. She only had to push her ass against him to make his cock swell in his pants. Both guys were seriously enjoying the looks of other men in the bar. Even though it was dark enough in the bar it was plain to see that something was going on between the three of them. Sin always fantasised about these situations. She loved the flirt, the playfulness, the game. She loved teasing men in this way, giving them a glimpse of her body and watching their imagination in their eyes as they saw her with these two gorgeous men. If they only knew that all their fantasies would probably come to live that night... but they would never know.

Jur and Mike were so turned on; it was definitely time to go somewhere else. "Shall we go back home to continue this conversation in a more private setting?" Jur read her mind. She and Mike nodded in agreement.

Walking home between these men was very exciting. Both were holding Sin tight, either around a shoulder with a hand casually over her breast, or around her back with a hand on her ass. As they climbed up the steps to Sin and Jur's place, she felt two hands on her butt, creeping under her skirt. The sensation of these hands on her silk stockings and then on her bare ass was amazing. 

She was so wet, she was afraid she was dripping on the floor. Mike could feel her pussy juices through her thong as he brushed his fingers against her already swollen lips and it made him even hornier!

Once in their apartment, Mike and Jur took turns in the shower while Sin prepared glasses and opened a champagne bottle. It was her favourite drink and it turned her on. She was thinking about what Jur had told her about Mike. As they both went to the same gym and often worked out together before going for drinks, they would usually hit the showers at the same time. Jur couldn't help but notice that Mike had a very large cock. 

Jur was very well endowed himself, but Mike's was extremely long with his 9 inches at least. This of course had made Sin very curious and she could not wait to wrap her hands as well as her lips and tongue around Mike. It was such an exciting thought to have these two men at her disposal for a whole night!

Finally both men, with just a towel wrapped around their hips, came into the living room where Sin was impatiently waiting. She sighed of pleasure at the sight and gave both of them a glass of bubbles. They stood around the fire place with her in the middle. They caressed her back and ass while drinking their champagne. 

She could not concentrate on anything except the thought of the two cocks for her to pleasure and who most certainly would pleasure her, over and over again. She did not notice that she was starring at the bulges under the towels. The men were laughing and making jokes about it. Sin looked up at Jur with demanding eyes, as she always did in a silent question of permission. Jur gave an almost imperceptible nod which was just what she needed.

Sin turned to Mike, sensuously moving her hips as she moved towards him, making sure he could see every curve of her body through her clothes. She wetted her lips and, as she stood on her toes, started kissing him while caressing the muscles in his arms and shoulders.

She made sure to press her beasts against his chest while she whispered in his ear, 'Why don't you undress me?" 

Mike stroked his hands against the sides of her thighs up to her skirt, then moved his hands to her ass and lifted her up by her butt. Sin had a very sensitive ass and this movement made her so hot, her knees almost buckled from under her. The sensation of being held by a powerful man, caressing and holding her up by her ass was such a turn on. 

Sin wrapped her legs around his hips while kissing him. Mike unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it off, displaying her full and perfect breast in a beautiful black laced bra. He had to stop kissing her lips and instead moved to kissing her neck and then lower; her breasts, along the line of her bra. 

Jur, in the meanwhile, was very content by just watching. It always gave him a strange combination of feelings seeing Sin with somebody else; there was possessiveness and excitement.

Mike put Sin back on her feet and was removing her skirt. Once only in her bra, string and stockings, she dropped to her knees and unwrapped Mike's towel from his hips. She felt like unpacking a gift on Christmas morning, all excited and impatient. She was rewarded for her curiousness as Mike was indeed very large, especially now that he was extremely turned on. He had loved how he could pick Sin up by her ass and could lick and suckle on her nipples. His cock was throbbing as she pushed her hips to him. 

Now she was kneeling in front of him and he saw excitement in her eyes as she uncovered his cock, hard for her. She took him with both her hands and softly blew her warm breath on the tip. With her tongue she started at the base and agonisingly slowly, she moved her tongue towards the head, which was big and red. The whole shaft was pulsating and twitching under her touch. Softly she swirled her tongue around the head taking care not to touch the most sensitive spot just yet. 

Then, with a flick of her tongue she finally touched that spot ever so softly and quickly. She could hear Mike's breath intake and knew she was doing a good job. She started licking the top of the head feeling its movement of excitement. Slowly she wrapped her lips around just the tip of the head and even slower she moved her lips until she had the whole head in her mouth. He was so big; it made her already moist pussy even wetter. She was drenching her string. It was so hot to have that long dick at her disposal and being able to touch it and feel it and taste it. 

Mike started moaning out of pleasure and out of frustration, so Sin picked up the pace and started licking and sucking the whole length of his cock. Deep throating a man was not her strongest side, but, oh, she did try and did her best with this big dick. She caressed his balls and while stroking the throbbing length she kissed and licked the balls as well.

Jur could no longer stand aside and do nothing, so he caressed Sin's butt he so loved and started touching her pussy. He laughed at how wet the string was and removed the drenched item together with her bra. 

"She is so wet from sucking you, it is incredible!" he told his buddy. Mike could barely think straight from the blowjob he was getting, but he laughed as well and turned Sin around, letting her pay some much needed attention to Jur's cock. Sin did not mind of course, though she made a disappointed sound. She was very much enjoying sucking Mike's cock, but she loved Jur's and applied herself to his shaft with new energy. She lavished her tongue along the whole length of his dick. She then took his balls in her hand, and while squeezing ever so gently, moved her lips around his pulsating head. 

In the meanwhile Mike played with her pussy, finding it indeed very wet, which he loved. He positioned Sin such as she could suck Jur's cock and he, Mike, could pay attention to her pussy. Mike enjoyed eating pussy and took his time doing it. He kissed her inner thighs while softly brushing his fingers against her wet lips. He then kissed those lips while slowly rubbing his finger a bit harder between her lips and against her clit. 

Sin's eyes teared up from pure pleasure. This was so good, she felt so hot. She loved having her pussy being eaten, especially while she was sucking on a cock. As Mike started moving his finger, he put his whole mouth to her clot and sucked and licked the little devil. Sin moaned and squirmed under him. She was bucking her pelvis to get even closer to Mike. He licked her inner lips and sucked on them and tasted her juices. Oh, she was so hot and tasted so good! Her pussy fluids were really flowing and Mike lapped it all up. Sin was sobbing, begging for release while still sucking Jur, who was enjoying the view and the sensation of Sin licking and sucking in the same rhythm as Mike was moving on her. 

Finally she came, drenching Mike's face, unable to scream her release as he still had Jur's cock deep in her mouth. Sin turned around and started kissing Mike, tasting herself on his lips. She loved those sloppy kisses and found them very erotic.

In the meanwhile Jur grabbed her ass that was now pointing tentatively at him and kissed those gorgeous cheeks. He pulled her towards him and started teasing her first with his head against her clit, then ramming the whole length into her in one, swift motion. Sin whimpered from delight against Mike's lips. Jur could feel her shudder. While moving inside her, he splayed his fingers across her round butt and slowly moved them closer to her tight butthole. He massaged it and teased it, first around the rim and then, slowly, with the wet tip of a finger worked himself inside. 

Sin sighed and stopped giving Mike a handjob to start sucking on that gorgeous length of his again. 

While the head of Jur's cock was as wide as the shaft, Mike had a real mushroom head, wider than the shaft. She loved the difference and played with wet fingers over Mike's head while licking the length. She could put his head in her mouth and run both her hands from her lips to the hilt.

If this wasn't enough to get her going again, the fingers she felt slipping in her tight hole behind her surely did the trick. She enjoyed having her butthole teased this way. Knowing this, Jur was still playing with her ass that way and as she was very horny and relaxed at the same time, he soon fitted in two fingers. 

He knew he was not hurting her as she moved and pushed her ass towards him; so he moved his cock from her pussy and started teasing her little star with the head of his dick. When he felt she was ready, instead of pushing on, he stopped and said to Mike, "I think you should try her tight pussy. She will love it!" 

Mike did not need to be told twice and lay Sin down on the couch so she was comfortable to adjust to his size. He had to use all his restraint to not jump and ravish her, she was so hot and horny and his cock was throbbing from wanting release. Sin watched as he approached her with that huge, massive dick and she wet her lips. She was ready for it, could not wait any longer to feel this giant inside her. 

Mike slowly pushed his big mushroom head between her drenching lips and felt them parting as she opened her legs wider. He pushed further as she took deep breath to adjust to his length. He was so big and she loved it all. Jur was kissing and stroking her breasts in the meanwhile to keep her turned on and to tease her senses. 

Once inside Mike stopped moving so she could get used to it. Soon she started squirming, wanting more action, so Mike slowly moved out off her, but not completely, and then moved slowly back in. He was very gentle as he was afraid to hurt her, but soon he found out she wanted more. 

As each stroke came faster and faster, Sin was almost ready to come again. Mike picked her up and with a wink to Jur, started moving Sin up and down his cock while standing. Jur could now move to stand in front of Mike with Sin's back against his chest. Sin felt safe between these two men and could not believe her luck. She had hoped at the beginning of the evening that this might happen; being able to enjoy two cocks at the same time in a sandwich position. Now she felt Jur grabbing her ass again and felt him touch her asshole. 

It was still ready for him as he stood closer and pushed his cock inside her butt with Mike still in her pussy. Sin thought she would die from pleasure. A shudder passed through her and both men felt it, making them grin. As they moved her up and down in union, Mike was sucking her hard nipples and Jur was fingering her clit. 

The movements went faster and Sin could not hold it any longer. She came, hard, sobbing and almost screaming. She felt SO good. Her pussy and ass tightened around both cocks. This intense pressure and her shudders brought both men to their undoing. They came hard as well, almost simultaneously, as Sin felt the pulsations of their cocks as they released their cream inside her...

Sin felt glorious and spent. Having these two studs at her disposal was pure bliss. The whole evening was already so much better than what she actually had hoped for. She was just a bit disappointed that she did not get any cum over her breasts and body or in her mouth. She knew this was a naughty thought, but as she lay there between these two gorgeous men on the couch, catching their breath, she was hoping the night was not yet over...