 This story is a standalone part two to Mina: "Exchange Student Extraordinaire", and is my sophomore effort at writing. It's a long time coming but I am very pleased with the progression of the story so far. Hopefully there will be more sooner this time. All characters are, of course, 18 or older. The original story can be found by clicking on my author name above. I very much hope you'll enjoy both.

*

18 year old Allan Green wondered briefly what his Twin brother Adam was up to back in the US before deciding to worry about him later on. After all, he had to get his thoughts on paper while they were still fresh in his memory.... 

Allan set down to write a quick journal entry in his diary for that morning (he had always kept a diary, something that separated him and his brother who wasn't a big fan of writing or literature): 

"Day 1 in Japan: I would like to write more and in detail but I am having to fantastic of a time, and I can hardly concentrate my brain is so clouded with sex.... I got here yesterday, and found it strange that the father was out of town on business and supposedly would be for the entire first month here. Weird. I guess that's how it is in Japanese business. No fooling around with what Americans consider a normal workday or a normal business trip. I didn't realize how great this actually was though, until this morning.

Mina's mother is actually just her stepmother; I do not know the whereabouts of her real mom. Suffice to say stepmom is only about ten years older then I, and fucking unbelievable to look at. Simply gorgeous. And not just attractive, but alluring... She practically oozes sex. Her voice is constantly a come-and-fuck me tone of broken but understandable English, and her demeanor is something out of a porno movie right before the man miraculously finds out that all the women around him just cast clothes and inhibitions aside as if it were normal.

So, like that isn't good enough, they have an Eastern European housekeeper, she looked as if she hailed from one of the former USSR republics, and her Russian-or-something-like-it sounding accent and tall perfectly built frame added up to what I expected would be a lot of masturbation fodder.... And it may, yet, but the masturbation apparently will have to wait for when I'm back home, I discovered this morning. 

I was in the middle of waking up from an unreal sex dream where I was about to cum all over and didn't give two shits about the mess in my dream. I was about to blow my load into the mouth of an unidentified and strangely blurry stranger. I couldn't see her. I just knew she was hot, naked and sucking my cock and I wanted to fill her mouth.

I began to awake, as is the norm with my wet dreams, thinking soon I'd be rolling in a puddle of my own cum, when I suddenly came full force into reality, right as I shot my load. Get this, oh diary: I woke with a start pumping a geyser of cum onto what was blatantly obviously two unidentified women underneath my sheets licking, sucking and giggling. I flung the sheet open just in time to catch the last of my load pumping into the mouth of, of all people, the mother of the student who was 15,000 miles away staying with my own family, and her "housekeeper" sucking at the side of her open mouth, as if to steal my cum from her before she could swallow it all. 

I wanted to ask what was going on, but I thought that it was pretty damn obvious, and that probably one man in a hundred million ever awakes to something like this going on. I was already getting hard again just thinking about what was going on, and decided rather then question it, I'd keep my mouth shut and enjoy.

I pulled the sheets back up over my head so all three of us were no underneath the covers, myself, Silvia, and Mai, (as they'd introduced themselves to me as the night before shortly before I lay down in my hostess' bed and stroked myself to orgasm. The only masturbation I hope to be doing this trip, in hindsight.)

I decided to ensure I wasn't completely showed up, and made a management decision. I snuggled up against Silvia, who was tall mid thirties, and the oldest person living in the house while the man of the house was away on business, and put my left hand down between her legs and began to stroke her engorged clit while shoving my tongue deep in her throat. I then rolled over so she was actually on the outside, spooning me but kept my hand between her legs and me head turned towards her. I then grabbed Mai, and pulled her petite, soft-yet-firm frame against me so I was spooning her, and reached my other hand down, wiped some of my cum from my cock and put my arm underneath and around her so I could hold her against me while putting those fingers in her mouth. She moaned, and that was all I needed. I lifted her top leg and slid my cock into her as far as it would go, and she cooed with pleasure, all the while I'm still doing my best to finger Silvia with some sort of effectiveness behind me. 

She knew, being on the outside, her turn would come and for now the focus was on me fucking Mai. She pressed her naked breasts against me back and reached a hand between my legs from behind to cup and stroke my hard nuts as I picked up speed fucking Mai.  

As if things weren't already completely insane, I got scared for just a moment with fright before I knew the intent of the toy Silvia pulled out from a bedside table, but was shortly thereafter relieved, and actually somehow even more insanely horny when I saw what was happening. 

Silvia had pulled an enormously long average thickness pink double jelly dong from nowhere, and slid one end of it deep in her aching pussy. This is the part where I got scared for just a second, not knowing her intentions at first. That didn't last long. She cooed in my ear to stop, the first words spoken so far since I'd awoke, and told me in her sultry east Europe accent to pull out of Mai, things were going to change just a little.

I did as I was told, and immediately ached to be back inside her. I didn't have to wait long, as Silvia leaned over me, and lubed Mai's ass up, then asked me to slide my cock into the Asian woman's ass. Mai nodded that this was OK, and I did as I was told. The Jelly Dong then, long as it was, was bent around underneath my balls between my legs, and inserted into Mai's pussy where my cock had just been.

I couldn't believe it. I was double fucking Mai with Silvia in a three-person spoon, and I must say, it was absolutely exquisite. Easily the most amazing thing I'd ever felt in my life. I sped up as I got accustomed to her asshole and I could feel Silvia increase her rhythm to match mine. Before you knew it, we were all panting and moaning and dripping in an intimacy I can't properly describe. But it was perfect. I shot a wad of hot cum deep into her ass right as she was screaming from what had to be the hardest orgasm I'd ever seen a woman have. Her continued lack of control over her sexy, utterly filthy, half-English half-Japanese dirty talk made me so horny that, to my own surprise, I pumped a fresh load of cum just as I was pulling out of her asshole, perfectly timed so it covered her back with a stream of slick, white lust, some which ran so that it collected in the small of her back, and the rest filling a lovely puddle in her gorgeous asshole and overflowed down her legs and onto her pussy from behind, just for good measure. She was nearly speechless, and panting, obviously as ecstatic as I was that she had cast aside any lingering doubts she may have had with regard to fucking her "foreign exchange son" the first morning I was with them.

I was curious to a fault about her mind set and how amazingly erotic the way she went about satisfying her pussy had been; accepting a hard fucking from both Silvia and I..... Knowing I made her pussy wet enough to fuck me awake gives me very high hopes for the rest of my time in Japan. God damn if we didn't set the bar pretty high though, now. 

I lifted my body away from her for a moment to avoid being caught in my own mess, and as I moved, Silvia slid in between us, literally, body pressing against Mai's soaking back as she moved up and begged to be sandwiched in between Mai and I. It felt so good to have my skin pressed against her long body. Combine that with knowing she was effectively rubbing my cum all over her body in an attempt to satisfy whatever deep sexual yearning she was restless with, compelling her to act with lustful abandon so complete I might never forget the look in her eyes... Combine all that, and you have what I had become. A young nymphomaniac male, utterly drunk on sex with two gorgeous older women, and no amount in sight that would appease either me or my new best friends. 

I started to stroke my cock using my heavier then normal dose of precum as lubricant, but before I could even begin to put a dent in my needs, Silvia abruptly turned facing me, grabbed my cock and guided it into her pussy. She wanted to watch and wanted me to watch her as I nailed her, and I knew she was truly enjoying it, even when Mai slid the two sided dong deep into Silvia's ass and began to fuck her like it was a friendly competition between us to see who could better use their member, real or not. Every stroke Mai pounded into Silvia felt absolutely wonderful against my cock, as the fit in her snatch was so tight I had to grind my teeth and it was damn near like she was rubbing my cock without a protective uterine wall between her faux fuckstick and my real one.

Shortly, Silvia started screaming and Mai and I both increased our pumping speed to full bore.... I was getting there in short order when Silvia clamped off her vocal sex show by thrusting her mouth against my neck and biting right behind my ear, hard enough to hurt like hell but instead of getting mad at causing me pain, I demanded she do it again and she obliged, Mai still fucking away at her from behind... This time she bit down even harder. Yellow bolts of pain traveled up and down my body, and apparently stopped in at my cock to get a makeover, because the pain transformed directly into an orgasm so explosive I bit my lip and sucked in my breathe like I'd been kicked..,. On the verge of passing out from the ecstasy of it all, I unloaded enormous streams of cum into her, moaning myself with no regard for anything other then selfish, delicious wet fulfillment. As my face gave away the intensity of my delight, she simultaneously showed me what Kegel exercises are really all about, wringing me utterly dry and devoid of another drop of cum for the moment.

We all knew it was time for a nap. I'm getting ready for mine now, but wanted to get this into my diary before it became hazy in my head.... So, Dear Diary, that's how morning one in Japan went........ I wonder how my brother is doing with Mai's (step)daughter back in the states. Certainly not as well as my trip here was going, but maybe Mina was freaky like her matriarch and showing Adam a good time. I think I'm going to call him before my nap. Talk to you later, Diary.~~