 My partner Dick and I own a small consulting business. Basically we travel about fifty percent of our time with the rest spent in our office. We have two other employees, a receptionist and Emily. Emily is the core of our company. She is capable of being, and has been, an Executive Secretary in a large corporation but chooses the more relaxed life of looking after the two of us. Emily holds things together, makes sure we meet appointments and arranges travel reservations while looking after all invoicing accounting and financial aspects of our small company.

Emily is married, about 45 years old, petite with a trim lithe body. She is a fashionable dresser and is always immaculately groomed. She is all business but friendly and easy with people and is very much a contributor to the modest success of our business.

Relations between her and the two of us have always been quite proper. Dick and I have kept our business lives in the office separate from our personal lives and Emily seemed quite comfortable with that. I am a confirmed bachelor and Dick is divorced. We have been buddies and associates since college. We have met Emily's husband Brad at several social functions. He appeared to be a decent guy who was very affectionate towards his wife. 

This is not to say that Dick and I don't enjoy looking at Emily. Quite the contrary and I believe that she enjoys our attention towards her and her body. She makes feminine business clothes look very sensual. No partially exposed boobs or anything of that sort and in fact she usually wears high neck blouses or sweaters. But high heels, business suits or black stockings with tight fitting skirts or dresses and a delicious hip-swaying walk do tend to force one's mind in a certain direction. However, as stated, we were otherwise quite proper in our work related exchanges with Emily.

We have very few regular large clients and count on capturing many smaller ones to make our business tenable. We don't advertise but do count on word of mouth from satisfied customers. We decided that we would host a hospitality suite at our next industry convention in an attempt to please our current clients and hopefully attract new ones. It was our first venture into the world of promotion and we knew little about it.

However, Emily was well experienced in that regard and we asked her to not only attend the convention but to mastermind and organize our efforts. In addition we suggested that her husband could attend the affair at our expense. She informed us a few days later that her hubby was tied up but that she would be happy to attend and to look after the suite and all arrangements.

Emily arranged for two small suites and a larger one to use as a hospitality center. She would use the larger suite as her room. That would make it easier for her to organize the daily openings. The suite was basically a large furnished room, with a kitchenette, bar, bathroom and an en-suite bedroom for Emily. 

The day arrived and we flew to the convention city together and checked into our rooms. The first day was spent organizing the suite, arranging for drinks, snacks and invitations. Basically we left it all in Emily's hands and just acted as gophers each time she needed something. We saw her for the first time in casual slacks and sweaters that were much more revealing than her normal work attire.

Protocol at our conventions is to have hospitality suites open only when there were no events scheduled. Usually a suite will be open during lunch hour and then after 4 pm until midnight. We chose to open only during lunch hour and from 4 pm to 7 pm. We knew from experience in attending many such suites in the past that most heavy drinking and distasteful happenings occurred during the late hour leading up to midnight. Emily would be in attendance during those open hours with either Dick or I present.

The first night at a convention is usually spent meeting old friends and business associates. After a meet and greet affair we took Emily for dinner to a fine restaurant in the convention hotel. She looked great and less formal than usual. Her neat little boobs fairly bulged out of the top of a form fitting dress. She also had a soft seductive look about her. I was suddenly looking at her in a different light and was beginning to have second thoughts about our "hands off" policy, at least during the convention. 

By the time we had polished off our second bottle of wine, the erotic tension at the table was very high, and Emily was doing nothing to reduce it. She laughed at every joke, and held our gaze when looking at one or the other of us. She would reach out and touch us on the hand or arm in that natural way that women use to send signals and express feelings. However, she suddenly rose and whispered, "Good night guys, busy day tomorrow, see you then."

We both stood up, ready to accompany to her room but she smiled and raised her hand, "I can make it on my own, no worries." We watched her sweet little butt manoeuvre its way through the tables and out.

Dick exclaimed, "Who was that masked woman!" We laughed, both very impressed with the new look Emily.

We were even more impressed the next day as we opened our suite for the first time. Both of us attended and watched in admiration as our efficient little secretary enthralled an entire room of thirsty men. She was the ultimate hostess, dressed in a low cut peasants blouse, a skirt that swirled when she turned and which also managed to display her little round bum to best advantage. She went steadily from one group of guys to the next, beckoning the barkeeper to bring a drink or heure d'oeuvres to a guest while smiling constantly and appearing as if the was having the time of her life. 

The flip side of all this graciousness was that there were one or two of our treasured clients who took her pleasing approach as an invitation to make a move on her. One guy in particular was following her around like a puppy. So while I was envisioning making a move on her myself I was not ready to allow others the same option.

I pulled Emily to one side and said, "Look Emily, you don't have to put up with any of these guys if you don't want to. Do you want me to warn that jerk off?"

She touched my arm with a smile sending warm little feelings from my head to my toes and said, "Relax, this is my world and I can deal with anything that may come up." She giggled at that and said, "If something happens that I can't handle, the barkeeper is prepared to intervene. No need for you to punch out a client." She gave me a quick peck on the cheek and I did relax and got back to business.

And so it went as the days wore on, our suite practically bulging with current and hopefully future clients no doubt drawn by our beautiful hostess. Dick and I were supposed to alternate, one of us always being present in the suite with Emily, the other out looking for new clients in the convention to invite up for a drink. However, we elected to stay in the suite not willing to not watch our number one employee at work. She was just fucking gorgeous and we could not take our eyes off of her. Our pledge to not become involved with an employee was being sorely tested.

The last day arrived and the last client hustled out of the door. We helped Emily and the barkeeper clean up the place with the latter removing extra booze and glasses and plates and crumbs to leave us finally alone with Emily.

Emily said, "Look guys I have to freshen up but why not hang around while I shower and pretty myself up for our final dinner this evening. We've all been busy, let's take a break, have a drink and we can compare notes in a few minutes." She gave us each a little peck on the cheek and retired to her bedroom.

We did as told settling down on the outside deck with a beer. Was this the same gal we were so damn polite and careful with at the office? Her warm and flirtatious approach with all of the visiting clients during the suite operation was at odds with how firm but polite she treated some of these same guys at the office. We kind of liked this new version and our thoughts were along the line of begging for her attention. Despite that, we were unprepared for the third version of this lady to make her appearance.

"Calmer now?" came the voice from the doorway. She stood there in a short white robe; her hair pulled back into a ponytail, and what only can be described as an "inviting look" on her beautiful face. The robe was tied at the waist but parted above and below enough to demonstrate that she was naked underneath.

We were sitting in basket chairs, side by side looking out over the city. She moved behind and between us and put a very soft warm hand on our necks. God she smelled like heaven. Her fingers toyed with our earlobes.

But her words belied her touches when she said, "Our reservation at the restaurant is in an hour. You should both go and change in a few minutes, this is a high end establishment and jacket and tie are required." With that she bent down to each of us in turn for a kiss. No little peck on the cheek this time. And I am sure that Dick had as good a look at her tits as did I through the parted robe. Each kiss ended with a circling of her tongue around our lips.

Can this be real? Is she inviting both of us to make a move on her? The reaction was instant erections.

She straightened up, in full control of herself and the situation, and turned to leave. "Have to get pretty for you and I didn't shower yet. But I do need to dine before we discuss what might follow after dinner. We can have the entire night together. I hope that I have not misread your intentions. Don't think so. Horny men and women have surrounded me for days and I am looking for some pleasure of my own. Be here to pick me up at quarter to eight." Her robe dropped to the floor and we watched frozen in time as her beautiful little round ass shimmied out of our view.

Dick said, "I don't know about you but I don't plan on waiting until after dinner. I think that she's just teasing; she wants action right now. I'm going to check it out." 

He leaped up and followed our naked Executive Secretary. Dick was always quicker on the uptake than I, something I had experienced many times chasing women in the past. I rose more slowly and followed in his wake.

By the time I got to her bedroom she was in Dick's arms and they were kissing wildly. His big hands were roaming her naked body while she was fumbling with his belt buckle and zipper. 

I heard her mutter "in the shower Dick" as he picked her up and almost ran into the bathroom. I followed but neither of them knew that I existed at that moment in time and I did not feel that I was intruding in any way. Dick almost did a header as he struggled to get his pants and shorts off. 

Emily reached in to adjust the shower as a naked Dick finally grabbed her by the hips and rammed his cock against her butt. Emily had regained control of her emotions and whispered, "slow down baby, pussy won't go away, it's all ready for you." She pushed Dick into the shower, looked at me with a vacant smile and said, "wait for me in bed, this won't take long."

I didn't leave, I was mesmerized and the hot burn in my cock forced me to watch them get it on. Emily had called it and it would not last long. I watched through the steamed up glass of the shower stall as she dropped to her knees and sucked poor Dick off in about one minute. I headed for the bed, ripping my clothes off and climbing under the covers to the sound of Dick's shouts of pleasure and despair.

A few minutes later as my eyes focused on the bathroom doorway, she reappeared still naked and towelling her hair with upstretched arms. I was looking at feminine perfection. Tiny lithe body, everything in perfect proportion, nipples hardened, a beautiful soft belly, tight waist, rounded hips and an exotic pubic bulge the size of a half an apple covered by a damp red bush shaped like a V ending at the tip of her slit. 

She motioned me to throw off the sheet, "I'm naked sweetie and so should you be." Her voice was low and husky. Emily was obviously very horny. She stood close to the side of the bed with legs spread and selected a tube of jelly from the bedside table and squeezed some on my fingers and then some on her own. "I'm dry from the shower, loosen me up Jim."

She leaned over me, grasped my cock with her jellied fingers and spread her legs wider for mine. I was fighting for control as her hand circled my cock and I grasped her pussy. She kissed me and then moved a hard nipple to my lips and began to moan softly as I prepared to slide a finger into her swollen slit. 

She whispered, "I've been wanting this for a while." She sucked my lower lip into her mouth as I continued to caress her pussy lips, rubbing them together, faking entry, crunching down with the palm of my hand on her beautiful mound.

"Tell me you want me Jim. It's important for me to know. Are you good for a while? Can you last? Dick couldn't make it. I barely touched him and he was off. I need more now. I want you in me."

Her words calmed me somewhat. I had been teetering on the edge while luxuriating in her insistent stroking of my cock. But now we were in the same boat and I was and am proud of my ability to last. I said, "I want you Emily, been dreaming of this for a long time. I'm good; want to make this last all night if I can." I had two fingers in her now and she was moaning with desire and climbed over me on the bed, straddling me until her pussy was directly over my erection.

I used my fingers to spread her pussy lips as she lowered down. I felt the knob of my cock slide in between my fingers and then pulled them free as Emily encased it with her pussy, squeezing it just below the bulge. 

"Let me, let me," she panted, her breath coming in short little bursts. She began to corkscrew her way down my shaft with slow little bursts. "It's perfect," she cried, "I knew it, I knew it, oh Jim."

I reached behind her to grasp her ass cheeks, working them, spreading them, and encouraging her to take it all. She sat up on me; her back straight and her head tilted up as if seeing the heavens. She leaned back a little bracing her hands on my knees as she settled down until her ass was on my thighs and my cock totally buried in her. There is no feeling that compares to that sensation for a man, no matter how many times it is experienced. That first total entry into the depth of a woman who wants you there cannot be challenged for pleasure.

She leaned ahead now, bringing her arms ahead to brace on my shoulders while dangling her sweet tits before my eyes. She was calm but very intense as she twisted and turned while fully impaled on my cock. Little lifts up and down as if testing for pleasure. She peered down at me with vacant lust filled eyes. She began her ballet, up and down, twist and turn, squeeze and release, faster and faster until she was taking full-length strokes with my knob clearing her lips on each rise but recaptured immediately for the next downward spiral.

I whispered, "Slow a bit baby, and let's catch our breath. You do want this to last don't you?"

She paused and slowed down, "Okay, what's your pleasure."

"Let me taste you. Suck your nipples. Lick your pussy. And then take my turn."

"Really? My pussy too? That might make me come." But she obeyed, lowering her upper body until my mouth could reach her nipples. She fed me like a baby, moving one nipple to my mouth for an extended lick and suck, and then the other, all the while with my cock buried in her. I moved my mouth between her tits and began vertical suggestive licks. She lifted a little and I slipped my hands between her legs and cupped her ass cheeks, pulling her up along my body until her musky pussy was right over my extended tongue. She whimpered as I pulled her down, her fingers between her pussy lips, spreading them for my tongue tip.

Her body jerked at the first touch of my tongue. "Oh God," she cried, "what if I come?"

No need to answer as I ran my tongue to the bottom of her slit and then arched it forward to her clit. "I've never, I've never---" her words tailed off as I flattened my tongue to rub her slit full length. She grasped my head with her hands, digging her nails into my hair, pulling me up against her pussy. I was gasping for air a little when she lifted and cried out, "Okay, now your turn, do what you want, I need it, now."

I rolled her off of me and we repositioned on our sides facing each other. She immediately threw one leg over my hip as I guided my shaft to her pussy. A little adjustment from each of us and I sunk it quickly into her as deep as the position allowed. No matter, I fucked her gently and continuously, she arching her hips toward me to receive my rhythmic thrusts. We moaned and praised each other, "So good, hot pussy, hard cock, more, more, go, go". They were mindless words that drove both of us to seek the final act.

I was suddenly on top of her, locked together, her legs circled around my back with her heels jammed on the back of my thighs. The hard long strokes phased into short grinding ones as I felt her pussy and entire body begin to vibrate and convulse. She cried out as my first burst of cum seared her vagina. I attempted to drive it deeper in her, determined to plant my seed in her depths with she desperately joining me. We froze locked together as she milked me of the last drop of cum in my body.

I finally rolled off of her, both of our bodies bathed in sweat. The air felt cold and refreshing as we lay there spent. She took my hand and said, "So good Jim, exactly what I needed."

After a while she got off of the bed and clutching her pussy jiggled off to the bathroom. She stopped in the doorway and smiled, "Better tell Dick to give me a few minutes."

This jolted me somewhat. After all I had just provided her exactly what she had needed hadn't I? But I thought it out, pulled my shorts on and went into the other room. 

Dick was sitting on the sofa watching TV and looking very depressed. He looked up at me and said, "What the hell, I was like a fucking teenager in there, shot my load as soon as her lips touched me. Well almost as soon." We laughed at that and I had no plans to rub it in. It had all worked out to my satisfaction.

So I said, "Well, you did get a blow job buddy. Did you ever think that you would get that from our Emily before?" 

He grinned and said, "Actually she pulled off as soon as I come, I shot my load over her shoulder, could hear it slam into the glass door."

We could barely restrain ourselves, giggling like two drunkards laughing at their own humour.

And then from the bedroom Emily said, "Where are you Dick? I'm ready for you." 

Dick whispered to me, "Is she kidding me? I would have thought that she had enough of me."

I said, "She is not kidding old friend and if I were you I would not chance missing some of the sweetest pussy you will ever have."

Dick rose up and handed me the TV remote. "No peeking," he said.

I didn't mention that I had already watched him get off in the shower as I replaced him on the sofa. I left them alone for a while but then I just had to have a look. I wanted to see if my good friend was as good as I had been at pleasing Emily.

Dick's big two hundred pound body was flat on his back as the tiny Emily was spread on top of him, her legs down and twined around his massive ones, her little butt cramping and releasing and making it appear that she had the cock as she attacked his body with her pussy.

She was moaning and exclaiming, "Oh Dick, so good, the biggest cock I have ever had, so hard, you're the best."

Oh well, I was content with my fifteen minutes of fame.