 Round Two

A matter of trust

Jack had not intended to discipline Kaia quite so severely: but one thing led to another and now here she was, standing on tiptoe with her arms stretched above her head by chains and handcuffs, so that the slightest force would make her swing or pivot by her wrists.

The girl's Polynesian heritage was clear from a physique that was both fit and voluptuous. Jack noted the way that her finely toned leg muscles were taut with the effort of maintaining balance, as her toes strained to keep contact with the floor. He congratulated himself on how her black stockings and suspenders perfectly complemented the duskiness of her skin, just as he gloried in the curves that drew his gaze naturally down to the neat little thatch of curls that hid and yet hinted at the contours of her pussy. Raising his eyes higher, he gave silent thanks for the magnificent breasts that were so lovingly presented by her black satin bustier. Its half-cups revealed most of her large, dark aureoles and Jack was delighted to see that her nipples were now proud with arousal, to the point that they had come entirely free of the constraining satin and lace.

His eyes met hers, taking in the wide, open expression that had charmed him from the first. He saw the mix of excitement and trepidation there - and the way she moistened her lips as she made to speak.

"Please, Jack..." she pleaded, "I know I didn't do as you asked - but if you let me go, I promise I'll make it up to you."

He groaned with pleasure, wondering if she knew how perfectly she'd just fit the mould... and then he drove home his control. 

"We both know that's a lie, Kaia. You've already demonstrated how you trust your own feelings more than my authority. It's one of the things I admire about you: but if you want any chance of being selected, then it's necessary that I punish you for your disobedience."

So saying, he stepped forwards and took her by the hips, running his fingers slowly upwards until they hooked under the belt of her suspenders. He paused there, drinking in the gorgeous perfume of honeysuckle and hot girl; and then he gave her the lightest of spins and stood back to watch as she rotated helplessly by the fulcrum of her bound wrists. She came to a stop facing away from him, with her naked arse in temptingly close range: and Jack was never one to resist temptation.

Of all the beautiful things about Kaia, her arse was perhaps the most perfect. Perfectly full, perfectly rounded: and perfectly inviting. 

"A lot depends on how well you take this, Kaia", he stated flatly. Then he walked over to the display on the wall and mused for a moment over which implement to use. 

"Don't you dare hurt her, you bastard!" 

Mildly surprised by this interruption, Jack looked over to its source. In the circumstances he had to admit that it was brave of Narelle to speak out: brave but also foolish. If she had been intending to say anything more, the young Aussie's intentions were cut short by the simple expedient of Philippe tugging sharply on the choke chain around her neck. It was sheathed in soft velvet but it was now so tight that the only further sounds she was able to utter were gurgles as she fought for air. Nor was it only her collar that had tightened. The contraption of chains and ropes by which the girl was suspended above the bed had simultaneously stretched her limbs further apart and raised her arse, so that it was now completely accessible for whatever purpose Philippe had in store.

Jack had to concede that Narelle's arse was as fabulous as her friend's, though as with most things about the two young Antipodeans, that was mostly a case of opposites. Narelle was not merely blonde and fair skinned but also tall and lithe, with the firm buttocks of a dancer. At that moment, however, the most striking thing about her rear was not the contrast with Kaia's voluptuous duskiness but the fact that her private parts were so openly on display. Her costume was identical to her friend's, except for being white where Kaia's was black: and she was likewise naked where it counted most because both girls' panties had been removed soon after they were led, blindfolded, into the dungeon.

Now, totally exposed by the splaying of her legs and the smoothness of her Brazilian, Narelle's pussy stood out thrillingly pink and moist. Her inner lips gaped open from where Philippe had already brought her to screaming climax with his celebrated oral skills and she was clearly ripe for fucking. But that was not yet to be her fate. As Jack watched, Philippe winked at him and proceeded to press a long, well-lubed butt plug into the helpless girl's anus. He did it firmly and decisively and the squeals that came from her constricted throat were sensational. Jack grinned as his partner gave Narelle a fond but brisk spanking, pausing only to gesture that it was now Jack's turn to administer due punishment, free of any protests from the Australian quarter.

As Jack returned his attention to Kaia, he found that she had twisted around far enough to see exactly what was being done to her friend: and he saw the look in her eyes turn to panic as she registered what he was taking down from the wall. 

"That's right, my sweet: I'm going to whip you. Six of the best: not so hard as to do any real damage but quite hard enough to make you beg me to stop. Which of course I will not do, until your punishment is complete."

"Jack, please..."

"The only way you can make this stop is by giving up. Is that what you want?"

Kaia shook her head but she was wide-eyed with fear as Jack swung the whip so that it made a swishing sound as its tail split the air.

"Good. You were the most disobedient of all the girls and now I have to discipline you quite severely - but if you trust me to punish you only as you deserve, then afterwards we can take things to the next level." He paused, locking eyes with her as he raised the whip and tested the flex of it. "So, are you going to trust me and learn when to be obedient?"

It was the million dollar question: the one they had put to both girls earlier, over dinner, as they explained how the next stage of the selection process would work.

"This evening we are going to give each of you a special test," Jack had said as they waited for dessert. "It's a test of obedience but also a test of trust. To pass, you have to do exactly as you are told, or accept a punishment in proportion to your level of disobedience. You will be ordered to follow precise instructions, which your instincts may tell you to refuse. But if you do, then the punishment will be frightening and painful and you will have to trust absolutely that we will not let you come to any serious harm.' He had let that sink in for a moment and then put it to each of them in turn. "So, Kaia, are you willing to take the test?"

Now, just as she had done at dinner, Jack saw her swallow and then look across at Narelle. Both girls had asked to be excused so they could confer, before returning to the table and asking, "Do all the girls take the same test?"

"Yes - and we want the two of you to take it together, because the second part of the test requires a pair of candidates and we know you've formed a real bond."

There was no doubt about that. Now Jack saw Kaia's eyes flick between the whip in his hand and what was going on across the room, drawn by what was being done to her friend. He looked across himself and saw that Philippe had loosened the choke chain but had now taken Narelle's long, blonde hair in his left hand and was using it to manoeuvre her, with her forearms on the bed but most of her weight suspended by the ropes and chains, as if by a crane. Philippe had only to tug on her hair and her whole body moved backwards towards him. With his right hand he was holding his cock so that it pointed spear-like at her defenceless rear. As they watched, enthralled, the Frenchman adjusted her alignment and then gave a quick pull on her hair that docked the mouth of her cunt precisely onto the head of his cock. She gave a grunt that combined surprise, pleasure and longing; and a moment later it turned to a deep groan as Philippe pulled her hair so powerfully that he entirely impaled her on the longest cock she had ever received. 

Kaia looked back at him over her shoulder and Jack saw submission written plain on her face. She was not a girl who could easily conceal her feelings - that much he already knew - but now he saw that she was also quite pragmatic. It may have been nervousness that made her lick her lips but having done so she promptly turned herself around so as to present her arse to him. 

He smiled. "Good girl. Now bend forward a little - and close your eyes."

He watched as she did exactly as she was told; and in the process she also pushed out her breasts until they broke completely free of her bustier.

Jack found it remarkable that both girls seemed so willing to accept their punishment, after their initial refusal to obey any instructions that went against their better nature. Though neither girl knew it, that had been the most important part of a classic psychological test. Each girl in turn had been put into a sealed booth and told to turn a dial that inflicted a steadily increasing electric shock to one of the other candidates, who was sat on the other side of a two-way mirror.

Both Kaia and Narelle had questioned their instructions and shown great reluctance to comply. They had baulked even when told that the same thing would be done to them and that only the ones who obeyed could proceed to the next stage of selection. After much deliberating they did each eventually inflict the first, mild shock on the test subjects. Narelle had also taken things to the second level, though only after being reminded that she would be punished in proportion to the level of her refusal. Kaia had refused to do even that much and had left the booth in tears, believing herself out of the competition.

In fact, the average level of compliance across a control population was to inflict five electrocutions, reaching the point at which the subject screamed out in agony. Statistically speaking, both girls had shown themselves to be exceptionally empathetic and independent-minded: but Kaia was one in a thousand.

And no good deed goes unpunished. Jack reached out and cupped her left buttock in his hand, causing her to gasp and start at the unexpected contact. He quieted her, while fondling the exquisite softness of her cheek - and then felt deeply between her thighs, running his fingertips over her pussy to get the exact measure of her intimate geography. After a while he withdrew his fingers and smelt her essence upon them, then sucked them and put them back, stroking firmly between her inner lips until they opened and she gave little moans of distress.

As the young Kiwi's pussy moistened, Jack pressed first one and then two fingers quite deep inside her, not roughly but not gently either. He finger fucked her for a couple of minutes and her whole body moved and swung as he did so, suspended from the chain above her; but then he paused with two fingers knuckle-deep in her now pleasingly wet cunt, while he checked that there wasn't too much strain on her arms. Satisfied, he slipped his fingers out of her, took the shaft of his whip and ran it firmly across the lips of her vulva.

Kaia moaned, keeping her eyes tight closed because that was what he had instructed her to do and she knew this was all about obedience and submission to the man who might become not only her boss and mentor but also her master. Jack smiled, well pleased with her response, and then pushed the handle far up into her, feeling the resistance and then the giving until it was inside her all the way to the hilt. 

She was groaning now, much as her friend was groaning over on the bed, where Philippe was fucking her hard from behind, holding her by the hips as he drove in as deep as the whip in Jack's hand. The two men exchanged glances and nodded their mutual satisfaction, then returned to their pleasures. Quite abruptly Jack withdrew the whip from Kaia's vagina and stepped back, cracking it once across the floor, the sharp sound of it making her whimper in anticipation.

As he pulled back his arm, ready to begin her punishment in earnest, Jack saw Narelle looking across at him and he made a mental note to give her extra marks for loyalty and empathy towards her friend. She didn't have to use words to express what she wanted to convey - and it filled him with admiration that she managed it even while being so ruthlessly used. He gave her a nod of acknowledgement but even as he did so, Philippe withdrew from her pussy, pulled the plug out of her butt and proceeded to drive his cock deep into her arse instead, all in one smooth continuous movement that caused her to scream and lose the ability to focus on anything else whatsoever.

A moment later the whip cracked again and this time it was Kaia who screamed. Jack's earlier reconnoitring had paid off, for he'd landed the whip's tail right across both cheeks just above her pudenda, without hitting her most sensitive parts. He went up and examined the results, tracing his fingertips over the slight welt it had raised on her smooth skin. He judged that he'd got it about right but perhaps slightly too hard - he didn't want to seriously hurt her, or leave any lasting imprint on such perfection.

Narelle was screaming a lot now and almost continuously, for Philippe was being deliberately brutal. His cock's reach was long and she had only once been butt-fucked before. Jack recalled that she had stated on her application that she didn't enjoy it, which of course was part of the point.

Aussie screams now mixed with Kiwi yelps, as Jack gave Kaia a second lashing and then a third. The girl was starting to cry now, the tears coming despite her best efforts to hold them back. He wondered if she realised that it was actually desirable for her to let them out, or if she thought this was a test of stoicism. But he didn't dwell on it and his fourth strike opened the floodgates.

Philippe had now flipped Narelle over onto her back, using the pulleys and ropes to raise her legs and abdomen so that he could get up onto the bed between her thighs and fuck her arse even more mercilessly. Reflecting that variety was indeed a good idea, Jack placed the next lash across the back of Kaia's thighs, an inch below her arse, bringing a different kind of howl from the now helplessly sobbing Kiwi. 

"Just one more now, my sweet," he soothed her. He could see her biting her lip and for reward he let fly with the hardest strike of all, laying it diagonally across the other four that he'd landed on her arse. She really did scream at that one - and then collapsed, not even trying to hold herself on her toes any more.

Jack tossed away the whip and stood there for a while in silence, awed by her even as she swung limply from her handcuffs. Part of him wanted to go and comfort her, to let her down and take her in his arms and make it better. But that wasn't the purpose of the exercise, so instead he went up and rubbed anaesthetic ointment gently into her skin, making her cry again but ignoring her sobs and her begging for him to stop, until the numbness took effect and she stopped protesting.

"You did really well, Kaia. I'm proud of you. Now you're half way there: and I promise you the rest is going to involve a lot less pain and a lot more pleasure."

"What... what do you want me to do?" she managed to bleat.

"Just stay where you are, for now. Are your arms hurting, or are you OK like this?"

"I could do with a rest: can you let me down, please, just for a bit?"

He smiled. "No, my sweet: but I can take the pressure off your arms so they won't hurt any more. Here, like this..."

So saying, he put his hands under her bum and lifted her, enjoying her moan of pain as he held her where she had so recently been whipped. He instructed her to wrap her legs around him to take more of the weight and she did as she was told, putting them into a position that must have made her guess what was coming next.

"Good, that's perfect. Now, let's get you fucked, shall we?"

He could see her gulp but also her nod of submission. She was resigned to whatever he was going to do to her, even though she couldn't possibly know the extremity of what was to come.

Jack didn't waste any time on preliminaries but simply freed his cock. He was already almost painfully erect and his member sprang up joyously, to find its way quite naturally into moist folds of female flesh. She gave a little moan as he settled her down onto the head of his cock and then, for the first time since he'd led her into the dungeon, he kissed her. To his surprise she responded immediately and willingly, their tongues entwining as he lowered her, until his cock forced the entrance to her passage. She sighed in longed-for release and Jack paused for a moment, to savour that wonderful feeling of entering her for the first time. Then he began to fuck her steadily, raising and lowering her with his hands under her arse, her moans a mixture of pain from the whipping and pleasure from the fucking.

She was so hot and wet that Jack felt a glorious mix of satisfaction and vindication and soon it got even better as Kaia began to squeeze his cock with her inner muscles. After just a couple of minutes she was using her handcuffed arms to raise and lower herself, fucking herself on his rampant cock but no longer kissing him because she had thrown her head back and was groaning continually to the rhythm of their coupling. 

She came unexpectedly, bucking and shouting, driving him over the edge so that he spurted a desperate stream of spunk deep inside her, even as she yelled out a stream of obscenities. Jack was amazed to hear the filth that poured from this sweet little girl's mouth.

"Oh God, yes, yes, yes, just like that, oh my God, you fucking bastard, I love it, I fucking love it, oh you fucker, fuck me, fuck me, yes, Yes, YES, Oh my God fuck Meeee!"

When it was over, he felt his cock come free of her and a trickle of hot cum follow it and run down the inside of her thigh. For a moment he leaned against her for support and when he let go she sagged limply, only held up by her handcuffed wrists. In the background he was vaguely aware of another climax and of Gallic cries mingling with Aussie ones as Philippe pumped his semen deep into Narelle's innards. When the two men finally moved apart from the girls they had so used and abused, their faces bore smiles of deep satisfaction.

"Kaia is truly amazing: you're going to be in heaven. And I guess Narelle has to be just as good?"

"She is a wonder of nature, mon ami. And I see that as usual, you are ready to explore those wonders for yourself?"

Jack grinned, acknowledging his still half-rampant erection. "Just give me a few minutes, partner." He took a swing from a bottle of water and raised an eyebrow to his friend. "Do you want to swap first, or go straight to sharing them?"

"I shall enjoy having Kaia to myself first, if only for a short while: and I can assure you, Jacques, that you will also want to delve solo into the delights Narelle has to offer."

"Right, though I don't know how many more times I can come tonight."

"By all means, I share your concern. But now, if you will excuse me, I have an appointment to explore the wonders of this young lady: and you, I think, are due to dive on the soft corals of an Australian reef?"

"Oh!" cried Kaia, now once more fully conscious of what was going on and directing her words to Philippe as the Frenchman approached her. "You're going to have me, too?"

"Of course, Cherie: but not I think in that position. Here, let me help you off with these handcuffs... yes... and now come over to the bed and let me arrange you so that you are comfortable. Yes, on your back like that... and with your legs wide apart. Mon Dieu but you have a pretty little pussy, I shall have to eat it for a while before we can begin, yes?"
