 All characters are 18 years or older.

* * * *

Claire noticed her first. She said, "Look, its Mrs. Knight," and waved. I followed Claire's eyes. Mrs. Knight was sitting with a man, presumably her husband. He saw Claire waving and said something to his wife. She looked at us and said something to him. He motioned us over.

That he had noticed Claire was not unusual. Everyone noticed Claire. She was strikingly beautiful. Her blonde hair reached her butt, which was nice, round, and a bit jiggly; she had a definite unaffected wiggle when she walked. She kept her slender body in shape, but she was not a gym rat. She loved the outdoors and her physique was the result of long hours hiking and spent in canoes, kayaks, and on surf boards. Her breasts were of moderate size, but perfectly shaped. Her sky blue eyes matched her light skin. As far as I could tell, she never wore make up. 

Claire was not only beautiful. She was, and remains, the most extraordinary woman I've ever known. She had a force and richness to her. The weight of her intelligence was palpable. Although I thought she the smartest kid in our high school, she didn't finish at the top of the class. Grades didn't matter to her. Claire was a free spirit; she studied what interested her. Whether she was our valedictorian mattered not at all to her.

What was she doing with me? I'm still not sure. I met her at the local outdoors store shortly after she moved to town during the summer prior to our senior year. Her Mom had been hired as the minister at the local Unitarian Church. We shared a lot of interests, but what seemed most important to her is that I knew I didn't own her and never tried to tell her what to do. I had enough brains to realize I had stumbled into a good thing and I should take it for what it was. I was not her only guy. She was going to spend Christmas holiday with an old boy friend in Australia. She planned to spend a couple of years there and exploring Asia after she graduated high school. I was more conventional; I was headed for college.

It was the early 1970's and we were lucky enough to go to high school in a college town. The university offered a endless assortment of things to do and that day we were, blanket in hand, looking for a place to watch the Guess Who perform.

When we got to where Laurie and Rob sat he gestured to an empty spot next to them and invited us to join them.

I had not met Rob Knight, but the rumor at school was confirmed; he was a good looking guy. In that he matched his wife. Laurie Knight was about five feet, six inches tall, with a killer body and a magnificent pair of breasts in the days when they were almost always real. The rumor at school – it turned out to be false – was that she had put herself through college by working as a Playboy bunny. She has lustrous shoulder length brown hair which matched her smoldering sexy brown eyes. Her face bore a smattering of freckles. Her clothes always approached, but did not cross the border to, hot. There was never anything hanging out, but still, when she lectured a class you couldn't help but notice how well built she was. She, however, never got too familiar with the class and never flirted with the boys. She always maintained her place as the teacher. 

While the stage was being set up the four of us chatted, but once the Guess Who started playing Rob focused more and more of his attention on Claire. That left me and Mrs. Knight paired up. Not that I minded. I, like all the school's straight guys, had fantasized about spending time with this hot teacher. At first she was a bit stiff – trying to draw the appropriate boundary with a student eager to be too familiar – but over time and under the influence of the festival atmosphere and a perfect fall day, she loosened up. The pot brownie that was passed over from the adjoining blanket and a desire to make a point with her husband, whose flirtation with Claire was becoming increasingly open, probably didn't hurt either. And, of course, there was my ready charm.

When the concert ended Rob invited us to their home, which was only a couple of blocks from campus, while the crowd dispersed and traffic died down. He did not check with his wife. I glanced at her; she looked slightly displeased, but far short of angry. She was gently stoned and feeling no pain. 

The Knights' home was, for a grad student and high school teacher, impressive. It turned out his family had money. A porch ran along the back of the house, half of which was open and other half glassed in. The backyard was verdantly gardened and featured a small pool. Claire, Mrs. Knight, and I sat on the open porch while Rob headed for the kitchen, returning a few minutes later with a big bowl of popcorn and a pitcher of water to satiate our universal munchies. 

When we finished the popcorn Rob pulled out a joint and lighter and said, "You guys cool with this? You indulge?"

Mrs. Knight and I froze. I had no idea what to do or say. Claire came to the rescue. She took the marijuana from Rob, lit it up, told everyone they had to keep it confidential – after all she was far too cool to smoke weed with a teacher – took a toke, and passed it back to Rob. He took a turn and gave it to me. I looked around, did the same, and handed it to Mrs. Knight. She hesitated, said, "Nobody can know about this," to which we all nodded our assent, and took a hit.

Soon we had the giggles. We chatted, munched, laughed, gloried in the weather, and when Rob pulled out another joint, no one objected. Mrs. Knight declared we were to call her Laurie. Rob took Claire's foot in his hand and started rubbing it. When Laurie saw him to that she plopped her foot in my lap and I did the same. Rob seemed to have no objection and I started to move up her leg, working on her calves. 

Claire had noted several times what a beautiful home the Knights had. After working both her feet without resistance Rob asked if she'd like a tour. He did ask if I wanted to join them, but I knew the look in Claire's eyes. She wanted to fuck. My hands had worked above Laurie's knees and she was not putting up a fight. Her husband, whose attention was riveted on Claire, was giving me free reign. 

"No, if it is okay with you, I'd just as well sit outside and enjoy the sunshine."

Claire and Rob left and I slid closer to Laurie, working my hands under her skirt. She looked down, her eyes bloodshot, her mood placid. She was passive, accepting.

"You know, you shouldn't do that," she said, barely suppressing a giggle.

"You're right," I answered. "On Monday, you'll need to write me up for detention."

She laughed. "Yes, I will. But you better remind me."

I kept working her leg and she mewled in satisfaction. That massage class Claire and I had taken and the hours I'd spent working on her were coming in handy. "Let's move over to the couch. That way I can do your back."

I stood and offered her my hand. She followed me to the couch, nestling between my legs and leaned back against me. In this position she certainly couldn't miss my erection, but she said nothing. I started to work her shoulders.

"Doesn't it bother you, the way my husband looks at your girlfriend? They've been upstairs awhile."

"Rob and I have several things in common. Among them is that we're with gorgeous woman; everybody's always looking at them, everybody wants them." 

My compliment seemed to comfort her. Soon she was draped against me; all tension had left her body. I started working my hands down the front of her shoulders. The pot had taken the edge off whatever anger Laurie Knight was feeling about her husband's flirting with my girlfriend. For the moment she wanted to be comforted, cherished, taken care of. She wanted to know that she was as attractive and desirable as the gorgeous blonde who had grabbed her husband's attention. The slurred sensual tone of her voice also made it clear that this was one very turned-on girl. Claire and Rob had been gone ten minutes, they wouldn't be back soon. The path was open to me.

"Undo some buttons on your shirt. It will give me easier access."

She fumbled with her shirt. I took her hands in mine and we undid the buttons together. My forearms rested on her breasts. She leaned her head back on my shoulder. I worked my hands under the straps of her bra on her shoulders. 

"So you think I'm gorgeous? Do you want me?" she asked

""Yes, you are. Every guy in school wants you, including me."

"Am I a pretty as Claire?" 

"Drop dead gorgeous," I said, avoiding the question. 

"I didn't know you thought that. You hide it well."

I was working down her spine towards the middle of her back. 

"What did you expect, for me to deliver an apple with a love note? Lean forward, your bra strap is in the way." 

She did and while I continued talking, I slid my hands up under her shirt, deftly unsnapping her bra. "Or would you prefer something a bit more aggressive? Maybe on one of those days when you wear that tight orange dress, the one that shows off your hot body, your legs, your butt, your beautiful breasts, I could come to your classroom at lunch, lock the door, pin you to wall, and say only 'prick teaser' before kissing you, hard."

Her breathing had flattened out; the idea of being taken was turning her on. 

"But probably not. A liberated lady like you would reject such a cave man approach."

"Don't be too sure she said, even a liberated lady appreciates a man who can't keep his hands off her."

It was now or never. I slid my hands over Laurie's full breasts, kneading them. She turned to me. I kissed her, plunging my tongue in her mouth. As she twisted her body further, pushing her face against mine, I pulled my hands from inside her shirt. I ran one up her leg, placing its heel against her cunt and moving it in a small circle. The other undid another two buttons of her shirt and reached inside to a breast, thumbing the erect nipple. 

This was no time to be shy. At the moment Laurie was passive and easily led. She wanted a man to pay attention to her. I took her hand and placed it on my erection. She ran her hands along its outline in my shorts. "It's nice," she breathed. Her fingertips played with it, but she went no further. "Take it out," I ordered. She undid the zipper of my shorts and pushed her hand inside. I couldn't remember my cock ever being hotter or harder. A few quick tugs freed it from my underwear. She then tried to undo my belt, but was having trouble. I could sense her growing frustration. I had my sexy teacher at a vulnerable moment – it might never be repeated. It was important to keep the momentum going.

I dropped from the couch to the ground, spread Laurie's knees, and pushed her skirt up. When I pulled her panties down I was happy to see how wet they were. My surmise was confirmed, this woman needed it. I roughly pushed aside Laurie's knees. She was now exposed to me in as vulnerable a position as imaginable, her naked cunt open to me and the sky. Her pussy hair was trimmed short and moist with dew. The lips of her pussy were already swollen with need; the pink inner lips turned outward and exposed. 

I ran the tip of a finger between the pussy lips. My visual inspection was confirmed, she was already soaking wet. I stroked her pussy's inner lips with my finger. The muscles of her cunt flexed and quivered and she started squirming, moving against my finger, scrunching her bottom on the couch. I wanted her panting with need before I started. I pushed two fingers into her and wiggled them a few times. She squealed. I stuck them in my mouth, sucking the juice from my fingers. 

She was staring at me, lips parted, breathing heavily. "Play with your tits," I commanded, "I like to watch a woman play with her tits."

Laurie's breasts were hanging loose in her bra, her shirt open except for the bottom two buttons. She reached inside, pulled her breasts free, and started squeezing. I could see the inner half of breasts, which were dotted with freckles, and the nipples. As she worked them they started to glow a rosy red.

"Lick them," I ordered.

She pulled a breast to her mouth, dragging her tongue across one and then the other nipple. 

I sank three fingers into her, wiggling them around inside. She exhaled sharply. I held them up in front of her face. With her tongue fully extended she leisurely licked one side clean and, when I turned my hand around, the other. She then sucked the fingers into her mouth. She was putting on a little show for me. This was one very turned-on woman. I was going to take full advantage. 

I spread her legs and, starting at her knees, began kissing, licking, occasionally nibbling, occasionally biting, her thighs. When I reached the outskirts of her cunt I lingered and then skipped over it and started on the other knee. By the time I had repeated this circuit another two times Laurie was moaning. She took hold of my head and tried to force it between her legs. Still I resisted, waiting until I thought she might burst open and, even then, hovered over her cunt for a beat of five before the first languid long lick. As soon as my tongue hit her pussy lips she jerked her hips forward, pushing them against my face, while unleashing a low long desperate moan.

I placed my hands on the inside of her thighs, spreading her wide open like a buffet. I gave her another super slow lick, starting just above the anus and taking it all the way to the fur. I let out my own groan, letting her know how I much I delight I took in eating her pussy. I kept going: maybe a dozen times. Her clit was standing up straight and protruding from its hood. Each time I ran over it her entire body convulsed. This chick was some incredible combination of turned-on and sensitive. 

I didn't want her to cum yet, but I did want to show her who was the boss. I sucked her clit hard into my mouth and battered it with my tongue. I slapped it back and forth, ran over it hard with the flat of tongue, and trapped and jammed it against her body. Laurie placed her hands on the side of my head, holding me tight against her. The muscles of her legs flexed and relaxed.

I knew I'd come back to her clittie, but decided on a little more exploring. I inserted my index finger into her pussy and moved my mouth down, sucking on the wet lips of her labia. I slid the finger down the trail of juice that flowed across her perineum and coated the cleft of her ass. Keeping my eyes on her face, I fingered the outside of her anus. She jumped and for a moment I thought I'd gone too far, but she relaxed, settling her body against the finger. That was my go ahead; I continued to caress her asshole.

While I did so I licked and sucked on the lips of her vagina before slipping my tongue inside, exploring the inner lips of her cunt. She seemed to push against the finger playing at the opening of her anus. I took this as an invitation and pushed the finger tip into her butt. There was no resistance, the copious flow from her cunt now provided plenty of lubrication, and when she gasped in delight I took it as an invitation to push my entire finger inside. There I moved it about, teasing the nerves embedded in the walls of her asshole.

I started tongue fucking her. Laurie writhed on the couch. I thought about pacing myself, holding her on the precipice of an orgasm; the hours my mouth had spent between Claire's legs had left me adept at balancing women on the edge of an orgasm, but I also knew I would have only one opportunity to eat my sexy teacher for the first time. I wanted her to remember it, to want it again. I did not want her husband walking back into the room and ruining it. I'd better make sure to bring her off. 

I returned to her clit, sucking on it, vacuuming it into my mouth. I caught it between my lips and worked it over, tonguing it in a variety of ways: with the flat of my tongue, with the tip of my tongue, left-to-right, up-and-down, in ovals and circles, memorizing how she responded to each motion. I mixed things up by releasing the pressure and drawing shapes around the sweet nubbin. When I returned to the clit she ran her hands through my hair and grabbed me. She was ready.

I sucked her clittie back into my mouth, pulling it free of its hood and forcing it to stand alone, and then gave it a relentless head smacking, moving my tongue up-and-down. There was nothing subtle about my approach. I was methodical, varying the attack not an iota. I vibrated the finger in her anus at the same rate my tongue battered her clit. Her groans became harder and sharper; there was no question about what has happening. Anyone in the house could hear us. I knew Claire didn't have a double standard, she didn't mind if I fucked other woman, and it was now clear that Rob had no problem with sharing his wife with me while he nailed my girlfriend.

Laurie was on the edge. I removed the finger from her anus and inserted it in her pussy, locating her g-spot. Her thighs started shaking and the muscles of her cunt clamped down. She arched her back and shoved her pussy into my face. As her shoulders pushed back into the couch, her hands, locked on the back of my head, drove me into her cunt. She was coming, squirting juice into my face. She shook, her body vibrated, and I slowed down not a bit, continuing to attack her cunt with a machine-like persistence as she was wracked by a series of powerful orgasms. She finally pushed my head away, gasping, "Enough." 

I didn't give her long to recover. My dick was a piece of throbbing iron. I, and every other guy in the high school, had wanted to fuck this woman from the moment we first saw her standing in front of a class. Now she was laying before me, her body battered by the force of a string of powerful orgasms. Her legs were spread wide, her wet pussy inches from my face, her tits hanging loose in her open shirt. This moment might never repeat. If I was going to have her, this was the time. 

I reached for her hand and guided her docile body, ripples of her orgasms still wafting through her, to the heavy carpet on the floor, angling her so that she lay on her back parallel to the sofa. I lifted her right leg so it ran up and against my shoulders and straddled her left leg, my erection inches from her pussy.

She looked at me and smiled. "Aren't you going to ask?"

I fitted the head of my penis to the splayed opening of her cunt. As I pushed into her I said, "Mrs. Knight, I've been meaning to ask, can I fuck you?"

Her head rolled back, her eyes closed, and she groaned.

"I'll take that as a yes."

I took hold of her hips, which allowed me to control her movements, and started to slide my hard cock in and out of her. She offered no resistance and after the first couple of thrusts she purred a soft, "On god, yes." Laurie's cunt was delicious. It was supple, it was wet, it clung to my cock like satin.

In this position I had to do most of the work, but I didn't mind. When I wasn't watching her boobs waggle in time with my thrusts, I watched her face; joy and complete acceptance were evident in her features.

We soon got into a steady pace. While I thrust in and out, Laurie primarily moved in a slight up-and-down motion, which rotated my cock around within her. Her cunt grabbed hold of my dick each time it pulled out. After several minutes I covered her clit with the palm of my hand and started pushing against it in time with our movements. In the position her entire body was laid out before me and it was easy to read from the way her tits flushed, from her gasps and grunts, the look in her eyes, the way she breathed and perspired the exact my thrusts had on her.

And I would be less than forthright not to acknowledge that the sight of my sexy teacher splayed out before me, absorbing my dick into her body, having capitulated to her lust for me, was an absolute turn-on. The best looking student and best looking teacher at my high school were now both my lovers and if that meant sharing Claire with Laurie's husband, well I could live with that.
