 We first meet on Literotica in 2004 after she read a story I had posted. That discussion turned into us meeting for the first time a couple of months later. We are both married and knew better then what we were doing, but the chemistry even in chats was just too much. Over the past three years we have met each other maybe 10 times, but we have emailed almost each week. We have become friends through this relationship, but when we met it was strictly about fulfilling our desires. During this time we had discussed many fantasies and we both had many masturbations sessions thinking about having a sexy woman join us.

My FRIEND, Ro, was 38 years old. Brunette, hazel eyes, olive skin, 5'5", 135lbs, curvy in all the right places (36, 28, 38 36DD), shaven and a magic tongue. She has a very engaging smile and is very easy to laugh. I'm 38, 6', shaved head, blue eyes, goatee, 180lbs (can't hide the love handles anymore), a couple tattoos hidden under my suit and very easy going.

On to the story, Ro and I have trying to find a woman to join us for awhile. Luckily we both have the same tastes in women, but this process had been going on just too long. How hard can it be? . Just last week, we were at lunch just after having some naughty fun. We were sitting in this quiet restaurant in downtown Toronto. I was giving her a hard time for not getting all my cum off the beautiful cleavage that she was showing off. That is when our waitress came to our table. We both stopped talking immediately. She was stunning. She was about 26, 5'8", blonde hair straight hair, deep blue eyes, long toned legs, at least a C cup, very thin everywhere else and her smile was enticing to say the least. While I continued to try to compose myself, Ro immediately started to connect with this stunning beauty. When she left to get our drinks, Ro turned to me and said that we were staying until this beauty would come back with us to our room. She did not have to tell me twice, so I sat and enjoyed the next hour of watching Ro slowly seduce this young lady. I quickly realized how bad we men are at picking up women after seeing how easily Ro was able to connect with Diane. By the time our lunch was finished, Diane was sitting next to Ro at our table and Ro she was whispering and giggling with her. 

As Diane left to get me some change I asked Ro, "So what in the world are you two whispering about?"

"Well, Diane thinks we are both very sexy and she wants to see a lot more of the both of us. We are her last table and she wants to have a drink across the street in our hotel. She told me she was with another woman once in university and has wanted to feel a woman again. She also wants to feel four hands devouring her skin," Ro said with a naughty grin across her face. "She also told me that she could smell the sex we just had with each other and it was making her weak at the knees."

Ro and I went across the street and ordered a drink at the bar. Before the drinks had made it to the table Diane had joined us. Her excitement was very visible. We could see her erect nipples stretching against her white blouse. She was also having a tough time sitting still. She kept crossing and uncrossing her long beautiful legs in her black skirt. She noticed that I was watching her and with a naughty grin on her face opened her legs to show me her soaking wet black thong. That was really all I could take. I over paid the bartender for our drinks and pulled the two of them to the elevator. Before the doors had even closed, Ro and Diane were kissing each other. I was stunned by the beauty and eroticism of their kiss. Their bodies tight against each other and soft moans escaping their lips. I never thought the 15th floor would arrive.

I lead them to our room and opened the door. Their lips hardly left each other the entire way. I poured them into the room and shut the door. The kissing was becoming more and more like dry humping as their bodies pressed against each other. I walked up behind Ro and slowly started removing her clothes. First was her long skirt, letting it fall from her sensual hips. Running my hands up and down her smooth legs and feeling her begin to shake with anticipation. I looked up to find Diane had unbuttoned Ro's blouse and was in the process of sliding it off her shoulders. Ro stood in just her sheer black thong and demi bra. Her long, hard nipples above the sheer material. Diane stepped back to take Ro in, just like I was doing. Something about that olive skin was just so enticing that it seemed like she had come from a romance novel. Diane starred Ro in the eye, "Will you take of my clothes."

Ro stepped forward and let her magical hands go to work. With each piece of clothing hitting the floor, my cock began to throb harder and harder. I sat in the chair in the corner of the room. When Ro had gotten Diane down to her black bra and thong, she said, "The rest I want to remove with my mouth."

A smile came to Diane's face as Ro moved her lips to her bra. Removing one strap at a time and then moving behind to unclasp her. Ro turned her to face me and took her time releasing her beautiful round breasts from her bra. When the clasp was finally released, the bra did not drop immediately. It was caught on her very swollen nipples. Diane starred into my face and slowly exposed herself to me. If I had not had sex twice with Ro before lunch, I would of cam in my pants right then.

Ro then kneeled in front of Diane and used her teeth to slowly remove her soaked thong. Diane was so wet that the crotch of her thong was sticking to your swollen lips. It was sexy to see her juices dripping from her lips to her thong. Ro pushed her face between her beautiful thighs and took a deep, long breath. I could her Ro moan in the most seductive way. She pushed the young waitress onto the bed. Ro moved to her while removing her remaining clothes. The beauty of the two of them was just not describable with any words that I know.

The kissing and touching between them was like watching a dance. Their mouths and bodies looked like they were meant to fit together. Ro was on top and now taking charge. I watched Ro feed Diane her erect nipples into the beauties mouth. I could her Ro give the girl instructions. "Suck me deep into your mouth. Oh, nibble on them. Harder you naughty girl. Now bite them. Oh yes, a little harder."

Ro's eyes were rolling back in her head as the young beauty did as she was told. What the young girl was not aware of that Ro often cam from devouring of her large breasts. I could tell she was getting close and I knew what would happen next. 

"That's it slut. Bite them harder. Oh please, do it harder." As her body started to shudder. "I'm going to CUM!"

Ro's eyes rolled back in her head and her body arched. She began to shake and I knew our little girl was in for a surprise. As the orgasm hit Ro, she began dripping from her pussy. Not squirting, but it was enough to soak Diane's stomach and swollen pussy. Ro continued to shake as the young girl watched Ro's juices pour onto her skin. "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm," escaped from Diane's mouth as she watched Ro's enjoyment. 

As Ro finally composed herself, she gave me a quick wink and moved between the blonds legs. I removed my clothes and joined Ro to clean up and taste our new friend. We held her legs as wide open as we could. Her pussy stretched open before us and we both began to let our tongues devour her. Ro and I took turn sliding our tongues into her tight hole and swirling her very swollen clit. Diane was moaning loudly and begging for more. I was sure we were just about to get Diane there, when Ro stopped me and rolled the beauty on to her hands and knees. Ro pushed me under her and forced Diane down onto my face. I was not going to complain, because there is no place I more enjoy being then devouring a woman from underneath.

As I continued my assault on her clit, Ro kneeled behind her and spread her ass wide open. I could feel Diane twist awkwardly to see what was going on, but I knew. Ro loved to tongue ass and there was no way that this hottie was not going to be enjoyed by Ro. 

"No, don't do," Diane tried to get out of her mouth, but Ro pushed her tongue into her tight asshole. She did not say a word after that. I could feel Diane push back against Ro's face. She loved it. Ro and I continued to tease Diane for ten minutes. Every time we knew she was getting close, we would change our tempo. Diane was getting very frustrated, but she was not complaining.

Ro was not going to wait any longer; she pushed three fingers into Diane's dripping pussy and started to fuck her. I increased the pressure on her clit and she immediately started to buck. Her moans kept increasing in there loudness and length. Her juices started to flood my mouth and she pushed hard down onto my face and back onto Ro's hand. That is when her orgasm finally hit. It seemed like for five minutes that Diane did not move, except for the shaking of her body. She was completely rigid and then like a wave breaking on the beach she crashed. She rolled over on the bed and continued to shake and moan. 

I pulled Ro over on top of me and kissed her deeply. I pulled her close to me and whispered in her ear, "I want us to try that position that we have been talking about for two years." Ro pulled back and smiled at me in the most wicked smile. 

As I lay on my back, Ro positioned herself above my cock. Taking my cock into her hands and rubbing it between her swollen pussy lips. She then took me into her cunt and rode me very slowly. We looked over to see Diane starting to come back to the real world. 

Ro pulled my cock out of her and moved it to her puckered asshole. She smiled at me and in one motion took all eight inches of me into her ass. She is so tight. Ro then pulled our naughty friend closer and whispered in her ear. The girl had a confused look on her face at first, but then seemed to get what Ro was saying. 

Diane moved her hips up to my face and swung her leg over. Her pussy was once again in my face, but this time she was facing the other way. Diane reached forward and started squeezing Ro's nipples. Ro moaned and started to fuck me a little faster. I wished I could of watched what happened next, but all I could see what Diane's sweet ass. Diane moved her body down on top of mine and pushed her face into Ro's dripping cunt. If the picture in my head was anything like the view was, I knew I was going to cum soon. There we were: my cock being ridden in Ro's tight ass, Diane's pussy lips pushed onto my face and her face devouring Ro's clit.

All three of us we pumping and grinding and pushing and moaning. I could feel Diane tense up again and quickly start flooding my mouth again with her sweet juice. She than began shaking again which must of put a lot of pressure on Ro's clit because her fucking of my cock became much more desperate and that was all I needed. I could feel my balls tighten and begin to pulse my thick cum into Ro's sweet ass. The feeling was so intense and then got better when I felt Ro's juices flow all over my stomach and I am sure onto Diane's face.

Diane and Ro rolled off me into a pile of sweat, cum and shaking. Their smooth bodies shaking against each other was plenty enough to get me on the road to getting me fully engorged again. I pulled Diane's face to me and slowly started...