 This story is partially true. We did go to the hot tub one night to find it already occupied and went back home instead of on to the tub. We have both wondered what would have happened if we would have gone on. This is one possibility.

*

I had been married to my bride for less than 6 months and was going to see her one weekend. We lived apart our first year because she had a great job and her daughter wanted to finish High School. I was living in Monterey California where I was stationed for the United States Navy.

I left Monterey after work on Friday, about 4 PM. That meant that I wouldn't get to San Diego until around midnight. I headed south on highway 1, cut east at Ventura to the 15 and then south again to San Diego.

It was just after midnight when I got to our condo and I was quite tired as could be expected. I went inside where my bride was waiting and our welcoming hugs and kisses were hot and filled with passion.

Holding her close I whispered in here ear, "Wanna go skinny dipping down at the hot tub?"

She leaned back, and with a sparkle in her pretty green eyes said, "I think it's late enough we would be alone, so yes, let's go!"

We quickly removed our clothes and it was so difficult not to jump her right there, but I needed to spend some time in the hot water to relieve the kinks that had developed from my long drive. My bride is 5'4", short blonde hair, and at the time was 36b-24-36, shaved and so hot! Seeing her naked body had me responding in record time and my 6 inch cock was at full mast. We wrapped big beach towels around us and took the short walk down to the pool and hot tub.

When we got to the pool, we used our key to get inside the locked gate and as we closed the gate I looked towards the hot tub and saw a shape move rapidly then heard a splash. I could see another shape lying on the tub deck moving quickly and slipping into the tub. We hesitated a moment, and talked about returning home or going over to the tub.

I said, "Well, my guess is that there is already a couple there and they were either in the middle of having sex or just about to."

She agreed with me and I told her that I really needed to spend a little time soaking away the kinks. If they were already having sex, they would just have to wait a bit.

We walked over to the hot tub which was enclosed on three sides by a circular wall and sure enough there was a young couple in the tub. I could see their swim suits on the deck so I knew that they were naked as well.

Walking up I said, "Hello, sorry to interrupt your fun, but I really need some hot tub time after driving for 8 hours to get here. My wife and I came down here to soak a bit and perhaps have some fun as well."

They looked sheepishly at us and the guy said, "Sure, the water is great!"

About that time the jets stopped and I went over to the control and pushed the button for another 20 minutes. As I returned to the tub I said, " I see your swim suits there on the deck, so we know that you are nude and that is just fine with us as we are nude as well. Like I said, we were expecting to be alone."

I tossed my towel onto a nearby chaise lounge and removed the towel from my bride and we stepped into the water together and sat across from our wide eyed new friends.

Settling into the water felt so good and it immediately began to seep into my aching muscles relieving the tension. As we sat there, no one was saying anything or moving at all. My wife said, "Well we might as well introduce ourselves, I'm Judy and this is my husband Greg."

The guy said, "I'm Sam and this is my wife, Jerilyn." We just moved in last week.

We exchanged small talk for a little while and as we talked my wife's hand was sliding along my leg, reaching for my cock and she began to stroke it slowly. Needless to say, I was rock hard in moments. I felt her breasts beneath the water and found her nipples to be very hard, which told me she was excited to be in this situation.

We had never been nude with anyone else before and I wasn't sure how either one of us would feel about it, but it seemed that we were ok with it.

As she continued to stroke me I was aching to taste her sweet juices and to feel her soft lips around me again. I was also so damned horny I needed a good hard fuck to take some of the edge off. I slid my hand down and found her pussy to be slippery even under the water.

I looked at Sam and Jerilyn and could tell that they were doing much the same under the water as we were. I kissed my wife softly and whispered in her ear, "Do you want to make love here, with them here as well?" She bit her bottom lip and said, "Hmmmm, yes, I think I do. I want you as soon as I can."

I said to Sam, "Look, I'm sorry we broke up your fun but we came here for the same thing, so, please go ahead and continue with whatever you want and we will do the same."

They looked at each other and both of them broke out in huge grins and Jerilyn said, "We have never done anything like this with anyone else around, but have fantasized about it, but never had the courage to do it. You caught us and here we are, so, we're ok with it."

We all laughed a little nervous laughter since none of us had been down this path before.

I kissed my bride again and pulled her onto my lap to feel her gorgeous tits against my chest as we kissed. Our kisses were deep with lots of tongue and moaning. I noticed that Sam and Jerilyn were doing much the same and the moans of both couples could be heard above the sound of the bubbling water.

Judy told me that she wanted to suck me and I told her that I would get up on the edge of the tub with my legs still in the water. As I got out of the water, Sam and Jerilyn stopped making out to see what was happening. I sat on the edge and my wife moved between my legs and began to lick at my rigid shaft eagerly. My cock was standing straight up and our tub mates watched, fascinated by what they were seeing.

Judy flicked her tongue around the head and circled the ridge a few times then lowered her soft lips down and I moaned as she swallowed my cock into her throat. I reached down to roll her hard nipples causing her to moan around my cock.

Sam got onto the edge of the tub not far away from me and Jerilyn got between his legs and began to take care of his stiff cock as well. He was a bit larger than I was, maybe 7 to 8 inches and thicker as well. Jerilyn was licking at the head of his cock and I watched her as my wife gave me one of her incredible blow jobs. I could feel my cock get harder as I watched the couple nearby. Once in awhile, Jerilyn would lift up and her breasts came out of the water and I could tell that she had some very nice tits, full and round with nipples that seemed to be an inch long.

The ladies went after our cocks with abandon and you could hear the sounds of sucking and moaning. I could feel the cum beginning to boil in my balls and knew that it would not be long before I exploded. I caressed my wife's breasts and she could tell that I was getting close by my ragged breathing. She sucked harder and took me deeper and I groaned and exploded, sending my hot cum into her throat and mouth. I shuddered through several explosions and she swallowed eagerly and greedily, catching almost all of my cum.

She tightened her lips and slowly pulled up my cock, bringing any remaining cum to the tip and sucked it into her mouth. My cockhead was so sensitive that when she sucked on it, I jumped and told her to please go easy for a bit. She looked up at me, smiled and said, "MMMMMM, you are so good! I've needed that for a very long time!"

She stood up and we kissed deeply, my hands caressing her firm tits, and I could taste my cum on her lips.

I slipped back into the tub and she sat on my lap with her back to me and we watched as Jerilyn sucked on Sam.

She was bobbing up and down on his cock and Sam was moaning and his hips began to move. He held her head as she sucked on him and very soon announced to her that he was going to cum. She too, sucked deeper and harder and when Sam exploded she gagged momentarily but went right back after that shooting pole.

Holding my wife close, my arms around her, caressing her tits, I whispered, "This is hot, isn't it?"

Not taking her eyes off of Sam's hard cock slipping in and out of Jerilyn's mouth, she said, It sure is! This is better than any porn movie!"

When Jerilyn had sucked Sam dry, they looked around and saw us watching them. We applauded and told them how hot that was to watch. They looked nervous at first then smiled and thanked us.

I said to Sam, "I think it is the ladies turn to be pleasured, what do you think?"

He readily agreed. We each kissed our wives and helped them to sit on the tub edge with their legs in the water. The ladies ended up sitting side by side and as I slid between Judy's silky thighs I could look up and see both her and Jerilyn.

I kissed up Judy's thighs slowly working my way to her pussy then sliding my tongue along the folds, lapping at her sweet nectar. Using the tip of my tongue I found her clit and began to flick and roll it and she gasped and cried out, " OH FUCK, YES, RIGHT THERE!"

I kept up my assault on her little button and she was squirming and moaning, pulling my head tighter to her pussy.

I could hear Jerilyn moaning and urging Sam on. As I kept up my assault on Judy's clit I slid two fingers into her hot tunnel which brought another gasp and moan. I pumped her tight pussy and sucked her clit harder, flicking my tongue across it as fast as I could move it.

I felt her move a little, leaning towards Jerilyn and looked up to see the girls feeling each others tits and tweaking the nipples. They were each moaning and urging us on as we both kept lapping at the flowing pussies. Seeing my wife touch another lady like that, and be touched in return caused my cock to swell and grow to full extension.

Sucking harder on her clit and curving my fingers up to find her g spot at the same time almost caused her to jump back into the tub. I held her there and increased the speed of my fingers.

I felt her body shudder and her thighs tightened around my head. She pulled at my head, threw her head back and moaned saying, "Fuckkkk I'm coming!!"

I immediately covered her pussy with my mouth and pushed my tongue inside and guided her exploding juices to my throat. I swallowed as fast as I could, drinking deeply.

She pulled at me, telling me to get up and fuck her. Doing as I was told, I quickly got up, moved between her still shuddering thighs and plunged my cock into her quivering pussy, balls deep in one thrust. We both moaned, our bodies shuddering together and I felt her tight pussy gripping and sucking at my cock, sending the electricity shooting through my body like no other had ever done.

As Judy was cumming, Jerilyn announced her orgasm and Sam also lapped and drank his wife's cum then stood up and drove his hard thick cock deep into her pussy as well.

There we stood, both of us with our cocks in our wives, they were leaning back on their hands, heads back, their tits pushed outward. We looked at each other and grinned.

We began to pump almost in unison, in and out, in and out over and over. Judy wrapped her strong legs around my waist and pulled me tight, meeting my thrusts. 

The moon cast a silvery glow over these beautiful ladies and it was such a beautiful sight to see their tits bouncing as we fucked them hard and fast.

Holding Judy tight I tried to pound her flooded pussy as hard and fast as I could. I was grunting and groaning with each thrust into the satin depths of her tunnel. I couldn't slow down or stop if I had wanted to. I wanted to feel her cum around my cock, wanted to feel her body explode around me with me deep inside her.

I moved my hand down to rub her clit as I kept pumping her pussy and that added stimulation sent her higher than she had been in a very long time. She screamed and wrapped her arms around me, kissing me so passionately, her tongue probing my mouth as her orgasm washed over her. 

Feeling her body shuddering and her pussy working my cock so hard and in so many different ways brought me to my own release shortly after her. I plunged deep and held as the first load sprayed deep into her pussy coating her cervix. Grunting and pumping again and again, I filled her with my cum.

Jerilyn was in the throes of her own orgasm, bucking on Sam's big cock and he was also grunting as he filled his wife's pussy with is own cum.

Gasping for air, both couples held each other tight, the husband's cocks held firmly inside their wives' pussies. There was kissing and caressing as they soaked up the afterglow of some absolutely incredible sex.

The ladies leaned over and whispered together for a bit, giggled and sat back up.

"What?" I asked, seeing the smiles on their faces.

Judy said, "We want to clean you guys up."

Sam and I looked at each other and readily agreed.

Jerilyn said, "We want to switch to do the cleaning."

In shock I looked at Judy. She was looking at me with an uncertainty on her face. I asked her, "Are you sure?'

She smiled and nodded, "yes."

"Jerilyn, Sam, are you both ok with this?', I asked.

"Hell yes!" said Sam. Jerilyn giggled again.

We each pulled out of our wives and they switched places and had us sit on the edge of the tub. I was still in shock as I watched my wife kneel between another man's legs for the first time in our lives together. I was brought back to my senses when I felt Jerilyn's warm tongue lapping at my shaft. Damn, that felt good!

Judy licked up and down Sam's cock and struggled to get it into her mouth as he was larger than me, but she finally succeeded. Sam was moaning and muttering as she sucked and licked his rapidly rising shaft.

Jerilyn was doing a magnificent job on my cock and I could feel the blood rushing back into it. I reached down to feel her tits and cupped them in my hands, kneading them, feeling her long hard nipples in my palms.

The girls pulled off of our cocks and both agreed that they liked the taste of the mixed cum.

They hugged each other and that sight caused our cocks to twitch and jump, growing even more.

Judy said to Jerilyn, "I think we need to take these guys home and take care of these obvious problems they have."

Jerilyn agreed and reached out to take Sam's hand. Judy took mine, kissed me and said, "I want you again!"

We thanked Jerilyn and Sam for not getting upset when we barged in on them and they assured us that we could "barge in" any time. Judy hugged Sam, and Jerilyn hugged me and they each kissed us softly in a way that left us wondering.

Jerilyn squeezed my cock saying softly, "Go home and take care of Judy with this." 

I smiled and told her that I would.

We climbed out of the tub, grabbed our towels, wrapped ourselves in them and headed for the gate.

My cock was rock hard again and Judy would reach inside the towel and squeeze and stroke it as we walked quickly home to continue what was started at the hot tub.