 Bobby Hague - aged 18 storyteller
Dora Hague - aged 38, Bobby's mum
Mike Newton - aged 18 Bobby's best friend
Gladys Newton - aged 40 Mike's mum
Arthur and Liz Sellars, Tom and Annie Gleason neighbours.

* * * * *

If I had waited a little longer I would probably have heard mother suggesting that a few neighbours could be asked to avoid it being obvious that the two women wished to have their sons to themselves. It is noteworthy that there was no suggestion that girls should be invited.

Mother told me on the Saturday morning that we were going to a party at the Newton's, it being Mrs Newton's birthday and that we should go to town to buy a present. I had no problem acting surprised as when she said that there would be eight at the party I was surprised!

We arrived at the Newton's around 8.00pm and the first thing Mike asked was if I had brought the 'Autobiography of a Flea' with me. In fact I had forgotten that part of the subterfuge.

The other people were friends of Gladys Newton and to my relief they were not too old. In fact both couples were in their thirties and as things turned out, extremely randy.

Mike and I were allowed to have a beer like the men but the women were drinking spirits. The gramophone (phonograph) was playing dance music and it wasn't long before Mike and I were dancing with the other ladies as well as our mothers. Mike had no idea of the conversation that had  taken place between our mothers and I was beginning to wonder just how Mike and I would be seduced.

Drinks were downed and the party got merrier. I saw Arthur and Tom having a quiet word and then they had a word with Mike's mum, Gladys. She nodded and turned off the music before getting our attention.

She told us that Arthur had a game that was quite fun, apparently it was a bit rude but not too much teenagers the age of Mike and me. I heard Liz Sellars ask Arthur which pack and when he said "1" she appeared satisfied. Everybody wanted to know what "2" was like and he just grinned and said that no-one should worry until game "4".

Apparently we had to have partners, Arthur partnered Gladys, Tom partnered my mum, Mike partnered Annie and I partnered Liz.

The game was a kind of "Truth or Dare" crossed with Strip poker. A question was asked and you either had to tell the truth or take a dare. The dare was taken by reading a card from Pack 1.

My mum was the first to lose and she was asked if she had ever kissed a man other than her husband. She admitted that she had. Perhaps there was some cheating going on because Liz lost next and was asked if she would let another man get familiar with her. She took a dare and the card said that she had to take off her shoes.

Well, the drinks were flowing and everyone including Gladys and my mum were complaining that the questions were too tame. Liz told Arthur to use pack 2 but in fact he used pack 4.

Mikes mum was the first to lose, the question astounded me, she was asked if she had every played with anyone else's cock besides her husband. To loads of laughter she said she would take a dare. The card she picked told her that she had to remove her knickers but it must be done by her partner. Amongst gales of laughter she agreed but held down her skirt whilst Arthur put his hands up and pulled her knickers down and off.

Then my mum lost and was asked if she had ever sucked a mans cock. She looked at me, went red in the face and then said "Yes".

I lost next and my question was, 'Did I wank?', I felt myself go red in the face, I didn't look at mum and to shouts of "Randy young sod" I said that I did.

As the game went on the questions got lewder and ruder. Obviously the men were holding back but the women were really drinking and getting wilder. Liz my partner lost, said "Fuck the truth or dare, what's the forfeit?" It was to remove her skirt, pull her knickers to one side and let her partner finger her pussy. I was sure she would not go ahead, but to cheers, including my mother, she removed her skirt, actually removed her knickers, spread her legs and told me to give her a good feel. To loud and raucous shouts she took my hand and put it between her legs. I thought then that my mother would call a halt and make me go home. I looked across at her and believe my eyes, she was not looking at me, she was leaning back in her chair, her skirt up and Tom had his head between her legs.

Liz pulled me to my feet and led me upstairs, Looking back Tom was still tonguing my mum, Mike was lying on his back, trousers around his ankles and Annie Gleason was sucking his prick. There was no sign of Arthur and Gladys until we got upstairs and then I saw them on a bed, already stripped off and Arthur was fucking Mikes mum. Liz squeezed my hand and said. "You are going to do to me, young man what my husband is doing to your friends mum. have you ever fucked a woman before?" I shook my head and she told me that I had something to really look forward to.