 Doug and Karen Jacobs have been married for 10 years. For both of them this is their second marriage. They had two children the youngest of which just went off to college. They have come to me, Dr Amy Quinzy marriage physiologist because they have discovered that now that their children are grown they are growing apart.

Karen is 42, 5'8 brown hair and eyes. Once the head cheerleader at her school, her figure has become more pear shaped and motherly but not unattractive. Doug is 45, 5'11, and has gained a few pounds around the middle but works out three times a week. His once dark black hair has lost some pepper and gained a lot of salt. In other words they are an average couple who are suffering from empty nest syndrome.

After several group and individual sessions with Doug and Karen, I have invited them to my mid town office for a special treatment that I have found works for people like the Jacobs.

"Ok we're here Dr Quinzy." Started Doug before I even had a chance to sit down. "Now what is so important that we had to meet you so late? I have to go to work early tomorrow you know."

"What's so important Doug," I began my tone flat and as neutral as I could keep it, "Is you marriage. I have been trying to get the two of you to share with each other what you shared with me privately but I have not been successful ."

"That's not our fault." piped up Karen.

"Yes Karen it is." I said polite but bluntly.

"How dare you," Responded Doug.

"Shut up Doug." I said my tone still flat.

"This is your problem Mr. and Mrs. Jacobs and it is up to you to solve it. The problem is that both of you are sexually repressed, and to make matters worse you are both too timid to tell the other; what it is you want from them. You don't trust the person that you are supposed to trust the most, besides yourself."

Doug stood. "I'm not going to sit here and listen to this."

"Sit down Doug," I ordered "Now."

Doug obeyed.

"You two are very much in love with each other. The problem is and has been for a very long time that you both have very reasonable and strong sexual urges. It is natural for you to want to satisfy those urges but you are too afraid of what your partner might think of you if you ask them to help satisfy your sexual needs. While you were busy with kids and jobs the problem remained less of a priority but now that your children are gone and your jobs are stable these problems have grown and now they are so large they are threatening your marriage."

The Jacobs sat in wrap attention. "I like you two very much." I continued, "Far more than I should have allowed myself. But the damage is done and there really is no going back, so a few things are going to change from here on out." I stood over the Jacobs like I was about to punish them for talking in class. I have to admit I was enjoying this and I was going to be enjoying it a whole lot more before the end of the night. "First we will start meeting only together and only at night. Second, we are going to start an aggressive and experimental treatment. Finally, since I will be talking a more involved role in you treatment and because it is unethical for me to charge you for an experimental treatment. I will not be charging you for our sessions from now on."

I was interrupted by a knock on the door to the outer office. I walked over to the door, exchange pleasantries with our visitor and then I ushered her in. She was a dainty young woman with strawberry blond red hair. I brought the girl over and stood in front of the Jacob's again. The Jacob's could not see much of the girl due to the fact she was wearing a trench coat that was 2 sizes too big. Her hair stretched in a single braid down her back and she had emerald green eyes. She said "hello" and the Jacob's were surprised but pleased to discover the girl had a thick Irish accent. She turned to me and asked "Can I take it off now?"

I tapped the girl on the shoulder lovingly, "Not yet my sweet."

"This is Maggie Patrick. She is 21, an art history and restoration major at the university. She is a former patient of mine. I treated her for a number of sex addictions."

I whispered into Maggie's ear, "Now sweetheart."

Maggie smiled, undid the belt of the coat and dropped it off her shoulder. She was wearing nothing underneath. Like her face the rest of her body was milky white. She was thin but not to the point of anorexia. She had a boyishly flat chest with small perky nipples. Maggie had a tight firm ass and thin but toned arms and legs. Constellations of freckles covered her thin body like an inverse picture of a night sky. Her pussy was well hidden under a well tended garden of furry red pubic hair. 

Doug looked at Maggie only long enough to have a visible erection, which before he looked away he covered by crossing his legs. Karen stared at the girl unabashed which Maggie seemed to enjoy. She rewarded Karen by a smiling at her.

"What the hell are you trying to pull here Dr Quinzy?" Demanded Doug

"Shout up Doug." I ordered again, this time with a lot more force in my voice. "You know damn well why Maggie is here. The two of you both have unrealized sexual fantasies and if you don't realize them it could destroy your marriage. You don't want that to happen. I don't want that to happen so let's cut the bullshit and lay our cards on the table." I took a deep breath. "In individual sessions one of you told me it was your fantasy to make love to a woman or to be more precise a young women like Maggie.

Doug exploded out of his seat, his voice thick with guilt, "I never said that."

"I did." Karen's voice was so soft I was not sure I heard her much less Doug.

I walked over and took both of Karen's hands in mine and raised her out of her seat. I gave Doug a look that said, "Shut up and don't speak." Tears were welling in Karen's eyes as she finally broke down and admitted her desire. I could see it plain as day, in how she would only tentatively walk towards Maggie. In how her hands began to shake as we approached Maggie's naked form and in the rock hard nipples I could see poking through her turtle neck.

I'm sorry Doug. I want to be faithful. I never would ever stray from you it just that seeing this well built young girl standing here in front of me. Forbidden fruit I can't have, but..." Karen didn't finish the sentence as she simply leaned in wrapped her arms around Maggie's neck and kissed the girl.

Doug was speechless.

The two women broke for air a few minutes later. Karen was still crying and began to sniffle as she spoke again, "I know this is wrong Doug, but God feels so right. Please forgive me."

I elbowed Doug in the ribs, "Isn't there something you would like to tell Karen?"

Doug finger combed his hair. "The truth is Karen I really don't mind you having sex with another woman." Doug couldn't hold eye contact with his wife. He started to stare at everyone but her.

"So you wouldn't mind if I fucked Maggie?"

"Not as long as I get to watch."

Karen walked over to her husband and kissed him as she had just got done with Maggie. "I love you," Karen said.

"I love you too." Doug said with a smile as he traced his wife's jaw line, "Now show me how much you love me by giving me and Dr. Quinzy a good show."

Karen smiled and practically ran back to Maggie's side. Karen wrapped her arms around Maggie and the young woman did likewise. I took Doug by the hand and lead him over to a slightly larger couch a few feet away from the kissing couple. We sat. I could see that Doug's erection was returning and decided this would be a good time to explore one of his fantasies as well. I unzipped his pants at the same moment Maggie unzipped Karen's skirt. Never taking my eyes off the two women sex show before me I slowly started to stroke the shaft of Doug's cock. 

Karen had managed to get her turtle neck off but was now having a great deal of trouble undoing her bra. She was far more interested in kissing Maggie's nipples. Doug looked at me with both surprise and alarm as I continued to stroke his shaft. "I told you I was going to take a more active role in your treatment."

"What...about... Karen?" Doug asked his breathes coming faster and faster.

"Oh Doug, that's so noble of you. You know, you're really a great guy when you're not being an asshole." I said as Maggie turned so that her butt was pressing against Karen's still panty clad crotch. 

I could see the fear in Doug's eyes and so I decided to let him in on a little secret, "Don't worry Doug. Watching you get fucked by another women is one of Karen's other fantasies that we will be exploring tonight. You do want Karen to be happy," I tightened my grip on his dick slightly, "right?"

"Yes Ma'am." He said breathing shallower.

"Oh, Doug I like the sound of that ma'am stuff. I think from now on you should call me ma'am. How does that sound to you."

"Good Idea, ma'am."

"Yes, I like that a lot." And God forgive me I did. "Stand up Doug and get your pants off. Your zipper is chaffing my wrist."

"Yes ma'am."

Meanwhile Maggie was rhythmically rubbing Karen's crotch with her ass. Maggie had taken Karen's left arm by the wrist and brought it down towards her own crotch. Once there Karen needed no further instructions or invitation, she began fingering the young woman's pussy. Karen's right hand went to Maggie's neck as Karen began to kiss Maggie's left ear. Maggie meanwhile, in a stretch that would have made a Yoga instructor proud reached back behind her own back and behind Karen's up to her bra and released the clasp that Karen was having so much trouble with.

Doug stood. The weight of the change and other items in his pockets had dropped his pants for him. "Boxers too," I ordered.

"Yes ma'am."

He didn't want to take his eyes off the two women but he had to, to get his shorts off. When he came back up and his eyes reconnected with a two women in front of him Karen's right hand was now playing with Maggie's pussy and her left hand was in Maggie's mouth. It took Doug's brain a minute to figure out what was happening. Karen was playing with Maggie's pussy until she came, which had already happened a number of times. Karen would then switch hands and begin to play with Maggie's pussy with the other hand. Karen put the cum covered hand in Maggie's mouth and Maggie greedily sucked the fingers of that hand clean. 

Doug forgot completely about me and reached for his cock instinctively. He began to stroke it himself feverishly. After only a few moments his cock became a fountain of cum. 

"Douglas," I yelled. "What do you think you're doing? You just got cum all over my carpet." 

Doug looked from me to the two women and back again. They had paused in their love making for only a moment and then went back to it.

"Get over here Doug." I pointed to the floor in front of me, "Now." 

Doug grudgingly obeyed.

"You have been a bad boy," I said.

Doug looked ashamed like a dog that had just been caught peeing on the carpet. "Get on your knees Doug." Doug obeyed. "Lay across my lap, face down." I ordered.

"Yes ma'am"

Maggie turned around to face Karen. They kissed, then Maggie dropped to her knees in front of Karen. She grabbed the waistband of Karen's panties and pulled them down, exposing Karen's closely trimmed bush. Karen took this chance to finally free her breasts from her bra and then walked backwards toward the nearest chair. She sat and beckoned Maggie over with her finger. Maggie walked on her hands and knees over to where Karen sat. Karen opened her legs to the young women and Maggie pounced, wrapping her arms around Karen's waist and diving into her pussy. Karen bent over to grab Maggie's braid and brought it taught as though it were a leash. She then began to rub the back of Maggie's neck and say soothing things like "Good girl. Nice girl. Eat mommy's pussy all up."

Doug had to crane his neck to keep watching his wife. I felt Doug's dick get hard against my right leg. He was enjoying what Maggie was doing to his wife. Without warning I slapped him square on the ass with a resounding "Slap." While Doug had been watching his wife and Maggie I had been pulling on a set of padded gloves. Much as I expected from our individual sessions Doug wanted to be dominated and I was going to dominate him tonight. 

Maggie raised her head at the sound of the spanking as did Karen. "Karen your husband is being bad. He has cum all over my carpet and he needs to be severely punished." I paused for effect. "Does that bother you?"

"Of course not ma'am," Karen replied. She indicated to Maggie that she would like her to continue eating her pussy by giving two gentle pulls on Maggie's braid. "Yes Mommy," said Maggie as she lowered her mouth back between Karen's legs.

I gave Doug a few more gentle slaps on the ass. I had to admit I was enjoying this. I could feel my own pussy getting wet. I mean Doug was a very handsome man. It took all of my self control to not order him onto his back so that I could fuck him right there. Fortunately, fate came to my rescue when I felt a different wetness, this one on the side of my leg. Doug had come all over my skirt. 

"Doug," I exclaimed giving him an extra hard swat on his backside. "Yes ma'am," asked Doug trying to look as innocent as possible.

"Did you just cum on me?"

"Yes ma'am."

"Did I give you permission to cum, much less cum on me."

"No ma'am"

"Get off." I pushed him onto the floor, probably a lot harder than I meant to. "You need discipline Doug and believe you me you're going to get it from now on."

Doug was laying face up I stared down at him, I put my foot on his abdomen just above his dick and pointed my finger at him. "Stay Doug."

I took several steps away and saw Doug reaching for his hardening cock. I cover the distance in a heartbeat. I put my face right above his but so that I appeared upside down to him. "I'll be right back and then we can continue your punishment. Until then don't make it worse for yourself by disobeying me. Don't move Doug it's that simple. That is what stay, means. It means you don't move, you don't touch yourself, in fact, try not to breathe." I then leaned in and Kissed Doug full on the mouth.

I got up quickly looking over at Karen and Maggie. Neither of them had seen what just happened, Maggie was still between Karen's legs and Karen had her eyes closed, her head back and was moaning in pleasure.

I walked over to my wet bar. What the hell was I thinking kissing Doug like that? I mean he was no longer a client but I was trying to keep him and his wife together not brake them up. I got a bottle out of my mini fridge and was about to rinse the cum off my skirt when I hesitated. I looked at Doug he was watching the girls. The girls were watching each other and no one was watching me. I brought the skirt to my mouth and licked Doug's cum off. It was still warm and salty. 

God what was I doing. I took the cap of the bottle and pored the club soda over the skirt. I then dabbed with a damp paper towel and the skirt was as good as new. I hung it over a nearby chair to dry. I was so hot now I pulled out an ice cube and rubbed it over my forehead. That gave me an idea. I grabbed the ice bucket and walked back towards my chair.

"Doug. Come here boy."

"Yes ma'am."

I patted my lap. "This time be a good boy and you will get a treat."

Karen screamed a series of swear words as Maggie brought her to climax, "Fuck...oh fuck...God yeah...fuck you fuck'n pussy fucker."

Karen stood and pulled Maggie to her feet like a rag doll. Karen then pushed Maggie down into the chair she herself had just vacated and got on her knees before Maggie as Maggie had been before her. Karen began to suck on Maggie's breasts. "That feels good mommy. Did it feel good when I sucked on your breasts like this?"

"Yes baby if felt really good."

I couldn't remember when Maggie had started calling Karen mommy but both seemed to be really enjoying it.

"Mommy I have an itch between my legs. Will you scratch it?"

"Of course baby mommy loves you."

Karen moved to Maggie's other breast and started fingering Maggies pussy with her left hand while she fingered herself with her right. "Oh Mommy do you have an itch too."

"Yes baby a really bad itch."

"I like it when you play with my kitty mommy. Your making my kitty so wet mommy. I'm going to pee-pee soon."

On the other side of the room I whisper in Doug's ear "Is that making you hot?" 

"Fuck yeah." He responded without thinking.

I pressed an ice cube to his ass. He grimaced. "What was that?"

He took a couple of deep breath before he answered, "Yes ma'am. Watching that is making me hot, ma'am."

"Oh then let me cool you down," I said as I pressed the ice cube to his ass again.

As with the spanking, the second ice cube made Doug get harder. It was pressing against my leg. However, this time Doug was keeping it hard and loaded 

"Your wife has a lovely ass," I said.

"If you say so mistress," responded Doug. He was getting into this SM thing more than I thought he would.

It was turning me on as much as his hard cock pressing into my leg. I need to do something or I was going to loose it right there, "Maggie is a lovely girl."

"If you think so mistress."

"To bad she doesn't have a dick. I think your wife needs a good dick in that nice ass of hers don't you?"

"If that is your wish mistress," Doug said obediently.

My wish was for you to shove that huge dick up my pussy. With my last vestige of strength I ordered Doug, "Go."

He crawled over to his wife. He played with her pussy from behind and invited him to enter her snatch by wiggling her butt cheeks in his face. He stuck his dick in her pussy and pulled it out a number of times before he shoved it into her ass. Karen stopped sucking Maggie's pussy for a moment to mutter, "God Doug you're so hard," before pressing her face back between Maggie's legs.

"Daddy you're going to make mommy cum."

Doug adapted to the game they were playing as fast as he had to one I wanted to play, "Yes baby I am. Is mommy still taking care of your itch?"

"Yes daddy. Mommy is making it all warm and squishy down there."

My legs wouldn't hold me. I had a five star porn movie unfolding in my office. I reached down and began to play with myself. Maggie's eyes locked onto mine and I could tell she was having as much fun watching me play with myself as I was watching them. 

Doug started sticking his cock in Karen's ass, then pulling out and sticking it in Karen's pussy. He kept repeating this motion with four/four rhythm. This went on for more than ten minutes. I had to admire the guys stamina and Karen's. Maggie came several times as did Karen. Suddenly Doug decided to fuck is wife's pussy exclusively. Karen reared back like a spurred horse. Doug wrapped his left arm around Karen's chest and cupped her right breast and cupped her neck with his right. Maggie took over playing with her own pussy and Karen encouraged Doug on, "That's it grrrreaaat Doug. Fuck mommy from behind. Fuck me hard."

Maggie got out of the chair and slid under Karen like she was a car on a lube rack. Maggie began to lick both Doug's dick and Karen's pussy. "Mommy sure likes what you're doing to her Daddy." Maggie paused for a moment then asked, "When your done filling mommy with cum, may I clean your dick?"

"Of...Course...Baby...Daddy...Would...Like...that." Doug answered in between strokes.

Only moments later Doug did cum and Maggie moved in like a hungry calf. Not wanting to crush Maggie Karen used the last bit of her strength to crawl over the girl and then collapsed to the floor. I couldn't tell if Doug just recovered that quickly or if Maggie was that good of a cocksucker but less than five minutes later Doug shot a huge load of cum all over Maggie's breast. "Thank you daddy," she said with a smile.
