 It had been quite a past 24 hours. Yesterday I had explored a girl's body for the first time, and she had mine. She also made me cum for the first time, other than doing it to myself. Then earlier today we had done the same thing- only she made me cum twice. And I was going over to her house again for more. Well, I assumed so. She had invited me.

Her dad was going out for the evening, as he often did. Her mom had died when she was just a baby, and her dad had raised her by himself. He had been a devoted father, but as she got older he allowed himself more time for himself. Since she turned 16, and especially now that she had turned 18, he felt that he was free to go out many evenings. Sometimes with his friends, sometimes on dates. I had spent many, many evenings alone with Laura in her house. Looking back, it was amazing that we hadn't done anything in all that time, but we had been as trustworthy as our parents thought we were. Until yesterday. Then things changed drastically. 

And this evening I was back for more. I walked into her house and realized that my dick was already stirring, anticipating more sex. When I saw her sitting in the living room, I reminded myself not to assume too much too quickly. Girls don't like that. But then I saw Emily sitting on the couch. Shit, that would put a damper on the evening. I hoped she wasn't staying long. 

We said "Hi" to each other, and I sat down to see what was going on. Laura came over to me and sat on the arm of the chair with her arm on my shoulder. 

"I was telling Emily what we've been doing," she said. I was quickly in panic mode. Did she really mean what I thought she meant?

"Don't get excited," Laura said, seeing my aggravation. "You know I tell her everything. I don't have any secrets from either one of you, so I had to tell her what happened yesterday." My mind was reeling. "She is really interested."

Hm? What? My brain was racing to catch up. "Interested in what?" I asked.

"Interested in what we were doing. Interested in doing it, too."

"Doing it?" I asked. "Doing what we were doing? With who?"

Laura paused, she and Emily gave each other a glance, and I was suddenly worried about who she was planning on doing it with. But I couldn't quite believe it, so I said nothing.

Laura knew what I was thinking. "Emily doesn't have much more experience than I do," she said, carefully. "Who would be better to introduce her to the things we have been doing? Someone she can trust, someone gentle, who won't take advantage. We are both opening up to you and hoping you can help."

It wasn't a question, but she was waiting for an answer. I wanted to run screaming from the room, but I got hung up on the word 'we'. She had said 'we.' Whatever I did here might impact what Laura and I had. That made me pause. And pause long enough to realize that having a sexual relationship with another girl just might be a good thing. I really wasn't used to this sex thing.

"I don't understand." I really didn't, exactly, but mostly I was buying time. I wanted more explanation.

"It's simple," she said. "She wants to have an experience like we did. Do you want her to have to find out about dicks with some guy practically raping her in a back seat?"

I felt myself giving up. I wasn't used to this kind of thinking, but I did start thinking of the pleasures of sex with another girl. 

"What do you want me to do?" I asked. I meant it more like finding out what they had in mind, then telling them what I was willing to do. Instead, they took it as me submitting to them. Laura motioned for Emily to come over, and the girls kneeled down on either side of my chair.

"You don't have to do anything," Laura said. "We'll take care of everything. You just get to enjoy yourself." She reached for my belt and undid it, then the button, then pulled the zipper down. 

"No," I said. "Wait." Both girls looked at me with shocked faces. "Take off your top," I said, looking at Emily.

Both girls were still surprised, and said nothing.

"You're going to see all of me," I said. "It's only fair that I see some of you."

Laura was the first to react. She looked at Emily and said, "It is only fair."

Emily didn't look shocked any more, just a little hesitant. 

"Okay." she said. She swallowed and looked at Laura. "If you will."

Laura thought for a moment, blinked, then pulled her top up over her head. They smiled at each other, and Emily began to unbutton her blouse. She was a little slow, but determined. When she finished, they looked at each other again then both reached behind to unclasp their bras. As they slid them off, I was in awe. All of that tit flesh exposed all of a sudden right in front of my eyes. Emily's breasts were very much like Laura's - not real big, but very round and firm, no sag at all. The main difference was that Emily's nipples were very big. They grabbed all of my attention away from Laura, but I had seen Laura's before. Emily's large, hard nipples seemed so sexy to me as they stuck out like erasers, in the exact middle of her perfect mounds. I reached for them. Not the breast, just the nipple. I took one between my thumb and finger firmly, twirling it between them, feeling the hardness of it. Emily let out a little gasp, and we all smiled at each other.

Laura's attention returned to my pants. She grabbed them and pulled them down, with Emily helping out a bit. My erection had gotten big with the strip tease, and was the object of Emily's attention. It was straining the material of my boxers, which had been pulled down a little when my pants were removed. It was in danger of popping out through the fly. Laura pulled the material to the side just a bit, and my erection sprang out, bobbing around, causing the girls to laugh hysterically. My hand had never left Emily's breast, squeezing and kneading it in my hand. My attention kept going back and forth between the firm flesh of her tit and my dick being the center of two girls' attention.

Laura reached for my bobbing dick, grabbing it in her hand. She wiggled it a bit then, smiling at Emily, said, "Go ahead. Touch it."

Emily did just that, reaching out with her thumb and two fingers, squeezing slightly and moving them up and down just a bit. She looked at Laura, then back at my dick. Then she looked up at me and we smiled at each other. If it didn't feel so fantastic I would have felt like laughing.

"Come on." said Laura, grabbing the waist band of my boxers. Emily reached up as well, and together they pulled them all the way down to my ankles. My dick was now bobbing totally free, and Emily was now the one to grab hold of it. She wrapped her hand around it, and I was overwhelmed. Her warm, firm hand wrapped around my swollen tool and, following Laura's lead, began pumping up and down. Her grip was tighter than Laura's, and her speed was much faster. She was pumping in a frenzy, with all her might. With her hand pumping furiously, my hand full of a new, sexy tit, and after all the foreplay I had been through, I was on overload. Laura's hands were lightly brushing my balls and squeezing the base of my shaft. In only a few minutes I could feel the come starting to boil up, and I said so.

"Already?" Laura asked. My eyes closed and my head fell back. I wanted to will my orgasm away, but it was too late. I groaned and pumped my hips as I gave in to the pressure. As the explosion shot out, Laura put her hand over top Emily's as I had done to Laura before, so her hand would keep stroking my cock. Explosion after explosion shot out, stronger than I ever remembered. For the first few shots I felt like my whole body was exploding. I think I yelled out with the first one or two, and when I became aware of my surroundings again, my hips were pushing into the air as if trying to shove my cock deep into a pussy. 

The girls still held onto my cock, Emily's now doing the work mostly on her own. Her pumping had slowed, and she was squeezing hard from the base upward, and just lightly on the way down, milking the last of my cum out the tip. Laura was smiling, watching Emily and her reaction to seeing her first cock explode. Emily looked a little shocked, but definitely pleased. 

"Feel the cum?" Laura asked.

Emily smiled and nodded. "Yeah, it's really gooey, isn't it? So sticky. And warm. It's still oozing a little out of the tip."

"Rub it," Laura instructed.

Emily took a finger and slid it over the hole, wiping a large drop of cum off it. She rubbed it between her thumb and finger, and looked up at Laura. They were both on the verge of giggling.

"I like to taste it," Laura told her, as she licked some that had been on her hand.

"Laura!" Emily was shocked.

"Well," Laura said. "I don't really like it much, but I want to get used to it. It's not bad."

"But..." Emily wasn't sure what to say, but she was still shocked at Laura's actions.

"What?" Laura said, "After everything we've done today, there's something wrong with a little taste?" 

Emily smiled, hesitated, then brought her hand up to her mouth. She took a tentative lick of my cum. She grimaced, looked at Laura, then laughed. She took another little taste, grimaced again, and laughed again. 

Emily said, "It's not the taste. But it feels like - snot!"

Both girls started laughing hysterically, and looked up at me to see my reaction. It was the first time they even acknowledged my presence, except for my penis, in a long time. I was amused by the whole thing. The stress of Emily's new experiences and all the naked skin was now forgotten. Both girls raised up and gave me kisses on my cheek. They hugged me, said 'Thanks,' and just relaxed, leaning on my chest.

"Well, that was really something," Emily said.

Laura asked, "Was it what you expected?"

"Oh, way more than that!" she answered.

Emily's hand snaked down to feel my cock again. "It's not so hard anymore." That made them laugh again.

Laura said, "Don't worry. It'll get hard again if you want it to. It doesn't take him long," she giggled.

"Cool." Emily lazily rubbed it with her fingers. She bounced it a bit. "I like it," she said.

Laura said, "The second time takes longer. He can play more before he shoots."

Emily's eyes got big and she got a huge grin. "Okay."

"Wait a minute," I said. "I think you should both get naked first." I might as well take advantage if I could.

"What?" Emily shouted, looking indignant.

"Hey, I've been really exposed here, in every way. You can do whatever you want. All I'm asking is to see your bodies, too." I wondered if I had gone too far and ruined the whole thing. I tried to make it better. "It'll help me get it hard again."

The girls looked at each other, and Laura nodded her head a bit, signaling her approval. As I thought about it, Emily should know that she could end up naked if Laura had told her what we had been doing. This shouldn't be that much of a shock. When Laura raised up and started pulling her pants down, Emily began to follow her lead, though hesitantly.

After Laura removed her pants, along with her panties, she came up closer to me so that I could run my hand down over her ass. Her very shapely, firm ass. I squeezed it and she smiled. Emily moved over as well, now naked. Shyly, she let me feel her ass, too. I didn't try to get too familiar with her because I didn't want to scare her off, but my hand did drift around to Laura's bush. Not between her legs, though. I was afraid Emily might freak.

Emily was watching with great interest, and it seemed that she was now taking shallow breaths. Laura nodded toward my newly forming erection. Both girls were drawn to it, kneeling back down and each sliding a hand to my crotch. They again stroked and squeezed my penis, and my hands were stroking an ass or a tit, whatever I could reach easiest. My dick was soon fully erect.

Laura slid her finger tip around the head of my penis, softly pressing on my hole, then circling around it. Emily pulled her hand down the shaft, then brought her other hand down as well. This made my penis feel like it was constantly rising, getting longer, the skin of the shaft being pulled back further than it ever had been. It was a feeling I had never given myself. I wanted to rise up, pushing my penis further and further.

While Emily concentrated on my penis, Laura's hand dropped below my dick to cradle my balls.

"These are really tender, aren't they?" she asked me.

"Yes," I said.

"Does this hurt?"

"No. That feels really good. You can play with them as long as you're gentle." My dick throbbed just with me telling her she could play with them. Then she actually started. She just moved them up and down, and moved them a little between her fingers.

"Tell me what feels okay, and if I start hurting you."

"Fine. What you're doing feels fantastic. But you can be rougher. Well, not really rough."

Emily was still feeling and stroking my cock, but was really interested in what Laura was doing. Laura started squeezing and pulling, rolling them between her fingers. I was moaning as she did all this. Occasionally I would moan differently, more urgently, in a little pain. She would look up at me and see that it was painful and stop what she was doing. We communicated like this without words. I was going crazy with these two girls attacking my genitals. My dick was swollen, throbbing, but I was determined not to cum too quickly. I stopped feeling their bodies very much in an attempt to calm down a little, but I couldn't leave them totally alone - they were just too firm and soft.

Emily kept one hand on my cock, and with the other helped Laura massage my balls. She started pulling them down, seeing how far and with how much force before it started hurting me. As turned on as I was, I was enjoying the pain that a few minutes before hurt too much. I was going crazy with sensations. Emily was still pumping my shaft, and I was on the edge. I really didn't care how much they abused my balls, my hips pumped as my cum started up from below, and in a few moments came bursting out through my cock.

What a feeling! All of those sensations going on at one time, with all of it leading to a mind blowing orgasm. Once again my mind basically went numb. I shot several times before I knew what else was going on. The pain in my balls brought me around.

"Let go of my balls." I said, nearly yelling. With that, I collapsed, the tension out of my body, just a few small dribbles of cum left, which the girls milked out of me. Though the intensity of my orgasm was as strong as before, I hadn't shot nearly as much cum. Well, it was my fourth orgasm of the day, and that was a lot, even for me on my masturbation days. 

I was really spent and didn't move or try to clean myself up, even as Emily got up, saying it was late and she had to hurry home. I made sure to watch her get dressed. I hadn't made much use of having two naked girls here tonight, but I certainly couldn't complain at the way they treated me.

"I think we wore him out." Laura said, as I sat slumped in the chair with my legs splayed straight out in front of me and my dick hanging lifelessly between them..

Emily smiled. "That was amazing. Thanks guys. I loved it. Wow! If... If you want to do it again sometime, let me know. I mean, that would okay with me."

I smiled, not really feeling able to say anything. But Laura said, "Oh, it would be okay, you say? What you mean is that you'd love it!" 

Emily smiled back. "Well, yeah!"

They laughed, and Emily hurried out the door. "We'll definitely talk tomorrow!"

Laura looked at me and said, "You look comfortable."

"Yeah," I said. "Kind of limp"

"So I see," she said, looking at my poor, used up penis.

"I didn't mean just that."

"Do you have any strength left?" she asked, as she stepped toward me, took my arm and turned it so my palm was upward, and stepped over it so that her pussy was laying in my palm. Her pussy felt wet. Not just damp, but wet. She reached in and grabbed my hand, pulling my middle finger up. Then she adjusted her body a bit, and I felt my finger slip into her slit and then go further.

"Yeah. Put it in there," she said, dreamily. "Further."

I pushed my finger past wet skin and into a hole. Yes, I really knew what it was. I had thought about it before when my hand was in her crotch, but I didn't really understand what exactly was going on down there, and if I was supposed to put my finger in there. Or anything other than my penis. I knew that was the place for a dick. Now I knew my finger could do some good, too.

Laura was moving, sliding on the arm of the chair and, of course, on my hand and finger. I wiggled my finger a little, and she moaned, pushed her crotch into it more, and said, "Yes!" 

"More," she moaned, and I pushed my finger in as much as I could, and moved it around more. Sometimes it almost popped out as she was now writhing all over. I put a second finger in and she stiffened, then circled her hips around more, moaning almost constantly now. My wrist was hurting, but I continued trying to pleasure her hole. I wasn't sure what I was doing, but I was sure that she was enjoying it. She soon seemed pretty much out of control, and was started yelling. Moaning, groaning, and actual yelling.

"YES! YES! OH! YES! THERE! UMPFF! NOW! THERE!

And then she let out with a shriek. I wasn't sure, but I assumed that she was having an orgasm. I really didn't know girls could have one without having intercourse, but it sure seemed like it. She was pushing and grinding her pussy into my hand as she kept yelling. Soon she was just moaning, and her body slowed down. I was able to move my hand just a little. Not remove it from her pussy, but shift it enough so that it quit hurting me.

She moaned and started saying "Mmmmmmm" while she slowly rubbed her pussy on my hand. She slumped over, sideways, onto my chest, giving me a bit of a hug. I took the opportunity to cup a breast in my hand, feeling the firm flesh that I hadn't gotten nearly enough of lately. We sat there like that for a couple of minutes until she started lifting herself off me.

"Oh, wow. Thank you," she said.

"Was that an orgasm?" I wondered.

" Couldn't you tell?" she smiled.

"Well, yes, but I wasn't sure that's what it was." I felt a little stupid.

"Yes, I came. Really hard. You have to do that to me some more. Lots more. Did you feel how wet I was when I started?"

"Yeah"

"That means I was turned on. I had been horny since this morning. And tonight made it so much worse. I really needed relief."

"You sound like a guy." I said.

"Well, girls need to cum, too!"

I wasn't sure I had known that. There are so many things interesting about girls. I wondered what else I didn't know. And how much these girls could teach me.