 This is something that happened to me a few weeks ago when my boyfriend at the time, Jason, and I went over to the house of another couple that we were very close to, Mike and Lisa. We had eaten dinner and it was getting late so we were playing cards and decided to go into the hot tub to relax. It was probably going to be one of the last times we would be able to go in this summer so we wanted to take advantage of it. The hot tub is behind the house and surrounded by a gazebo.

We talked about it a little since Jason and I didn't have suits and decided we were all comfortable enough to go in the nude. We went outside and started to undress. Jason and I always had an open relationship and so I was not shy about watching as Mike and Lisa undressed. I had always been curious and I was not disappointed.

Lisa is a very fair blond, short and slim but with very large breasts. I have always been interested in women and so I started to get a little wet and frisky looking at her. Then I noticed she had her pussy fully shaved. That really got me going. I could hardly contain my excitement. I want to feel that bald pussy against my lips. Mike was also undressing and getting in the hot tub. He had a beautiful cock about 7 inches and very thick. It was semi hard watching Lisa an I undress...I wanted to taste it so bad. Jason has a gorgeous 9 inches with a really big head. I loved his cock. Feeling it deep in me was so amazing. He really did fill me.

We all got in the water; Jason and I sat on one side of the hot tub and Mike and Lisa sat across from us. We were relaxing and talking and the tension just started to build in me. I couldn't resist I reached under the water into Jason's lap and circled his cock at the base with my thumb and first finger then started to pulse them gently applying pressure around the root of his cock. I felt it start to stiffen and couldn't hold back a smug smile. He was never able to resist me. I started to stroke him slowly under the water and felt his hand creep between my thighs. He started to part my lips my juices mingling with the water in the hot tub. He finally found my clit and leaned over to kiss me as I gasped. His tongue invaded my mouth mimicking what he wanted to do with his cock. As we parted I looked over and saw Mike with his head lowered to Lisa's tits where he was sucking and nibbling one of her nipples. I just couldn't resist anymore.

I stretched one leg out and put my foot in Mike's lap. As I continued to stroke Jason's cock and he continued to pleasure my pussy, I began to rub Mike's cock with my foot. He groaned against Lisa's nipple and she moaned in response. I moved away from Jason then and Mike moved up to sit on the edge of the hot tub. His cock was so hard it was sticking straight up pointing at his belly button. I took it in my hand and began to stroke. All the while I was looking Lisa straight in the eye. "I'm going to suck your boyfriend's cock now," I whispered as I moved one hand between her legs. She was so silky smooth and she threw her head back and started breathing hard and thrusting her hips toward me, gently at first. I looked at Mike as I planted one kiss on his girlfriend's already distended nipple and then lowered my mouth to his cock.

I continued to stroke Lisa's sweet pussy and finally began to pinch and pay attention to the one place she wanted me to touch, her clit. It was a hard little bud and I teased it with different pressures and speeds. She started to groan and thrust her hips toward me harder. Meanwhile I went to work on Mike's cock. I started by just sucking the head in and out of my mouth keeping my lips tight and my mouth hot and wet. Using my hand to stroke the shaft and laving my tongue all over the head, concentrating on that very sensitive spot underneath at the base of the head. I started to take more and more of his cock in my mouth looking back at Jason who was stroking his cock furiously watching me pleasing both these people.

I stopped sucking for a moment and said to him, "I need you to fuck me Jason, please." He loved me to beg. I then went back to sucking Mike's cock deeply into my mouth. He was moaning and pushed his hands into my hair and forcing my head further down on his cock until I was taking it all, deep-throating, almost choking. I felt Jason move in behind me and place the head of his cock at the entrance to my pussy. He pushed just the head in and I felt Mike jerk in my mouth so I pulled away and began to stroke his cock rhythmically. 

"Fuck me Jason, god please," I nearly yelled as Mike shot his load all over my hand and chest. I raised my cum-covered hand to my mouth and sucked the cum off my fingers one at a time savoring the salty sweet flavor. Jason thrust more and more deeply into me and reached around to play with my clit. I came immediately my pussy clamping down on him tightly and spasming all around him. He leaned down and I could feel his heavy breathing on the back of my neck. I knew what would drive him over the edge.

All this time I had been stroking Lisa's pussy and keeping her just at the brink of orgasm. Now I needed to taste her and I knew that would make Jason cum hard. I looked at Mike and said, "I think your girlfriend needs a good pussy licking and I am just the one to give it to her." I felt Jason jerk inside me as I moved over and grabbed Lisa around the waist. I lifted her to sit on the edge of the hot tub and spread her legs wide. I licked up the inside of her thigh and felt Jason start thrusting faster into me. He leaned down to get a better look and reached out to pinch and stroke Lisa's nipples. I licked her shaved outer lips and then parted them to reveal her clit. 

It was so hard and pink I leaned down and took it gently between my lips and sucked lightly. I then lowered my tongue and thrust it into her glistening hole. She tasted so good, like vanilla, sweet and delicious. I used one thumb on her clit as I tongue- fucked her, shoving my tongue deep into her and then pushing it upward, putting pressure on the upper wall of her tunnel as I brought my tongue out of her. I did this again and again feeling her begin to shiver. I pulled away a little and breathed a sigh of pleasure over her clit making her shiver. She started to grind her pussy up into my face. I could feel my orgasm building again and I knew it wouldn't be long. Mike was already recovering and stroking his cock again watching me lick his girlfriend's snatch. 

I felt Jason quicken against me every stroke pushing my face deeper into Lisa's dripping slit. I started lapping at Lisa's clit while suddenly thrusting two fingers deep inside of her. She screamed in pleasure and thrust her pussy wildly toward my face and against my tongue and fingers. I made her ride the wave continuing the pressure and adding a third finger. At that point I heard Jason grunt wildly and felt his cum splashing inside me. He grabbed my hips and thrust so deep I thought he was going to rip me apart. That was it; I came again and this orgasm was so strong I had Jason's cock caught in my pussy until it was over.

Jason fell back exhausted and so did Lisa. She moved across the hot tub and sat next to Jason. Mike by this time was fully recovered and wanting more. I happened to be sitting next to him and so he moved in close to me and started to kiss me deeply his tongue thrusting into my mouth tasting his girlfriend's cum on my tongue. That made him even more excited. He started to stroke one of my nipples pulling on it and then finally lowering his head to take it in his mouth. He nibbled and sucked giving me sweet pain and incredible pleasure at the same time. He continued to fondle the other nipple as he moved his lips back up to my neck and then to my ear. "I want to fuck you so badly," he whispered. That was all I needed.

I pushed him back until he was sitting down on the bench of the hot tub and lowered myself into his lap. Very slowly I did this feeling him enter me and inch at a time. He wasn't as long as Jason but he was quite a bit thicker. I could feel my pussy opening to take him all in. It was incredible. I looked over my shoulder and Jason and Lisa were watching this and beginning to touch each other. His mouth was at her tits where he was sucking on one of her nipples while one of his hands was between her thighs stroking her. One of her hands was around his cock stroking it to full extension while her other hand was guiding Jason's on her pussy showing him what she liked best. 

That really turned me on. I started to raise and lower myself on Mike's cock. He grabbed me around the waist and moved me up and down on his tool faster and faster. He was slamming into me again and again, filling me up. "I want to watch them," I said to him as I leaned in to bite his earlobe. He picked me up off his cock and turned me neatly around and then rammed my tight, silky pussy down on his rock hard rod again. It took a moment for me to gain my bearings and then I placed my hands on his knees to steady myself. I was treated to the sight of Jason kneeling on the bench his cock between Lisa's lips. She sucked him deep and I could hear her slurping which caused a rush of wetness between my thighs gushing over Mike's cock. 

"I want to watch you fuck her," I said to Jason. He smiled at me, knowing that watching him pound another woman made me so hot. He in turn was getting harder just watching me get fucked hard by Mike, who was making all sorts of noise, groaning and cursing under his breath, telling me how good it felt to be inside me, how tight and hot I was. I could feel another orgasm building in me. I knew watching Jason fuck Lisa would push me over. He bent her over the side of the hot tub standing so that I could get a close up view of his cock going in and out of her. She gasped as he pushed all the way into her in one thrust. 

"How do you like that big cock inside of you." I almost purred to her. For a moment all she could do was groan and then I heard her whisper "It feels soo good, uuuhhh," which turned into a scream of ecstasy as she came all over my boyfriend's cock. That was it; I came too, slamming my pussy down on Mike's cock. I fell back against him as he continued to grunt and thrust into me. Jason was ramming his rock hard meat into Lisa pushing it all the way in with every thrust. She was breathing hard and moaning every time he would jam into her to the hilt. I reached out and started to stroke one finger over Jason's asshole, swirling my finger in circles. I knew he loved that. 

He started to move faster and I heard Lisa scream in ecstasy again as I pushed my finger into Jason's asshole up to the second knuckle and then started to move it in and out. The sensations were too much, Lisa's pussy spasming around him and me finger fucking his ass, and his thrusts stuttered and then he shouted his orgasm as well. That made me cum again just as Mike pulled me down onto his cock one last time and spilled his juice into me.

That was an amazing night. It was repeated once more (not in the hot tub this time) before Jason and I broke up but that is another story.