 "Hi, Honey, he's up in his room." 

That was my mother's voice, greeting Laura as usual. Laura often came over to my house in the morning. W e were, remember, best friends. And there was no reason for my mother to think there was anything wrong with both of us in my room, alone. There was never a hint of anything but friendship between us. That is, until the last couple of days.

Laura opened my door and walked in, as usual. "Hey, lazy bones. What are you still doing in bed?"

I was just waking up when I had heard Mom's voice, and now I was pretty much wide awake. "I had a big day yesterday," I joked.

"You certainly did," she said, with a twinkle in her eye. "You were really something."

"It was an incredible day," I agreed. But I was a little worried about how it would affect our life-long friendship. "So, are you okay? I mean, did that change anything between us?"

Laura laughed. "Absolutely. It changed a lot!" She noticed my serious expression. "Are you serious? You mean our friendship? Of course not. That could never change. I feel just the same about us. Well," she smiled, "Not quite the same."

"Are you sure?" I stupidly asked.

"Of course. If you haven't changed your feelings."

"I'm a guy. I loved it."

Laura pulled my sheet back and saw my erection. I slept in the nude so I couldn't really hide it. She smiled sweetly, or perhaps greedily, and reached for it. I gasped at the unexpected pleasure of her touch.

She laughed. "I think we can be friends, and add a lot more to it." She pulled on my penis as if to stretch it out, though it was fully engorged. I rolled onto my back to make it easy for her to reach. Her finger felt the smooth head and pushed and played with the pee hole while her other hand held my dick steady. She then started squeezing and pulling on the shaft. She went very slowly. It was if she was trying to prolong my pleasure, but she was actually prolonging hers. She felt the shaft as she went, very carefully, paying attention to each little bump and vein. She discovered the ridge underneath the shaft and paid particular attention to it. Especially when she heard my groans in reaction to her attentions.

After stroking my dick for several minutes, her other hand dropped to my balls. She cupped these and rolled them between her fingers. Again, she was going very slowly, exploring and examining every little centimeter she could feel. She pulled and prodded like she had yesterday, as hard as she dared without causing too much pain. It felt out of this world. I was lost in the feeling as my nerve endings were teased and put on edge all over my groin. 

I was nearly out of my mind. I was trying to remember to stay quiet. I was in my room, my mother was downstairs, but I was being driven wild. I couldn't scream or even moan loudly. I couldn't bounce on my bed. I just had to lay there and be tortured. Mind-blowing, exquisite torture.

My balls began churning and Laura's hand was stroking faster. My eyes were closed as I concentrated on the feelings. Then I felt something else and my eyes shot open. Laura had leaned over to my penis and had put her lips around the head of it. I couldn't believe it, but the sensations were even stronger. As she sucked on my cock just a little, her tongue slipped over the glans.

I groaned - too loudly - and cum shot out of my cock, straight up into the air. Laura had just gotten her mouth off in time. She had no warning except my groan. Perhaps she had felt the change in my balls or cock as the sperm began rising. She stroked firmly as I was totally useless. I just wanted to pump that cum out. She even put her other spare hand over my mouth. I guess I was being too loud. I wasn't sure. Finally, my cum was done, the last few tremors of my cock were over, and my mind cleared.

"Wow! What was that?" I asked.

"What?" she replied innocently, rubbing her fingers softly over my prick, feeling it as well as rubbing my cum around.

"Your mouth," I managed to say.

"Did you like that?" she asked. She laughed at my facial reaction. "I heard about that, but never tried it. They said it can drive guys wild."

"Well, they were right."

"You can do that to me. too."

Of course I had heard of these things as well. But I really didn't know how to do it to a girl.

Always honest with Laura, I said, "You'll have to teach me."

"Be glad to," she answered. "Can you come over this afternoon about 3?"

"Sure. What about now?" Always eager.

"No," she said, handing me some tissues. "You were so noisy, I'm afraid your mom may wonder what was going on. You'd better clean up." Then she added, "Emily will be there."

I said, "For this? Both of you? Again?"

She laughed. "You didn't seem to mind it yesterday."

"Hell, no," I replied. "But is she okay with it?

"Oh, yeah," Laura smiled. "She is very okay with it. But you're going to do more for us. Or to us."

I swear my cock started to twitch.

**********

About three o'clock I walked into Laura's house. Emily was already there, and both girls looked as if they were more than ready for me to arrive. We greeted each other, and I noticed that they seemed much more relaxed than I felt. Wasn't the guy supposed to be the one who was 'the hunter', the girl was the one who should be nervous? Then I had a thought - maybe it was because there were two girls. They could support each other, protect each other (as if they needed protection from me), and, well, yes, they were the ones in control. I realized that they were talking to each before our meetings, discussing what happened and what was going to happen, probably. Planning things. Yes, they really were in control. 

I also realized that it was better for me to allow them to be in charge. I hated to admit it, but they probably knew more about anatomy and sex than I did, especially when they put their knowledge together. My main experience was locker room talk, magazines, and a couple of porn movies I had seen. I could get used to this.

The girls were sitting in chairs waiting for me, so I sat on the couch. They immediately came over and sat on each side of me, their hands touching my arms and my chest. I thought they must have planned this, and wondered what else they had planned. They couldn't plan everything.

Hands found my belt, and started undoing it and my pants. I'm not sure whose hands were first, but Emily spoke first. "I'm sure you want these pants off."

"Sure," I said, as I lifted my ass off the couch so they could pull my pants off. My boxers didn't come completely off with them, but they got them, too. Emily knelt on the floor to get the clothes off my feet - as well as my shoes, 

"It's a nice view from down here," she said. She was looking up at me from between my legs, but most of her attention was directed at my erection pointing skyward. Her hands slid up my legs, from my knees to my - well, just short of my balls. She seemed to hesitate, then her hands brushed my balls and grasped my stiffened rod around the base. 

"Oh," I gasped at the sudden touch of her fingers. Emily squeezed and felt my erection, and Laura now started on the tip. Both girls let their hands and fingers feel all over my dick. Oh, geez, I couldn't understand how I came to be so lucky.

Emily looked at Laura and said, "He won't be any good to us until this dick feels better."

I almost said how good it felt now, but I stopped myself. It felt so good, but I knew from experience it could feel even better. Heaven help me.

At least one of the hands on my cock started to pump, slowly, up and down. Another one was playing with my balls, and another hand grabbed my knob, feeling and turning and even twisting it a little. Then I felt a mouth go down over my dick. Not just the knob this time, but it kept going, taking about half of my cock into her mouth. I looked down and saw that it was Emily who had me in her mouth.

She sucked on my pole, pulling her mouth back up toward the tip while sucking, then back down. She swirled her tongue around as well, and I was amazed at the sensations she was giving me. Like nothing I had yet experienced. She did this a few times, and then removed her mouth. Her hand started pumping harder. No, it was Laura's hand pumping. Now Emily's was helping her stroke as well. Hands were pumping hard and fast, up and down my cock. My balls were being pulled by someone. Emily's mouth, no, now it was Laura's mouth, engulfed my cock. Not as far down as Emily's had been, but further than she had gone this morning. 

I could not take it much longer. I was moaning and grunting, and soon my cum was boiling in my balls. I knew I was getting close, and I said so. Laura took her mouth off my cock, the hands now forcing my cum to erupt. I yelled out, not needing to keep quiet now. My eruption flew up in the air and disappeared. It had landed in Laura's hair. Other spurts shot into the air and landed mostly on my groin and stomach. I was limp, trying to catch my breath. The girls were smiling, looking at each other, and rubbing my cum around on my body.

After staying like that for a couple minutes, they started to stir. Emily asked, "Have you done oral sex?"

"Done? You mean..." I wasn't sure what she meant.

"Have you eaten a girl?" Emily asked. "A pussy."

Emily seemed to be getting pretty forceful, and blunt.

"No," I answered shyly. I was a guy. I was a little embarrassed at my inexperience.

Emily let her fingers play over my chest. She looked into my eyes, smiled, and said, "I'll let you practice on me."

Holy shit! I loved my life. I watched as she slid her fingers inside the waist of her pants and pulled them down over hips. Her panties went with them. Her pubic hair was just visible as she hesitated. She wanted me to see, but seemed a little shy about Laura watching. Laura, however, was mostly watching my cock. Still limp, I hadn't been able to clean the cum up. It was glazing over on my skin while my cock was twitching a bit from the abuse it had gotten and the recovery it was trying to make watching Emily.

Emily went ahead and slid her pants on down, exposing her pussy. I got a good look at it as she parted her legs, lifting them out of her pants. Her hair was not trimmed, but not thick. She sat down beside me. She took my hand and pulled it over into her lap, either for seduction or to cover her nakedness. Why would she be shy after yesterday? Perhaps not used to all this yet. I didn't seem to mind!

"Do you want to learn how to eat a pussy?" she asked. 

I nodded. Emily pulled my hand, leading me to kneel in front of her. She sat on the edge of the couch, spreading her legs just a little. "Sure? she asked.

"Yeah," I said, becoming entranced by the sight of hers just inches in front of my face. "Definitely."

She looked directly at me and spread her legs further. I stared at it, overcome by the sight of her pussy lips. "Lick it."

I looked up at her, questioning.

"Your tongue. Lick right in the crack," she said.

I leaned forward, stuck out my tongue, and touched the lips. They were wet and hot, with a strong, indescribable taste. 

"More," she said.

I licked again, trying to do it better. I didn't care for the taste or the smell, but my excitement overcame my reservations.

"More," she said again. "Go all the way up."

I tried licking from below, dragging it between her lips all the way up. Emily moaned and squirmed when I did this.

"That's good," she said. "Again."

I did it again, with a little more pressure as I now had more confidence. She moaned again.

"Wiggle your tongue. Stick it further in."

I did this. She was liking it. I pulled her lips apart a little so that I could get my tongue in deeper, and she moaned.

"Yes, that's goooood." Then, "Put a finger in the hole," she said, a hint of a struggle in her voice.

I slipped a finger in between the folds, not sure where the hole was. She moaned as my finger felt around for the hole, and groaned louder when I found it. 

Her finger slid down toward her slit, moving around at the nub near the top. "Lick my clit. Here."

I did as I was told. I licked her clit, as well as her slit some more. My finger was moving around inside her, and she was starting to writhe. "Suck on it." she said.

I wasn't sure where I was supposed to suck, and my mouth was too busy to stop and ask. Emily didn't sound like she was able to speak too well any more anyway. I sucked on her clit, I sucked on her lips, and I licked as well, alternating, as she reacted well to it all. My finger was still inside her, feeling around at the smooth, wet, velvety hole that I had found. I used a finger to rub her clit when I wasn't licking or sucking on it. Nearly everything I was doing was getting a good response from Emily, and I was turned on as well. 

Emily was moving her hips up and down, thrusting them toward me. Her pussy was wetter than ever, and her legs were squeezing the sides of my head. She was moaning and groaning and I attacked her pussy even more. She was heading towards a climax, and getting there fast.

Emily let out a loud groan, thrusting her hips up and out, squeezing my head with her legs, and pounding her hands on the cushions. After a few moments she started to come down, releasing the pressure on my head. Her pussy juice had soaked my mouth, but I hadn't been able to get away. I moved my mouth off her as soon as I could, but kept my fingers working on her slowly for a bit longer. Finally she pushed me away. She lay there, slumped on the couch with her legs splayed open obscenely, not caring what she looked like. Not realizing what she looked like. 

"That was very good," she said dreamily. She opened her eyes and looked at me, smiling. "You learn fast."

Straightening herself up, she said, "Now you have to do Laura. You have to do the same thing to her. Drive her wild."

I had forgotten about Laura. I looked over at her. She had been sitting beside me watching us. A strange look of desire was on her face. When Erin patted the couch cushion, Laura crawled up and sat there. She pulled her pants down over her hips, onto her thighs, and looked at me. I reached over and finished pulling them down, then off. I crawled over to her legs. They remained together, so I placed my hands on her knees and pushed them apart. They went easily, and I crawled in between them.

Laura looked anxious. She was breathing hard. Her eyes were large. She was leaning forward, but she sat on the edge of the couch, as Emily had. I reached up and placed my hand on her crotch. She had more hair than Emily had. I rubbed my hand on her mound, then let my fingers slide down into her crack, following it down and feeling where her hole was. Her pussy was wet. Very wet. I let my finger push into her hole, making her gasp.

"Go slow," Emily said. "It's her first time." 

That struck me as strange. It was my first time, too. Well, my second time now. And what about Emily. Wasn't it her first time? Maybe she knew more than I thought she did. But I didn't have the time or presence of mind to think much about it.

I lowered my mouth to her pussy. I slipped my tongue into her slit and licked from the bottom to the top. Slowly. Just enough pressure to get my tongue in between her lips. I was trying to use a little technique this time. I didn't know if I was learning how to do it or not, but Laura let out a loud, long squeal that made me feel like I had. I licked her slit some more, stuck my finger in her hole, and licked and sucked on her clit. All the things Emily had taught me to do. 

As I was concentrating on Laura's pussy, I felt a hand on my cock. It was Emily, squeezing and stroking my swollen member. For a moment I wasn't sure I could continue attacking Laura's pussy, but after the initial shock I went back to concentrating on her. I kept it up, noticing some small differences in the reactions between the two girls. Hopefully I would have more chances to examine those differences in the future.

Laura was getting close. Her legs started squeezing my head just like Erin's had done. I really attacked her pussy hard. I wanted it over with at this point. My mouth was sore, my tongue was tired, I was having trouble breathing, and I didn't really like my head in another vise-like grip. Plus Emily's hand was still stroking my cock, pulling down straight toward the floor. For a moment a thought of me being a cow getting milked flashed through my mind, but it was a fleeting thought. As if eating two pussies wasn't enough to excite me, the stroking was bringing me closer to cumming. 

Laura was squealing and squeezing, and soon her orgasm hit. My head was trapped between her legs. She was in another world, her orgasm and aftershocks lasting longer than Emily's had. At first I wanted to get my face out of her crotch, but then my mind went to my crotch. Emily was stoking faster, and it all had been too much for me. I was close, and I just gave in and pushed my face hard into Laura's pussy, pumped my hips, and concentrated on my eruption. It didn't take long. I spewed out as my cock was pulled underneath me. I had been excited, and finally it was over. It felt like a relief that I didn't need to put up with it any more. I relaxed, only to realize that I was still held between Laura's legs. 

Laura was just starting to relax. I pulled my head out as soon as I could, breathing fresh air for the first time in a long time. I was dazed. But I was also proud of myself for what I had done to these two girls. I had learned something about eating pussy, and had pleased them both. 

Laura was still woozy, but she was able to turn her head toward Emily and say, "That was so much better than doing it myself."