 The day after I finally lost my virginity, Laura and I talked about it. She wanted to know how I felt.

"Oh, man, I feel great. No wonder everybody talks about sex all the time. There's nothing like it."

One thing had puzzled me, so I asked. "Why didn't you want to do it? Was it me? Was it because there were three of us?"

Laura got a huge grin on her face. "God, I loved being there. Watching you two screwing, and being so close... that was so damn hot I couldn't believe it! I think I like watching. Maybe when I start having sex I'll do it with people watching. Seriously! Just being naked in front of you two is exciting, but that was unbelievable!"

"Then you didn't want to have sex with me," I stated.

""Oh, no, not at all," she corrected. "It wasn't you. I think it would be great to have sex with you." She looked at me with a sexy, flirty, smile. "And some day I hope I find out." Then her face became more serious. "I'm just not ready to do it yet. Understand?"

"Well, no," i answered honestly. "But it certainly is your decision. I won't pressure you. But let me tell you, if it's anything for girls like it was for me, you're missing out on a lot." 

I added, "How is it for girls? I mean, how is Emily?"

"Oh, Emily couldn't quit talking about it. She loved it. It sure erased the idea she had about sex from that shithead Brad."

"Really?" I liked the sound of that. It made me feel good about myself.

"Oh, yeah. Emily thinks I should definitely do it. She said you'd make me a new woman."

"Whenever you're ready," I grinned.

"Well, are you ready for more?" I looked puzzled, so she went on. "Emily wants to do some more. Maybe some experimenting."

"Experimenting?" I was shocked. Again. "I don't know what that means, but I think I'm definitely interested."

"You can find out in about an hour," she smiled. "Emily's coming over." 

**********

The first thing Emily did when she got there was to come up to me, give me a kiss, and a big hug. 

"Thank you," she said. "I loved yesterday. It felt sooo gooood!"

I agreed. "Yeah, it was great. But I should thank you." 

"It wasn't just the sex. That was great. But that experience with Brad was bad. I thought of it so often. And I was thinking maybe that was how sex really was, at least for me. Now I know it's not. And all that Brad stuff is, well, not gone, but it helps."

Without much more talking, we found ourselves slowly removing each other's clothes. We joked, giggled, and generally enjoyed ourselves doing it. There was no rush, no desperation, just a really enjoyable activity. Of course, we were getting excited, too. At least we could tell I was.

With our clothes off and our hands all over each other, we had gotten into Laura's room. Emily seemed to have things planned.

"Get on the bed," she told me. "On your back."

I did as she said, my erection sticking proudly up into the air.

She looked at Laura. "You straddle his head and let him eat you out."

We were both surprised, but certainly willing. Laura put her knees on either side of my head, her back to the headboard. Her pussy blocked my view of anything else. Well, what else would I want to look at with her pussy that close? I raised my hands up to her crotch, feeling along her slit. It was only the slightest bit damp, but when I found her hole with my finger I found more wetness.

Emily placed her hands on Laura's thighs. "Lower yourself down. Let him lick your snatch."

Laura did just that, and so did I. I licked along her slit as far as I could reach, then put my hands on her thighs to move her a little so that I could reach my tongue from one end to the other. Then I put my thumbs in her slit and pulled them apart, allowing my tongue to get deeper. 

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh." Laura liked that.

"Lick the whole way. Flatten your tongue as you lick," Emily was telling me. "Back to front. Side to side."

Laura was getting wet now, and moaning.

"Oh, yeah, make her moan," Emily said.

"Oh, yeah, make me moan," Laura said. "Ooooooooh."

Emily giggled. I felt like it, but my mouth was full of cunt. I found her hole and stuck my tongue in it as far as I could reach, making Laura moan again.

I opened my mouth as far as I could, taking as much of Laura's cunt into it as I could. I sucked as much as I was able. Laura moaned again, and then I let loose with a loud moan, causing Laura to squeal.

My moaning was caused by Emily. She had grabbed my penis with her hand, squeezing hard and pulling the skin down the shaft. A big surprise, a little pain, a wonderful feeling. She rotated my shaft around in a circle. A large, slow circle. I almost forgot what I was doing in Laura's pussy, but then I returned my concentration to it. She was soaking. 

The bed moved, and my penis was being rubbed on something wet. A cunt! My cock was being rubbed on a cunt! On Emily's cunt! She had straddled me and was rubbing my cock on her cunt. Then I felt her place it at her hole and into her pussy. She slowly impaled herself on my shaft, causing a terrific sensation in my groin. It caused Laura to react as well, because I raised up my head into her pussy, groaning and sucking harder.

Emily was slowly sliding herself on my pole, and I was working hard on Laura. Laura was getting close. She was thrashing around, back and forth, moaning and groaning. With her moving around, I thought I caught a glimpse of Emily's arms, stretched out in front of her. I could only imagine where they went. Yes, I could imagine it. She must be holding onto Laura's tits! Yes, I'll bet she was. They were facing each other, she must be. I felt my cock throb as this image went through my mind. But I didn't have much more time to think about it, as Laura started climaxing. 

"YES! OH! YES! MMMMMMMMM! YESSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!! Laura mashed her cunt down on my face as she came. I was struggling for breath. My mouth was wide open, giving her pleasure, but I was really just gasping for air. She eased up on me as she calmed down. 

Emily had quit pumping on me when Laura started cumming. She lifted herself off and leaned forward, as the girls embraced. When Laura lifted herself off me, Emily told me to get up and she sat Laura down on the bed.

"Are you okay?" she asked Laura.

"Oh, yes," Laura answered dreamily.

"Want some more?"

Laura's eyes got as big as saucers, then she just smiled at Emily and nodded. 

Emily reached around and took my erection in her hand. My cock had relaxed a little, but just slightly. Emily soon had it at full strength. Keeping a firm grip on it, she bent over and aimed my cock at her pussy from behind. She slid it up her slit, finding her hole. I pushed in.

Emily was now on all fours. I was fucking her doggie style, and then came the biggest surprise of the day. Emily leaned in between Laura's legs and started licking her pussy. My God! She was licking her pussy! I started driving into her cunt with more force. My cock was sliding fairly easily. Her cunt walls were tight, but didn't resist all that much. She was very slippery, and I was driving hard. As I watched her licking Laura's pussy more, I pounded into Emily's cunt more. I was amazingly aroused, and in a surprisingly few minutes my cum came bursting out, splashing her pussy. I kept pounding, not able to slow down until all of my cum was gone. I pushed in deep and held it, watching Emily munching.

Laura had been going crazy. She hadn't had time to calm down from her first orgasm before Emily had started eating her out. Actually, she had had an orgasm while I was fucking Emily, and now she had her third one, exploding again on Emily's mouth.

I was playing with Emily's clit as I kept my cock in her pussy. My erection had not completely subsided with all of the stimulation. Emily was struggling with her stimulation as well, with my cock inside her, my fingers rubbing her clit hard, her mouth in Laura's cunt, and now I noticed that Laura's hands were clasped onto Emily's tits. She was pulling hard, very hard as her orgasm hit. Emily couldn't be expected to withstand this assault on so many erogenous centers at once, and finally she let go with a screaming, heart-stopping orgasm. She screamed into Laura's pussy, pulled away from her pussy and screamed, and fell off to the side, whimpering.

I was still on my knees with my dick half erect, bouncing in the air, watching Emily curled up in the fetal position and Laura leaning her head back against the headboard, her arms hanging limply to her sides and her legs spread wide, her cunt staring straight at me. Finally I relaxed and sat, staring at these two lovely, earth-shaking women.

"How did you come up with that?" i asked Emily, still trying to comprehend what we had just done.

"Oh," she replied in a halting voice, still a bit out of breath. " My sister."

"What? Your sister?" I was surprised. For some reason I asked, "How old is she?"

"21. We talk about sex a lot. She wants me to know about stuff."

"Stuff?" I repeated. "Yeah, I like stuff."