 We were driving home from somewhere, one of my best buddies driving. Laura was in the front seat with Johnny. I was in the back, between Emily and her friend, Brianne, Somehow Emily and Laura had come back to the car with Brianne, offering her a ride home. I didn't mind at all when I ended up in the middle. Emily, of course, was a very cute, petite girl with a great body. Round, firm breasts a little bigger than a handful. I knew it quite well. Laura had a similar build. I knew it quite well, too. Brianne was a little taller than they were, and her breasts were much larger. They stood out from her chest, hanging down in front, showing a lot of cleavage when she wore the right thing. No, I didn't mind being squeezed in beside her.

The conversation included a lot of sex talk, of course, and much of it was pretty personal. Brianne was finding out more about me than I really was comfortable with. And when Emily held my hand to her breast, I figured there were not going to be many secrets. I must say Brianne seemed to be fine with it all. 

"He has very nice hands," Emily said to Brianne. "You should try it."

Brianne smiled but didn't say anything. I looked at her face but couldn't tell what she was thinking. Probably getting ready to slap me if I moved a hand toward her.

"Go on," Emily said to me. When I didn't reply she took my hand and pushed it into Brianne's breast. I expected that slap, or a scream, but she just sat there. When Emily moved her hand, mine nearly slid off the breast, but Brianne moved her hand and held it there. Oh, this was getting interesting.

Little did I know. Emily's hand drifted to my crotch. The girls looked at each other and smiled. I squeezed Brianne's breast, and she shifted in her seat, facing a little more towards me. 

"Feel good?" Emily asked Brianne.

"Oh, yeah," she answered.

"Feels good!" Emily said, smiling and looking at my crotch. "Real good."

When she started to pull my zipper down, I whispered, "Emily!"

She looked up innocently and kept going. Then she reached in, fishing around for my penis. It was pretty hard by now, and difficult to pull out. Brianne reached down and pulled the side of my pants open to make it easier. It worked. Emily pulled it out, with some difficulty. Brianne gasped when she saw it, and both girls laughed. 

Laura turned around and said, "Oh, my God! What are you doing?"

"Well," Emily said, "I think you can tell for yourself."

Johnny nearly drove off the road when he had to turn enough to see what was happening. 

"Want to help?" Brianne asked Laura, jokingly.

"I've already done it," she answered, which made Brianne gasp again, then smile and laugh.

"It's your turn," Emily said to Brianne. "We've all had it."

Brianne reached down slowly and held my cock, squeezing it and rubbing, sending chills throughout my body.

"You've ALL had him?" Brianne asked.

Emily started to answer, but was interrupted by Johnny. "NOT ME," he shouted. I think he saw Brianne in the mirror, looking at him when she asked that. "I know nothing about this!"

"Let him see your breast," Emily said.

Brianne pulled her top up so that her breast was uncovered. She pulled her bra cup down to make it naked. I reached my hand over and covered it, feeling a large nipple, my cock throbbing more.

Johnny was trying to look as much as possible. "Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck!" he repeated, barely able to stay on the road.

"We're almost to my house," Laura announced to everyone. "Want to continue this inside?"

Everyone mostly looked at Brianne. "Okay," she said.

We tucked ourselves back into our clothes and pulled into the driveway. We scrambled out of the car and into the house, then noone knew what to do.

Breaking the ice, Laura said, "Now, where were we?" She reached over and unzipped me again.

"Why always me?" I asked.

""Because you have the cock," said Emily. "Oh, but we have another one now," stepping toward Johnny and placing her hands on his chest. 

Brianne helped Laura open my pants and take them off me. By the time I was standing there waving in the air, Emily had a good start on Johnny's pants. As my dick was being attacked, Johnny's pants came off. His dick was fully erect, and with everything going on I still managed to note with relief that my dick was bigger than his. Guys are so competitive.

I tugged at the bottom of Brianne's top and pulled it upwards. She helped me pull it over her head, and I closed my hands around her breasts. Her bra was a heavier material than Emily's and Laura's. Perhaps because it had so much more to hold. It was not nearly as soft, but it still felt wonderful. Brianne's eyes went slowly shut and a smile spread over her face. 

Laura had taken off her own top while Emily removed Johnny's shirt, leaving him naked. I started to work on unclasping Brianne's bra, which wasn't very easy for me to do yet, while she pulled my shirt off me. As Johnny got Emily's top and bra off, we were all naked except for Laura's bra, which disappeared quickly. Everyone's hands were touching body parts as much as possible. We all collapsed onto the floor in a group, and our hands drifted onto other people.

I paid most of my attention to Brianna. Her hands were all over my body, including my dick, but my hands concentrated on her tits and pussy. She seemed quite turned on quickly. My hand slid between her legs with the intention of slowly getting her hot, but she was already sopping wet. My fingers slid into her crack almost by itself, and my finger found its way into her hole. That caused the first deep, loud moan that I had heard. 

Her hand had found a firm grasp on my prick. She was squeezing and pulling at it Since we had stopped rolling around as much, she started stroking it with smooth, steady strokes. My hips started stroking into her hands as well, while I paid more attention to her tits.

Her tits. They were so different than others I had seen - and felt, including Laura's and Emily's. Brianna's were large and hung down on her, but they still had a beautiful shape and pushed up and out at the ends. And they had such huge aureoles. Her aureoles covered such a large part of her big tits, and they were much darker as well. Then her nipples rose up from them, so thick and hard and long. I thought Emily's were big, but these were twice that size. Maybe more. Playing with her nipples excited me so much. It was like extra genitals on her body that no-one else had. I pushed and prodded, twisted and pulled, and attacked them with my mouth. My teeth bit on them and my tongue licked them Her large tits were wonderful, but her huge nipples were mind-blowing. 

Brianne was thrusting on my fingers, two were in her pussy now, and I had been on automatic with that hand. I still enjoyed her tits but turned more of my attention to her cunt. I flattened my hand on her mound while my fingers reamed her pussy. I rubbed my palm on her clit, and she soon was groaning in orgasm. She wasn't as loud as the other girls, but it was definitely a strong orgasm. 

"Now you," she said when she was finished.

That wasn't necessary, but it made me feel better for what I was about to do. I had started rolling over on top of her, my cock captured between our bodies. I reached down and pulled it down between her legs. My hips pumped as my cock slid along her slit, and I rubbed against her clit. She was groaning again, perhaps another orgasm approaching. 

I thought of Emily's story, and didn't want to do that to anyone else. I looked at Brianna, with my cock poised at her hole, and softly asked, "Okay?"

She looked at me, her eyes wide and a little wild, and nodded her head quickly and violently. I didn't know what I would have done if she had said no. Her hips pushed a little toward my dick.

I sunk my cock into Brianne's hole, going all the way in with one hard stroke. Her vagina wasn't as tight as Emily's, but it was still snug. Air burst out of her as she groaned at the harsh intrusion. I realized that perhaps I shouldn't have pushed into her so hard, but it seemed right at the time. She shoved her hips up at me with passion, trying to get me as deep as I could go. My balls were slapping her ass with each stroke into her hot pussy, and we both grunted each time I hit bottom. 

Johnny and the other girls had been pleasuring each other. He was just entering Emily when I looked over. Laura was guiding his cock into Emily's pussy with one hand, while her hand was on Emily's tit. How hot!

I couldn't watch, though, as I was consumed with Brianna. I was quickly building up to my orgasm when a hand grabbed my balls. I quickly checked the number of hands and accounted for both of Brianna's. It must be Laura's hand pulling my balls. It took just a few more strokes for my cum to burst into Brianna's cunt. I pumped fast and hard with each spurt, finally holding it in at full depth when they were mostly over.

Laura had let go of my balls but Brianna was still pumping her hips on my cock. My erection didn't subside as her cunt walls squeezed my cock and I watched Johnny pounding Emily. Laura now grabbed his balls. He was pounding slow but hard into her, pulling out slowly, then shoving it in as hard as he could go, holding it in deep for a moment before starting over. Both were sweating a lot. 

Brianna's pumping continued as I held on. Her cunt walls closed in on my cock as she spasmed with another orgasm, this time a little more loudly. She shook as her body settled to the floor, moaning happily, and her eyes settled on the rutting couple beside us. 

I reached over and covered Laura's pussy with my hand. She raised up at the surprise, but settled her body onto my hand, wiggling it into my palm. Her pussy was as wet as Brianna's had been, and my finger found her hole and slid in. She leaned over on me and her head fell to the floor beside Brianna, leaving her ass sticking up in the air with my hand working on her. Laura's hand reached up and closed over Brianna's tit. I watched as she felt her fleshy tit, then settled on her huge nipple. Laura seemed enthralled by it as well and, to my surprise and excitement, Brianna seemed to like it. 

Johnny moaned loudly as he plunged into Emily with his orgasm. That got Laura's attention and she reached for Emily's tit with her other hand. Laura was now kneeling between the two couples with her ass high in the air, my hand working her pussy from behind, and her hands reaching to either side of her. She played with both girls' tits and nipples, as if comparing sizes. In just a few moments Emily went straining into her orgasm, screaming in relief. Her pussy muscles must have been squeezing Johnny's cock, as he suddenly raised up as well as pushing into her crotch.

The same happened to me. I felt Brianna's pussy clenching my cock as she had yet another orgasm just as Laura bit down on her nipple. My cock had stayed hard watching the other action, and Brianna's spasms made it start throbbing again. My fingers in Laura's pussy paid off about this time, as she reared up with a scream, pushing my fingers deep into her cunt. I felt her contractions on my fingers as she pushed on me. 

I finally pulled my cock out of Brianna's pussy. Unfortunately, or fortunately, it had not lost its erection. Emily saw this and shifted over toward me. Everyone was catching their breath as Emily wrapped her fingers around my shaft and began pumping hard. Her mouth came down around it, her hand still pumping at the base. In less than two minutes I spewed out a tiny load of cum with my second orgasm. I collapsed on the floor with the rest of them, as we lay there in a pile of naked bodies.

After a while we regained our composure. Brianna said, "My God."

Emily asked what time it was, and we realized it was getting late. She looked at Brianna and asked if she was okay.

"I'm sore," she said. "But great. I never expected anything like that when you invited me here. I know you said I'd probably get screwed, but oh my God! I didn't expect to be in a group! Or to cum 5 times!"

"Five times?" Johnny asked.

"Yeah, maybe. I'm not sure. Maybe four. Maybe some really, really, long ones. All I know is that you guys rock!"

It sounded like the girls had set me up again. Brianna seemed to know more was involved with the ride home than I did. And I didn't give a shit.