 A few miles into her hike, Cara was aching. It wasn't because the trail was hard, or that she was out of shape. The ache radiated from her between her legs. She was sure her cutoffs had been comfortable last time she'd worn them, but today, they rode up and were pressing hard against her clit with every step.

"God damn it," she whispered. The pretty 20-year-old was camping with her friend, and she hadn't seen another soul in the vast woods all day, but it wasn't like she could just drop her pants in the middle of the forest. If anyone saw her, she'd die of embarrassment. Although at this point, maybe all it would take was a touch, just a few seconds of work with her fingers... Cara bit her full lower lip as she rounded a corner, looking from side to side for a place to sneak off the trail.

Suddenly, she shrieked, tripped, and fell. Half hidden behind a tree, she'd seen a pair of eyes watching her.

"Oh my god, I am so sorry," someone said. "Are you okay?"

She tried to answer but could only groan. A man squatted down beside her, and despite the pain shooting through her ankle, she noticed he was cute: blonde hair, brown eyes, lean and muscular. 

"My ankle," she said. She realized her face was scrunched up in pain and tried to smooth her features. 

Seriously, Cara, stop, she told herself. Like you'd ever fuck some guy you randomly met in the forest, even if your ankle weren't...

She pulled her leg up to look.

"Can you move it?" he asked.

Gingerly, she wiggled it, and felt a spike of pain.

"Ow," she said through gritted teeth.

"Do you mind if I touch it?" The guy asked.

"Go ahead," she said.

As he looked down at her foot, she stole a glance at his face. God, he was hot. If she hadn't gotten hurt, she'd never have had the courage to talk to him.

"Ow!" she yelped when he gently touched her hiking shoe.

"Yikes. Um... I'm Dean, by the way," he said, offering his hand.

"Oh. Hi. Um, I'm Cara." She quickly wiped her hand before shaking his, which was broad and strong.

"God, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to scare you. I guess you didn't hear me walking."

Walking? She could have sworn he was standing still. But her mind had been elsewhere, she remembered, and felt her face flush.

"It's not your fault," she said quickly. "I mean, I just happened to find the one rock on this whole part of the trail to trip over." 

"Bad luck," he said. His brown eyes looked at her warmly.

"Yeah." 

"Where's your campsite?" 

"It's a few miles down the trail."

"Well, shit."

"Yeah."

"Is anyone with you?"

"My friend. But she's biking all day."

"Maybe you better come back to my camp. It's like a hundred yards that way." He pointed back where he'd come from, and she saw there was a narrow trail leading off the main one. 

Cara bit her lip again. She didn't want to intrude, and she couldn't possibly talk to a guy this hot without making a total idiot of herself.

"If you rest it awhile, it might feel better. And we're only a couple miles from the road. If you want, a couple of us could carry you to the car and take you to town."

"Oh, no, you don't have to do that," she said, blushing at the thought of his arms around her. "I have some aspirin in my bag. I'll take some of that and maybe I'll be able to walk after awhile, or something," she babbled. She had her doubts, but what was she supposed to do?

He helped her up. She tried to walk, but she could barely put any weight on her foot. He wrapped a well-muscled arm around her, but even then, she could only hobble. Finally, she let him carry her. It would have been nice if he had swept her up in his arms, but of course he carried her piggyback. 

Even with the pain coming from her ankle, the throb between her legs returned, and it was even stronger. The pace of her weight shifting back and forth reminded her of a steady fucking rhythm. Her breasts brushed against his shoulders and her nipples were hard under her shirt. She had her arms over his shoulders and she could feel his pecs lightly move under her fingertips.

"Is it much further?" she asked, her voice breathy. "Do you need a rest or anything?" She did.

"We're about halfway there," he said. "Don't worry about it, you're not heavy." 

She bit her lip. God, he smelled good. Not like cologne, just clean and male. As she closed her eyes to focus on the scent she arched her back unconsciously, pressing her crotch harder against the seam of her shorts.

Stop it, she told herself. This is so wrong. 

But she didn't stop. 

Oh god, she thought.

She squirmed slightly, working her clit against the hard seam of her shorts.

Oh shit. 

She squirmed again, and just then, he raised her up to adjust her weight. He lifted too high, almost throwing her, and she came down hard, her clit slamming into the seam of her shorts.

The orgasm that had been waiting all day exploded. Her body spasmed and she gripped his chest, crying out.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

Oh god oh god oh god.

"Yeah, I just, um, jostled my ankle."

"I'm sorry, I'll be more careful," he said, sounding guilty.

"It's okay," she said quickly. 

"Hey guys!" He called. "I have an injured hiker with me!"

Her heart raced. Shit, they were close. Another few steps and they might have seen her in the throes of her orgasm. And she was still flushed and sweating. And her pussy—her blush deepened just thinking the word—was wet. She prayed her shorts would hide it.

Up ahead, she saw another guy looking down the trail at them. Like Dean, he was in his twenties, and he was also pretty good-looking. 

"Hey," he said uncertainly.

"Hey Bret," Dean said. "This is Cara. She took a fall back there and jacked up her ankle pretty bad. She's gonna sit and rest awhile while we figure out how to get her back to her camp."

Bret nodded and glanced at her, then back to Dean. His expression was strained.

"That sucks," he said.

"Yeah, it looks pretty bad," Dean said pointedly.

"Hi," Cara said over Dean's shoulder. "Um, I'm sorry to crash your camp."

"It's okay," he said, but he didn't sound too thrilled. "Come on back."

Dean hoisted her again, sending another thrill through her clit. She'd thought after that orgasm she'd relax, but she was still turned on. A few more strides, and she saw the campsite. Two other attractive men were sitting by a fire pit. Jeez, did they travel in packs now?

"Here we go," Dean said. He lowered her down. She wobbled on one foot and Bret grabbed her by the waist, easily steadying her with his strong arms.

"Thanks," she said.

Dean grabbed a chair so she could sit and explained to the other guys, Ryan and Will, what had happened. He got her some ice—she couldn't believe they'd hauled it all the way out there. Boys.

"Do you want to take your shoe off?" he asked.

"I'm not sure I'd be able to get it back on," she said reluctantly. 

"Shit, that is swollen," Ryan said. He looked at her sympathetically before leaning back to brood over his beer.

"Yeah," she said. "Hopefully if I ice it for awhile I can make my way back." She doubted that was true, but she had to hope, especially since these guys were so unwelcoming.

"Yeah," Dean said. "Here, put it up on this." He brought out another chair and gently helped lift her leg up. She was glad she'd shaved. 

"Maybe one of us should go meet up with Alyssa," Bret said.

"I'll go," Will offered. He stood and stretched, and his teeshirt lifted to reveal the bottom of his six-pack and the top of a sexy happy trail. Cara wanted to grab him by the belt and...

"Our friend is camping near here and she's supposed to meet up with us," Dean explained, interrupting her thought. "We're not sure she'll be able to see the trail, though."

"I didn't," Cara said. 

There was a moment of awkward silence.

"Hey, do you want a beer?" Ryan asked, almost sighing.

"Um. Thanks, yeah," she said.

Half an hour later, she tried to walk, but it was no good. Her ankle couldn't take the slightest weight. Even with a branch to lean on and her ankle in a splint, it was clear she wouldn't make it. 

As she sat back down, she wiped tears from her eyes. She saw Ryan and Bret exchange a glance.

"Are you okay?" Bret asked.

"Yeah, it just really hurts," she said, trying to laugh the pain off. "I'll take more aspirin."

Bret handed her her bag and smiled tensely. Jeez, what was with these people? She didn't ask to be stranded at their campsite. 

"Hey guys," a female voice said behind her. She turned.

The girl was gorgeous. Her makeup was natural looking and her hair sexily mussed. She looked like she'd just stepped out of a lingerie catalog, although of course she was fully dressed in cute denim shorts and a tank top that draped over her curves. 

Who the hell goes hiking like that? Cara wondered. She was sure she herself looked sweaty and grubby. 

The guys gave Alyssa a much warmer greeting than Cara had gotten, but it was still subdued. 

"Will told me you hurt your leg," Alyssa said to Cara. She set down her pack and sat near her. She even smelled good.

"Yeah, I got startled and then I tripped on a rock," Cara said, embarrassed. 

"Oh my god, it looks swollen," she said.

"It doesn't feel too good," Cara admitted. The pain wasn't too bad after the ice, the aspirin and the beer, unless of course she tried to stand on it.

"Maybe we should try to take you to the car," Ryan said. "We could drive you to the doctor, or to your campsite."

After a long discussion, they realized that the only thing that made sense was for her to get pushed back on her friend's bike. She had nowhere to stay in town, and she couldn't drive back. She couldn't hike from the road to her campsite, and it was too far for any of the guys to carry her. 

They all seemed a little too eager for her to get out of there. She wondered what the big deal was. They were camping, what were they really going to do besides sit around in the woods?

She called her friend Stacy, who she was camping with. It went to her voicemail.

"Hey, Stace, it's Cara. I sprained my ankle pretty bad, like six or seven miles from our camp? Some guys are helping me out but I'm not sure how I'll get back, because I can't walk. I think the only way is if I borrow your bike. Um, I don't want you to have to cut your ride short, but I hope you get this soon," she said.

"How long did she think she'd be gone?" Alyssa asked.

"All day," Cara said. "Look, if you guys want to hike or whatever, I promise I won't steal your stuff." 

Alyssa laughed. "No, no one thinks that. We were planning on just hanging out."

"Cool," Cara said. She was baffled. Alyssa was being nice, but even she was clearly disappointed, or anxious, or—something. 

They made small talk for half an hour, slowly drinking beer. Cara checked her phone often, and every time she did, it seemed like everyone looked at her. Obviously, they wanted her gone, but why?

After awhile, Ryan and Dean wandered a little ways up the trail and started speaking in low tones. She couldn't hear what they were saying, but it looked intense. Alyssa wandered over to join in the debate, then Will and Bret did too. 

Now the five of them were standing forty feet away from their own campsite, where Cara was sitting alone, and having an animated conversation. It was ridiculous. She knew she wasn't a social butterfly, but she hadn't done anything terrible enough to make them all ignore her. Cara put on her pack and grabbed the walking stick. It was going to hurt, but no way was she hanging around. 

She'd made it twenty feet back down the trail when she heard Alyssa call out.

"Hey!"

She didn't stop. She heard feet jogging up behind her.

"Wait," Alyssa said, putting her hand on Cara's arm. "I'm so sorry. We didn't mean to ditch you."

"It's really fine," Cara said. "You guys are... whatever. I'm just going to go back to the main trail and wait there until my friend calls back. I don't know what's going on, but it seems like you don't want me around."

"Oh god," Alyssa sighed. "I am so, so sorry." She glanced back at the guys. "Look, I know we've been super weird and rude. We just... we kind of had a special plan for this trip."

"It's fine," Cara said. "You don't need to explain."

"I want to! I feel so bad. But I... I guess I shouldn't. You'd probably think it was really weird."

"If you guys want to do drugs or whatever, I don't care," Cara said, growing more confused.

"No, it's not that," Alyssa said. "Um..." she put her face in her hands, then looked at Cara again. "I'm sorry, this is so... look, if I tell you, will you promise to keep it a secret?"

Cara looked at her blankly. "Yeah, I guess. I don't even know any of you. I don't know who I would tell."

"Okay." She took a deep breath. "We kind of came out here to have sex."

Cara's mouth fell open.

"I know that's totally weird," Alyssa said quickly. "I just... it's something I've wanted to do for a long time, and I trust these guys, I'm attracted to them—I'm sorry, you don't want to hear this. It's just, we were looking forward to it and that's why we're being so weird."

"Oh," Cara said. "Wait, why did you come out to the middle of the woods for this?" Of all the questions going through her mind, she didn't know why she asked that one.

Alyssa sighed. "We all live in apartments and have roommates and we don't really want everyone to know."

"Well, I guess that explains... all of that," Cara said. "Thanks for telling me. I'll just go wait at the trail, like I said."

"No. Don't be silly. Come back and sit down."

"No, I don't want to be in the way."

"Oh, we won't—obviously," Alyssa quickly interrupted herself. "We'll just wait for your friend to call."

Cara sighed. "It won't be for hours," she said. She suddenly remembered her morning and laughed.

"What?" Alyssa asked.

"Nothing," she said automatically, then thought of the confession Alyssa had just made. "It's just ironic. I had such a hot dream this morning," she said brazenly.

"Really?" Alyssa giggled. "What was it about?"

"Oh. It was just about this guy I like."

"Yeah? What was he doing?"

"Well he was about to... go down on me. But I woke up," she said in a rush.

"You got dream cock-blocked!" Alyssa said.

"And now I am a cock-block," Cara said, making a face.

"It's not your fault," Alyssa said. "You didn't ask to get stuck here."

"I still feel bad," Cara said.

"No, we feel bad," Alyssa said. "The guys are all even more shy about this than I am, but I promise, they feel like jerks."

Cara wobbled and Alyssa reached out an arm to steady her. "Will you please come sit down? I mean what else are you going to do, really?"

Cara hesitated. "I guess. But..."

"But?"

"Look, if you want to just go ahead and do your thing, I can, you know, look away or something," she said. What did she care? It was so brave of Alyssa—she wished she had that kind of courage.

Alyssa's face brightened. "That is so nice of you to offer. Are you sure? I don't know if the guys would go for it, but we don't want to make you feel uncomfortable."

"You know what? It's fine. I mean, I can sit down here, you guys can go up there." She gestured to the area beyond the fire circle, where the tents were set up.

"Thanks for being so open-minded," Alyssa said. "Look, I don't know you, obviously, and I don't want to freak you out, but if you wanted to join in, I'm sure the guys would be into it."

"Oh, no," Cara said quickly. "I don't think I could do that." She'd only had sex with a couple guys, and that was in bed, with the lights off.

"Sorry, I just didn't want you to think you're not... um, hot? God, this is awkward," Alyssa said. "Look, come sit down, I'll explain to the guys."

Cara limped back with Alyssa's help. Walking had been a bad idea, and she was grateful Alyssa had brought her back. Even though this was sure to be a strange experience, she had to admit she was curious—and still a little turned on. 

"I explained to Cara," Alyssa said when they reached the men. "She said it was okay if we went ahead. I don't know about you guys, but I think if we go out of sight it'll be fine."

The men were all speechless. Ryan was bright red, and none of them could meet her eyes.

"Cara, are you sure it wouldn't make you uncomfortable?" Dean asked.

"It would be a little weird," Cara admitted, "but I don't have to watch or anything. I don't want you guys to miss your... fun, and it looks like I'm not going anywhere for awhile."

"You are one dope chick," Will said appreciatively. 

"I'm sorry if we were rude," Ryan said. "We were just, ah..."

"Don't worry about it," Cara said quickly.

"Why don't we all just chill for a minute?" Dean suggested. "I could use another beer. Anyone else?"

Cara quickly accepted.

They sat and drank, and this time the conversation flowed much more easily. The guys were funny—and way cuter when they didn't look so grim. Cara could see why Alyssa picked them. Time went on, and no one made a move. 

She thought maybe it wasn't going to happen, and couldn't decide if she was relieved or disappointed. Then she saw Alyssa start to rub Bret's arm. Soon, she got up and sat in his lap. After a few whispered words, they kissed: first gently, then deeply. Alyssa hopped up and held out her hand.

He got up, and they headed to the clearing past where some of the tents were set up. He caught Cara's eye — accidentally? - as he walked and she felt a thrill so electric she almost gasped out loud. 

The rest of the group struggled to make small talk for a few minutes, then one by one, the boys excused themselves until only Dean was left with Cara. A bank of tall grass stood between where they were sitting and the clearing. She couldn't see much, but she could hear some moans and wet, fleshy sounds.

"You can..." she tilted her head towards the clearing. "I really don't mind. I might even take a nap. This made me kind of sleepy," she said, lifting her beer, although she thought she was way too turned on to sleep. 

"I—I might," he said, not looking at her. "If you want to take a nap, you're welcome to that tent."

"Okay," she said reluctantly. It was on their side of the bank of grass, and she wouldn't be able to see anything from in there. On the other hand, she wanted to let Dean go join in, and she thought he might be too shy with her sitting there. She got up and hobbled to the tent. She wondered why he wasn't helping her. She wanted to feel his strong arms around her again.

In the tent, she sat on a sleeping bag and glanced toward the grass. She stifled a gasp. She actually had a better view from there: the tent had a window, and the grass was thinner. Alyssa was sitting on Ryan's lap, bouncing away, and she was enthusiastically sucking Will's cock. Bret moved around: playing with her breasts, pulling her hair, smacking her ass, stroking himself. His hand slid between her legs.

He's going to rub her clit, Cara thought. Her own fingers twitched. Alyssa stopped sucking Will's dick as Bret's arm moved.

"Oh god," she said. "Oh fuck. Yes. Fuck me. Give me that cock. I'm coming, I'm COMING." She collapsed forward onto Ryan. 

Cara's hand was trembling on top of the crotch of her shorts. What if they saw her watching? They'd call her a pervert. They'd be so mad. They'd strip off her clothes. Alyssa would smack her ass the way Bret was smacking Alyssa's now. Then they'd fuck her. All of them. 

Breathing hard, she glanced towards the door of the tent. The slight movement made the sleeping bag slither loudly beneath her, and she cringed. Were they looking? She couldn't see Dean, so he shouldn't be able to see her. But he still wasn't in the clearing. She pressed her hand over her crotch. The angle wasn't quite right. She shifted, and the sleeping bag made another loud noise.
