 They had talked of going to a swing club several times, but tonight they had decided to actually do it. He had spent time looking at swing club directories on the Internet and had discovered that there was one located within a 3 hour drive of where they lived. He had been surprised, in fact, at just how many websites he had found for such groups. Apparently, they were not alone in their curiosity.

The idea of watching other people have sex had always appealed to them and they had discussed what it would be like to be watched by others as well. He sometimes would fantasize when they were together that they were on a kind of a stage while other people watched. He imagined the other men, and women, becoming aroused at seeing his wife’s full breasts flushed with arousal as he licked and sucked her nipples. Then he would kiss his way down her body until he was between her legs and when she gasped as his tongue touched her there for the first time, he imagined that he could hear women in the audience gasp slightly as well. As his tongue would explore her wetness and her body would begin to quiver, he would hear the sounds of rustling clothing and soft sighs and moans coming from the group of people who were becoming aroused as they watched. He would imagine them touching each other and the air would become charged with a sexual tension. When at last his tongue pushed her over the edge and she cried out, in his mind, he would hear other women experiencing their own pleasure. 

By this time, he would be so excited that he would get on his knees between her legs and sink himself into her exquisite wetness and in the fantasy they would all be watching breathlessly as his cock disappeared and then reemerged glistening with her essence. Unable to restrain themselves any longer the others would fall on one another and the room would be filled with the sounds and scents of passion and fulfillment and his own orgasm would overtake him and shake his body as she cried out again and they would hold each other tightly until the tremors passed and they were trembling in one another’s arms.

At least that was the way it always went in his fantasies. He honestly had no idea what might actually happen at the club. They had talked at length about what they would like to experience and, more importantly, what they did not want to have happen. While the idea of watching and being watched and even some touching and being touched by others appealed to them, neither of them had ever had intercourse with anyone else and they agreed that that was a line they would not cross. That was something they had given each other many years ago and was an intimacy that belonged exclusively to them. They realized that such a notion might be viewed as particularly strange in the atmosphere of a swing club but, if everything he had read about the lifestyle was true, other people would respect their decision. Besides there were still many things that could be fun if everyone involved agreed.

At any rate, after all the discussions and all the fantasies, here they were preparing to visit a club for the first time. They had driven to the area earlier that day and had checked into a hotel. Neither of them said much as they readied themselves. Both of them were quietly contemplating what the evening might bring. He watched her standing in front of the mirror, brushing her hair. She had just stepped from the shower and slight wisps of steam still rose from her naked body. She was so incredibly beautiful. Her breasts were naturally large and full and the voluptuousness of her body made his pulse quicken. He knew that she worried about the way she looked but in the 20 years they had been together his desire for her had only grown stronger. The pleasures her soft curves had brought him were something that he craved and would never ever get enough of. Looking at her and imagining others taking in her beauty, especially when she was aroused, caused a stirring in him and he was tempted to take her in his arms right then and lose himself in those sweet pleasures, but he resisted and thought again of what might happen tonight.

He had never imagined that any woman would give herself over to the joy of sex as much as she did. She would abandon herself to it and her ability to orgasm repeatedly never ceased to amaze and fascinate him. Sometimes he would become so caught up in making her cum that she would have to plead with him to stop so she could breathe. He never tired of seeing her aroused and was convinced that it would be just as exciting for others to see as well. In fact, he wanted others to see her and he hoped that it would happen at the club. 

When they were ready they walked to the car and he held the door open for her. She slid into the seat and he admired the flash of her legs as she rearranged her skirt. It was a light breezy skirt and she had perfectly complemented it with a blouse that was cut low in the front to reveal her creamy cleavage. He went around and got in the car and started the engine. Turning his head so that he could back out, he noticed again the swell of her breasts and imagined the possibility that he would be undressing her and revealing her to other admiring eyes. 

They drove through the night, talking quietly and holding hands and soon they were at their destination. He parked the car and got out to open her door for her. Their eyes met and he took her hand. “I love you,” he said and she smiled and kissed him. It was a soft, moist kiss that they lingered over for a moment. He could feel her excitement in her lips and in her body and knew that it matched his own. 

Hand in hand they entered the building and saw that there were many other couples already there. They had agreed on this club because it was for couples only. While they did not know exactly what to expect they had thought that someplace that only allowed couples would probably be more comfortable than one where there might be a lot of single men cruising. 

The room they were in was a large one with a bar along one side and a number of tables and even some booths on one wall. People sat in small groups visiting and eating and the atmosphere seemed relaxed. They were greeted by an attractive woman who asked them if they had ever been there before. When they told her that they had not, she explained how the membership worked and briefly described the facilities and introduced them to another woman who said she would take them on a quick tour of the place. Both women were very friendly and welcoming. 

On the tour they learned that in addition to the room that they had entered there was an area with a small dance floor surrounded by a number of small couches and love seats. They were then led down a hallway and into another room in the back where there were more couches and a number of TV sets that were showing x-rated movies. Beyond that room was another hallway off of which were several smaller rooms with beds in them. Their guide explained that it was permissible to engage in whatever activities they wanted to in any of the areas if they were comfortable. The smaller rooms did have locks on the doors if they wanted more privacy. Some also had windows on the hallway but it was their choice if they wanted to leave the curtains open or not. Since it was still early, all of the rooms were empty and the whole place was kind of quiet.

After the tour, they returned to the first room and found something to eat and drink and sat at one of the tables. Other couples sat around them and they exchanged pleasant greetings with several but the atmosphere seemed surprisingly innocent. To all appearances it could have easily been just another restaurant or nightclub. He realized that he had not really known what to expect. He supposed that perhaps he had thought that they would walk in on a giant orgy as soon as they arrived, but it was not that way at all. He honestly was not sure if he was disappointed or relieved.

After they had finished eating, they moved to the room where the dance floor was at. They watched quietly as several other couples danced noting how they moved and touched each other. Hands were roaming over bodies that were moving very closely together. Two couples brushed against one another and hands moved from their partners to touch new bodies. Here and there, flashes of flesh were revealed and a sensuality began to permeate the room. Feeling it seep into them as well, they moved to the dance floor and he took her in his arms. The music was slow and he let his hands move over her body touching her in ways that he had always wanted to in public but had never dared to before. Occasionally, other bodies would brush against theirs but instead of embarrassed apologies, smiles and knowing looks were exchanged. The eroticism of it all made them both feel warm and flushed.

When the music ended he asked her if she wanted to visit the other room. She smiled and nodded and together they made their way through the group and down the hallway and into the darkened backroom where the couches were. The only light came from the glowing television screens where erotic images of people having sex were being projected into room. They paused at the entrance and as their eyes adjusted to the lower light level they noticed that several other couples were sitting on the couches and loveseats. On one couch a couple was kissing and he could see that the man’s hands were under the woman’s blouse and that they were both breathing heavily. In another corner, a couple sat intently watching the television in front of them. The man’s pants were open and the woman was stroking his very hard cock. As they watched, the woman looked at them, smiled and then leaned over and placed her mouth over the swollen head. The man moaned and put his hand on the back of her head as he thrust his hips forward. On yet another couch a woman was laying with her head thrown back as the man between her legs licked her pussy. She was moaning softly and holding her own naked breasts in her hands, pinching the nipples.

He was very aware of his own swollen cock pressing against his pants and his wife was gripping his hand very tightly and leaning against him. It was apparent from her breathing that the scenes they were viewing were exciting her as well. Seeing a couch that was open, he led her to it and they sat together. Across from them, on another couch, were two other couples. The men did not have pants on and the women knelt between their legs sucking on their cocks. As they watched, the two women switched partners and continued sucking, then they took turns with both of them sucking on each of the men at the same time.

On their couch, he moved his hands to his wife’s breasts and began to fondle them. Her nipples had grown hard under her blouse and he rolled them between his fingertips and teased them to make them even harder. Growing ever more aroused, he finally took the bottom of her blouse and lifted it over her head until it was off of her. She was breathing very heavily and a shining lust had appeared in her eyes. With shaking hands, and realizing that one his fantasies was about to come true, he undid the clasp on her bra and pulled it off, revealing her wonderful breasts not only to him but to the two men across from them. Both men had been watching closely as he undressed her and now they feasted their eyes on the sight of her breasts just as the women between their legs feasted on their cocks. Taking her breasts in his hands, he lowered his head and began to kiss and suck on her nipples causing a sharp intake of breath from her. Through partially closed eyes she watched the two men receiving blowjobs while her husband teased her nipples mercilessly. 

On the other couch, the women had undressed completely and moved to straddle the two men. He lifted his head from his wife’s breasts long enough to watch with her as the two women settled themselves down on the two cocks. It was fascinating and unbelievably exciting to watch the cocks slide effortlessly into the two obviously very wet pussies. All four people moaned aloud and the women began to move up and down. As they did so, they leaned over to kiss one another and their breasts pressed against each other. Hard nipples brushed back forth over each other as the women moved their hips up and down and pressed their clits against the hard shafts that were buried in them.

Not able to stand the constraints of his pants any longer and feeling unashamedly brazen by this point he stood and took off his pants and released his own very hard and swollen cock. As he did so, his wife immediately took it in her hand and brought it to her mouth. He groaned aloud as he felt her lips close over it. She swirled her tongue over and around the head and eagerly licked up the precum that was flowing from it. Dizzy with desire, he held her head in his hands and thrust his cock in and out of her mouth, all the while watching the other two couples. He noticed that his wife, as well, was watching the scene across from them as she sucked hungrily on his cock. 

It was an incredibly erotic scene too. The two women were kissing and fondling each other’s breasts and bouncing faster and faster on the men. The men for their part were holding the hips of each of the women and thrusting up deeply into them. Then they moved into new positions. One man lay down on the couch and his partner moved to straddle him again but with her back to him this time. She then leaned back so that the other woman could lick her pussy and the man’s cock at the same time as they fucked. The woman who was licking was on her hands and knees and her man moved and slid his cock into her from behind. Each time he thrust into her it pushed her face tighter against the couple she was licking. 

This scene, combined with his wife’s mouth on his cock, was almost too much for him. Moving her head away, he positioned her so that she was on her hands and knees. He then lifted her skirt and pushed it up and over her hips and lowered her panties, which by now were soaked. Getting on his knees behind her he quickly thrust himself into her. He was rougher and more forceful than he usually was, but he was so aroused he simply could not help it. Instead of objecting, though, she gasped and pushed herself back on him with a force of her own. She was, he realized, feeling as frenzied as he was. She was so incredibly hot and wet that he knew that he was not going to last long. He could also tell by the sounds that she was making that she was very close. He wanted to hold off long enough to make her cum at least once before he lost it himself. To that end, he took a deep breath and began to take long strokes in and out of her. It was what she needed and she began to rush toward her first orgasm. When it hit her, she lowered her head and screamed into the cushions of the couch. With all his concentration, he fought to hold off as he thrust into her again and again.

When he knew that her orgasm has passed he opened his eyes again. He had known that if he had continued to watch the other couples, he would never have been able to hold back. But now, he opened them again, prompted by the sounds one of the women was making. The woman who was being licked while she rode her man had been watching him and his wife and his wife’s orgasm had touched off her own orgasm, helped no doubt by the cock in her pussy and the tongue on her clit. She began to buck and shudder and opened her mouth wide in a noiseless, breathless cry. This set off the woman who had been licking her, who also began to cum. The man behind her groaned and thrust his own orgasm deep into her. The first woman bounced so violently that she actually came off of her man’s cock but the second woman quickly grabbed it and with her hand sliding easily over it because it was so wet pumped it until the cum shot out all over the woman on top of him. As it shot out, she moved to lick it off the other woman’s breasts and stomach.

Watching all of this unfold before him was simply too much and he began to thrust deeply and forcefully into his wife. His orgasm was a runaway train that he could not stop if his life depended on it. It began in his deepest regions and spread throughout his body and exploded over him with a force that nearly blinded him. But even through the torrent rushing from him, he could feel his wife shuddering through a series of her own orgasms. Time and space lost all meaning for those few moments until at last the peak passed and he gradually slowed his thrusting and finally stopped, spent and shaking, with his hands on her hips and her pussy pulsing around him.

For a few moments, all three couples lay panting and looking at one another. The impact of what had just happened to them had left them all spent and quivering. The scent of sex was heavy in the air and bodies shimmered with a sheen of perspiration. He slowly slid out of her and together they lay in each other’s arms on the couch. He pulled a nearby blanket over her, she was always cold after sex, and held her closely to him. The other couples smiled at each other and at them and slowly gathered their articles of discarded clothing. As they rose to leave, words of thanks were exchanged by all and then they were gone.

Alone on the couch, they held each other and listened to the sounds of other soft moans and cries that were rising around them. It hadn’t been a stage exactly, but apparently the effect they had had on people around them was just like in his fantasy. They looked at one another and smiled. His kissed her lips tenderly and they rose to get dressed. As they made their way carefully through the room, hand in hand, they could see bodies moving in ecstasy and hear more sounds of pleasure. Incredibly, in light of what he had just experienced, he could feel stirrings in his cock again and could tell by the look in her eyes that arousal was beginning anew for her as well. But instead of staying, they exchanged a look that said they would return to explore further another time, and left together and went back to their hotel where they made love feverishly again – fueled by the memories of the pleasures they had known and the anticipation of the ones that were to come.

Copyright by The Gentle Man, 2002