 Lynne had worn her new anklet out as often as she could. She was proud of the gift Thomas had given her. She was proud of the trust, communication and sexual liberation it symbolized. It was always a turn on, on the rare occasion, when she could tell someone she was a hot-wife. It was even more of a turn on to have piece of jewelry to advertise that fact. Nobody had really noticed it on her before, at least they didn't notice what it represented, anyway. So, when she and Thomas were at the bar having drinks that night, she had no idea the bearded gentleman a few seats down, was checking it out. Thomas, however, did notice the fellow investigating the shiny advertisement and raised his glass, as if to say, "yup, it is what you think it is."

Lynne stood and excused herself to use the women's room. Thomas watched the bearded man's eyes light up when she straightened her skirt with a little wiggle before she walked off. The stranger scanned her up and down as her little shimmy caused all kinds of things to bounce around, including the anklet. Lynne walked off, oblivious to his curiosity and interest. She no sooner made the turn down the hall when the man got up and sat closer to Thomas. "The name's Steve, you mind if I buy you guys a drink?" his voice was deep, and Thomas could sense a little hesitation in it. The two men chatted for a moment before Thomas let the man off the hook.

"I seen you looking at my wife's jewelry, amongst other things," giving off a, "wink, wink, nudge, nudge," tone to the exchange. Steve turned an immediate shade of pink and began fiddling with the label on his beer, clawing at the edges of the glue paper with his short fingernails. Lynne returned from the women's room and was making her way back to the bar when she noticed Thomas smiling at a seemingly attractive man, who was nervously fidgeting with his bottle. She walked behind Steve and sat between the two men. 

"What's going on over here?" she asked Thomas as she grabbed her drink off the bar. 

"Well, my new friend Steve here, he wants to know about your pretty piece of jewelry you have draped around your ankle." Thomas, using his bottle of beer as a make shift pointer towards Lynne's feet. Now it was Lynne's turn to go pink in the face as she playfully backhanded Thomas on the arm.

"I am sorry Ma'am," Steve spoke as he turned to face the couple, "I did not mean any disrespect."

"No, it's quite alright Steve," Thomas started to reassure the stranger, "Lynne here, has been wearing this for a while now, it just has never caught anyone's attention before." Lynne clumsily pushed her hair back over her ears as the two men spoke about her. "Lynne, why don't you tell our new friend what it symbolizes and stands for," Thomas spoke sporting his typical proud smile as he rubbed his wife's back gently for encouragement. 

Lynne, who despite having a few experiences, had never been in this situation before. She looked over at Thomas, who gave an approving nod, slowly she started explaining. "The charm was a gift from my husband, it symbolizes my status as a wife," she seemed to be struggling to find words, "basically..." Lynne locked eyes with her husband and found a surge of confidence, "I can have sex with anyone that my husband..." Lynne let her gaze fall back toward Steve as she finished, "says that I can." 

Steve, feeling relieved that he was not wrong about the situation, started to relax as he talked, "I think it's awesome, I mean, I seen a video on the web about slut-wives..." his face turning pink again, as he hastily tried to apologize for saying the word slut, "I mean I'm sorry if that term offends you."

Thomas, almost spitting beer out of his mouth, made a hard swallow before interrupting, "dude, she's wearing an emblem that advertises her availability to fuck, and you're worried about offending her by using the word slut?"

Lynne, being the caring and kind woman, she was, broke in, "I think it's sweet. Steve is trying to be conscious of my feelings, that's all." She placed a hand high up on his thigh to reassure him he had, so far, said nothing offensive. She leaned in and whispered in his ear, "Besides, being called a slut kind of turns me on."

Steve continued, "Well, I seen a video on alternative lifestyles. It was about the symbols and their meanings. It made me wonder how many people I had met in my life, that had these types of situations, and I never knew." Steve's eyes shot down to Lynne's hand which was softly making its way toward his crotch. 

"Would you like a closer look, Steve?" Thomas raised an eyebrow as he asked.

Steve nodded, "sure," and then began scanning the room to see if anyone was paying attention. The bar was not a very crowded place on the best of nights, it certainly wasn't crowded now. Aside from them at the bar, the only other people there, were three older men by the pool table, and the bartender who seemed pre-occupied with her cell phone in the back office.

Steve turned back in his seat to face the couple as Lynne stood up and placed her right foot on the barstool to display the anklet. Her skirt slid up her thigh exposing more than Steve had expected. Steve coughed on his drink as he looked past the elegant trinket and up Lynne's skirt. She wasn't wearing panties, and her neatly shaven mound was completely exposed. "It's beautiful isn't it?" Thomas asked, knowing damn well what Steve was really looking at. Steve could see her neatly tucked folds were already starting to glisten, as if lightly covered in dew. The dim lights of the bar sparkled off her moisture causing Steve to bite his own lip. "Don't be afraid, she won't bite you Steve," Thomas was now egging the man on, "you can touch it if you want to."

Lynne wrapped her arm around Thomas's neck for stability and comfort. Steve pretended to study the anklet with his left hand, while his right hand made a b-line between her smooth thighs. Managing to feign attention on the jewelry, Steve lightly let his fingers glide across her creases, collecting her salty dampness along the way. He delicately ran his fingers top to bottom along the fringes of her canal, before expertly spreading her entrance with two fingers, and inserting a third. Steve secretly kept all three fingers moving in harmony, inside and out, while successfully maintaining the illusion he was thoroughly interested in the jewelry. The young bartender came out of the back to check on them and the older men in the corner, causing Steve to pause for a second without retreating. Thomas, who was an expert at distractions and flirting, started asking about drink specials. Once the bartender knew they were all doing ok, slunk away into the back again. Steve went back to playing marionette with the inside of Lynne's sweet spot, while Thomas reached over and grabbed the man's keys off the bar. Before Steve could question why Thomas was grabbing his keys, they clinked and crashed onto the floor between Lynne's legs. 

Thomas rose from his seat and as he stepped on the other side of Steve, he gave him a friendly slap on the back, "better pick those up before anyone sees you." Steve gave a quick scan of the bar, making sure nobody was paying attention. Once fairly certain the few other patrons were occupied, he stood up and leaned toward the ground. Lynne anticipating him, sat down on her husband's barstool, legs spread. Steve bobbed his head under Lynne's skirt and started devouring her right there at the bar. It could have been the fact they could be seen at any second, or it could have been how skillful Steve seemed to be with his hand and tongue. Likely, it was a sublime combination of everything that brought her so quickly to climax. Steve's fingers playing her insides like a piano, hitting all the right notes and buttons. His tongue dancing around like a graceful ballerina, hitting the most sensitive button of all. She lowered her head, letting her hair cascade around her face, raised her shoulders in effort to brace for the explosion and grabbed the bar as tight as she could. Steve could feel her warmth start to rush onto his fingers and tongue, causing him to intensify his efforts. 

Lynne managed to hold back most of her vocals until Steve picked up the pace, a final wave came thunderously crashing down from her already pulsating flume. "OH GOD!" she exclaimed, while shuttering in her seat. Steve immediately straightening himself and looking directly at the men by the pool table, "I hit my head," he said as they looked over. Steve was unconvincingly rubbing the back of his head and trying to look injured. 

"Don't go stopping on our account," the oldest of the men in the corner assured them as he rose to his feet. "Not too many exciting things happen in my bar. If it'll make you feel better, I'll lock the door." He strolled over to the door and applied the lock. "And don't worry about Kathy," he made a gesture to where the bartender kept disappearing to, "I am positive she won't mind; besides, she is not very good at her job." the old men chuckled at the joke together. Lynne, Thomas and Steve watched the man walk to the door, lock it, and cheerily smile at all three of them as he made his way back to his friends. Adjusting himself as he sat back in his seat he spoke, "Now, where we?" 

Lynne and Steve gave Thomas a nervous look as he slurred, "I guess these gentlemen expect a show," the alcohol effecting his words, and perhaps his judgement. Steve, a little uncomfortable about being caught and now expected to continue, turned so he was facing the bar and started sipping his drink. Thomas grabbed Lynne's hand and guided her to her feet, aiding her towards Steve. Placing both of her hands on Steve's back for balance, Thomas lifted her skirt and started caressing her exposed flesh. Fluffing her ass with his left hand, he started freeing himself from his pants with the other. His hardness bounced willingly as his tool was unsheathed. Lynne, still wet from her orgasm, was ready for Thomas's entrance. He slid inside her easily. Knowing she was being watched, she collapsed her head onto Steve's back. Thomas grabbed her hips and started pumping himself into his wife. Steve's body was being rocked back and forth in his seat from the movement. The three men in the corner had fully unzipped and were fondling themselves, completely aroused by the scene at the bar. 

Lynne looked over at the men, who smiled at her with their cocks in their hands. She couldn't help but watch the older men stroking themselves to her and found a growth of excitement rising from within. She stared at them while Thomas gained rhythm and force. She could feel her body releasing overflow onto Thomas's shaft and down her thighs. She wrapped her arms around Steve's waist and let go of any inhibitions she had left. Watching the strange men in the dark corner getting off to her was more than she could bare. "I am going to cum again," she attempted to say it loud enough to be heard across the room. As her climax built with raging intensity, she moved her hands to Steve's midsection and fumbled his pants undone to feel his thickness. She tugged on him aggressively as the wave of release started to come over her. "I'm cumming!" she cried out. Letting her voice be heard by so many at once was exhilarating and freeing. Thomas tightened his grasp on her hips and drove into Lynne as deep as he could, causing her orgasm to spill out onto the floor. Lynne let out a series of loud gasps and moans as she watched the men in the corner play with themselves. Thomas slowed himself while remaining embedded as Lynne continued to drip off his base. Lynne, still toying with Steve, gave her audience a seductive smile.

"That's a very beautiful woman you have there," one of the three men barked out, "why don't you put her on this table over here, so we can get a closer look." Thomas, without much hesitation removed himself from Lynne's moist heat and started walking her across the room with her skirt still bunched up above her waist. The three men stood, pants undone and fully visible, as Thomas laid Lynne on her back before them. Legs spread with Thomas between them, Lynne felt completely vulnerable and out of control. Steve finally made his way to the round table and now she was completely surrounded by hard and excited men. The visual of the five men aiming their weapons at her was exciting and stimulating. Thomas pulled her thighs closer to the edge and immersed himself once again in her tomb. Lynne watched as the four men around her massaged and tugged themselves while staring directly at her. Someone pulled her top over her head revealing her soft breasts and for a few moments she couldn't see. Feeling her husband filling her and not knowing what the others were doing was driving her crazy. She reached up for her blouse and finally peeled it off her head, and there was Steve less than inches away from her lips. No encouragement needed, she craned her neck towards him and let him disappear in her mouth. Steve, grabbing the back of Lynne's head, started gliding himself back and forth across her tongue and down her throat.

The three old men hovering over her, continued working themselves up. The anklet shined in the lights as it swayed back and forth on her foot resting on Thomas's shoulder. She felt him kiss her calf tenderly as he pumped deep inside her. With her mouth busy and her mind racing, she felt herself once again being brought to the edge. Her final eruption happened just as the first hot drop landed on her chest and sent electricity shooting up her spine. Feverishly she started rubbing the warm liquid into her breasts. More drops came showering down as the men started to moan and grunt at once. She had never felt so much cum on her skin at one time, she loved it, needed it. Thomas, after giving several frantic thrusts, pulled himself out and added to the warm satisfaction as she continued to rub it all into her skin as if for some reason, she had to absorb it all. Focused on rubbing her soaked chest and stomach Steve caught her off-guard as he dipped to the back of her throat, grabbed her hair and shook his hips. His release was thick and salty as she struggled to swallow him down. Gagging slightly, she managed to consume every bit that was deposited as he slowed his pace with every wave. She kept sucking on the man, in desperation to get all traces of him removed, until she could start to feel him soften in her mouth. 

The men were all breathing heavy as they hovered over her exposed and drenched body. She laid there, legs spread and spent with her eyes closed, taking a few moments to catch her breath. She caught a glimpse of the anklet as Thomas lowered her legs from his shoulders and smiled. The young bartender returned to find Lynne dripping from both ends and covered in white liquid. "Kathy, you want to make an extra two hundred for tonight?" the owner of the bar asked her with a cocky smile. Kathy looked over the beautiful woman and is if she somehow knew what was being asked of her, walked over to the table and knelt between Lynne's tired legs. Kathy started licking Lynne's folds and creases softly. Every few passes by, she would bury her tongue as deep as she could, tasting the human cocktail of juices Lynne and Thomas provided. Her legs straightened slowly as the tongue bath she was giving mad its way over Lynne's' stubble and toward her stomach. Kathy made her way to Lynne's belly button before using her hand to play with Lynne's pussy. 

The men sat down in their seats sipping beer watching the young bartender clean the beautiful wife with her tongue. Kathy made her way to Lynne's mouth as the two women made out like lovers. Some whispering rang out from the women as they lay chest to chest on the table, before Kathy turned to the men and announced to the group, "My turn!"