 Fitting the MILFs into Sonny's Harem

Hey, the Sharing proceeds. Please leave comments, they help steer the story and let me know how it is progressing. Send me a note if you want to be on the mailing list. Thanks for your support. --C

*****

My class was late the next day so I woke after Tawny was gone. I decided right then to find Georgia's car at the airport and bring it back home. If they were gone for another week, it made no sense to be riding the fucking bus. 

It took the rest of the afternoon and part of the evening to get out to the airport and get the car home again. I liked knowing I had wheels though, unsexy as the sedan was. I could have asked one of the guys for a ride but I decided to ride the metro and just be alone. I still scoped out the pussy, impaneled under winter coats and hose and the like. I had a problem to work out, several actual, so the time on mass transit was both stimulating and contemplative. 

My god but my plate was full of pussy. Is that a mixed metaphor? What a fucking mixture, I say and I am not complaining but keeping my dick out of the mixer was the issue. Thank god, Georgia and Dalia were gone or I'd have been in way over my head. God, my sisters wanted to fuck my friends. 

My phone rang on the bus. It was Landon.

"Dude, dude, you have got to do something about my mother!" 

"Your mother?" 

"After, after the other night, when you bailed and we all fucked Annie instead of mom, she won't leave us alone. She has crowded into bed every night this week and whenever she can, she goes down on Darlene. I mean, god, its hot, having your mother fucking us, my mother, I mean, but, well..." Landon stuttered.

"Darlene complained." I offered.

"No, well, yes, sort of. She, she just said she liked having me to herself that other night and, well, she wanted more of just us, you know, alone."

"Without Kyla." I grunted. "How is that my problem?" 

Landon hissed. "Dude, it isn't. I know you have been getting plenty of pussy, from what Chris and Sammy tell me but, dude, if you could figure out a way to get mom out of our hair, just for a while, till Darlene gets past this, this, she is feeling really crowded and Mom is so sweet, so impossible to turn down..."

"You want me to turn her down for you?" 

"Well, yeah." 

"Tell Darlene she owes me." 

"What?" Landon said.

"Tell Darlene that her body is mine some time, some perfect time when I can plunder her the way she likes without you knowing. It will be our secret." 

Landon was silent. Finally he snorted. "Some fucking secret. You just told me." 

"I know. Tickles a little, don't it. Look, Landon, you assigned me the task of making the MILF list..."

"Because none of us imagined that Mrs. Duncan, Cici, would be so easy, er, willing to fuck you, or us, for that matter." Landon interjected.

"...and now you want me to manage your own mother for you. I'll do it but Chris, he handed something like this off to me too. It cost him. He, god, he wanted to dominate his mother and I gave her away to Sean."

"And now he's fucking Tawny." Landon injected again.

I nodded. "Yes, but I think Tawny's actually fucking him."

"Have you ever heard from Jeb? His dad? That night when he caught us, I mean, I thought...I don't know what I thought would happen but I figured there would be consequences to that." 

"I haven't heard from Mr. Wills, no. You asked me to help, you have to give me something and I want Darlene's agreement that she'll come when I call." I meant to phrase my intention exactly like that.

Landon laughed in spite of himself. 

"I am not being mean or exploiting the situation. You aren't the only one of my friends to seek aid in arranging their pussy terrain to their satisfaction. I just need everyone to know that if they get my help, I get a pound of flesh."

"You mean a pound of pussy?"

"No, I mean I get to pound some pussy." 

Landon laughed. "I get it. If we all keep putting you in the middle of things, then, then eventually you will get crunched. I get it. I'll, I'll talk to Darlene about it. She might think having Mom cornering her in the kitchen and going down on her all the time isn't so bad."

"Fuck you, Landon." I growled. He hung up.

He called back while I was driving home. "Darlene says, if you call, she'll come. Several times. Owww!" 

"I'm driving, fucking leave me alone." I said and hung up. The situation was coming clear to me. Not fully but I had an idea. God, what a good idea!

I got home and ate a burger I'd picked up. 

Tawny came home and we went to bed in our own rooms but about midnight she came into my room and tried to slip inside the covers with me. 

I got up and led her into Mom's bedroom. I had studied the last few hours but was already behind. I woke in the night, horny as hell. Tawny was cuddled up beside me, her ass against my side. I moved away, pushed on her hip so she rolled onto her back. I groped between her legs, finding her pussy, she only wore a light chemise to bed, no panties. I began rubbing her pussy. 

She stirred, mumbling in her sleep. A couple minutes of careful stroking and she welled up like a desert spring. I slipped a finger past the lips of her pussy. My sister groaned in her sleep, mumbling and shifting her ass around on the mattress. I twiddled with her pussy for a while and finally pushed her legs apart and got between them. 

"Sonny?" Tawny said, drowsy but awake. 

"I'll just be a minute." I whispered. 

She giggled a little. "Take your time. I'll, I'll just enjoy it." She arched up and kissed my cheek while I was fitting my cock into her body, her knees butterflied out beside us. She groaned as I thrust into her, steadily pushing deep. Despite her idea of just laying still, her ass rocked with me as I pumped into her. 

"Mmmm." She whispered. "Cock in the night. How wonderful!" 

I felt my orgasm lashing out. I rammed into her harder, going to my elbows so I could grasp her ass. I ground us together and exploded, pouring cum into her pussy. I grunted, I groaned, I came and came. I must have been a little backed up. When the torrent passed, I lay on her for a moment till she grunted, pushing me away. 

We slept. 

I got up with her the next morning and made a pass at her while she was putting make up. She rebuffed me to keep from being late to work. I asked why she wasn't sleeping with Chris and she said that Sean was over doing Laura and it made her nervous. 

I didn't explore any further. I wasn't ready to broach that particular subject. 

The rest of the week dropped hard on me. Two classes assigned big projects that had to be done before spring break. I had the feeling that if I put them off, I'd get swamped by pussy and just give up, so I set to work to get them done, or nearly so as quickly as possible. Fuck me, truth be told, I needed a fucking break. Literally. 

I saw Sammy and Chris on campus but we had no time to talk. Thursday night, Sean called. He was whispering. "Sonny? Sonny? I, I can't talk long. I did like you said, I brought Laura over and walked her right past Mom. I thought Mom was going to have a cow. She followed me up stairs and asked to speak with me, you know, privately. She asked me what the fuck I thought I was doing bringing that woman back to our house. I just grinned and shrugged. She stamped downstairs. What did you tell her we were doing? I, I know you fucked Annie on our table, she said something about that when she was in the bag that night. But, why is she so worried?"

"Don't you worry about it. Keep at it. Act like you are addicted to Mrs. Wills pussy."

"No problem. Not acting even a little bit. I think I am hooked. Who wouldn't be."

"She's better than your Mom, then?" I chided lightly.

"I don't know. Wait till I fuck Mom and I'll let you know." 

I grunted. Good answer. The fucker was literal and did not seem to get irony or sarcasm. 

"So? Keep bringing Laura here? Keep fucking her?" 

"Right. Call me whenever she is there and your Mom is there. Eventually I think the time will be right." 

"Shit, Mom's back." He was gone. I could imagine that conversation. I grinned. I could see Lydia Favors in my fucking future. 

I worked on the projects the whole weekend and made progress. I was holding my breath. I knew at some point, one of my other projects, my pussy projects would demand attention and I'd be in trouble. 

Georgia told us she thought they be back the next week or the week after, latest. When she returned, I decided I had to have my projects done. I had the feeling she was going to need attention and a lot of it. So I was a good little boy and did my school work, or should I say, like a responsible, accountable adult? 

I got a curious call from D. Debra on Monday. 

"Haven't seen you around campus."

"Have you been looking?" I asked, unnerved by her launching into a conversation without even saying 'hi'. 

"You have some interesting friends." She said. "I am ready to meet some more." 

I hesitated. "Okay. Let me work on that for you." 

"You do that and Sonny, I miss your mouth on my pussy. I mean, you eat me real good. I like it." 

"I'll be in touch."

"Oh wait, Sonny, I am auditioning for a play. I was signing up and I saw your friend Chris there. He saw me and turned a pretty shade of pink. I promise I won't fuck him unless you are in the room with us. He was signing up to audition too. Is he any good?"

"Acting? I think he has been acting every day of his life. I only just recently saw him out of character." 

"Well, I hope he gets a part. When you start a play, it is always fun to figure out which guys are safe because they are gay and which guys you can tease because they aren't. Your little friend has advantages of both. I can tease him because, well, I already fucked him and so I know he fucks and he knows I fuck. There is no drama left and everyone knows how much theater people love fucking drama." 

I had to laugh. "No chance for poor Chris?" 

"Oh, I didn't say that. It might be fun to fuck him when he isn't so scared or distracted by your sister!" D. Debra laughed like a hyena and hung up. Weird.

Tawny began to sleep over at Chris'. I felt odd about that, knowing about it and all. She came by the house and rebuffed me when I tried to kiss her. I was all backed up. 

"Chris, he, he is going down on me a lot and, and I don't want him to taste you in me. We both know if you kiss me, you'll have me on my back in a cricket's whistle. So back off, Jack!" She giggled. "I am sure we'll find time. We are brother and sister, after all. I'll always be around."

"But I may not always be this horny!" I complained whining like a bitch. She laughed in my face.

"Oh, Sonny, why does Chris keep his basement locked." 

"Haven't you been down there?" I asked.

Her face screwed up. She shook her head. "I tried the door one time and he got upset. I asked him what was down there he didn't want me to see and he just told me I might find out and I might not." 

"I wouldn't press him on it. Just go look if you're curious. Those inner door locks are easy to pick."

"He put a lock and key on it. I mean with a real deadbolt and everything. He is really weird about it."

"You don't know the half of it." 

"And you do? Tell me!" 

"Big sister, finally, I know something you don't know and like all the secrets you never told me, I am not telling you this one. That is for Chris to do. It's his business, you need to wait because it might not ever concern you."

"You do know what's down there." 

Chris honked so she had to go and we left it like that, unresolved. 

Every day that passed, I got hornier and hornier. I saw Brent Tuesday and we compared schedules. He had a loopy grin when we talked and finally I had to ask about him, his mom, and his Aunt Norma. I asked if Aunt Norma was still staying with them. He nearly giggled, nodding. I had to get to class so I didn't get details. 

The next afternoon, however, Natasha called complaining that Brent was spending too much time "in my sister" was how she put it, "and not near enough time in me!" I didn't know how that was my problem and said so and she said the sweetest thing. 

She said I should fucking well make it my problem or she'd fucking move into my house and fuck me to death. I took her point, though she needed to work on her threats. That one sucked, as a motivating threat. It worked just fine as the opposite of a threat, so, a promise? Or maybe an inducement? Temptation, that's the right word. The woman was tempting me to leave things well enough alone and I don't think she was even aware of it. Her cock-hunger had gone to her head. 

She said she'd not had sex for three days. Bingo. I consoled her and the bitch hung up. Not getting laid regularly plus knowing her little sister was absorbing all the free radical cock in the house made her a little edgy it seemed. 

Over all, I put my head down and worked, screwed to the sticking place, or unscrewed as it were. D. Debra called to say hi, and compare class schedules. She suggested we should get together, maybe bring a friend, before asking how I was doing with my friends. I told her I was bogged down with projects. She sounded disappointed but left well enough alone. Whatever else she was, she worked at being a student and did not deviate from that value with other people. She did say she got a part in the college production and that Chris had also. Our Town or King Lear or some such shit. She didn't press further but only said she was in need and I should hurry up and find her another new dick. 

"You did so fine last time, I am eager to see what you have for me next. I like this, having you arrange sex for me. Takes the drama out of it so I can just concentrate on school and not have to pay any attention to the dicks with ears around me. You are a dear! But don't take too long! Deedee's getting jittery!" 

She left me to my labors. 

Friday, late, Alissa called. 

"Sonny, I think, I think we might have made a mistake. I mean, Sammy, god, he hasn't left me alone all week. He, he's taking a shower but, but..." Her voice sounded panicked.

"Is Ellen there?"

"That's what worries me. He, he hasn't mentioned her. He, since he seems to think I am free to fuck him, because I am free, he is obsessed with me. He, he says it is my ass all weekend and, and Sonny, he made me request something of him. He made me say I like the paddle over and over again like I was asking for it. He says he relented and I will get what I want!" She was huffing around her words. "God, Sonny, if I know my son, I won't be able to sit right by Monday." She was panting. "Oh, fuck, he's back!" She hung up. 

I went back to studying. I was so proud. I had plenty of distractions swirling around me but I put my head down and went back to work. I had to get these projects done before Georgia came home. 

I was nearly to a point of accomplishment on Saturday afternoon, the point where I could come up for air and go back to thinking about pussy when my phone rang. It was a number I did not recognize and I wondered if this was the fabled Mr. Northcutt. 

It wasn't. 

It was Becky Kline. 

"Sonny, you've got to help me. Can, can you meet me, for coffee some place?" 

My resolve to finish the projects that weekend collapsed, dissolving into the vision of Mrs. Kline the first nude on her back, her ass flared under her open legs. I got hard, lost focus and so I agreed, visions of her ass dancing in my head. She gave me directions and I dashed for the car, those visions of her body doing a nice ballet in my head and my pants. I had just parked when my phone rang. I'm like 900 service! It was Sean again. 

"Sonny, hey, listen. I been doing like you said but Mom was gone a lot. She just got in last night. I have Laura, Mrs. Wills here." He giggled. "My god, my sister is so pissed off. She got into a rat's house load of trouble when she got caught knocking boots in her own little bed. She has called mom every fucking time Laura was here. I know that bitch was listening at my door several times and once, when we were doing it in the shower she opened the door on us by mistake. God, I think that makes Laura, Mrs. Wills even hotter. Quill just stood there and watched. Mrs. Wills, god, she did not even seem to care. I had her against the wall and she howled and howled while I fucked her and Quill watched. She, she seems to like doing it while someone watches. She just dropped by, just now. Mom is out but when she gets back, Quilla is going to narc and squall. I don't know what's going to happen." 

I nodded. "If you get into a jam, just text me and I'll call and get you out of it." 

"How?" 

"Don't worry about it. I gotcha." He hung up without acknowledging my assurance. I hoped that was enough. I did have him covered. I hoped. 

I walked into the little shop in the lee of the noon rush. Becky Kline sat at a table amidst the unbussed clutter of the passed rush hour. It was a sandwich shop close to campus but not on campus. She sat there, the perfect version of a statuesque woman, her tits hooked over the table like a landslide. 

I sat down across from her. She was staring at a plaque on the wall beside her chair and took several moments before she acknowledged me. 

"Do you always wear tight clothes. God, but you look good in green." I said finally. Her coat was piled against the wall. She wore a forest green button up sweater that hugged her torso, bulging with her tits but cinching up under her chin. It was just a shade too small so that between the buttons, the woven fabric bulged and gaped, without alluring darkness. I couldn't see what skirt she wore. I was so horny by now I was ready to do her right there but I had to cool my jets and take it easy. Her adventure on the conference room table had not converted her from who she had been. At least, I figured that unlikely. She was still wild pussy so I had to be cautious. 

She smiled thinly. "This is all your fault." She began facing me, her chin raised and her eyes flashing. 

"How did you get my number, anyway?" I deflected, trying to disarm her a little. Strangely she did not seem angry so much as, as, well, on edge, like I was feeling. Maybe we could compare notes and work something out. 

"Alissa. Mrs. Honeywell." She shook her head. "I went to her office yesterday. She, she said it was none of her concern but said you were good at handling awkward situations and I should talk to you." 

"Oh she did, did she?" I searched my shallow memory for what situation Becky could be referring to, came up with several of my own invention but decided no antecedent existed, so I discarded them despite my personal attraction for several of them. One included fending off Mrs. Kline the second. Portia clearly has a thing for this white woman and wanted to tease the white thing a little and feeding that black on white obsession had some attraction for me. "What situation?" 

"My daughter. Sex. God, I haven't had so much sex with so many strangers in so short a time, ever in my life. Lovely is going out every night now and comes home with a different man every night. I mean, well, not last night. Last night she brought a guy from last week and his friend, so, two guys." 

"Oh? Two guys? She must be having a good time." I said casually. God, I was so horny. All I wanted was to unpeel Rebecca Kline and climb in between her legs and fill her with a loving spoonful. I was having difficulty concentrating. I resolved not to let school work interfere with getting laid again, at least not for such a long stretch. 

"Her? No. That's the problem. She's been bringing men home and then offering to have me fuck them. She tells him she is sharing me, that such a beautiful woman, such a sexy woman must be shared. She smiles that smile you cannot argue with and asks them if they ever wanted to do a woman and her daughter. The first time she did it, last Thursday, they were both standing over me while I was in bed. She told me to let him fuck me and, well, he did. I did. He did. 
