 From the author: This includes mother-daughter, mother-son, and sister-sister sex along with the group sex associated with an orgy, so if this isn't your type of party, walk on by. Leave comments and vote, so I know how this is working. I depend on feedback. Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoy the work.

*

I woke up at seven and, almost as usual, it was my phone that greeted me, buzzing happily on my night stand. Butt holes and bung buckets, I was tired. 

"Yeah?" I said into the gloomy morning, eyes still crusted closed. 

"Mr. Duncan? It's, this is Holly Romelingame." 

"Holly. Hello."

"I want it. I want your collar. I have been thinking about it all night, I mean I dreamed about it, having a collar around my neck and I think, if you own me, then you can give me to Gary. He'd like that and if I screw up, he can hand me back to you, you know, for disciplining or retraining or whatever you'd call it."

"Fucking. I call it fucking. I forget, did you say you liked it in the ass." Was I awake or was this a dream?

"Liked? Liked? That might be a stretch."

"Stretch. Stretched." I horse laughed. "You're funny." 

"So?"

"So what?"

"Want to own me? I can get the next couple weeks off. I'll be with you the whole time." I heard her sucking air through her teeth. "If you want me around that much." 

I lay back, closed my eyes and envisioned the little woman. I thought about having her around for two weeks and not fucking her. I wondered what my sisters would think or do or say. I grunted. 

"Might be fun." I said. "My house. Noon. Don't be late." I gave her my address and hung up. I smelled coffee. 

I pulled on sweat pants and a robe and staggered downstairs. No coffee but I was hungry. I stopped at the bottom of the stairs. Blister Tawny sat at the table sipping a cup of coffee. She looked around, her green eyes appraising and cool. 

Uh oh.

I staggered into the kitchen. Charm sat across the table from Tawny. Dalia was making an omelet. I got a plate and stood beside her till she gave it to me. I got orange juice and sat down and ate. 

No one spoke. The atmosphere was dewy to frigid but I was not sure why. Well, I had an idea. Tawny validated my tension.

"So, brother Sonny, you are going to do Georgia with all your friends today?"

I stopped eating in mid-chew, fork suspended over the plate. A mushroom dropped off, leaving a string of cheddar hanging from it. I put down the fork. 

"Yes." I said, eyes fixed on the table.

"Before me?" Tawny asked. 

I looked up. Tawny sat to my left at the other end of the table, Charm to my right. Dalia's place was empty since she was cooking. I turned my head to look at Charm. 

"Look who's here." I said lightly. "It's Charm Davis. Tawny, did you know Charm is a lesbian?" 

"Sonny!" Dalia's mom voice lashed the back of my neck. 

Charm regarded me coolly. 

I regarded Charm coolly. She was way cooler than me. 

"Everyone knows Charm is a lesbian but you." Tawny snarled. She was not happy about something. Given the fact that it was seven-thirty in the morning on a Sunday and she was out of bed and not at Chris' house indicated some bloom was off the rose. 

"Oh, I know. I am just wondering if she really wants to watch six guys fuck Georgia all afternoon or if that is all someone else's idea. Seems odd for a lesbian to be auditing a gang bang staring Dick somebody." 

Charm smiled a ghostly smile, ethereal and light as though she were above it all. 

"Sonny, it may shock you to know that I have not seen dick penetrating a woman and frankly, after seeing plenty of dick in a strictly male context, I thought it might be good to see it in its native habitat."

"So Georgia is now habitat?" I chuckled. "Habitat for humanity? Habitat for Sonny...and his buddies." I twisted around to get Dalia's glare. She delivered it with a glower and a fat lower lip. 

"Quit trying, Sonny." Charm said said. "Dalia suggested that Georgia might enjoy the audience. For Georgia's sake at least, I'll watch you boys." 

"Oh, this is for Georgia?" I immediately felt stupid. "Of course it is." I added hurriedly. I turned to stare at Dalia but she was busy with the next omelet and made no bones about ignoring me. "Well, since you are fine with being a sex object..."

"Excuse me?" Charm growled, like I was getting too close to her dinner. Most women don't like you eating off their plate but think it's cute to poach off yours, if you're a guy buying dinner, anyway. 

I looked her straight in the eyes. 

"I don't care what you call it, you are about to be used for someone else's pleasure, irrespective of whether it matches yours or not." 

Charm's eyes flicked as she processed the thought and realized I was right. 

"Shit. You're right." She did smile. "I guess I don't mind. If you don't. If the other guys don't mind a UN observer taking notes." 

"Just so long as you don't take pictures, no one cares. You might be appreciated on a purely aesthetic level. Besides, you won't be the only observer watching from the catbird's seat."

"Oh, I know all about Dalia's penchant for watching. She has been rather forthright about that, when pressed."

"Oh really?" I looked away from them, fixing my eyes on Tawny. "And you. What are you doing here? Runaway to home?" 

Tawny smiled at me and I found another use for my new word because her smile was unctuous. 

"I overheard Chris explaining to Laura that the guys, as he said it, were getting a shot at Georgia. You can imagine my surprise when I thought that would be my prerogative, to go first, I mean."

I looked her right in the tits and said, "Mom went first. You girls are just tourists." 

I could tell by the way her tits swelled up she was about to object but Charm intervened. 

"Tourists are wonderful. Wide-eyes, interested, and filled with wonder, they can help you to see your neighborhood in a whole new and wonderful way." 

My eyes lifted and found Tawny with a very Georgia look on her face; it was that obdurate look that meant Georgia was never going to change her mind and you just as well give up. One time when we were kids, she refused to clean up her oatmeal one morning and Mom made her sit there all day, insisting she eat it. I finally grabbed it and threw it away. I hate oatmeal and cold oatmeal is like its own circle of hell. Just smelling it makes me want to ralph. Seeing that cast in Tawny's eyes frightened me a little but I wasn't clear about just what it could mean. I did get a little queasy though. 

So I asked. "What are you doing here, precisely?" 

"I wouldn't miss this for the world." Tawny's face twitched. "Who else do you think is going to be watching?" 

Sometimes Tawny could be so confused and thus confusing. 

"Me, silly." Dalia said from the kitchen. 

I shook my head. "Besides her, there is another woman I will introduce to your little ritual."

"Is that what you call it." Charm asked lightly. "I thought it was airtight. A cock in every hole." 

"So it is but airtight is much too descriptive. Better to disguise it with another name." 

Charm nodded. "You? Politically correct?"

I smirked. "Do you really think there is a politically correct term for a cock in every hole?" I waited for a response and then wondered if I had only thought that thought because no one seemed to be aware I had spoken. Of course, the truth is likely that they were dissing me and cursing me with silence, which to a good comedian is indeed a circle in hell, also known as a circle jerk which brings me back to the subject at hand or in hand. 

I made to study Tawny until finally she met my gaze, her eyes brittle and sharp. 

"You should let me go. First, I mean."

I shrugged. "You can be a fluffer." I smiled and oh wow! It was unctuously par excellance. 

She snarled at me. And made a claw of one hand.

I noticed the bright red fingernail polish and it aroused me. 

"What?" I said hoarsely. "Don't you like the idea of having six dicks in your mouth as a good way to spend the afternoon?" 

Tawny shook her head. 

"Chris was giggling with anticipation over getting to fuck my sister, so, no, I am not thinking that spending an afternoon on my knees making like a glory hole would be my first choice." 

"Glory hole? What's that?" I was being snide. I know how to use the Internet. The idea of sticking my dick in a hole in the wall to see what would happen struck me as...well pointless given my developing harem. 

Tawny, in true Tawny fashion neglected my snideness and took me literally and began to explain. Dalia, bless her heart, walked over and put a plate before her. 

"I think he was being silly, dear." Her mom voice turned Tawny's gushing to a trickle. 

Tawny looked down at the steaming omelet. She looked up at me. 

"Sonny, I want fucked. Several times. Not as many as Georgia but, I want to have sex with your friends," she smiled but it looked like she had cellophane over her face, "or you if you are nice, and I want everyone to see, to watch me having sex with my brother." Her eyes took on a look. "I want you to take me clothes shopping and fuck me in a changing room. I want to fuck in an elevator. I want it all but I want to be seen. I want to flash my tits while you finger me or take you standing up in the park while marathoners chug by. I want to sit in your lap in the movies and feel your cock and have you put it in me and feel everyone around me knowing I am full of cock and still have the feeling that I am fucking my own brother and no one knows!" 

"Tawny, dear, you should eat" Dalia said, her voice was a little nervous, shaking a little but I could not tell if it was because her sister made her uneasy or because she was aroused, imagining watching that litany of sexual displays and knowing what other's did not know, that her sister was fucking her brother where they could be seen in public. 

I don't know about Dalia but I was aroused. I had a flash to fuck her right then, but it immediately occurred to me that I should arrange for her to be fucked as she asked. But if I had everyone fuck her, Georgia would never forgive either of us. Suddenly, I had an idea and what an idea it was. Honestly, it scared me a little. Can you have an orgy on a Sunday afternoon? Don't you need to do it at night or something? I needed to check the orgy rule book to see what conventions I was breaking and what the penalties were. 

"Tawny, is this about you and Chris?"

She took a bite of omelet. Even after having had my own, it still smelled great and that is an accomplishment. 

Tawny chewed, swallowed and looked up at me. God, that simple activity made me want to do her right then. 

"Sort of." This was the honest, guileless Tawny. "Chris refused to have sex with either of us last night. Laura, Mrs. Wills, she was crazy and so he tied her to the bed and left her. She moaned half the night. She loves serving as hostess on the airtight express. I wanted sex but Chris put me off. He asked me to let him take his mom out for the day, just her and him. He doesn't know I came here. I said I was heading into work. I want him to see someone else fuck me. If he can stand that, if he doesn't turn into a green-eyed asshole..." She hesitated.

"Assholes don't have eyes." I interjected.

"Yeah they do. Just one, the winking Cyclops eye that you want to poke out with your spear!" Charm said, her voice bubbling with good cheer. 

Tawny ignored us both. "I, I want this. I do. I wanted it to be me but now, now that's Georgia, I need him to understand I want it and that I don't think we should be exclusive, since he certainly isn't."

I cocked my head. "The usual practice is to put all the cum in one place, er, person. I am not sure we can do anything but tease you."

"Sonny, come on. This is a little sister-big sister thing. If she goes first, after you fucked me first, then she wins."

I shook my head. "Sex is not a competition. Every orgasm is its own reward. Look, Tawny, if you want cock, you may have to eat pussy...will you do that?" 

I saw the disenchantment ripple through her expression. I was happy to see it did not rise to disgust. 

"I don't eat pussy." She said. 

"You don't have to do anything you don't want to but Tawny, other women will and they will want it."

"That's saying a mouthful." Charm said. 

I glanced over at her and she looked so pleased with herself I nearly laughed out loud. 

"I have someone for you to convert." I said gently, clearly talking to Charm. 

Charm looked immediately startled.

Tawny looked shocked. "Sonny!" 

"Not you, but you should learn to like it. Practice makes perfect, right Charm?" 

Dalia had been standing behind Tawny. She took a couple steps to me and laid a hand lightly on my shoulder. 

"Let her alone. Tasting pussy is not for everyone. When its her turn to be airtight," Dalia hesitated, and blushed. "Let's see how this goes. Have a woman for each guy to fuck and have couples do Georgia before you all do her together." 

Great minds. I was way ahead of her, thinking exactly the same thing! I stood up. 

"Dalia, we could have fifteen or sixteen people here. Can you have snacks or something?"

She nodded, lighting up. 

"I'll make mulled wine and have a lentil stew."

"Honey, I don't think beans at an orgy is a good thing. Causes bloating." Charm said dryly, studying her fingernails. 

"Oh, right. You mean it makes the guys fart. So no beans. Orgy? Is that what this is?" She turned her eyes to Charm. "I'll make a stew. Vegetables in the crock pot. Are we really hosting an orgy? Is that what you want? A male and female orgy? We are doing this for you, Charm."

Charm remained fixated on her fingernails. 

"I think I'll do retro today and paint my nails black." She looked up at me and smiled. "They won't know what to think when I get back to the office." She looked at Dalia. "Dalia, darling, this isn't for me. You're confused. It's for Georgia. Is it going to go well with her to have a gender blender mixer swirling around her while she is orgasming." Her perfect white brow furrowed. "Oh, this is Nova we are talking about. She is as ambi-sexual...no, omni-sexual as any one I ever met. I guess I think she might love being the center of attention at an orgy. How are you going to manage that?" 

The last was clearly addressed to me. I shrugged. 

"I'll think of something. God, an orgy at my house." I walked away upstairs. I had a plan and it was wiggling around in me like a snake in a pie shell. 

I laid down and called Holly. She answered immediately. 

"Holly, listen, you are going to eat pussy, if you come here today. I have a lesbian who will give you pointers and encouragement. I just want to see her naked and its your job to get her clothes off so I can see her." 

"So you can put your dick in her?" 

"Holly, don't cast aspersions. I would never put my dick into a hole when I thought I wouldn't get it back. I don't think they grow back." 

She giggled, then sobered. "Really? I have to?" 

"Must." 

Silence. 

"I'll try."

"Do you like the idea of a woman going down on you?" 

"I like the idea of you going down on me. You show real talent, but you need practice." 

I ignored that, despite the urge to pursue it. 

"Just do what you'd want done to you." 

"I want a cock about now. After last night, all the blather about fucking has me thinking of nothing else. I am ready to sit and spin." 

"If you want a little time to adjust, come early and you can get a head start on the rest of us."

"How early?"

"How much adjustment do you need before you are ready to go down on a woman with everyone watching."

"How many people are we talking about?" 

"A dozen or more. More if you count the oral watchers." 

"Oh fuck." 

"Come early, come often." 

"Sounds like we are voting in Chicago." She chortled.

I hung up. 

"Oh fuck me!" I grunted. My plan was lacking some crucial details. I got on the Internet and found the main number for the Global Grand. I hoped I remembered the room number. I asked for 2011 and when Jeb's voice came on the phone I breathed again. 

"Good morning, Mr. Wills." I said. "This is Sonny."

"Mistress, its Sonny." Jeb called out in a tinny voice. God it did not sound like him at all. 

"Jeb listen..." There was clicking and then a new voice spoke in my ear.

"Master Sonny, what you want of Tia Maria?" She sounded tense...and pleased. 

I hesitated. Well, I'd make the best of it either way. I'd have to get back to Jeb in a minute. No sense in dancing around the issue. 

"Marie, I want you at my house by noon. I am having an orgy and I am going to assign you to one of my friends. To fuck, suck and do general maintenance. Do you like women?"

"Master? What you mean, I woman."

"I mean do you go down on women?"

"Jacob, what go down on women mean? Oh. Oh! I don't do it, ever." 

I rolled my eyes. "Well, its time. Be here at noon. Hand the phone to Jeb."

"There will be dick, though?" Tia Maria sounded a little worried. 

"More dick than you can handle and likely more than you will get. Hand the phone to Jeb."

"You mean Jacob? Here, Sonny want you." 

"Hello?" His voice sounded conflicted. 

"Not like that, Mr. Wills. Has Tia Maria met your son or wife?"

"No. Of course not."

"I mean, does she know what they look like? Chris and Laura, the blond duo? Would she recognize them if she met them, face to face?" 

"No. I haven't shown her any pictures of my...of that sort."

"If she has to eat pussy, will that be a problem?" 

"Oh my god. I have no idea." That voice wasn't his. He sounded breathless and focused. 

"Well, I'll find out and let you know."

"Will, will they be there?" His voice was low and soft, like he was trying to speak without being heard.

"Laura and Chris. That's my plan. You said..."

"Yes, I did. Thank you, Mr. Duncan!" 

You cannot imagine how fucking weird it is to hear a man of his ilk and demeanor calling me Mister. I think if he had called me "master" I'd have been too weirded out to go on. "Mister" was bad enough. 

"You have my phone number and address?" I gave both to him. "Have Tia Maria at my house by noon. Okay? I am going to introduce her to your family." 

"Oh god." Jeb breathed. 

"Oh, text me your phone number and hers, does Marie have a phone that is local?" 

"I have one for her, yes." 

"Text me the digits before you leave the room. If I don't get them, I'll call back on the house phone again." I had gotten digits wrong in the past and it fucked everything up. "I'll text you acknowledgment when I get it. Don't leave till I do." 

I hung up. I sat on my bed and felt drunk. I needed more sleep. Shit it was only quarter to eight. I had time to arrange things and still get a couple more hours in. I sat still, counting. Six guys, three watchers, Tawny and Marie, I needed three or four more. Then there's Laura. Should I include her in the six or not? Depends on who I could get at such short notice. I had to use those on the line but I did not want to resort to the usual MILFs. I wanted people who'd be as unsure of themselves as everyone else. 

I called Rebecca Kline. She answered but sounded still asleep. 

"Mrs. Kline? Sonny Duncan."

"Sonny? Oh, hello. Sorry, I'm not awake yet. We just got back from Memphis last night."

I debated beating around the bush but decided to jump right in, into the bush as it were. "I'm having a going away orgy for a lesbian friend of mine. She wants to watch how the other half do an orgy and I want you and Lovely at my house by noon. Can you do that?" 

"I, uh, well, an orgy?" 

The next voice I heard was a chipper Lovely, bright and breathy as always, as though her tone was licking at my ear through the phone. I wanted to fuck her face down. 

"Mr. Duncan, did I hear mother say orgy?"
