 THE CASTING COUCH: 



Mrs. Olivette: Sonny's professor that he and Holly Morrison did in her office

Ellen Collier—red head, slight woman works for Alissa Honeywell, presently boning Sammy Honeywell

Alissa Honeywell—black attorney, one of the original MILFs, wearing Sonny's collar. 

James St. Vincent—Alissa's new, surprising obsession

Sam Honeywell—Alissa's wandering-eyed husband, consigned to share her sister with her son...

Sammy Honeywell—one of the original MILF sons, part of Sonny's deal with Melissa Crawford, who wants a father and son to do her at the same time.

Melissa Crawford—Alissa's Sister who persuaded Sonny to get Sam and Sammy to doubleteam her. 

Imogen Travers—she is fucking Sonny and as Sonny directs in payment of a penalty incurred by her husband, Rictor Travers who is an asshole.

Miriam Travers—she is part of the debt payment, but whose actual identity remains in question...daughter to Imogen or rental playing a role? Unknown.

Quilla Favors—assigned to fuck Seth Morrison who traded Holly, his sister, to Sonny for her mother, Lydia, (only on the phone). 

Laura Wills—blonde original MILF, mother of Chris, likes life on her knees.

Marjorie Romelingame—wife of Gary Romelingame, traded her ass to Sonny for Holly Romelingame. 

Gary Romelingame—husband of Marjorie, wants Holly as his submissive but fears his wife.

Tia Maria—Filipino dominant who has moved into the Wills house as their "maid", yeah, right. 

Chilton St. Vincent—James' father, husband to Mercy St. Vincent

Carol Lynn Northcutt—ex-wife of Borland Northcutt

Borland Northcutt—husband of Suzanne Northcutt, his second and present wife. 













I woke with the uncomfortable feeling I was forgetting something and my phone rang. It was Sammy. 

"Dude, you have an economics mid-term today. Did you forget?" 

"Uh huh." I was stunned. Shit, what else was I forgetting? "Really? Or are you shitting me?" 

"Mrs. Olivette stopped me and asked me to pass the message along to you." 

"Uh oh." I said, but really thought I was just thinking it. "I better go then, hadn't I?" 

"Up to you. Your mom is out of town so I think you're on your own." 

"We in college for fuck sake, what's our mom got to do with it?" 

Sammy chuckled.

"Easy for you to say, your mom is gone and my mom fucks you whenever you wink at her. By the way, what have you done with Ellen?"

"Just what Ellen wants done with Ellen." I muttered.

Sammy laughed.

"That sounds just right. Are we on for tonight?" 

I had to reset my brain. 

"Oh right. I have a surprise for you."

"You promised another Mother-daughter duet." 

"Oh." I'd forgotten. "Right. Still on." 

"I might be late. Mom has me an interview with Bickerstaff and Kline late in the afternoon." 

"Really?" I was surprised, pleased but surprised. I'd forgotten about that little tidbit. 

"I'll call you when I'm ready and you can give me directions." 

"Jeeze, if you don't know how to fuck a woman by now, I'm not sure my directions will be much help."

"Fuck you, Sonny." 

"You, sir, are not my fucking type." 

"Glad to hear it. Later." 

We hung up. It was seven. I notified the sleepy pussy I was called to a higher calling, which was a clear misnomer since fucking Miss Miriam and Mrs. Imogen was a far higher calling...still, I decided I better bugger off to class despite my resolution to skip the whole week in favor of a world raining pussy. I tried to arrange things with the pussy at hand but not one of the three wanted to talk to me. I re-showered and scampered off to campus, realizing reviewing the material on the test might make some sense. 

I had it cold. I settled in at the library and by the time I needed to head for class, I felt pretty good about all that preparation I'd engaged in with such single minded assiduous attention. I felt good walking to class.

Alissa called. I flinched and then flinched again when I glanced at the phone. What could she be after this time of day? 

"Sonny," she began but her voice tightened and hitched, the catch in it created the pause and gave me the same. My ears pricked up and my prick grew ears. Something was afoot. I felt it. I knew it. Adrenaline pumped in my veins like I'd snorted it off a compact mirror. 

"Sonny, I must see you. Can you come to the office?" 

"I'm headed to class."

"Skip it. Please. I'll, I'll buy you lunch." 

"Lunch, right. At the prices I'm paying to be made smarter...?"

"Please, Sonny. I never, I rarely ask for much but I'm asking, pleading, come to the office."

"After class. I'll call you." I refused her as a matter of course and principle, our intercourse and my principle position which was in her. "You forget, Mrs. Honeywell, you wear the collar." 

"But he won't wait." 

"He?"

"Please, not on the phone."

I stopped on the stairs and a little bitch rammed into me because she was trying to climb stairs and text at the same time. I gave her the glare and moved over to moor at the wall out of the current. Assholes still bumped me. 

"Alissa, what is this about. Tell me." I tried my masterly voice but I sounded more like a bullfrog who swallowed a Senator and I don't mean in that good way. 

Alissa gave me no notice. 

"Sonny, please, not on the phone. I want to tell you face to face, so I can make you understand." 

"Alissa, you're weirding me out. What the fuck is wrong!"

Silence. "Sonny, I've met someone." She said. 

My eyes watered and I couldn't see. No, asshole, I wasn't crying. Some bimbo had too much perfume between her legs and it got in my eyes. They hurt. It wafted up in the stairwell like someone gas bombed us. 

"Remember the first time? The first time you had me? Remember when I said it? Remember when I crossed the line? Remember what I said?"

I closed my eyes, tears running down my cheeks. They stung like I'd been sprayed by a skunk. I turned to the wall and pressed my forehead against it. 

"Alissa, what the hell?"

"I remember." She was whispering now, her voice desperate. "I told you how much I wanted you."

Did she? I remembered kissing her and then my hands on her ass. If she was talking I was busy gathering empirical data to support my theory that she had the finest ass on the planet. I wasn't going to argue with her though. 

"Sonny, I felt it then. The need, the desire, the compulsion. I remember the fire in me, the flames consuming my very soul and when you began to undress me, my wildest dreams came true. I knew I wanted you inside me. I knew I wanted to open up and have you plunge into me and I'd go crazy with lust and love and, and, well, lust. I wanted it. Do you remember taking me the first time? Your lips on my breasts. My nipples heat when I just think about it but when you come into the room, they radiate that heat, a desire of my body to have your mouth on me." 

"Mrs. Honeywell, I really have to get to class." Yeah, like I could move from my spot on the stairs with my cock sticking straight out like a bow spirit. I remembered that first time, her tits bared, her body quivering with the excitement,thrilled with the forbidden fruit of seducing a friend of her son's, a regular guy before I got all fancy pants and MILF drunk. I remembered and frankly, whenever I got close to her, I felt that same jazz again, which explains why I keep going back. Well, that, and the fact that I have a lifetime membership in her club. That does help, I must admit. 

"Sonny, right now there is another young man in my office asking for me to fuck him, for business but Sonny, I want to. When he came in the room, my knees went weak. I was breathless. I couldn't move, I couldn't think. I had to leave him and go to the ladies' room and regain control of myself. It was like being dipped in cold water. I tingle everywhere and I mean everywhere, deep inside where the tingling really matters and turns into that itch you just have to scratch. I still feel it. Sonny, he wants me to have sex with him and I want to. I do! I am so excited, I almost offered up my dear little sister as a bribe to make sure he knew I was interested but then I touched the collar and I realized I don't own my body or my lust any longer. But Sonny, god, I need him. I want him."

I heaved a sigh of relief. It is funny, rejection never feels good, even if you know you deserve it or its inevitable, when it occurs, it takes away your reason and strips you of empathy. All you know is what you feel. 

However, I realized this was serious. It was important, to her but also to me. She'd encountered her chemical match on a chance meeting. 

"Has he touched you?" I asked, feeling clarity seep into my mind. 

"God, no! If he'd have touched me I'd be sitting on his face right now." She giggled and she sounded nothing like the business woman. Something had happened. "Sonny, he, he told me to call you. He, he knows about the collar, what it means, that I'm yours and that all he can do is watch you fuck me before you offer him some other MILF from your catalog. He told me to call you, to ask you to, to come. He said he wants to negotiate an arrangement, that's what he called it, an arrangement whereby I'd be his. Sonny, before now, I saw the logic, of the collar of you owning me as a ward against the flighty assholes clustering around my open door reputation for welcoming men between my legs, but this, this is different. God, Sonny, he came into my office, sat down, looked me in the eyes and told me I would be his, that he wanted me and then told me to call you so he could offer you something in return. Sonny, god, he wants to trade you someone for me. He said so, he said he had the perfect combination of crazy, sexy, cool to make it worth your while." 

Alissa was panting into my ear. God, I swear I could feel her breath licking along my skin and shivering through those fine little hairs that make you itch when they are ruffled. Her voice dripped with her arousal. 

"Alissa, tell him I have a mid-term and I'll be there when I can." 

"Oh no, he might leave."

I grunted.

"Then he leaves. If this is a negotiation, you can be eager to let him mount you but if you leave the matter up to me, I'll negotiate as I wish."

"Oh, Sonny, please!" 

I suddenly had a brilliant idea, but I had to get it set up just right or I'd fuck it up.

"Alissa, listen, if you want to manage this little tryst without me, take off the collar. I won't be offended. I just ask that you keep good records because I'll want you to give an accounting of it to me and some of my friends." I snickered. "Like Ahmay, maybe? Oh, and her brother." 

Alissa gasped. She panted into my ear, but her breath quavered, warbling like a throat singer gargling ginger ale. She found her voice.

"No. No, Sonny, I won't take off the collar." She paused. I waited. "I don't think I really understood what Mrs. Wills experienced, being as she is. Now, though, now knowing that you have the right to hand me off to him, or refuse us both, my god, I am so aroused, I think I'd let Travers finger me just for a little attention." 

"No orgasms with the collar on. I don't want you tainted if he proves worthy of you." 

"Who? Travers?"

"No, Alissa, the guy you want to mount on your wall."

"I'd mount him anywhere. Sonny, will you come as soon as you can?" 

"I'll be there. As soon as I am done with the test. Alissa, tell him exactly what you told the last guy, Hughes. Exactly! And wait for me. Alissa, Mrs. Honeywell, tell me clearly, do you want me to trade you to him?"

"Oh god yes, you do understand! Oh Sonny, I knew you would. I won't take off the collar but I want you to hand me off to him to be handled till I am spindled and mutilated and too fucked to come again. He can do it. I know it. I feel it between my legs and behind my tits and in my throat. I want to suck him so badly, I am gargling desire! God, I am out of control! Come here, rescue me!"

I think she meant come give her permission. 

"You know I have to negotiate with him, to hand you off, otherwise, everyone will assume...."

"Yes, of course. I won't take it that way. You own me, Sonny, if you want to rent my garage out to a foreign car once in awhile, that is part of wearing the collar. The who. I just want, I want the who to be James. I want to bend the rules a little."

I chuckled. "Rules? What rules? I am just following my dick around. Listen, I am going to go to class." She gasped "no", nearly bawling. "It will attenuate the feelings. Resist, luxuriate in them, bask and lull in them. Let them soak into you so that when he does touch you...you'll be ready and willing."

"I'm ready now. Willing, god, I think I'd alway be willing. It's like someone gave me something!"

"Alissa! You are mine so long as you wear the collar. Take him to lunch. Text me where and if you leave, text me so I know where to find you." 

Silence. Finally she squeaked, "Okay." 

"Oh, Alissa, I should warn you that doing this at your request like this, it means I get to ask something of you, something you might not want to do...and now, if I do hand you off to this guy, you'll have to do it, anything I ask of you, sight unseen." 

The lawyer on the other end of the line realized what I was asking, what I proposed and she had the good sense to hesitate. 

"Sonny, its you, so yes, I accept that. I mean, I accept that you'll find something for me to do that I would refuse to do and I'll find a way to do it, to make it work, to have it fit for me even though you propose something so utterly disdainful, I'd never agree otherwise, collar or no collar. I'd fuck a Great Dane if it meant this man would have me. I've fallen into a pool of passion and I don't want to leave without having my fill of it. But Sonny, its like you. The only reason I brought it to you is because it made me so excited, thinking of you handing me off to him. I wanted to see if you would. So, yes, ask anything and I'll comply, if you hand me to him. I promise I won't take off the collar and refuse you." 

My god, she was serious. My god, I had her right where I needed her. I almost chortled to let her know I already had something in mind but I didn't. Instead I said nothing. 

I hung up and sprinted for the closed doors of the lecture hall. 

What followed was the longest hour and a half of my adult life. For some goddamned reason, I was thrilled to the core at the prospect of handing Alissa off to a dick of her choosing rather than mine. I know, it seems backwards. I dearly wanted to have skipped class but I needed to do well on the test. I was constantly wobbling off the subject of the next question but when I came back from thinking about renting Alissa out and her obvious thrill at the prospect, the answer shown like a light. I did really well, I thought and so time would tell. 

I began with the idea of giving her away despite what I'd told her. I was just being difficult. I figured I'd just show up and have her take off her bra for me and that would be that, I'd open her up for him, till I realized I couldn't do that, shouldn't do that. Sid wanted me to protect her. Giving her away would subject her to constant pleas for equal compliance. I kept coming back to negotiation and I realized I needed to trade him something. I mean, I needed him to trade me something, something of equal value to Alissa Honeywell. I had to get something back, in kind. I was almost calm till I finished the test just at the end of time and I broke like a filly at the Derby. I was in my car and on the freeway in ten minutes. 

I got the text about halfway downtown. I checked it at the stoplight. She was dining with James St. Vincent at the Crookshank down a few blocks from her building. I was racing, slowly, to get parked to arrive there before they finished and left, plus I was starving since I'd skipped breakfast. I found them sitting at a table out of the flow of the room, a little lover's alcove. They sat in the round booth at 12 and 4, not touching. If Alissa had been white, she'd have been pink with embarrassment. As it was, the only real clue I had to her state of mind, and body for that matter, was her voice, which was an octave or more higher than usual and she was talking really fast. Maybe someone had drugged her.

"Mr. St. Vincent, this is my owner, Sonny Duncan." 

"Ah, the lucky stiff arrives." 

The bloody bloke was British. Fuck me. I felt jealousy raise its ugly green head which I promptly bonked soundly with my sense of fair play. Plus, Melissa was arriving tonight so I needed Alissa's compliance if I was going to satisfy her sister and her husband. This was surely going to be an interesting weekend. 

"James St. Vincent, but call me Jamie." 

We shook hands in the American way and I pushed in beside Alissa, shoving her closer to him. I felt the tension like energy on her skin. I patted her full thigh under the table and she groaned like she had climaxed. 

Mr. St. Vincent inspected her and then looked at me. 

"You own this fine lady? So that is the reason she refused to have sex with me, as part of our business arrangement?" 

"I did not say that!" Alissa screeched. "I said, I was owned and without his consent...."

I patted her leg and she cut off, like I'd pulled her plug. 

"Mr. St. Vincent," I began.

"Jamie, please. This is not formal business. I wish to speak frankly, so I'll go first and you can assess your response as you like. My father sent me here with the clear intention of gaging my suitability for handling these negotiations on my own. Furthermore, he had full knowledge that Mrs. Honeywell is rumored to provide sexual favors in order to close a deal. She has what he called rather euphemistically, a frosting touch. Once the deal is settled, she seals it soundly with a bit of stuff of her own devising, or so goes the rumors. In our business, it is as important to verify rumors as it is to validate lies. So here we are."

I nodded but instead of responding, waved a weak hand at the wait staff. I really was starving. I ordered off the menu, getting something quick. They had a tuna salad I told him to bring immediately. When the guy misunderstood, I insisted now meant now. He scarpered away to bring it. 

"Yes, so here we are." I said, looking across at the other fellow. He had English good looks. Good hair, black and a sort of plain handsome face that was not striking so much as calm. He seemed ethereal to look at but did not demand the eyes as the truly striking beauties in life do. One could look past him, like his face was so smooth the eyes slid right past it.

"So? How do we proceed. I am a bit callow, I'll warrant but I am heartened by seeing that you are not much older than I."

"Younger, I expect." I said, mimicking his accent. Alissa gave me a look and I moved my hand onto her thigh and pulled it towards me. She resisted then relented. Her legs widened smoothly, splitting to grant me access. I moved my hand up between her legs. She wore pantyhose. I scratched at the blocked entrance to her body with a fingernail like a cat at a screen door. I fancied I heard the echo. She gasped and slumped back in her seat, her half-eaten meal forgotten. 

The tuna salad came and I took a quick, big bite. I ordered a steak as the proper follow up.

"Tastes like chicken, smells like fish."

"I should think it would taste like tuna."

"I wasn't referring to this, it was a random comment connecting to a memory of my girl here." I grinned at the man.

He blushed. He may have been twenty-five, but not older. He had a worldly way about him that intimidated me, not the least related to the accent and the knowledge that he was in a foreign country negotiating for cunt. I wondered in that moment, my mouth full of tuna salad, if cunt and country were in any way related in their distant origins in the English language. Try cunt? Sounds like a marketing line posted in a gay bar. I almost asked him about that possibility but my mouth was full and saved me. 
