 All people in this story are fictional and 18 or older.

*****

I made the announcement of my little extra credit group on Tuesday, and oh what a day. If those boys liked getting to taste my tits then I bet they will love Saturday. 

The next day class carried on as usual, but I again asked the same 5 to stay back for a few moments. "Boys, I just wanted to say I hope you are all as excited for Saturday as I am." The group nodded as I picked up a ruler from my desk and began to spin it around in my hand. "Now let me explain what exactly Saturday will include." They all leaned in eager to hear every naughty detail. "First, you all will arrive at my house at the same time, the back door to my house will be unlocked so you may let yourselves in. When you enter I want you all to leave your clothes by the door."

Again it was Caleb who began the questions, "So we'll all be naked together?" I nodded as a look of worry swept the room. "Boys, I've got 3 holes and 2 hands, and there are five of you I don't see why any part of me should be unoccupied." Most of them flushed red at my blunt comment, but Greg remained unphased.

"So, how do we decide who fucks you first?" Greg asked.

I held up the ruler, "That's what this is for."

Again the boys blushed and their eyes grew to the size of saucers, "You mean?"

I nodded, "Yep let's see'em!" My enthusiasm was met an array of embarrassed glanced from faces the color of sweet, ripe, cherries. I decided to help them get a little comfortable. "Boys this actually helps in two ways. First I can decide who gets to pound on my pretty pussy first. Second it means you will already know what kind of equipment each other has and can get over the original embarrassment now."

They exchanged looks as they thought it through, then of them all my brave little Kel stood up first, " I know I've got nothing to be embarrassed about," He walked to my desk and let his eyes fall from the ruler to my heavy chest. "But I think a little encouragement couldn't hurt." He winked and the rest of the group snapped their attention back to the front of the room. I giggled, "Of course"

I stood and rested the ruler on my desk as I began to undo the firs buttons of my blouse, when I was 3 buttons down I looked up, "Boys, you aren't going to make me undress myself, are you?" Instinctively Kel reached across the desk and began undoing the remaining buttons. When the last one came undone the shirt opened up to reveal my see through, white lace bra. The boy's excitement was so thick it could have been cut with a knife. "Kel, do you mind letting me measure you?"

He shook his head, "Not at all." He unzipped his black jeans and pulled out something I really wasn't expecting. Kel was a small framed, short guy on the surface you would never expect what was between his legs. A thick, veiny cock probably 9 inches or more was before me. I had to resist the urge to drop to my knees and blow him. I took the ruler and lined it up to the swollen mass. "Wow, 9 and a half inches".

I looked up a Kel who began beaming with pride that his sexy teacher like his big dick. The look was wiped away when I tucked it back in his pants and zipped him up. "Don't be sad hun, I'm just saving you boys for Saturday. He nodded but still had a look of disappointment, if this was depressing to him wait til I give them the next rule. 

"Okay, who's next?" Silence. "Well alright since you won't volunteer just come up and do it all together." Another chorus of embarrassed looks and red faces. "Well come on up." Mark and Greg exchanged looks and nodded, they then rose together and walked up. "Aw look at you brave boys, you know I think you deserve a little reward." I stood and let the blouse hanging on my shoulder fall to the floor, as I turned revealing my bra. "Care to do the honors?" I felt their hands quickly undo the hooks and slide the garment off of me. 

"Ms. Phillips you told us that we should get naked when we come over?" asked Mark.

"Yes"

"So I take it you'll be naked as well?" he asked as I turned and raised my arms as I had yesterday.

"Oh, Honey I'm always naked when I'm at home." I winked as they took in my massive milkers. "I do everything at home in the nude, I even grade all your assignments without a stich on." Their mouths gapped open as they picture me wandering about my home stark naked. I reached down and tapped on the bulges of the two boys before me. Instantly they opened their fly's and relieved two beautiful cocks. 

I measured Greg first, only 6 inches long, but his girth more than made up for that laying the ruler on top of his meaty member it was 2 inches thick! Next was Mark unlike his friend he had average girth, but a nice length of 7 inches. "Boys, you have beautiful cocks." They smiled as I slid them back in and they returned to their seats.

John stood and walked up and began nervously fumbling with his belt. Placing a hand over his I said, "Let me." Kneeling down I undid the pair of pants and slid my hand inside, being that John was average height, weight, and build I wasn't surprised that his cock was an average 6 and a half inches. Still it wasn't thin just average, I tucked it back and stood, "Care to unzip me sweetie? This skirt is really getting on my nerves."

John knelt down and began to unzip my skirt, as it fell and began to expose my full, perky ass cheek he leaned in and kissed it. "Oh, good boy, but let's save that for our little group." He reluctantly nodded and stood up, I gave him a quick kiss on his warm cheek and sent him back to his seat, then fixed my eyes on Caleb who seemed to find the desk in front of him more interesting than his mostly nude instructor. 

"Caleb," He looked up, "Is something wrong?" He blushed even more, "N-no...it's...it's just...can...is there some other way besides...measuring?"

I suppressed a laugh and strode over to his desk and leaned in letting my girls sway gingerly in front of him. His baby blues followed the like a cat watching his toy. "Aww is someone shy?"

He met my eyes and I could tell he was, but his watching let me snake my hand under his desk. "It's alright, I..." My thoughts trailed of as I felt what had to be the biggest hard on I'd ever felt, he had to at least be ten inches. He felt my hand gave me a pleading look, but I had to see this. "Trust me Caleb, you have nothing to be shy about."

He still looked nervous, but suddenly Mark chose to give some input, "Come on man, it's not like it's a secret. We all know already." He gestured to the room and the group gave a nod. Caleb's face, somehow, grew even redder, "What?" 

"Why do you think you got cut on the first draft for this year's team?" Greg chimed in, "The coach saw you in the locker room and got scared." 

A small smile finally appeared on his face, "Really, why?"

"Probably cause he's four inches hard." I said, the response being a few moments of laughter from the group. "Now Caleb, please let me measure you, or do I have to tear off your pants?" He chuckled a little and stood up, "Yes ma'am." He undid his pants and I slipped my hand inside. This time I was the one with wide eyes, and shaking hands, as I brought the ruler up to Caleb's monster. Surprise might have turned into actual worry as I realized his length fell past the ruler. After a few moments of measuring I decided he was somewhere between 13 and 15 inches long and 3 inches across. Goddamn this thing is going hurt!

Caleb made a show of tucking his beast of a cock back into his pants, then helped me to my feet. "Well boys, now that I've seen yours so it's only fair for you to see mine, right?" Grins broke across their faces as they nodded vigorously. I couldn't hold back a laugh as I brought my arms up giving them a sexy pin-up pose. "Caleb, if you will."

He knelt down and took the strings of my silk thong between his fingers. Slowly he took the garment revealing the little blonde stripe that pointed to my pink pussy. As he reached my ankles I lifted my feet out and stood in front of them naked as can be. I slowly I turned showing of every sweet, supple curve of my body, letting them drink it all in with their eyes. Caleb stared with my panties in hand, until he realized they were wet. He brought them up to his nose and breathed heavily, taking in my sweet scent. After a moment I said "Caleb, don't be selfish, let everyone else have a sniff." Reluctantly he tossed them to Kel and sat back down. Everyone's eyes stayed on me as I walked back over and sat on my desk. "Now boys I have one more rule before you can go today." They listened attentively, only breaking the concentration when the white thong was passed to them. 

"No jerking off for the rest of the week." I said with a stern expression. Like deer in head lights they stared at me, as if waiting for the punch line of a joke. "I know that might be hard for you, but I want you all to be nice and full for me on Saturday, so no masturbating at all, are we clear?" They nodded with slightly upset looks. 

"Alright that's all for today," I said as I held up my heavy tits, "Now come give the girls a few kisses and go home." The sad faces quickly vanished as they raced up and started attacking my breasts, occasionally leaning up to give me a kiss as well. After a few moments I sent them on their way only to have Caleb return a few moments later holding my white lace thong. 

"Sorry Ms. Phillips I forgot to give this back." He blushed as he held it out to me. 

"Oh, that's fine hun just keep it."

"Wha- Really!" He said not bothering to hide his glee.

"Really, just think of them as a reminder for Saturday."

He nodded and put them in his pocket. As he walked to the door he turned back, "Ms. Phillips were you serious about the whole...you know?"

"The no whacking it thing?" He nodded tentatively. "Yes, Caleb I was."

He sighed

"You know sweetie people say if men go without release for a period of time their penis size will increase."

He chuckled a little and left the room. "Not that you need it." I laughed to myself.