 Thanks for the welcomed feedback from my first story. I hope you enjoy this one even more. Adele 

***************

As a celebration for her husband Tony's birthday, Karen had booked them in to a local high class hotel where they could enjoy a meal and drink before retiring to a large bed without worrying about driving home afterwards. She promised him a night to remember, and he was looking forward to getting back to their penthouse suite after the meal as Karen was wearing an outstanding outfit. Tony was very lucky as Karen was always good fun and very sexy. She was sometimes quite reserved with people until she got to know them well enough.

They were sitting enjoying a drink when their waitress came over to introduce herself and tell them what was available on the menu. Vikki was a stunning girl, her large pendulous breasts filled her white silk blouse. Although she was wearing a bra, her nipples could be clearly standing to attention through the thin material of her blouse. Her breasts looked larger than they were due to the narrowness of her waist in her black skirt. Tony noticed that her skirt had a discreet slit in the side of it that showed off even more of her legs. The dark band of the top of her stockings was just showing at the top of the slit. Karen knew he loved stockings and she was wearing some this evening a well. Vikki's hair was held in a bun on top of her head. After running through the dishes available on the menu tonight, she left them to choose from the menu, 

Karen commented 'such a pleasant young lady'.

'And very attractive too' added Tony.

Vikki asked them to follow her through to the dining room. Tony could feel his cock getting erect as he watched her arse wiggle in front of them as she walked in her high heels the length of the room to the dinning area. She held the chair for Karen to sit down, and then put the napkin in to her lap, her arm appeared to brush Karen's breast. Vikki then came around to Tony's side of the table and as she put a napkin into his lap, her hand brushed the bulge of his cock. This may have been accidental of course but it did nothing to stop his cock wanting to rear up and escape from it's enclosed space. Tony also noticed that Karen's nipples were now full aroused and deliciously pocking through her silk blouse. Karen reached across the table to hold Tony's hand. 


'Darling, I'm feeling very horny this evening, my pussy is very wet'. 

'Shall we skip the meal and I will eat you out instead'. 

She gave him a very innocent look and responded 

'No I want to tease you a bit more first before I let you lick my pussy juices for desert'

They chose their food and some wine and sat and chatted, although they both seemed a little bit distracted. A short while later, Vikki came over with the wine they had chosen and poured some in to Tony's glass. The aroma of her perfume was quite intoxicating it was very much in contrast to that Karen was wearing, Tony let his hand drop down to his side and he caressed the back of Vikki's leg just above her knee. Karen asked about the wine, very smooth he replied, as was Vikki's silky leg. Vikki did not show any distress at him stroking her leg. After nodding his approval she bent forward to pour the wine and gave him a nice view of the cleavage between her breasts.

By the look on Karen's face Tony could tell she had also taken a liking to Vikki and she knew what Tony had been up to, but she made no complaint, after all it was his birthday. Although Vikki wasn't in on her secret she was also teasing Tony by her actions.

As Vikki served Karen, she asked 

'Are you celebrating a special occasion this evening?' 

Karen replied 'Yes we are celebrating Tony's birthday'; 

Vikki smiled across to him. As they enjoyed their meal, Tony felt Karen's foot snake it's way up his leg, she looked in to his eyes and smiled as her foot reached his crotch and pressed against his hard erection. 

'hmm that feels good' She licked her red lips in a very seductive manner.

Following desert and coffee Karen ordered some more champagne and requested that Vikki deliver it to their room personally, she also requested that she bring three glasses. She seemed ok about this request.

They kissed romantically in the lift on the way up to their room, Karen felt his cock through his trousers. 

'I have asked for Vikki to provide room service. I hope you don't mind' she asked. 

'Not at all, as long as we can share her' he quickly replied. 

Tony let his hand trace a path up Karen's leg to the top of her stocking, and around the front to push aside her tiny briefs, that were little more than a g string, his fingers found her pussy very wet and welcoming. When they got into the room Tony start to undo her blouse and took off her wrap around skirt. Karen started to undo the buttons of his shirt.

There was then a soft knock on door, Karen opened the door to let Vikki in, she didn't appear to be embarrassed by their state of undress. Vikki opened champagne and poured them all a drink, they raised their glasses to drink a toast. 

Vikki proposed a toast 'To Tony may your birthday be a happy and sexy one' 

Tony lay back on the bed with his drink and asked Karen 

'So when does the entertainment start?'' 

He lay stroking his stiff cock as the girls watched.

Karen put her arm around Vikki and gently kissed her on the cheek, when she didn't pull way Karen gave her a full kiss on her mouth, in a short time Tony could see that their tongues intertwining. Karen started to undo Vikki's blouse and unhooked her bra to release her breasts, Karen dipped her head down and gently sucked on each of Vikki's large nipples. Vikki's hands went to Karen's shoulders as she went down on her knees and undid the zip of Vikki's short skirt, which dropped to the floor. Vikki looked delicious stood there in her stockings and small briefs, which Karen pulled down to reveal her shaven pussy. Vikki undid the bow in her hair and shook her head to let her hair flow down on to her shoulders.

Standing behind Vikki Tony cupped her breasts whilst Karen licked her pussy. Tony's cock pushed down between the cheeks of her ass. 

She turned her head to Tony and asked 

'How do I get some of that nice stiff cock of yours Tony. You can choose which hole you put it in too'.

'Oh that is for Karen to decide' he replied. 

They kissed, his tongue finding hers. Her knees went weak as Karen bought her to her first orgasm. He lifted Vikki up on to the bed and after a brief recovery she got up on to her hands and knees. he got behind her, Karen held his cock and teased Vikki's pussy with the head, moving it across her clitoris. 

'Go on Tony give what she wants' 

This was proving too much for Vikki and she pushed back on to his cock, which slipped in, in one delightful deep stroke. Vikki groaned when Tony was fully buried to the hilt.

Vikki reached back to play with her clitoris, so Karen got underneath her body and played with her clitoris as Tony thrust in and out of Vikki's tight pussy. Vikki lowered her head to suck on Karen's pussy. Tony was gripping Vikki's hips as he approached his climax flooding her pussy, some of their juices dripped out of Vikki's pussy, Karen lapped these up with her tongue. Karen rolled out from under Vikki with a broad grin on her face. Tony eased out of Vikki and they all hugged each other. 

'So if I was your first course, what is the next course' Vikki asked Tony 

'Oh I think I'm the main course' replied Karen looking very sensual.

Vikki noticed that his cock had deflated a little so she took him in her mouth and used her fingers to restore his cock to full stiffness so he could screw Karen. Whilst Vikki was sucking Tony's cock, Karen got between her legs and licked Tony's cum out of her pussy. She loved the taste and her tongue sent Vikki over the edge when Karen sucked her clitoris, She took Tony's cock out of her mouth and shrieked with joy as Karen brought her to climax. Karen was looking forward to a long sensual, slow and powerful screw. 

She got behind Tony and whispered in his ear. 

'I'm hot and ready for you big boy' 

She knew that Tony would last longer second time, he guessed she had let him screw Vikki first knowing she would get the best out of him later. .

Tony kissed Vikki and played with her breasts, 

'Thank you for letting us share you tonight' 

Vikki played with his stiff cock, 

'I think it's time you fucked Karen, she looks ready for it, and I had better go and get cleaned up and get back downstairs before I'm missed'.

Karen lay back on the bed, opening her legs to allow Tony to suck her pussy, but he knew what she wanted more than that. Karen let him lie on the bed and she climbed over his body and grasped his cock and drew him into her pussy as she lowered herself on to his straining cock. Karen started off with slow deep strokes, working his cock fully into her pussy, Tony pushed himself up to meet her as she pushed down. As she quickened up the pace she started to shriek and pant as she reached a peak, as Tony kept going so she got completely high from the pounding, she dug her scarlet nails into to smooth skin on my shoulders. It was a fantastic climax, Tony held still inside Karen to savour the moment.

Staying coupled they rolled over so Karen lay on the bed, he lifted her legs up over his shoulders and pushed deep into her pussy which was oozing with their mixed juices.

Karen stared in to his eyes and said to Tony 

'Fuck me again lover but this time harder, you know you want to. I want to be your fuck machine' 

He got back in to stride, his cock remaining hard, Karen used her vagina muscles to keep him ready to go and maintain the fiction inside her slippery hole. Karen eased her legs down until they were wrapped around his waist urging him on she was urging him on using language Tony had rarely heard from her before. Once again they both reached their climaxes and Tony almost collapsed on to Karen.

After a quick shower, Vikki returned in her waitress uniform, she said she would have to get back downstairs. They both thanked her for the evening, and they each gave her a kiss. 

'Would you be needing room service in the morning?' she asked. 

Karen said 'yes that would be nice', as she caressed Tony's cock. 

'Don't wear him out Karen will you'

Vikki let herself out, and Tony and Karen both went and had a shower together. Refreshed and cleaned up they retired to bed, they were soon both asleep exhausted from their evening.

The following morning with the sun shining through the curtains, Tony heard a soft knock on the door and then the key turning in the door lock. It was Vikki, she let herself in with her master key. She pushed in trolley of food, but the sight of her in her uniform again made him hungry for her again rather than food. The food could wait. 

'Good morning Vikki' he said.

'Good morning both I trust you both slept well'

She stood at the end of the bed and started to take off her clothes. First Vikki started by slowly undoing each of the buttons on her blouse one by one, she wasn't rushing this, her eyes were fixed on theirs, She turned around and pushed her blouse off each of her shoulders before throwing it to one side. Vikki then reached behind her back and undid her black bra, turning to face them as she did, she cupped her breasts as she took it off. 

She played with her nipples, teasing them until they ere fully erect. Undoing the clasp and the zip of her short skirt, she let it drop to the floor, and she pushed it to one side with her foot. She stood there in her stockings and suspenders, a pair of thong briefs, which barely covered her pussy and Come Fuck Me high heels. She bent forward slightly as she eased her thongs down her legs and threw them on the pile of other discarded clothes.

Vikki then turned around and with her back towards them, she bent forwards giving them both a close up view of her pussy and her arse. She reached back and started to gently play with her pussy, dipping her fingers deep inside. When she withdrew them, they shone with her juices. She then moved her attentions to her arse circling her opening with her fingers. Occasionally putting then back in her pussy to collect more lubrication and then she pushed her index finger in to her rear opening. It made her grasp with delight as her finger went fully in. she then paused and then started to work her finger in and out of her tight opening.

Seeing the lustful look on her face Karen knew what Vikki wanted, so she leaned forward and spread some lubrication on to Tony's cock. He got behind Vikki and made sure she was well lubricated and ready for his cock in her tightest of holes. Vikki wiggled her arse as Tony spread the lubrication on her arse, allowing his finger to slip inside her. Placing his cock at her rear entrance he applied some gentle pressure, and she pushed back to take him inside her. Tony didn't rush her, letting her take control. Once in he gently started to move in and out, his thrusts slow but deliberate at first. As she got used to his presence, she indicated that she wanted him deeper and for him to speed up. 

'Don't stop.... Fuck me harder Tony, I want you to fill me with your spunk' she pleaded.

Vikki was pushing back as he pushed in to her. The intensity of her orgasms increased, as Karen teased her clitoris with a vibrator before plunging it into her pussy. Tony had a tight grip on her hips as he plunged deep in an out of her tight ass. He could feel the vibrator in her pussy and he tried to control himself but it was difficult. Tony was reaching his peak and made sure he was fully buried inside her when he shot his load. It was an incredible sensation. He eased his cock out and they all lay on the bed 

Both Vikki and Karen hugged Tony and they kissed each other. Tony thanked Karen and Vikki for a fantastic night.

Tony suggested that they all went for a shower, Tony left Karen and Vikki in each other's arms whilst he got the water running. Karen kissed Vikki and told her 'I would like to see you some more' 

Karen gave Vikki their contact details and have seen each other frequently and have invited her to parties they have held since their time together at the hotel.