 Danny's eyes nearly popped out of their sockets as he soaked in the image on the computer screen in front of him. The longer he stared at the bare skinned vixen who'd made the website that he'd logged onto her home the less inclined he was to believe that he would be requiring a second opinion in order to confirm what it was that he already knew to be true.

It was really her.

That ball buster of an overseer that lorded over his fifth period health studies class and went by the moniker of Ms. Jacobs was now baring it all for the World Wide Web to see from what looked to be the confines of her very own bedroom.

Danny couldn't believe it. After years of fearing this woman's very studious presence here he was now watching her fondle her own voluptuous curves via her own personal webcam.

Standing outside of her classroom door, Danny waited as patiently as he could while watching the flood of students spill from the doorway and head out into the hall. The last bell of the day had sounded and he knew that it wouldn't be long before this facility was empty of the entirety of its student body.

Danny stepped inside of the quiet room to the sight of Ms. Jacobs moving through the aisles of desk toward the back of the room straightening each one as she passed.

When she heard the noise of her classroom door closing at her back she turned around and placed her eyes on the letterman jacket adorned young man that had been responsible for her distraction.

"Danny? What are you doing here?"

"I came to talk to you," he said, moving across the room. He stopped when he'd made it to the front of her desk and turned to face her.

He held a thin manila folder under his arm that Ms. Jacobs took momentary notice of before placing her eyes back on his face.

"Are you sure it's nothing that can't wait until tomorrow?" she said to him. "In case you hadn't noticed..." She pointed her thumb up towards the clock on the wall to her right. "...school's out for the day."

"It shouldn't take too long," Danny replied.

He stared across the room at the professionally dressed woman clad in her skirt and blouse looking back at him through the pair of glasses resting atop the bridge of her nose. Taking a look at the mass of hair that she had penned at the back of her head, Danny's mind was instantly teleported back to the vision of those flowing brown strands draped down over the twin heaps of flesh that ornamented her chest.

He'd stayed up half the night browsing the archives of her website, marveling at the way that she thrashed her hair all about as she lie back on her bed using her fingers to explore the more sensitive areas of her nude form.

"Besides...I'm aware of how dedicated you are to educating your students."

"If this is about you trying to weasel your way into another extension on your homework assignment then you can forget it," Ms. Jacobs said, crossing her arms in front of her chest.

"Actually I was hoping that I could be excused from the assignment altogether," Danny said. He removed the folder from beneath his arm and extended it out to her.

Ms. Jacobs moved toward the front of the class. When she was right in front of Danny she relieved him of the envelope and pried it open.

Danny flashed a big bright smile when he saw her jaw drop open and her eyes bug out from behind her glasses. "Maybe even all the assignments for the rest of the year, Ms. Jacobs," he said as he watched his health teacher continue to flip through what he knew were nude photos of her downloaded from her website. "Or is it Bambi?"

Ms. Jacobs slammed closed the folder and looked up at the sinister sneer that covered his face. "So that's it?" she said to him. "I let you skate by in this course and you keep your mouth shut about all this?"

"Not exactly, Ms. Jacobs," Danny said. The next thing Ms. Jacobs heard was the noise of a zipper. She pulled the folder into her chest and lowered her eyes to the sight of Danny shoving his hand inside of his pants. "I stayed up half the night watching Bambi slide her fingers in and out of the moistest cunt I've ever seen in my life."

Ms. Jacobs found her jaw once again lowering as she watched the student standing in front of her pull free a fully engorged erection for her to see. When Danny wrapped a fist around the rigid mass and began slowly sliding his hand up along the shaft and back down again she removed the glasses from the bridge of her nose just to make sure she was truly witnessing what couldn't possibly be happening right now.

"Do you want to know what I spent the other half doing?"

Ms. Jacobs lifted her eyes back up to his. "I see," dropping the spectacles into a pocket sewn into her blouse. "So what exactly is it that you want from me?" she said to the eager grin he wore.

"I'm not sure, Ms. Jacobs. What would Bambi do in a situation like this?"

Ms. Jacobs curved the corner of her lips up into a halfcocked grin. She turned around and tossed the manila folder on top of one of the desks behind her and pulled up a loose chair. Turning back around to Danny, she removed the pin holding up the hair in the back of her head and let the mass fall freely about her shoulders.

"First of all," she said, stepping closer to him. "Bambi would explain to you that you're going about that all wrong." Ms. Jacobs reached her hand down and wrapped her fingers around Danny's solid pole, replacing his. Her palm grasped tightly around the stick of meat until she was able to feel the pulse of the warm fluid that swelled it.

She leaned her lips down closer to his and gently parted them. "How in the world would you ever expect to drain those balls..." she whispered to him, reaching down with her free hand and cupping his sac snuggly. "...going about stroking this cock in such a piss poor manner."

Ms. Jacobs began stroking her tightly clutched palm up and down his shaft while rotating her wrist back and forth. Massaging the two hanging orbs between his legs, she found she had to lower her body just to keep herself in line with Danny as his knees began to buckle.

His mouth dropped open wide and a grunting gasp slipped from the opening. He felt his trembling erection begin to pound harder with every stroke of Ms. Jacobs' gripping fingers as she carried on with jacking him off in a manor that he'd never found possible on his most desperate excursion.

Finding his bearings once more, Danny hoisted himself back upright. Reaching his hands up, he snatched open her blouse and eagerly hoisted up the cups of her brassier. His eyes widened at the sight of the two magnificent mounds of flesh that spilled out from underneath their trappings.

He quickly smashed his fingers into each mass, grinding his palms against her stiffened nipples. Ms. Jacobs let out a soft high pitched moan and began to quicken the pace of her hand on his shaft.

"Oh, fuck yes," Danny said, staring down at the precum oozing head of his shaft that Ms. Jacobs jostled all about.

"Oh, fuck?" Ms. Jacobs mimicked him playfully. "I'll give you, Oh, fuck."

She released her hold on the boy and took a step back from him, much to his disappointment. She sat back in the chair behind her and scooted to the edge. "How about you come over here and fuck Bambi in her hot mouth. If you think you're up to it."

Danny was completely beside himself given the vision of the transformation that he had witnessed in the woman sitting before him. Watching this once so prudent schoolmarm that had made a career out of making his life miserable morph into the fictitious tramp that he had spent countless hours cumming over in his fantasies filled him with an excitement that he'd never dreamed possible.

If it was at all possible he could have sworn that he felt his already fully enraged hard-on expand two more millimeters in girth at the sight of the bubblegum pink tongue nestled inside of Ms. Jacobs' open mouth.

There was no more restraint left in him.

Danny rushed forward, angling the enlarged tip of his precum dripping rod toward the warm wetness that awaited it.

When he touched the tip of his aching prick to the back of Ms. Jacobs' throat she closed her lips around his shaft to the tune of a soft humming.

Following her orders to a tee, Danny continued hold a tight grasp around his pole as he slid it back and forth across her tickling tongue. Ms. Jacobs provided the void of suction and Danny was left with the task of thrusting his hips back and forth as he prepared to spill out into the back of her throat.

The oncoming sensation forced him to relinquish his grip on his shaft and clutch his palms into the mat of hair on either side of her head. "Yeah, Ms. Jacobs," he called out as he began to speed up his hips, pulling her head down over his shaft with every thrust forward.

"Dude, what the hell is this?" both Danny and Ms. Jacobs heard a voice call out.

She quickly pried her mouth loose from the trembling pole it had been impaled on and both she and the student standing before her turned their heads toward the classroom door. Standing there staring at the image of Danny's cock waving in front of Ms. Jacobs' face were the shocked faces belonging to both Edwin and Jared, each one clad in a letterman's jacket to match Danny's.

Lowering his eyes back down to his erection, Danny suddenly realized that his trembling rod had yet to be distracted by the interruption. An aching groan passed through his lips and Ms. Jacobs once again turned her sights back to the prick dangling in front of her face. It was just in time to watch Danny clutch his palm around it near the engorged head and begin spastically shaking the thing.

When it erupted a flowing river of white spilled out of the slit at the top and began to run down the length of his shaft, over his gripping finger, finally splashing down to the floor at his feet.

His grunts of pleasure soon morphed into noises of anger. He swung his head around to the door. "Ugh! You idiots!" he called out to them. "I was this close to doing it in her mouth," he spoke gruffly.

"What's going on?" Edwin said, unable to take his eyes off of the pair of naked breasts hanging out of Ms. Jacobs' open blouse.

"Boys," Danny said with a grin, turning his face back down to the woman sitting in front of him. "I'd like you to meet Bambi."

"I can't believe this!" Jared said as he scrambled to get Ms. Jacobs' skirt up over her waist. With her bent over the large desk in front of him, he seemed all too eager to get at the wriggling rear end beneath the thin layers of fabric. "Are you watching the door?" he called out to Danny in a panic.

"Will you hurry up and get to it already," Danny said back to him. He looked back over his shoulder and took one more quick peek out of the small window imbedded in the door. "There's nobody else here."

With those words of comfort still echoing in his ear, Jared gripped hold of the elastic band around Ms. Jacobs' waist and snatched her thin cotton panties down just far enough to reveal the voluptuous curves of her naked ass.

Edwin was standing next to Jared on his left and for a moment both boys stood mesmerized by the image in front of them. "C'mon," Edwin finally said, snapping Jared out of his trance. "Go on. Fuck her."

Still staring down at the glowing backside in front of him, Jared fumbled with the buckles of his pants until he was able to pry free his obscenely rigid erection. Lowering the hilt, he took one step forward and pressed the heated end of it into the opening of Ms. Jacobs' silk-lined cavern.

Releasing his hold on the shaft he held, Jared placed a hand on each one of her hips. With one long drawn out groan he pulled back on her hips and slowly slid the remainder of his petrified pole into the warmth of her body.

Edwin stood by and looked on in complete amazement as his friend began to forcefully slap the front of his pelvis against this teacher's lovely rump. The minute squeaks that began to slip from Ms. Jacobs' lips as Jared sped up the pace of his hips only fueled the fire welling up in him.

"Shit," Edwin said to his grunting friend. "I think you're making her cum." He walked around to the front of the desk and stared into the strained and twisted face of this woman. He watched as she reached a hand up and began pinching at her nipples, an act that appeared to draw an even louder squeal from her. "C'mon, Jared, do it!" Edwin called out, overwhelmed by the excitement of what he was witnessing.

Jared hardly had a mind to pay him much attention. Staring down at the sight of his now glistening shaft and reveling at the sensations Ms. Jacobs' constricted cunt placed on it was consuming all of his focus. Three more thrusts later and he'd reached the end of his rope.

"Fuuuck!" Jared called out as he forced his cock balls deep into Ms. Jacobs' hole. He continued to grunt in tune with each gush of fluid that he felt pulsate out of his rod.

He barely had a chance to feel himself go soft inside of her before he felt Edwin tugging back on his arm. No sooner than Jared had slid his shrinking stick out of her Edwin was behind the naked set of ass cheeks undoing his pants.

He managed to get his pants undone in half the time that it had taken Jared to do so and, just like his friend, his rod was already engorged to the point of bursting.

Danny continued to wait by the door, watching over the proceedings with a smug grin on his face. His smile widened at the view of Edwin approaching the slit between Ms. Jacobs' cheeks holding his tool at the ready.

Jared was distracted from doing up his pants by the sound of an ear piercing shriek emanating from Ms. Jacobs.

"Ooh! You little...!" she called out as she arched her back and threw her head back.

"What is it?" Jared asked with a tinge of laughter in his voice. He moved up closer to Edwin in order to get a better look at what exactly was going on.

"It's in my ass!" Ms. Jacobs called out before gasping in another loud breath. "Oh, you little shit. You're fucking me in my ass!"

Jared looked down at the two fleshy humps and saw that Edwin still had a great deal of his shaft exposed. He held on to the stiff rod with one hand and as Ms. Jacobs swiveled her hips around a bit Jared saw him slide a few more inches inside of her tightly clenched sphincter.

"Come on, Ms. Jacobs," Edwin spoke to her. He worked a little more of his shaft into her rectum. "Shiiit!" he breathed out as he stared down at Ms. Jacobs' writhing hips and what was left of his cock.

Ms. Jacobs let slip another loud shriek. Jared's eyes went wide when he saw her push back with her hips and engulf the whole of Edwin's tool up her backside.

It didn't take long for Jared to see a great deal of the shaft reappear again before being plunged back into the tunnel.

Despite Ms. Jacobs' cries and Edwin's strained grunts, Jared was still able to hear the slap of flesh against flesh as Ms. Jacobs' jostling cheeks withstood the onslaught of Edwin's pounding.

Edwin felt the sensation of the tight grip that Ms. Jacobs' ass had on his cock consume the entirety of his body. Reaching a hand forward and gripping his fingers around one of her exposed breasts, a carnal savagery overwhelmed him and he began to fuck Ms. Jacobs' hole without reproach.

Edwin's body shuddered and his knees threatened to give way as he felt his balls clench up closer to his body and his prick begin to spasm inside of the hole that held it. His thrusting never stopped as one burst after another emptied out of him and into the asshole that he simply refused to stop fucking.

Eventually he ran out of steam and the flaccid piece that he wielded slipped from Ms. Jacobs' hold. Reaching back to pull up her panties, Ms. Jacobs stood up straight and pulled down her skirt. "Can I assume that you'll all be wanting passing grades this semester?" she said to Danny.

"That," Danny spoke, "as well as to be excused from turning in assignments."

"Well now," Ms. Jacobs said, placing her glasses back on her face again. "I'm sure that we'll be able to come up with some sort of extracurricular activities that you boys can engage in in order to make up for all of the missed assignments."

By the end of the semester the boys all saw their way to passing with flying colors. And with each extra credit that they earned in Ms. Jacobs' bedroom, Bambi saw the earnings of her webcam site go through the roof.