 DAY ONE. TIME – 7pm

"And the last to join our Big Brother house is...Matt!"

As the announcer's voice echoed above me, I walked through the tunnel, opened the door at the end, and blinked heavily as my eyes adjusted to the bright lights in the new room. 

It was a huge living room, with couches against all the walls. 4 coffee tables and a dozen beanbags were scattered around the middle of the room. Cushions rested on every sofa. Sitting randomly around the room, on couches, beanbags and even on the tables were 11 strangers. My housemates for the next two weeks. 

All of them were staring at me. By their body language, they were all as nervous and uncomfortable as me. 

"Hi" I said, trying to act as confident as I could. "I'm Matt. I'm 30, and I'm from Brighton, England."

They echoed 'hi' back, before a young lady with dyed blond hair came and hugged me. Her skinny arms and larger-than-average boobs made it hard for her to put her arms around me. "Hi! I'm Candy. I'm American, obviously." She pointed at her stars+stripes top trying desperately to keep her boobs from escaping. "I'm sure we're all going to be the best of friends!"

I sat on the nearest sofa as they went in a circle, introducing themselves. 

First were the ladies. 

There was Candy, 19, from California.

A 20-year-old Indian woman called herself Maria. Her skin was a beautiful light brown. She had dark hair in a ponytail. She was average in height, wearing an Indian sarong wrapped tightly around her. 

A slightly chubby red head called Sarah. She was a Brit, like me, although from much further up north. She was 26. Several tattoos were visible under her t-shirt, and as she spoke, I thought I saw a tongue piercing. 

The next to speak was a Swedish woman with naturally blond hair and pale skin called Ivana. She didn't open her eyes, and I realised she was blind. She didn't say her age, but she looked 28 or 29. , 

The next to speak spoke with a ridiculously strong Russian accent, and announced herself as Lena from Moscow. She was 19 like Candy. Though nobody else had talked about their jobs, she was very keen to tell us she was a model, back in Russia. She really did have the body for being a model. 

Finally a small, quiet Japanese woman introduced herself as Shuko, age 20 from Tokyo. Her black hair kept covering her eyes, and she kept having to brush it out of her eyes as she spoke. She was the smallest of the girls, and seemed a quite flat-chested. She was only wearing black, in a modern Goth type of way. 

Next came the men. 

There was a Pakistani man called Praveen. He was 30, just like me. He was dressed in a brown tweed suit, complete with red tie, and looked extremely out of place. 

A man with extremely dark skin introduced himself as 28-year-old Kenyan Davide, giving a confident wink to Japanese Shuko, who blushed a deep red, and allowed her hair to cover her crimson face. He was the most confident in the room out of all of us. He was the tallest too, though not quite basketball levels of tall. 

Next was a blond guy with a tank top revealing huge forearms. In a think Australian accent he said his name was Jeff, and he was 18. With his hair in curls down to his shoulders, he looked like he'd just come in from surfing. 

After him, reclining on the sofa was Giuseppe. Though he had an Italian accent, he said he was from Brooklyn in the US. He had short, died blond hair, a deep tan and a permanent smile. I was surprised when he said he was 26, as he looked older than me. 

Finally came 24-year-old Henry, a German with a thick accent who spoke the bare minimum needed. He was clearly a man of few words. His hair was cut very short, and he had a wiry build.

And just to remind everyone, I introduced myself again. 

Six men, six women. One house and millions of worldwide viewers, watching our every move. What could go wrong? 

"I'm sure we will all be super good friends," said Candy, loudly as she sprung to 

her feet. "Now let's go exploring our new house!" 

––––––––––––––––-

Davide led the way out the room as I made a point to hug or handshake everyone before following the group. There were two doors out of the big living room, one to the left, the other to the right, as well as the thick black door to leave the house. The door I had just used. Davide led everyone to the right. Giuseppe took Ivana by the arm and led her carefully, describing everything for her.

Next to the living room was a large kitchen, complete with several ovens and microwaves, and a fully stocked fridge. There were two large dining room tables in the room also, giving space for all 12 of us to sit. 

It was evening, and I, like everyone else, had been given a big meal by the show's producers before entering the house. So we just poured ourselves wine, beer and other drinks, before moving onto the next room. 

There was a gym, full of exercise bikes, rowing machines and other bits of equipment. Jeff sat down next to a set of weights and started using them, trying to show off his muscles to the girls. Only Lena seemed to notice him however, as most were either following Davide into the next room, or admiring the gym equipment for themselves. 

The next room was a second living room, slightly smaller, with a huge TV on one wall, and a karaoke machine attached to it, as well as a Blue ray player and a large collection of movies. 

We walked back into the main living room, already talking to each other about how good everything looked. Taking the other door this time, into a long corridor. 

The wall on the left had lots of doors. 12 to be exact. The right hand side only had 2 doors, evenly placed along the corridor. As we walked through the long passageway, we saw our names on each of the doors. Mine was one of the first, after Maria's. There was a fingerprint lock on the door, and it only opened to me. 

Inside was a wardrobe, a bedside table, a mirror and a small, single bed. I was instantly disappointed. So was everyone else, by the way you could here them grown. I'd been used to a double bed, and to be honest, was hoping that I might be sharing a bed with one or two of the lovely ladies before the show was over. The wall opposite the door had a strange, small metal window. It opened from the top, and just seemed to lead to darkness. 

"It's for your dirty laundry," commented chubby Sarah, from the half-open doorway. She pointed up at the bedroom ceiling. There was a small door above the bed. She pulled a pillowcase off one of the pillows and put it down the window-hatch. About 10 seconds later, the ceiling door opened and a new, clean pillowcase dropped softly onto the bed. "Neat isn't it" she said, "I was hoping for a bit of a bigger bed though". She jiggled an arm, showing her larger proportions. I laughed. "You and me both. I need space when I sleep." I replied. 

She was about to comment something else, when a shout was heard from the corridor. "Hey guys!" It was Candy again. "You have to come see this!"

Sarah and I went out of my room, to try and see where the noise was coming from. We tried the first door, but it was only toilets. So we tried the other door, at the other end of the bedroom corridor. Others from the group joined us as we walked. 

The door let to a small room, with towels and benches. This room had 2 glass doors, with the words 'SAUNA' and 'SHOWER' engraved onto the glass. Beside each door was an electronic sign. Beside the shower, it said 'MINIMUM ONE', and beside the sauna was 'MINIMUM 2'. Candy was already in the shower room, still fully clothed. We opened the door and walked through. It was a large room, about the size of a school classroom. The ceiling in the shower room had water pouring out of it in 12 different locations. Some were pouring gently, while others looked like a waterfall. I put my hand out to feel the water. It was a perfect temperature for showering. There was also a bench in the middle, and a few more around the edges of the room. One wall showed the controls for each water stream, and held dispensers for 25 different types of shampoo, conditioner and body wash. It was the shower of my wildest dreams. It almost made me want to get naked right away, but I held off, planning to get a shower before bed instead.

"There is only one shower?" Asked Shuko, quietly. 

"YEP!" Answered Davide, a little louder than was needed. "So you'll either have to wait your turn, or you can always shower with me." he said, leering slightly at her. One of his hands held his crotch suggestively. She was clearly uncomfortable, so I stepped into the conversation. "Don't worry," I said. "There will be lots of time for each of us to shower PRIVATLY". The last word was said as I locked eyes on Davide. His eyes widened for a moment in anger, before calming down. He laughed it off. "I prefer the sauna anyway" he said, and walked off into the other room. 

The majority of the group moved into the main living room, and spent the next few hours chatting and getting to know each other. We learned about each other's jobs and families, and how they came to apply for the show. 

"What about you, Matt?" Asked Ivana. She had just been telling everyone how she was a psychologist, and had heard that this 'extreme' edition of Big Brother was going to be a lot more like a psychology experiment, rather than a traditional reality TV show. That's why she had applied. 

I explained simply that it was the money. "I'm a history teacher, but I've only had one year so far, so I'm on a pretty low wage. And I'm living in Brighton, one of the most expensive cities in England, after London. Right now I can barely pay my rent. So I applied for the show. And it didn't need much to be qualified – be under 32 and speak English as a first or second language. Easy for me! Sure, I want to win the $5 million dollars, but even if I don't, they are giving us $50,000 for every 24hours in the house. Even if I don't win, if I can stay here for a week, I'll be able to buy myself an apartment when we get out. And I get to spend a few weeks in a nice house with interesting people. It seems like a win/win situation." 

With that I gave a yawn, said my goodnights, and headed off to my small, single bed, via the amazing shower room. 

DAY TWO. 9am. 

The bed had been surprisingly comfortable. I could hear other people moving around outside. I got up, and looked for some clean clothes. Though I had brought a suitcase full of different clothes with me, all I could find in my room was underwear. It was as if Big Brother had starting unpacking my clothes, and given up after 2 minutes. I tried throwing yesterday's clothes into the laundry chute, but only more underwear dropped from the ceiling. 

Suddenly the voice of Big Brother boomed though the whole house. It was still a women's voice, but it was more robotic now. More like a voice made by a machine, rather than a TV presenter, like it had been before. 

"This is Big Brother. All housemates will assemble in the main living room for today's instructions. You have 4 minutes." 

I put on my best pair of boxers, and poked my head out the door. To my surprise, everyone else seemed to be in his or her underwear too! Giuseppe and Davide were strolling along the corridor without a care, while Praveen was hugging the walls sheepishly, trying to cover his small, red underwear with his right hand, and hide his bare chest with the other. 

I decided it was better to be confident, rather than sheepish. I put my shoulders back, my head straight forward and walked straight out of my door. And straight into little Shuko! Losing balance, I landed on top of her, face to face, my body pressing heavily onto her small frame. She had black panties and a matching black bra, although it was barely needed for her tiny boobs. She went to scream, but she was panicked, frozen by surprise. I quickly got off her, apologising for bumping into her. She apologised too, even though I told her there was nothing to apologise for. She almost ran down the corridor to get away from the awkwardness. 

Suddenly a hand reached out from behind me and grabbed my cock through my shorts. "Good morning sailor" said Sarah, in a flirting voice, as she let go and walked past in red bra and panties towards the living room. I looked down in shock to realise I had gotten hard from just those few moments of having little Shuko writhing beneath me. I covered myself with my right hand, and tried to walk down the corridor without drawing attention to it. 

In the living room, almost everyone had arrived, and they were all in their underwear too. Some were confident; others were trying to hide their bodies. They were all shouting for big brother, but there was no answer. Someone tried to open the door to leave the house, but it was locked. 

Finally Ivana entered the room, using a hand to guide herself along the walls. "I'm sorry everyone. I seem to be having problems. I cannot find my clothes. Can one of the ladies help me?" She asked, her blindness making her unaware that we were all in the same boat as her. 

Everyone tried to speak at the same time, trying to explain to her the situation, but Big Brother's booming voice cut everyone off. 

"This is the voice of Big Brother. For the remained of your time within this house, you will only be allowed to wear your underwear. All other clothing is forbidden. This is a permanent house rule." 

Silence filled the house as Big Brother continued. 

"Until told otherwise, the following additional house rule will be in place. No sexual contact will be allowed. This includes masturbation and with other housemates. This applies in all areas of the house, including public and private. We will be monitoring you carefully. If you disagree with these rules, the exit door is now unlocked. If you leave now, your prize money will be... $0. That is all. Please enter the kitchen area and enjoy breakfast". 

As Big Brother became silent, everyone began shouting again. Most were angry, saying they hadn't signed up for this. Davide was joking around, asking how he can cope without any sexual release, and all these beautiful ladies in their underwear all around him. He had a boner trying to escape from his shorts. He wasn't the only one. Most of the guys seemed to be hiding tent poles. 

Praveen was clearly the most uncomfortable guy, just as Shuko was for the ladies. He stood up and walked towards the exit. 

"Wait Praveen" shouted Henry. The German man had been silent in the discussions until now. Everyone quieted to hear him. "If you leave now, you get nothing. We have already seen your underwear. There is no shame. If you want to leave, wait until 6pm tonight. Then you will have some prize money. What are a few hours? Sit in the film room until then. Or hide in your bedroom if you must. You win nothing if you leave now."

Praveen stepped away from the door, convinced by Henry's answer. Without looking at anyone, he walked out of the room, and back into his bedroom. 

An awkward silence was broken, as usual by Candy. "I like his underwear. Red suits him." Within seconds the whole room was laughing, with the exception of Candy, who didn't understand what was funny. Her underwear, like her clothes from yesterday, was the American flag. 

As we all walked into the kitchen, she suddenly stopped. "Oh, I've just realised! I feel so naked. I haven't had my cell phone on me in hours!"

So our first breakfast together was full of laughter. 

–––––––––––––––––

We all relaxed more as the day went on. Praveen came out of his room, although he was still very shy. We watched some movies and talked more in the other living room. For lunch, Jeff cooked a lamb and rice dish. He told us all proudly that cooking was one of his hobbies. Giuseppe offered to cook pizza for us later that evening, but what he meant was that he would take the frozen pizzas out and put them in the oven. Even that was a struggle for him, as he burned one of the four pizzas. 

In the afternoon, I was struggling. So many beautiful women around, practically naked. Several times I'd borrowed a pillow to hide myself. The girls had decided to make it a game, and were competing with each other on how many times they can make the boys 'rise'. Even Shuko was playing, and began teasing me about our encounter in the corridor. Both Sarah and Lena had told about times with boys, (and even girls in Sarah's case), before getting bored and leaving the group. Of all the 'players', Ivana was the best at it. Maybe because she couldn't see us, she was more comfortable sharing personal, sexual information. She began telling us all about her first threesome, her and two young male 18 year old interns. As she described the scene in the hotel room, one of the interns in her mouth, and the other about to enter her asshole, it was too much for me, and I left the room quickly. The girls squealed in delight as I moved away, covering my huge erection. 

Without warning, Big Brother's voice boomed through the entire house. "This is Big Brother. Sarah Brown stop masturbating. This is your first warning". 

More giggling came from the living room at the announcement. I decided a nice cold shower might be the thing to calm me down. As I entered the towel room, Sarah walked naked out of the shower room. I turned away quickly, apologising. 

"C'mon!" she exclaimed. "This house is designed to have us see each other naked. Why else do you think the glass door?" She put her red panties on again, and then struggled to replace her bra. "I'd ask for help" she said, "but it might count as sexual contact, and I don't want to get you expelled. Speaking of sexual contact...was my announcement..."

"Yep." I replied to her unspoken question. "We all heard it." 

"Great!" She exclaimed sarcastically. "I can't believe I don't get to 'flick the bean'. It's killing me here." She managed to finally hook her bra back together. She leaned over to me. "Do you want to know who I was thinking about? Until I was rudely interrupted." 

"That's easy," I replied in a jokey way, trying to defuse the sexual tension growing. "Lena the Russian goddess." 

"Ha ha!" She replied, with almost a snort of a laugh. She opened the door to the corridor, walked halfway through the door before turning round. "Praveen, in his little trunks. Red really is his colour". She left with a sexy wink. I found the controls to the shower's temperature, and set the water to cold. Very cold. 

–––––––––––

I used the gym for an hour after the pizza, hoping to turn my sexual energy elsewhere. I wasn't the only one. Most of us were in there, using the running machines or lifting weights. All of us trying hard not to notice how sexy Lena's ass was as she ran on the treadmill. She was an ice queen with the body of a goddess. Everything seemed to be perfectly proportioned. Boobs, waist, legs, ass. And all natural, she promised us. We believed her. 

The late evening was filled with Vodka and Karaoke. We all squeezed into the smaller TV room, and were taking turns on the machine. Praveen had gotten over his shyness, and had managed to sing 'Why Why Why, Delilah' to our great, drunken applause. Jeff had been embarrassed earlier, after Big Brother caught him masturbating in the toilets. But he bounced back and was soon singing 'Tubthumping' with Henry. I did my normal karaoke songs, and received great applause for 'Summer of 69'. 

Near-naked girls and Karaoke. It was a good night. 

We all sung 'Living on a Prayer' together before all heading for bed. As I fell down on my single mattress and wriggled under the covers, nothing could be heard but gentle snoring and...

"This is Big Brother. Davide Williamstone stop masturbating. This is your first warning".

–––––––––––