 6 men, 6 women, 1 house and millions of viewers. What could go wrong? 

----------------------

DAY THREE. 9AM

Big Brother's voice woke me. It seemed that 9am would be wake-up time from now on. Better than the 6am I usually have during school term time, but not as good as the 10am I usually managed on weekends and school holidays. 

"This is Big Brother. All housemates will assemble in the main living room for today's instructions. You have 4 minutes." 

I managed to leave my room without knocking anyone over, and found a nice seat on a corner sofa. I was one of the first. Everyone else trickled in, some holding their heads and mumbling about aspirin. Maybe they weren't used to Russian vodka. Lena certainly didn't seem to be having a problem. Shuko helped Ivana in. Giuseppe was the last to slouch into the room, landing in a heap of beanbags. 

"This is the voice of Big Brother. You have all had a good 24 hours. As a reward, your bedding areas will be changed to make your rooms more comfortable. Therefore, the bedrooms will be unavailable after 10am. They will be available again one hour after this evening's task. The toilets and shower room will still be available. "

Whispers went round the room at the mention of a task.

"The task will take place at 6pm. It will be sexual in nature. If you are unhappy with this, you are welcome to leave the house. If you leave now, you will receive....$50,000." 

Silence filled the room. The voice continued. 

"If you stay and complete the task, the received money will be $100,000. Furthermore, two housemates will be expelled from the house. This will be decided by their behaviour during the task. The expelled housemates will still receive $100,000, provided they complete the task. Reminder -- Sexual contact is still forbidden until the beginning of tonight's task. That is all." 

We moved into the kitchen for breakfast. I took my cereal and coffee, and sat next to Paveen. To our left, most of the girls were sitting together. Ivana was having them take turns describing our underwear for her, as she couldn't see herself. Paveen's simple tighty-whiteys were not drawing the attention yesterday's red pair did. However, my Andy Warhol 'Soup' boxers were getting me a fair amount of positive comments. 

"Hey Paveen" I said as I sat. "How are you doing today?"

"I am good Matt, thank you for asking." 

"How are you feeling about the task?" I enquired. "I know you were feeling uncomfortable yesterday."

He nodded. "It is true. Yesterday I was not feeling positive. But I had revelation in the night. I decided I would not quit. Instead I will win. I will do everything, and survive every humiliation."

"Good for you." I replied. I offered him my hand in friendship. "May the best man win."

--------------------------

It was hard to do anything, wondering about the task later, and the reasons we might be expelled. Though we'd only been together for a short time, we already felt like close friends. Sitting in the big living room after lunch, Candy led the discussion. Everyone except Henry and Giuseppe was there. 

"What if we have to fuck each other?" She asked spontaneously. 

"It's possible." replied Maria, from across the room. "And if not today, then maybe tomorrow, or the day after that."

Candy thought about it for a moment. "I don't want my daddy to watch if we have to have sex." She lifted her head up and shouted at the ceiling "DADDY, DON'T WATCH ME HAVING SEX"

We all burst about laughing. "Candy," interjected Shuko. "I hope all our families know not to watch us. It would bring great shame on me if my family were to watch." 

"AH! It's no matter," said Davide. "My parents have walked in on me having sex 3 times. It is no matter if it is 4."

"No matter for you!" I laughed back. "Some of us understand how to be discreet about such things."

"My father was proud when he first walked in on me. He told me after, he was proud he knew I was now a man." 

"What about the second, or the third time" asked Ivana. "Did that make him even more proud?"

Davide opened his hands apologetically. "Well, the third time it was with my aunty, his youngest sister, so no, it did not make him proud then!" 

We all laughed hard, and Jeff slapped him on the back jovially. 

Candy changed the tone again. "What if we get pregnant? I don't want to get pregnant. And I can't have an abortion. Daddy says abortion is wrong."

"Abortion is not wrong" Sarah snapped, almost aggressively. A bit calmer, she continued, "anyway, we can't get pregnant. We are all on the pill. That little pill by your bed each morning." 

"Oh" Candy replied, her eyes wide open. "I did wonder what that was for. It tastes funny." 

"And don't worry about STIs" I interjected. "We all got tested before we came here."

It was true. We had all arrived 5 or 6 days before the TV show was due to begin. Attached to the Big Brother house was a medical facility. They had checked us over and subjected us to several different tests before entering the house. 

"That's good," replied Candy, seeming satisfied. She absentmindedly scratched at the golden eagle that currently adorned the front of her panties. Several of us guys started reaching for pillows, almost instinctively.

"We might not be having sex." Suggested Shuko. "Maybe we will just play with ourselves. My boyfriend back in Japan likes to watch me play with myself."

"My girlfriend likes to watch me, too" said Sarah, agreeing with Shuko. 

"You are lesbian?" asked Lena, matter-of-factly. 

"Bisexual." She replied. "I've got a girlfriend at the moment, back in Hull. She's OK with me doing anything I need to in here, as long as it helps me win. And If I do win this, I'll buy 2 mansions, and 2 golden vibrators!" 

The conversation moved on to how we would spend our winnings. I'd already heard this three or four times. So instead, a few others and myself left to the smaller living room. We switched from karaoke to the blue ray player, and found the least sexual movie we could, trying to keep our minds off 6pm. So we watched Kung Fu Panda until Big Brother called us for 6pm. 

--------------------------------

At 6, we all moved into the main living room. We were instructed by Big Brother to clear a space in the centre of the room. The floor in the room was laminate, but thousands of little LEDs started lighting up under the floor, creating a large, long rectangle, with two rows of 6 smaller boxes inside. Candy remarked how it looked like a chocolate bar, as we cleared the tables and beanbags away. Each of the 12 smaller boxes was big enough for one person to sit or stand in. 

Once clear, we were told to sit on the couches to hear further instructions. The men were to sit on the left, and the ladies to the right. 

"The rule for sexual contact has now been lifted. For the rest of your time in the Big Brother house, sexual contact will be permitted. This includes masturbation."

"FINALLY" shouted out Davide, jokingly starting to stroke his manhood from outside his boxers. 

"Please listen carefully to the following instructions." Big Brother continued. "The male housemates will now remove their underwear and stand within their allotted boxes."

All six boxes on the left side lit up, displaying our names. 

We hesitantly removed our underwear, and stood in a line on our names. I had Jeff to my left, and Giuseppe to my right. We were now naked in front of the women. All of us had erections. Davide's was clearly the longest, by at least one inch. Widest too. Jeff's was second longest. Mine, Henry's and Giuseppe's were all roughly the same length, although mine was a little thicker than both of theirs. Paveen's was the shortest. It was at least an inch shorter than all the others.

The girls stared at our upright cocks, now facing them as they sat on the couches nearby. Some were giggling, others were silent. Shuko looked like she had never seen that many cocks before.

Big Brother continued the instructions. "At the sound of the first horn, each woman will kneel on their allotted square. On the sound of the second horn, each woman will begin giving a blow-job to their randomly allocated men."

The names lit up on the 6 squares. Maria's name lit up in front of mine. 

"Before we begin, all must understand the following rules. Everyone -- you are not permitted to leave your allocated square. Doing so means immediate failure. Women - may only touch yourself and your allocated partner. Men -- you are not allowed to touch anyone but yourself. Neither your partner nor those around you. Do you all understand?" 

We chorused back a mutter of agreements. 

"The first man to cum" continued the voice from above "will be expelled from the house."

We men all looked at each other, wondering who had most control. After more than 36 hours without any release, all of us would be finding this hard.

"The woman who gives the worst blow-job, decided by whoever is the last to make their partner cum, will also be expelled."

At this point the women were looking at each other, before again looking at us men. We all had realized. They had turned blowjobs into a competitive sport. 

The first horn sounded. It was time to focus. Maria helped Ivana find Paveen, the blind woman's 'partner' for the task. Then she kneeled down in front of me, staring at my hard cock. 

We were all assembled. 

On one end, Shuko kneeled next to German Henry. 

Next to her, Lena knelt down, staring at Davide's black monster of a cock.

Next, Ivana kneeled, her eyes closed but ready to start on Paveen's brown dick. 

Sarah was next, her chunky legs kneeling in front of Australian Jeff. She was looking at his dick like a predator. He almost seemed frightened by the look in her eyes. 

I was next, with Maria kneeling softly. There was a determination in her eyes. I knew she would do everything possible to make me cum. 

Finally, on my other side, was Candy. She almost looked bored, sitting in front of Giuseppe's cock. I wondered if she understood how important it was for her to make this the best blowjob of her life. 

The second horn went, and Maria placed my cock straight into her open month. I felt the warmth of it immediately. As she turned her tongue around and around it, I knew she was good at giving head. 

At first, she slid her mouth up and down my cock, sucking gently. I closed my eyes, and tried to think of something else. ANYTHING else. But without sight, I was focused more on the amazing feelings coming from down below. So I opened my eyes, and looked down at her, as she sucked. As my eyes met hers, she pulled my dick out her mouth, and instead starting to lick up and down it. The flat of her tongue felt good as it moved around and around my member. I could see one of her small, brown hands was down between her own legs, playing with herself as her mouth moved around my cock. The sight of her playing with herself almost made me cum, and I looked away quickly, determined not to be the first to shoot. 

Instead I looked around at the other couples. 

Candy was doing a good job with Giuseppe, but he didn't look as far gone as me. I turned the other way, and saw Jeff, muttering 'no no no' to himself as Sarah deep throated his cock. He looked ready to burst. A good sign for me. 

A burst of pleasure hit me. Maria had seen Sarah, and had taken inspiration. She had my cock as far down her throat as she could. The gag reflex was ticking the very edge of my dick in the most amazing way. It felt almost better than pussy. I had to focus. 

I moved my attention to Ivana and Paveen. "Look at his small dick" I thought to myself. "Focus on his small, unattractive dick."

It was smaller than the rest, but that wasn't stopping Ivana from bobbing her head up and down on it. She wasn't varying her actions, just keeping a steady rhythm. 

Davide looked so happy, as Lena sucked his massive cock. He had his eyes closed and his hands on his head. She, however, seemed to be struggling with the sheer size of it. "Good for him" I thought. "Bad for me. Bad for her"

Finally my gaze focused on Shuko and Henry. She too seemed to be struggling. Henry's face was impassive, not showing her what actions were more or less enjoyable for him. She was trying everything she saw from the others. She licked it up and down. She sucked it, letting her tongue stroke it inside her warm mouth. She tried to push it down her throat as far as she could, although it was clearly the first time she had tried to deep-throat a cock. 

Suddenly a noise from the line. Paveen's brown cock spasmed and shot white cum all over Ivana's face. He had lost. 

I realized it was safe to cum. I looked back down to Maria, still working my cock as if it was the most important thing in the world. She had moved back to licking it with the flat of her tongue. We made eye contact, and I tried to show her through my eyes that I wasn't fighting her anymore. She moved the cock back into her warm mouth. I didn't need much more than that. I moved my gaze down lower, to her fingers, still playing with her pussy. It was so incredibly sexy. At once I exploded in her mouth. She didn't flinch, and swallowed spasm after spasm. 

As my orgasm subsided, I looked to my right and left. At some point in my final moments, Jeff had cum, his milky white fluid covering Sarah's red hair. I didn't know who had cum first, him or me. But we were both safe, I knew that. 

The pairs that were finished moved carefully away. The girls popped into the kitchen to find something to rinse with, before returning to watch the remaining couples. I wanted to thank Maria, but now was not the time. Paveen was sitting sullenly in a corner. He knew he was leaving after the task was over. 

"Yay!" Shouted Candy, as Giuseppe's spunk covered her lips. 

Now there were only two. Both girls seemed to be struggling. Shuko seemed at a loss as to which moves he most liked. Finally, she caught a flicker of a smile when she began to play with his balls while her mouth sucked hard on his cock, and twenty seconds later he came hard, into her petit mouth. She waited for Henry to finish, before running to the kitchen sink to spit his cum out. 

Lena stopped sucking the black cock at that point. "I lose. I stop. Why to carry on?" 

She was about to stand up and leave her square, when Guiseppe reminded her "you've got to finish the task to get the $100,000. That's $50k just for making Davide cum."

Hesitantly, she returned to the cock. The others started cheering her on. They urged Davide to shoot his load. Both Candy and Sarah sat on the couch opposite Davide, panties down, fingering themselves in front of him. Sarah was about to put her third finger inside when the Kenyan man grunted and shot cum out like a hosepipe onto Lena's face. 

As the Russian ran to the shower to clean herself off, the other guys went to pat Davide on the back. 

"No wonder your parents always walk in on you during sex" I quipped at him "you take forever to cum!"

He laughed. "The ladies normally like it that way. I think Lena is the first to ever complain!"

We continued to laugh, but stopped when Lena returned, cum still dripping down her face. "The shower has changed. It needs two now. It won't work for one" 

"I'll go with you" replied Ivana "If you don't mind guiding me." 

The pair left together. 

Over the next half an hour, we all went in pairs to shower. It was true what Lena had said. The shower now said 'MINUMUM 2', while the sauna had moved to 'MINUMUM 4'. 

I went to the showers with Praveen, all the time reassuring him that it wasn't his fault, and that Ivana's magic mouth probably would have finished all of us pretty quickly. After his initial disappointment, he livened up. "At least I go home with $100k. It is still a fortune, in the area my parents live. I can give them a new home, and begin the software company I have always dreamed about."

-----------------------

At 7pm, we said goodbye to Lena and Paveen. The joy of passing the first task was balanced with the sadness of losing two friends. In the kitchen, the remaining ten of us drunk the last of the Russian vodka in honour of Lena. We didn't have any Pakistani alcohol to toast Paveen with, so we drunk a shot of whiskey for him instead, and talked about our memories of each of them. Davide was silent through the whole of the remembrance. He had liked Lena, and was sad because, in some ways, he was the cause of her leaving. 

Though Maria was not silent, she did not speak to me. I realized towards the end of the evening, that none of the 'partners' were speaking to each other. I resolved not to let this become a permanent problem, and when Maria started yawning, I offered to walk her to her room. Hesitantly, she agreed. 

"I just wanted to thank you," I said to her, as we walked through the big living room. "Giving a blow-job to an almost stranger can't be easy. It was a really good blowjob. One of the best I've ever had." 

"Thanks," she replied, hesitantly. "I'm glad you didn't cum first. I don't want you to leave the house yet." 

I moved forwards towards her and kissed her gently on the lips. Her mouth opened to mine as I put my hand behind her head. Slowly, after a minute, we broke away. 

We moved to the bedroom corridor. Instead of 12 doors, now there were only 10. Maria's was still next to mine. She walked through her door, then I moved to mine. 

As I used the fingerprint ID to open my door, I was shocked to see what was inside. It was Maria!

As I stepped further into the room, it was clear what had changed. They had taken our 12 single rooms, and changed them into 5 double rooms, each with 2 doors. The single beds had been replaced with a large double bed, possibly king-sized. The other furniture was still there. Two near-empty wardrobes, two mirrors and two bedside cabinets. There was also now a small sink, with two toothbrushes beside it.

We stepped out of the room and examined the hallway, seeing the order of names. If their rooms were the same as ours, then the blowjob couples would all be sharing rooms tonight. At the very far end of the room, Davide had been put with Ivana. I wondered what those two would make of the coupling. And I wondered who would wear the other one out first. I could still hear talking and joking from the kitchen, and realized it would be a while before the others discovered the new sleeping arrangements. Maria took my hand, and led me back to our room. 

Once both doors were closed, she sat me down on the bed, and she sat beside me. 

"I'm grateful to you, Matt. As soon as Paveen had cum, you released yourself too. I think you could have waited longer, if you wanted."

I went to speak, and explain how truly close I had been, but she lightly put a finger to my mouth to stop me talking. This was her turn. 

"I have a husband, back in India. Though we have agreed that I may do anything I must to win, including having sex with other men, I don't think I'm ready to have sex with you yet. Or any other men. Not yet. And I also need you to know, that though you are a nice man, with a very nice cock, it is not love I feel for you. Though tonight is for us, understand that tomorrow I may be having sex with another man, or even another woman."

She moved her finger away, allowing me my turn to speak.

"I understand Maria. And I feel the same. We are all here to win. We are not in love, we are....fuck-buddies. Nothing more. Though you are a gorgeous girl, and your husband is a lucky man."

She smiled at that. 

"And I'd never force a girl to do anything she doesn't want to do. I won't fuck you, unless you ask me to. But I would like to cuddle tonight, under the blankets, if you don't mind. I'd like to hold you in my arms."

She kissed me, on the lips, and told me to get ready for bed. She left the room for the toilets. I brushed my teeth quickly, then moved under the bedsheets, waiting for her return. After a few minutes the door opened, and Maria reentered the room. She switched off the lights, the room becoming almost entirely pitch black. She moved herself under the covers, found my face, and kissed it passionately. I felt my cock stirring, and felt the primal temptation to mount her. Remembering her wishes, I turned her body away, and made her become a little spoon to my big spoon. I'd taken my boxers off, and she had removed her bra, but kept her panties on. That helped my self control. 
