 DAY 5. 8.15am

I woke to a pleasant feeling. As I opened my eyes, I saw a hand was wrapped around my erect cock, moving it up and down gently. I moved my gaze to follow the sight, and realized it was connected to Ivana. But she wasn't really paying me any attention. I was a side point. Most of her attention was taken up by Candy, who was again on top of Ivana, face to face, kissing her passionately. The three remaining arms were around each other, more lovingly than the previous night, where lust had overridden romance. This looked more like two women who truly cared for each other, rather than two women in the heat of passion. I just lay next to them, watching and enjoying Ivana's gentle movements. To interrupt the moment would have been criminal.

After about fifteen or twenty minutes, they finished their embrace, with Candy rolling over and cuddling up with Ivana. Candy offered to finish me with a blowjob, but I politely declined. It didn't feel right in the moment. Instead we helped dress each other, and moved into the living room, ready for the next Big Brother announcement. I thought about suggesting a shower together, but realized it would only make us horny again, and we didn't really have time to restart the threesome. 

True enough, at 9am came Big Brother's usual announcement to gather. Shuko and Jeff were the first to join us in the living room, holding hands as they walked in together, and sat on a nearby set of beanbags, Shuko curling her body into Jeff's. I hoped they weren't developing feeling for each other, as Big Brother's tasks would surely have them fucking other people soon. 

Next came Henry and Maria. They walked in together, but not holding hands or connected in any way. Maria had a contented smile on her face, and Henry was his usual impassive expression. They didn't sit together. Instead, Henry moved near me, and Maria found a couch to herself near the kitchen door. Finally, Sarah walked in, followed by Davide. He was looking more tired than she was, and I wondered if his sexual stamina was working against him. 

Big Brother's announcement came through the speakers in the usual, robotic female tones. "This is Big Brother. Congratulations on another successful day. Board games have been provided for your entertainment. Tonight's task will be at 6pm. One female contestant will be evicted. Any contestants who fail to achieve the task will also be evicted. It will involve penetrative sex."

"Penetrative sex!" Shouted out Sarah, in mock outrage. "I'm shocked!" We all burst out laughing. 

"I'd be surprised if it didn't involve sex!" replied Jeff loudly. 

"Disappointed, you mean," Shuko said to him, leaning up to kiss him softly on the lips. 

I shared a moment of eye contact with Maria. I could see she was having the same concern for the pair that I was. I gave a small hand signal to her, suggesting she wait behind. As the others got up for the kitchen to make breakfast, I sat next to her for a quiet word in the living room. 

"I'm worried those two are getting a bit...close." I said to her in hushed tones. It wouldn't be good for the atmosphere of the house, to find we were talking about the others. 

"I agree. It will only end in heartbreak later." She replied softly. "Do you have a suggestion?"

I thought for a moment. "I'll take all the boys for a shower later. We can chat to Jeff. Then you take all the girls after, and speak to Shuko. I'm sure Sarah and the others will help you explain the danger of a romantic attachment."

She agreed, and we moved into the kitchen, pretending that we weren't secretly conspiring. I saw a questioning glance from Henry, but nobody else seemed to notice. I explained to him later after breakfast, while using the treadmill in the gym. He agreed with the concerns, and our chosen plan. We were feeling more relaxed today, knowing that we (guys) wouldn't be facing eviction today. The girls instead were feeling more worried. This was clear by the non-stop Disney marathon they had decided to put on in the TV/karaoke room. After watching Lilo and Stitch with them after lunch, Henry, Jeff, Sarah and I moved into the kitchen to play bored games. Davide had gone off for a nap, hoping to feel more refreshed before 6pm's task. We played Monopoly (Henry won) and a couple of games of Settlers of Catan (with me winning both games) before our black friend returned from his sleep. It seemed a good moment, and I suggested that us guys would go and 'get ourselves nice and clean ready for later'. I had to use all my skills in non-verbal facial expressions to convince Davide to join us, and that it wasn't going to turn into a gay orgy. 

Inside the shower, we all relaxed. It was possibly the first moment we had spent together as guys. Henry helped me lead the conversation, asking the others how they were feeling about it all, and how they felt about doing what was needed to stay in the house. I finished our chat by reminding everyone (and taking great care not to look too much at Jeff) that we should avoid building romantic attachments with anyone. "For example" I explained, "If I develop a strong romantic feeling for Ivana, I won't feel good when I see her the next day with Henry's balls in her mouth and Davide's huge dick pounding her ass!" They all laughed at that, but Jeff's laugh was more hesitant. I wondered if he was imagining Shuko in place of Ivana, and how he would feel to see that. I made a point to pat him, fatherly, on the shoulder as we left the towel room, all clean and ready for whatever tonight would throw at us. The girls went into the shower after us, making jokes about us using all the hot water. Davide promised to visit them in ten minutes, so he could jerk off to the lesbian orgy. He kept his promise, but returned quickly after, annoyed that they were only sitting and talking. 

As we left the shower room, we noticed that the far right bedroom, at the far end of the corridor, was listed as out of use, and sounded like workmen were making changes inside. The speculation led conversations right up to 6pm.

-----

At 5.58pm, all the girls seemed nervous, sitting quietly in the living room. All except Ivana. She was often the hardest of the girls to get an emotional read on, just as Henry was with us guys. The ladies were sitting away from us guys, protective of one another. 

6pm. "This is Big Brother."

A moment of dread filled the faces of almost all the girls.

"Tonight's activity will involve the ladies facing their deepest inhibitions. You have all shown a willingness to participate in sexual activity, knowing that a world of strangers would be watching. It is one thing to have sexual intercourse in front of strangers. It is different to having sex in front of a person who you love and respect."

A moment of silence fell, as we each considered who we would never want to watch us having sex. For me, it would probably be my parents.

"NO." 

We looked round to see who had spoken. It was Ivana. She had stood to her feet, and was using her hands to guide her towards the black exit door. We all started speaking at once, asking her what she meant. 

"I mean no. I'm not doing it." She looked around at us all, even though we knew she couldn't truly see us. Then she raised her voice, addressing Big Brother. "Big Brother, please confirm that the person who would be watching me is Dr Scholtz Hilderbrand?" 

After a moment, the electronic voice confirmed. 

I stood up, and walked to her, trying to show a personal connection with her. After a quick hand single to the others asking them to quieten down, I put my hand on her shoulder, and spoke privately to her. "Please Ivana. You can do this. Last night the world probably watched us with my cock in your ass, and you licking cum out of Candy's pussy. The world has seen us. What is one more person?"

She make herself stand straight, taking a dignified pose. Loudly, so we could all hear, she spoke to us all. "You don't understand. Dr Hilderbrand is the world's greatest living expert in psychology. His work on cognitive dissidence made him my greatest hero. To dishonor him, is unthinkable to me." 

She paused, and a small tear ran down her face from one of her never-opening eyes. "Thank you all for the friendship you have given me. I will not forget it. I came to this house to experience an experiment, but now my part has finished. This is my choice," she finished, "please respect it."

Nobody said anything, until Shuko ran up and hugged her. We all followed, hugging and wishing her well. Candy was the last to say goodbye, planting a soft kiss on Ivana's lips. I then held the black door open for her, and she walked down the corridor, one hand on the wall, and her dignity held high. 

---

As the door behind Ivana closed, we sat back down on the couch, unsure of what would happen next. Big Brother answered that.

"In light of Ivana's choice to leave, there will not be a forced eviction this evening. However, each participant must still complete tonight's task. If a contestant is unable to complete the task, they will be evicted, with a prize of...$150,000 waiting for them." 

We nodded to each other, an encouragement to do whatever we must. 

"The order will be as follows - Matt and Maria. This will be watched by Maria's husband Radesh. Second will be Sarah and Henry. This will be watched by Rachael Brown."

"My Aunt" Sarah said, dryly. This was the first time she didn't seem to be smiling at the thought of sex. 

"Third" Big Brother continued "will be Shuko and Jeff. This will be watched by Shuko's Father Satsonei."

Shuko make a small 'mreep' noise, and Maria stroked her hair softly in encouragement. The poor Japanese woman was shaking, and it was clear how scared and upset she was by this idea. 

"Finally, Candy and Davide will be watched by Candy's father Adam."

"Oh, I can't!" exclaimed Candy. "I can't do it in front of Daddy!" She burst out of the room crying, and running into the bathroom. Sarah ran after her. 

Big Brother didn't seem to notice Candy's outburst. Instead, it simply called Maria and I to go to the final room in the corridor. 

Maria and I left the remaining housemates in the living room, hearing Candy's sobs coming from the toilets as we walked past them. We approached the final room. It was no longer a wooden bedroom door. It had been changed into a cold, metal door. More like you would find in an office. Before opening it, I reminded Maria what we had discussed in the bedroom, what felt like lifetimes ago. That her husband had already agreed she must do everything she can to win. 

"Five million dollars, five million dollars" I whispered in a simple chant, trying to help her find a way to finish the task.

We opened the door, expecting to see her husband. Instead, we met a simple, white room, with an office table in the middle, and a large mirror on the opposite wall. I'd seen this type of mirror in a thousand cop shows before. It was a one-way mirror. Anyone behind it could see us, but we could not see them. It made it easier, and we both walked in and closed the door. We heard a small click, and knew the door had locked.

Big Brother's voice came through the walls, but it was quieter than normal. It was clear that only we could hear it, rather than the whole house. It said, "Please identify yourself". 

Before we could speak, a man's voice came through the speakers. He had an Indian accent, and was clearly nervous. "It is me, my love. Your Radesh." We didn't hear from him again. Instead, Big Brother took command of the room. 

"You may not speak about anything that happens in this room until after the task is fully complete. Revealing anything of tonight's task will result in immediate eviction. Nod to show you understand."

We both clearly nodded, looking straight ahead. We couldn't look at each other, knowing what we were about to do. 

"Remove your clothing." 

We did so, without romance or sexuality. It was the atmosphere of a doctor's surgery, rather than a brothel. 

"Kiss. Passionately." 

Maria didn't move, so I did. I pulled her body next to mine, put my hand on the back of her head, and eased her towards me. After a fraction of hesitation, she put her lips to mine, and opened them for my tongue. I closed my eyes, trying not to thing of our observer, and tried to encourage her passions. I moved her against the wall, and pressed her against it, our kiss gaining fury and energy as I felt her nipples began to harden against my chest. My cock was up, and bashing against her leg as we kissed. 

'If I can get her distracted,' I thought 'it will be easier for her.' 

Big Brother's voice interrupted. "Maria, stand by the desk and lower your torso down, looking at the mirror. Matt, penetrate her vagina from behind." 

Instantly Maria removed herself from my grip, and moved to the table. Her face was full of torture, but with an acceptance of doing what must be done. She lowered herself down, with her legs slightly apart and her boobs pressing into the table. Her chin was up, and gazing at the mirror. 

Worried my cock would lose it's hardness if I thought about the situation too much, I moved straight over, and pushed myself into her, feeling her reluctant tightness. Her body moved with my thrusts, and she couldn't help but moan softly from the wrongful pleasure she was feeling. 

Big Brother interrupted again. A subconscious part of me realized we had been fucking for about 2 minutes, about the exact same time we had been given to kiss. There was an uncaring coldness behind Big Brother's commands. 

"Matt, lay upright on the table, with your feet towards the mirror." 

I pulled myself out of her, and moved towards the table edge. I brushed my hand over her hand, the only gesture of support I could show her right now. As she moved off the table, I put myself on it, my eyes and cock pointing at the ceiling. 

"Maria, sit on his penis, facing the mirror, in a reverse cowgirl." 

She slowly did so, and lowered herself down. Her pussy felt so good, slowly rocking back and forth over my cock. I could only see her back. I didn't envy her husband, having a full view of another man's cock inside his wife. She turned her head slightly to the side, and I could see she was gripped by the duel emotions of deep pleasure and degrading shame. 

Another two minutes, and Big Brother spoke again. 

"Remove yourselves from the table, and stand next to the mirror. Maria, give Matt a blowjob."

She climbed off me, and waited for me to stand by the mirror. We stood side facing to the mirror, so whoever was behind it had a full view of my cock, as Maria knelt and put it carefully into her mouth. She didn't have the passion she did three days ago, and the blowjob was terrible. She certainly wasn't playing with herself, the way that she had last time. It didn't seem to matter to Big Brother. 

As her mouth sucked me, a more sinister side of my consciousness seemed to emerge. 'I've cucked him' it said. 'I've owned his wife. She is not your pure angel anymore'. My cock stiffened harder at these dark ideas, and I put both my hands onto her head, and began guiding her to a faster pace sucking. She was my sex toy now, not his. 

Big Brother's final command came through. As it did, the mirror changed. A light came on from behind it, and suddenly we could see Radesh on the other side of the mirror. He was sitting on a small chair, staring at us both. His eyes were wet, but he wasn't crying. He didn't say a word. He just sat their passively, watching me face-fucking his wife.

Big Brother's final command was "Matt, masturbate until you cum on Maria's face"

She took my cock out of her mouth, and looked at me submissively. We both tried not to look at Radesh. Instead she gazed at my cock, focusing all her will on it. 

My caring side couldn't do it, so I let my new, sinister side take over. It moved my right hand faster and faster. I put my attention on her beautiful, innocent face. It was going to be mine. I would mark it with my seed. I shot, aiming straight at her forehead. The first spurt hit her black hair, while the second landed on her forehead and dribbled down into one eye. A final spurt was weaker, and landed onto her closed lips. 

Radesh's room darkened and returned to a mirror. The door behind us clicked, and we knew it was our silent instruction to leave. 

I went to help her up, but she rejected my hand. I had humiliated her. It would not be something easy for her to forgive. We put our underwear back on in silence. I held the door open for her, as she walked away, not looking at me. My cum was still on her face. She hadn't wiped it off. She walked straight into the toilets. I walked to the others, all waiting quietly in the main living room. 

"Don't ask me what happened, we are not allowed to say." I told them, before they could ask. I wished I could hide away from their gazes, but the bedrooms were locked. So instead I moved out of the living room and went into the gym. As I left the large room, Big Brother's voice commanded Sarah and Henry to enter the task room. I sat on one of the lifting benches in the gym, and gathered my thoughts. A small amount of my cum had stained my boxers, resulting drizzle from the shower I poured over Maria. I hoped the others wouldn't notice. It showed the dirtiness I felt on my own soul, for how I had treated Maria at the end. 

After about ten or fifteen minutes, I returned to the main room. Maria was back with the others. Her face was red from crying, and Shuko was stroking her face and crossed arms, comforting her. Maria was looking down at the floor. Shuko gave me a glance to tell me, politely, that I should keep my distance. I sat with Henry. He had just emerged from the room a minute before. He was looking a little dazed too. Sarah came out of the toilets, her face freshly washed. It seemed like our instructions would be the same for everyone. She didn't say or joke anything, so uncharacteristic of her. But she was not looking humiliated like Maria. That made me happy for Sarah, but then feel more guilt for what I had done to Maria. 

Big Brother called for Shuko and Jeff. As they left, I shared a look with both Henry and Sarah. We knew that any growing romance would likely not survive the task's encounter. 

We waited in our painful silence, until Jeff returned and sat on a far couch. He kept his eyes down, fixed on the floor. Half a minute later, Shuko did too. Unexpected by us, she was not looking broken or humiliated. She was looking determined. She sat back down next to Maria, and continued to comfort the upset Indian. 

Finally Big Brother called for Candy and Davide. They walked off together, holding hands. Sarah went to speak, then cut herself off. It was not a time for chat. Once everything was finished, we would need to work together to fix ourselves emotionally. But that could only happen at the end. 

Without warning, Candy burst into the main living room. She was naked, her exposed breasts and pussy pulsing dark red with blood flow. 

"I COULDN"T DO IT!" She exclaimed to us all. "I couldn't...I couldn't..."

Davide slowly walked back into the living room. He was still naked too, his erect cock slowly shrinking as he walked. He gently passed to Shuko the stars-and-stripes underwear that Candy had been wearing before. 

As the girls helped the distraught Candy put her clothes back on, Davide explained what had happened. 

"We did it from behind, but she couldn't do a cowgirl in front of her father." A wail of grief burst from Candy at the mention of her father. "She just sobbed and sobbed and told Big Brother to let her out. Big Brother warned her that she would be expelled, but she just kept shouting to be let go. So the door unlocked. 

We stood in silence, in shocked understanding of the news. Two of our friends would be leaving today. All because of one stupid task. And Maria looked ready to leave too. It was too much. I stood up, and walked out, down the corridor and into the shower. I sat in the shower room, alone, and shouted my anger at Big Brother until my throat could shout no more. 
