 Day 7 - 7.45am

I woke sleepily, feeling a wonderful, joyful feeling. I opened my eyes to discover why. Tani, the beautiful black housemate, was kneeling by my legs, giving me a blowjob. It was a wonderful way to wake up. I didn't say anything, I just smiled and looked around the room. Most were still sleeping, but Jeff and Shuko were awake. I knew this because Shuko was crouched on top of Jeff, riding his cock rhythmically. They were only a few feet away from me, and I could hear their flesh smacking together, and the smell of sex was wafting around the room. 

Tani's lips kept rolling up and down my smooth cock. She was completely naked. When she saw my eyes were open, she stopped sucking, and instead moved my cock between her breasts, using them to squeeze and massage my manhood. All the while making eye contact with me, and licking her lips. 

After a minute or so, she snaked up my body, until she found my lips, and kissed them passionately. I didn't care she had just been sucking me. You don't refuse the kiss of a goddess. I could feel her boobs against my chest, her deep black nipples hard and raking across me. And I felt my cock rubbing against her body as we kissed, instinct filling my consciousness, desiring to enter her immediately. 

She released our kiss, and whispered into my ear. 

"Your story got me so excited last night, Matt. I wanted to feel you inside me right then." 

She nibbled my earlobe, before continuing. "I used to fantasize about you Matt. Watching you, waiting to be in the house with you. I played with myself, when you fucked Sarah in the shower room. Every time you fucked one of the girls, I got so wet, imagining it was me with you. I've wanted to know what your cock is like inside me, Matt, for so long. Make love to me."

Without waiting for reply, she moved herself up, squatted over me, and used her right hand to guide my cock into her. Her pussy was wet, dripping onto my crotch and stomach as she slid up and down my manhood. I couldn't remember the last time I'd been with a woman this wet. But she was tight too. She controlled the muscles deep inside her pussy, squeezing and releasing me. 

She grabbed my hands, and held them, our fingers intertwined. We said not a word, just let our bodies to the talking. As we fucked, we watched together as Jeff and Shuko finished, Jeff's cum leaking out of her tight, Japanese pussy, and onto his Australian crotch. We heard muffled noises of annoyance from Davide, as he turned himself away, trying to get a few more minutes of sleep. I couldn't tell about the others, if they were awake or asleep. My focus was on the gorgeous woman above me, her big black tits bouncing up and down. Her skin was very dark, but somehow, her shaven pussy was even darker, until the opening, where it became a bright red, the blood of excitement flowing through it. 

She had closed her eyes, her head pointing skyward. Her eyelids fluttered with the ecstasy of sex. Her breathing started changing, becoming shorter, quicker breaths. She quickened her pace, pushing up and down on my cock, squeezing it hard all the while. Suddenly she stopped her moving, as her body was filled with an orgasm, radiating outwards along her entire body. It was beautiful to watch, seeing a wave of pleasure overtake her. Her mouth was wide open, mouthing silent words of joy and desire. As her orgasm left her, she climbed off me, and returned to giving me a blowjob. She took my cock deep inside her mouth, going so far down she could have tickled my balls with her tongue. Within a couple of minutes I felt my moment coming. She could sense I was close too. She took me out of her mouth, and finished me with her hands, guiding my sperm onto my own stomach. I wondered why she hadn't let me finish in her mouth, and if she didn't like the taste of cum. But then, when I had finished shooting, she stuck out her tongue, and made a single, long lick across my stomach, collecting my cum and her own sex juices before licking her lips, showing she had enjoyed the taste. 

She laid down beside me, head against mine, and arm across me. I just smiled as I held her, realizing that I had yet to utter a single word this morning. 

-----------------------

"I love you guys, but I need some space!" Davide said loudly.

It was 8:55 ish, and we were all waiting for Big Brother to start the daily announcements, and to hopefully free us of the 'sleepover' task, which kept us all in the same room all day and night. We'd already eaten breakfast together, joking about who snores, or which guy has the biggest boner in the night. 

Though we had enjoyed each other's company, in more ways than one, we were also feeling a bit of cabin fever, and wanted to get some time alone. The morning had been sex-free, since Tani and I had finished. We spent a while, just sitting in our makeshift beds, talking about the dreams we had had, or how we would normally spend a Sunday. Maria was sure it was Sunday today. I had lost track days ago. It didn't seem to matter in the house. 

Finally, Big Brother's voice boomed through the house, in the normal, robotic way. 

"All housemates should assemble in the main living room."

We were puzzled why the voice hadn't said more, but we obeyed. Once we were all inside, we watched in surprise as the main door - the only door in and out of the complex - opened. Three white women stepped out, before the thick door closed again behind them.

They all looked in their late thirties or early forties. They had about the same build - shapely, but not unfit. Sexual, but in a mature way. 'MILF' was the word that came to mind. 

They were all dressed in the same clothing - Black PVC dresses and high boots. Each of them held a whip. The only main differences between these three, was their hair. One was bright blonde, another had black hair, and the last one was bright red. The type of bright red that only exists in Scotland and bottles in the supermarket. 

The red-haired woman was the first to speak. Just from her body language, she was used to being in charge. 

"My name is Mistress Crimson. These are my associates, Mistress Platinum and Mistress Darkness. You will address us by these titles."

Sarah seemed to attempt to speak, but Mistress Crimson spoke sharply before she could utter more than a syllable. 

"Big Brother feels the discipline in this house has not been good enough. Therefore, Big Brother has sent us here, for the next twenty-four hours, to command and teach you all respect and obedience. Do you understand? Say 'yes Mistress Crimson' "

"...yes, Mistress Crimson" we spoke dutifully. It was like we were back at school, already obeying our fierce headmistress. 

"Good" she continued. "If you disobey us, we have been authorized to punish you however we feel necessary. That can include expulsion from the house, if necessary. And of course, you are always welcome to simply walk out of the door." She smiled at that, knowing most of us would rather die than leave now. We'd all come too far. 

It was Mistress Platinum who spoke next. "Your first task is to clear away all this." She gestured to the bedding still sitting in the living room. "Then you go to the gym, where Mistress Darkness will and I will conduct your morning workout. From now on, you do exactly what we say, when we say it. You do not even go to the bathroom without our permission. Do you understand?"

We all looked down, like naughty little children. "Yes, Mistress Platinum."

"Good. Start work." The three ladies moved to one side, and made a hand gesture telling us to get on with the first task. 

We started moving the bedding back in silence, trying to put it back into the correct room, when Mistress Crimson informed us to "Just put it all in the first room. They bedding area will be changed soon, anyway." So we threw all the bedding into the first room, and moved into the gym. 

The mistresses put us through a grueling workout. We all had to run for five kilometers, before being given squats and jumping jacks to do. Finally, we had to row half a kilometer on the rowing machines. If we seemed to be going too slowly, they used their short whips on us. Never enough to cause real harm, but hard enough to be painful. By the end, we were all exhausted. 

"Good." Instructed Mistress Crimson. "You will all now shower. You will be observed to ensure no sexual behavior happens."

Sarah spoke up, in a condescending tone. "I thought Big Brother wanted us to have sex?"

The whip of Miss Darkness slapped her straight across the neck and face. 

"You do not speak unless asked a question!" roared Mistress Platinum. Calming down, she continued. "Yes, Big Brother does want you to have sexual contact. And you will. But at our implicit instructions."

Then walked straight up to Sarah, putting her face inches away from the housemate. "Why?" she said, staring straight at her. "If you want sex, I can arrange for you to have sex right now. Is that what you want?"

Sarah stared into her eyes...then slowly dropped them to the floor. "No, Mistress Platinum."

"Disappointing" replied the blonde dominatrix. "Fine. Get to the showers THIS second."

We all washed ourselves quietly, and without sexuality. Mistress Darkness went in the shower with us, still wearing her PVC dress. If it bothered her, she didn't show it. She just walked all around us, threatening the whip if we seemed to be trying to communicate with each other, or spent too long cleaning our genitals. 

But, the water was a good temperature, and after our workout (not to mention some of our early morning activities) we all had needed it. 

After our shower, we found our underwear had been removed, and simple, white underwear had been provided for each of us. The men had Y fronts, while the ladies had simple white panties and bras. 

We were lead out of the shower room in one long line, with Mistress Platinum at the front, and Mistress Darkness at the back. As we walked towards the kitchen, we saw the bedrooms were once again being altered, and heard the sound of workmen behind the closed doors. We also heard that the furthest room (that had held the one-way mirror) was also being changed. 

In the kitchen we found our food was already served and waiting for us. There were eight plates full of plain cooked pasta. Eight identical glasses of water were sitting with them. On a separate table, slightly away from the pasta, were three plates full of lasagna and green salad, with a bottle of red wine opened in the middle. 

Mistress Crimson was waiting for us. "You will now have half an hour to eat and relax. We will not be monitoring you during this time." 

At that, the three women walked over to their lasagna and began tucking in. We sat down with our plain pasta, and began eating hungrily, though all furious at the meager meal, compared to the ladies. 

"What bitches" Sarah whispered under her breath. "I can't believe this!"

"Why not?" ask Maria. "This is exactly what Big Brother likes to do. Humiliate and degrade us."

My memory flashed back to the torture I'd been forced to put Maria through, only a couple of days before. She was right. This was exactly what Big Brother enjoyed. And, it seemed, so did the viewing public. 

"But it's only for twenty four hours" encouraged Jeff quietly. "We can cope. And then they leave. And we are one day closer to the prize money." He squeezed Shuko's hand as he said this. 

After our brief lunch break of freedom, we were back under the control of the three. They took us into the karaoke room, and forced us to watch an animated film about a talking baby, who was also a mafia boss. It was a cruel and unusual punishment. 

The ladies seemed to be waiting for some outside information, and I saw Mistress Crimson leave the room, then return a few minutes later, whispering to the others. A smile crept over their faces at whatever she had said. 

She pressed the remote's pause button, and waited for us all to look at her.

"We will now begin taking some of you away for some...private time. The remaining housemates will stay here." She stared straight at me. "I will take Matt and..." Her eyes danced around the room "Sarah."

Mistress Platinum spoke up next, saying she would be taking Jeff and Tani. Since Mistress Darkness didn't speak, I assumed she was staying with the rest. 

Sarah and I followed Mistress Crimson out of the film room, along through the living room area and finally into the furthest room. The one that had held the mirror and table days earlier. 

Now, It was sex dungeon. It was like something out of fifty shades of grey. There were shelves filled with all sorts of sex toys, and a couple of racks on the walls, for holding 'victims' in place. The walls were black and the carpet was a dark blue. 

"Lock the door," instructed the dominatrix. We did so in silence, unsure of what would happen next. Her whip was still in her hand, if we disobeyed.

"Good" she continued. "Now, Sarah. Sit on that bench over there. I'll deal with you in a minute. Matt...take off your underwear."

I slowly pulled down my Y fronts, as Sarah sat down quietly. I was not turned on, and my cock hung shriveled between my legs. 

"Disappointing." Replied the mistress. "One of the smallest I've ever seen in my life. Change places with Sarah. I don't want to deal with something so tiny until it's grown."

I obeyed, and now sat as I watched Sarah disrobe in the middle of the room, removing her bra, then her panties. The lights in the room were bright and unforgiving. Her large tits were hanging low and her plumpness could be seen clearly.

"How hideous you are. You're fat and ugly. It's a wonder nobody vomits when they see you naked. Those tits are..."

"THAT'S ENOUGH" I said loudly, standing up. "YOU DO NOT SPEAK TO HER LIKE THAT." 

Her whip cracked me across the chest. She had aimed for my face, but been out of reach. 

"I speak to anyone, exactly how I want" she replied calmly. "But you want me to stop? OK. Let's do something else instead. First, I'll show you what a real woman looks like. Sarah, unzip my dress. Matt, unlace these boots."

Sarah moved uncomfortably behind the dominatrix, and unzipped the black dress. Their red hair got tangled together for a second, and I saw they both had similar shades, though Sarah's was slightly darker. 

As the dress was removed, I saw the woman in all her naked glory. She had a six-pack stomach and small but firm breasts. She must have been over forty, but she still looked good. I knelt down by her feet, and began to untie the boots. She sent Sarah down to help me, as it was taking me too long. We finally removed both boots, and looked up from our place kneeling below her. She was still standing, and we could see straight up to her shaven pussy, and on to her firm breasts. 

"Good" she said, when she saw us kneeling below her. "Exactly where you deserve to be. Now, I'm going to explain the rules of our game today. You can refuse any activity, at any time. But if you do, I'll evict your partner from the house. Not you, your partner. Do you each understand?"

We looked at each other, and nodded. 

"Oh, and before you think about being tactical; I'll also explain to all the other housemates how you fucked one of your own team over. Understand? Good. Now you can start, exactly where you are now. Lick my feet."

With hesitation, I slowly began to lick at her feet and toes. There really was a cheesy taste. I could see that Sarah wasn't enjoying it any more than I was. Of all her sexual kinks, clearly feet wasn't one of them. 

After a couple of minutes, Mistress Crimson stopped us, and instructed us to thank her, for the privilege of cleaning her feet. 

"..thank you Mistress Crimson" we replied dutifully. 

"Very good." She smiled an evil grin at us. "Sarah, strap Matt into the rack over there." She pointed with her whip hand to a wall. 

I walked over willingly with Sarah, and she held legs in place with Velcro straps, then did the same with my arms. I was now standing up, in a DeVinci X, unable to move. I was exposed to the world, my still shrunken cock sitting in the middle. 

"Well done Sarah. Step away from him now. We won't need him until later." Mistress Crimson pointed at one of two boxes placed on of the shelves. "Open the red box and show us all what is inside."

Sarah walked to the box, and pulled out the content. It was a large, vibrating dildo. A gasp of surprise left her mouth.

"Oh good, you recognize it." Said the dominatrix. "We took it from your house. It's a very nice dildo, and so much larger than Matt's poor, floppy dick. I want you to sit on this bench, and show me how you use this big plastic cock."

Hesitating, Sarah moved to the bench, taking a small bottle of lube with her from one of the shelves. She sat down, and slowly spread her legs, exposing herself to us. She put a tiny drop of lube onto the tip of the toy, and then turned it on. The sound of it vibrating reverberated around the room. Carefully, she moved the tip down to between her legs, and began massaging her lips and her hairy mound. She moved it up to her clit, and I saw her eyes move as the pleasure hit her. Then she moved the vibrating cock back down lower, and slowly pushed it into herself, inch by inch. I could tell by her face she was in so much pleasure, despite the surroundings and the fierce gaze of the naked dominatrix. As her right hand moved the dildo in and out, her left hand began playing with her own breast, squeezing and massaging. 

I couldn't help my cock rising at the erotic sight. I wanted to bring my hand down and stroke it, but they were tied. 

Mistress Crimson had noticed my predicament, and walked sexually over to me. She put her head by mine, and whispered softly into my ear. 

"Are you enjoying seeing this?" 

I nodded, but she playfully whipped my leg. She wanted a verbal answer. "Yes, mistress." 

"Do you think she is enjoying being fucked by the plastic cock?"

I looked over at Sarah. She was staring at the conversation between the dominatrix and I, but still slowly moving the vibrating cock in and out of her moist cunt. 

"Yes, Mistress"

There was a sadistic joy in her voice. I'd clearly just said the right answer. "Than it's your turn to play."

She turned. "SARAH, stop now. Put that toy back, and go to the blue box this time. It's also from your home. I'm sure you know how to fit it. You've probably used it with your girlfriend many times. Put it on, and wait for my instructions."

There was a zipping noise, as the dominatrix released me from the Velcro straps. She took my arm forcefully, and moved me to a bench. She moved my body until I was kneeling on all fours, my ass sticking up in the air, exposed. 

"Very good. Now, if you are a good boy for this next part, I'll let you fuck me after. Do you want to fuck me? Do you want to give me pleasure?"

"Yes Mistress Crimson." I really did. It was strange, but the power she was holding over both of us was extremely arousing. 

"Then you'll be a good boy. Sarah? Come round here and show Matt your toy."

Sarah slowly walked in front of me, a glow in the dark strap-on dildo sticking out from between her legs. It was about the size of my own cock, but it was still frightening to me. I'd never had a gay experience, or experimented with a partner. In fact, I'd never had anything in my ass before. 

As Sarah walked behind me, and I felt her hands moving onto my hips, I considered leaving the room. But it wouldn't be me who was evicted, it would be Sarah. No, I'd stay.

'Five million dollars' I thought to myself, as I visually nodded, to show I was ready. 

I felt cold lube squirt onto my asshole, then a pressure pushing against me. I made a point to relax, and I felt the head of the dildo push inside. It was painful, and it hurt as she inched it further and further in. After a large amount was inside, she began to slowly pull it in and out, before increasing the speed. She was fucking me. 
