 I woke up with his arms draped around me, just touching my cock. I smiled and remembered how we spent the last night together. I couldn't get enough of his cock and his cum. Turning around in his arms I kissed him on the lips, and his eyes opened, and he kissed me back.

I broke contact with him, smiled, and said "Good morning, lover."

Joey replied, "Hi, lover," and smiled back.

We got out of bed, and Joey led the way to his bathroom. Evidently, much thought had gone into the design of the bathroom, for it was ultramodern and spacious, with marble floors, an expensive-looking toilet, and a very large Jacuzzi-type bathtub. I was impressed.

"It looks like you also hold parties in here," I said with a knowing grin.

"Only the wet private parties, only for the best," Joey said, and we exchanged grins.

Joey turned the tap on, and the tub started filling up with just hot water. After the tub was half-filled, Joey stepped in the tub, and motioned for me to join him. I obliged, and slid in the tub beside him. I lay back, letting the hot water cover me.

Joey leaned back, and as I glanced over at him, I saw that his semi-tumescent prick was starting to stick up, like the periscope of a submarine. I reached over, held it in my hands, and started stroking it lightly. I played with his cock and his nut sack, and he groaned as I hit the most pleasurable parts of his hard stick. Soon I realized that he was about to cum, so I leaned forward, and took his cock in my mouth, sucking wetly, until he let loose a veritable FLOOD of hot creamy cum down my throat and all over my face. I milked the last drops of cum, and cleaned his cock. Joey reached down, pulled me up, and licked at my face, lapping up the smears of cum on my face. Wow! I never felt hornier in my whole life, as he drove me crazy with his tongue lapping at my face. I grabbed his hand and guided it down to my cock, which he started stroking. In a few minutes flat, I let loose my own flood of hot cum, gushing down my body and all over his stroking hand.

We finished that erotic bath, and we took turns drying each other's bodies. He led the way back to his bedroom, where we dressed. He said, "Sparky, you're so damn amazing, and I know someone who'll just love how you please a lover. I want you to meet that someone today."

"Well, since I don't have anything planned for today, I accept that invitation," I replied.

"Great! Let's go see her today," he said.

We finished dressing, and went downstairs, where Joey made a call to his girl friend. After a few minutes, he hung up and said to me, "She wants to meet at eight PM today, here at my place. I suggest you go home first, since you'll need plenty of rest before you meet up with her."

Huh? What did he mean by that? I thought. 

* * * * * * * * * *

At a few minutes after eight, I went back to Joey's place. I rang his doorbell, and as he opened the door I could see that he looked somewhat disheveled. With a knowing grin I quipped, "Your girl friend's here already, isn't she? And you couldn't wait for me so you went ahead, didn't you?"

"A bit, but come in now, don't waste the heat," he answered.

"Don't worry, there'll be plenty of heat later on here," I answered back, and we both grinned.

He led the way into his living room, and I saw two sexy women sitting down on his sofa. Both were very beautiful and sexy, although the one on the left was taller. Joey made the introductions.

"Girls, this is Sparky," he said, gesturing to me. "Sparky, this is Aubrey, the girl I told you about, and this is her friend Sandra."

Aubrey, the taller woman, smiled and kissed me on the cheek. Sandra also gave me a warm smile and shook my hand. Both women were wearing halter-tops, tight leather skirts, black fishnet hose and pumps. Damn! They looked hot!!

I sat beside Aubrey, and we chatted for a few minutes, talking about this and that. Suddenly I felt Aubrey's hand lightly traveling up my left thigh, and then reaching my package, slowly stroking it. On her right, I could see Sandra doing the same with Joey. I let Aubrey do her thing, and I became hard with her ministrations. I was speechless; I couldn't speak with her soft hand rubbing my package through my jeans. I took hold of her hand, and kissed her. Our tongues wrestled with each other, and she pushed me onto my back. From that position, I could see that Joey and Sandra were way ahead of us, already taking each other's clothes off and fondling each other's most private parts. Oh what the hell, I thought, I'm too horny to want to stop now.

So I resumed kissing Aubrey, and let my hands travel all over her body. I grabbed her 36DDs and felt her hard nipples poke out from the thin fabric of her halter. My hands traveled southward, and as I reached her groin I felt something hard. I looked down and saw a bulge in her skirt. Damn! A she male! The thought drove me wild, and I started kissing her again, more fiercely, with one hand on her breasts and the other on her massive cock, now fully grown to its full 9" length, and dripping. She started to take my clothes off, and as I obliged, I felt two more sets of hands working all over me. I opened my eyes, and saw Sandra and Joey rubbing their hands all over my body. I saw Joey in his perfect nakedness, and Sandra in all her glory. Her breasts were taut, and I could see her pussy lips, already dripping wet with her juices. Aubrey was still kissing me, and started traveling down my body. I told her to suck my cock – which she eagerly did – and also to give me a taste of her beautiful cock. She obliged, and I was rewarded with all 9" of her down my throat, sliding in and out like a well-oiled piston. I could feel Sandra by my face, eagerly licking and sucking at what she could reach of Aubrey's cock, while I felt Joey down by my cock, doing the same thing. I could feel my balls boiling, and thrust my hips up towards Aubrey's mouth. Soon afterwards, I erupted, sending six jets of lava-hot cum down her throat, and she did the same, only her load was much more massive than mine. I couldn't swallow all of it, and some dribbled out my mouth. Sandra lapped at my face, moaning, as she tasted Aubrey's cum off my face. Aubrey got off from above me and told me to get on my hands and knees. I obliged, and she spread my ass cheeks wide apart. She bathed my asshole with her tongue, and I felt her licking up and down the crack of my ass. I relaxed my ass muscles, and soon I felt her tongue entering my hole and she started tongue-fucking me with no mercy. I gasped, as I felt her tongue sliding in and out. I made Sandra lay down in front of me, and started licking her slick cunt lips. She moaned in ecstasy even as Joey straddled her and inserted his cock in her waiting mouth. She sucked hard, and from the moans and grunts from Joey, I knew she was a good cocksucker. I just continued licking her cunt, and lapped at her juices as she shattered in an orgasm. Behind me I felt Aubrey get up and press her cock at my loosened asshole. I pressed back at her, and she entered her cock easily in my ass. I was surprised at her hot hardness, but surprise quickly gave way to pleasure as she butt fucked me. I hissed, letting myself ride on the wave of pleasure.

"Guys, c'mon and fuck me! Hah, hah, ooh," I moaned as I felt all 9" of Aubrey sliding in and out of my rear. I could feel Aubrey's cock actually pulse with the rhythm. She gave a little grunt, and exploded inside me. I felt her hot cum flood my rectum, and as she withdrew I looked back at her. I could see that her cock was very gooey, stained with streaks of brown and white. I called Joey and Sandra over, and said, "Guys, this is our gift for you. Enjoy!"

Joey and Sandra had Aubrey lay on her back, and they took up positions on either side of her thighs, and started licking on both sides of her cock, their mouths smeared with cum. I leaned over and kissed Aubrey, and started licking and sucking my way down to her delectable breasts, sucking on each nipple in turn. Soon I got up, and took position near both Sandra and Joey, and I took Joey's dripping cock in one hand, and used my other hand to finger-fuck Sandra while I jacked Joey off. 

I felt Aubrey's hand snake between my thighs, grabbed my cock and also started jacking me off. We all moaned in ecstasy as flying fists, fast fingers, and nimble tongues performed their acrobatics. Soon afterwards, we all moaned loudly as we all erupted in orgasms simultaneously. Cum splattered everywhere – on our hands, bodies, and faces. We all lay back, spent, but somehow we all knew this won't be our last for the night...