 In the previous chapter  Chris finally arrives home we left our lovers discussing their future together. If you haven't read that chapter then may I suggest you do so. Again many thanks to all those offering encouragement

The room was aglow from the candles making it seem a little bigger. The air was warm and the scent from the candles hung like some invisible cloud. The three of us lay naked on the floor, our bodies propped up by large pillows; a plate of strawberries lay between us and we each had a tall glass of champagne nearby. In front of Steve was an open notebook; he had explained to both Chris and Sarah that in the small hours of the morning when his mind was really alive he liked to write. To put down into words his deepest thoughts and fantasies and now here the three of them were.

Steve was about to embark on a first; to divulge its contents; to both his daughter and their co-lover. He thumbed though the book until he came across an entry and gently ran his fingers across the words almost reading them as one would read Braille. There was a sexual tension in the room, we all could feel it. As Steve spoke his voice trembled, he was nervous. It was always difficult to open one's mind and to expose the secret fantasies he'd kept so deep and believed so dirty, but here they were.

Steve began to narrate:-

After dinner we just lounged about drinking and talking. The fact that Sarah loved watching Chris and I masturbate and having them ejaculate on her breasts; or like all men we enjoyed watching Sarah masturbate herself, just showed how close our friendship was. As this particular night progressed, the conversation became more intimate, resulting in Sarah and me becoming more affectionate with each other.

Chris feeling un-wanted made his excuses and went to bed where once settled he started watching television. It wasn't long before he heard the familiar sounds of sex. His bedroom was directly next to mine and even through the closed door he could hear Sarah's soft moans. Whilst Chris had always found her very attractive, a more caring and affectionate side to him was developing, so the thought of what might be going on in there instantly and perhaps jealously turned him on. It wasn't long before his cock swelled and he found himself stroking it. This went on for a while and soon his hands were stroking his penis whilst the other played with his nipples. Sarah's moans got louder and when I started to chime in that did it, because he just yelled at them. "You bastards, this isn't fucking fair; you're driving me nuts in here."

An instant later, or so it seemed, Sarah appeared naked next to Chris looking really gorgeous in a dishevelled sort of way. She had a devilish look on her face as she caught his obvious hard-on under the sheet. "Oh Chris, I'm sorry...did you want to come play?"

Before he could say anything she, lent down and kissed him...a very deep and loving kiss, her tongue dancing in his mouth. Sarah moved from his lips down his neck to his smooth chest, stopping at his nipples to lick and tease them, then trailed her tongue down his stomach before engulfing his cock with her mouth; I stood and watched this completely transfixed. Sarah taking hold of my cock pulled me closer to them. Now down on her knees she took my cock into her mouth, while she stroked Chris' who looked towards me for some kind of signal, but I was too wrapped up in my blowjob to even notice.

Sarah adjusted herself, asking Chris to stand, she pulled him closer to them; she was now between her two lovers and moved so that both their cocks were inches from her mouth. She alternated between them, she then did something which surprised them both...she pulled their cocks together so that they were touching and tried to put both in her mouth at the same time, but when she couldn't fit them both, so she began rubbing them together. Both men were stunned but the feeling was absolutely wonderful. Both their cocks were wet from her saliva and with their added precum they slid so smoothly across each other. It was such an incredible feeling. Neither of them could believe it was happening. Whenever they dried up a bit she would give them a good tonguing to get them wet again and resume rubbing them together.

"Chris," she said, looking up at him, "Steve loves to have his nipples pinched." Chris was shocked; for in the past I had always denied this. Was it her fantasy to see Chris and me together? Chris looking directly at me, was so totally turned on I just nodded, "its ok, do it."

Chris reached up and pinched my left nipple. My eyes closed at the touch, encouraging him to go a little further. Chris now licked both his thumbs and index fingers and returned them back to my chest. Meanwhile, Sarah was back to alternating between their cocks. This was too much for Chris, and he could feel himself close to cumming.

Sensing Chris' mood Sarah stopped her lathering. "Will you two kiss each other?" she asked whilst moved back onto the couch, leaving the two of them inches apart with their cocks poised as if ready for a duel. "Please, I want to see it." The look in her eyes was pure passion, as she glided her hand up and down her smooth pussy.

Chris and I were both so totally turned on they would have done anything at that point. I grabbed Chris and kissed him full on the mouth. It's a totally different feeling than kissing a girl, but it is no less of a turn on. Chris was too far gone now and he pulled me into an embrace and forced his tongue deep into my mouth. Their cocks were again touching and grinded into each other. Sarah was moaning in delight and they turned to see her pressing several fingers into her gorgeous pussy. She was fucking herself with one hand and rubbing her breasts with another. Chris wanted her so bad but at the same time he didn't want to leave me.

"Oh God, suck him Steve," she said, "Please suck Chris." I didn't hesitate a minute this time, and kissed my way down Chris's smooth chest and stomach, following the path my daughter had taken; I positioned Chris' 10" cock close to my mouth.

Licking its underside, I then danced my tongue over it, before taking it into my mouth. Using just a finger and thumb I milked its base in circular motions while sucking Chris' cock. Each time I took it into my mouth my tongue darted over the underside of his shaft. Chris was screaming at this point. So was Sarah... the sight of her father sucking his friend off had completely sent her over the edge and she fucked herself furiously into an orgasm. Watching her cum sent Chris over the edge and he screamed that he was close. I pulled my mouth away from Chris' cock out and started to jack him off. Seeing this, Sarah jumped up and took it into her mouth. One second of her warm mouth was enough, for Chris started to cum. He didn't think it would stop. She took most of Chris' load in her mouth and then kissed her father full on the mouth, forcing semen into his mouth, before returning and milking Chris till he was finished.

I needed to cum bad now, my precum no longer clear but a milky white; Sarah laid me down on the floor and started sucking me. Chris joined her. They each took a side of my cock and sucked their way up from the base and met at the glans.

Sarah then kissed Chris with my cock in the middle of their mouths. "Fuck me daddy," she begged as she faced me and straddled my hips before gently lowered herself down on to my glass hard cock and started riding me.

"Oh my god..."Oh fuck, FUCK! It's big" Sarah moaned, as her swollen clit ground against her father's pelvis, her pussy painfully gripping his cock.

God it was hot to see; the sight of her fathers smooth genitalia being cloaked by her gorgeous pussy and ass. "Chris, lick me while he fucks me." Chris began licking her pussy as my cock thrust in and out. Moving behind Sarah, Chris was soon licking my cock again as I fucked her...licking my cock as it appeared and then licking her pussy and her asshole. Chris by now was completely hard. "Oh fuck," I screamed, "this is it" as cum started shooting into Sarah's pussy. After a few seconds Chris gently lifted Sarah from my cock and wrapped his mouth around it. To Chris the taste of Sarah's pussy and Steve's cum mixed together was pure heaven.

After giving me time to recover, Sarah who was still totally turned on asked them to masturbate with her. They all knelt on the floor watching each other. It was so intense watching the look in each other's eyes. That's the most exciting thing about watching someone masturbate....watching their eyes.

Sarah helped them along by stopping now and then to suck them. It only took about five minutes for them all to be ready again. When Sarah knew she was close she lay down, and begged them to kneel by her. It didn't take much begging. They got on either side of her and looked into each other's eyes as Sarah started screaming in her orgasm. The sight of her brought us to peak again and we started shooting on her chest and stomach. Usually the second orgasm wasn't as much, but we both shot so much she was covered. She pulled us down, gliding our heads to her stomach, pleading with us to lick it off her and then kiss her. We each obliged then collapsed on the floor, falling sound asleep.

"That's some fantasy" murmured Chris being the first to speak.

"Why does it have to be a fantasy, we could make it real; with a few minor changes" replied Sarah.

"What would those be?" enquired Steve

"Well, how about when you two were kissing it developed into a full man-on-man affair, with me being fucked as well or whilst I'm being fucked riding someone, we turn it into a double penetration, you know I love those?" suggested Sarah.

Sarah couldn't believe what she was saying, and couldn't believe how wet it was making her. She was sure the boys would see the wet patch on the floor. Without warning, she let out a huge sigh. Steve and Chris looked at her. She was flush and staring intently at the sight before her. For there, no more than 3 feet away was her lovers with 18 inches of hard cock between them, and under the candle light their cocks glistened with precum.

Chris slowly reached out, grasped Steve's cock, and began to slowly stroke it. Steve pushed his hips forward, allowing his friend greater access. Seemingly without control, with her nipples were standing firm and erect Sarah moved forward and joined Chris' hand on Steve's cock.

As Chris continued to stroke Steve's cock, Sarah lowered her head, opened her mouth and brought her lips down onto Chris' hard shaft. Steve reached over and gave Sarah's legs a small tug, her sopping wet pussy was quickly revealed. Steve smiled as he saw her smoothly shaved lips come into view. They were clearly engorged, red and glistening with moisture. After a quick adjustment with their positions, Steve now lay on his back, his face buried in Sarah's pussy. He could smell her arousal and, reaching his tongue out, immediately tasted her sweet juices. Chris now had Steve's hard cock in his mouth and Sarah completed the incredible triangle of oral satisfaction.

Steve continued to feast on Sarah's pussy; alternately driving his tongue deep into her, grasping her hardening clit in his lips, and giving a small tug. Sarah was pressing her hips into Steve, grinding her pussy on his mouth. Steve was amazed at how wonderful his friend's mouth felt on his cock. Chris was very experienced at this. For him taking that huge cock in his mouth was easy, so he moved his head a little, to take it deep into his throat. To catch his breath, he would raise his head, run his tongue up and down the heavily veined shaft, swirling his tongue around the head, take in a deep breathe and repeat the cycle.

As they continued their oral pleasures, Chris reached up and cupped Steve's balls in his hand. Now letting Steve fuck his mouth with his cock, Chris let his hand roam, reaching further back and placing a finger on Steve's anus. At first Steve flinched a bit, but then, moved his ass to Chris's hand. With that, Chris slowly slid one finger into Steve's rectum. Steve briefly pulled away from Sarah's pussy and let out a groan. "Oh, God, that feels so good." Steve exclaimed. Encouraged, Chris inserted a second finger and started pumping Steve's ass, engulfing his cock at that same time. Moments later, to everyone's surprise, Steve unloaded a monstrous stream of cum into Chris's waiting mouth; he accepted every drop, savouring its taste before swallowing Steve's load.

Steve fell back from Sarah's pussy, exhausted and shocked by his huge orgasm. Letting Chris's cock free from her mouth Sarah looked at Steve, "Oh no. You aren't getting off that easy." With that she turned to Steve and took his softening cock into her mouth. Turning her back to Chris, Sarah was on all fours exposing her pussy and ass to his view. Chris knew exactly what to do and quickly brought the head of his cock to her soaking pussy lips. With a gentle push, he was now inside Sarah's pussy. "Aaahh," Sarah sighed as the full length of Chris's cock slid into her. With that, Chris and Sarah found a rhythm and the two began to fuck. Sarah, pressed back to meet each of Chris's thrusts, driving his cock deeper with every push. Chris was not thick, but a few inches longer than her father's and it seemed to fill every inch of Sarah's wanton pussy. Soon, she could take no more. She felt the familiar sensations building deep within her, then, the welcome release of her orgasm. Her body quacked with sensation, every nerve ending tingling, and her pussy griped Chris's cock tighter. As wave after wave of orgasm hit, her knees went weak and she let herself go to the floor, releasing Steve's cock from her mouth and freeing Chris from her pussy.

Watching them fuck, and having Sarah's warm mouth on his cock had, to his surprise, jump started Steve's arousal. Seeing Sarah laying on the floor as he had been just moments ago, he chuckled and repeated her words, "On no. You aren't getting off that easy." With that he brought himself to Sarah, and leaning over her, presented his cock to her mouth. Sarah greedily obliged and took him back into her mouth. Chris, cock still hard and slick with Sarah's juices, was looking for his release. Without thinking, seeing Steve before him, he knew what he needed for that release. He slowly moved forward coming up behind Steve, who now had his cock buried in Sarah's mouth as she lay flat on the floor. Slowly, Chris gave Steve's shoulders a gentle push, putting Steve on all fours.

Steve understood what was about to happen, so he offered no resistance. Chris moved in closer, bringing the head of his cock to Steve's puckered anus. The lubricant of Sarah's pussy juices still glistening on his cock, Chris gave a gentle push and the head of his cock entered Steve. "Oh, Chris, yes, fuck me." Steve was surprised by his own words, but the sensation was incredible, and he knew he needed Chris' cock inside of him. With that open encouragement, Chris slowly pressed onward, inching his cock into Steve's ass. With some patience, Chris would guide his cock forward, then pull back slightly, then push a little further in until finally he was pressing his pelvis firmly against Steve's ass. After waiting just a moment, Chris began moving freely in and out, fucking Steve's ass.

Below Steve, with his growing cock in her mouth, Sarah had a perfect view of Chris's cock driving into Steve's ass. She was mesmerised by the sight of her two lovers, fucking. It was more then she could take and she quickly reached her hand to her soaping wet pussy. The scene in the room was incredible. Sarah, lying on her back on the floor, fingers flying in her own pussy, and Steve's cock buried deep in her mouth. Chris behind Steve, driving his cock deep into his ass; Steve, with ecstasy etched upon his face, leaning over Sarah, twisting and teasing her nipples whilst pressing his ass into Chris's driving cock. The sounds and smells in the room were sex.

There were no inhibitions, no boundaries, just mutual pleasure. And then, in near unison, Chris' cock swelled in Steve's ass, and he pushed forward, burying his cock as deep as it would go. Sensing Chris' impending release Steve pushed back, and then the welcoming feeling of hot cum spurting deep into his bowels. Sarah exploded in orgasm, her body uncontrollably shaking and her fingers buried deep and trapped in her pussy. Steve; although having cum only a few moments earlier; was overcome by his emotions and released a second but weaker load into Sarah's mouth.

Sarah greedily took Steve's offering into her mouth. With Steve's ass just inches above her face Sarah, watched as Chris extracted his cock, to be followed by slowly leaking cum. Shuffling up slightly Sarah allowed this cum to dribble into her mouth. With their juices mixing in her mouth Sarah found a new intimacy with her lovers, and savoured it. Chris and Steve fell back exhausted, looking at each other, smiling. They knew things were never going to be the same between them. And for that, they were excited.

"Who the fuck can that be this time of night!" exclaimed Steve hearing the phone ring; he levered himself from the floor and made his way to the phone.

A few minutes later Steve re-entered the room, his face solemn. "Oh No!" cried Sarah as she realised its impact.

"Yes darling, its both of us this time, I'm to report to Warminster and Chris to Lyneham."

"How long have I got?" enquired Chris

"You've got till 0600 hrs. They tried to contact you earlier and rung me as a last resort. I told them you were sweet on Sarah and had taken her out for the evening. I hope that's ok. I have to be at Warminster by 0830. I've arranged for a car to come and pick us up, it should arrive within the next 2 hours" answered Steve.

Hearing 0600 they all looked at the clock which now said 0230 hrs; "Shit! That doesn't give us much time" exclaimed Sarah as she clung to her lovers.

Sarah started crying, and mumbled on about this bloody fucking war; the war nobody wanted and how it was affecting so many lives. The men fully prepared for the situation rushed upstairs to shower and change into uniform.

Trying to make herself useful Sarah made her way into the kitchen, where she went through the process of making coffee and toast.

It wasn't long before the lovers in her life, having dropped their kit by the front door, entered the kitchen. In a sombre mood they sat quietly at the table. Sarah as a comfort rested her hand on their shoulders as she lean over and waited upon them. Both her lovers returned the compliment by stroking her naked thighs as she stood beside them.

The ringing of the door bell broke the morose atmosphere in the kitchen. Both men stood up, where all three of them huddled together and gave each other kisses before making their way to the front door. There they gave each other a final kiss before presenting themselves to the world.

Making their way down the steps, Sarah called Chris back, reached out, kissed and hugging his back slowly stroked it up and down. As she stroked, Chris began to slowly move his hips so his manhood pressed against her body. "Ok. Times up, that's enough you two." Steve interrupted as he saw the driver adjust his crotch.

Sarah just stood there waving, as the car made its way down the drive and out of sight. It was only then she realised she was still naked, but there again that was her lifestyle. Naked, as free as a bird; with just her purple rabbit for company.