 It had been a good fuck. Then most fucks with my husband were. Despite our twenty five-year marriage starting to creak a little, as they do after such a time, the sex was still good, in fact, usually it was outstanding. The only problem was that there wasn't enough of it!

Bill and I had both drank a lot of wine and had put our marriage problems behind us as we had undressed for bed. We didn't get into the bed for as I was turning the throw back I felt Bill stroking my bum. I stopped what I was doing and stayed bent over. His hand went between my legs and he stroked my pussy and then my bottom. After a few moments, I fell forward and he lay on my back, eased my legs apart and then fucked me from behind. It was lovely.

We lay there for a few moments enjoying that post orgasm glow.

"I would love to see you with another woman," he said out of the blue, although he had mentioned it several times before.

"Bill you know I can't do that."

"Can't or won't."

"Both. I am just not into women they do nothing for me" I said truthfully.

"Ah such a pity."

"Why would you like to see that?"

"I don't know, I just think the idea is so exciting."

"What me having sex with another woman or just seeing her?"

"Both I suppose, you don't mind me saying it do you Dani?"

I was used to him saying things like that in those post orgasmic times just after sex.

"No darling I don't mind, but I just couldn't do it with a woman in front of you."

He laughed. "What about behind me then?"

I smiled. "Not that or even alongside you. Women aren't my thing."

"What about men?"

"What do you mean? You know I am a man's woman.

"Well how about that then?"

"What?"

"Letting me see you with another man."

Although I had led a very 'vanilla' life and had not been at all unfaithful to Bill, the idea both of going with another man and having Bill watch did arouse me a little.

"Why would you want me to do that?"

"It would be exciting. Spice up our sex life a bit.

"What seeing me being shagged or watching the guy?"

"Both I guess" he replied letting his fingers fall on to the top of my small, left breast. "Would you like that Danni?"

I was torn. In some ways, I found it hugely exciting, but I didn't feel that I should tell him that. I tried to hedge my bets.

"Bill let's just leave it."

"No it interests me. Doesn't it you"

"I don't know why?"

"I bet you do really," he continued taking hold of my nipple between his thumb and forefinger. "See."

"What?"

"This is hard, it excites you doesn't it?"

"Yes luv, it does a little."

"So would you?"

"How would we find anyone?" Was my rather pathetic, but clearly quite submissive reply

*

"I have found him" Bill said a couple of months later.

After several more badgering sessions from Bill, I had eventually agreed to go with another guy, but stipulated that it could not be anyone we knew. 'I don't want any history or skeletons in the cupboard," I had told him. "I want to be able to walk away from him with no concern at all of ever seeing him again," I explained.

Bill agreed.

Although having sex with another guy in front of Bill excited me, I didn't think he would be able to arrange it and that was part of my reasoning for saying yes for I wasn't at all sure I would be able to go through with it. I told Bill that and he said that he understood.

We discussed it a few times during those two months or so, always after sex. That is apart from this time when Bill had just come home from work.

"What do you mean?"

"I have found the man, your lover."

"You haven't" I gulped feeling worried.

"Oh yes I have."

"Where did you find him?"

"On a swinger's website."

"No."

"Oh yes I have."

"Is that safe?"

"Yes perfectly look," he said handing me an email.

I noticed the email address billswife@yahoo.co.uk. I smiled and said. "You cheeky sod" as I started to read it.

Hi Bill

My name is James and I am a forty six year old widower. I live in Cambridge, which is reasonably convenient to where you both are, but far enough apart from you and Dani to avoid any 'accidents!'

I read your ad with great interest and would like to put myself forward for your 'interesting project.' I have performed such a role several times before and would love to perform it again for you and Dani.

Having sold my electronics business after my wife died I am semi-retired, but have interests in a number of small businesses. I, therefore, have time on my hands so arranging a meeting if you deem that worthwhile should present no issues.

I have enclosed a photo that was taken earlier this year and have others, including some of a rather more intimate nature, if you require those.

Whilst very hetero, when required I have had my bi moments and would happily get involved in whatever you and Dani require.

I leave it to you to take this further if you both would like to and I look forward to you possibly contacting me by email or on the mobile number below.

Kind regards

James

Bill explained that he had placed a discrete ad on a swinger's website.

"What did that say?" I asked.

"Here I'll show you," he said clicking on his iPad.

I looked at the ad on the website inexperiencedswingers.co.uk it read

Professional couple mid-forties near London. 

We are very happily married and we love each other. But we want to spread our wings and experience more. We would love to hear from single men in their forties or fifties who would like to entertain my wife as I look on and possibly join in.

He explained that he had seven replies and had managed to speak to five of them.

"James sounds perfect Dan and he looks good too," he said handing me a photo. He was right.

"Have you spoken to him?"

"Yes several times, he sounds great."

My heart was pounding as in a rather matter of fact way talked about a man who might well become my lover.

"What now?"

"Well James and I thought two things."

"And they are?"

"You chat with him and if you are comfortable we all meet for dinner. What do you think?"

I agreed and later that evening after dinner and two glasses of wine, I placed Bill's mobile to my ear.

"Hello" I said in barely a whisper.

"Hi is that Dani?"

"Yes."

"This is James, it's nice to meet you" the nicely modulated voice oozed into my ear.

"And you."

He asked how I was and chatted very easily, relaxing me and building a quick rapport. As far as one can on an initial phone call, I liked him.

Bill took over and I went to the bathroom.

"What do you think?"

"He sounds nice."

Bill smiled. "Nice to enough to er, um ....?"

"Sleep with?" I said rather sharply.

"Yes, but with me there of course."

"Maybe I would prefer it without you there? I laughed.

"Now, now that's against the rules; remember the three musketeers' saying 'all for one and one for all?"

"Yes I know."

"So shall we meet?"

"If you want."

"No it's if you will Dan."

"I'll try Bill, but I can't promise, I have said that all along."

"Yes I know and I have told James that, he understands and is completely cool about it."

"Ok then?"

"For what?"

"To meet?"

"Where?"

"We thought in a restaurant and if all goes well then go to his or our place."

"It couldn't be here Bill; I have to have total anonymity."

"That's fine, he's happy for us to go there or we can go to a hotel."

After a lot of discussion that evening during which I felt incredibly horny, which led to an absolutely fantastic fuck we agreed on a plan.

We would meet at a restaurant in Cambridge for lunch and if all went well we would go to his place. 

James had booked a table at the Midsummer House, which is a very upscale, two Michelin star restaurant in Cambridge. He explained that it was only a few minutes to his converted barn and that if we had a drink that it would be perfectly safe leaving our car at the restaurant.

Over the next few days waiting for 'my fate', I must have changed my mind twenty times. Twice I told Bill I could not do it, but then relented when we had sex. The odd thing was that on both occasions, the image of James was in my mind as Bill and I made love.

With both of our children away at university, Bill and I lead a busy social life. We both play golf and tennis, go to the gym, swim and eat out a lot. We are comfortable financially. Bill runs his small, five-person architectural practice and I lecture in Victorian history at a local college. I do not need to do that from an income point of view, but I love doing it.

On the Thursday, I had a lecture at nine that meant I would be home by eleven. That gave me time to shower and do all the things that woman do before a date, not that I was up with that as I had not been on one for nearly thirty years! Bill would be home by twelve thirty thus enabling us to leave home by one to get to the restaurant by two.

Naked after showering I was in my bedroom wondering what to wear. Then, and in the shower, I was so sexually aroused that I came close to masturbating, something I rarely did nowadays. I resisted the temptation, just about, but was very aware that once more it was James' angular face, full head of dark hair flecked with grey and his piercing blue eyes that were in my mind. It was more than his features, though, for he had sent a photo of him in shorts and as I reached the peak of my arousal when my hands actually cupped my small B cup breasts, I was imagining them pressed against his nicely hairy chest.

I looked at myself in the full-length mirror wondering what James would make of my body and me. 

I had no concern and didn't think he would have an issue with my weight. 

I have a slim build and carry no excess anywhere, which is luck really and more due to my metabolism than anything on my part. Alright, I play tennis and work out and am careful with my diet, but I certainly drink too much, probably near to a bottle of wine most evenings, but I was careful after both children so my tummy is flat and I have no 'baby wrinkles.' My waist is pretty trim at twenty six inches and my bum, though fairly pert is beginning to 'drop' a little, making me resolve not to turn my back to him when standing up naked. 'Shit' I thought 'I am beginning to accept having sex with him and I have not even met him yet.'

Cupping my tits and looking at them in the mirror my immediate thought was that they are, how can I describe them, nothing I suppose is the most apt description. They are not full or particularly pert and certainly they are not big; I have difficulty creating a deep cleavage even with a tight, uplift bra. Just little pouches of flesh that do not have that much going for them, although the nipples are quite pronounced and are hugely sensitive.

As it was warm for mid-October and I still had a tan from our recent family holiday at the house we have just bought at a knock down price in Southern Florida, I chose not to wear tights or stockings. I knew the restaurant would be fairly dressy so I chose a tightish, white, just above the knee skirt matched with a black, silk blouse with buttons all the way up the front and a white jacket with the cuffs turned back. I slipped one of those long, dangly necklaces round my neck and clipped on my diamond earrings.

Bill arrived home just as I came downstairs and gave me a welcome wolf whistle.

"Blimey, you must fancy him looking like that" he smiled

"Don't be daft."

Bill came up to me and took me in his arms. "Seriously Dan, you look lovely. He might be a very lucky man" he said into my ear. 

"Yes he might."

"But if you decide you don't want to then say so. That'll be fine."

*

The lunch went well. James was lovely and was the sort of man that I could easily fall for. He was beautifully dressed in a mid-blue linen jacket, a sparkling white shirt with two buttons undone showing his hairy chest and sand coloured linen trousers. He was undoubtedly good looking and momentarily I wondered why he did things like this for he should have no difficulty meeting and going out with women, of all ages I thought. He had that confident and assured way about him that the rich often have and seemed perfectly at ease and at home in the swanky restaurant being greeted by several of the staff.

Bill and he got on well and there was no tension when James flirted with me or when he touched my wrist.

Over coffee as James went to the toilet Bill asked.

"Well?"

I knew what he meant and nodded. "So far yes, but there's a long way to go Bill."

"So" James said when he returned. "May I invite you both to my home?"

We both nodded.

He clicked on his mobile phone and said to us. "My car will be here in five minutes."

We were driven to his home in his BMW 7 Series with me sitting between the two of them their legs pressed against mine. It felt nice and augured well for what might happen later.

His house was a large, converted barn just off Castle Street and quite near to Magdelene College. It was beautifully furnished and reeked of money, but in a stylishly understated way. His home was like him if that can happen; stylish, expensive and confident without being arrogant.

We hadn't drunk that much at lunch, for which incidentally James had insisted on paying, just a bottle of Chablis and a nice claret so both Bill and I accepted James' suggestion of champagne.

He went into what I assumed was the kitchen and returned to the huge lounge with a bottle of Moet and three tulip glasses.

Standing a few feet from where Bill and I were sitting on a sofa he smiled at us and looking at me said.

"Shall we drink it here or............" and then after a pause added. "In the bedroom?"

I looked at Bill as James added. "Don't worry Dani you can still say no and, by the way that goes at any times."

"Thanks James."

"So Dan" Bill asked?

I didn't answer for I did not feel able to frame the word 'yes' to such a blatant, yet excruciatingly exciting suggestion. Instead, I simply stood up. They both understood. James smiled and as always polite and diplomatic, but assured and in control, he said.

"Would you like to follow me then?"

We followed him across the lounge, into and along a short corridor and up a short flight of open stairs.

"We had the mezzanines put in when we refurbished the place after we bought it three years ago he explained opening a pair of double doors and ushering us into the bedroom. It was massive, at least thirty feet square. There was a seating area with two low chairs and two matching four-seater sofas grouped round a low, glass table. I wondered why the hell anyone would need those in a bedroom, but said nothing as I took in the two huge plasmas, one for viewing from the sofas and the other suspended from the ceiling over the big, again getting on for square bed. Along one wall there was a bank of wardrobes with floor to ceiling, mirrored doors with the other wall, the one facing the bed being given over to a series of windowed French doors. They led out onto a small balcony.

"There's only one bedroom on this mezzanine, but there are two more on the other and a couple more downstairs," he explained opening the champagne. "So any time either of you need a bed on this area we have plenty. Come let's sit. May I take your jacket Dani?"

It was beginning to get dark outside so James fiddled around with a tiny laptop. Impressively that not only put lights on round the room, but also switched on the sound system that played some beautiful classical music, Bach I think.

Bill had sat in one of the chairs and I had perched myself in the corner of the sofa. James came and sat beside me. We chatted away avoiding, or so it seemed, the 'big issue' that had brought us together and was the reason we were there, James fucking me as my husband watched.

Bill and I had discussed how we would extricate ourselves if either of us became uncomfortable at any time. We had agreed on a phrase that we would say to the other if we wanted to leave and also one if we wanted to proceed.

Out of the blue, Bill used the phrase that asked if I was happy to move to the next stage.

"What time are you playing golf tomorrow?" he asked.

Replying that I was playing in the morning meant I was not comfortable and saying that I was playing in the afternoon meant that I was ok to go on. I thought for a few moments as a little shudder went through my entire body. Then taking a deep breath I said softly.

"Not until the afternoon."

Smiling, Bill stood, walked over to me and placing his hands on either side of my face, he kissed me on the lips. Breaking the kiss he looked into my eyes for a moment or two, then turned his head, and looked at James. James was sitting just a foot or so away from me. Bill said very quietly.

"James have you been properly introduced to my wife Dani?"

I looked from bill to James and saw him smile as he replied.

"No Bill, not properly or formally I haven't."

I was not quite sure what Bill was up to and I wondered if they had agreed some 'secret' phrases. It became clearer though when Bill went on.

"Then meet Dani, James and Dani say hello to James."

As James closed the short distance between us, slipped his arm round my shoulders and brought his face close to mine I realised what was happening. I turned my face to greet his and welcomed his mouth on mine. We kissed. He murmured. 

"Hello Dani, it's lovely to meet you."

I smiled and replied. "As it is you James."

Then, for only the second time since I had married Bill I enjoyed a deep and passionate kiss with a man other than my husband. And it was lovely.

Quickly, it became an open-mouthed kiss with both of us using our tongues and squirming our lips on the others. He was a wonderful kisser. Completely closing the space between us James put both of his arms round me and I let my body rest against his. He pulled me tighter until my small boobs were squashed against him and that felt marvellous. I looked over his shoulder and caught Bill's gaze. He smiled and nodded encouragingly. I closed my eyes again and gave into the gorgeous feelings my body and mind were gaining from James. 

His kissing technique was wonderful and so different to Bill's. Although back to him both of them made ample use of their tongues, James used his more on the outside of my lips than inside my mouth. He licked all round and between them and also sucked and gently nibbled them. It was such a change and I found myself responding by doing the same sort of thing to him.

I was so absorbed with the way that we were kissing that I sort of lost track of time and had no idea how long we had been kissing. More significantly, though, I also as good as forgot my earlier reservations. It was beginning to feel perfectly natural to be kissing this virtual stranger as my husband looked on. As James and I kissed, I occasionally opened my eyes and was pleased to see Bill staring at us and smiling his support to me.

I had slid back into the corner of the sofa with James now half-lying on top of me. As a result my skirt had slid up my legs and I knew that I was showing their bareness at least half-way up my thighs. When James broke the kiss to ask.

"Ok Dani?" I saw him look down at my legs and wondered whether he was about to slide his hand up my skirt. Although my body would have welcomed such a move for it was crying out to be caressed and stroked, my mind was resistant to the idea. That was thinking it may be too soon and maybe inappropriate in the circumstances. After all with a massive bed beckoning us why do the 'back of a car stuff?'

As it happened, he did not do that, but as we were in a long, deep and hugely enjoyable kiss, I felt his hand on my breast. Although it made me jump, it felt good and, more importantly it felt natural and right. He squeezed it nicely sending wonderful sensations through me. I again looked at Bill who simply smiled and nodded. 
