 She was born in the biggest snowstorm this side of 1900, after her mother had labored for 20 hours. Her father, enamored of the pristine white landscape he saw through the window, named her Snow. She was a beautiful baby, with a shock of dark hair and wide blue eyes. Her mother lived long enough to admire her daughter's pouty red lips and despair of the name Snow, and then she passed on from labor complications. Snow's father was heartbroken, but vowed to his wife's cooling body that he would protect and care for their daughter always. 

Unfortunately for Snow, her father decided that a feminine influence in the house would be most beneficial to her, and he remarried within a year of his wife's death. His new wife was beautiful, but cold. She made a show of fussing over the baby, but from the time Snow was a young girl, she knew her stepmother didn't like her very much, and maybe even hated her. Snow loved her father dearly, and when he was killed in a car accident on the day of her 15th birthday she thought she might die too, of sorrow. She sought out her stepmother for the first time in her life, thinking they might console each other over their mutual loss, but the woman refused to speak to her, and shut the bedroom door in her face. 

Snow spent the next three years focusing all her effort on her schooling. She studied hard, and did well in her classes. She dreamed of becoming a doctor, so that she might, just maybe, save another mother or father out there and maybe spare another girl such as herself from such sadness. Her stepmother largely ignored her, preferring to keep to herself or go out at night when Snow was home. Snow longed to feel close to someone, and sooner rather than later she found a boyfriend. Timothy was sweet and understanding, and his mother loved Snow. They had an easy relationship, but despite Timothy's urging, Snow could never bring herself to "go all the way" with him.

Snow graduated from high school valedictorian of her class. She was accepted into a good school and planned to work toward her medical degree. On the eve of her graduation, her class took a trip to the beach to celebrate. Snow had a fun time with her friends and looked forward to starting the next chapter of her life. When she arrived home the next morning, there were several boxes stacked on the doorstep, and to her surprise, her key wouldn't turn in the lock. She rang the bell but either her stepmother wasn't home or she was ignoring her. Snow sighed and looked in the boxes. The first one had a note on top of a pile of her clothes. 'You are 18 and graduated from high school. You are no longer welcome in my house,' read the note, and Snow burst into tears, not really surprised, but terrified as to what she would do. She called Timothy, and his mother insisted Snow come stay with them for the remainder of the summer, until she left for college. 

That was the first night Snow had sex. She wanted to show Timothy she was grateful for a place to stay, and after being so strongly rejected by her stepmother, it felt good to be wanted by someone. The experience was vaguely unpleasant, she thought it was a messy and painful process, but Timothy seemed to enjoy it very much, and she endured his attentions several more times throughout the summer, before she left for college. The distance proved too much for Timothy, and within months of her leaving he broke up with her, but she found she did not mind very much, as she was an attractive young girl and there were plenty of boys eager to fill Timothy's shoes. She spent a few years casually dating and enjoying herself, and then in premed she met HIM.

Charlton was perfect. He was tall and handsome and polite. He was fun to be around and treated Snow like a princess. To top it off, he was rich. Snow was amazed at her luck. He took her out to dinners and away for weekends, which Snow appreciated more than anything since she lived with several roommates. The sex was amazing, too. He was skilled and persuasive, always getting her to try something new, something she had been scared to try before. Snow loved the feeling of being naughty or doing something society considered taboo. Blindfolds and handcuffs had found their way into her bed, and once she'd jacked him off while they watched a movie in the theater. It seemed she was helpless to resist his ideas. So when he suggested that he watch her with another man, she didn't argue. 

They were in the kitchen she shared with her roommates while she cooked the two of them dinner. She shared the large house with 7 roommates, all male. It was surprisingly inexpensive to rent one small room, and as she had limited funds the situation suited her well. Charlton never seemed to mind the lack of privacy, and he was on friendly speaking terms with all her roommates.

"Who's home right now, babe?" asked Charlton.

"Umm Cody, Mike, and I think Zach," said Snow. "Why?" Charlton grinned.

"You were serious about letting me watch, right?"

"Sure," said Snow, "But I still don't see the connection..." her voice trailed off as Charlton left the room. Surely he couldn't mean one of her roommates, he had to be talking about watching her with someone she didn't know. She stirred the sauce on the stove and frowned. Charlton was gone a good ten minutes, but then he returned. Cody followed him. Snow's face burned. Oh please, don't let him be here for sex, she thought. 

"Good news, babe," said Charlton. "Cody's interested. Very interested." Cody smiled at Snow.

"I've been interested since you moved in! I just never thought I'd have the chance."

"Oh, uh, thank you?" said Snow, unsure of what to say.

"Relax," said Charlton. He stepped toward her, massaging her shoulders. Snow leaned into him. "This will be fun, I promise." He reached around her and turned off the heat on the stove. "Let's go into the living room."

"The living room?!" sputtered Snow. She'd thought she'd at least get the privacy of her bedroom, or better yet Charlton's bedroom in his single bedroom apartment. Charlton was already steering her into the front room and Snow took a big gulp of air. For him, she'd do this. Cody sat down on the couch and Snow, fidgeting, sat next to him. 

"Hey, relax beautiful," Cody whispered. He leaned over and kissed her. It was a nice kiss, gentle and warm. Cody thrust his tongue into her mouth and let it touch against her own. He turned sideways and kissed gently down her neck, nibbling softly and taking her earlobe in his mouth. Snow shuddered with pleasure and felt her body begin to respond. Cody's hands reached up and found her breast, softly pinched her nipple through the fabric. 

Snow moaned and let her head fall back. She unconsciously spread her legs, and Cody took advantage of her open posture, sliding his other hand down her body and rubbing her through her jeans. Snow moaned again and looked for Charlton. He was sitting in a chair opposite of them, slowly rubbing his cock through his pants. The sight turned Snow on even more, and she stopped Cody so she could stand up and take off her shirt and jeans. She stood in front of Cody in her bra and panties, and his eyes widened in appreciation. 

"You're beautiful," he said, and pulled her down onto the couch. He deftly flipped her onto her back and slid her underwear down in two quick movements, immediately replacing her panties with his tongue. He licked slowly at first, building up intensity and speed as Snow panted and thrust her hips to meet his mouth. Charlton unzipped his pants and brought his cock out, still working it at a leisurely speed as he took in the spectacle. Snow was crying out to god as Cody expertly licked her slit and suckled her clit. He slipped a finger inside her as he kept licking and she bucked and shuddered, her hips frantically pressing her pussy toward his tongue. She shook and began to cum. Cody quickly thrust her legs to the sides and before she'd finished her orgasm his cock was inside her. He must have undone his pants while he was eating me, thought Snow. She was adrift in post-orgasm bliss and hardly noticed as Cody began thrusting in and out of her. 

"You're so wet," he groaned, pumping his cock in and out. Snow whimpered with the pleasure of having his cock inside her. Cody wasn't extraordinarily long, but his tool was thicker than average, and her pussy felt absolutely stuffed. The feeling of fullness was amazing, and she thought she might cum again. She slid her arms up and around his back as he fucked her. "Hold on tight," said Cody, and Snow obediently wrapped her legs and arms around him. He lifted her onto the floor, rolling her over onto her front just a foot away from Charlton. "Suck his cock," he said, and slammed his own back into her ready and waiting pussy. Snow leaned forward and took Charlton in her mouth. He grunted his appreciation, placing a hand on the back of her head and lightly pushing down. Snow did her best to accommodate, distracted by the thick cock filling her pussy. 

"Oh god, I'm gonna cum!" Cody increased his speed, literally pounding his cock into her, and Snow felt his balls slap against her with every thrust. She moaned around Charlton's dick, and felt her pussy begin to clench in orgasm. "Oh, fuck," said Cody as her insides squeezed him tight, and he pumped his cum into her, groaning and shuddering. Snow's back arched up and she came hard, almost choking on Charlton's dick as she cried out. Cody withdrew from her and her pussy felt suddenly empty. She kept working at Charlton's cock, wondering if Cody would have it in him to go another round.

After a minute she felt him pressing against her entrance again, and she eagerly lifted her hips to give him better access, surprised he was ready so soon. She was filled with his cum and her own fluid, and his dick slipped in easily. Snow halted as he began to thrust in and out. His cock felt different, not so full. She dropped Charlton from her mouth and turned to look. Mike was fucking her, quite enthusiastically. Cody was lying on the couch, pulling on his cock to get it hard again. To her surprise Zach was also standing in the doorway, apparently awaiting his turn. Mike was breathing hard and his small cock was ramming in her like a machine. He didn't say anything when he saw her looking, just smiled and fucked her faster. Charlton turned her head guided his dick to her mouth. Snow wondered if her pussy could take three fuckings, especially if Mike kept pounding her like that. She decided she'd worry about it later and just enjoy the feeling for now. She slipped a hand between her legs gently rubbed her clit up and down with one finger. It was slick with juices and sticky. 

Mike suddenly stopped and pulled her away from Charlton. He laid down on the floor and pulled her on top of him, and snow realized it was turn to do the work. She straddled him and slipped his cock into her pussy. He breathed hard as she began to ride his dick, bouncing and moaning. Zach appeared in front of her, naked. His erect penis was about six inches long, and all of it was bobbing right in front of her face. She leaned forward and took him in her mouth, never stopping the rhythm of her riding. Zach sighed and put a hand on her head, closing his eyes and clearly enjoying himself. From the corner of her eye Snow could see Charlton jerking himself at the same steady pace. 

"Oh yeah," breathed Zach. "Oh, that's a good girl, that's a good girl." He thrust his cock into her throat farther, fucking her mouth. "Shit, yes, that's a good little girl!" beneath her, Mike continued his deep breathing but said nothing. Snow stopped riding his cock as she thought she heard the front door open, but then she heard nothing and returned to working his cock in and out of her pussy as Zach did the same to her mouth. After a moment she felt a pair of eyes on her, and turned from Zach's dick to see Jimmy, Rob, and Samuel standing in the doorway. Apparently her roommates were carpooling. Snow felt slightly ashamed that they were seeing her like this, but she didn't stop her rhythm on top of Mike, and Zach was pushing his dick against her face again, eager to resume the blowjob.

"Well, well, well," said Jimmy. "I didn't know we were having a party. Is there room for everyone?" He looked over at Charlton, instinctively knowing who was in charge. Charlton smiled, nodded, and gave them a 'be my guest' gesture with his free hand. Without hesitation, Jimmy began taking his clothes off, followed by Samuel. Rob seemed reluctant, or shy. Snow watched, excited but also nervous. She didn't know how much her pussy could take, and Samuel was black. Was it true what they said? 

Yes, she discovered a moment later when both men were naked. It was absolutely true. Samuels' cock must have been nine inches, and it was at least as big around as Cody's had been. 

"Here," said Zach, and withdrew himself from her mouth. "You want to try that," he said to the guys. "Fucking amazing little cocksucker." Beneath her, Mike began to thrust upward to meet her, holding his breath and then letting it out in sharp puffs of air. Snow fucked him for all she was worth as the other guys looked on, stroking themselves. With a final 'pah!' of air, Mike came inside her, his body jerking abruptly, and as soon as he was done she rolled off of him, wondering what would happen next. 

Zach answered her question by lying down on the floor and pulling her toward him. She mounted him, his cock a welcome presence in her pussy.

"Fuck yeah," he said. "That's a nice tight pussy." Cody approached her, hard again, and her right hand closed around him, pulling his shaft up and down. Samuel came in on her left, and Jimmy appeared in front of her. She leaned forward and let Jimmy fuck her mouth as she jerked off Cody and Samuel. She rode Zach's cock and moaned her pleasure around the dick in her mouth. She almost couldn't believe this was happening, it felt so surreal. 

She could still see Charlton from the corner of her eye. He was smiling, clearly enjoying the show, and continuing to work his cock. The men were grunting and groaning, she was having a hard time telling what was coming from where now. She heard the front door open again, this time she was certain, but she didn't stop and neither did any of the men. She couldn't see what was going on or who had come in, but it no longer mattered. Snow changed her rhythm, sliding her pussy back and forth across Zach's body, rubbing herself on him and working her clit as best she could. She was close now. From the corner of her eye, she could see Charlton mouthing something and gesturing to someone, but she was too close to pay much attention.

Snow heard the guys grunting their exertions but all she could focus on was her impending orgasm. She rubbed her pussy against Zach, frantically jerking her hips and pressing down. Her pussy clenched around Zach, and he let loose another stream of approving profanities. She came against him, her body flooding with feeling and the cocks in her hands temporarily forgotten. It was a couple seconds before she realized there was a finger in her ass. Zach's hands were accounted for, and Charlton was still sitting. She could only assume it was Joel, her other roommate. The finger gently worked her ass and she leaned forward to give it better access. Suddenly Zach lifted her off of him and turned her around, Jimmy's cock popping out of her mouth as Samuel and Rob were tending to their own needs with their hands. 

She thought he only meant to change the position, but to Snow's surprise, she felt Zach pushing against her anus. She'd always enjoyed the stimulation of a single finger in her ass, but she'd never tried to take a whole cock. She looked to Charlton, afraid, but he just nodded and smiled encouragingly at her. Snow took a nervous gulp and tried to calm her fears.

"Relax," said Zach. His cock, slick with her pussy juice and the cum from before, was slowly but steadily sliding into her ass. "I won't hurt you. Much." The feeling was strange, but also good. The fullness was incredible, but it made her pussy ache and feel empty. She looked up at Samuel. She wanted to try the black cock. 

"Fuck me," she said to him, astonished at her own braveness. Samuel didn't need to be asked twice. Within seconds he was kneeling over her and Zach and sliding his massive cock into her cunt. 

"Oh my god," gasped Snow as she was penetrated from both sides. She'd never felt so full and she thought she might cum just from the feeling. Zach held relatively still, but she could feel Samuel rubbing against him through the walls of her pussy. "Oh my god," she said again, amazed and completely stuffed. Cody came around from above her and Zach and his cock tapped her in the face until she opened her mouth and took him inside, tilting her head back so his cock was angled down her throat. He groaned, fucking downwards.

Rob was sitting on the floor, jerking off while he watched with wide eyes. Jimmy came next to her and groped her boob while he jacked his dick up and down. Samuel rode her pussy hard, every thrust causing delightful pressure against Zach's cock, and Snow found herself on the verge of yet another orgasm. Her clenching pussy was too much for Samuel, and he blew his load inside her as she screamed her pleasure around Cody's cock and came the hardest she'd ever come, her asshole squeezing Zach's dick like it never wanted to let it go. Samuel pulled out of her and before she even had time to put her legs down Jimmy was between her legs, and his cock was inside her. 

After Samuel's massive tool Jimmy felt like nothing, but the rubbing through the walls of her pussy and ass kept the feeling intense. Rob moved closer, standing over her now as he rapidly pulled on his penis. He was groaning a little bit and Snow suddenly felt drops landing on her arm and looked over to see Rob cumming on her breasts. Zach was grunting beneath her and she knew he wouldn't be able to last much longer. Joel and Charlton were still watching and jacking off. Mike was watching but appeared to be down and out for the count as far as sex was concerned. Snow felt Zach push hard into her ass, the pain made up for by the fullness. He was breathing shakily and jerking, and she felt his hot cum spurt inside her ass. Jimmy was grunting like he wouldn't be far behind. Cody began spasming against her face, and she felt him shoot his cum down her throat.

"Swallow it, swallow it," moaned Cody, still pushing his cock down her throat. She let the cum slide down her throat, her swallows massaging his softening dick and he shuddered. 

"Oh yea, swallowing like a good little slut, oh yea, oh yea," Jimmy was pounding into her pussy, each thrust causing Zach's limp cock to slip out of her a little more. "Oh yea!" Jimmy came hard, slamming his cock into her pussy so hard that Snow's body started to slip further up Zach's body, the seeping fluids lubricating her way. Jimmy collapsed against her, taking her nipple in his mouth as he lay against her. Snow softly whimpered. 

"Snow." Charlton's voice was calm but full of lust. "Come here." She obediently pulled herself from under Jimmy, his cock falling out of her, and crawled on her hands and knees over to Charlton, climbing halfway onto the chair to take his firm penis into her mouth. Joel came behind her, and she felt him pressing against her ass, already lubed from Zach's cum. Joel's cock slipped in easily, and Snow was surprised how much she liked it, even without the second cock ravaging her pussy. He thrust in her, shallow but quick, and Snow matched his pace as she sucked Charlton's cock, eager to swallow his load. The other men watched, spent. 

Joel cupped her butt cheeks in his hand, gently, and then gave them a little smack. Snow was surprised, but the slight jarring of her body against the dick buried in her ass was surprisingly delicious. He smacked her ass again, then rubbed them deeply, all the while fucking her asshole. She angled her hips upward as she worked on Charlton's staff, giving him better access. He obliged her by again lightly smacking her ass cheek. She panted with pleasure, her tongue sliding down Charlton's cock, licking and questing while she deep throated him. 
