 Marigold's overactive imagination had gotten her into trouble again. She'd been romanticizing the forest, getting in touch with nature, and now she was lost. She knew she couldn't be too far from the campsite she and her friends had chosen for the weekend, but she had no idea which direction to go. She'd been dreamily composing a poem in her head, something about the mystery of the woods, and some little spark in the back of her brain had suggested perhaps this was a magic forest, filled with fairies and talking animals. She knew it was ridiculous, of course, but she'd scampered ever deeper into the depths of the woods, caught up in her fantasy.

It was probably all to blame on all the fantasy books she read, she thought. Unicorns and dragons and talking cats, elves and fairies and lonely sorcerors who lived alone in the forest, it was all terribly fun to think about, but less fun now the sun was beginning to set and and there was a chill in the air. She called out, hoping someone would hear her - her friends, another camper, a forest ranger, anyone. She kept yelling until her throat began to feel hoarse. Still no one responded. She felt like she'd been walking for miles; how had she not reached the campsite or at least the end of the forest? If only she could find a park road, that would be something. 

Marigold hugged herself, rubbing her arms in an effort to keep warm. It wasn't too uncomfortable yet, but she knew the temperature up here would drop drastically once the sun set and night came. Maybe she could find some shelter, a cave or a hollow tree. At least she would have a warmer place to stay the night, and in the morning her friends were bound to come looking for her. Perhaps there would be a full search party, helicopters and a full crew of rangers, followed by reporters. They'd interview her and fill the air with her story, with how brave she'd been. 'It was nothing,' she'd say, 'I knew I would be found eventually.' She'd use the opportunity to create her greatest poem yet, post it on the internet and achieve fame. 'What a brave girl,' everyone would say, 'to survive such an ordeal.' Men would feel the overwhelming urge to protect her from another such mishap, she'd have them falling at her feet to be with her...

The crack of a branch snapping drew her from her fantasy. A squirrel went zipping by overhead, and Marigold shook her head. How silly she was being! She'd always hand a tendency to romanticize things, and look where that had gotten her. She told herself she would be quite content with being found, soon and unharmed, and never mind the tv reporters and the men. Well, perhaps just one man. A handsome park ranger, overcome by her beauty, sweeping her into his arms and covering her with a blanket, insisting she was too weak to walk, taking her to his home and nursing her back to health. He'd spoon-feed her broth, and one night they'd kiss...

"Stop it, Marigold!" she said out loud. She really needed to focus, no more letting her imagination run wild. It was getting darker by the minute, and if she didn't find a place to shelter her from the cold, it was going to be a very long and miserable night. They'd find her poor frozen body, and the tragic story would be all over the news. 'How sad,' everyone would say. No, focus! She picked a direction at random and set off. 

* 

She'd been walking for forever. It was a magical forest, and once you entered, you were doomed to keep walking until you died of thirst, and then the forest trees sucked your body dry for nutrients... she was disrupted from her latest imagining by the realization that there was light up ahead. A light! She broke into a run and came upon a cabin. There was smoke coming from the chimney and her hands shook as she thought of the warmth. She was saved! She ran to the door and hammered her fists on it. 

"Hello? Hello? Please, help me!" she cried. There was no response. She tried again, knocking louder. "Hello? Please, I'm lost and I need help." Still no response. Maybe no one was home? Hands trembling, she reached for the door handle. It was unlocked, and she pushed her way in, thanking her lucky stars. "Hello? I'm so sorry to intrude, but I'm lost, you see..." Her voice trailed off as she realized that the cabin was empty. It wasn't terribly large, and was set up as one room only, so she was quite certain she was alone. She hurried to the wood stove in the corner, which was radiating waves of heat. Marigold had never felt anything so glorious.

Once she'd soaked up enough heat to feel human again, she began to look around at her surroundings. There were a few deer heads mounted on the wall, and a large gun rack on the wall opposite. She guessed it must be some kind of hunting cabin. There were three beds near the back of the cabin, completely open to the room and each other. Probably some sort of bachelor get-away pad, then. If it was a family they would probably have made some attempt at separation, for privacy. That was fine, as long as they were hospitable bachelors. She imagined them coming home from a day's hunting, shocked and delighted to find a beautiful young woman in dire need of their help. They'd fuss over her, radio for help, insist she take a bed while they slept on the couch and waited for help...

Her growling stomach brought her back to reality. Surely such hospitable men wouldn't begrudge her some food. She'd noticed a pot on the wood stove earlier, and when she opened the lid, she found a stew of sorts. A quick search of the 'kitchen' portion of the cabin revealed bowls and utensils, and she soon had a heart helping dished up, burning her tongue as she scarfed it down. It was delicious. Once she'd eaten her fill, unabashedly going back for seconds, she began to feel sleepy. Maybe she'd just lie down on the couch for a few minutes. She stretched out, trying to get comfortable, but it was hard and unyielding. With a sigh, Marigold sat up and eyeballed the beds across the room. Maybe she could just take a short nap on one, leaping up and pretending she hadn't the instant someone arrived home. They looked warm and inviting.

She crossed the room and laid down on the bed nearest the fire, but quickly decided it was much too warm there, and moved to the bed furthest away. Before she could drift off, she began to feel chilled, and moved again, this time to the bed in the middle. It was the perfect compromise, and soon Marigold was fast asleep. 

She was startled awake by voices. How long had she been sleeping?

"Well, well. What do we have here?" A gruff masculine voice was coming from the foot of the bed. Marigold sat up and her blood ran cold. A large man was standing there with a rifle pointed directly at her. Two other men flanked him, one on each side, and both had weapons drawn on her as well. 

"I'm so sorry!" pleaded Marigold, adrenaline coursing through her. "I was lost, you see, and I meant no harm, I just needed to get in out of the cold."

"Trespasser," spat the man on the right. "You didn't see the signs? 'Trespassers will be shot on sight'?"

"I'm so sorry," she said again, her voice quavering. "I'll leave now!" she swung her legs over to the side of the bed and made to stand up, but the barrel of the rifle in her chest forced her back down. 

"It's too late for that," said the large man. "Say goodbye." he cocked the gun and Marigold swallowed hard.

"Wait," she sputtered. "I can make it up to you! Anything you want!" She noticed the smaller man on the left eyeing her chest, and she shakily began to undo the buttons on her blouse. "Look, see, we can work something out." She smiled desperately, undoing the last buttons and pulling her shirt off behind her. The large man threw a glance at his companions, quirking an eyebrow as if to ask what they thought. 

"Come on, Bruin, let's have a little fun," the man on the right spoke up. Bruin, the large man, turned to the smaller man on the left. 

"Robert?" he asked.

"Hmm. Take off those pants and let's see," said Robert, addressing Marigold. She continued to force a smile, and stood up, unzipping her jeans and sliding them to the floor. "That'll do." Robert nodded to Bruin, and Bruin lowered the gun.

"Alright then. Who gets her first? Jacob?" He turned to the man on the right. 

"Well as the oldest, Bruin, I'd say that's your right," Jacob nodded respectfully at Bruin. The men grinned at each other, and Marigold felt sick with fear. Still, better than the alternative. Death would be a lot harder to get over with than sex. Bruin set the gun on the next bed, and unzipped his pants, pulling out his flaccid cock. 

"Better get it hard, honey. It would be a shame to have to stick my gun in that pretty little mouth of yours instead." Marigold moistened her lips. She could do this, just do it without thinking about it and survive, that was the important thing. She sucked on the tip of his cock, trying to get it wet so she could ease it into her mouth. She worked her tongue around the shaft, feeling it grow hard, and slowly began to bob her head up and down it, taking it as deep as she could. Apparently not deep enough for Bruin, for he suddenly grabbed the back of her head and shoved his dick all the way down, Marigold's face smashing into his stomach as she fought for breath around him. 

She gagged and tried to push away for a moment before remembering the gun. Better to gag and struggle for breath than have no breath. Bruin began fucking her face, hard, Marigold drawing breath every time he pulled out far enough. She needed him to be pleased, or she would die. Cautiously she reached a hand up and began to cup his balls, gently kneading and rolling them. Bruin grunted with pleasure and she knew to keep going. She felt the bed behind her shaking and then hands on her waist.

"No reason to let this hole go to waste!" Jacob pulled her panties down in one quick movement. She could hear him taking his pants off and braced herself for impact, still stimulating Bruin's scrotum while she gagged on his cock. Jacob's fingers were rubbing her pussy, then quickly were replaced by something much larger. His cock, hard and large, was roughly shoved up inside her. Her pussy wasn't nearly wet enough, and she tried not to make a sound about the discomfort. It wasn't awful, but she wished she wasn't so dry. Maybe if she could try to turn herself on it wouldn't be so bad. Balancing carefully on her knees, she slipped her free hand down onto her clit, quickly rubbing up and down to stimulate her juices.

"Look at this little slut," cried Jacob. "She's trying to get herself off. She loves this!" He pounded into her pussy harder, and Marigold rubbed herself quicker. Bruin was grunting and groaning with every breath, and Marigold tried to stick out her tongue and allow him even deeper access to her throat. The sooner he finished, the better. The added depth put Bruin over the edge, and he slammed into her throat, his cum squirting down the back. Hastily Marigold swallowed it down. She'd never like swallowing, but she wanted him to be pleased. His movements were strong enough that she dropped both hands to the bed to balance herself. Bruin withdrew his cock and Marigold gulped in air greedily, her unencumbered breathing providing her with relief. Jacob was still fucking her pussy, and she wondered if Robert would replace Bruin in her mouth. 'One down, two to go,' she thought. 

"You should try her mouth," said Bruin, sitting on the bed across from Marigold and watching Jacob fuck her. Marigold hoped he was talking to Robert and not Jacob. She'd finally gotten herself wet enough that the sex wasn't uncomfortable, and at least she could breathe with Jacob fucking her pussy. She'd much rather get them off that way than gag down two more cumshots. She was on birth control, anyway. 

"I think I will," said Jacob, pulling out of her pussy. Inwardly Marigold sighed. Still, better cum in her mouth than a bullet in her head. She smiled and at Jacob and opened her mouth for him. Hopefully Robert would take advantage of her empty pussy rather than wait his turn for her mouth. To her relief, she felt him climb onto the bed and his fingers sliding into her pussy.

"She's so wet!" he exclaimed, his fingers squishing into her. Jacob's dick was in her mouth and she tasted herself on him, slightly salty. Unlike his brother, he seemed to favor speed over deep throating, and he was thrusting in and our of her mouth like a jackhammer. All Marigold had to do was hold her head still and her mouth open for him. Robert meanwhile was swirling the head of his cock around the entrance of her pussy, and she actually found herself eager for him to stick it in. Well, at least she was getting something out of this. 

"I bet this little bitch wants it up the ass," said Robert. Marigold's heart skipped a beat. She'd never done anal before, and she didn't want to. Unfortunately in this situation, she didn't really see an alternative. Reluctantly, she wiggled her ass at Robert, inviting him to take it. She braced herself, knowing it was going to hurt. Robert ran his cock up and down her slit, lubing it up, and she was thankful she'd at least gotten herself wet. If the dry pussy fucking had been uncomfortable, the dry ass fucking would have been much worse. Jacob continued to pump in and out of her mouth while Bruin looked on and Robert leaned down and spat on her asshole. He worked a finger inside it, and Marigold tried not to pay attention, focusing instead on getting Jacob off. Maybe if she got him off quickly enough, Robert would take her mouth instead. 

It was too late, Robert's cock was already at her rear entrance, pressing slowly but firmly. She tried to relax herself, aware it would only hurt more if she tensed up. T he head of his cock slipped past her sphincter, and she winced at the pain, but didn't dare to make a sound. He was sliding the rest of it, inch by inch, and then his balls were pressed against her pussy, his cock lodged deep in her ass. She was thankful that Robert seemed to have a smaller cock than his brothers. He started to fuck her ass, groaning his pleasure.

"It's so goddamn tight!" he exclaimed, and the description seemed to put Jacob over the edge, for he was suddenly spurting into Marigold's mouth, grunting obscenities as he came. Again Marigold swallowed, trying not to gag. Robert was fucking her harder now, and although there was some pleasure in the strange, full feeling, it still hurt. Jacob joined his brother on the bed and they both watched Robert as he pumped in and out of her asshole. Gritting her teeth, Marigold slipped her hand back between her legs, working her clit again. Maybe she could distract herself from the painful part. 

"Look how much this bitch loves it," laughed Bruin. She closed her eyes and focused on the stimulation. Her ass wasn't feeling quite as tender now; in fact, with the added clitoral stimulation, it almost felt good. She kept stroking herself, while Robert kept fucking her. Her breathing grew heavier and she began to thrust her hips back at Robert, enjoying the feeling. She was getting close to cumming, something she'd never thought possible with a dick in her ass. Jacob and Bruin watched her, and despite her embarrassment over her actions, she continued. In a minute, she was on the verge. 

Robert was close too, she could tell, his thrusts were wilder, his balls slamming against her pussy every time he drove himself back into her ass. Her fingers worked tirelessly, and as she felt Robert grunt and his cock spurt inside her, she cried out and came, hard. She collapsed to the bed, her ass still in the air with his cock buried inside. 

"Whew," said Robert, withdrawing. "What a little slut." He gave her a playful spank on the ass, and climbed off the bed. Marigold fell to her side, exhausted and trembling from her orgasm. 

"Alright, let's get this bitch out of here," said Bruin, standing. Marigold was dragged to her feet and a bag placed over her head. 

"So you won't be finding your way back again," hissed one of them, and then she was being pulled through the cabin, stumbling...

*

Marigold sat upright in the middle bed. It was just a dream! She patted herself down. Yes, clothes still intact, cabin empty, and no feelings of violation in her bottom half. Her crazy imagination was active even while she slept! She sighed with relief and started to lie down again, when the cabin door opened and three men walked in...