 This get-together turned out to be a memorable one...

The New Years party we planned to attend this year was expected to be a pretty traditional affair. It definitely wasn't a swinger party where everyone would be running around naked and boinking each other in a wild fuck-fest.

It was being hosted by some friends with a large, sprawling ranch style home. Theirs was a custom designed house with only a few bedrooms but it was very entertainment oriented. The floor plan included a huge double island kitchen plus an indoor pool and hot tub area with massive, retractable glass walls and roof so it could transform to suit any season and be the focal point.

There was a big games and pool table room with a stylish, thoroughly stocked, long wooden bar all enhanced by a panoramic view of the city lights. For an event like this they'd surely have a bartender and a server or two. There would be a few other couples and singles that my husband and I had been involved with before, but mostly it would be straight hetero types that don't live the lifestyle and would be totally offended by any public displays of affection.

One couple we knew would be attending was Mark and Heather. It was rare for her to get a night away from the ER so she could let her hair down a little. My husband Jack and I had been thoroughly intimate with them a few times, and once in a while we'd borrow Mark, with Heather's permission, while she was diligently working.

Mark would visit us for some fun so I could give his cock a good working over. There's even a picture of it with his cum load in my mouth on our profile from a recent Lush Story.

Jack knows I need lots of variety and that I'm always up for a dare, so as we were preparing for the party he asked, "Katie, how many people are expected to be at the Miller's tonight?"

"I dunno, probably thirty or maybe forty."

"You planning on getting busy with anyone there?"

"No. It's not that kind of party. I mean, there'll be a few open-minded souls, but I don't want to start any trouble by being naughty with people we haven't hooked-up with previously."

"I dare ya." he said with a quick smile.

"Dare me to what?"

"Well, if the usual cast of characters is there, that means you've been with about half-a-dozen of the guys and a few of the girls. If there's fifteen or twenty men total, I dare you to thin out the herd down to a couple of new ones that you believe meet your standards."

Now, I love a good gang-bang as much as the next hot slut, but this just wasn't the right crowd. If I initiated anything along those lines at this event, it could cause all sorts of trouble. "No, Jack. There just isn't going to be any random fucking happening tonight." I told him.

"BJ's?" he asked curiously with his usual loving tone.

Hmm, Jack knows how much I love to show off my oral talents, and I could totally go for some fresh dick. "What are you thinking?" I asked.

"That, my darling hotwife, is totally up to you."

He went and made me a nice pre-party cocktail as I was dressing and primping, and I couldn't stop my mind from fantasizing about his suggestion. I'd love some new cock.

We snuggled on the sofa to finish up our adult beverages. My miniscule panties were soaking and when I accidentally bumped the front of Jack's pants a couple of times, he was sporting the beginnings of some good wood. We were clearly both aroused.

Soon our car arrived to transport us across town and up to the Miller's lovely home. It's a good thing the handsome driver wasn't tuned into my urgent sexual needs, or I probably would have dived over the seat and sucked him off as he drove.

Jack and I were kissing and teasing in the back seat, and I was wishing this would have been a much more open type of party. I'd love to be in my little black dress and highest stilettos this evening, and nothing else. But tonight we were dressed in business casual style. Boring, but it didn't matter. I was so fucking horny!

We were welcomed in by the hosts, Joe and Sophie, and quickly had a drink in hand along with a nice little appetizer plate provided by a hot looking young lady server. We made the rounds and said a sincere hello to my sister and her husband. We often found ourselves invited to similar events.

My sister and I used to have three-ways with her husband long ago, and he still remained on my fuck-buddy list when an opportunity arose. I discretely gave him a crotch squeeze and a wink as we filtered through the crowd. Maybe I'd catch up with him later.

Mark and Heather were there and I moved in tight and gave them each a firm kiss on the lips. If tonight was open BJ night for me, I had already located two potential candidates.

Very soon I had scoped out the pool table and noticed several buff young men showing off their eight ball skills. They were quick to introduce themselves and eagerly invited me to join in. I appreciated their immediate ogling. On about my third shot attempt I accidentally bumped the butt end of my pool cue right into the front of one guy's pants.

His name was Brian and I could see by the tight fit of his tailored short-sleeved shirt that he was one ripped, hot hunk.

"I'm so sorry!" I said as I stepped right up to him and pressed a big, firm boob against his arm. "Are you okay?" I asked as the other guys snickered at his apparent misfortune.

"Yeah...yes." He stammered as he flexed his hips around to indicate no damage. I quite liked the prominent bulge in his form-fitting designer jeans.

I looked him directly in the eyes and said, "Sorry, I kind of blew that shot. I guess I need a little more practice at handling the stick. Anyway, I gotta pee."

As I turned to walk away, I noticed the other guys had mostly refocused on the table and their pool game was resuming. I caught a couple of them continuing to eyeball my tight butt and big tits. I turned again, subtly leaned back very close to Brian and whispered, "I could kiss that better for you."

Maybe he was a poker player, but he didn't react or show any kind of facial expression, so I simply strutted past him and headed for a bathroom. I did look over my shoulder once.

I was standing at the bathroom sink, lightly washing my hands when I heard a knock on the door. "Come on in. It's open."

I watched the lever on the door move, and it slowly opened a foot or so until Brian's face poked in just far enough for him to peer inside.

"Come in and lock the door behind you." I instructed.

He pushed the door open but took a precautionary look around to see if anyone was watching before he entered. Satisfied with his discretion, he quickly closed and locked the door.

"Hi." he said with a nervous grin, then pointed out, "Uh... that's a wedding ring. I don't want any trouble."

"Not to worry," I said with a giggle, "My husband put me on dare duty tonight."

"I guess I don't know what that means." he replied, looking puzzled.

I stepped toward him, got in close and ran my hands over his broad shoulders, then squeezed his thick neck muscles. "I get this craving," I explained, "and my very open-minded husband understands it. So I really want to give you something memorable before we bring in the new year, if that's okay with you."

"Absolutely. That sounds wonderful."

"Good." I said as I leaned in to give him a quick kiss, then whispered in his ear, "I was hoping you might enjoy a blow job."

His hands shot onto my double-D breasts and he gave them some thorough squeezes as I reached down to undo his pants and push his boxers out of the way. I stroked his rapidly engorging dick with one hand and massaged his ample ball sack with the other.

"Nice." I complimented after a quick glance down. "Would you mind if I sucked it for you?"

He just nodded with that look of shocked happiness I'd seen lots of times before. I slid down his firmly muscled body until I was on my knees and the bobbing, purple head of his thick erection was right at eye level.

I love seeing a new cock. They truly are like snowflakes, and no two are the same. I gave him a few two-handed strokes, then ran my thumb along that big vein at the bottom to squeeze out some slippery pre-cum.

I hungrily licked it up like a puppy taking a drink of water, then smiled up at him. He was staring at me, serious-faced, trying to process his sudden good fortune.

"Just relax and let Katie take care of you." I assured quietly. Then I gave the head of his dick a luscious lick, moistened my lips and slid his lovely manhood deep into my mouth.

He shuddered and I could hear him pull in a long, deep breath. His cock was hard and throbbing against my tongue and lips. It thrilled me. I absolutely love having a new cock in my mouth and I moved my head in and out rapidly, giving him the beginnings of an intense blow job.

I smiled up at him, and he was more relaxed now, enjoying my attention. "You like that?" I asked.

"Oh yeah. I think you do, too."

Then the inevitable occurred, and I orgasmed in my panties. I had to pause and shiver and shake for a few moments until I recovered.

"I love it." I replied with a sincere smile, then took him back into my mouth. I put my hands on his outer thighs and pulled him toward me. I took his entire hard dick down my throat and just held it there with my lips stretched around the base of his shaft and his balls against my chin.

I showed off my special talent as I tightened and released my throat muscles to massage his cock head. Guys really seem to like that.

He groaned and mumbled, "Holy fuck, that feels good."

I pulled my head back to catch a breath and give his wet shaft a few long strokes with my hands. I pushed his dick upward and leaned in so I could suck each of his big balls. He moaned and groaned some more.

I gave him another bit of delightful, half-length BJ action. He had a nice, tasty cock indeed. Then I paused and looked him in the eye, "Brian, now I'm gonna fuck you with my throat. Don't hold back. When you're ready, I want all of your cum in my mouth."

I took him fully down my throat, and used it like a velvet pussy to fuck his dick as it stroked through my lips, over my tongue and right through the back of my mouth. I had to pause to take a breath few times, but gave his hard cock several minutes of passionate, forceful throat fucking.

He was moaning and pumping his hips. We had a nice rhythm going and I let him do most of the work as he enthusiastically fucked my mouth. Soon I tasted more of his pre-cum, and I could feel his hardness intensify as his orgasm approached.

"Fuck, I gotta come!" he exclaimed.

I clamped my lips just past the head of his cock, stroked the hard shaft with one hand and squeezed his nuts with the other. All his muscles tensed up, and his balls became impossibly tight. He grunted, "Holy fuck!"

I could feel the spasms of his diamond hard cock as jets of hot semen blasted into the back of my throat. I fucking love making a guy come for me, and I orgasmed at the same time. It felt so good!

"Holy shit!" he cried as the surging of his hot cum subsided. "That was fucking great!"

I totally agreed, but I wasn't about to release him until he'd begun to soften in my mouth. I held him there, awash in his own tasty juice, while I flicked my tongue all over his cock head and swished around my rewarding mouthful of cum.

It must have been tickling him. Some guys are pretty sensitive after they orgasm. He pulled back so his dick popped out from my lips. He was vibrating and had a huge grin on his face. I still had all of his fresh load in my mouth.

I opened wide to show off the gift he'd given me, then sealed my lips and smiled. I savored his juice a few seconds more, then swallowed it in one happy gulp. Every time I swallow a guy's cum load I orgasm, so I just sat back and shuddered as I slowly slumped my bum down onto my heels. Aah... bliss.

He started to step back, planning to pull up his pants, but I requested, "No, not yet. Come here."

I love to get in one long, last suck. There are always a few drops of precious cum left, and I don't like to waste it. He groaned as I took him into my mouth for a deep, hard suck until I got my wish for those tasty droplets. Then I released him.

"Wow, Katie." He commented politely, "That was the best blow job ever."

"Thank you!" I replied, honestly delighted by his compliment. "It's my pleasure."

"It's sort of a naughty feeling... you know... having another man's wife doing that for me. Especially when I know he's right out there someplace. It's kind of ... kinky."

"My husband likes me to be happy, and he knows how much I love sucking cocks. I'm glad you enjoyed it."

"Oh yeah, you're amazing Katie. Thank you."

"Well, I suppose we should get back to the party before we're missed."

"You're right." he said as he pulled up his pants to hide away his recently satisfied manhood, "Thanks to you I'll be smiling all night and my buddies will be wondering what I've been up to."

I took a quick peek outside the bathroom door to make sure we had the all-clear, then re-entered the main room. Brian followed not too far behind. The party was definitely ramping up so it seemed no-one was the wiser for our absence.

I stopped him and discretely grasped his hand into mine, then with my most sultry tone stated, "I hope you enjoyed that as much as I did. You have a very nice cock. I noticed there are a lot of good looking men here at this party. So... don't tell anyone."

He nodded, then smiled understandingly when he noticed my simultaneous coy wink and lip lick. The night was young.