 They say that you make your own luck in life...well the story I'm about to tell you suggests that I must have been making luck as a full time job!!

It all started about 2 years ago when Trisha and I were graduating from college. We had known each other as friends for about 3 years prior and used to hang out together. Although I had always fancied her, I always had the impression that it was a one way thing, so I had never tried to take it any further. She was a gorgeous girl , 18 years old, with a pretty smiley face, shoulder length wavy brown hair, about 5ft5" tall and a slender young body. We were studying politics and sociology together so we would spend quite a lot of time in the libraries or at each others homes working on various homeworks and projects. I would never dare complain, but quite often Trisha would turn up for some of our work sessions in rather scantily dressed clothes. You know what I mean...tight tops that would show her firm small tits with a bare cleavage and her naked belly and either tight blue sneaker jeans or leggings that both showed off a lovely firm bottom. When your study partner is dressed like this, it is so difficult to concentrate on the matters at hand and not at the sight that would present itself when she leaned over. I would sneak views of her cleavage and envisage what her breasts would look like and smell her scent as she would get close to me to point at something in my work. How I resisted the temptation to make a grab during this time is one of life's miracles.

Anyway, I digress, through this lusting, Trisha and I still remained good platonic friends and enjoyed each others company even to the extent of going to the movies, shows etc. on what were dates but with no ties. During this time we also would go out on dates with other people and this used to make me so jealous as I would have hated it if she had got really serious with any guy. Fortunately for me this didn't happen, but it did surprise me as she was so pretty and there was always plenty of interest. This brings me to a certain day in April with our exams a few months away, but plenty of revision and study still to the fore.

We were studying round Trish's house one evening, when her mother Jenna came over and asked if I could her a favour. Now Jenna is a lovely lady, late 30's, taller and a fuller figure to Trish, but similar in looks and hair style. She had been a widow for 2 years and had always been really helpful with regards Trish and I spending time in her house studying. She would often supply me with snacks or sometimes a meal if I couldn't make it home for meal times or I stayed late. I would also enjoy repaying her kindness by doing odd jobs around the house and helping with the shopping and that sort of thing. So it wasn't unusual for her to ask me to do her a favour.

"What can I help you with Jenna." I asked .... "Well Angus, we are having trouble with our satellite and I was wondering if you could have a look at it for us, for as you know I like to watch Wrestling and golf on the satellite and the Masters Golf is on tomorrow afternoon." Jenna answered with an air of desperation. "I called the engineer, but he can't get here until the day after." she continued. "That's okay Jenna...let me have a look at the receiver now." So without any hesitation I made my way over to the receiver and television and tried a few adjustments and some tinkering without any success. "I think I need to look at the dish outside, but I'll have to do it tomorrow as its too dark to do anything now...I promise I'll be back in the morning first thing before I go to school..okay.." I reassured her. "Thats great Angus, we will be really grateful if you can try and fix it in the morning." added Jenna. "I can give you both a lift to school when you get finished, if that helps."

"Great...hopefully its only a loose wire." With that we decided to call it a night with our studies and I went off home.

Not knowing what the problem was exactly, I arrived about 7.30 am next day at the house to be greeted by Jenna in her pink bathroom robe. Although her hair was a bit tousled, she looked remarkably nice I thought to myself. I had ocassionally seen her in her robe before she would go to bed, and leave the two of us to study if we were late. But she seemed to be different in the light of the day answering the door a little unprepared. "We were not expecting you so early Angus... but you know where the key to garage is, and the ladder is in there...I can make you a drink and some toast or something if you like." Jenna offered as I made my way towards the garage. "Teas fine." I replied as I opened the garage.

So I grabbed the long ladder and laid it against the back of the house and climbed up to where the dish was. Now as I neared the dish it was impossible not to see into one of the back rooms which had the curtains open and the light on. I was just about to move up towards the dish when lo and behold Trish entered the room, presumably from the bathroom dressed in her satin gown that I had often seen hanging on the back of her door but had never seen on her before. I couldn't help but just stare even though I thought she must be able to see me. However when she removed the gown and stood there staring at herself in the mirror with just her short nightie on, I assumed she couldn't. 

Now I suppose the gentlemanly thing to do would be to avert my eyes and get on with the job I was here to do....but I'm no fool....why deprive myself...I had waited a long time to view Trish's body and here was an opportunity...

Just seeing her standing there in her short nightie was almost enough to make me stumble of the ladder. But that would have resulted in me missing what was about to happen , so I gripped hard on the sides of the ladder and fixed my eyes on the window.

I had revelled in the sight of Trish's legs before but to help you appreciate them...they are slim, smooth, small feet, neat ankles and boney knees that give them an athletic look. As Trish was not the tallest of girls, the slimness exaggerated the length of them and also the shortness of the nightgown. Oh boy..I could feel a stiffness in my groin rising within my tight blue jeans as Trish just grabbed the bottom of the gown and whipped it over her head. She had her back to me which presented me with a vision of nakedness that showed a lovely firm body, highlighted by her bottom which stood out from her slim legs and bare back. Her butt had a nice roundness to it and what seemed two perfect cheeks. Before I could take in any more of this vision, she had put on some black panties and started to turn around and face the window and obviously me at the same time.

Either she was pretending not to see me or the light was such that my presence was not visible to her. She bent down and picked up her matching black bra off the bed and started to slip it into place. However before she could do this , I had been presented with the sight that I had been waiting for years to see. I gripped the ladder hard as I glimpsed the boobs that I had tried to ogle for so long. My cock was straining against the step of the ladder as I took in delights ahead of me. Trish's small and white firm tits were crowned by two small light pink nipples which were in contrast to her tanned skin and brown hair. The wait had been well worth it but from my point of view it was too short-lived as she now stood there in her matching black underwear. Even so this was still a stunning sight and as I watched her pull on her black skirt, I knew the show was over and I must get on with the job in hand. I started to climb up the ladder towards the dish aware that my cock had had its best work out for a long time. 

My head was spinning as well...had she seen me?..was it a show she had planned?.Ah well who knows, anyway it had been a great turn on and had satisfied my curiosity about how her tiities looked under all those tight tops I had seen her in over the years.

Fortunately for me, the problem with the dish was just a loose wire which I easily re-connected and then made my way back down the ladder hoping to see Trish in her room. I was to be disappointed as there was no sign of her and so I just continued down and made my way into the house through the backdoor and into the kitchen. 

Jenna was there, still dressed in her gown and had made me some tea and toast. I thanked her and told her about the dishand with that took mty tea and toast into the lounge and made my way over to the TV and satellite receiver in the corner. I was more than pleased to see that the satellite was alright and sat back onto the sofa to admire my work. As I was drinking my tea and watching the TV., Jenna strode into the room showing me a considerable amount of bare leg as she walked . They looked devine and were considerably more muscular and longer than Trish's. She sat down on the armchair opposite and crossed her legs, showing me some thigh as well, which I just couldn't take my eyes off as we were chatting. She went on and on about how I had been a saviour and that she was really looking forward to watching the Masters that afternoon. She wondered how she could thank me...( well you could go out and leave me to bonk your daughter all morning instead of us going to school I thought to myself....) However as I was thinking about this, Jenna got up from her chair and came acrossand made a point of bending directly over me, exposing the cleavage of her breasts as she kissed me on the forehead and said thank you. So I said , like you do..."No problem, anytime I can help you...just let me know..."

"Well as it happens Angus perhaps there is something you could do for me...in my bedroom the bedside light isnt working, and I do like to read before going to sleep alone in that big bed of mine." Jenna said with feeling.

So off we trotted towards her bedroom...as we are climbing the stairs I can't help but wonder where Trish is????.... " It's this one." Jenna points out and sits on the bed as I start fiddling about with the wires and plug of the bedside lamp. I can't help but notice that as Jenna peers over at me and the lamp, her gown has opened enough for me to see a large area of her breasts. I can't quite see the nipples but she is certainly much bigger in size to her daughter. Trying to concentrate on fixing the lamp has become very difficult and as I glance over again, I swear I can see small clusters of pussy hair peeping through the gap in the gown as she sits and watches me. At least as I am bending over, I know that the growing bulge in my jeans is obscured from her gaze. "You seem a bit hot and bothered Angus...if your unable to get it working for me....dont worry...I can swop the other one over..." Jenna says out of blue.(I think to myself...I have no trouble with it working...it's what to do with it when I stand up in a minute....I know she is talking about the lamp, but I'm not!!! )

Unable to trace the fault, I have a dilemna as I need to move and hide myself as I leave the room and Jenna is in such a position as for me to be unable to get passed without touching or pushing her to one side. Taking the bull by the horns I stand up and try to squeeze past, but I only succeed in making Jenna fall onto the bed with her gown opening up to totally expose her naked body.

Temporarily stunned by what I had done and what I could see, I was frozen to the spot and could only stare at Jenna's naked body before me. She broke the ice by looking at me and saying "Oh Angus...you have a big bulge in your jeans...how did that happen...I think I know you naughty boy...you like what you see lying here on the bed don't you. You wanted me to fall on here didn't you...so you could have your wicked way with me." she scolded and laughingly said. "No ...no..it was an accident Jenna!! I'm really sorry." I said apologetically. "So you don't find me attractive then Angus?..what is this doing then?" as Jenna touched the outside of my bulge. "I think I can help get the swelling down if thats what you want?" Before I could answer her question Jenna had unzipped my flies and inserted her hand to help release my erection from it's prison. Despite my protests about Trish finding us and that it wasn't right, she decided that the object of her desire had to be examined in all his glory. She undid my belt and pulled off my jeans and removed my boxers within seconds. With the cock in her hands, I had passed the stage of worrying and decided to enjoy what she was doing and to explore the delights of her body too.

I had never had such a gorgeous pair of breasts in my hands before...they were about 36c and were round and firm and had the most delightful dark nipples and long buds to play with. However as she had now started to lick her way up and down my shaft with her tongue and was causing such pleasures that I had never experienced before, I just stood there and let it happen. As she started to suck on the end of my cock I could hear the slurping sounds which alerted me to the noise we were making. I couldn't resist looking to one side to look at the doorway and hope that Trish was downstairs or at least out of hearing distance. But my worst fears were just about to be realised when I saw Trish standing in the doorway and she was just staring at us.!!!

I couldn't help myself and just called out.."TRISH.I'm really SORRY..it wasn't planned..it just happened." Instead of her reacting the way I expected, Trish quite calmly said " Ah but Angus it was planned..mum and I decided last night after you went home that we were going to seduce you this morning....did you enjoy the show you saw in my room earlier." I was totally stunned!!!! .....when I had recovered some of my senses, all I could stammer was " OH MY GOD!!!" 

"Well mother how does Angus shape up..you won the right to start of..but its time to share now." Trish stated to her mother. As Trish approached the two of us, Jenna let go of my cock and then pushed me onto the bed. As I lay flat out on the bed, Jenna has removed her robe and is totally naked as she lies on my right side and starts to kiss me on the lips with real passion. I can feel her boobs pushing against me and I respond by lowering my arms and run my hand down her stomach and onto the hairs around her pussy, before finding her slit and rubbing my fingers up and down what is by now a very wet opening. Wondering what has happened to Trish is immediately answered by the touch of fingers running up my leg over my thighs and onto my rigid member which feels like its going to burst, as it is so excited. Her nimble fingers are so nice as they explore the total length and then begin to slide up and down. My own fingers have now entered Jenna's pussy and as I ease two of them as far as they will go she lets out a loud moan and I take this as a indication that she wants me to speed up and masturbate her to orgasm. 

Meanwhile Trish has been unable to resist the temptation to put my erection in her mouth and I can hardly contain myself as she sucks hard on it. I know that with her tongue working on the tip and the knowledge in my head that here was my object of lusting for years and her MOTHER seducing me, that my orgasm was going to rip through my body and explode with a power that I will never have been close to experiencing before. As the build up reaches the point of no return I frig Jenna with renewed vigour and bring her to a noisy orgasm just as I pump my, what seems endless amounts of, white creamy cum, down Trish's throat. I am unable to know if Trish has managed to swallow it all as Jenna moves away and goes to join Trish and obscures my view of Trish. Having emptied my load, I can once again feel a mouth close over my cock. It is moving up and down at quite a tempo as if this might be a way of making sure the dick doesn't go limp on them. But as it softens slightly I can once again admire my two bed companions.

Jenna has her naked back to me and is leaning over licking my smaller dick and is presenting me with a lovely rear that rises and falls with her motion. Before I have a chance to run my hands over her butt, Trish has now made her way up to my top half and takes delight in offering herself to me to remove her clothes. I lift myself up and look at Trish with a big smile and start to undo the buttons on her blouse. "You have waited a long time to do this ..haven't you Angus?..to take my clothes off...I've seen the way you looked at me sometimes, undressing me with your eyes...well you can do it for real now.!!" Trish mocks. Having seen the the clothes going on earlier seems to have made this even more pleasurable, apart from the obvious fact that her mother is working on my cock and her daughter is offering herself on a plate too.!!! The blouse undone and discarded, I then unzip the skirt, which she wriggles out of and kneels in front of me with just the matching pants and bra. "You can't wait to get this bra off can you Angus?..You have thought and dreamt about this moment for years haven't you?" she continues tease. "You would not believe how many times Trish....." I answer with authority.

I don't know whether it is this or the fact that Jenna has been sucking away, but I know my cock has started to harden again and Jenna quickly takes advantage of this and sits on my lap and buries him deep into her pussy. This creates a wonderful feeling which is heightened again by undoing Trish's bra and releasing those lovely small tits to view. I pull her closer to me and put my lips straight onto the her left nipple and start to tease her already erect bud around my tongue and lips. My hands quickly follow and start to squeeze her boobs pushing her nipple further into my mouth. As I suck hard, Jenna has built up quite a steady rhythm as she rides me . This must be as close to heaven as I can imagine, the delights of Trish's boobs and the feel of a warm moist pussy around my pride and joy. MMM ...and not just any pussy, but Trish's mothers...!!!

Jenna must be enjoying herself, by the sounds she is making and she seems to be coming time after time on my 8" prick. Trish has joined in the moaning as I continue to play with her tits, and slide one hand down to her sparsely haired pussy area. She is so wet down there that my forefinger just eases in with very little pressure. I rub around the inner lips, before locating her clitty which has hardened and it is easy to stimulate with my finger. Jenna seems to have finished her ride and as she slides off, she makes her way up to us and starts kissing my chest and running her fingers over and over my nipples. Trish now aware that there is a free cock to be had, decides to move into a 69 position with me so that I can enjoy eating out her now sopping snatch, and she can renew her acquaintance with my erection. After all that attention I know he wont be long before he is ready to blow again..!! Jenna offers my hands the chance to explore her buttocks which are nicely positioned just to the side of me. As I stroke her cheeks and continue sucking Trish's clit, I manage to locate her anus which is quite moist, probably form the juices that have run down from her pussy. My finger has no trouble entering her hole and if I thought Jenna was noisy before...then that was nothing...Encouraged by this I push another finger in and start to build up a steady in and out motion. This begins to prove too much for me and I yell to Trish that I'm ready to cum again.Trish quickly stops her mouth action and gets up and off the bed so as I can explode over her breasts....I groan and seem to ejaculate even more cum than the first time all over Trish and mostly on her boobs, although some white blobs have made it onto her face. As Trish stands there with semen running down her front... I move towards her and start to lick off the globules of white fluid and then finish of by rubbing the rest into her breasts and over her very erect nipples. Meanwhile Jenna is licking my cock clean and running her tongue all over my shaft. Who invented the word ecstacy certainly must have had this in mind!!!
