 After our first encounter together, I had to wait until the weekend to enjoy the girls again. I got to enjoy Ashley during the week, and we became quite close, but the thought of having all three together again is what really turned me on. The girls had promised me a weekend that I would never forget, they had a surprise for me. After what had happened our first time together, I could not imagine what the surprise would be.

When Saturday finally arrived, everything was normal, except for the tinge of excitement that everyone was feeling. While we were enjoying breakfast, I could see the hardened nipples of all three girls pressing against the T-shirts they all wore for sleeping. I knew that something was definitely in store, and I felt my cock twitch with the anticipation of the unknown.

After breakfast was done, Ashley started doing the dishes. I crept up behind her, put my arms around her and cupped her tits in my hands. I kissed her neck and felt her nipples pressing into the palm of my hand. I pushed my growing bulge against her ass, and she began rubbing up and down against me. Suddenly she took the sprayer and sprayed me with freezing cold water, “ You need to cool down, it’s not time yet!”, she laughed at me.

I reached around her and grabbed her hand with the sprayer, turned it toward her and sprayed, soaking her completely. The fight was on. For the next twenty minutes, the entire house was turned into a battle zone. Everyone was wet and laughing, the house was soaked, as was everyone in it. As we were standing there looking at each other laughing, I noticed that I was enjoying a very erotic sight. All three girls were giving me my own personal wet T-shirt contest. 

The outlines of their tits were clearly visible, as were the nipples protruding from the now wet, skin-hugging shirts. My sweatpants looked like a tent from the hard-on I was sporting. Dana came over to me, pulled my pants down enough to free my engorged organ, and took me into her mouth. She bobbed up and down twice, then pulled my pants back up and said, “ We need to put this away and save it for later.” Then all three girls ran from the room, giggling, to shower and change. I was left standing there with a throbbing cock and no place to put it.

A little while later, I heard Ashley call to me from the bathroom, she wanted me to wash her back. I walked into the bathroom, she was standing in the shower facing me. She was a gorgeous sight. Her hair was covered with shampoo, and the suds were streaming down her shoulders, over and between her tits, down to the bare mound of her pussy. Her wet, soapy skin was shiny and glowing. She turned away and handed me the soap to wash her back. 

As I lathered her back, I watched the soap cascade down and disappear between her ass cheeks and flow down her legs. I moved the soap slowly across her back, enjoying the feel of her smooth skin. I worked my way down to her ass and ran the bar of soap between her ass cheeks, using my finger to ensure that her asshole was completely clean. I pressed my finger against her asshole, and watched my finger start to disappear inside it. I pulled it back out and continued my trek down her body, soaping the inside of her thighs, allowing my thumb to lightly scrape her pussy. Ashley leaned forward, placing her hands on the wall, allowing me better access to her pussy. 

Although I was still wearing my sweatpants, I climbed into the shower with her, pulled my pants down and began rubbing my hardness between her legs. I reached around her and began to soap her tits, my hands sliding across her soapy skin to her belly and finally to her pussy. She moaned as I teased her clit with the bar of soap and began moving my cock up and down between her ass cheeks. The soapy slickness of her ass, and the teasing I had received earlier was too much for me. I came quickly, watching my cum spurt from my dick and land in thick gobs on her back, only to be washed away quickly by the water. As she felt my spurts land on her back, she too came, the soap still teasing her clit had driven her over the edge as well. I washed her back again, and then left the bathroom, knowing that if I didn’t leave then, we would both end up looking like prunes.

After I took my shower, Dana asked me to go to the liquor store. She wanted the girls to have some wine coolers and she wanted me to get some beer for myself. I was driving to the store and found myself thinking about the past few days. I realized that I was a very lucky guy. I have three women in my life, and all three are more than eager to please. I couldn’t help but wonder what they had in store for today. It was a nice start with Ashley in the shower, but that was nothing special, they had said I would have a weekend I would never forget. We were living in a small town with no store that sold alcohol, so I had plenty of time to wonder about what they were planning. By the time I got home, I had myself in a very aroused state at the possibilities of what was to come.

I pulled into the driveway and realized why I had been sent to the store. The girls had decided to have a party. Several people were talking in the yard and the barbecue grill was going. I walked into the house and saw that there were a lot of people here. The house was full with many of the neighbors, and a few people that I didn’t know. I was quite disappointed. The ideas that had been forming in my head were gone. I didn’t see any possibility of sex with the girls for quite a while.

The party was a lot of fun. I got to talk with some of the neighbors and everyone was getting drunk. I am not much of a drinker, so I got to watch as people started loosening up, and became more flirtatious with each other. As it was a hot day, most of the women were wearing bikini tops or tank tops. It seemed to me as if very few of them were wearing bras. As the alcohol began to take effect, the nipples started pushing against the tops, showing me exactly how many women wore bras. 

I am a man that loves tits and hard nipples, so I was becoming quite horny at the visions before me. Fortunately for me, I had worn a pair of pleated shorts, so my aroused state was hidden because of the room for growth, although I did have to adjust myself several times.

As the day wore on into evening, I noticed the crowd getting smaller. I had not noticed anyone leaving, but there were people missing. I decided to go into the house to see if people had moved indoors. Once inside, Michelle came up to me. “ Where is everyone?” I asked.

Without a word, Michelle took my hand and led me to her Mom’s bedroom. The sight before me was amazing! Everyone in the room was naked and in some sort of sexual position. I was witnessing my first orgy!

Michelle began to strip, seductively removing everything she was wearing. Then she dropped to her knees in front of me and pulled down my zipper, releasing the monster that had formed in my pants. I had never been so turned on. Michelle swallowed my 7 inches in one gulp, burying me in her throat. She pulled my ass with her hands, trying to get me deeper inside her. Michelle did not move from this position, but I could feel the muscles in her mouth and throat contracting around my shaft, massaging it, kneading it. Damn! I had never felt that kind of sensation! I had never had someone suck me like that before! It felt awesome! After several minutes, Michelle worked her mouth slowly up the length of my shaft, providing a suction that felt like she could pull my wad from my nuts without me even coming. When she got to the top, she buried me completely again, her tongue coming out to lick at my balls. She continued moving slowly up my shaft and then suddenly engorging herself again until I was about ready to shoot my load. She must have sensed it because she stopped. My cock was throbbing, wanting the release of my sperm into her throat, but she did not allow it.

Instead, she pulled me by my cock into the middle of the room, onto the bed. There I saw Ashley with her face buried between the legs of a gorgeous redhead. She looked up at me, the juices of this unknown woman dripping from her chin, she pulled me to her and gave me a very wet pussy flavored kiss. I joined her licking this redheads pussy, enjoying the taste and scent as we let our tongues flirt with each other on her clit. Shortly, the woman clamped her thighs together, locking our heads in place as she cried out and sprayed us with her cum. I had never seen a woman shoot like that, she shot her juices all over our faces. I began to sense someone playing with my balls as I continued kissing Ashley, removing all of the pussy juice from her face.

Ashley pulled herself in front of me, as the redhead moved away, and spread her pussy in front of me. I did not have time to see who was playing with my nuts, but it sure felt good. Ashley clamped my head in place with her thighs as I licked her bare pussy, burying my tongue deeply inside her. I was licking and sucking her pussy for all I was worth, trying to bring her to orgasm. I licked the length of her lips, tasting her juices. Up and down the slit, occasionally teasing her clit, causing her to buck her hips. Just as Ashley pushed my head to where she wanted it on her pussy, I felt a warmth surround my cock and felt as this velvet mouth moved up and down my shaft. I tried to keep time with the cocksucker while licking and sucking Ashley’s clit, but Ashley was suddenly in the throes of orgasm, thrashing about, pinching her nipples and bucking her hips, grinding her clit against my teeth. I was on the edge of coming myself, but the mouth stopped, I was once again left throbbing and unsatisfied.

Next, someone turned me over, and another bald pussy was squatting over my face, but it was not Ashley, the scent was much different. This woman used perfume and her pussy smelled musky and flowery both. She began by rubbing her pussy on my nose, burying it between her folds. Then she shifted down just a bit and allowed my tongue to penetrate her lips. 

She stared grinding herself into my face and I watched a very close up view of her spreading her lips and rubbing her clit as I snaked my tongue in, out, and around her pussy. I also watched as another pair of hands began to massage her tits, pinching her nipples. She had me trapped between her legs, straddling and grinding her pussy onto my face, as the hands I saw were joined by a huge black cock being pushed between her lips. She could not take all of him in, but I enjoyed watching her try. When she realized she had all of him that she could take, she began to move her lips up and down his shaft, sucking in time with the grinding she was doing to my face. I also began to sense someone lowering themselves onto my shaft. The legs straddling my hips, and the heat from the hole I was about to enter. I could also see the legs of the black man straddling my head as he began to fuck her mouth, more and more of him disappearing inside her mouth with every thrust, until he was completely buried inside her mouth. She grabbed his ass, holding him in place and began to buck violently against my mouth. Her juices flowed steadily into my mouth as he began to fuck her mouth again. 

As he increased his tempo, I realized he was about to come. So was I, as the person riding me started riding me wildly, at a pace I could never match. The black man came first, pulling out of her mouth and shooting his white goo all over her tits. He shot so much that it began dripping from her tits, running down her body toward where my mouth was. I came into the person that was riding me, shooting load after load into them. I continued watching the cum moving toward me down the stomach of this woman riding my face, I could not get away. I watched it disappear from view in between her legs and into my mouth. At the same time I felt a warm wetness strike my chest. The woman above me started pushing the cum from her body down toward her pussy and then rubbing it into her clit. I could taste the saltiness of the man, and it did not taste as bad as I thought. In fact, it was rather good. I felt hands on my chest, rubbing the wetness, now becoming sticky into my skin. The woman rose from my face, and I looked down to see Tommy, the next door neighbor, with my cock buried in his ass and his cock dripping cum onto my belly as he rubbed his load into my chest with one hand and stroked his cock with the other.

The shock of knowing I had just fucked a man, and tasted the cum of another man did not have time to sink in as Ashley once again appeared above me, kissing me on the lips. “ Just enjoy whatever happens and don’t worry about it!” Ashley whispered, “ We are all here to enjoy each other with no limitations.” Then, Dana appeared beside her daughter, kissed her and said, “ Let me take over for a while.”

Dana moved up on all fours and placed her pussy above me, her knees holding my head in place, she began to lower her pussy to my face. Then, I felt another pair of legs straddle my chest and I saw another huge cock inches above me as it buried itself to the hilt in her pussy, his balls rubbing against my chin. I had never seen a dick this close to my face before, but I found myself extremely excited as I watched the dick move in and out of her pussy, her wetness evident on the shaft. I felt hands on my own cock and I began to harden once again. Watching her pussy invaded two inches in front of my face was irresistible. I reached up and pulled her even closer to me and swiped at her clit with my tongue. The shaft of this manly cock was rubbing against my chin with each thrust inside her, and I could feel it stretching her as my tongue concentrated on her clit, licking circles around it and sucking it between my teeth.

Meanwhile, I felt someone placing themselves between my legs, fondling my balls, and rubbing a finger between my ass cheeks. Then a tongue as it took a swipe across my asshole and another along my shaft. I could not tell how many people were involved in our group, but it sure was turning me on. I continued licking Dana’s pussy as the cock was slamming in and out of her. Once in a while I would accidentally lick the cock, as his thrusts would push her forward. 

The rubbery hardness felt good against my tongue. I felt a finger probing my asshole, a mouth around my cock, and hands fondling my nuts, as Dana started writhing about, forcing the cock deeper into her and my tongue harder onto her clit. Dana’s movement pulled the cock from her pussy and it flopped against my lips. For some reason, I raised my head a little, opened my mouth, and took the cock between my lips. I had never sucked a dick before, and as I felt it slide between my lips and over my tongue, I began to wonder why. The cock began to move quickly between my lips, thrusting into my throat, the owner starting to get very close to orgasm. 

I began to regret my decision to suck this cock as I felt the first spasm of cum building. Sucking a dick was one thing, but swallowing cum was quite another. After all, a dick is nothing more than an enlarged clit, a mound of skin that hardens when aroused. But, what comes out of it is not nearly the same. Then, I felt the first shot hit the back of my mouth, then more and more as the cock shot it’s load into my mouth. I could not help but swallow it all, because Dana still held my head in place with her knees, which were still locked in the throes of her own orgasm. 

I should not have been worried about swallowing some cum. The first taste I got of it, the feeling of it sliding down my throat was unbelievable. The realization that I had made a man come in my mouth sent me to my own orgasm again. I had never been so excited. As I began to cum, a mouth surrounded my cock, and sucked on me until I was completely dry, and I did the same to the cock in my mouth. I could not get enough of the manly taste or feel in my mouth.

Dana disappeared from above me, as did the cock, which belonged to a man unknown to me. I looked between my legs to see Michelle, with my cock still between her lips, and my cum on the corners of her mouth.

I needed a break. I started leaving the room to go get something to drink and to think about what I had just become. I had just sucked my first man, and I had enjoyed it. I still loved to fuck a woman, so what did this mean? As I walked through the house, I saw people engaged in activity everywhere. Women were with women, or with a man and a woman, women were riding their man, or men were pummeling their women, there was every type of combination you could imagine, except for men on men. Was I the only one that had participated? Was I a freak, or a faggot?

I went outside to get some air. Nobody was outside, so I sat in one of the lawn chairs and started thinking about what had happened. I didn’t realize how worn out I was and I fell asleep. When I woke up, it was morning. Michelle had apparently found me, because she was curled up with me on the lawn chair. Her head was on my chest and her hand was on my morning hard-on. I began to contemplate what had happened the night before and realized that I didn’t care. I had thoroughly enjoyed everything that happened and I was not ashamed of it.

I got up, without waking Michelle. Then, I leaned down, picked her up and carried her into her room. After I laid her on her bed, I walked through the house. Most of the people from the party were still there, sleeping, curled up with someone. As I walked back into Dana’s room, I found the scene quite different. Everyone was awake and still engaged in some sort of sex. I was still sporting my morning hard-on, so I surveyed the scene to find where I could join in. In the middle of the scene, I saw a threesome going on. A woman was between the legs of another woman and she was straddling the face of a man. I decided this was where I wanted to be.

I moved between the legs of the man and began to lick his asshole. My tongue plunged inside him, in and out, reaming him. He had no idea who was there, he was in the same situation I was in last night, with a woman trapping me between her thighs. I moved up and licked his balls and worked my way up to his rigid cock. I hesitated for a moment, wondering if I really should. I began moving my hand up and down his length. He was only about 6 inches, but he still looked inviting to me. I lowered my mouth to the head of his dick and licked the eye staring at me. I teased the head of his dick with my tongue and then without warning shoved my mouth down on him and devoured him entirely. He did not touch my throat, his dick was too short, but it still felt good in my mouth as I began to suck him. I raised my head, nearly removing him from my mouth and then forced his length into my mouth again. This time, I moved slowly up his length, teasing the underside of his cock with my tongue. I stopped as the head of his dick hit my teeth and began to lick his crown. I ran my tongue around the sensitive ring around the crown, providing suction, trying to suck his sperm from his balls. 

I felt some hands on my hips. Someone was moving in behind me. I continued to suck on the cock in my mouth instead of looking, figuring the surprise would be better. I began increasing my tempo on the cock in my mouth as I began to feel the pressure of a cock on my asshole. I had Ashley’s dildo in my ass, so how bad could it be? As the pressure on my ass increased, I tried to relax to allow easy penetration. No matter how much I tried to relax, I felt as if I was being split in two. I tried to concentrate on the cock in my mouth, moving up and down the shaft, licking and sucking, trying to make him cum. The head of the cock at my back door still had not penetrated my sphincter. The pain was increasing, to the point of becoming unbearable. 

Then just as the first shot of spunk was emptied from the cock in my mouth, the bastard behind me shoved forward and embedded himself in my ass. I cried out in pain from around the cock spurting in my mouth, cum dripping from my lips. My ass was completely filled with cock, and it hurt like hell. Then a mouth came from nowhere and surrounded my cock. The dick in my ass began to piston in and out, forcing my cock in and out of the mouth. The pleasure and the pain at the same time was unreal. Then the pummeling of my ass began to feel good as well, the pain subsiding as it moved in and out stretching my ass with each thrust. I began to push back to meet the thrusts of my master, feeling his balls rock against my balls with each thrust. 
