 I had not really had a holiday this year except for a few days away with my husband Chas earlier in the year. So when my mum said did I fancy going with her and my aunty to Cephallonia, one of the Greek islands at the end of September for ten days I jumped at the chance especially when she said she would treat me to it. My mum is in her mid to late fifties and her sister in her late forties. My mum had me at a young age.

I asked Chas if he minded me going and looking after the boys while I was away. He replied he did not as he had just treated himself to a new DVD home cinema unit so to be fair this was her treat, and anyway perhaps I would have some good stories of me being fucked to tell him when I got back. I assured him I would have.

The day arrived and we set off for the airport. The plane took off on time, and after several hours of flying arrived at our destination. When we got off the plane the sky was blue and the sun hot. I'm going to enjoy this and have some fun, I thought to myself.

We got a taxi to the apartment, which was basic but adequate for our needs with a small seating area, somewhere to cook, shower and two bedrooms. We unpacked then went for a walk around the complex to familiarize ourselves with it, and I wanted to check out the talent, which seemed quite promising. The rest of the day was spent relaxing then a meal in the evening and an early night, as it had been a long day.

The next couple of days were spent on sight seeing trips around the island, so the third day we decided a day on the beach sunbathing was required. We made our way there and had a walk along the length of it, as it was a longish beach. At the far end we were surprised to find that this area was a nudist beach, there had been no signs to mention this. I said this looks a good spot, they agreed. We found a place by some rocks and all stripped off, me naked but my mum and aunty decided to keep their bikini bottoms on then spread ourselves out under the sun.

After a couple of hours my mum and aunty said they were going for a walk and look around the shops, did I want to come? I replied I would rather stay and soak up some more rays, so they got dressed and went.

I had been lying there about another one and a half hours when I noticed three young lads of about nineteen, twenty years of age looking over at me. They had obviously come across the nudist area and thought they would have a look to see if there were any naked women about. Other than me there were only about a dozen others on that part of the beach, most being older people and the only other women must off been in there sixties and over weight.

The young men walked over and sat down on their towels about ten yards from me and I could see them looking at my naked body and making comments to each other and laughing. I was enjoying their eyes feasting on my body so I decided to give them a show. I parted my legs more giving them a good view of inside of my shaven cunt then moved one hand down my stomach and onto my cunt then proceeded to rub and pinch my clit making my body arch and me moan, then inserting a couple of fingers into my moist hole and frig my self hard. My other hand was massaging my tits and pinching my nipples.

Through half closed eyes I could see they had moved closer and were rubbing the bulges in the front of their shorts. I turned to them and said to their amazement and shock wouldn't they like to come and take over. They grinned at each other and were there like a shot. Soon three pairs of hands were pleasuring my body, squeezing and pinching my tits, fingers delving into my cunt and rubbing my clit until with a shudder I cried out I was Cumming my body arching and shaking from the intensity of the climax.

I shouted at them to get their shorts off and give me a good fucking. I soon had my legs over the shoulders of one of the men as he pounded away at my cunt while the others shouted him encouragement, telling him to fuck the tart good. I was moaning and groaning and telling him to fuck me hard, ram his hard cock in me, cum in me. He shot his load deep into my cunt then pulled out. I pulled his cock to my mouth and sucked the last drops of cum from the bell end then licked the shaft and his balls clean. Christ, what a fucking slag she is, I heard one of them say.

Next I was pulled into doggy position and another cock was shoved up my cunt while the third man knelt in front of me and feed his cock between my lips. Both men then began to fuck me both ends in earnest, the ones cock going down my throat until his balls were slapping my chin. The one fucking my cunt pulled out and I felt his cock against my ass hole. "I'm going to give your tight ass hole a good fucking now you slut" he sneered, and with that began to push his cock into my tight ass hole. I groaned as the bell end pushed in followed by the rest of his length until fully in. He then pulled back out and thrust back in again speeding up until he was shagging my ass hard and furiously. The guy in my mouth watching this could not hold on any more and shot his warm salty cum into my mouth and over my face then rubbed his cock all over it spreading the cum every where.

The guy fucking my ass was telling me what a tight ass I had, and how good it was to fuck, and what a fucking whore I was, and pulling my head back by my hair, and mauling my dangling tits until he cum deep in to my bowls. I climaxed again as he came telling him to shot it up this sluts ass, fill it up.

After, the three guys put their shorts back on and they each gave me a long kiss while having a last grope of my tits, told me they had never had a fuck like that before and I was one hell of a slut. I laughed, and said, " glad they had enjoyed it, I know that I had" then they went on their way.

Just then my mum and aunty appeared from behind some other rocks grinning. Shocked, I asked, "how long have you been there," they replied they had come back about twenty minutes ago and had seen me with my legs over the shoulders. They had decided to not disturb me and to watch my performance, which had been by the way quite a performance. My mum added that she did not realize she had such a slut for a daughter and that wouldn't Chas mind if he found out. I told her I loved sex and that Chas did not mind one bit, and that he would want to hear about all I did on the holiday and had also participated in the fun and games in the past. They then said well that's good as they had really enjoyed watching me be fucked and had wanked themselves to a climax watching. And that while they did not want to participate them selves, they did not mind watching and we would have to create some more stories to tell Chas when I got home. I readily agreed. They also added that they had noticed some other older people watching and laughing amongst them selves. I laughed and said, I hope they didn't have bad hearts.

Over the next week we did quite a bit more sight seeing and I did a fair bit of fucking, my mum and aunty where around most of the time. I was fucked a few more times on the beach, at a local taverna where there was a good looking waiter who took us out the back and shagged me, several times in the apartment while my mum took photos with a Polaroid camera to give the men, some of the times they brought guys back to fuck me telling them I was her nympho slut daughter who would do anything. And once in the back of a taxi by the driver when we did not have enough money for the fare. He thought it a good deal having me stripped naked, giving my smooth cunt (I kept it shaved) a good licking then fucking me while the others watched. But the best time came on the evening before our last day there.

We had two days left of our holiday and that evening a trip had been arranged for a medieval type meal and wine outing at a large house about ten miles from our resort. When we arrived there must have been at least two dozen or more people there as well as us with about three quarters of them men and the rest women, and also three or four waiters. We were all seated around three tables one at the top and two down the sides like at a banquet.

As the evening went on and the wine flowed everybody was getting more and more rowdy especially the men. Soon some of the men started shouting for the women to dance for them. There were no takers for this until my mum shouted, (she was sat on another table with her sister) "come on Kathy, give us a dance, get up and entertain us all."

The chant was carried on by the rest, Kathy, Kathy, until I got up and moved in between the tables to a round of cheers including the women. Music played and I started to sway and gyrate to it, throwing my head back and running my hands over my body.

Some of the more rowdy men now started shouting, "come on Kathy, strip for us." I heard my mum and aunty shout, "yes, strip Kath and show us what you got, do your thing." Everybody was now shouting "strip, strip, strip. So as the music played I began to unzip my dress, then pulled it off my shoulders then down to my waist then letting it fall to the floor kicking it into the crowd. I was now in just my black bra and thong. Next I unclipped my bra strap and pulled it slowly down then off and threw it onto one of the tables. My tits bounced free. Finally, I hooked my fingers into the waistband of my thong and slowly pulled them down and off and threw them to the cheering men. I was now naked except for my black four-inch high heels. All eyes were transfixed on my naked body especially my smooth shaven cunt and jiggling tits. I rubbed my hands over my tits and between my legs as I danced there nude.

The crowd was going mad, shouting and whistling, so I climbed onto one of the side tables and danced close in front of them. Soon their hands were pawing my legs and squeezing the cheeks of my ass as I made my way along the table treading in food and spilling wine over the tables.

As I danced up to then on to the top table where all the rowdiest people were, several pairs of hands grabbed my legs and I was pulled down laughing onto my back among the food and spilt wine. Hands were trying to grab me from all directions wanting to explore my willing body, rubbing, pinching, and probing all parts of my naked body. Fingers found their way into my hot wet cunt and my tight ass hole, and my tits and nipples were being mauled and pinched mercilessly. My body writhed as I reached a climax, and I moaned and shouted out loud I was cumming as I did violently.

In my state of ecstasy I faintly heard a women's voice shout out to give the slut what she wants men, a good fucking, followed then by my mums voice shouting "come on men, who wants to fuck my daughter, she's a good shag and the slut will do anything." I could see my aunty laughing and beckoning the men up to the table.

One of the men climbed up onto the table and took off his shorts and climbed on top of me. I instinctively pulled my legs up and over his shoulders and felt a hard cock slide deep into my hairless cunt. I bucked and groaned as he drove his cock in and out until he soon climaxed and shot his cum over my stomach and tits.

Immediately, another cock found it's way up and was pumping away hard. I saw my mum come up behind him and grab his hips then lift them up and down helping him to fuck me deep. "Come on, fuck my slut daughter" she shouted, as she pushed down hard on his hips ramming his cock further into my cunt, and continuing until he groaned he was Cumming and his cum flowed deep into my juicy cunt. He pulled out and my mum told him to shove it in my mouth for me to lick clean. I sucked and slurped until every trace of cum was cleaned off.

I was then rolled over and pulled up into the doggy position and cocks were now feed into my mouth and cunt. Another man climbed up and positioned himself under me. "Let's triple fuck the whore," he said. The one in my cunt withdrew and I was pushed down until I was impaled on the underneath cock, then the one on top in one thrust inserted his up my ass to the hilt. I cried out, but once they were all in rhythm I was enjoying the sensation of all my holes full of cock. Still not satisfied, two more cocks were placed in my hands to jerk off. When all of them cum, I was covered in their jism, it was running out of all my holes and over my arms and back.

All three holes were soon filled again and it started over again. The crowd was going wild. Shouting to hurry up with the slag, as there were plenty more in the queue. The women were calling me slut, whore, and slag, telling the men to bore out my cunt, and stretch my ass. Telling them to cum on my face and wank between my tits, cover me in cum. My mum and aunty among them joining in.

Wine was poured over my abused body and the men and women licked and sucked it off making sure they left bite marks and love bites all over my body, but mainly around my cunt, ass, and the top of my thighs. I was again rolled over onto my stomach lying on squashed food and spilt wine. The men with encouragement from the women now lined up to fuck my ass. One after another my ass hole was pummeled with cocks. All I could do was lie there grunting like an animal as these men yanked my head back by my hair, pinched and twisted my nipples and roughly mauled my tits as they plunged in and out of my now gapping ass hole, then have me suck them clean afterwards. "Ass fucking slut, you love this don't you" one said as he was shagging me, I just mumbled, he jerked my head back, "tell us bitch" one women shouted as she slapped me across the face. "Yes," I said, I love it, she slapped me again, "tell us what you are". "I'm a dirty slut who loves to be ass fucked, loves to be naked in public. A slag that likes to be gangfucked, covered in cum, and punished in front of an audience. A real filthy cunt, you fucking bitch" I said. She slapped my face a several more times and twisted my nipples hard making me scream. "Hurt the fucking bitch," she said. They were all happy to do so. Every body was cheering and laughing, enjoying the spectacle, the entertainment. 

When they had all had a shag of my ass, I was left moaning still lying face down cum pouring from my tortured asshole. Suddenly I heard a crack and a sharp pain across the cheeks of my ass, I screamed, another sharp pain. A women had got hold of a belt and was whipping me hard with it. Again and again it rained down on my ass cheeks. "Scream bitch" she snarled. And I did as she thrashed my ass with this leather belt over and over again.

"Fucking turn her over," she said to some other women, who roughly turned me on to my back and then held my arms and legs wide apart. The leather belt now came down again, this time across my tits. I screamed out loud again but my nipples became even larger. Some of the other women joined in, whipping me across my thighs and between my legs. I writhed and arched my body, and struggled against the hands holding me as the belts made contact with my vulnerable cunt, stinging my clit and splashing the cum that was oozing out of it. I was near to cumming again, and cried out as the belts made contact with my ravished body once again that I was cumming. ”Yes, yes, I’m cumming, whip my cunt and tits harder,”I cried out. "Look, she loves it, It's made the dirty cunt cum" somebody shouted, to a round of laughter. "Well lets make her cum some more" another women replied. "Punish my whore of a daughter," my mum said, as my naked limp body was being punished more, this time the stinging made me piss myself, it pouring from my sloppy hole and mixing with the cum. This caused more laughter, and they shouted out "look, the cunts pissed herself." My body was now covered in red marks from this torture.

The whipping finely stopped and I was left lying there, my tits, ass, and my cunt stinging and red, but not for long. I felt hands pulling my legs up and apart and I groaned as I felt a wine bottle pushed wide end into my sloppy cunt, then the neck of another bottle up my ass. These women were now fucking me with these wine bottles. "Look at that slut, she's taking all that bottle up her cunt, and loving it," a man said. "Yes, and her ass, Christ, the slag won't be any good to her husband or any other man for a while after this" another said. They laughed. "Only be any good for a donkey to fuck," another said. "You never know we might see that yet, it would be a laugh to see her strapped legs apart under one. See it's mammoth cock disappearing up her cunt. The tart could probably take its full length" somebody replied to another round of laughter. At that time with the way I was feeling, so highly sexily aroused and turned on by what I was having done to me and by what had been done to me, if they had taken me to one and told me to fuck it, I would of let them tie me naked under it and let it fuck me, and enjoyed it's huge cock reaming out my cunt in front of all these people. Maybe I will try it if the occasion arises again. I thought how sex mad I must be to enjoying this. But I was.

Some men were smearing food and wine over me while the women were taking it in turns to use the bottles on me, while others were again taking it in turns to fuck my mouth or wank over my face. The waiters and owner of the restaurant had also been having their fair share of me and had at one time or another had their cocks in all of my holes. I had gone from being a guest at their restaurant, to being the entertainment, their slut fuck toy.

When for the time being they had finished abusing my now ravished, dirty, cum covered body, I was dragged off the table onto the floor by my hair and outside into the courtyard. The floor was rough on my ass and tits as I was dragged, and the women kicked me on my ass or tits as I was pulled along, saying get a move on slag as they did so, one ground the sole of her shoe into my messy cunt, pushing me along, I groaned as she did so.

Outside I was left lying on my back in the dirt. "I think the slut needs to be washed off men," the women laughed. "Piss all over the dirty cum covered bitch". They all got their cocks out and pissed. The warm salty liquid pouring over me, splashing onto my tits, running down my stomach, and down between my open legs. They aimed for my face and I opened my mouth drinking and tasting it, filling my mouth and running down my cheeks into the dirt and soaking my hair. Piss on her face and in her mouth, the women shouted. It was hard to believe that my mum and aunty were standing there watching all these men pissing over this naked, cum covered 40 year old slut, lying on the ground in the dirt, a slag who was her daughter and cheering them on, telling them to piss over me, and laughing with all the rest of them. She now knew me for the slag I was.

When they had all emptied their bladders over me I was left lying in a large pool of mud. I could feel the remnants of their piss trickling down my stomach. The women pushed me with their feet grinding me into the mess and wiping the mud off their soles on my tits. I was then dragged again through the mud across the courtyard and tied up spread-eagled between two roof supports my legs spread wide and on tip toe, where I was left outside for what was left of the night. Men and women just walked over when they wanted to abuse my hanging body more, use me how they wanted. Some enjoyed whipping me; some used objects on my gaping holes, others either fucked me or pissed over me again. All night the restaurant echoed to my cries of pain and ecstasy, the sound of men groaning as they cum, and the contact of leather on my naked flesh. Even the coach driver who had to stay the night had his fill of me, fucking all my holes. I told him that was his tip for this trip. He laughed, and said, "best tip I've ever had,” as he finished off spanking my ass hard for five minuets or more.

In the morning I was cut down and taken back into the courtyard where they hosed me down to clean the stinking mess off me. The restaurant owner had told my mum I was the best entertainment they had ever had, and to bring me back again, mum said they would on their next holiday. I found my thong but not my bra and dress, (I never found the bra but my mum had my dress in a bag for safe keeping, but had not given it to me, she thought I should arrive back dressed as I was like a cheap slut she said).
