 I suggest to Jacqueline that she go in and clean herself off. After a moment, she gets up and heads into the bathroom. I look over at Daniel and smile at him. I look down and am pleased to see his penis is semi-erect. He sees my glance and assures me that he is ready for more fun. I move over by him and push him onto his back. I lean forward and take him into my mouth. I can taste both him and Jacqueline so I lovingly wash him. He hardens rapidly, so I continue to suck him until I am sure he is ready. Jacqueline returns during this time and sits down on the edge of the bed to watch. 

As I continue to suck on Daniel’s penis, I run my fingers down between my legs and begin to play with myself. Jacqueline notices this and moves behind me and replaces my fingers with her tongue. We continue this way until my need gets out of control. I move up and mount Daniel and position him against my opening. With horny abandon, I push him into me. I slide up and down with each stroke going deeper until there is no more. With a loud moan, I rotate my hips on his pelvis. 

He feels wonderful and fills my need. I move my hands to his broad chest and start to hump him with vigor. His hands move to my hips to try to guide my but my pussy knows what it needs. His girth rubs me with each stroke and I squeeze him as I lift up with each stroke. Jacqueline moves over and sits down and watches us screw. Daniel feels wonderful and I make sure I tell him. I tell him I expect him to screw me silly and to let me know when he’s ready to come. I want to screw for a long time because it feels so wonderful. 

My pussy is purring as I stroke up and down. All good things must come to an end however, and with each stroke, my orgasm grows closer. Finally, I can’t avoid it any longer and with a shriek I collapse onto Daniel’s chest as my orgasm begins. Waves of pleasure emanate from my pussy as it rhythmically clutches Daniel’s penis. My lover continues to thrust as my orgasm continues, prolonging my pleasure. As my orgasm nears its conclusion, I feel Daniel roll me over and without missing a stroke, he rolls me onto my back and lifts my legs onto his shoulders. He continues to thrust into me. The change in position allows him to penetrate me further and I revel in the new sensations. 

We continue to screw through another wonderful orgasm by me and Daniel shows no signs of letting up. At this point I am babbling incoherently as I am lost in the hazy world of sexual pleasure. I urge him on as his pace begins to pick up and I tell him to make me come one more time. He proves to be a stud and pounds me to a huge orgasm; finally collapsing on me as his orgasm begins. Daniel and I rest for a few moments. 

My pussy is pulsing from the pounding it has received. Daniel has proven himself to be an excellent lover and I look forward to more. Daniel finally lifts up off me, collapsing next to me on the bed. I reach over and grab his hand and give it a squeeze silently thanking him for some great sex. I look over and smile at Jacqueline. I hold out my hand and wave her to join us on the bed. She comes over and sits next to me. She tells me that it was really sexy watching us have sex. I lazily reply that it was incredible for me too. Jacqueline begins to run her hand up my arm as Daniel and I continue to recover. Jacqueline looks at me and tells me that she feels left out and wants to have sex with me. I tell her she will need to wait since I can’t move. She pouts for a few minutes and then gets up.

I must fall asleep enjoying my post orgasmic bliss, because I wake up to find Daniel between Jacqueline’s legs licking her pussy. Jacqueline is moaning and thrashing around so I presume they have been at it for a while. I continue to lie next to them and listen to the sounds of sex. Jacqueline is moaning and squeaking and sobbing so I know she is ready to explode. Daniel must be doing something right. I lift up onto an elbow to watch as Daniel’s tongue brings Jacqueline to an explosive finish. 

Without giving her a minute to recover Daniel moves up, mounts Jacqueline and begins to slide a very erect penis into her. Her eyes open in shock as she realizes what is happening. I watch as he easily enters her and begins to thrust into her. Not knowing what has gone on while I took my little nap, I have to admire Daniel’s stamina and hope that he still has more reserves for me. I have to admit that watching and hearing Jacqueline’s orgasm has caused my sex drive to kick in. I decide to contribute to the love-fest and run my fingers up to Jacqueline’s breasts. I gently squeeze them and they respond to my caresses. 

I decide to become more involved and slide closer and replace my fingers with my mouth. I slide my fingers up and into her mouth and tell her to suck on my fingers and get them wet. She sucks on them like she’s not giving them back as she continues to moan. I push my fingers into her mouth, imitating a hard penis and she sucks with abandon. This arouses me further and is move up and not to gently push my come filled pussy over her mouth. 

My fingers continue to rub her hard nipples as I implore her to lick my pussy and make me come. Jacqueline is not equipped to deal with all of the stimulation she is receiving so she half-heartedly runs her tongue a few times along my slit. Daniel clearly is pushing her towards another orgasm and she is being overwhelmed by the sensations. I abandon my perch and move back to the side. With me out of the way, Daniel pulls her knees up and begins to grunt as his thrusts pick up speed. Jacqueline can only moan in response. 

Each thrust elicits a moan from Jacqueline. Not that he needs any help, but, I reach over and slide a finger down to Jacqueline’s clit and begin to gently rub it. Sensation overload. Jacqueline almost immediately shrieks and starts an orgasm. This girl is loud. Daniel continues to stroke into her through her orgasm. When she is done, I lean over and tell him I want to suck him. He replies that maybe a sixty-nine would work. I remind him that I have not cleaned off and he replies that he doesn’t mind. 

His penis is covered with a thick coating of Jacqueline’s juices so as I settle down on Daniel’s tongue, I lick the juices from around the base of his penis before I take him in my mouth. As I begin to suck on him, Daniel’s tongue is busy. I try to keep my pace slow so I can tease him but he is too aroused. I remove my hand from the base and continue to suck him. Between licks, he tells me he is getting close to cumming. 

I know that already and continue to suck him. I reach down and take his balls into my hands and gently squeeze them. I feel his dick swell as his first squirt hits my tonsils. I greedily swallow as he continues to spurt. Two, three, four times before he is done. Only a little dribble has escaped my lips and I use my finger to spoon that back into my mouth. My hungry pussy has not been satisfied, so I move over to Jacqueline and tell her I want to sixty-nine with her. She nods her head and I crawl over and slide my tongue into her pussy. Her and I go at it through several orgasms until neither of us can move. I finally crawl off and collapse onto the bed and pass out. 

I wake up to find my two lovers still passed out. I look at the clock and it is 10:30. We have been at it for almost six hours. I get up quietly and go into the bathroom to shower. I am in the shower when I turn to find Daniel standing in the doorway. I invite him in to join me. Hotel showers are not meant for two people. We gingerly exchange places as we soap and rinse off. Daniel tells me that Jacqueline is awake and they have ordered food from room service. I nod and tell him I am famished. 

We finish our shower and get out to dry ourselves. The room has been cleaned since this morning so there is an ample supply of fresh towels. Daniel reaches over and dries my back and I return the favor. I brush my teeth and gargle. I offer him a spare toothbrush I carry and he brushes and gargles. With minty fresh breath, we exchange a long, sexy kiss. As our tongues intertwine, we move together, touching skin to skin. 

Our kisses continue, slowly building my passion for him once again. I feel his erection grow against my stomach indicating the level of his passion. I reach down between us and grab him. I slowly wrap my fist around it and begin to stroke it. We move apart a little and Daniel quickly finds my breasts. His warm hands cup my breasts as his fingers move towards my nipples. His caresses quickly bring my nipples to attention. Daniel moves to my neck and begins kissing and biting my throat. I love bathroom sex and Daniel is pushing all the right buttons. His mouth travels down my neck to my breasts as his hands move down between my legs. He finds me already wet. 

As a finger slides into me, I moan and tell him that I want him inside me. He tells me he is willing. I quickly look around, and move over to the toilet. I tell him I want him to have me from behind. I bend over, placing my hands on the closed toilet seat and tell him to hurry. I am acting like a total slut but I can’t help myself. This guy has me wanting more. He moves behind me and I reach around and place him at the entrance to me. He slowly slides in a little. He very carefully allows me to adjust to him and lubricate him by slowly entering me. My hand is rubbing my clit and I am already a mess when I finally feel his pubic hair on my ass. I push back against him to make sure I have all of him. I moan as he withdraws and then shoves back in. We begin to hump each other with my hips pumping back to meet his thrusts.

An orgasm arrives like a freight train and I am helpless against its fury. I have to stop playing with my clit so my hand can support me. Daniel is grunting and moaning behind me. Just as my orgasm begins to wane, I feel one of his fingers begin to circle my back opening. It is wet and I know exactly where it will end up. I moan as his finger slides into my ass and another orgasm pushes through me. The feeling of his finger and dick inside me is just too much. My knees grow weak from my orgasm and only Daniel’s hands on my hips prevent me from falling. He is close to coming so I push back against him until I feel him cumming inside me. I turn around and give him a big kiss. 

While Daniel recovers, I leave the bathroom and find Jacqueline in a tee shirt on the bed surrounded by plates of food. She smiles at me and asks me if I had a nice shower and I sweetly reply that it was very refreshing. I sit down on the bed and begin to devour some food. A few minutes later, Daniel joins in. In short order we demolish all of the food and drinks and clean them off the bed. During our dinner, we talked about what had occurred and how we were enjoying ourselves. 

Jacqueline asked Daniel if he would like to have sex with her. Daniel looks embarrassed and I save him the trouble and tell Jacqueline that we have just finished a session in the bathroom. I feel bad for her and tell her I will be happy to play but I have to go clean off. Jacqueline tells me to go ahead. I go in and clean off and return. Jacqueline offers to lick me but I tell her I will just love her. I invite Daniel to join me. 

We place Jacqueline between us and begin to kiss and caress her. We take turns kissing her and then I slide down between her legs. She surprises me because as my tongue begins to slide between her lips, I find that she is already soaked. With just the slightest pressure, her outer lip’s part and I taste her sweet juice. This girl is really aroused. My tongue happily laps as I move around, licking her clit, slipping my tongue into her and circling around her opening. Daniel is still kissing her and I am shocked to notice that he is sporting another erection. I grab Jacqueline’s hand and place it on his erection and show her how to stroke it. Once I see that she has the idea, I slide a finger into her wet hole. 

I move my mouth up and suck her clit into my mouth. I use my tongue and lips to rub it as I finger fuck her. This really gets her attention. I suck her clit for a while and then slide my tongue back to her opening to taste the new stream of juices my fingers have created. I take my nice wet finger and begin to circle it around her butt. Deciding to get serious, I push my finger into her ass as I suck her clit back into my mouth. I swear to god the girl jumped six inches off the bed! She almost broke my neck. As I slide my finger in and out of her ass and continue to lick her, I feel her orgasm begin. This is a real tidal wave. I feel her pulse around my finger for a good thirty seconds before completing. With my task completed, I sit up in the bed and comment to Daniel that he seems to have another erection and I was wondering if he is ready to enter Jacqueline’s wet, juicy hole. 

Daniel nods his agreement and we change places. I move aside and sit next to her on the bed. I tell Jacqueline to roll her hips as Daniel thrusts and to focus on where his strokes feel good inside her. She begins to roll her hips and after several strokes I watch as she starts to get it. She pushes her pelvis up as he strokes down to rub her clit on his pubic bone and I tell her to try to tighten her pussy up as Daniel withdraws. This girl is a natural. 

As Jacqueline masters these new techniques, I lean over, give her a sexy kiss, and get up off the bed. I move over and sit on the easy chair in the corner. I feel proud as I watch Jacqueline orgasm around Daniel’s thrusting penis. Daniel has incredible stamina and Jacqueline comes for a second time before falling limply back onto the bed. I remind Daniel to pull out and he does, cumming on her bush. It is now after midnight and we all cuddle together on our king size bed and fall asleep. I know I will always remember this great wedding!