 Katie and I have been Steelers fans ever since we were kids. We have always gone to the local sports bars on game days for years. Of course we are dressed in our black and gold team colors as are all the other Steelers fans. When we moved to our new house, it was only natural to find out where the hot spots were for game day. Hammerheads bar and grill had a huge sign on the front, boasting of their Steelers Fan Club. Katie and I stopped in for a drink and talked with one of the bartenders. She told us to come back on the day of the first preseason game and talk to her, so that was our plan.

Fast forward a month to game day. Katie and I met with the bartender as planned and she had us sit at the end of bar and she walked away. We watched her go through a door that said 'Steelers Fan Club Members Only'. We looked at each other with some smiles of anticipation. The bartender came back with a woman who was dressed to the hilt in black and gold. She introduced herself as Dana and said she was the president of the fan club. She gave us 2 gold t-shirts which she made us put on right there in the bar. On the back were the words 'NEW APPLICANT' and she wrote our names on the front with magic marker. Katie looked at me with a weird hesitation, but we continued with the plan. 

Dana was a total knockout. She looked like a bleached blonde beach slut. She was about 5'-10" tall and about 130lbs. She looked more like a lean tight volleyball player than the club president. She wore a super tight pair of black jeans, black high top aerobics sneakers and very tight ladies cut Steelers jersey. Her jersey was see through mesh and it was obvious she was wearing a black sports bra underneath, which mashed down her obviously large boobs. Her outfit was graced with huge hoop earrings and nails that were painted with little Steelers logos. Katie knew immediately that I was very interested in Dana's appearance and gave me a knowing elbow. 

Anyhow, Dana walked us through the club door and told us to eat, drink and relax. By us wearing the shirts, the existing club members would meet and greet us and initiate welcomes. That was designed to keep us from trying too hard to fit in and to relax and let them do all the work. Sure enough, more people introduced themselves than we could keep track of. There were probably 25 or 30 here in the room which was custom built. Throughout the game, we found out that the bar owner built this room specifically for the club and it was decorated to the max with Steelers garb. 

Each wall had a big screen TV and there was autographed paraphernalia all over the walls including tons of vintage stuff that was actually donated. There were also hundreds of photos of various club members with each other and Steelers players. Obviously, this was the place to be on game day and I could sense Katie's excitement by how well she relaxed and meandered around meeting people. We even got split up as people pulled us around the room to meet somebody else. Every so often, we would make eye contact which only solidified my feelings of us feeling like we belonged. 

In order to join, we had to do this same ritual for the next 2 weeks and during halftime of the 3rd game, the club members would tell the officers whether they accepted us or not. So for the next 2 games, we kept eating, drinking, and just hanging out. We were both very relaxed and getting comfortable with a few other couples there. They all told us that the big initiation meeting would be during game 4 of the preseason. Nobody really elaborated on what type of event it would be, but they said it would be plenty of fun. Everybody here has already gone through it and it is no big deal. 

Sure enough, during the 3rd game, the membership gave approval for us to be voted in. However, the officers had the final say during tomorrow's game. The biggest difference was that WE had to host the meeting at our house. Only six others would be in attendance as they were the president, vice president and treasurer and their spouses. No big deal as we have a huge party room in our basement, which was built by me to hold WAY more people. So we kinda figured a quiet little gathering would be a nice way to finally get voted into the club. 

All 6 of them showed up at once and we all greeted and proceeded to the rec room. Our downstairs rec room has a full wet bar with kitchen, huge table with 8 chairs, a ping pong, and foosball table and big screen TV with surround sound. It has tiered theater seating with overstuffed double wide love seats suitable for 12 and tons of mood lighting. Beer and wine was opened and passed around and we all got comfy around the table. Let me go ahead and set the stage. 

My wife was looking delicious as ever in a pair of short khaki shorts and tight black top with deep cleavage. She is still a hottie MILF at 45 years of age, despite giving birth to two boys. She is 5'-1" and goes 110 lbs. Her full B cup boobs have the right amount of 45 year old MOM sag and her age lines make her ultra sexy. Top that off with a killer tan and tan lines from boating all summer and she finishes out as one hot little number. Most guys like how small built she is as it makes them feel even bigger and more powerful. 

Dana, the president, had her husband in tow and he is just a handsome as she is hot. He goes about 6'-6" and maybe 240. He is built rock solid and tons of muscles leftover from his days as a college ball player. They are both in their late 40's and sexy as hell. Ronnie is all over her as she has on clothes that are even tighter than the past game days. They look as if they are ready to fuck each other right here and now. Actually, I wouldn't have a problem watching that, as they look like they could be some home grown porn stars. 

The vice president's name is Billy and his wife is Kara who both appear to be 50ish. They too are very good looking and Kara is a pure red head through and through. Her milky white skin looks almost Goth, but is so natural that it causes my dick to stir just from gawking at her. She is about 5'-5" and goes 120. Her boobs are probably a large A cup, and she has absolutely dangerous curves. She is wearing a short white denim skirt with black suede thigh high boots. Her hot purple long sleeve sweater is insanely tight and her nipples are slightly protruding through the material which obviously advertises that she is braless. She definitely did the makeup to make herself look slutty and it is surely working on getting me revved up. 

The last couple is Kimmie, the treasurer, and her husband Jack who are also in their mid 40's. Jack is a black version of Ronnie, just plain ole tall, muscular and handsome, looking like a bull that is looking for a fuck. Kimmie looks like a little girl as she is even smaller than Katie. She tops out at 5 feet and weighs maybe 100 lbs at the most. Compared to her gargantuan husband, she looks even smaller. She has jet black huge 80's hair and boobs that are so small they don't even register on the scale, but has all the curves and sex appeal you could possibly imagine. She is wearing a pair of daisy duke denim shorts that are so tight, I can almost see her pussy lips squirting out. Her Steelers gold halter top that also shows some slight nipple bumps on her almost flat chest that needs no bra of any kind. 

My cock is even more impressed now that I have seen all the couples, I am now am sure that something is up, rather than just a simple meeting. Katie and I are eyeing each other wondering what is actually happening as this is all a little more than we thought was going to happen. Dana finally speaks up and gives us the scoop. "Ok guys, here it is, the final initiation. You guys are going to dress up and serve us like royalty during the last game today. Here are your outfits, go put them on and come right back. We have a party to get started here." With that, she handed us a bag and we hustled to the spare bedroom in the far end of the basement. We were both giddy with excitement not having any idea what was going to happen. There was till 2 hours till game time and we had to get all the food ready and served yet. Katie opened the bag and gasped in surprise as she pulled her outfit out and held it up. It consisted of a pair of black thong panties with the Steelers logo on the font, a VERY short spandex skirt with black, gold and white plaid pattern and a micro triangle bikini top with the same plaid design. As shocked as she first appeared to be, her eyes grew wide with anticipation of some role playing and who knows what else. 

Then she pulled out my outfit which consisted of a pair of bold, black and white plaid boxers and some fake tux cuffs and collar. She burst out laughing as she handed it to me as it looked like a male stripper outfit while hers was a slutty beach bar waitress outfit. We eagerly stripped each other's clothing off and embraced in a deep French kiss. My hand instinctively went to her pussy which was already wet with excitement. 

Katie began to stroke my hard cock, but I stopped her as I did not want to cum too soon before the festivities. We helped dress each other and seeing her in that outfit made my cock stand to attention even more. I was dying to fuck her right there, but something told me to hold off. "Katie, I have a hunch we are in for a fun night. No matter what, just relax and let's roll with it." "You know me honey; I am game for just about anything. I wonder what they really have in mind, because I wouldn't mind getting a little frisky with those guys. And I know you would love to do some taste tests of those hot women."

We completed our fitting room session with some heavier French kissing and hands groping each other. I had to stop her from jerking me off all the way and get ourselves ready for the big show, whatever that may happen to be. She did her hair up in a palm tree type pony tail on top of her head, just like the Pebbles Flintstone hairdo. She looked like a young little 18 year old teenie bopper now and my cock was getting even harder. 

We regained our composure and rejoined the crew at the table. They all applauded our appearance and made us do a 360, so they could see the entire view. Kimmie gave my butt a little spank and then winked to the other girls. They were whistling and making comments and Katie did a little dance as she went all the way around the table for all to see. Even the women seemed somewhat intrigued by her sexiness and Kara even stopped her and ran her hands up the back of Katie's thigh to her butt cheeks. Katie caught everybody off guard, even me, when she spoke. "Ok people, listen up. Let's skip the formalities and get right to it. You are all here for an orgy...right? So let's not waste any time. Just look at the way you wives are dressed. You look like you shopped at sluts-r-us or something. It those are some 'come fuck me outfits', then I WAY misunderstood the impression you were trying to project. Soooo....... If that's not what you signed up for, then I apologize for wasting your time, and I will change and serve dinner. I'm guessing that you all came here to get fucked so let's get the show on the road folks. So let's get down to business. I hope you plan to 'walk the walk'."

Everybody looked at one another in total shock, not expecting her to chime in like that. After a moment or two, they all began to grin and smile and start getting up from the table and began to mill around the room. Katie wanted to be the ice breaker again as they still looked sort of shocked at her forwardness. She pulled Billy up from the chair and pushed him over to one of the super plush love seats and plopped him down. She hopped up and straddled him and wrapped her arms around his neck. She pulled his face tightly into her chest and wiggled her boobs in his face. 

I stood between Kara and Dana and put my arm around each of their trim waists. I caressed the smooth skin of both their waist and hip areas and was glad to find some so quickly. Dana's hand found its way down my shorts and began to rub my stiff member. Kara pulled my face down to her level and stuffed her moist tongue deep in my mouth, which I willingly accepted. We flicked out tongues together as if they were making love with each other. She groaned ever so slightly as my hand must have reached a sensual spot on her waist. Her body briefly shook as if from a slight chill. I knew she was going to be ripe for the pickin, so I continued to let my hand explore the small of her back and all along the waistline of her denim skirt. 

Dana pushed Kara and me backwards into a loveseat also. While Kara and I still mouth fucked each other, Dana dropped to her knees between my wide spread legs. As she began to run her hands up the legs of my boxers, Jack move in behind her and got her into somewhat of a doggie position. She was on her knees leaning into my lap, with her hands up my shorts. Jack proceeded to grind his crotch into her ass crack from behind and she obliged by gyrating her hips to his movements. 

As Katie straddled Billy, he was nuzzling her boobs right through the bikini material. Ronnie helped himself to lifting her skirt and rubbing her smooth ass globes. He even allowed his finger to go under the thong material and up and down her ass crack. I could see her hips wiggle, but not sure if she was crushing her pussy down to Billy's crotch or from the senses of Ronnie's hands. Either way, she was loving it and doing the best she could to accommodate them. 

Kimmie jumped into the action by getting her face into the mix with Katie's boobs too. Her hands joined Billy's in exploring Katie's boobs, which were now being exposed as they pulled aside the material covering her soft snow white skin. Kimmie is a tiny little number and so totally hot. I saw her from my side of the room and knew it was only a matter of time until I would get to fuck her. All the while, I was having visions of all these guys gangbanging my wife. I almost felt dizzy from all the thoughts and the feelings flooding my body. 

I began to tug at Kara's tight sweater and she lifted her hands over her head in approval. Her cute little boobs popped out with pinkish little 18 year old looking nipples. I leaned over and licked the smooth skin of both tiny boobs. Her nipples began to harden more with each moment of me savoring and devouring them. I made sure to give them very soft little bites and Kara moaned in appreciation. She got on her knees next to me while facing me and providing me the opportunity to molest her tits without opposition. She ran her fingers through my hair and made sure to keep my head in close. 

Dana was tugging at the elastic waistband of my boxers. My erection had gotten hung up in top and finally sprung free as she finished pulling them down and all the way off. She leaned in and began licking up and down my shaft with her warm moist tongue. She made sure to slobber a little in order to keep it lubed up and slick. She sucked my knob into her mouth very softly and made a slight slurping noise. It sounded so slutty and felt even better. Her hand had found my ball sack and she was massaging my jewels as she began to suck more on my cock head. She hummed and mmmm'd the whole time which added even more to the heat of the moment. 

Jack was busy trying to tear off Dana's tight jeans; she actually has to stop sucking me and stand up to help remove them. She had to wiggle and jiggle her ass and hips as he pulled and tugged to get her super tight jeans off. She didn't have any panties on and her gorgeous pussy was sight to behold. He didn't waste time and tore off her shirt too, which left her sports bra which concealed a pair of naturally mom saggy C cup 34's. I wanted to attack them, but I allowed her to get back into her previous position. While she was still kneeling between my legs, Jack had layed on his back and pulled her pelvis down so she was sitting on his face. She was more than glad to face fuck him as her hips begin to grind as he ate her pussy from below. 

She continued to slowly suck me off as she took a little more of my shaft into her mouth with each up and down stroke. As her fingers continually played with my scrotum, she allowed them to wander towards my taint, which is very sensitive. As soon as she hit it, my hips flinched upwards and she now had my cock in her mouth balls deep. She kept rubbing my taint with her thumb as she picked up the pace of sucking me off, which was not helping in keeping me lasting for too long. The more Jack tongued her pussy, the harder she sucked me off.

On the other couch Katie was getting worked over pretty good by Ronnie, Kimmie and Billy. Kimmie had untied Katie's bikini top which was now tossed aside. She devoured my wife's saggy mom boobs and sucked and licked them all over. She paid very good attention to gently sucking and nibbling Katie's hardening nipples. Billy was doing the same while Katie still straddled him. Ronnie had gotten naked and was rubbing his huge cock and balls all over her back. His equipment was quite impressive with a 9" stick of meat and massive plum size balls. His cock wasn't even erect but looked thick and hard without standing up straight like most boners. I was more than envious as he was getting himself off using the smoothness of my wife's awesomely tanned skin. I'm sure her tramp stamp tattoo was adding to the vibe also, as it does for me. 

By now, I was assisting Kara out of panties so I could play with her pussy. Her ghostly white skin was such a turn on especially in contrast to her black suede thigh high boots. Her hairless pussy was already slick with moisture as I sunk 2 fingers deep into her smooth abyss. She gasped in response and I could feel her body tense up as my other arm was wrapped around her. We continued to suck tongues and were breathing like we were both in heat. I could hear Dana moaning and groaning, but my cock wasn't getting as much attention. She was having a hard time concentrating as her pussy was busy getting a good lashing from Jack's ferocious mouth. Dana was grinding her pussy down on his face, giving him all the incentive he needed. 

I could also hear Jack mmmm'ing and humming as he ate her out with so much energy, it looked as if he were having a seizure. His hands gripped her shapely hips and pulled her cunt down to his face as she was helping by grinding herself down. She still had a hand on my cock, but she was unable to focus on sucking me off. That was fine, because it would delay me cumming for while longer. Everybody seemed to reach a point where a position switch was coming, it kinda happened without any planning. 

Dana sat upright as she was riding Jacks face, but she continued to grind herself as he ate away. I was now free to entertain Kara more, so I pulled her down onto may lap, with her back against my chest and her legs straddling my lower body. This put my cock in front of her cunt, and she immediately began to massage them together. She was using my cock like a dildo and sliding it all around the outside of her now very wet pussy. She leaned her head to one side and back as we continued to kiss. I dragged my fingertips all over her hips and waist, which must have tickled her a little, because she was squirming all over, but not trying to get away. Must have been the sexy ticklish I guess. 

Across the way, the guys had switched positions with Katie. She helped strip Billy whose cock was standing at attention and was now slouch either. He had a good 8" fully hard and erect, standing straight up. Katie's panties had been removed and her beautiful bald pussy was on display with her clit hood piercing taking center stage. Her pussy is ultra tight despite getting fucked regularly by me and all the guys that we swing and swap with. Her smooth pouty vulva is produces the most perfect camel toe which stays nice and closed tight until the first dick penetrates her.
