 (Part Two)

After that cum appetizer, I knew I needed more...

Feeling smug and temporarily satisfied, I meandered through the crowd toward the long, hardwood bar and requested a fresh glass of white wine. I took a sip and ran my tongue around my lips. Even with the smooth, lightly oaked flavoring, I could still taste a hint of Brian's nice cock. The wine immediately masked his delicious cum which encouraged me to want to exercise my oral skills again. After all, the night was young.

I savored the lovely mixture of flavors, turned and leaned back with my elbows onto the bar. I noticed this position really accentuated my boobs, not that they needed any help. I looked through the fray of New Years revelers toward the pool table and Brian caught my glance. He discretely raised his beer in my direction, nodded and smiled warmly.

It made me feel good and I knew I'd definitely pleased him. I headed toward my husband and as usual he was standing there chatting things up, surrounded by several friends and associates. The party had grown beyond my initial estimate, and there seemed to be maybe fifty people in attendance by now.

I snuggled in beside him, clinked my glass against his and said, "Happy New Year."

"Having fun so far, Babe?" he inquired.

"Definitely," I replied with a secretive, Mona Lisa type smile.

"I saw you over there playing some pool. How did you do?"

"I sunk one." I stated, then reached around the back of his head and gave him a big, wet kiss with lots of tongue. I knew he could tell by the heat of my kiss that I'd just enjoyed sucking another guy's cock. It was Jack's fault -- he'd dared me!

He pulled away, chuckled and took a big swig of his scotch. He'd obviously picked up on my not so obscure message.

"Really?" he asked curiously after he swished his whiskey around, then commented, "We've only been here half-an-hour. I hope you enjoyed yourself."

"Yep... and it was a new guy." I said, and probably looked like I was gloating. My husband clearly understood me. I like to add new conquests.

"Who's next? Me, Mark, or...?"

"I dunno. I think I'd like to play a little more pool. I'll let you know how it goes."

He pulled me in for a hug and said, "Have fun and choose wisely," then added with a close-in whisper, "Heather's been eying me up, should I?"

I just smiled and nodded, then headed back toward the bar to top up my wine. I glanced across the big room in the direction of the pool table and the half-dozen single guys there were all watching me. It's always amazed me how the boys can spread news like wildfire when a potentially available female is in the area. I felt another hot gush in my panties.

Full glass in hand I wandered into the middle of the room. This was more of a corporate party scene, so it was mostly married couples plus a few guys that had brought dates. Several people were dancing and I kind of inserted myself among them for a few shimmies, wiggles and giggles. Before it got wild enough to spill any of my beverage I excused myself and headed back toward the pool table.

Clearly the boys were attracted to me like flies to honey. They eagerly offered to re-start their current game so they could partner up with me. Out of courtesy I selected Brian as my partner and we agreed to take on two guys who were employees of the Miller's development company. They just happened to be second cousins and very handsome black gentlemen.

Now, I'm not all that bad at pool, but tonight my game was off for some reason. I wasn't trying to lose, but those damn balls just wouldn't cooperate. Soon it became obvious Brian and me were trailing hopelessly, and the game was nearing an end.

James, one of our two black competitors said, "Well, things seem to be going our way, Katie. We never did make it clear what we're playing for."

I figured by now Brian had already spilled the beans at least to some level as to what he and I had done previously, so why beat around the bush. I smiled widely, sipped my wine and responded, "Me!"

They nearly dropped their pool cues. I was pretty sure the other single guys heard my response as well. It was my shot next so I leaned over, aimed and totally blew it, sinking the eight ball out of sequence and immediately losing this game.

"Fuck, I totally suck at this." I loudly and a little teasingly proclaimed.

I dropped my cue stick onto the table like it was a rap-star's microphone, then stepped over in between the two black partners that had just won the match. I grabbed each by the elbow to pull them close and whispered, "I suck at a lot of things. Have you guys ever seen each other naked?"

They glanced at each other in shocked disbelief, then James spoke up and said, "Well, we're cousins and sort of grew up together, so of course we have. Why do you ask?"

"Well guys, very discretely if you two were to head to that far bathroom which seems like nobody has been using, I could meet you there in a minute so we could...uh... talk."

James' cousin Vince quietly inquired, "You got the same thing in mind for us as you did for Brian?"

I simply flashed him a grin, then turned toward Brian and shook my finger. "I thought you weren't going to tell anyone!"

Brian laughed and shrugged his shoulders, then said, "Oops," as the other single men stood and stared at me.

"Excuse me folks, but I gotta hit the head." James stated, then turned and walked smartly toward the bathroom I had suggested. Vince thoughtfully hung back for a several moments of small talk before I patted his nicely rounded butt to signal that he should follow his cousin.

I surveyed the crowd as I waited, and it appeared the party was really gearing up due to the open bar and the great music, so no-one was paying any attention to activities around the pool table except for our little gang.

Brian gave me the warmest smile and looked at the other three guys standing near him. He gestured toward the distant bathroom, now occupied by James and Vince, and simply stated, "Lucky fuckers."

His comment caused a wide grin to spread across my face, and I responded, "You would know."

Next it was my turn and I walked briskly toward the bathroom, anticipating what wondrous adventures may lay ahead. I glanced around before opening the door. No one except the keenly interested looking guys at the pool table appeared to have taken any notice. We'd been discrete.

There was no point in knocking. I reached down to grab the lever, and when I touched it, the anticipation caused me to gush hot pussy juice into my little panties.

I stepped into the bathroom, closed and locked the door, and was tickled by the warm smiles that greeted me. I had no issues about inter-racial sex. If there was a willing cock attached to a likable and polite man, it was fair game.

"Thanks for joining me, guys." I stated. "Brian wasn't supposed to say anything," I said with a wink. "So what did he tell you?"

"He didn't get into a lot of detail," Vince replied, "but he did kind of say he just got the blow job of his life."

"From little ol' me?" I asked, giggling. "I'm glad he liked it. Perhaps I could do the same for you two?"

They just nodded, maybe with a look of surprise at my urgency. With only a bit of my help, very quickly their pants and undies were at their ankles and two beautiful, black, engorging penises filled my focused view.

"Oh fuck!" I exclaimed and came in my panties again. I was weak-kneed already so it was easy to gently slide down their muscled physiques and plant myself in front of them.

There I was, on my knees with a lovely black cock in each hand. I've sucked black dick before and I just love the contrast of how my pale, creamy hands look as I stroke the long, dark shaft. They got nice and hard for me fast.

"I'm glad you've seen each other naked before so you're comfortable." I commented as I looked up into their anxious eyes. "Now if you don't mind I really need to suck your cocks."

They stood shoulder to shoulder, hip to hip, and moaned as I took each lovely, throbbing nine-inch cock deep into my mouth and sucked it hard. I'd switch back and forth while stroking the other steadily, and they seemed to be loving it.

I deep-throated James, and he groaned in pleasure. I popped him out of my mouth and did the same for Vince with a similar reaction. I love doing more than one cock at once so I can enjoy adjusting my tongue and lips, and it thrills me how each one feels different deep in my throat. This was so nice.

I paused to look up at them and said, "This is great. You guys enjoying it?"

James replied, "Katie, Brian was right. You are fucking amazing."

"Thank you," I stated in all sincerity, then went back to switch sucking and swallowing every inch of these two gorgeous cocks.

They were groaning and complimenting me and I was loving every moment. Then I heard the strangest request ever. Vince asked, "You want some help?"

I paused, stunned, and looked up in surprise. "You're gay?"

"No. Not exactly. Not with anybody else." Vince stated defensively. "It's just that, once in a long while, James and I suck each other off."

Now, I'm open to just about any new experience, but this would be really different. "Sure. Might be fun."

Next thing I knew, Vince was on his knees beside me. He gave me a deep, intense kiss, then grabbed hold of James' impressive hard-on, stroked it and took it into his mouth. I'd never seen a guy suck cock other than in a porn movie before, so this was enlightening.

Lots of times I'd shared a cock with a girl kneeling beside me. To be sharing with a man was different and totally surreal. He was pretty fucking good at it, too. We switch sucked James for a while, and he was getting noticeably harder, approaching his orgasm. Vince looked up at him and asked, "Wanna switch?"

With minimal fuss James was now beside me, and we both switch sucked Vince. This was wild. Soon we could tell Vince was getting close to that special moment as well.

Suddenly we were surprised by someone trying to open the door. Good thing I'd thought to lock it. I could hear a man's voice saying this one was occupied and a lady giggling and saying they'd have to keep looking. I recognized the voices and laughed to myself. It was Jack and Heather.

They didn't totally interrupt our moment, and I was pretty sure both guys were ready. Now, it was all my turn.

"Guys, I want both of you to come in my mouth."

James quickly stood and began jerking his long, thick dick. Vince joined in and their dark purple cock heads pressed together as I opened my mouth wide like a hungry baby bird in the nest.

They stroked furiously and grunted at the same time as both shot ribbons of thick, white goo into my mouth. I love cum, and in a few seconds I had an over-flowing mouthful with streaks of hot, creamy jizz on my cheeks and chin.

I orgasmed intensely and I could feel my own juice running down the inside of my thighs. I swallowed everything they'd shot into my mouth, and it tasted so fucking good. Thick and buttery, and the nicest flavor.

I came in my soaking panties again.

I gave each of their dicks some long, slow sucks as they began to deflate. They used the supple heads of their cocks to coax the errant cum streaks off my face and chin and into my mouth so I could enjoy every drop. This was an excellent experience.

I started gently stroking and softly sucking their relaxing dicks, hoping they might quickly recover for another round. I love when that happens. James commented, "Holy fuck Katie, you suck cock so good."

"Cocks." I corrected him.

They laughed, then Vince said, "You know we should get back to the party, or someone's gonna catch on. Uh... a favor please."

"Anything." I replied.

"Well," he continued, "this is kind of a straight, couples oriented party, so maybe some things shouldn't be discussed outside this door."

I understood and nodded in agreement. "I promise, except for my husband. We have a no secrets policy. He won't tell anybody though. What are you going to say to the guys back at the pool table?"

"That you are amazing and that we had a good time." James answered politely.

I giggled and commented, "Well, that's lame. You could up-sell it a little more. I'm finding myself in the zone and ready for more. But, you're right, let's get back to the party."

I cautiously exited the bathroom first and made my way through the dancing throng to the bar for a refill. My panties were downright soaking. I should have brought some panty liners, or friggin' Depends to soak up all the wetness.

The bartender was a cute young man and quite flirty, although I found myself more attracted to the one lady server, who a real sweetie. Just thinking for now, but first I wanted to find Jack.

I wandered back to where he'd been hanging around with Mark and my sister and a few others, but he was nowhere to be found. A couple of minutes went by and suddenly he emerged from a hallway at the other end of the main party room. I knew what he'd been up from that certain familiar gleam in his eye.

He saw me, grabbed a fresh scotch from the bar then came over to give me a hug.

"Have fun?" I asked him.

He just smiled and nodded, clinked his glass with mine, then reached over and clinked Mark's as well. We'd been discrete, but there were no secrets here. Heather joined us in the next minute or so and she and I shared a deep, probing kiss.

"Jack was my first one of the evening." Heather whispered to me as we hugged.

"I'm already at three."

"Slut." Heather replied with a smile.

"I know." I said, and giggled as I gave her another tongue filled kiss.

"Fun party so far, hey?" Mark inquired of our little group, and we all nodded. I assumed he'd sadly been left out of the more intimate activities up to now.

Jack looked to be temporarily in mellow-town from Heather's BJ, but summoned up the energy to comment, "So, Katie, tell us how your pool game is going tonight."

I flashed a wide smile and stated, "Pretty good so far. I sunk a couple more."

"Already?" he asked, sounding surprised. "It's only like ten-thirty. You've been busy!"

"Well, you dared me." I commented loudly, hoping Mark and Heather would hear. "How about you join me at the pool table and we'll see what happens?"

"Sure. Why not," he remarked, then continued, "Heather, Mark, you guys into some billiards action?"

It was agreed and we all casually headed toward the gang playing pool. Jack didn't have to ask any questions. He simply gave me an inquisitive glance and I understood what he wanted to know.

"That's Brian on the end to the left there with the beer in his hand," I pointed out as we approached, "and in the middle there, that's James and Vince."

Jack looked at me with a raised eyebrow and an approving little smile, then quietly asked, "Together?"

"The two of them, yes. It was a really unique experience. I'll tell you all about it privately later."

We arrived at the table and I quickly proceeded with introductions. The single guys were noticeably on edge when I told them Jack was my husband, but he smoothed things over by explaining, "Guys, relax. Katie loves to do shit on a dare, and tonight I dared to have some fun. So... enjoy and don't sweat it."

We chatted and sipped our beverages. Heather commented, "I apologize. I was partly responsible for trying the bathroom door previously. I hope we didn't disturb anybody."

James eagerly raised his hand and said, "It was us, me and my cousin. No bother. You maybe startled us a second, but that didn't slow Katie down."

Mark interjected loudly, "Hey, what the hell! Am I the only one not gettin' anything here tonight?"

"Oh for Christ's sake, Mark!" Heather commented with a laugh. "If you want I'll take you to that same room and do you right now so you don't feel left out."

"Can I come too?" Brian asked, chuckling. I liked Brian. He was direct and not so shy. His timing seemed pretty good, too.

Heather quickly gave Brian the once over, smiled and said, "Let's go!" She grabbed Mark and Brian by the hand and quickly marched them toward that very bathroom. She wasn't making any effort to do so discretely, but as I looked around the room, it appeared everyone was well into the party mode and no-one noticed or cared.

Jack glanced around as well, and seemed to share my opinion that everyone else was engrossed in their own entertainment throughout the large room.

"Well, it looks like the table is open. Anyone here who hasn't played yet?" he asked.

Lee, Kirk and Johnny were the other three singles, and Lee reached for a cue stick and commented, "I could go for another game."

I laughed and said, "I don't think my husband was referring to pool, ya silly twit." Lee sheepishly rested the stick against the wall and I commented, "You know, Heather has selected a pretty spacious bathroom. I'd bet I can fit you three guys in there too."

"I wanna watch!" Jack stated emphatically.

"Vince and I will be here when you get back. Have fun." James commented with an amused smile.

So here we were, five of us walking across the floor together, heading toward the same bathroom. I checked over my shoulder, and I guess the effects of the open bar were taking hold. Again, nobody was looking our way, so we seemed to be in the clear.

The door was locked when we arrived. I knocked but Heather shouted back, "Go away. I'm busy."

I chuckled, cupped my hands to my mouth, pressed them against the door and shouted, "Open up, bee-atch. It's us."

In a moment the door opened a crack and I could see Heather's eyeball as she strained to see who was out here with me. The door opened a little wider as she assessed the group, and she said, "Nice. Come on in."

The room got a little crowded with eight of us in there, so Jack politely volunteered to stand in the big marble-tiled shower. It had full glass walls anyway so his view would be unobstructed and he could fulfill his wish to watch.

"Hope you don't mind that we've joined you, Heather." I stated, then facetiously asked, "Whatcha doin'?"

She smiled at me, sunk back onto her knees, grabbed hold of Mark and Brian's bouncing erections, laughed and said, "The usual. You know... suckin' cocks."

Then she urgently went back to work, bobbing her head furiously as she switch sucked her two guys while they moaned and trembled.

I decided to take my blouse and bra off. I wanted these guys to enjoy my big tits, plus I'd been lucky so far tonight with cum shots. With three guys, it could fly anywhere.

They were all gently but thoroughly checking out and squeezing my boobs. It felt so nice. I instructed, "Boys. Pants."

They quickly responded as three pairs of jeans and boxers were soon enveloping their ankles.

I enjoyed having them continue to scrutinize my titties as I stroked their cocks and massaged their balls.

"Very nice!" I commented and I could feel a surge of wet heat in my panties again.

I loved to suck a cock and give it my undivided attention. Switch sucking two was really nice as well, and absolutely thrilling. More than once I'd taken on four at a time. It's a lot of work because there's always one left out. I've only got the two hands and one mouth.

Doing three at a time is perfect. I can keep a rhythm going with them, and apply just the right amount of suction or stroking as necessary so the guys are all ready to blast off pretty much simultaneously.

I was just about to drop to my knees when my thoughtful husband stepped in and placed a nicely folded towel on the floor so I had a cushion. He slid one in front of Heather as well, and she briefly paused her action and nodded to give him a thank you.

Here I was on my knees in one of my most favorite positions ever. Suck one, stroke two, then alternate and keep them all excited as I worked them toward orgasm. This was six new cocks tonight. They all let me enjoy their throbbing hardness, and they were all going to reward me with their hot cum.
