 Greta Simpson is the matronly proprietor of "Fancy Pants" lingerie boutique.

I had been one of Greta's regular customers since she opened three years ago. I frequently purchased a sexy negligee, bra or some flimsy panties to spice up my sex life.

Her stuff was not cheap, I could spend $85 on a bra, but it would be sensational.

Each year shortly before Valentine's Day Greta has a gentlemen's night. She keeps the shop open until midnight and has two or three gals model items for male customers only, boyfriends and husbands buying their woman a gift. The small shop is usually wall-to-wall with guys.

This year Greta surprised me asking if I would be one of her models? She said if I agreed I could pick out any outfit for myself in payment.

Several of her ensembles sold for two hundred dollars! I told her to put me down as one of her girls.

I never mentioned my modeling assignment to my hubby who I didn't think would be too sympathetic about me prancing in almost nothing in front of a bunch of strangers.

The night of the show finally arrived and I showed up at Fancy Pants an hour early as Greta asked. The shop was closed in preparation for the fashion show. 

I met Greta's husband Bert who had tagged along to help. Bert was a kindly man, in his early sixties as was his wife. In addition to Bert there was another woman sales clerk and my two fellow models.

Dianne was sitting in front of the dresser mirror wearing only a pair of panties oblivious to Bert's presence. She was an early twenties brunette with small breasts and a petite figure.

Also milling around in only panties was Donna. Donna was a hard-looking buxom blonde pushing forty. Donna's boobs were huge, appeared to be about 40DD with 3" pink nipples.

"Why don't you try some things on and get your size?" Greta suggested.

Self-consciously I began to remove my street clothes I had arrived in.

I was aware of Bert watching me as I disrobed. First my slacks came off and then my sweater and finally my bra. I stood before him in a pair of white bikinis and a forced smile.

I soon become accustom to being almost naked in front of these strangers and went about trying on various outfits. By the time door-opening time arrived I was right into it.

"O.K. ladies, time for the panties to come off!" Greta announced before allowing the customers to enter.

Everyone knew the guys came to see what they could and we were to spice it up by not hiding anything! I had carefully shaved that afternoon and my pussy was thoroughly bald. Bert's eyes were locked on me as I peeled of my knickers and donned my first outfit.

There were at least half-a-dozen early birds waiting to get in when Greta opened the door. I had selected a floor-length white transparent negligee as my welcoming number. It concealed nothing and my bare breasts and bald pussy were clearly visible through the filmy material. Dianne and Donna wore equally revealing outfits.

Soon the shop was a madhouse of activity. Try this on, try that on, the requests were endless. The small change room was hopelessly overburdened so we begin changing outfit right in the store with the customers watching us remove one outfit to put on another. 

Greta had furnished a wine and cheese table for the customers' enjoyment. Several glasses of Chardonnay had been handed to me, which I had hastily downed to get on with my task.

Soon everyone was getting jovial and the touching began. It was casual at first and became more deliberate, groping my breasts and caressing my ass cheeks. I ignored it as part of the atmosphere.

Meeting no resistance fingers begin blatantly entering my pussy for a feel. I laughed it off as part of the show,

It was getting late and more strangers had seen and touched my body than ever before in my life.

Bert approached me. "I am going to lock up but some of us are going to stay to party." He informed me, "Would you stay?" 

I knew my husband would be fast asleep by now and I was enjoying being the center of attention, no need to hurry home.

"Sure!" I smiled.

Bert cleared out the non-invitees. Dianne also wisely chooses to leave. The door was locked with a dozen guys, Greta and Donna and I remaining.

"Time to get down and dirty!" Bert sneered.

What had I gotten into? I had the distinct impression I was about to get fucked, by more than one man!

I felt very vulnerable. All I was wearing was a crimson bustier with garters holding up black fishnets. My pussy was completely exposed.

It was a middle age dude who took me first. He had been ogling and poking me all night. He backed me into a corner and I felt his cockhead spreading my pussy lips.

One push and my cunt opened for him allowing his to slide into my waiting fuck hole. All the activity of the night had caused me to be quite wet so he must have felt welcomed.

He filled his hands with my bare ass cheeks and pulled me onto his cock like a glove. I emitted a soft moan as I was overcome with the sensation of being filled. I felt my cunt involuntarily twitch, as he possessed me. 

It had been over a week since my husband had given me a good pounding and I was ready. My hips began to gyrate gripping the cockmeat in me.

I glanced across the room and saw Donna looking after two guys. She was on the floor getting it "doggy" from one guy with her mouth full of Bert's cock. Greta was in the corner with her massive tits hanging out slobbering over a pair of cocks.

The first guy got the easy one making me cum in record short time.

"Oh fuck yes!" I cried as I felt him ejaculate into me. 

We remained locked together motionlessly as I savored his balls draining into me.

There were two more waiting when the first guy's cock plopped out of my pussy. One was a big bastard that looked like a pro footballer. He picked my up right off the floor and lowered me onto his dick. My weight caused me to slide down burying is cock deep inside of my drenched pussy. I was skewed on his pecker like a side of beef.

The second guy was behind me poking my asshole with his pickle-stabber. I felt his wet fingertip opening my sphincter to allow him into my dirt-chute. The head snuck in and then he just rammed my ass full of cock. It must have been quite a picture, me hanging from two cocks!

Oh God so much cock me! They started to move like two live animals in me separated only by the thin wall between my cunt and bowels. I had never been so turned on in my life. I cried for mercy as the cock in my ass reamed and stretched me to unbelievable limits. 

I was making so much noise the others had stopped to watch me being D.P.'d in the middle of the store. The guy in my ass had busily unfastened the hooks down the back of the bustier and allowed it to open and fall away from my body in an avalanche of tits. I was the center of attention now, naked save for my stockings, impaled on two hard cocks that were stretching my holes beyond belief. 

We came in a rapid chain, cocks erupting hot jism into my cunt and asshole whilst I creamed in an orgasm unlike any that could be experienced with only one cock. It was beautiful. 

It was after 2 am when Greta finally locked up the shop that night. She said it had been one of the best Sweethearts' Nights she had ever had.

Greta suggested she have a "special night" every month so her customers could sample the new merchandise. Of course she would need her "star model"!