 Gidday. This is not just a story. This is an answer to all the guys out there who ask me which of my stories are real and which are fantasies. Well, the simple answer is that all of them are fantasies - but I am lucky enough that they are also either real or reality based. Don't we all want to live out our fantasies? The Christmas Eve and Oral Sex with Grant stories are fair dinkum, true blue, honest truth. There has been a little toning down if anything (can't shock all the readers with exact details!). My interview with a Nympho story was a different way of me expressing what is a reality in my life. Hey, I AM highly sexed and I AM hard to please. I love all the things I mentioned in my story so really it is a true story. Kinda, sorta...

Now I am sure most readers want to know what other truths I am going to share on this site. Well, today I am going to fill you in on my most intimate (and usually secret) fantasy. One which has yet to be fulfilled because I just haven't found the right guy. No - I don't need offers thankyou! :) 

My perfect day would start with a guy waking beside me and gently caressing me awake. He would commence by gently massaging my breasts with the tips of his fingers. Gradually, his hand would travel further south to my pussy and I would awaken to the gentle touch of his hand pushing against my wet and puffy lips. My breasts would be alive with sensation and my body would be screaming out for the attention of a man. The dream guy would roll over on top of me and change from gentle to just the right amount of aggressor. A slow but insistent pressure until his wonderful cock was pushing as far as it could inside me; hitting my cervix but not pounding too hard against it. After my first orgasm, he would get quite forceful and basically fuck my brains out. Changing position at least twice, the event would last somewhere between 20 and 40 minutes. That would be enough to give me some relief - but just not enough to satisfy me fully.

As soon as the dream guy finishes his wakeup fucking, he would give me his plans for the day. It would all be organised, just needing me to be free for a day to follow his plans. Man, this perfect guy knows all the things I love and knows how to keep me on edge enough to want it. Phew!

"Beth" he would say, "we are going to be spending the day together. We are going out and you will wear what I want you to wear, do what I want you to do, and be just how I want you to be." 

"Yes, sure!" would be my eager response. Fuck, I would be turned on just by the thought!

The day starts with dreamboat picking out something for me to wear. I imagine it would be a skirt that hides enough to be decent but is easy to remove or to slip under or through. My top would be almost sheer and I would wear a sexy bra to support my perky but quite full breasts. No panties at all and a nice pair of high heel shoes that match the outfit. Nothing too slutty but sexy all the same. 

We would go to the local shopping centre and dreamboat would lull me into a sense of security and make me believe there was nothing to happen for a while. We would look at clothes for him, clothes for me and just generally do some window shopping. Then, when I least expect it, he would drag me into the fitting rooms of the department store and grab my pussy under my skirt. 

"Ssh..." he would whisper. "You have to be very quiet."

He knows that it is incredibly hard for me to be quiet. I usually end up with a bitten lip or a mouth full of pillow when I try to stay quiet. My body responds on its own and I don't have a lot of control. Close to orgasm I forget where and who I am. My body shudders and shakes and my mind is lost totally in what my body is feeling. A warm blush travels from my groin right up to my eyes and right down to my toes. My skin feels like it is tingling and my pussy pulses and explodes with wet wonderful juice. Trying to contain that feeling by not digging my finger nails in or by trying to remain silent is like a harness that reduces the intensity of the orgasm. This is not too much of a drama if I know that it is only preliminary sex but I will always need the full release later on.

Anyway, he fucks me in the fitting rooms of the store and I am quiet. I cum a few times but each time I just manage to bite my lip and moan quietly instead of screaming my pleasure to the world. God knows what the staff of the store would do if they knew!

After the department store we go grocery shopping. Dreamboat ensures that we buy cucumbers, carrots and all manner of things that I can imagine may be used later for a reason different to food. He is such a tease! We leave the grocery store and drive to a local park. Hand in hand we walk through the park (I have taken off the high heels and am barefoot at this stage). We smile and laugh and watch the other people having a normal day out. It all feels good and family like. Although I am wondering just when, where and how this guy is going to take me, he surprises me even more by simply leading me back to the car after an hour or so. No sexual contact? What is going on?

We arrive home and put the groceries away. I wonder why the day has slowed and consider asking but know that I am not supposed to question anything this day. In fact, I would most likely spoil a surprise or kill the mood if I was anything but the submissive person that dreamboat expects. Of course, the suspense of the mood is killing me and my pussy still hasn't gone into complete relaxation mode. I yearn for his touch (or my own).

Just as I feel that he is going to give up on the sex thing, I notice that the video he is putting on is not a normal movie. It is one of my favorite porn videos that stars a lovely blonde woman, a brunette with fabulous tits and a couple of guys who are no doubt rated 10 out of 10 by most women. The girls are also the perfect ten but rather than put me off, this excites me all the more. I like a little lesbian action and, on occasion, a little male to male action too. Variety is the spice of life I believe.

Casually, my dream man will walk up to me as I eye off the movie and ask me to remove my clothes. I will casually release my skirt over my hips, slide it sensually over my ass and let it drop to the floor. My top would find its way over my head and my bra would be dropped off each shoulder before the clasp is released freeing my excited breasts. I can hear his breath catching in his throat as each part of my body is exposed to his eyes.

Before I get a chance to move, he has grabbed me roughly and given me the most passionate and sensual kiss ever. His hands slide over my butt and pull me close to him. I can feel his manhood pressing though his pants and against my body. All I can think is how much I want that cock inside me! Of course, that is not to happen so easily. He catches my arms and pulls me to the ground, securing my hands to the handcuffs on the couch legs. I hadn't noticed them until now - they had been very nicely hidden by a couple of stray cushions. 

Dreamboat now removes his clothes, bit by fucking teasing bit. I am so desperate for touch and he knows it. His top slides off revealing his firm and muscled (but not too hard) chest. His pants drop to the floor and I discover that he has had no underwear on all day. His hard and obviously throbbing cock stands up on end and I ache to take it in my mouth. He can see my desperation and smiles. 

"No baby" he croons. "Not yet."

You can feel the tension in the air. I want that man so badly it is just as well I am restrained. I would throw him to the ground and fuck his brains out if I could! No foreplay required. Just the mood that he had set in the room. Goddamn!

Dreamboat can see the need in my eyes so he slides down to the floor next to me and kisses me with a gentle yet insistent passion. I wrap my legs around his body and try to manipulate that cock inside of me. Still, he hesitates. I moan softly and he appeases me by caressing me with his hand. First one finger slips inside of me and then another. Still, I want more. He manoeuvres a third finger in and I start to moan with the pleasure he is giving. Just as I am about to orgasm for the first time he forces the fourth finger in and fucks me with his hand. I can't contain myself and I scream out in joy as my orgasm hits the crescendo. Fuck! What a man!

After my shaking has subsided, dream man shakes his head and tells me what a naughty girl I am. He hasn't had any release for hours and I am a selfish little tart. Demurely, I agree with his thoughts but I also mention that with my hands restrained, I don't have much of a chance to show my appreciation for his efforts. Manipulated by my womanly guiles, he releases me so that I can give what I promised.

I love sucking cocks. In fact, it gives me almost as much pleasure as being played with. I can actually orgasm whilst playing with a guy's dick and balls and yet nothing is touching my body at all. I just get off on the pleasure I am giving. Most men can't help but give a moan or some sort of physical reaction to the gentle pressure of my mouth and tongue on their cock and balls. A little touch, a more forceful tongue. A slight (very slight) threat of teeth. An obvious enjoyment of what I am doing as my lips slide up and down, tongue moving from side to side. I can usually tell when a guy is getting close to cumming and I stop my caressing there. Don't want them to finish too soon or my pleasure is not complete!

Dreamboat is just about to cum now. I gradually move away from his cock, sliding my mouth up his body, past his nipples and up to his mouth. My pussy is inches away from his cock and I want him so much! Surely he can't stop me now? No, I win. I manage to get his cock inside me before he can say no and with him on his back, fuck him for just a few minutes until his balls can't stand any more. He cums with such gusto that I feel like my cervix is about to explode from the pressure. God that feels good!

A little disappointed that I have manipulated the situation, dream guy pulls away after the moment and calls me a naughty girl. He puts me back in the handcuffs and makes me stay there for about 30 minutes as he goes to shower etc. I continue to watch the movie and wish I could reach my pussy to masturbate. Goddamn the movie makes me hot!

By now, it is time to eat lunch. I get released on the promise that I don't exceed the restrictions I am given. They are not to ask for, suggest in any way or attempt any sexual conduct whilst not in the restraints. To make sure I agree, my collar is put on to remind me of my submissive state. I am also allowed a gown to cover my nakedness as no sex is planned for the next little while.

After another hour or so, I am surprised by a knock at the door. My dream man lets in a friend of mine whom I have had a past sexual relationship with. She is a knockout. Nice tits, fabulous arse and a really wicked sense of fun. Man - this is almost too much for me! She smiles as she notices the collar around my neck and whispers to dreamboat. He nods and they sit together on one of the sofas. I stay where I am across the room, not sure what is to happen and what part I am to play. 

Just as I am about to ask what is happening, there is another knock at the door. I am stunned this time as the door opens and it is a great looking guy that I have never met before in my life. He is dressed in leather and greets my girlfriend by name as he takes in the room at a glance. I can't take my eyes of his incredible body and my mind is racing wondering where this is all going. It must be sexual or my dream guy would have let me change into proper clothes earlier in the day. 

Again, I am just about to open my mouth to question what is going on when my girlfriend comes over and kneels in front of me. 

"Are you excited?" she asks.

"I guess so." I answer. "A little confused and just a tad nervous."

She smiles and reassures me that nothing bad will happen and that I will be able to stop things at anytime using the usual safe word. This makes me feel a lot better and my pussy relaxes and starts to get moist again.

The dream man and the perfect body come over then and I am introduced to the stranger. He looks me straight in the eye as he talks to me, not demeaning me at all by ogling my body. I know my breasts can be seen struggling against the fabric of the gown so it is impressive that they are not the focal point. Of course, it is also a little disconcerting as I am used to men wanting what they see.

The action starts quicker than I anticipate. While I am looking at perfect body I didn't notice that dreamboat and my girlfriend have gotten naked and are kissing and caressing one another. The body sits down beside me and we watch the show in front of us for a little bit. I rest my hand on the fellow's leg and he has his hand gently playing with my hair and the back of my neck. The temperature seems to be getting a lot warmer in the room so my gown slides down one shoulder and exposes a breast. Perfect body leans over and runs his lips and tongue over my shoulder and across to nuzzle the exposed nipple. All thought of watching the other two now disappears and I reach around to take this man into my arms. His clothes quickly removed, I run my fingers across his chest and through the lovely smattering of hair that runs down his belly to his groin. Incredibly erotic!

PB and I are so hot now that with one little twist he has my body positioned correctly so he can jam his cock inside of me and make me cum in the one instant. My scream of joy seems to startle the other two and I notice them pull apart and come closer. My girlfriend leans over us and gives me a beautiful kiss. Her saliva tastes a little metallic so I know she is aroused. As her tongue passes by my lips I reach out and pull her down closer so that I can play with one of her breasts while I am still being fucked. Another orgasm and the fucking stops. I continue kissing and caressing the breasts that are so close to me and then my hand travels to her pussy. I can smell her excitement and want more than anything to taste and touch that incredible pussy. 

As my friend pulls away, I notice the guys are getting a drink and watching us. This gives me all the incentive I need to get aggressive and push my pal onto her back. I bury my face in her pussy and lick and suck with gusto. The taste is exquisite and the reaction her body is giving shows she is enjoying what I do. I slide a finger inside her as I continue to mouth her clit and I can see she is close to cumming in a big way. I let another finger loose and get more insistent with the licking and nuzzling. Her moans get louder and more insistent and then, just as I think my job is nearly done, a cock slides inside of me and my hair is used to pull my head up out of its place at her pussy. She screams in frustration but it is okay, the other guy is there to fuck her and finish the job I started. 

Both guys are enjoying what they are doing and my cunt starts to pulsate. My temperature rises and I can feel that awesome blush creeping across my entire body. I don't want this to stop! Happily, both the girlfriend and I are allowed to cum and the boys then finish off with groans of pleasure from each of them. 

"Are you satisfied now?" my dream man asks.

"Yes" I reply. "More so now than I have been in a long while."

I am so exhausted that I don't need dinner. All of my visitors go home and I am left to relax in a lovely warm bath. Bubbles cover me and I soak off all of the sweat and evidence of a wonderful day.