 Almost two weeks had passed since Rick had given me an unforgettable twenty-first birthday present. I enjoyed the sex with Kenny even though it was a little bit uncomfortable. I was still pissed at the way he’d gone about it. I’d really wanted just the two of us to spend the evening together. Fulfilling my favorite fantasy and Rick’s should have come at some other time. Maybe I’d start fulfilling the rest of my fantasies without Rick’s help, just to teach him a lesson.

I was considering joining one of those health clubs near the office where I worked. I was always in great shape; I just wanted to stay that way. I’d noticed a lot of women in my office were slightly overweight and seemed tired most of the time. I could just picture myself a few years from now falling apart, getting fat and lazy. I did a little research on what the clubs had to offer and their costs. Although they offered a lot of exercise options and routines, it came at a pretty hefty price. Rick and I had just purchased our new home and we still didn’t have it all furnished. Maybe I should consider other ways to stay in shape or maybe just take up jogging. I wasn’t sure.

I mentioned the local health clubs to some of the girls at the office. One of the girls, Katy, mentioned her brother had a home exercise system he wanted to sell. He was going through a divorce and the apartment he was moving too didn’t have room for it. A home exercise system wasn’t something I’d even thought of. I asked her if she knew anything about it but she didn’t. Katy did offer to call him and find out the details and the asking price. I thanked her for offering to find out for me. That afternoon, Katy called me over to her cubicle. She had her brother on the phone and asked if I wanted to talk with him about the exercise equipment. I figured it couldn’t hurt. I didn’t really know what to ask him so I just asked him to tell me about it. Well, it was a lot more than I expected. He gave me the brand name and model number and said I could see a picture of it on the manufacturer’s website. He said the price was almost half the cost of a new unit. He gave me his phone number in case I wanted to call him back if I was interested.

Katy had pulled up the manufacturer’s website and searched their products. We found the home exercise system her brother had and brought it up on the monitor. It was one of those multi-station systems, which utilized weights instead of rubber bands. It looked like it would take up quite a bit of room. I’d have to keep it out in the garage if I bought it. Katy’s brother was right about the cost of a new unit plus the shipping charges were additional. Katy printed out the picture along with the information so I could take it back to my cubicle. I wanted to think it over a little. The more I looked at the picture and information versus my options, the more interested I became. I decided to phone Katy’s brother and see when I could take a look at it. I managed to get in touch with him later that afternoon. He was going to be gone out of town the rest of the week, returning late Friday evening. We agreed on an appointment for early Saturday afternoon.

I told Katy about going to see the home exercise system Saturday afternoon. She hoped I buy it, since her brother really needed the money to pay on all the legal fees. That evening at dinner, I mentioned to Rick about looking at the home exercise system. He seemed alright with the idea but suggested I try to get the guy down more on the price.

“If he’s hurting for money.” Rick stated. “He might be willing to come down on the price in order to get his hands on some fast cash.”

I’m not much of a bargainer but I’d at least ask the guy if he was willing to come down a little. Our money situation was tight too, so I needed to be thrifty. 

Saturday morning, I ran several errands, watching my time so I could still make the long drive across town to Katy’s brother. Rick was going to work most of the day at a jobsite but he’d left his truck for me to drive in case I bought the exercise equipment. I decided to wear a midriff top and a pair of white shorts, hoping I could distract him enough to get the guy to come down on his price. The midriff top came well below my breasts but left a lot of bare skin between it and my shorts. The shorts were a little shorter than what I’d usually wear in public. They barely covered the cheeks of my butt. I thought about changing them but time was running a little close. It took me about half an hour to drive across town to the address I was given. 

I pulled into the driveway, noticing several cars already parked there. I walked the pathway to the front of the house and knocked on the door. Katy’s brother, Tony answered the door. I’d say he was in his early thirties with very dark hair and quite handsome. He was wearing jeans and a polo shirt. He opened the door and I introduced myself. He smiled and invited me in. I could hear voices coming from the back of the house, men’s voices. Two men came from the kitchen, down the hallway towards us. One of the guys was quite tall with a slender build. He smiled and Tony introduced him, Chuck was his name. The other man, a muscular black man was standing behind Chuck. Tony introduced him as Jerrod. I shook hands with both of the guys. 

“Well, I’ve got the exercise system out in the garage.” Tony stated. “It was too big to fit in any of the bedrooms.”

Tony walked me past the men towards the kitchen and out into the garage. My first reaction was that it was way too much for just me. It looked so much bigger in person than it did in the picture. I walked all around it, stepping past some cardboard boxes containing the weights that went with it. I was very impressed with the system but I was having second thoughts about buying anything so large. Tony demonstrated the system and handed me a brochure on the machine. He also had several exercise books that went with it. 

“Wow, it’s a lot bigger than I thought!” I exclaimed. “I’d have to keep it in our garage if I bought it!”

Tony had me sit down on the bench and try some of the features the system offered. I really liked how smooth everything worked and how well it was constructed. Tony mentioned it disassembled and set back up fairly easy. I was enjoying it the more I played around on it. I stood up and checked it over again. I decided to see if I could get Tony to come down on his price. Tony was sitting on the bench; I could tell he was checking me out. I walked around then stood right in front of him, striking somewhat of a sexy pose.

“Would you be willing to come down on your price if I paid in cash?” I asked him, smiling.

“I would if I could but I’d hate myself if I let it go any cheaper.” Tony answered.

“Hmmmm……I’d probably better talk it over with my husband and see what he says.” I stated. 

I hoped he might give me a better price if he thought I was going to leave without buying it. He didn’t act like he was going to budge though. 

“You wouldn’t consider coming down $100 would you?” I asked him.

Tony smiled, looking up at me. “I might come down $200 if you really want this system!”

“$200!” I asked, confused. “Why would you come down that much?”

Tony didn’t say anything. Grinning, he just put his hand on the back of my leg and brushed up and down. I realized he was expecting me to make up the difference with something other than money. His insinuation came very unexpected. I wasn’t sure what to do next. Tony kept rubbing his hand up and down my leg. I looked towards the closed door to the kitchen.

“Well, what’s it going to be?” Tony asked callously. “You want to make up the difference?”   

“I‘m not sure exactly what you‘re getting at.” I managed to say. 

Tony got up from the exercise machine. He put his hand on my butt and pulled me close to him. 

“What I’m getting at………...if you want me to knock off $200, you’ll need to make up the difference with a little action in the bedroom.” Tony stated boldly.

He leaned down and kissed me softly but passionately for several minutes. I was out of breath by the time he released my lips. I took a deep breath, remembering his two friends standing in the kitchen.

“OK.” I mumbled. “I’m willing.”

Tony put his arm at my waist and guided me towards the door to the kitchen. We entered, seeing the two men leaning against the kitchen counter. Chuck and Jerrod were drinking beer and talking sports.

“You guys want to help get the exercise machine loaded in her truck?” Tony asked. “Stacy and I need to finalize the deal.”

Chuck and Jerrod put their beer down and walked past us to the garage. Tony waited till they were out in the garage before motioning me down a long hallway towards the bedroom. I walked ahead of him feeling his eyes staring at my ass. We walked to the end of the hallway, entering the master bedroom. I noticed a patio door along one wall. Tony walked over and pulled the drape across it, shutting out the light and affording us complete privacy. I put my purse down on the dresser and took out the money to pay for the exercise machine. I could hear the two men disassembling the system in the garage. I handed Tony the money, my hand trembling slightly.

Tony took the money, folded it and stuck it in his jeans. He pulled his polo shirt off and tossed it on the dresser next to my purse. I stood there motionless, watching him get undressed. Tony took his jeans off, leaving him in just his briefs. I could see by their bulge, Tony was well endowed. I stared at him for a moment, my eyes fixed on his muscular chest and arms. Tony leaned back against the dresser waiting for me to do something.

“Why don’t you slip off your clothes?” He said softly. “I can’t wait to see you stark ass naked.”

His words, although harsh, turned me on for some reason. I sat on the bed and slipped my sneakers and socks off. My hands were shaking as I unbuttoned my midriff top. I took it off, tossing it on the floor. I reached around behind me and unzipped the shorts. Tony was smiling, almost grinning. I pushed the shorts down my legs and stepped out of them. I could hear Chuck and Jerrod out in the garage. I wanted to wait until I was sure they’d left before getting in bed with Tony. I wanted to stall but Tony was getting impatient. He walked towards me slowly.

“Stacy, don’t stop now.” He said. “Let’s see the rest of it.”

“Maybe we should wait till your friends have left.” I muttered, nervously. 

Tony looked back towards the open bedroom door then walked over and closed it part way. He looked back towards me standing in my panties and bra. I unhooked the bra sliding it down my arms and tossing it with the rest of my clothes. 

“Turn around.” Tony ordered, grinning. “I want a good look at that hot little ass of yours.”

I turned around slowly, facing away from him. My white thong accentuated my ass. I could hear Tony’s breathing getting deeper and more rapid as he approached me. I turned back around to face him. Tony pulled me close to him, kissing me hard and passionately. My breasts were crushed against his muscular chest, his cock pressed tightly against me. Tony was a fantastic kisser; I practically melted in his arms. Tony reached down between us, his hand brushing across the thin material covering my pussy. I gasped at his first intimate touch. Tony’s tongue slipped between my lips, sliding across my tongue. He pressed it hard against my tongue making it respond. I felt my legs quivering as he continued to rub his hand over my pussy. I needed him to fuck me and fuck me hard.

Tony stepped back from me, his hands at my waist pulling my panties down. I kicked them off when they dropped to my ankles. Tony’s brushed across my trimmed pubic hair with the back of his hand. My pussy was so wet and so hot, so fucking hot! Tony laid me down across the bed, his lips at my neck, kissing me softly. I felt his strong hands fondling my breasts, his thumbs grazing over my already erect nipples. I relaxed as Tony’s lips made their way down to my breasts. He kissed my breasts, gently sucking on my nipples. My breasts were heaving as I breathed deeper and more rapidly. Tony worked my breasts over, my nipples hurting just a little from his sucking.

Tony’s hand slipped down across the mound of my pussy, his middle finger slipping down between the swollen lips. He ran his finger up and down the slit making me moan deeper and deeper. My ass lifted up off the bed, my legs spreading slightly as he worked his finger inside me. I wished it were his cock he was working inside me! I couldn’t stand too much more of his teasing. Tony raised himself to a kneeling position beside my spread legs. He pulled my legs far apart and kissed my clit, nibbling it with his lips. I came almost immediately, my body convulsing.

“Ohhhhhhhhhhhh Godddddddddddddd………….Ohhhhhhhhhh” I cried out.

Tony kept teasing my clit till I came a second time but not as hard as my first orgasm. My butt rested back down on the coolness of the sheets. Tony got up off the bed and pulled down his briefs, revealing his huge cock. It was long and thick with a mushroom shaped head. I wanted to reach out and pull it to me. Tony lifted my legs to his waist, slipping his hand between them to his hard fucking cock. My pussy was so wet; he had no problem penetrating me. As soon as the head of his cock entered my hot pussy I started to fuck down on it. I couldn’t wait for him to slip it all the way deep inside me. Tony stroked it all the way in, his balls slapping against my ass. I gripped his arms as tight as I could. I bucked against him as he drove his hard rod hard into my wanton pussy. His pelvis slammed between my legs with long hard strokes. I wiggled my ass teasing his cock and my pussy at the same time. I came in a matter of a few minutes, Tony’s cock still pounding into me, not missing a beat.

“Arggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhh………..Fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkk” I screamed. 

Tony fucked me with all his strength, his body slamming hard into me. Tony moaned aloud as he shot his hot, sticky load to the depths of my pussy. I felt his cock pulsate as he shot the rest of his spewing cum. Tony held himself up off me with his strong arms. They were shaking in my hands as I tried to hold him steady. Tony stayed motionless for a few minutes before slowly pulling his spent cock out of my pussy. We were both breathing hard. We fought to regain our normal breathing. I managed to get out from between his arms and make my way to the bathroom. Tony was still kneeling on the bed. I cleaned myself up and straightened my hair a little. I checked myself in the mirror before going back into the bedroom.

Tony wasn’t in the bedroom. I assumed he’d gone down the hallway to another bathroom. Chuck and Jerrod were standing in the doorway, grinning. It was senseless to try and cover myself; they’d already seen me naked. I didn’t really care either. I walked over towards my clothes lieing next to the bed. I picked up my panties, they were still wet. 

“Don’t be in such a hurry, Miss!” Jerrod exclaimed. “We’ve got plenty of time to party.”

I froze at his statement. I had fantasized about having sex with two guys, but not three guys! I just stood there holding my panties, not making a move to put them on. Chuck came towards me and pulled them out of my hand, tossing them back on the pile of clothes. Jerrod was quickly stripping his clothes off. I looked at him, noticing Tony coming back down the hallway. He had a beer in his hand, grinning. He looked at Jerrod getting ready to fuck me.

“Take it easy with her man!” Tony exclaimed. “She got one tight little pussy!”

Jerrod approached me, his massive cock jutting out at me. Just seeing his hard, black cock got my juices flowing again. I climbed back on the bed and spread my legs wide, offering my pussy up to him. Jerrod climbed between my legs, stroking his hard cock slowly up and down.

“You really want some of this, Missy?” He quipped, his face smiling.

“Yes, fuck me……………fuck me hard!” I begged.

Jerrod pushed the swollen head of his hard cock inside my pussy. I grabbed his arms pulling him closer, trying to make him slide his cock all the way inside me. Jerrod pulled back, shaking my arms free. He brought my legs up and spread them wide. I thought he was going to break me apart. Jerrod slowly teased my hot pussy with his long, black shaft. He worked it in slowly, gyrating his hips. I closed my eyes, feeling the pleasure wave over my body. Jerrod fucked his cock deep inside me, his large balls pressing against my ass. He pulled his cock almost all the way out before slowly fucking his shaft back into me. Jerrod ground his pelvis against my pussy, rubbing my clit. His thick cock was stretching my pussy to its limit. I could feel my pussy sucking on his cock as he fucked me hard. I grit my teeth fighting off an orgasm, making it build more. I held off as long as I could. Jerrod was about to come. He fucked me so hard; my body was scooting off the bed. I let my body take over, a massive orgasm consumed me.

“OHHHHHHHHHHHHHH………FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKK” I screamed out as I came violently with Jerrod. 

Jerrod’s body trembled and then collapsed on top of me. My shoulders were hanging over the side of the bed. Jerrod rolled off, stretching out along side me. Chuck lifted me back up on the bed before I slid off onto the floor. It had been one, wild fuck! Tony propped me up, handing me his cold beer. I took a big swallow of it, almost choking. I felt Jerrod’s cum running out of my pussy, onto the sheets. 

I’d fulfilled another of my fantasies, fucking two guys. I had one more guy to take care of, maybe I should say, take care of me. Chuck was pulling his tight boxers off. I could see his cock was already hard and he wasn’t wasting any time coming towards me.

“Wait, wait, give me a break!” I begged. 

Jerrod rolled off the bed and left the bedroom, going down the hallway. Chuck got on the bed and propped himself up against the headboard of the bed. He held his long, slender cock waving it in my face. I caught my breath then put my mouth over the head of his cock. I teased the head of his cock with my tongue, slowly stroking his slender shaft. I sucked on it easy, sliding down on it as much as I could. Chuck held the back of my head lightly, not forcing me down on him. I pulled my mouth off his hard cock and licked up and down the hard shaft. I slipped my hand down over his balls, massaging them gently. I flicked my tongue all over his cock, teasing him, hoping to make him cum. I wanted Chuck to cum in my mouth so I kept licking near the head of his cock.

“Hey Chuck!” Tony exclaimed. “Bet Stacy here could use one of your special treatments!” 

I looked up at Tony, not knowing what he meant. I released Chuck’s cock as he got up off the bed and headed to the bathroom. Jerrod came back into the bedroom and stood next to Tony. They grinned at each other. I lay there on the bed not knowing what they were grinning about. I was sure it involved me though. Chuck came back out of the bathroom; he’d put on a condom. He had a bottle of baby oil in his hand. My pussy was sore from Tony and Jerrod’s hard fucking. I hoped the lubricant would keep it from getting any sorer.

“Stacy, roll over on your tummy.” Chuck ordered, his face serious.

I rolled onto my tummy and spread my legs out, lifting myself up off the bed slightly. Chuck got between my legs and shoved a pillow underneath my hips. I looked around to see what Chuck was doing. He took the bottle of baby oil and poured some along his hard, slender cock. Jerrod was standing directly in front of me. He eased my head down to the sheets, then put both his hands on my shoulders. Tony climbed on the bed; I could see him kneeling at my side. I couldn’t see Chuck but I could tell he was between my spread legs. Tony put his large hands on my ass and spread my cheeks apart as much as he could without hurting me. I felt the head of Chucks cock at my ass. Oh God! Chuck was going to fuck me in the ass!
