 My husband and I had discussed our sexual fantasies in the past. We had even tried a threesome once with another man and it just did not work. My husband and I both wanted to try again. This time though I wanted to try it differently. I had discussed things with my husband in advance and he agree to all of them. 

First thing, I would not know who he was to choose for this experience ahead of time. He would chose the person, date and place of where the events took place. 

Second, I would be blindfolded through the entire sexual experience. 

Third, we would have a safe word in case I felt it went too far. Our safe word was to be red. 

We also agreed toys could be used if wanted, as could restraints of any kind. 

We discussed this and left it at that. There was to be no more talk of it as we had laid the rules. I did not want to worry or think about when it could happen. I wanted to be fully surprised. 

Friday night we decided to go to dinner. It would just be us for the night. He came home from work with a present in his hand. I was surprised. He told me he wanted me to wear it to dinner. I opened it up and found a vibrator that you wear. Also has a small little remote with it. I looked at him. 

He told me he wanted me to wear it to dinner and he would control it while we were there. I was surprised he even thought of it. I hurried to the bedroom and put it on under my skirt. I could not wait to head out to dinner. 

I walked back into the living room and suddenly felt vibrations on my clit. I jumped a little in surprise as it wasn't too intense. He smiled when he saw me jump. He told me I would have to be more discrete in public. He came over and wrapped his hands around my face, pulled me in and kissed me. I could feel myself getting turned on. 

We headed out to dinner at a local restaurant. He asked the hostess to make sure that we had a booth. After a little wait the hostess asked us to follow her. As we began walking I felt the vibrations come on again. I tried to control myself walking. The sensations got a little faster as we walked. I wanted to moan out loud but instead I bit my tongue. 

We finally came to our seats. The vibrations stopped. I was a little disappointed. I sat across from him at our table. He smiled at me. Knowing I was having a hard time with keeping myself composed. We ordered our drinks and looked over the menu. He told me he wanted me to order an alcoholic drink when the waiter came back. I don't normally drink when we go out to dinner, but tonight I was up for it. 

When the waiter came back to take our orders I felt the vibrations start up again. He was doing this to see if I could stay concentrating on what I should be ordering. I felt the vibrations pick up speed as I spoke to the waiter. I asked him for a drink and placed my order. By the time I was finished ordering I could barely speak. I just wanted him to continue with the vibrations and let me cum. As soon as the waiter turned toward him, he shut the vibrations off. I could feel how soaking wet my underwear were. I felt this was going to be a long night. I needed to cum and I needed it bad. 

All throughout dinner he continued with the vibrations. He never let me cum though. As we got up to leave he turned them on medium. I needed him. I needed his hard cock inside of me. He kept the vibrations on all the way to the truck. I was hoping he would keep them on on the way home but as soon as we got inside the truck he turned it off. He could see my frustration. He just laughed. He said on the way home he wanted to make a stop. 

We pulled into the liquor store. He said he wanted to run in and grab us some drinks for the night. He told me I was not allowed to cum while he was in the store. And with that he turned the vibrations on low and left the truck to go inside. I could feel myself getting so close so I thought of something else. It seemed like he was taking forever to come back outside. 

Finally after 10 minutes he walked back to the truck. He climbed inside, turned off the vibrations and said he hoped I had not cum yet. I told him I had not but I was so close and really needed to. He told me he had an idea. He wanted me to ride the whole way home with it on and he wanted me not to cum. He told me that if I did what I was told I would be in for a great night and he would allow me to cum when we got home. I agreed. It wasn't too far from our place. 

He pulled out of the parking lot and turned the vibrations back on low. He told me to lay my chair back some and I gladly did so. I wanted him to touch me, hell at this point I wanted to touch myself but I knew I could not cum yet. The vibrations were low enough that I could focus on something else. We were about two miles from our place and he turned the vibrations up some more. I grabbed the door and the seat on each side of me. I could feel my orgasm building. I needed to think of something else. 

Less than a mile to go and he turns the vibrations even higher. I moan loudly. He smiles. He knows he is torturing me. I hold back. I need to cum but I know I cannot yet. We finally pull into our parking garage. He turns the vibrations off. I almost cry out. I need them. I need to finish. 

We pull into our spot. He turns to me and says if I want to cum I must do so in the truck. He knows how I feel about this but I need to cum. I want to cum. I agree and he turns the vibrations back on low. He leans over and kisses me. As he does he grabs my breast and rubs them with his hand. His other hand is on the remote. I feel the vibrations begin to pick up again. His hand on my breast slips inside my shirt, under my bra and pinches my nipple. I am so close. I moan and he turns up the vibrations more. 

My breathing picks up and he can tell I am going to come. He kisses me harder and pinches my nipple harder and turns up the vibrations more. I finally have my release. I cum. I moan into his mouth. I can feel my juices soaking my panties and my legs. I want him inside me so bad. I come down from my high, he pulls back and looks at me. He has the biggest smile on his face. He leans down and kisses me once more. 

We get out of the truck and head inside. I ask him what he got inside the liquor store. He tells me my favorite. Hot Damn. Makes me wonder why he got it since he doesn't care for it that much. 

We go inside and he tells me I can go get cleaned up and changed into something more comfortable. I go to the bathroom, clean up and slip into some comfy shorts and white tank top with no bra or panties on. 

When I come out of the bathroom he has a couple shots lined up for me. He tells me he wants me to take 2 shots right now. I smile at him. I down two shots as if they were water. He smiles and tells me to take two more. Again, I do this with ease. As I put the 4th shot down he fills up one more. This time though he takes it. I am more relaxed. He turns on some music and pulls me in to slow dance with him. His hands finding their way around my body. His hands reach my hard nipples through my tank top. He pulls at them and twist them a little. I moan into him. I feel myself getting so turned on again. I want him inside me. 

His fingers move their way down to my shorts. Thankfully they are easy to get into. His hand slid down onto my shaven pussy. He could feel how wet I was. He rubbed his finger around my clit for a moment, then pushed two fingers into my waiting pussy. It felt so good to finally have something in there. He pushed in and out for a few moments. Then pulled them back out and rubbed my clit again. It felt so amazing. He pushed three fingers in and they slid right in. I wanted more. I reached for his hard cock in his pants. But he pushed my hand away and told me not yet. I wanted it. I needed it. 

He told me he had a surprise but he wanted me to take one more shot. So I agreed. I took one more. One more was all I needed. I could feel its effect on me. I was drunk. I was relaxed. This is how he wanted me. We went to our room. He laid me on the bed and began to undress me. He told me he had another present for me. He reached under my pillow and brought out a small box. I opened it and found blindfolds. I looked up at him. He took them from my hands and put them over me. The feeling was amazing. To not be able to see what was going on around me. 

All my senses were on high. His hands were back on my naked body. He told me to lay back and relax. He said he wanted to get something out of the other room and for me not to move. I laid still... waiting... 

I did not know what he was doing. All I knew was I was horny and waiting. I heard the bedroom door open back up. I could not hear him though. Suddenly I felt him in front of me. He leaned down beside me I could feel that he was naked. He told me not to move. I kept still. His hand began to wonder to my breast. My nipples were hard. He pulled one and move to the other and pulled it. I moaned out loud. I felt him move on top of me. His mouth came down on my nipple and he sucked on it hard. Biting with his teeth as he pulled away. He leaned in close to my face and told me he loved me. I said I love you too. He then leaned down and kissed me hard. As he pulled back up he whispered this is for you. 

He was suddenly off of me. I let out a small whimper. I wanted him back. I wanted him in me. I needed to be fucked and fucked hard. I felt the bed shift to one side. He was on the left side of me. Suddenly I felt the right side of the bed shift as well. I froze. Someone else was in the bed with us. It was happening. He was making our fantasy come true. This turned me on even more. I had no idea who the person was. I just knew I had to be filled. 

The person on the right side of me began playing with my hard nipples. It is one of my weakness. I love them played with, twisted, bitten, pulled. sucked. I felt a mouth covering my nipple and my other nipple being pulled and twisted. 

On the left side of me, I felt him move his hands down towards my dripping wet pussy. I wanted it inside me. His fingers rubbed around my wet pussy. Never going in me, just rubbing the outside of me. His finger rubbing against my clit every few moments. I feel how wet I am. Never have I been this wet before. I am so relaxed from the shots I am just letting them take me. 

I feel them move. The one on the right seems to have gotten off the bed and my husband is back on the bed. The one off the bed lifts my legs a little and spreads them. I know what he is going to do and I want it. His mouth covers my soaking wet pussy. I moan out load. 

As I do, my husband pushes his hard dick into my mouth. I take it. I suck it hard. He begins face fucking my mouth and I let him. The person in between my legs Is sucking and licking my pussy. He shoves his tongue into my pussy pushing it in and out. Fucking me with his tongue. I suck harder on the cock that is pushing in and out of my mouth. I am so turned on I feel myself close to having my first orgasm of the night with two people taking advantage of my body. 

The person licking and sucking my pussy begin sucking a little harder on my clit. I feel fingers slide into me. I am so close. He begins pumping his fingers in and out, harder and deeper each time. The cock in my mouth I feel is rock hard. The mouth on my clit is now taking turns between licking and sucking. I just can't hold back any longer. My whole body shakes and I feel warm juices flowing as I cum. The person licks up my juices with his mouth as I cum. 

As I come back to reality, both stop touching me. The cock is pulled out of my mouth and I can feel them moving again. I am being pulled up by the arms. My husband tells me he wants me to move over to one side. I feel someone laying on the bed. My husband tells me he wants me to straddled the person. 

I position myself over the person's body. I feel a rock hard cock press against my thighs. There are hands on my back pushing me over some. I feel a mouth on my nipples again. I also felt a hand between my legs. I knew it was my husbands as I could tell I was not laying over him. My husband's hand began rubbing my already soaking wet pussy. He easily slid two fingers in and out for a few minutes. Then his fingers went away and the guy under me moved his hard cock to the entrance of my pussy. He rubbed his cock over me and slid the tip right in. 

Just as he did I felt my husband's fingers begin to rub my juices over my ass hole. I knew what he was going to do and I was so turned on. I felt the cock slid deeper into me as my husband's fingers slid into me. It felt so great. The man beneath me began sliding in and out a little faster as the fingers began pumping in and out of me. The feeling was sensational. I felt the fingers pull out some and then a third finger being pushed in as well. It was so tight but it felt so amazing. 

This went on a few minutes and then I felt the fingers slide out. The cock that was deep in my pussy stopped and held me down so he was buried in my pussy. I felt my husband move and the tip of his cock push against my ass hole. Double penetration had always been something I wanted to try and now we were doing it. 

My husband pushed the tip into my hole. He let me get adjusted and then pushed some more. He pulled out a little and pushed in harder. The cock that was buried deep in my pussy began moving as well. Both holes were completely filled up now. 

Both men started moving while one pushed in, the other pulled out. They found a rhythm and kept it going. The man beneath me used one hand to play with my nipples. He twisted them and pinched them. While my husband pumps himself into I suddenly feel him slap my ass. I moan. I love being spanked.

I feel myself wanting to cum again. I really need to. The feeling of both men in me is so overwhelming and it has me so turned on. I tell them I am going to cum soon. They both pick up speed and the man below me grabs both of my breast and squeeze them. They are both pounding into me harder and I feel my orgasm building. Suddenly my orgasm washes over me. I feel my juices flow out and over the man's hard cock. 

Both men still have their pace going and I feel they are both about to cum as well. I feel in it my ass first. My husband cums shooting his cum deep in my ass. Just then the man below me chums shooting his cum inside me. Both holes are filled with cum as both men fill me up. 

Their pace slows. I feel my husband pull out first and then the guy beneath me pull out. I am pushed over and laid on the bed. I lay there a moment catching my breath. I feel so alive and so amazing being filled up in both holes. 

Both men have gotten up and I still have on my blindfold. My husband tells me to stay where I am and to leave the blindfold on. I do as I am told. I can feel that both men have left the room. I lay there in silence. Thinking about what an amazing night we have had. 

My husband is back. He climbs into the bed next to me and takes my blindfold off. It is just him and I now. I look at him and smile. He leans down and kisses me. It is a heated kiss. I feel his hands moving down to my still dripping wet pussy. He climbs on top of me and slides himself back into me. I wrap my legs around him and he begins pushing himself in and out of me. It is quick and that is all we need. We both cum together.

I feel his cum pouring into me as I cum. I squeeze myself around him. The feeling is amazing. Having two men cum in the same hole. Feeling it inside of me. I feel him pull out. He lays over next to me and pulls me close. I tell him this night was amazing and that I love him. He tells me it was a great night for him too. To satisfy my fantasy. He kisses me once more and then we lay down and fall asleep. Dreaming sweet dreams.