 Fantasies Cum True Ch. 01:  Sue

"What's your most secret sexy desire?" Jan asked Sue. "What all would you do if anything you wished for sexually could come true. What's your biggest sex fantasy?"

The six friends were sitting around the pool in Jan and Ron's back yard. Sue and Jim were next door neighbors. Ralph and Jan were co-workers at a halfway house, and Ralph's wife Fran worked with Sue at an office down town.

It was a hot Saturday afternoon and they were relaxing after a light lunch before going in the water again. The girls wore swimsuits that covered every thing but left enough exposed to make the men interested in looking and admiring them.

They had all consumed enough drinks to loosen up quite a bit, and were telling dirty jokes. Each trying to outdo the other. As they drank more the jokes got nastier. Then they started talking about personal sex experiences.

Fran told about her first husband catching her giving a blowjob to another man. They split up over that. "I still like sucking cock as often as I can." She said as she got another drink.

"Shit, I would have wanted to be next." Said Jim. "I've always wanted in on something like that. I'd really like to see Sue suck a cock or get screwed and be next."

Jan confessed to getting caught sucking a cock in the back row of a movie. Two girls and a guy were watching and she didn't know it until after she swallowed her boyfriends cum and looked up.

Ralph said that his best adventure before getting married was one time when he helped a woman change a tire and she invited him home as a reward, they fucked and sucked all night.

Sue and Jim didn't have any real adventures but they liked to watch x rated videos and copy the action. They had once watched a live orgy in and around the pool of a motel where they stayed on vacation and were invited to join, were tempted to but chickened out. A few times they spied on two neighbor girls and their boyfriends next door.

"Well, I think my favorite was the night I caught Jan getting fucked by two guys at a party." Ron told them. "She was on her knees in the middle of the bed and this man was fucking her from the rear and she was sucking another and enjoying it." Ron continued his story. "None of them saw me watching and they fucked her good, till she climaxed, then they shot cum to her mouth and cunt."

"I sneaked out and later took her back to the same room and I fucked her in the same bed."

"I remember that night but I didn't know you caught us." Jan told Ron. "I remember that you screwed me extra good, was that why? Because you watched us?" 

"Yes. That was a real turn on for me. We were all a little high and I think every woman there got fucked that night by someone other than their own husband. Some by several different men."

"That would be my dream, if Jim would let me get away with it and be part of it." Said Sue. "To be Fucked by two men at the same time while being watched. We have some videos with group action, I would love to be the center of attention and get all their cum."

"Well Jim, want to grant her wish? And yours too?" Asked Fran. "We have three men here, Jan and I would love to watch. Okay? " 

"Gosh, I don't know. We've talked about doing a group sex thing but never knew who with. I would love to, if Sue wants to finally do it I'm willing and eager."

"Ralph, you can screw Sue if I can get my wish later." Fran told her husband.

"You too Ron." Said Jan. "Lets do it to her."

Ron and Ralph got up, removed their trunks exposing their hard cocks and moved toward Sue.

Sue had been drinking much more than usual and was more than willing to have sex with these men. She stood and stripped her bathing suit off, showing her naked body and reaching for their pricks.

Holding a stiff cock in each hand she went to her knees, pulled them close to her mouth and kissed and licked them. Taking turns sucking on one cock then the other. This was a dream come true, two strange cocks to give her pleasure. She was going to enjoy this.

"Hey, move over, I want to see." Said Jim as he pushed through the group around his wife. He had often wanted to see her have sex with another man and they talked about doing it many times while looking at their videos.

By this time everyone was naked and cheering Sue on. Fran and Jan were playing with her tits, telling her to suck those cocks, drink their cum.

Sue took her sweet time sucking and licking these two beautiful, hard cocks. Wanting them to last a long time. She loved to suck Jim and did often but this was the first time she sucked any one else since before they were married. They tasted good, maybe extra good because her husband was watching and egging her on. 

Switching from one to the other, back and forth. Sucking first the head, then taking them deeper, using her tongue and lips expertly on two cocks. She almost climaxed from the pleasure she was getting. Getting hotter and hornier she sucked more, wanting some cum. 

While Jim stood there watching his wife sucking the cocks of his friends he felt wet lips close over the head of his prick. Looking down he found Fran was sucking him. Her mouth felt great on his cock.

Ron's cock shot his cum to Sue's mouth and she swallowed it all eagerly. Laying down she opened her legs to give Ralph access to her pussy, she wanted fucked.

As Ralph lowered himself to her she took hold of his cock and guided it to her cunt. Ralph's cock slid easily into the warm, wet depth. As they fucked Jim moved to her head and fed his cock to her mouth wanting to be part of her sexual fun.

Before they were done each man had cum twice, once in her mouth and once in her pussy. Sue had fulfilled her fantasy, nicely. And her husbands too.

   Who's next?