 Fantasy 2 - Fran

"Okay Fran, now its your turn." Her husband Ralph said. "What's your secret desire? Anything you want special? I think I know but you will have to tell the others?" 

"Well it's a lot kinkier than Sue's." She told them. "I want to be naked with at least a dozen men and suck them off, one after another, I want to be covered with cum. I want to swim in cum"

"How the hell can we find a bunch for that." Asked Jim. "Does any one have an idea?"

"Yes, I have it. The ball team is practicing at the park and we could sneak into the shower room." Suggested Ron. "I know the coach and he says that all the guys talk about is pussy and claim they can't get enough."

"Will he let us go along with this?" Asked Ralph. "I know Fran has wanted this for a long time, ever since we watched a video with one girl getting gang banged by a bunch of naked men, right honey?" 

"He will if we girls can convince him." Said Jan. "I think we girls can show him some extra benefits if he helps us."

They all piled into Ron's van and drove to the ball field and parked close to the back door. The six went in to find the coach.

Mike was in his office and greeted them, as he listened to the idea they had about getting Fran fucked by his guys he was looking at the girls who still wore only their tiny bikini suits.

Mike was easily convinced, especially when the girls stripped and told him that he could get his share and fuck them too.

Mike led them to the shower and went to get the team. He didn't tell them about the girl in the shower, they would find her soon enough on their own.

As the team got undressed Fran was watching from the shower room, the sight of all this male meat was getting her hungry. There were at least twenty naked men, some with large cocks, some with small. But they all had cocks. She wanted their cum.

Two big muscular guys came in first and found her. As they saw her standing there naked their pricks got hard, not caring who she was or where she came from they moved to her and embraced her. One reached for her cunt as the other fondled her tits.

Fran took hold of the first two cocks that she would enjoy at her cum feast.

Dropping to her knees she starting sucking one while jacking off the other. 

She was soon surrounded by hard cocks as the rest realized what was happening in the showers and wanted their cocks sucked too.

Jan and Sue were there too, still naked and told the team that they could only cum on or in Fran. It was Fran's party but they would help keep things hard for her.

They mixed in with the men playing with all their pricks, letting the guys fondle and suck their tits and finger their cunts. 

Ron had brought his camcorder and was getting everything on his camera. Mike also had one and. between them they filmed all the action for future viewing pleasure.

Fran had finished sucking three, had swallowed two and let one shoot on her face. Now she was trying to get an eight inch long cock down her throat. It was just a bit too big so she just jacked it off, aiming the tip to her mouth as the owner shot off, swallowing most. Letting some splash on her face.

Sue and Jan were jerking off two men and aimed their spurts of cum toward Fran's tits then licked them clean. Gallons of cum flowed.

Mike, the coach was getting his share. Laying on his back with Sue riding his cock while Jan sat on his face letting him eat her.

Two hours later Fran decided enough. All the guys had cum at least three times, a few four or five. She had swallowed most but her face, hair and tits were coated with the overflow. She was covered with cum.

A couple men wanted more so Sue and Jan happily used their hard cocks to fill their pussies.

Everyone took showers except Fran, she wanted to ride home naked covered with sperm after promising to return to the showers next week for more.

Fran was tired but felt GREAT!!! What next?