 My husband spoils me with a trip to a naked paradise...

*

I had such a great time at the New Years party. That kind of wild extra sex gets my inner fires stoked. The opportunity to enjoy so many new guys in one night is always a super turn on for me.

Jack got totally jumped and ridden hard that night once we got home.

My birthday is in early January, and he always finds ways to pamper me. Among flowers and several gifts he bought for my big day, there was also a large and nicely decorated envelope. When I opened it there were plane tickets, vouchers, and a complete information package for a tropical adult-only resort destination.

Jack and I have long been avid travelers and we love to feel the warmth of the sun caress every inch of our naked bodies anytime there's a beach or pool that allows that kind of natural freedom.

We had talked about such a journey before, and I was very pleasantly surprised when I opened this gift and absorbed all the details. Five star facilities, great rooms, ocean front, and totally clothing free except for meals. That's the way my maker intended me to be!

After I gave him a lingering thank-you hug and lots of excited kisses, he slowed me down and explained the resort guidelines.

"Listen, Katie. I know we've talked about going to a place like this before, but this one is definitely very open. You like to party and have lots of fun, and I want you to have a great time. Just remember, everyone is like-minded at this place so it's all your choice. Do as little or as much as you like, and expect others around you to be doing some of the same."

"So this is a pure freedom vacation?" I asked, quietly considering all the implications.

"Yes. For both of us. Uninhibited, do as you want, and no jealousy allowed."

"I'm good with that." I commented. "Just let me know if I get a little too wild. But you know I'll be careful."

"I trust you. We're there to have fun."

I was so very excited and aroused when we finally boarded the plane a couple of weeks later. The up-front seating was super comfortable, and I just wanted to snuggle in and get totally rested in anticipation of this latest adventure.

It was an afternoon flight which meant we wouldn't arrive, clear customs, and get checked-in to our room until quite late. By the time we did, we only had time for a brief moonlight walk-about. Even at that late hour there was some moaning and groaning coming from the pool area and what appeared to be quite a tangle of gyrating bodies visible out on the dock.

We decided to get a good night of sleep so we'd be ready to experience the place more thoroughly in the morning. I don't think I slept really well though. My head was filled with all sorts of fanciful dreams about new cocks and cum and fresh pussies and tits.

I think Jack had a better, deeper sleep. He didn't start to stir until after I'd opened our patio doors and curtains wide so the morning sun could peak in to warm and brighten our room. He was possibly also becoming aware that his morning wood was fully enveloped in my hot mouth. My lips were stretched around the big round base of his thick cock and I was using my throat muscles to massage his throbbing cock head.

I felt him stretch and when I glanced up at him he rubbed his eyes as they adjusted to the soft morning sunlight. He smiled that movie star smile of his and nonchalantly said, "Morning, Katie."

I answered back best I could, something like, "Mmmff-mmff."

"You are such a naughty girl. How about you slide that toned little butt of yours all the way up here and sit on my face." He requested politely.

I didn't want to release his big dick but I really loved his tongue. I slithered up his tummy and chest, then spread my thighs around his face and jammed my dripping pussy onto his mouth.

Jack really knows how to suck a pussy and his amazing tongue had me ready in no time. When I'm super aroused I sometimes squirt, and today was clearly one of those days. I orgasmed and unloaded a half-cupful of my clear, hot pussy fluid right into his mouth.

I knew he loved it and he drank what he could while the rest overflowed all over the pillow and sheets. Good thing I was on holidays and not in charge of laundry.

I shuddered for a while as I recovered, then I spun around keeping my pussy at his tongue and getting my mouth back on his cock. This was a great sixty-nine position and he licked my clit so hard I came again in about a minute.

I had to release his dick as I moaned through my orgasm. When I looked up there happened to be four naked people, couples I guessed, standing on the lawn in front of our open patio door, taking in the show.

I smiled politely but I didn't care. I needed Jack's cock back in my mouth. I sucked while he licked until very soon I screamed and climaxed again.

Jack pulled out from under me so I was on my hands and knees on the bed. He came up behind me and thrust his hard dick into my soaking hot hole. It felt so fucking good. He fucked me hard, then suddenly stopped thrusting and giggled. "Uh... there's people watching us."

"Yes. I noticed." I replied, "So shut up and get busy. I need your cum."

He must have waved because all four of our voyeurs smiled and waved to us at the same time. Then he grabbed my hips and started pounding deep into my hot pussy for all he was worth. It felt so good, and so naughty to have these strangers observing our morning session.

I watched with pleasure as both the men began to sprout generous erections twenty feet away from me while I was getting fucked like crazy. I just kept orgasming.

Jack was groaning, and soon he shouted, "Okay, Katie. I gotta come in a minute!"

I felt his hard cock pop out of me as I pulled away and rolled off the end of the bed, gently landing on my knees even closer to our audience. "Come in my mouth!" I ordered.

He was so close he barely had time to get to me. He stood right in front of me and jerked his big pussy juice soaked cock furiously. His hips were pumping and he was groaning. This was going to be a big one.

"Okay! Here I come!" he exclaimed.

I opened wide so he could shoot his entire load into my mouth. He's had lots of practice and didn't miss a squirt. He shivered and shuddered, and finally giggled, "Fuck that felt good!"

He ran the head of his freshly fired-off dick around my lips. I could feel the supple ridges and enjoyed the slow softening of his gorgeous cock. I smiled up at him, swallowed his big load and orgasmed intensely one more time.

I drew him back into my mouth and sucked hard to get those last few cum dribbles. I love cum and those remaining drops were mine!

"Thank you, Katie. Great start to the day." Jack stated, then turned his attention toward the patio. "Look at that!" he exclaimed, and gestured toward our newly added fans.

Both of the ladies were on their knees on the grass and feverishly sucking on their men's cocks. This was awesome.

Jack was still vibrating and sat on the end of the bed to settle down. I was still in my comfortable position on my knees, relaxing and taking in the impromptu suck-a-thon.

Jack laughed and said, "This is too cool. What do you think, Katie?"

The two couples were a little older than us, maybe early forties, and the guys were smiling at each other and then at Jack and me while their ladies exhibited some excellent oral talent.

It didn't seem that anyone else was watching this performance, but I was really enjoying it. There is one firm and fast rule that's hard-wired into me. When I've had a recent taste of cock, I'm always ready for more.

Sometimes it's like I hear a voice beside me speaking, but I know it's me. I heard that voice say, "If you wouldn't mind, I could finish those for you."

The kneeling ladies both stopped and looked at me. Holy fuck, I thought to myself, I did just say that!

They glanced at each other, shrugged, and one said, "Sure, fly at 'er."

The two men disengaged their erections from their ladies and stepped toward me as quickly as they could. Guys can't run or even walk briskly with a hard-on, I've noticed.

In a matter of seconds I had two, brand-new hard cocks in my hands. I couldn't stop smiling.

"Katie, you're a slut." Jack commented, but I knew from his tone it was a total compliment. Then he added, "Is everybody okay with this, because I know I am."

Everyone nodded so I smiled up at my two new friends to ensure I had their undivided attention. Clearly I did which allowed me to ask one of my most favorite questions, "Good, now may I suck your cocks?"

They nodded and I dove right in. They were half-way there already from the attention their ladies had given them. I sucked and deep throated them both and gave them a sample of my delightful throat fucking. I looked up lots of times to make sure they were enjoying things. They both had expressions of delight.

I worked them over until their moans and groans became nearly non-stop and both were ready, then paused and told them, "Both of you, jerk off in my mouth."

I love anytime a guy shoots his cum into my mouth. When there are two loads or more, from different cocks, and I get to enjoy all the hot jizz and mix it around and savor it... well, I love it and I orgasm uncontrollably. It's fucking fantastic.

They jerked their dicks like they were trying to rip them away from their bodies. They grunted and shot streams of white goo into my mouth and all over my face. I swallowed my prize and I was in heaven. Fuck I love cum!

I sucked both cocks after they came for me. I got that last bit of man juice that tries to hide way up in the shaft by sucking hard until it was all mine. Then I sat back onto my heels and shuddered through another mind-blowing orgasm.

This was so nice. A three cock morning, three mouthfuls of cum, plus I had streaks of fresh man-goo all over my face and dripping onto my tits. And it was still before breakfast! I liked this place already.

I stood up and shook the guys' hands. I was comfortable being totally naked and wanted to know their names even though I still had cum on my face and tits. It made me feel like a dirty, hot and naughty slut, and I cherished that sensation.

Their ladies entered as well and we had a quick round of introductions. One couple was Randy and Jill, the other was Neil and Wendy. They'd all been to this resort before, and were clearly very open-minded as well. We promised to see each other again.

They headed off for breakfast and Jack just stood there, smirking and shaking his head at me.

"You realize you're still smeared with cum, right?" he asked.

"Maybe I plan on staying this way." I commented cheerfully.

Then I realized that deep down inside I meant what I'd just said. I felt like a kid in a candy store. This place was full-on cock buffet, and I had a craving to enjoy every moment.

I reached down and stroked my finger up and down on my clit, and I came again as Jack watched and grinned. I moaned and said, "Fuck, I need a shower."

I got cleaned up from my morning adventure and Jack showered while I dried my hair. He threw on some swim trunks while I slipped into a tiny thong and a very sheer white cover up. I've got these big boobs, but my nipples are quite light colored, so I looked more casual than wildly provocative. It still turned lots of heads my way, though.

We ordered hot coffees and went for a brief beach walk to check out the resort from the ocean side. It was beautiful and despite it being only mid-morning, several people were out seeking that nice, all-over tan. I enjoyed the naked human scenery, and there were some great looking gals there.

We were urgently in need of some breakfast so found a nice little table in their morning recovery room, as the resort called it. The early activities had generated some serious hunger, and the food was really good.

Back at the room we checked e-mails and such. There were no cameras, phones or electronic devices allowed outside the rooms. Prudent given current technology.

By early afternoon, following a little more exploring we found ourselves at the main pool and hot-tub area. It was indicated as clothing-optional, but I didn't see a stitch of material on anyone, except for a few hats.

Jack went over to the bar and grabbed us each an adult sized tropical beverage and we began our first day in the sun, using some shade from a big umbrella at our glorious new home-for-a-week.

There was probably about twenty or so people relaxing on the pool deck. Before long Jack went for new drinks, and I was getting warmed by the splendid sunshine. I was still contemplating the fantastic start to the morning and hoping there was more to come.

When he returned I suggested we dip into the water and maybe meet some other guests. The water was so nice and soothing. We chatted with a few other naked couples. I truly enjoy meeting people when there's no clothing involved. There's no pretense. It's all about sincere people meeting honestly. There's real eye-contact... plus maybe a few discrete peaks if you can manage it.

It is so difficult for a guy not to stare at a girl's boobs and guaranteed, they find a way. I noticed a couple of older guys sitting at the opposite side of the pool, dangling their feet in the water, chatting and trying not to be obvious as they ogled my firm, floating boobies.

While jack chatted with our new friends, I decided to make my way across the pool. My boobs were just the right height in the water to look like a couple of high-powered speed boats cutting their way through the warm, blue ripples.

"Hi. I'm Katie." I said cheerfully. They introduced themselves as repeat guests from a small town in Wisconsin. They were probably about fifty, in good shape and nicely tanned. They pointed out their fine looking wives, sunning on some nearby lounge chairs.

We waved at each other and the ladies smiled warmly. The guys were sitting close enough that I had to push their legs together so I could squeeze in between them. I realized I was using my double-D tits like a bulldozer, and I immediately noticed an appropriate response as their resting members began to show signs of life.

"This is our first time here." I stated, "So I really don't know the rules about public displays of affection. I haven't noticed any yet in the pool area."

"They can happen any time." the one gentleman named John said, "In fact, I noticed my wife eyeing up your husband already. But we wouldn't assume anything."

"I appreciate that." I said with a smile. I ran a hand up the inside of each guy's thigh, and soon had hold of two generous, growing dicks. John smiled at his buddy, then raised his hand up high and pointed down at me, making sure his wife was taking notice. She was, and she grinned widely.

"Are poolside BJs inappropriate here in broad daylight?" I inquired.

"Happens more than you'd think," John's buddy Ralph commented.

"Awesome." I commented, feeling that insatiable craving surge through me again. I released my grip on their swelling peckers, pointed at my face and suggested, "If you two can figure out how to get your dicks into this general area, it would be my pleasure to suck both of you off."

With that look of shocked happiness I'd seen so many times, they quickly rolled up onto their knees and tangled against each other until they'd accomplished my request. Every head around the pool area was looking my way as I stroked and caressed their quickly engorging dicks.

Their wives looked especially curious as I settled in to put on a little show. The guys got nice and hard... blue pills maybe? I didn't care. I sucked both cocks, back and forth, and I came in the pool. I couldn't help it. I orgasm every time I suck a cock, especially a new one. Or two.

I deep throated them, and heard a number of positive comments from these men and various onlookers. I fucked them with my throat and I gave them both a great BJ. John grunted and came in my mouth. I swallowed it just in time to switch dicks so Ralph could give me a second mouthful. This was great.

I leaned in and sucked the last juice from their softening dicks, then paused and looked around. Everyone was watching, and a smattering of applause began, then got louder. I turned, put an arm to my waist, bent forward and took a little smiling bow.

"Katie, that was terrific!" John complimented, followed by Ralph, who stated, "Simply spectacular!"

"Thanks, guys. My pleasure."

I was grinning as I licked all around my lips. Not a single loose bit of cum to be found. I'd got it all, and enjoyed every drop. "See ya around." I said, then pushed off across the pool, floating on my back. I think only my face and my erect pink nipples were visible above the surface of the water. Maybe my cute little toes, too.

I looked coyly at Jack when I returned to his side. The people he'd been talking with simply gazed at me, awestruck perhaps. He smirked at me, shaking his head, and handed me my tropical cocktail. "Happy?" he asked.

"Getting there." I replied, "That was fun. I like it here."

We decided to clamber out of the pool to get some more warm sunshine and work on our tans. I think every eye was on me as we returned to our loungers. It embarrassed me a little but more so it empowered me. I felt good deep inside my horny slut soul.

I was impressed by Jack. He normally gets an uncontrollable raging hard-on watching me suck other dicks. We'd been to lots of nude places before, and he'd learned to use his practiced self-control to keep his dick at that chub-only level. Firm enough that you knew there was lots there, yet not pointing out so you could hang a towel on it.

"You've been a busy girl today." He commented, then clinked his cocktail against mine.

"Yep." I replied. I really wanted to jump him right there and suck his cock again. Instead I was suddenly distracted by all the nice folks spread around on the pool deck.

Two guys were standing up and two others were laying on their lounge chairs getting blow jobs. John and Ralph's wives were engaged in an intense sounding sixty-nine on a big towel. At least two other ladies were moaning as their men eagerly licked away at their pussies.

"Katie, I think you started something." Jack said with a laugh.

"Cool." I whispered as I surveyed the scene and grinned. More than half the people at the pool were involved in sex with somebody, while a few of the guys and other ladies were obviously taking care of themselves and enjoying the surprise show.

The entire big, blue pool was surrounded by like-minded hotel guests moaning and groaning, and it was a beautiful sight.

I wanted to help out, especially the guys that were laying there, jerking themselves off. I'd gladly suck a few more cocks right now. Jack sensed my intentions and told me, "Just relax Katie. We'll be here all week."

It was so hard to show any restraint, but he was right. We just laid back and took in the show. Soon there were orgasms everywhere, and not long after that, a splendid, satisfied hush consumed the whole pool area. All we could hear was the gentle, relentless surf rolling up on the beach below the pool, plus a few snores.

My eyes were closed when I was startled by someone teasingly tickling my foot. I awoke with a knee-jerk reaction, and a gentleman was standing there with fresh cocktails he said were for Jack and me.

We graciously accepted and he introduced himself as Bobby. He was friends with John and Ralph's group, and often accompanied them for their naked week each season.

"Thank you for getting the party started early, Katie. That was quite the show." He stated in a very complimentary tone.

I nodded and sipped my new drink as I looked him over. Then I recognized him. He'd been laying beside the sixty-nining wives, casually playing with himself but not jerking off.
