 Fantasy 3 - Jan

"Jan, your next." Sue said. "You started this now it's your turn to tell us what you want."

"Okay, are you ready for this?" Jan asked. "I want to spend a night at a whorehouse fucking whoever has the price for my ass. I want a man to pay me to get fucked or sucked." 

"I know a girl from work that sells herself once in a while if she gets short." Jan said. "She asked me a couple of times if I would like to make some extra cash."

"Why didn't you do it?" Asked Sue. "It sounds like a lot of fun to get fucked and get paid for doing it."

"I've been tempted but afraid to do it."

"Call her and make a date." Ron said. "Pretend the mortgage is overdue or something, that you need to make some quick money."

Jan called Candy and after talking for a while told Ron that she could go two ways. On call for select business men or at a house where they fucked whoever was next in line. The house made more money but you had no choice of clients. You just got fucked by the next guy in line. "I picked the house for my first time."

"First time?" Asked Ron. "Do you expect to do this more than just this one time?"

"If I like it and make good money I might change jobs. Would you like to be my pimp?" 

Everyone laughed at her remark and Sue told her that if it was real profitable she might go with her the next time.

Jan packed a small case with some negligees and left to join her friend Candy for her first night to work at a whore house.

"I'll see you in the morning hon, get Sue and Jim to spend the night with you and have some fun with them. Enjoy yourself, I know I will." 

Jan had no trouble finding the address, it was an old hotel on the edge of the business district with a dance hall in the basement and a country band playing.

Candy met her inside and showed her around, explained the rules and prices. One hundred for half an hour fucking, fifty for a 10 minute blowjob. 50% for the house, and she could keep all her tips. On an average night she could make around five hundred, counting tips. She got her a room next to hers and said that if there was any trouble just bang on the wall.

Candy also introduced her to two huge black men, Mo and Jeff, the bouncers. "If you have any trouble just call or push the red buzzer on the wall. They will be in to visit with you later. Be extra nice to them and they will take good care of you." "Now get into something sexy and meet me in the bar behind the lobby." Candy told her. "It's early, but you, the NEW girl will be very busy tonight."

Jan had packed several outfits but she chose a white lace gown that was so thin that you could almost read through it, her dark pussy hair was visable and she applied lipstick to her big nipples then went to the bar to meet Candy and to get started earning her money.

She almost caused a riot, there were four men at the bar. Candy and six girls were sitting around a table waiting for customers, Jan was the sexiest of the group.

Jan went to the bar, pushed in between the men and said. "Hi, I'm new here, this is my first time out, who wants to be my very, very first client? The price is one thousand dollars." As she said that she lowered her top and exposed her ample tits. Then walked away.

Two of the men followed her out of the bar while reaching for their wallets. They started biding for her body while going up to her room. Twelve hundred, Fifteen, Eighteen.

"Two thousand." Said one of them. 

"I quit." Said the other but I'll give five hundred to watch and be next.

"Okay." Jan told him. "Lets get naked and fuck but cash first."

The men stripped and the first one went to her and removed her negligee and uncovered his new prize. 

Jan was determined to give him his moneys worth so she did every sexy thing she knew or had ever read about.

First she knelt down to face her first cock of the evening, it was starting to get hard, raiseing its head to meet her waiting mouth as she blew hot breath on it. Jan opened wide to engulf the head of his stiff cock.

Taking a cock in her mouth was a pleasure for her, she liked cock and enjoyed sex in all forms. This cock was medium size and nice to handle. Letting his cock slide between her lips she used her tongue to caress the full length. Tasting the few drops of pre cum. Jan loved the feel of a nice firm cock sliding over her lips and tongue. 

Slowly she sucked on him letting him fuck her mouth, then going faster and faster. Just as he was ready to spirt she stuck her finger in his ass and his cum flowed to her waiting tongue. Jan let her mouth fill with his hot, thick cum. Held it there for a bit then slowly swallowed his tasty seed.

"Now we can have a good fuck." She said. "Lets get on the bed."

She sucked his cock, chewed his balls, sixty nined, tongued in his ass. She fucked missionary, she fucked side ways, she fucked on top slowing down or stopping when she sensed he was about to come again. She made it last and she made it good. Jan finally allowed him to pound his cock into her and she fucked back as fast as she could, taking his final load of cum deep in her pussy.

He rolled off, covered in sweat, panting to catch his breath.

Jan sensed the other man near her. He was holding in his hand the biggest prick she had ever seen. It was at least eleven inches long and two and a half thick, with an even larger head. Easily twice the size of any cock she had ever seen.

"Don't worry, I'll go slow." He told her. "It won't hurt." As he pushed the head between the lips of her pussy.

She was well lubricated with fresh cum and the huge head moved slowly in, stretching her cunt to its maximum. She felt pressure but no pain. It really felt good.

Only about half would go in but that half was really filling her more cock than she had ever had before. Then he slowly started to fuck, and fuck, and fuck. Going just a little deeper with each thrust till he had about eight inches of hard cock inside her.

Jan was ready to climb walls, she started to climax, then again and again.

She felt him tense and then give her his cum. As he started to come he pulled out and spurted up over her belly and all the way to her tits. Big gobs of cum covered her and she wiped them up with her fingers then licked them off.

"That was so good I should pay you." She said. "But I won't."

Dressing they went back to the bar. There were a few more men and only two girls and they were both leaving with one of the men for a threesome. Jan had a drink then kissed both guys asking them to cum again, soon.

Mixing with the men at the bar one took her hand and they went to her room for a quick blow job.

The next two clients only lasted a few minutes each. Fucking her quick then going out.

As she was washing up from the second, the door opened and the two bouncers came in. Not saying a word they undressed, picked her up and laid her on the bed. 

Mo spread her legs and started to kiss her pussy while Jeff climbed up and held his cock to her mouth for her to suck. No foreplay just hard sex which was alright with her.

Jan had never been with a black man before. Taking hold of his cock she looked at it, the only different thing was the color. Dark brown, normal size (not huge as some said). She licked the head and sucked it into her mouth. She made love to his cock, chewing, sucking, twisting her tongue around it until with a groan he came.

She held his cum in her mouth for a few moments enjoying the tangy taste then swallowed it wishing for more.

Meanwhile Mo having gotten her pussy wet had inserted his cock and was fucking her. He was doing a good job of it and having two cocks at one time was bringing her to a big climax.

It was a busy night for all the girls but Jan was in demand as Carol said she would be. She was enjoying it.

Jan gave six blowjobs, got fucked twelve times, corn holed once (she charged double for that) and two guys ate her pussy. She took in $1800. Her half was $900. plus tips of $390. plus $2300. extra from the first two men of the evening. Total $3590. Not a bad night.

She and Carol talked later and Carol asked if she was going to come back? "You were a hit with the guys and they want to see you again."

"I'll be back." Jan told her. "Soon. My pussy's sore right now but with a little rest it will be ready for more action."

"Plus the money's great and I had a ball." 

Ron will shit she thought. 'I can't wait to get home and tell him. I wonder what he will say?" Is there more?