 For those of you who have not read my first 2 stories this is a continuation of them. If you want more details of who we are read My soldier boy and My soldier's first day home. 

As Dan and I lay on the couch and swoon after the mind-blowing sex we had. We talked about the thoughts we were having about the 3-some with Jim. I was kind of nervous about doing something like that. I had never had two men at once before. I asked him if he had ever done it before, he smiled and said yea a few times, but with you it will be a new experience because the girl he had done it with didn't like anal at all. I smiled and said hell she doesn't know what she's missing.

Dan looked at me and laughed and said not all girls are as kinky as you are. I told him that all girls should be, it would make for fewer bitches in the world. He laughed so hard his face turned red. He said so that's what their problem is. I smiled and nodded my head. Dan said that he would make all my Fantasies become Realities. I said really and he just smiled.

I got off the couch and walked into the bedroom and got the jeans Dan had worn the night before and got the number Jim had given him. I walked back into the living room and handed the number to him and asked whether he wanted to call or should I. He said it best if we both call together.

Dan picked up the phone beside the couch and I went in the bedroom and grabbed the cordless. He dialed the number and I waited till he nodded for me to push talk. As the phone rang I felt butterflies in my stomach, I was so nervous about this. It wasn't until Jim's answering machine came on that the butterflies subsided. Dan explained who he was and that he had met us last night and we were calling about his offer, he left his number and hung up. 

Dan walked over to me and hugged me and told me it wouldn't be bad and that I didn't have to be nervous. He told me that if it would make it easier for me he would take me out for a few beers and a couple of shots of tequila before. I smiled and said you know me well don't you. He said yea that's what gave you the nerve to run after me and kiss me the night we met. I laughed and said hell I tried to forget that. 

Dan said I will never forget that, that's what made me call you the next day other then the thought of you in that sexy skirt you were wearing. I told him I thought about that night, every time my heart hurt from missing him when he was gone, and it did quite a lot. Dan smiled and hugged me, and ran his fingers through my hair and kissed me. The kiss sent shivers through my body just like the first time we kissed. 

Just as we were getting passionate and aroused again, the phone rang. At first Dan was going to ignore it until I reminded him Jim was supposed to call back? He snatched up the phone and it was Jim calling back. He nodded for me to pick up the phone. Dan asked him how he was doing and Jim said fine, how about you and that sexy girlfriend of yours.

Dan said we were really good and Jim said he would be too if I were his. Dan frowned and changed the subject real quick and asked if he would still interested in the 3-some he mentioned last night? Jim responded with a hell yea. Dan smiled and the butterflies in my stomach came back ten-fold. Dan gave me a reassuring smile and asked Jim when would be a good time for him. Jim quickly responded with how about tonight? Dan looked at me and I shrugged my shoulders. Dan said that's fine but I must warn you, Brandy is very nervous this is the first 3-some she has ever done, I'm going to let her get a buzz before she does it to take the edge off. 

Jim said wow I figured with the way she was with you at Outback that she had more experience in the ways of sex. Dan laughed and said oh she's experienced, just not with more then one person at a time. I felt like I wasn't even in the conversation. Jim asked Dan if he thought I could handle two men at once, and before Dan could say anything, I got the nerve to say I can handle anything you two men could give. They both started laughing. I figured they didn't need me on the phone to work out the details so I hung up.

I went into the bedroom to get all the rose petals in the room cleaned up and to get the champagne bottle and glasses we had used the night before. I took them in the kitchen and went back in for the tray I had served him on for breakfast. By the time I had gotten it all cleaned up, he was finally hanging up the phone. 

I asked Dan if everything was all set and, he said yea were going to do it at the Beck's Hotel at 11:00 tonight. I asked him why the Beck's that's kind of a kinky hotel isn't it. Dan laughed at me and said don't worry Babe you'll feel right at home there. I still didn't understand why Beck's but I let it go. I figured the men knew what they were doing.

Dan and I decided to go shopping and have lunch. We took a quick shower and got dressed. Dan made sure I wore something accessible just in case he felt like getting frisky while we are out. Dan and I walked downstairs and he opened my door and as I got in I reached over and opened his door. Dan got in and smiled at me and said I love when you do that. I rubbed the back of his head and smiled at him.

Dan and I pulled out and Dan asked where we should go first? I shrugged my shoulders and said I didn't care, he said Cross-Creek Mall it is then. Traffic wasn't too bad considering it was Friday in a military town. We pulled into the mall and parked right by the Sears entrance. We got out and went in.

First place Dan wanted to go was Structure, he said he needed some new clothes. We spent about a half an hour in there. He decided on clothes I got moist looking at him in. Dan could make a plastic bag look good if he were wearing it. Next we went to Yankee Candle. I told him since we almost used up all my candles, and I needed new ones. I picked out my favorite smelly candles, like lilac blossoms, seaside holiday and sunflower days. Dan bought me enough of each to last awhile.

After that Dan and I went to the Gap to get more clothes for him and then to Hot Topic for something sexy for me to wear that night. We went in and I tried a few things on but Dan kept shaking his head no to all of them. I figured he was looking for an outfit that made him hard.

We left there and went to Walden Books to get the new Maxim magazine. I liked reading it as much has he did. You can find out about certain things that please your man. While he got the magazine, I looked around. I found a title that caught my eye, The Gift of Sex, I figured I'd get it and see if it had anything in interested in it. I brought the book up to the counter where Dan was already waiting and when he saw the title he laughed. 

We left the store and went to Bath & Body Works. I swear every time I go in the store I never want to leave it. We spent awhile in there; I smelled all the different lotions and body sprays. I'm sure Dan was getting irate because I couldn't decide on a smell I liked. I settled on Moonlight Path and I bought the whole collection, the body wash, body lotion and the body spray. Dan gave me a look like finally you're done. I giggled that's just typical of a man. 

We started walking toward the Body Shop when we passed Victoria's Secret, Dan stopped dead in his tracks and damn near snatched my arm off pulling me in there. He didn't stop until we walked up to this little white ruffled halter dress. Dan grabbed it and a cut out satin dress and a black O-Ring halter jersey dress that had a slit all the way up the chest. He handed them to me and headed over to the baby doll lingerie, and picked out a sexy white lace nightgown. I asked him was he done and he said no and continued to look around. 

A very attractive auburn haired women walked up and said her name was Mandy, and asked us if we needed any help. I smiled and said yes that I needed help carrying all the clothes Dan was putting in my arms to the dressing room. Dan hadn't really gotten a good look at her until that moment and when he did, his face lit up. He kept looking from her to me. I knew what he was thinking because I was thinking it to.

Mandy was about 5'8 150lbs long hair and blues eyes, with legs as long as mine. The shirt she was wearing showed off her mouth watering 38C boobs. I can almost bet people would say we were sisters if they saw us together. 

Dan kept looking back and forth to us, I was looking at her and she was looking at me. I made eye contact with her and are eyes locked and I felt my body tingle. Dan noticed the attraction too. Mandy broke the silence by saying here let me take the clothes for you. When she grabbed them from me she accidentally touched my breast and my underwear got moist. I looked at her and she had a small smile on her face. I knew then that it was no accident. Dan looked like a kid in a candy shop, you could tell he was getting aroused watching us flirt.

Mandy walked towards the dressing room and opened the door for me, as I took the dresses from her I made sure to lightly caress her luscious breast. I knew from the moment I did it, she got the same reaction I did. She looked at me and her face was flushed. Dan was behind her smiling, he knew that I was very turned on and that she was too. Mandy told me if I needed anything else just to call her. 

I went into the dressing room and shut the door and got undressed down to my g-string and tried on the black dress. I looked in the mirror and loved the way it looked on me. I opened the door to show Dan and he shook his head and said no not that one. I glanced over at Mandy and she was smiling and shaking her head too. I walked back in the dressing room took it off and tried on the red one. I again thought it looked good and when I went out, I got the same reaction from both of them. I shrugged my shoulders and went back inside to try on the last and final dress. I put on the white one and looked in the mirror and said wow. 

This dress made every curve I had stand out, and it brought out the red in my hair. I walked out and Dan whistled and Mandy's face flushed. I kind of wondered what was running through her head at that moment. Dan said yup that's the one. 

A couple of women came into the store and Mandy went over to help them but not before she winked at me. I went to walk back into the dressing room and Dan followed behind me. I asked him what he thought he was doing and he just gave me a sexy bad boy look. I said you have to be kidding there's no way were screwing around in here, someone will here us. Dan gave me a stern look and told me in an impelling voice that if I didn't take the dress off he would. To say the least I was shocked, but I obediently did as he told me. 

When I had finished taking off the dress, Dan used his hands on my shoulders to push me down onto my knees. When I got down there he undid his pants and pressed his semi hard cock to my lips. I did not want to do this but when I looked up at him and he gave me a domineering look. I opened my mouth and he rammed his tool deep in my mouth. I gagged but he continued to shove his cock deeper and deeper down my throat.

When Dan got fully hard he grabbed my hair and brought me back to my feet. I was hoping that this would be over with soon, but the look on his face told me I was in for more. Dan pushed me against the wall hard enough to make a thud. I figured that we would be caught for sure but no one came. I used his knee to spread my legs and with one quick movement he ripped my underwear off me. I went to say something and he kissed me, not sweet and nice but hard and rough. 

I had to bite my tongue not to cry out when he plunged two fingers into me. Dan moved them in and out of me at a steady rhythm. It was actually starting to feel good; my pussy was getting very wet. Dan slipped another finger in me and worked his fingers in and out and around in me. It felt so good I wanted to moan. Dan removed his fingers and handed me my shirt, he told me to put it between my teeth to muffle my moans. Then he turned me around and bent me over. I tried to tell him no but he slapped my ass hard. It hurt badly but for some reason it turned me on more. I put the shirt in my mouth and waited for what was to come next. 

Dan pulled his pants further down his legs and ran his stiff organ between my legs. Feeling his warm hot meat against my sensitive hot spot made me want more of him. I backed up to him and he smacked my ass again and told me he would do it in his own time. I was glad I had the shirt in my mouth or else I would have yelped. Dan continued sliding his head all around my pussy, teasing and taunting my clit and lips. My pussy was moist and my clit hard. Without warning he drove his erection in and hit the spot deep inside me. I moaned loud and Dan pulled my hair and told me to be quite. 

It's not like I could help it. Feeling his hard cock bulldoze in and out of me, I wanted to moan so loud that everyone could here me. I tried so hard not to think about the way his hard manhood was slipping in and out of me, so I wouldn't moan. His pace grew faster and his pounding grew harder. I felt the fireworks go off in my womb and I came hard. I felt myself throbbing, so I know Dan could feel it to. He let out a low muffled moan and he pushed in to me hard and I could feel him explode inside me. He stood there for a few seconds and then withdrew himself from me. 

When I stood up his cream started oozing out of me. He handed me my underwear and I cleaned up. He pulled up his pants and straightened his clothes. I started to get dressed and Dan said we were getting the white dress and the white lace nightgown. 

As Dan walked out of the dressing room he ran right into Mandy. He shut the door and I could here him give her the excuse that he had to help me put the clothes back on the hangers. I quickly got dressed and put all the clothes back on the hangers and shoved the underwear in my skirt pocket and walked out. 

Dan was standing at the register with Mandy, and as I walked up she looked at me and winked. Dan asked if I was ready and I said yes. We went to walk out and Mandy came out from behind the counter and said it was nice meeting you and shook my hand as she did she slipped a piece of paper in my hand and whispered call me. I quickly put the number in my pocket and whispered back I will. 

By the time we got back to the truck it was about 2 o'clock. I asked Dan if we could skip lunch and go back to the apartment. He shrugged his shoulders and said all right. Dan opened my door and when I got in I didn't open his. When he got in he looked a little hurt that I hadn't. The whole ride back to the apartment Dan tried to make small talk and I would only answer with only a nod or a look. 

When we pulled in I grabbed a few bags, got out and went upstairs. I put the bags in the living room and went to take a shower. When I started to undress I remembered the piece of paper Mandy had slipped me. I pulled it and the ripped underwear out of my pocket. I put the underwear in the trash and opened the piece of paper. When I read it my mouth dropped open, and my pussy grew moist again.

Mandy had written that she really felt a connection with me and that she had heard Dan and I in the changing room. She went on to say that she had gone into the other stall and masturbated thinking about making love to me. Mandy wanted me to call her and also said that if I did she would kiss where he had slapped me. I quickly put the note back in my skirt and got in the shower. 

I couldn't believe what she had written and that she had heard Dan smack me. I started to think about what it would be like to have her kiss me and make love to me. When I started lathering myself I got extremely horny. I worked my hands down over my erect nipples and tweaked them hard enough to send shock waves through my body. I worked my hand down further. 

I could imagine the way her tongue would feel on my body. When my hand touched my mound I couldn't hold back a moan. All I could think about was her 36C tits and how I would love to suckle them. I touched my swollen clit and my thoughts went to what it would feel like if she were using her tongue on me. I played with my clit and shoved a finger in my wet hole a few times and I came so hard I moaned. I figured Dan had heard me so I quickly washed my sensitive pussy and got out. 

I grabbed the towel and started to dry off and before I walked out of the bathroom I took the note back out of my pocket and walked into the bedroom and put it in my pillowcase so Dan wouldn't find it. I walked into the living room and told Dan that I was tired and that I was taking a nap, and to wake me up in a few hours. I walked back to the bedroom and threw the towel on the chair and crawled into bed. The last thing I remember thinking about before I fell asleep was Mandy.

Dan woke me up and I asked him what time it was he said about 5 o'clock. He said why don't you get dressed and we'll go eat and grab a few drinks at Cadillac Ranch before we go to Beck's. I quickly got up and went to get the clothes Dan had bought me. I went back into the bedroom with the bag and put it on the bed and started pulling the stuff out. I noticed that there was another bag in there and when I pulled it out and opened it there was a beautiful white bra and panty set. I didn't see Dan buy these. When I looked in the bag there was a note. I read the note and it was from Mandy and it said. "Thought you would like these, when wearing them think of me your new friend Mandy."

I hid the note with the other one and smiled at how sly she was. I figured I should call her and say thanks. Dan got into the shower and I got the number and called her. Mandy picked up on the second ring. I don't know how she knew it was me but she said I take it your calling to thank me. Shocked as hell I asked how did she know it was me? She replied that she had just got the cell phone and she hadn't given the number to anyone yet. I said oh and thanked her for the set and told her that I would definitely think of her when I wore them. 

Mandy then said that she wished she could be that close to my honey pot. I swear I came hearing her say that. Mandy said that she hadn't caught my name when I was there. I told her it rhymed with hers and that I was Brandy. She laughed and said Brandy and Mandy that sounds good together. I heard the shower go off and I told her that I had to go. She quickly asked if we could meet without my asshole of a boyfriend around. I told her yes and that I would call her tomorrow. Mandy said I'll be waiting and hung up.

Dan walked out of the bathroom and asked who I had talked to? I told him Cheryl and said she wanted to find out if we were going to the Cadillac Ranch tonight. Dan asked if she was going there to and I said yes. Phew I thought he could see right through me and know I was lying. Dan said ok and walked back into the bathroom to shave. Damn that was close. I couldn't help but think about what Mandy had said about being as close to me as the set and I got horny again. 

Dan came out of the bathroom and I jumped back into the shower real quick to wet my hair and shave my legs and pussy bare. I got out and dried off and when I walked back into the bedroom Dan had the bra and panty set in his hands. He gave me a funny look and asked where I had gotten them. I told him I bought them before he got home, and that I knew he liked white. It looked like he bought it so I took them out of his hands and laid them on top of the dress. I went to the closet and got my heels out. I grabbed my nylons out of the drawer and set them on top of the set.

I got out my lotion and but it all over me. Dan watched me the whole time; I could see the lust in his eyes. I handed him the bottle and asked him to do my back. He took the bottle and put lotion in his hand. He started rubbing my back and god it felt good. Dan sometimes could be rough but times like these his hands were like feathers across my body. He moved towards me and I felt him grind into me. I could feel that he had a hard on. I turned around and said not now, you'll get your fill of me later. 
