 Part 1

"Jonas?" 

He knows who says it before he even turns around. He would recognize that voice anywhere, despite not having seen each other for a while. Jonas and Kim have been friends for as long as he can remember. They went to school together, but have seen less and less of each other since high school graduation. He doesn't realize how much he misses her until that moment. He always had feelings for her, but after years without any sign from her, he gave up hope that anything would happen between them. The thoughts of her, both romantic and sexual, that once dominated his day dreams began to drift away. But now, every memory and mental image of her flood into his mind. He turns around and before he can say anything she jumps forward to hug him around the waist, pressing her head into his chest. He stands there awkwardly, his mind not working fast enough to tell his body what to do. 

"Hug me, dammit!" Kim smushes her face into a mock scowl. He timidly puts his arms around her shoulders, wrapping them around her back. 

"You call that a hug?" she squeezes harder and his body presses close to hers. His groin rubs against her midsection, and his thoughts immediately go to his dick. 

Before he can get too turned on by the embrace, he blurts out "Uh, how ya been?" 

She takes a step back, stands on her tiptoes, arms behind her back, and smiles up at him. "Still quite the ladies' man, aren't ya?" she says sarcastically. He blushes, and tries to change the subject. 

"I was just about to get lunch, if you're not busy..."

"Why, my dear Jonas. Are you asking lil' ol' me on a date? I am fuh-lat-tered", she says in her best Southern accent, which is laughable, at best. 

They walk to a nearby sandwich shop and hit it off as soon as they sit down. Both of them have recently graduated from college and are home for a while, partially to save money until they find work, partially to avoid the real world. The conversation picks up and they talk about school, careers, family and plans for the summer. It feels like they are picking up right where they left off. Eventually, the conversation turns towards relationships. They find out that they are both currently single. 

"I'm enjoying it actually," Kim says, "there's a sense of freedom that comes with being single. I want to take advantage of that." 

Jonas could understand that. He liked being single as well. "How so?" he asks her. He is curious what her idea of taking advantage of being single is. 

"I just feel like I have been so busy for so long. Everything has been scheduled and I haven't just had time to have fun. I want to have a little freedom, ya know, let my hair down. Do what I want for a change." Jonas listens intently, though at times he finds himself staring at her a little too much. "I...have things that I want to try." Kim says. It seems liked she is off in her own world, thinking a very pleasant thought. 

"Like what?" he asks. 

"Fantasies." she says. The two have always been open with each other. This would have been a normal discussion topic back in school. 

"Like...sexual?" he asks. She gives him a nod, accompanied by a suggestive wink and a slight smile on her face. He's excited about where this conversation is going. "What kinds of fantasies do you have?" She lets out a little laugh, one that tells him it's going to be a long list. 

"Where do I begin? You know how it is, right? I'm sure you've got dozens of your own." He takes a bite into his sandwich. It's all he can do to keep from laughing. She doesn't understand how many of those fantasies she is involved in. Her status as "Guest Appearance" in his masturbation fantasies was upgraded to "Regular Cast" long ago. After all, they had known each other since they were kids. She's always been sexy, and as such, has been constant material for him since he first learned how to jack off. He thinks about her less than he did in school, but it never completely went away. 

"Yeah, I've got a few," he says calmly. Understatement of the year. "Alright," he says, "just tell me one. It doesn't have to be the top one. Just tell me the most recent one you had, or one you have regularly." 

"Well," she adjusts herself in her chair. "Is she getting hot just thinking about it?" Jonas wonders. This must be good. "I want to have a threesome." Kim says nonchalantly. Jonas almost spits out his drink. He isn't so much surprised at what she said as turned on by the thought of it. She laughs at him as he tries to compose himself. 

"Oh, uh, what kind?" He honestly doesn't know which she would like better. Kim is overflowing with confidence, and he knows she could handle two cocks, no problem. But the thought also crosses his mind that she might want to experience another woman in the bedroom. 

"Both?" she giggles, only half joking. 

Jonas tries to pretend like he's far less interested than he actually is. "So you wanna do two guys and two girls?" 

"Sure, why not?" she replies, as if they were discussing ordering a meal they've never tried before. "Don't get me wrong, I love one-on-one action and I wouldn't want to have threesomes all the time, but the thought of it is kind of hot. More bodies, more fun." Jonas thinks about it for a moment; he has daydreamed about threesomes before. It was never a serious thought, just something to get off on. But maybe he does want to try it. "I think it would be super hot having two guys pleasure me," Kim continues to explain. Jonas sees Kim run her tongue between her lips for just a second. "They could work my body over so well. But, I think two girls would be sexy too. I can appreciate a nice female body. She'd have to be smokin' hot though." The two laugh. 

Jonas has always known that Kim was open sexually, but this is all news to him. "Well, why don't you go for it? Which do you want to try first?" She sits, staring at the ceiling thoughtfully. 

"Guys first. It'll get me more into it. I'd be hot to trot if I did two girls afterwards. Plus, I like the attention." A playful smile. She says this last part jokingly, but he knows she means it. She wants the pleasure focused on her. He can't blame her. 

"Alright. Find two guys who are willing to play nice and share. And that don't mind seeing another guy's dick." They both laugh at that. It was an odd aspect of male based threesomes that no guy ever wanted to talk about. There's another naked man in the room. With an erection. That's about to fuck the same girl as you. "You're not gonna make them touch tips are you?" Jonas asks jokingly. 

"Wellll... I'd be lying if I said their might not be a little DP. They can deal with a little cock collision. A minor inconvenience for getting to fuck me. Plus, maybe if they misbehave I'll make them sword fight. Put them in their place." She would too. She was goofy like that. 

"Well what's stopping you then? If it's what you want, go for it." He doesn't love the thought of her having sex with two other men, but if she is going to do it, he can't do anything to stop her. 

"Alright, but I want you to be one of them." Jonas feels surprised and excited at the same time. She sees the shocked expression on his face. "Look. You can never be too careful these days. Especially with a body like this." He always admired how confident she was. It wasn't cockiness, but pride in her small physique. "Who knows what could happen if I went to some stranger's house for sex. I'd feel much safer if I was at least with someone I know." The logic makes sense to him, not that he cares at this point. His fantasies might be about to come true. "Besides..." Kim says, a wicked grin spreading across her face, "I've seen the way you look at me, how you've always looked at me." So she knows. She's always known. She stands up and does a little twirl, ending in a seductive pose. "I know how bad you want this." She waves an open palm along her body, as a game show girl would show a contestant what prize he won. Jonas feels embarrassed, but he can't help but smile at her. What she says is true. He has always thought of her in a more intimate way. Plus she's so adorable, he couldn't be mad if he wanted to. 

He looks at her as she teasingly models for him, hands pressed against the wall, back arched, butt pushed out. He instantly remembers why he had been so attracted to her. She has longer brown hair that occasionally falls in her face. She has enough freckles to be cute but not so many that her face is covered in them. She has a small build, short and skinny, but not to the point that she is practically disappearing. Despite being small, she is very fit. He has seen her in swimsuits and knows that she has nice legs and stomach. She has a tight butt that he had always wished he could spank. She has round, perky breasts, they weren't massive, but he likes them nonetheless. His eyes move along her body, undressing her as he goes. He can't look way. "Yep, that's the look." She says accusingly, and Jonas has to snap out of it. "Looks like somebody else is enjoying the show." Kim's eyes are pointed down towards his chair. He doesn't realize what she's talking about until he sees the bulge in his pants. 

At first, he thinks he should hide it, but knows that she already sees it. He goes for broke. "He'd like to see more." He's never said something that bold to her before, but maybe the possibility of Jonas being intimate with her has changed the dynamic. 

"That can be arranged." She writes down her phone number. It has changed since they last talked. Along with the digits she also writes, "For a good time call", next to a picture of a penis between two breasts that looked like it belonged engraved into a high school desk. She hasn't changed one bit. Jonas writes down his number on another sheet and gives her to her. He makes it look like a business card and writes down the self- appointed occupations of "Hired Cock" and "1/3 of Your Threesome". He assures her that both positions pay very well. They have always had this much fun together. Still, something about it seems surreal. He hasn't seen her in so long, and now he is planning a threesome with her. And they are joking around about it. But this is a very big deal. Not only is he finally going to have sex with her, but another man will be involved. 

His thoughts are racing when she snaps him out of it. "So who's the other guy going to be?"

The next day Jonas's phone rings. "Hey stud." His dick immediately presses against his pants. She has that effect on him. "You find our third?" He has. The previous day she informed him that it was his responsibility to find the "trois" of this ménage-a-trois. He was hesitant at first, but he knew to fulfill his own fantasies of being with her, he had to fulfill hers. At first he considered asking a stranger or somebody that he wouldn't have to see regularly at least. But the more he thought about it, the more he realized he couldn't ask somebody that he wasn't extremely close with. As awkward as it might be with someone he knows, it will be more so with someone he doesn't. Jonas has an old college buddy named Caleb that lives in a nearby city. He knows that as weird as it might be, he can trust him and depend on him to treat Kim right. He called Caleb the night before and he immediately agreed. Jonas knows that Caleb hasn't gotten any action in a while because he tells him on a regular basis. The plus side of asking Caleb is that they're friends, but they don't have to make eye contact for a long while after the threesome because they live in different places. "What's he like?" she asks, clearly anxious for what's to come. This has been her fantasy for so long, and she wants it to be exactly how it plays in her mind. 

"I assure you that you'll be satisfied, both with his looks and with our performance." He finds that he is almost as excited as she is. He's not thrilled about watching another guy fuck her, but he gets to have sex with her, and if he's being honest, the idea of a threesome is actually a little exciting to him. They arrange a time for that weekend, and before he knows it, the plan is set. This is happening. 

Jonas hears a knock at the door on Saturday morning: Caleb. He hasn't seen his friend in about a month, since both of them graduated. He doesn't quite know what to make of this meeting. On the one hand, the two are great friends and they are happy to see each other. On the other, they are both about to participate in their first threesome. With each other. They are about to get very intimate. "I forgot how much shaving your balls itches." Caleb complains as soon as he walks in the door. Always the comedian. His hand is down his pants scratching furiously. Jonas has also just shaved, but he lotioned everything up so it wasn't a problem. 

"Just remember that you're doing it for her." Jonas laughs, but feels for his friend. "Besides, you won't even be thinking about that once things get going." That comment reminds them how awkward things could get, but somehow also eases a little of tension. 

Caleb offers a hand to Jonas. "Eskimo Brothers?" This is extremely weird to Jonas, but he realizes that's Caleb's point. It's going to be weird. For everyone BUT Kim. They might as well have fun with it. 

"Eskimo Brothers." He says as he shakes his hand.

They show up to Kim's place around noon. None of them knew how much time they would want, so they decided to start early. They find the door unlocked and make their way in. Kim has left a note on a ledge right inside. "Hello boys, I hope you're ready for a good time, I know I am. Please Meet me in the bedroom." They both shoot each other a look. "Let's do this" Caleb says. They walk down a hallway to where they assume Kim's bedroom is. Caleb walks into Kim's room when Jonas says, "Hey I'll meet you in there. I'm just gonna use the bathroom and freshen up." Caleb nods and closes the bedroom door. Jonas runs his hands under the sink and splashes water onto his face. "This is really happening." He thinks. He feels a dozen different emotions right now, nervousness, anxiety, excitement, but mostly, he just wants to get started. 

As he raises his head to look in the mirror, he feels a hand reach around his front and grab his balls, and another gives him a little spank and squeeze on his ass. "Hey handsome." 

Kim must have been in another part of the house and snuck up on him in the bathroom. Jonas looks in the mirror and can't believe his eyes. He didn't know it was possible, but she looks even sexier than usual. She loosens her grip on his balls and takes a step back. "Ya like?" She does a little spin for him. He loves when she does that. She has a sexy silk robe on that stops at her thighs, one that's only purpose is to cover up most of her skin until she decides it's time for the boys to see. The robe is white, the color of purity. Jonas thinks Kim looks like an angel. That innocence quickly fades away when Jonas sees what she is wearing underneath. It's slightly open in front, intentionally, no doubt. Jonas can see that she is wearing a sexy black bustier with red lining, and a matching thong. The bustier leaves a little bit of her stomach showing, confirming that she was still as in shape as she was in high school, if not more. She has on lacey black stockings that attach to the bustier, with red bows at the top, by her upper thighs. He is going to have fun taking those off. She wears a pair of black heels that make her ass and legs look incredible. She is sporting a few accessories as well, with thick black bangle on both wrists, and a piece of black material worn around her neck like a collar. Her fingernails are somewhat long and painted dark red to match her outfit. 

"You look...amazing" Jonas replies, having difficulty finding his words. He can feel the heat in his cheeks, and can hear his heart pounding as he slowly moves his eyes across every inch of Kim's body. His breathing quickens, and then stops completely when his eyes find bare skin. A massive bulge forms in his crotch, easily visible to Kim, no doubt. But Jonas doesn't care. He wants her to know how incredible she looks. 

"Just wait until the party gets started." She says, excitement in her voice. He wonders how things could get any sexier. 

"So are you ready?" Kim asks, playfully batting her eyelashes at him. 

"As ready as I'll ever be." 

"Don't worry," she replies emphasizing every word. "I'm going to make sure you feel VERY, VERY good." Her lips glisten and she exaggerates her tongue movements as she speaks. He wonders what her mouth will feel like. They are about to head to the bedroom when Kim places her fingertips against his firm chest, looking up at him with her big doe eyes. "One more thing before we get started." His eyebrows go up, not sure what to expect at this point. She leans up and forward towards him, as far on her tiptoes as her heels will allow. Her tongue flicking against his earlobe with every word she says. His body goes stiff and he gets goose bumps all over. "I want you to USE my body." she says in a sexy whisper. "Make me your sex slave."