 The sex kitten that she is, Kim takes Jonas by the hand and guides him to her room. It's obvious she wants to get things started, and she isn't scared to speed up the process. Jonas can't help but stare at her long, sexy legs, and watch her tight ass move with every step. Kim releases his hand as they enter her room and it slides down her ass and thighs, sending goose bumps throughout Jonas's body. 

Caleb is already stripped down to a grey pair of briefs. Caleb has a nice body, not a bodybuilder builder by any standards, but Kim isn't at all disappointed with what Jonas brought her. "You don't waste time, do you? I'm Kim." Before Caleb can respond, she struts toward him in her heels, breasts bouncing slightly with every step. She grabs the back of his head, pulling him into a deep warm kiss, her other hand on his chest. Caleb is clearly caught off guard, but he quickly recovers, pulling her in towards him. 

Jonas watches the scene playing out in front of him. It doesn't occur to him until now that they are just meeting for the first time. He'd introduce them, but what's about to happen will make Caleb closer to Kim than exchanging pleasantries. Jonas wonders if this sets a record for how quickly two people have fucked after first meeting each other, prostitution excluded. He makes a mental note to send Guinness an inquiry after this is all over. He follows Caleb's lead and takes off his shirt and pants. Jonas is sporting an extremely tight pair of electric blue briefs, his cock practically bursting out of them.

Kim's eyes dart between the two. They aren't Hollister models, but she likes what she sees. They're bigger than she is, and if what she just told Jonas is any indication, she wants them to have power over her. Jonas sees her just watching them and he replays her comment in her head. What did she mean by it? He thinks of how he and Caleb could be in control with her. What would she want them to do? He stands up and nods his head towards Kim. Caleb gets his meaning and they both walk over to her in the center of the room. Jonas reaches one arm around Kim, and places his hand on her ass. As soon as he makes contact with her, he quickly pulls her up close to his body, with force, but not too aggressively. He plants a hard swat on her left ass cheek. He enjoys it, and hopes he can do it again. A moan escapes her lips. For a second, he is worried that he has crossed the line. But then she looks up at him with those eyes and gives him the slightest smile. It was a moan of pleasure, not pain. He can tell that this is what she meant: she wants to be submissive. 

The robe is the first to go. It's sexy, but it covers up the eye candy. The boys both pick an article of clothing and delicately remove it, Kim standing motionless as the boys undress her. They make sure to work over her body real well while slipping the material off. Jonas starts from the bottom and Caleb from the top. Jonas has never had a problem with feet, and he knows some women like a man who's willing to rub their feet before sex. He actually really enjoys doing it, but this is for her pleasure. He kneels down beside her and begins to kiss the outside of her left thigh. He can see and feel the goose bumps creeping up her leg. It makes her skin look even sexier. As he plants light kisses along her leg, he slips off her heels and places them to the side. He lightly massages her feet, pulling at each toe. He turns his attention to her stockings and places one hand between her legs, teasing her pussy but not quite touching it. His hand finds bare skin above the top of her stockings, a small area of her upper thigh. Jonas is careful not to touch her lips. The other hand traces a line up and down her legs on the outside of her stockings. She closes her eyes and he knows how badly she wants his fingers inside of her. 

Meanwhile, Caleb is standing behind Kim, working on her neck and breasts. He needs Jonas to undo the straps between the bustier and stockings, so he's taking his sweet time touching her where he pleases. He continues to kiss and suck on her neck from behind, and reaches his hands around her front to play with her breasts. The bustier has straps, so even though he can't completely take it off, he can pull it down far enough to access her nipples. He moves his mouth to suck and nibble on her earlobe. His fingers find their way to her nipples and lightly pinch and caress them. He alternates between squeezing her breasts and stroking her areolas. Caleb takes her by the chin and pulls her mouth towards his, forcing her into a deep kiss. His tongue finds hers and she moans into his mouth as Jonas's fingers work their way slowly up to her pussy. She likes what these boys are doing to her. She can't stop it even if she wants to. They are in control now. And she loves it.

Caleb continues kissing her, nibbling on her ear, sucking on her neck, all while working magic on her breasts with his hands. Below them, Jonas is playing games with Kim, and she has no choice but to take it as it comes. He plants kisses along her inner thighs, breathing warm air on her pussy, but never quite reaching it. When he has to pull his head out to see the clothes he is removing, his hands take over for his lips. He decides to make use of both and removes the straps of the stockings with his mouth while fluttering his fingers against her panties. The red bows have an amazingly sexy contrast against the black lace of the stockings. He gets the straps undone and begins to remove the stockings. Slowly. Deliberately. His fingers run over every inch of her legs as he pulls down the stockings. He removes them one at a time, enjoying every second. At times, he puts the tops of the stockings between his teeth and puts his hands to better use. He refrains from touching her pussy lips. He loves watching her squirm.

Finally, the stockings find their way to where the heels were thrown. The clothes that cover her skin are gradually piling up around the edges of the room. Kim is left in her bustier and thong. That won't last long if Caleb and Jonas have anything to do with it. Caleb is still using his mouth and hands on her when he feels some tension break from the bottom of the bustier. He realizes that this means Jonas has undone the straps connecting it to the stockings. He places his hands on her hips and moves up close to her. She can feel his hard cock against her back side. Her hands have been at her sides this whole time, and he takes her forearms and begins to raise them towards the ceiling. This raises her breasts, and both boys have to take a moment to admire the view. Secretly, the attention is turning Kim on. Caleb takes the bustier in fistfuls and raises it over her head. Her upper body is revealed, a glint of light flashes from Kim's stomach. A hidden belly button piercing. Surprises are a definite turn on for Jonas. She must have gotten it in college, a spontaneous decision to make her body even sexier. He wonders if this is a hint at how wild she can be. Continuing with the theme of teasing of her pussy, the boys wait to remove the thong and run their hands and lips across her body, one in front and one behind. Caleb puts a little more emphasis on her ass, grabbing it and spanking it with an occasional kiss, and Jonas gets his turn with her breasts. Jonas doesn't realize until now how much he wants to kiss her. The urge overcomes him and he places several fingertips under her chin, digging them in slightly so he can control her head. He pulls her in and their lips lock. Her mouth is warm, and he wonders what it will be like to have his cock in it. Their tongues meet, and rather than simply moving against each other, they dance wildly, moving back and forth between mouths. Suddenly, Kim moans into his mouth. It's not because of the kissing, and it isn't Caleb's hands playing with her ass. Jonas has finally ended his pussy teasing. His fingers are plunged deep inside her, and Caleb is about to join in.

Caleb's left hand continues to work on Kim's breasts, but then he catches drift that Jonas is fingering her cunt, and moves his right hand below. Jonas is still kissing Kim when he feels Caleb's hand reach between her legs. At first he thinks there are too many cooks in the kitchen, but then he has an idea. He allows Caleb's fingers to enter Kim, first one, then two, then three. She lets out a shudder as they move in and out. Jonas had her thong pulled to the side but now that Caleb has taken over he can let go. Having relinquished his position inside her, Jonas turns his focus towards her clit. While Caleb fucks her hole with his fingers, Jonas rubs her with his fingertips. He starts moving them up and down then in circles. At this point, Kim is soaking wet. Her fluids are dripping down her leg, and it is a good thing too, because she is going to need the lubrication. Out of nowhere, her body begins to shake, her eyes flutter then shut, and a low scream escapes her mouth. Her first orgasm of the day. Jonas has fantasized about Kim hundreds, maybe thousands of times, and every one ended in her toe curling orgasm. The truth is her pleasure turns him on. There's nothing sexier to him than making her feel good, and now that he has experienced bringing her to the edge first hand, he wants to do it again. His thoughts race and he contemplates his next step in creating a day of ecstasy for Kim. The boys have to support Kim's weight, the tremors running through her body making her weak in the knees. She holds on to Jonas with her hands, nails digging into his skin with every thrilling jolt of bliss. She bites her lower lip, attempting to suppress the noises coming from her throat, but to no avail. They continue to do their work on her breasts, mouth, and pussy, picking up the pace to match her screams. They begin to subside, and Caleb and Jonas react by slowing down, but not completely stopping. Caleb goes back to his previous routine of working her breasts and kissing her neck. Jonas decides to take this opportunity to finally remove the moist thong and hand it to Caleb, as proof of the good work they've already done. Jonas gives him a nod as he passes him the panties, as if to say, "Keep it up." The thong is soaking wet now, which is just fine because she isn't going to need it anymore.

The boys know that Kim will have to recover from her orgasm. She leans her head against Jonas's chest, hands on his shoulders as she attempts to regain her composure. Jonas looks down at her petite frame, watching her breath deeply, barely able to catch her breath. Her breasts rise and fall with every inhale and exhale, and Jonas is mesmerized by the movement. Kim is naked now except for a few bracelets and a piece of material around her neck. Jonas thought the accessories complimented the outfit well, but now wonders why she chose them. Caleb gives Kim a moment and consolidates the clothes into a pile off to the side, and for a moment, Jonas's eyes meet Kim's. He's waiting for her to make a move. Then he remembers what she said to him. She wanted to be their sex slave. To be used. He is going to have to remember that. He and Caleb are calling the shots now. She wants them to tell her what to do. 

Jonas takes the initiative and removes his briefs, the only thing that has been keeping the boys' cocks from rubbing against Kim. He sees that Caleb has done the same, and awkwardness is palpable. For a moment neither of them knows how close is too close to be, but then Jonas decides to act. He places his hand on Kim's shoulder, a gesture of power, imbalance of positions. He pushes her to the floor and she realizes what is coming next. The boys step forward and she moves into position on her knees in front of them, their dicks standing out attention at her eye level. "I'm a lucky girl. You two don't disappoint. These are the first words she has said since the undressing started. Part of her being submissive is speaking when being spoken to, and Caleb and Jonas have done little of that as well. At this point, she wants to show her gratitude, as well as make the boys feel comfortable. She wants to give them a boost of confidence before they fuck her.

Her hands reach forward to grasp both cocks Jonas in her left, Caleb in her right. Her red nails look sexy wrapped around their shafts, occasionally pressing into their skin. She strokes them slowly, staring up straight into their eyes. As if he wasn't hard enough, Jonas's rod jumps a little higher, her stare practically bringing him to the brink of climax. Something about her looking up as she works their shafts with both hands, it makes him almost shoot his load right then. Jonas looks down and sees that the wood floor between her legs has drops of liquid. He can't help but think how amazing her pussy is going to feel on his cock. She does an incredible job of jacking them off especially considering this is her first ambidextrous jerking adventure. She moves her hands up and down the shafts, rotating her wrists. Despite her abilities, she can only do so much with dry dicks. Suddenly, Kim pulls their cocks close together and places both tips in her mouth. It isn't big enough to fit both, but it doesn't have to. Jonas knows her game. He remembers what she said at lunch about making the guys touch tips. She is teasing them. Even though she's being submissive, she still has some power. They are visibly uncomfortable with the situation; this is exactly what they were worried about making things awkward. For a second, Caleb and Jonas reflexively move back, but Kim makes sure to give them a reason to stay. She wildly flails her tongue around their tips, and they occasionally slide against each other. She acts like she's doing it to lubricate them, but Jonas knows better than that. He sees that devilish smirk on her face, and knows she wants their dicks to touch. Then he realizes that it isn't just a selfish act, it's more than her messing with them. She's doing it to relieve some tension. After all, once your dick touches another guy's, anything else seems normal. 

Her trick works. The boys visibly loosen up as Kim stands up and continues to work their dicks with her hands. And even though he can't say it out loud, Jonas is grateful. He gives her a little wink that Caleb can't see, only breaking character for a second. Jonas then remembers his responsibility in fulfilling her fantasy and places his hand on her lower back, again, establishing his dominance. He motions for Caleb to sit on Kim's bed, and aggressively pulls her over and down to the floor in front of the bed. Kim's bed is massive; plenty of room for the fucking that is to come. Jonas sits down next to Caleb and Kim instinctively grabs their shafts. Jonas takes her head and presses it towards his lap. Her mouth opens to accept his cock. The boys sit on the bed and lean back onto their palms as Kim kneels in front of them and does her work. Her head bobs up and down on Jonas's rod, making it about ¾ of the way down. Jonas gasps as he feels her wet lips slide up and down his member. He has imagined what this would be like, but the feeling is more incredible than he could conceive. He has never felt this degree of pleasure before. And something tells him it will only get better. He tries to form a thought, to analyze what is taking place in front of him, but is unable to do so. His mind is hazy because his cock is submerged in a warm cavern of bliss. Looking down, the site of her sexy lips making a perfect "O" around the head of his penis turns him on even more. Incapable of forming a solid thought, he releases himself to natural instinct and begins to buck his hips toward Kim, fucking her mouth. She accepts the movement, meeting his advances, withdrawing when he does. Jonas is amazed at how instinctive it is for her. What's more, she is able to do so without making eye contact. She focuses solely on the hard rods in front of her, attentive of her work and also maintaining her submissive role. Jonas wants her to look up at him so badly. Her hand works on Caleb's dick but except for the tip, it is still too dry to work with, so she switches her mouth over to Caleb. At first Jonas misses the warmth of her mouth, but then she does something with her hand that makes him forget about the blowjob.

When Kim moves her head between the boys, they take turns holding her hair back. Whoever is receiving takes the length of her hair into a fist, giving them leverage, and the ability to move her head as they please. Occasionally, one of them will get aggressive with her, forcing her down onto his cock and off again, moving her head as he pleases. Wanting to play the submissive role, she does not object, and accepts every forced push and pull. For the most part, though, the boys let her do all the work, recognizing that she apparently understands what they want better than they do. As Kim works on Caleb, making sure to get plenty of spit on his dick, the fingers on her left hand focus on the head of Jonas's. She moves the tip between each of her fingers, pulling them together like a pair of scissors and letting the cock head separate them. It feels incredible to Jonas and he just hopes he can hold out. She continues in a pattern, pinkie and ring finger, ring finger and middle, middle and index, index and thumb, then back again. As she makes the back and forth motion with her wrist, her bangle taps against Jonas's balls, adding an extra sensation. The lubrication from her spit allows her fingers to slip quickly along his dick, so she can move her hand rapidly. The moisture starts to wear out though, and she switches her mouth back to Jonas. She does her finger trick on Caleb, and he lets out a pleasure laugh that turns into a long moan. She's good. Jonas takes in the picture in front of him. A beautiful woman is on her knees, jacking off his friend, and sucking on him. And it is her fantasy. Even though Jonas loves what she had done with her fingers, she is a little more invested with the sucking this time. She runs her tongue in circles around his cock head before plunging her mouth down onto his member. Kim moves her hand up, meeting her mouth as it moves down. She continues in this fashion to cover every inch of flesh. She even bites into the head a little bit, smiling up at him, teeth shining white. She plays with the balls, licks from shaft to tip, and puts it into her cheeks. She knows how to work a cock. 

She alternates between Jonas and Caleb, each getting their fair share of her mouth. Jonas knows that Kim won't move to the next step unless he makes her. He reluctantly pulls her lips off of his shaft, and gets off the bed. He pulls her up onto the bed with little effort, and gives her slap on her ass that leaves a red hand print. He flips her over so she is face up and takes his place down by her pussy. He assumes that she is rested up by now from the last orgasm they gave her. She may want to be submissive but that doesn't mean she can't be pleasured. He trusts Caleb is smart enough to figure out what to do with his dick. Caleb is more than happy to put it in Kim's mouth, only this time, he will be straddling her and holding her hands down. He gives her a little tap against her cheek with his dick. By now he has caught on that Kim wants the boys to make her their sex toy. She sticks out her tongue as he dick slaps her, and then he taps it against her tongue, finally putting it in her mouth. He reaches forward and holds her hands against the headboard while he fucks her little mouth. Before, she decided the speed at which she sucked, but now he is in control. 

As Jonas is about to dive between Kim's legs, he looks up and sees his friends ass thrusting into Kim's mouth. He could've done without that image, but he is glad that the situation is less tense, and that his friend his having some fun. Personally, Jonas wants to taste some pussy. He has always enjoyed eating girls out and he is ready to work on Kim. He places his hands right on her lips, making her think he's going to start. But then he pulls his hands back towards her knees, pushing her legs apart to give him room for his head. He places his arms under her thighs and wraps them over the tops of her legs. He can control her better this way. He kisses along her inner thigh, moving slowly even though he wants to taste her so badly. He lets out a warm breath of air against her lips, just before pressing his mouth against them. As a reflex, she tries to pull her legs up toward her, but he keeps them clamped down. Kim's pussy tastes sweet, giving Jonas all the more reason to devour it. He focuses on her clit, drawing circles with his tongue, then sucking it into his mouth and rubbing it against the inside of his lower lip. She gasps for air, but can't, because her mouth has several inches of hard cock in it. "This is what she wants." Jonas thinks. He continues to work on her pussy, adding his fingers to the equation. While he licks Kim's clit, he buries three of his fingers deep in her cunt. He can see the pleasure sweep through her body as her limbs start to shake. He holds down her legs and pushes his tongue harder against her pussy lips. Kim can't take anymore and she traps Jonas's head between her thighs, holding him in place until he decides to slow down. She plunges her mouth as far down Caleb's shaft as she can. It's all she can do to keep herself still. She lets out an "Mmmmm" onto his rod, sending vibrations throughout it. This sends Caleb over the edge and he cums straight down her throat. Kim accepts it greedily, sucking Caleb until every last drop is extracted. She licks her lips then plants a kiss on his cock head. 
