 I still have trouble believing this all actually happened. I was being transferred about 800 miles away. Julie and I had been dating for a few months, and things were pretty good between us. She was a VERY enthusiastic, if somewhat inexperienced lover, but she said she loved me and would do anything to make me happy. Anyway, we talked about our situation, and, neither of us being thrilled about a long-distance relationship, decided to go our separate ways and see how we felt about each other. I was in the process of packing up my apartment for my move, which kept me occupied enough that I didn't think about Julie except at night. I hadn't slept alone in a while, and missed her tiny(5', 90 lbs.) body snuggled up next to me with her head on my shoulder.

As I was taking some unwanted things to the dumpster, I ran into a really pretty brunette who was about to throw away some boxes. I asked if I could have them, as I was moving out. "What a shame," she replied. "I'm just moving in. Hi, I'm Linda, what's your name?" I told her my name, and we started walking back to the building, where I found out she was moving into the apartment under mine. She asked if I wanted anymore boxes, so I stopped at her place and got several more, which she helped me carry upstairs. All this time, I was trying not to stare at her chest. Unlike Julie, Linda had a nice set of breasts, and it was very obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra under tank top. Linda told me she had just moved from New York, and asked where I was heading.

"Miami," I said.

"Wow, that sounds great. Maybe I'll come visit you and get warm this winter."

"Not a problem," I replied and left to finish packing. "Just my luck," I said to myself while I was packing. "A real fox moves in downstairs, and I leave in 2 days!"

A couple of hours later I took a smoke break, and was sitting on my porch. I had taken off my shirt while I was working, so I was just sitting there in a pair of gym shorts. I heard a knock on the door, and there stood Linda with 2 cold beers.

"I was gonna take a break and cool off, but my shower's screwed up. I was hoping I could borrow yours, so I brought a cold beer as a bribe. Hope you like Michelob."

"Always glad to help a new neighbor. My place is laid out just like yours, so you know where the shower is. The towels are clean, so just pick one."

She headed for the shower, and I went back to the porch after I put the beers in the fridge to stay cold. Might as well be a gentleman and wait on her to join me. I had just sat down and was lighting a smoke when I heard Linda behind me.

"Can I bum one of those? I decided to just get wet and cool off."

I turned around to see her standing there in a soaking wet tank top and white shorts, obviously wearing nothing underneath!. I lit her cigarette, then went to get the beers, trying to look nonchalant. We sat on the porch, and Linda propped her feet up, so I was looking right up her shorts at her closely trimmed bush! Needless to say, I reacted like any normal guy would, and felt myself getting really hard, real fast! Definitely as awkward situation, since I wasn't wearing anything under my shorts.

"People really are friendlier down south" Linda said. "I've never been welcomed with by a good-looking guy with a hard-on."

"Well, I've never had anyone borrow my shower before, so I guess we're even."

We both laughed, and I had the feeling I wasn't going to bed alone that night. Then Linda commented that she'd never seen a cock as big as mine (I'm about 8 inches, and very thick), and asked if my girlfriend was able to take it all.

"She never could take more than half of me in her mouth, but we managed okay otherwise," I said, looking her straight in the eye, just wondering what she was going to say back.

"I've never tried one that big, but I bet I can take you." With that, Linda stood up, walked over and grabbed me by the cock, and led me back inside.

We were naked in no time, our mouths locked together, tongues exploring each other while our hands roamed each other's body. Linda stood about 5"8", so if felt a little funny after being with someone a foot shorter, but I quickly adjusted. I kissed my way down her throat to her breast, letting my tongue trace around her breast, teasing her by almost touching the nipple, then moving away. Finally, I ran my tongue over her nipple, which instantly hardened under my tongue, begging me to suck on it. Linda's moans told me she liked it, so I gave her other breast the same treatment before continuing to kiss my way down to her mound. I've always prided myself on being a "cunning linguist", since most guys won't take the time to really get a lady off first. I went to work with my tongue, and Linda's knees went weak. We ended up on the bed, her ankles locked behind my head, running my tongue over her clit while I fingered her vagina. I ran my finger, wet with her juices, across her lips, and she eagerly sucked it clean. I put two fingers in this time, then pulled my middle finger out and slowly pushed it into her tight little anus and began finger-fucking her vagina and butt. I felt her anus tighten around my finger and her legs pull my mouth against her dripping sex, and she began to orgasm.

"Oohhhhh God! Oh God! Oh God! Don't stop! Don't stop! Ohhhhhhhhh!

I pulled my fingers out of her and quickly moved up so that her legs were on my shoulders and slowly pushed my cock into her. I began to slide in and out, pulling my cock almost all the way out before pushing in all the way, rapidly building up speed until I thought we'd break my bed.

Linda must have sensed that I was about to come, and pushed me away. "I want to take it in my mouth" she said huskily, and rolled me onto my back and began to deep-throat me as fast as she could. She ran her fingers across my lips, and I sucked on them, then she suddenly shoved one up MY ass and started finger-fucking my just as fast as she was bobbing up and down on my cock. that was all it took, and I exploded in the most intense orgasm of my life. I was seeing stars! 

After about a minute I stopped pumping, and Linda kissed her way across my belly up to my mouth, and sucked my tongued into her mouth. It tasted kinda strange, the combination of her vagina and my cum, but at that point I couldn't care less. We lay there sweating and exhausted, trying to catch our breath, when Linda looked me in the eye and said "I know it'll probably hurt like hell, but I've always wanted to try anal sex, and I might as well go all the way and take your monster cock the first time."

"My pleasure" I replied. She lay her head on my shoulder and we drifted off to sleep.

To Be Continued...