 This chapter is a straight continuation of the previous one (12). You don't need to read the previous ones but I think you'd enjoy it more. 

*

The two sets of husbands and wives continued their kissing and moved on to groping and giggling. Gavin was looking forward to getting his wife home and making love to her 'properly'. Elaine lay under her husband she was grinding her pelvis against his and enjoyed the feel of his hands kneading her covered breasts. She was particularly enjoying watching Mike do the same to Louise, Louise was making small whimpering noises while Mike nuzzled her neck and ear lobe. Louise returned Elaine's gaze.

Gavin had been holding back the urge but what with all the drink and the grinding of his wife's groin, he simply had to go to the loo. "I need to pee." He whispered in Elaine's ear. 

"You better go then." She replied, a little louder.

They disentangled themselves and Gavin sauntered off to the bathroom, leaving Elaine on her back with one foot on the floor. Elaine sat up and began rearranging her dishevelled clothing. Mike and Louise both watched as Gavin left the room. 

"Phew!" said Elaine with a smile. "You two should get a room," she joked.

Louise and Mike exchanged glances.

In the bathroom Gavin was having difficulties. He was bursting for pee but his cock was rigid. He looked at the ceiling which was in imminent danger of getting a urine bath. He tried to push the end of his cock down to point at the toilet but to no avail.  He looked around the room and his eyes fell on the shower cubicle, "Nothing else for it" he thought to himself and opened the shower door. Almost instantly his bladder let rip and a golden arc set forth from his penis and splashed against the back wall of the shower. "Ahhhhhhhh". After what seemed like an age, the flow subsided and his penis actually relaxed a little. He shoved it back in his pants and set about working out how to run the shower to wash away the evidence.

Finally, the deed was done and he exited the bathroom, he wanted to get Elaine home now, he was more than ready to take her to bed. He re-entered the living room to find is wife and Louise stood next to each other holding hands, Mike was still sat on the couch, he was looking at his feet. Elaine smiled at him as he entered. 

"Gav?" She said.

His wife only ever called him Gav when she wanted something. "What?" he asked suspiciously.

"Louise and I have been talking, and ...she would like to take you to her bedroom." The words ran out of her mouth quickly so as to get it over with. She felt like cringing but did not actually wince.

"Why?" He replied. It was the single most stupid question he had ever asked.

Elaine tilted her head to one side and raised her eyebrows, giving him the "Why do you think?" look.

"Ah!" He said as it dawned on him. He had drunk too much for his brain to process the situation. "What will you do while we're... while she's....?"

Mike gave a small sputtering cough, Gavin jumped and looked at him, as if for the first time. 

"Well, perhaps Mike could show me the spare room." said Elaine.

His alcohol soaked brain cells were now up to speed on the situation. He looked at Mike who continued to sit and examine his shoes. He looked at Louise who frankly looked fabulous and she pursed her lips and blew him an exaggerated kiss. He looked at his wife who smiled, tilted her head slightly to one side and shrugged her shoulders.

It was his decision.

That he wanted to fuck Louise was a no brainer, but did he want, or more correctly, was he prepared to let, Mike fuck his wife? Did she actually want to go to bed with another man? Could he bear to have another man know her that way? Despite his recent exploits the hypocrisy of his thoughts failed to register. The kissing earlier on had turned out to be fun, in fact he had been mesmerised and tremendously turned on watching Elaine bare her breasts to Mike, but this was somehow different, this was premeditated. 

"I'm not sure I could ....", he started.

Elaine held out Louise's hand to him. "Of course you could."

Robotically he took the offered hand. Mike exhaled a long breath as if he had been holding it.

"It'll be fun. I promise." said Louise, "Mike, why don't you show Elaine where the spare room is." 

"Sure", he said, and looked at Elaine, who smiled down at him. Elaine held out her hand to Mike who took it and stood up. Mikes eyes caught Gavin's and he gingerly nodded. 

Elaine looked at her husband, she could see the tense uncertainty in his face, she leaned her mouth to his ear and whispered, "I love you." Then a little louder, "Now go and be as good as I know you can be." She kissed his cheek.

Louise looked at Mike and Elaine, "Have fun." She said to both of them, and meant it.

Elaine led Mike towards the door. "Actually, I know where the spare room is. Come on you, get upstairs." Mike did not put up a fight.

Gavin watched as his wife climbed the stairs leading another man to a bed, to nakedness, to embraces, to kisses, to her cunt.

"Fuck!" he muttered.

"Hmmm. Sounds like a plan." Said Louise. Gavin did not respond. She squeezed his hand. "Hey, hello." Gavin finally looked away from the now empty staircase in the hall, and towards Louise.

"Doesn't it bother you?" He asked. 

She shook her head. "It really doesn't" she replied, "I love him, and I know he loves me. I want him to enjoy himself. As for Elaine? You know we have a thing going, and I care for her very much, so I want the two people I care for to enjoy themselves. Besides, it's a real turn on for me. Look we can stop this now if you want to. Or", she pulled his hand to her breast, "You can undress me and fuck my brains out." She moved his hand down her body to her crotch. 

Gavin looked at the hand, he looked at the breasts, he looked at the perfectly made up face. Louise really was very beautiful and she smelled of heaven.

"You helped me come earlier, the least I could do is return the favour." She said. Using her own hand to rub the front of his trousers.

There were two loud clomping noises from the room above them, unmistakably the sound of shoes dropping to the floor. They both raised their eyes to the ceiling.

"Come on Gav let's go make some noise of our own."

Gavin breathed out heavily through his nose. For once, it was his mind that was making the decisions not his trousers, but for once his mind and his cock agreed. 

"Take me to bed Louise."

She stepped in closer to him and lifted her lips to his. Softly they kissed, her hand still rubbing the front of his jeans, his cock hardening every second. She pulled away.

"Come on, follow me. She headed out the door and up the stairs with Gavin in close pursuit. He could not help feeling her bum as it wiggled up the stairs. 

Louise led him along the landing to her and Mike's bedroom. The door to the spare room was directly across the landing, it was closed. As Gavin entered Louise's bedroom, he heard a loud groan emanate from behind the closed door opposite. It was a man's voice and it sounded like it was having a good time. "Fuck!" he thought, and stared at the closed door. Louise took his wrist and pulled him further into her room.

"Never mind them." she said softly. "Come here and kiss me."

Gavin was feeling torn. If Louise had said that at any time in the past he would have been on her like a rash, but this was so different, his wife was just a few feet away doing God knows what to another man, he was being offered a winning lottery ticket but he was paying as much as he was going to win, and it felt too expensive.

Louise moved around to be in front of him, "How about I take your mind off things?" She dropped to her knees and began unzipping his jeans. A few seconds later they were around his ankles, along with his black briefs. The groan from the other room had drained the life from his cock. "Hmmm, I like a challenge." she said.

It was not so much her cold hands cupping his balls but a draft from the slightly open window that wafted across his bum that brought his attention to the room he was in and Louise massaging his almost flaccid cock. 

"Well," he thought, "if I'm going to pay this much, I'm going to get my money's worth." "Let me get these off." He said, and pulled away from her to remove the jeans and pants. His shoes socks and top soon followed, till he was standing naked before Louise in her bedroom. The only light in the room came from the landing through the open door. He moved to the doorway and closed it rather too loudly. Just as he did so, the other voice in the spare room uttered an "ooooooooh". He switched on the light.

"Do you mind if we don't have that on?" suggested Louise, "I'm a little nervous myself."

Actually he did mind, he wanted the full experience and fumbling around in a room with only a dim streetlight to illuminate things did not fit the bill. Louise was the best looking woman he had ever been with and he wanted to see it all.

"Fine," He said, and switched it off again.

He crossed the room to the bed, tripping on a pair of Mike's shoes on the way. He sat on the end of the bed, Louise, fully clothed, stood before him. Gavin pulled Louise by her hips close to him. She embraced his head and his face nuzzled her tummy while her breasts brushed the top of his head. He kissed her tummy; she was warm and smelled of expensive cosmetics. His hands wandered around to her bum cheeks and he gently massaged them. His cock twitched in appreciation of the feel of them. Louise bent and kissed the top of his head. "That feels nice." She said. Encouraged he moved his hands lower down to her knees and back up again this time under her dress. Feeling her firm nylon covered thighs, higher to her hot and still nylon covered buttocks. 

"I like tights." He said. 

"I could put on some stockings if you prefer." "No. I mean it, I do like tights."

"Not many men do, but they are practical."

"They are also easy to tear off." Gavin suggested.

"Oooo, you fancy that do you?"

Gavin quickly swung her around so that she lost her footing and sprawled onto the bed. 

"Yes I bloody well do." He said, and stuffed his hands up her dress to take a hold of the frail nylon garment. He managed to get a finger hold of the tights just above her pubic bone, and pulled until his fingers went through, loudly tearing a hole in them.

"Oooo, come on then mister caveman, do your worst." She giggled.

Gavin knelt above her and used both hands to rip his way to her silky black panties. 

Louise wriggled under his attack, she was actually getting very turned on by this brutish approach. Mike was always quite gentle and slightly in awe of her, so this made a surprising change. Gavin meanwhile buried his face between her legs and was openly inhaling the moist black gusset that separated him from her womanhood. 

"Ohh yes, go on, smell my pussy, you dirty man." She was not sure where that had come from, but, "what the heck" she thought.

Gavin did. He pushed his nose against the furnace hot material and inhaled. She smelled musky and sexy and ready. Using his fingers he pulled the panties aside, cursing the fact that the room was so dark. He extended his tongue and trailed it roughly across he swollen cunt lips. Louise grunted in approval. Placing his hands on her inner thighs he prized her open exposing her inner most secrets, her pink cunt glistened in the darkened room, he pushed his tongue into her wet hole and lapped at her moistness. Louise gurgled and hissed. His tongue moved its attention to her hard swollen clitoris and circled violently around it. His mouth covered her clit and cunt and he shook his head from side to side like a dog with a bone.

"Yes... yes...don't stop... yes" she yelped. 

Suddenly she convulsed pushing his head firmly away, but he pushed back, his tongue did not relent. 

"Gavin.. stop...please, I can't take anymore.. please... oooohhhhh. Fuck!" She shouted.

Gavin came up for air, but pushed a finger into her gripping vagina. 

"Fuck me, put it in me now!" She breathlessly demanded.

Gavin became aware that his cock was rigid and ready. He climbed on top of her, and used his hand to hold her panties to the side and guide it to her entrance, sliding it back and forth between her cunt lips to lubricate his engorged cock head. Having found his target he paused, savouring the moment. Beneath him Louise panted in anticipation. 

He tensed his hips and thrust forward slowly but strongly. His cock pierced her opening.

"Wait!" she shouted and pushed him over to one side.

"What the fuck!, Why? What's wrong?"

"Condoms!" She almost sobbed, "We need a condom." 

"Oh Christ! I thought you'd be on the pill. Look I'll be careful, I won't come inside you."

"Yeah right! Besides the way I was feeling a moment ago, I wouldn't have let you come anywhere else. Look I'll be right back, Mike has some in his wallet."

"Where's his wallet?"

"In his trousers of course."

"You mean .. in there?" He waved towards the door.

"Yes. In there." She rolled off the bed and headed towards the door.

"You can't go in there."

"Why not? Neither of them have anything I haven't seen before.?"

"But they're ... they're.. " He couldn't bring himself to say it.

"So were we a moment ago."

"Anyway, you can't go in there like that." He gestured towards her.

"Like what? I'm perfectly decent and they have both seen me looking far from that."

"Exactly!... You're still dressed."

"What?"

"You're still dressed."

"Well my tights might argue with that but yes I am."

"It won't look like I've... we've done anything." "Oh for goodness sake. Is this a macho competitive thing?"

It was. "No, of course not." 

He leaned over and turned on the bed side light, he was sick of talking to a shadow somewhere in the darkness. In the light Louise looked somewhat flushed and was developing a severe case of 'bed hair', her tights had a long ladder in them that reached her calf.

Louise smiled. "Would it help if I took my dress off?"

Gavin thought that a woman taking her dress off was always very helpful.

"It might." He said. 

Louise moved back to the bed, she noticed in the light that Gavin's cock was still hard, and despite the fact that she had seen it before, its length surprised her. "Undo me." she ordered, turning her back and lifting her hair to allow him access to the zip and tiny button. Gavin obliged, slowly pulling the zip down to her panty line.

"Thank you." She said. 

He couldn't help but insert his hands inside the open dress and reach around to her bra covered breasts. Firmly he squeezed them, nuzzling her neck at the same time. Louise breathed in deeply, she loved having her neck kissed, she loved having her breasts played with. "Hmmmmm" she mewed. Gavin began raising her bra over her tits and she remembered what she was supposed to be doing. With his hands still fumbling at her chest, she managed to shuffle off the dress. Gavin gave up trying to lift the bra. Louise turned to face him; one tit, complete with very extended dark pink nipple, was uncovered whilst the other remained firmly in place. 

"Will I do now?"

Gavin looked her up and down, close up it was apparent that her makeup was smeared, her tights were torn to shreds, her knickers were still over to one side exposing her protruding cunt lips, his gaze came to rest on her exposed breast hanging out of her disarrayed bra, he licked his lips at the sight of her long erect nipple. She looked like a rape victim.

"Perfect." He said.

Louise padded across the room, and opened the door; two more steps took her to the spare bedroom door. She paused momentarily, listening for any noise coming from within. She did not want to knock; frankly she wanted to catch the pair 'at it'. It amused and aroused her. Carefully and quietly she opened the door wide.

Gavin remained on the bed from where he could see all the way into the opposite room. He heart was in his mouth as Louise opened the door, he was both sacred and desperately curious of what was occurring in that room. 

The first thing he noticed was that the light was on. The second thing was his wife, who was on a bed, naked from the waste down, upright on her knees facing away from him she was sitting astride a gorilla's face. The third thing, was the gorilla, which was lying flat on its back legs hanging over the end of the bed, it was wearing socks but nothing else, it appeared to be playing with the tube from a toilet roll. It slowly dawned on him that the tube was actually Mikes penis. "Fuck!" he mouthed silently. Elaine was gyrating her pelvis rubbing her cunt on his face and making small grunting noises. Louise entered the room fully and Elaine snapped her head around.

"That looks like fun." said Louise, "I'm really sorry to disturb you but I need Mikes wallet."

There was a muffled noise from the gorilla. Elaine raised herself a little so it could speak. 

"Why do you need my wallet? He's not charging you is he?"

"No darling, I need some thingies."

"Oh, I see." the gorilla didn't sound overly happy about that. "My trousers are over there." A hairy arm waved in the direction of a chair. Louise retrieved the 'thingies'.

"Are you two ok?" Elaine asked Louise, but turning around so that she could see Gavin in the other room. It was a shock to see him naked on another bed watching as she sat on another mans face.

"Very OK thanks" said Louise.

Elaine lifted a leg that allowed Mike to shuffle out from under her crotch. Mike avoided looking at Gavin but when he saw his wife's state of dress he glared at him. "What the hell's he done to you?"

"Nothing, I didn't enjoy, darling. Now why don't you carry on with what you were doing?"

Elaine gave Gavin a little wave. Gavin nodded his head in acknowledgment. Gavin felt like he was in a dream, this was all too weird. Louise wiggled out of the spare room. "If you wear him out Elaine, you know where I am" she winked. Elaine smiled; the thought of being sandwiched between the husband and wife pair aroused her more than a little.

"Yes" said Elaine.

Louise returned to Gavin, closing the doors behind her.

"They seem to be getting on OK." She said.

"Hmm"

Louise climbed onto the bed; she tossed the condom packets on the pillow. She pulled off her ruined tights, unsnapped her bra clasp, shuffled it off and rearranged the gusset of her knickers into a more comfortable position. "Now where were we?" she said in a slightly husky voice.

They lay on their sides facing each other, arms intertwined and kissed, long and deep. Louise felt his hardness pressing her abdomen and reached a hand down to grasp him firmly; slowly she pumped his cock making low murmurs of approval. Gavin rocked his hips, thrusting his cock harder between her slender fingers. Still they kissed, tongues wrestling in and out of each others mouths. Gavin squeezed her breast pinching the elongated nipple firmly, Louise mewed her appreciation. Finally he broke their kiss and moved his lips to her engorged nipple which he suckled on, still she pumped his cock, her other hand ruffling hair on the back of his head as she pulled him closer to her excited teat.

"Oooh fuck, yes, suck my tits, suck my tits, you filthy boy" The words turned him on more and he sucked harder, harder than he would ever have dared do to Elaine.

"God! My cunt's on fire, suck my tits Gav." Maintaining the lip lock on her long excited nipple, Gavin stretched out his arm to feel her hot, well trimmed cunt. His fingers easily slipped between her swollen lips and her wetness was instantly apparent. He rubbed her clit with his lubricated finger; Louise drew a sharp breath through her teeth and grasped at his hair.

"Lick me there... please... lick my cunt."

Pulled away from her and switched ends aligning his face with her hot cunt. The intoxicating smell of her sex filled his nostrils and he buried his face between her legs. Louise regained a hold of his erection, now at eye level with her. As Gavin licked at her clitoris she pumped his cock with a vice like grip. Momentarily Gavin removed his lips.
