 The adventures in our naked paradise get wilder...

I almost felt as if I was drunk. Truly, I was euphoric from the day in the sun and water, from being free and naked, and from all the sex I'd just enjoyed and witnessed. Ahh... bliss!

I realized that I hadn't even thought to pull my sheer white cover-up over my body before we walked back to our room, but it didn't matter. I liked being nude and to have people looking at me. The thought of dicks twitching and pussies moistening as people looked me over. I was so fucking horny!

I tried to re-focus, take in the beauty of the resort grounds as we walked toward our room. The brilliant blue sky, palm trees swaying in the breeze, bougainvillea bushes smothered in gorgeous flowers, that lush tropical grass along the walkway. Jack's fresh cum squishing out of my pussy as we walked kept me happily distracted.

We got to the room and basically crashed onto the bed. We cuddled.

"You are an amazing, sexy woman, Katie." Jack whispered in my ear as he pulled me close.

"I'm having a nice time." I responded, and shivered as I orgasmed one more time. "It was a fun day."

"Let's get some rest." He suggested, and flicked on the TV as we lay back to relax.

Of course, he tuned it on to one of the non-stop porn channels that is constantly available and included in the inclusive package here. Like I needed to watch more sucking and fucking! I did though, and gently fingered my clit until I must have fallen asleep.

It was late afternoon by now and I decided to take a long, lazy bubble bath. Soon dinner time approached and I chose to get dressed in a pretty yet scanty little flowered skirt and a gossamer white tank top. That's all I'd need to be comfortable for a warm tropical evening, and I didn't want items that might get in the way for later. I was ready in no time with my four articles of clothing -- shirt, skirt, and two shoes.

We rambled around the grounds, sipping a soothing mango and vodka beverage. We went out onto the dock and watched the awe-inspiring tropical sunset, then headed to the main restaurant before the evening festivities got underway.

The ocean front setting was just spectacular. There were classic tables with white cloth coverings and nice cutlery, exceptional service, and a comfortable, relaxed atmosphere. A few of the patrons were whooping it up a bit, and it was all good. We expected that display of early enthusiasm suggested it would be a fun and exciting night to come.

Unknown to me, Jack had made some arrangements in advance.

"Katie, happy birthday!" he stated warmly, and he looked so happy and sincere. "I know your birthday was a couple of weeks ago, but I booked ahead so you could have some of the house extra specials, along with a bit of your favorite wine. They actually flew it in for you."

We dined. Among other beautifully prepared special dishes I had their lobster. It was so delicious! A chilled bottle of champagne washed it all down.

The crowd from the restaurant began to slowly trickle toward the resort stage and festival building. Soon we joined the crush and probably a hundred or so sexy men and woman filled the various tables and chairs, benches and sofas.

Drinks were flowing freely, and a six-man band played some soothing tropical music softly in the background. Apparently the resort often has theme nights where it's suggested people should dress up in any variety of wild costume concepts. Tonight though seemed to be easy casual. The ladies were all in beach-type wear with cover-ups or less, and the guys in collared shirts and shorts. Very laid back and non-presumptuous, and I liked that.

Soon a hunk-of-muscle black man in way-too-tight white spandex shorts and nothing else stepped from behind a curtain and onto the stage, microphone in hand. He introduced himself as Carlos, the Master of Ceremonies for the evening. I felt a quiver in my pussy and my intuitive husband looked into my eyes and smiled. I think he can read my mind.

Carlos very enthusiastically welcomed us guests, and quickly had the crowd enthused and laughing. The band amped up the sound with some great tunes. Some enormously talented and scantily clad dancers did some clearly risqué and suggestive numbers on stage, and a couple of singers performed. This place was very entertaining.

Next it was time for some audience involvement and that beautiful MC Carlos had people come up for trivia questions and a variety of fun challenges. The best part was if someone answered a question wrong or provided some kind of incorrect response, the penalty was usually to surrender an article of clothing.

Carlos had clearly developed a routine that was both hilarious and nefarious, and he was damn good at it. Before long there were at least a dozen male and female guests up on the stage, recently naked due to being tricked out of their clothes, with more folks joining all the time.

Jack wouldn't think of holding me back, and promptly I found myself on stage surrounded by hot, gyrating nakedness. MC Carlos took an appreciative look at me and whistled suggestively into his microphone.

Once he'd asked me the simple things, like my name and where I was from and so on, the real questions started.

"Katie, you're a very attractive lady. Are you smart?"

"I'd like to think so." I responded coyly as he put the microphone to my lips.

"Excellent. Name a state that starts with the letter T."

"New York!" I exclaimed with a wide grin.

"Oh... Katie, too bad, that's wrong. You'll have to remove an article of clothing." He called out, addressing the crowd to a series of hoots and cheers.

I smiled, quickly grabbed the mike from his hand and stated loudly, "My top is really snug. Would you mind just ripping it off of me?" I knew I wouldn't be needing it anymore tonight.

He paused for a second, then after I gave him a reassuring nod, he grew a beautiful, toothy smile. His big hands reached toward my tummy and he easily tore my little white tank top from bottom to top. My firm double-D boobs were on full display for all to see. I handed him back the mike so I could wiggle the shredded shirt from my shoulders. The crowd whooped and hollered.

I loved having all those people looking at my breasts, and I trembled through a mini-orgasm.

"Katie, you are the fun one." Carlos stated. "You want to try another question?"

"Can I ask you one?" I requested, pulling on the mike.

"Uh... sure."

I think I caught him a little off guard.

"What's my middle name?" I asked.

"I have no idea, you brat."

"Your turn! Let's see the goods!" I exclaimed into the microphone.

The crowd was hooting and going wild as he cautiously, teasingly, expertly pulled off his spandex shorts. The ladies throughout the room screamed to high heaven as his sizable, dark manhood became fully exposed. It looked very enticing.

Standing there, fully naked and smiling, MC Carlos stated, "Katie, you tricked me. Now look, I've got nothin' on!"

I pulled the mike toward and stated, "Oh you poor, shy man! Let me cover that up for you!"

I released my grip on the mike and bent over fully, pushing the top of my head and my light brown hair into his crotch while ensuring my tiny skirt rode up so the audience could get a great look at my tight, bare butt. Based on the noisy response, it was an appreciated maneuver.

I stood, turned and gave a slight bow to the crowd to acknowledge their ongoing support. Then I turned to MC Carlos and gave him a nice, warm kiss. He stood wide-eyed as I slowly, sensuously felt and slid my way down his muscled body until I was on my knees. I grabbed onto his rapidly engorging dick and stroked it slowly, staring at it, grinning all the time.

I smiled up at him, then turned my head to smile at the crowd. Someone started to shout, it might have been Jack. The shouting grew, and it became a roar.

Soon the entire audience was chanting in unison, "Suck that cock! Suck that cock!"

I realized I was on my knees, in public, gently stroking a stranger's penis. I looked up and Carlos nodded at me. It was up to me. I licked my lips and took the big, purple head of his dick into my mouth. I orgasmed.

The crowd kept shouting. I stroked my mouth back and forth over his cock. It kept growing. Soon it was a thick ten inches. I pulled back so the audience could see the beautiful enormity of it. Ladies were squealing.

The chanting continued. I took him fully down my throat, balls to the chin, and the men started to holler. I pulled all the way back to the very tip, then all the way down again. Then I gave him an intense throat fucking in front of a hundred people. I orgasmed so hard I had to stop until my shuddering and quivering ended.

Another lady moved in beside me. I offered her Carlos' big dick as I recovered. A man stepped up beside Carlos. I grabbed his erection and sucked it straight down my throat. I knew the crowd was still hollering, but I could barely hear them. I was in my happy place.

I glanced around. Every naked man on the stage was getting his cock sucked. Ladies were on their knees, performing just like I was.

More people hopped up onto the stage. There were no clothes. Six or more of us more adventurous ladies formed a circle, all kneeling and facing outward. Naked men circled around us. There were hard cocks everywhere.

I was living my fantasy. Someone would step toward me and I'd take his throbbing dick right down my throat. He'd groan as I throat fucked him. Then someone would say it was his turn. A beautiful cock would be pulled from my grip only to be immediately replaced by another. I'd stroke it, squeeze new balls, and pop it into my eager mouth.

I'd get to suck it for a bit, deepthroat it, then the next one would arrive, and so on. A couple of ladies joined the men in the rotating circle. I got to lick some clits and taste some pussy juice.

Some of the guys started to orgasm. I got to swallow a few loads of cum. The other girls did too. At least twenty or twenty-five guys had got up onto the stage. I think I got to suck every one of their cocks. I thought I'd died and gone to heaven. The excited noise of the crowd was spectacular.

Carlos was still there. He'd made sure to plug his big cock into every one of the ladies' mouths. He still had the microphone and he made glowing compliments about each of our talents as he circled us.

He got back to me after most of the other guys had ejaculated. His huge, black cock was fully erect, and it looked like he was ready to orgasm.

"Hi again, Katie. Are you having fun?" He asked over the microphone so all could hear.

He put the metal mike head against my lips, but all I could say was, "Holy... fuck!"

"I'm ready, if you want it." he spoke loudly.

I nodded, grabbed hold of his big tool and massaged his impressive balls. I was vaguely aware the crowd the crowd had started chanting again.

"Suck it, Katie! Suck it, Katie!"

Oh fuck, I did. I drew him fully down my throat so my nose was pressed against his muscled tummy. I held him there, totally immersed, and massaged the big head with my trained throat muscles. He moaned into the microphone as I began to throat fuck him from the tip of his cock to the base. Loud cheers resonated throughout the building.

He still had the mike. He shouted into it, "Holy fuck, Katie! You're gonna make me come!"

I pulled back and stroked his big cock. I wanted everyone to see that first squirt of his semen as it fired out of his dick. My mouth was open and ready.

His hips began to thrust back and forth, every muscle in his body tensed up, and I felt his cock and balls spasm in my hands. I stroked the shaft and he began to grunt like a massive bear. A huge ribbon of hot, white cum erupted from the purple tip of that big cock and shot right into my mouth.

I wrapped my lips back around it for the next squirt. He shouted "Uh... uh... uh!" into the microphone with each surge as he pumped out a great big, glorious load of cum. I caught it all, and I came so intensely I almost passed out.

The surging decreased, and soon his ejaculation had ended. I had a mouth filled with his beautiful, pleasured cock and a hot load of his cum.

"Sweet Jesus, girl." I heard him say, "You know how to suck a cock!"

I managed to nod my head, but I wasn't ready to release him yet.

"You gonna swallow that?" he asked so all could hear.

I pulled my head back and gradually let the head of his slowly relaxing dick slide out from between my lips. I puffed my cheeks in and out to swish his cum around, then turned my head to the crowd and opened my mouth so they could all get a look at his big, creamy load.

I tried to be careful, but some trickled onto my chin and I had to use my fingers to guide it back inside my lips. The chanting started again.

"Swallow it! Swallow it!"

I smiled and tilted my head back just a bit. I wanted to stand and show off for them, but I felt too wobbly. Almost every time I swallow a cum load I orgasm, and this was going to be an intense one.

Smiling, almost naked, on my knees in front of a hundred people at center stage, I swallowed MC Carlos' big cum load in one satisfying gulp. The audience went crazy. I climaxed uncontrollably.

I was paralyzed in ecstasy and couldn't find the ability to move at the moment, so I stayed squatting on my knees and watched. In a matter of seconds, a herd of people swarmed the stage.

It seemed everyone could tell I was off in my own private La-La-Land. I got a few pats on the head and heard several random compliments, but everyone was giving me my moment as I stared off into space.

Soon I began to notice that people were fucking on the floor, the tables and the sofas. The stage turned into a sexual grandstand with cocks getting sucked and pussies being eaten. Threesomes and more were erupting everywhere. One guy was sitting alone at his table, smiling.

I managed to raise my butt up from my heels, then with a little extra concentration, I was standing. I hopped off the stage and went to that table.

"That was quite the fucking performance, Katie." Jack stated, then suggested, "Have a seat."

I sat but couldn't find any words. My soaked pussy made a squishy, sucking sound on the chair. I was still consumed by the overwhelming lust and the empowerment of such an incredible sexual experience.

"You okay?" he asked, sounding truly concerned.

I nodded, but the thrill and the orgasmic rush was still coursing through me.

Finally, I pulled it together enough to comment, "I guess you saw all that."

"Oh, yeah. You were something else, Katie."

"Are you mad at me?"

"Katie, that was you in your most natural situation. If I was going to get mad about that, we would have parted ways years ago. I know you were in your happy place."

"You're the best husband ever."

"Well, you've got a few endearing qualities yourself, babe."

Jack knew what to say to make me smile and feel secure. He was right. I liked the way the night had gone, and I was proud of my performance. I became further aware of all the sex that was still continuing all around us.

I snuggled against Jack's shoulder and gave him a tight squeeze as my way of saying thanks. I stood up and leaned forward onto the table top. The cotton on the tablecloth tickled my naked, diamond hard nipples. I lifted my little skirt up so he could see my soaking pussy and requested, "Fuck me, please!"

I knew he'd be horny and hard as hell from watching me suck other cocks and pussies up there, and he immediately dropped his dress shorts and boxers. His big, stiff cock thrust into me easily. I was so wet.

He fucked my furiously, pounding into my hot wetness. I orgasmed, but he wasn't close yet. He was determined to give me a good, steady ride.

I could swivel my head and watch all the other people engaged in wild sex while I was getting fucked from behind, and it was so very exciting. Soon, I orgasmed again. I tend to orgasm a lot.

Still naked, Carlos came over our way. He stood right in front of me and reached over to shake hands and introduce himself to Jack.

"Quite the hotwife you've got here." Carlos said with a broad grin.

"It's always an adventure." Jack responded, while continuing to rhythmically fuck me. My pussy squeezed around his thick dick and I orgasmed again. I was staring straight at Carlos' beautiful penis.

Carlos bent over and gently stroked my cheek. "Are you having fun, Katie?"

I could only think of one response, and stated, "Cock, please."

I heard Carlos chuckle and he must have looked quizzically at Jack first. I assume he gave him the go ahead nod because Carlos stepped in close so I could grab his dick and pull it back into my mouth where it belonged.

This was absolutely fabulous. I was sucking his beautiful black cock again as my husband fucked my quivering pussy. I love a good rotisserie in the evening!

My steady stream of orgasms continued, or maybe it just turned into one long, un-ending one. I was enjoying giving oral pleasure to every inch of Carlos' cock while happily getting fucked hard.

I heard Jack ask, "Wanna switch?"

"If you want to." Carlos replied.

"Yeah. I'm ready to shoot pretty soon, and I want to give Katie another mouthful of cum."

They both pulled out of me at the same time, I felt like a deflating balloon, no longer air-tight. I was really looking forward to feeling that big, black cock in my pussy, and I orgasmed as soon as Carlos started to penetrate me.

I sucked Jack's cock hard, and licked all of familiar tasting pussy juice off his balls, too. I deep-throated him as Carlos fucked me hard. That over-sized cock felt so good in my pussy. This was fucking fantastic.

Carlos groaned and said, "I've been getting' lots of oral from a few other ladies after Katie did me. I just about ready to pop here."

"Me too." Jack grunted.

I pushed Jack away just enough and shouted, "Come in my mouth! Both of you!"

I think my pussy made a popping sound as I rolled off the table and that big cock of Carlos' pulled out. I got into my favorite position, on my knees, and quickly had two guys jerking their big, hard dicks in front of me, aimed at my wide open mouth.

Both cock heads pressed against my open lips and they orgasmed. Jet after jet of hot cum shot into my mouth until it was so full it began to trickle down my chin. I swallowed some quickly while they were still shooting their creamy goo and they filled my mouth again.

Then they were done, and they both giggled and ran a finger down the underside of their dicks to squeeze those last few drops out. I sucked each relaxing cock hard. I wanted every dribble of cum they had.

They gently ran their cock heads all over my face and whacked my cheeks with them. I was euphoric and climaxed wildly. I love cock.

"Katie, you are amazing!" Carlos stated emphatically.

"The best!" Jack added with a smile.

I came again. I tried, but this time I really couldn't stand. The guys helped me up and guided me onto a chair. I sat and stared off at nothing, ginning and chuckling.

Carlos asked, "She gonna be okay?"

Jack replied, "Yeah, she gets like this. She just needs a few minutes. Katie, you want to head back to our room?"

I sat and nodded blankly. I did need a break. I think I was orgasmed out for now.

Jack gave me a couple of minutes as he chatted with Carlos and a few other guys. He came over once I must have appeared to regain some presence.

"Come on, Katie." He said as he helped me stand. "Let's go and have a nice deep sleep so we're all rested up."

I leaned on his shoulder as he walked me through the crowd. Most of the fucking and sucking had wrapped up and there were a lot of very satisfied looking resort patrons wandering about, glistening with sweat and cum. I liked this place.

As we walked back toward our room, Jack grinned and asked me, "So, any plans for tomorrow?"