 The postman handed the plain brown jiffy bag to Elaine, he smirked as he held out the delivery note for her to sign. Elaine blushed as the contents of the parcel became immediately apparent to her fingers. She scribbled her name and thanked the grinning postman. "Have fun!" he joked as she retreated behind the blue front door. 

Back in the kitchen she sat at the breakfast bar, and took a sip of her coffee, before tearing open the parcel. Slipping her inside the bag she wrapped her fingers around a surprisingly familiar object. She pulled it out, and smiled at the lifelike rubber penis in her hand. It was black and whilst the surface had a soft skin texture, it was a very good representation of an erection. Already she felt a flutter in her groin and an excitement she was already determined to try it out immediately. She was sure she had ticked the box marked 'small' when she had gone online to order the dildo, but this was the same size as her husband's pride and joy. She had never regarded him as being small. Indeed, up until a few weeks ago, he was the proud owner of the biggest and more than adequate cock that she had experienced. Mike next door had a thicker one, and Robbie, her one and only true infidelity had eclipsed both him and her husband with a literally breathtaking example of manhood. She determined to withhold the 'small' information from Gavin. 

A couple of weeks ago, as they lay chatting in bed, he had indicated that he would be prepared to have her use a strap-on on him, with the proviso that it was small and not black and not actually penis shaped. The web site had said that 'colours may vary', so it was just pot luck what she had received. The lifelike penis design had been her own desire. Although she had determined that she and Gavin would return to a monogamous state of affairs, she had been sure that in the long run it would be for the best. However she found it difficult to fully close the door on her recently awakened lesbian desires. When it came to ordering the strap-on, she had fantasised about using it on Louise next door or maybe even Irene, Gavin's business partner, that fantasy definitely included a true to life cock. 

So she had ended up with the exact object that her husband had said he did not want, she also knew she would change his mind. She felt in the bag again and pulled out a complicated leather strap arrangement and headed up the stairs to her bedroom. She kicked off her shoes, and socks, then hurriedly removed her jeans and knickers. Standing in front of the full length mirror she admired her thick mat of brown pubic hair. She had stopped shaving and trimming ever since she had been so turned on by Irene's tangled rug. 

She dangled and shook the leather straps trying to make sense of what went where. Spotting a wider piece of leather with a hole in the centre, she pushed the dildo through the hole until it's flat based nestled against the leather. With her heart racing she pulled the straps up her legs and adjusted the buckles. When she was satisfied it was secure and comfortable she stood back to admire her new appendage in the mirror. Despite it's colour it did look very realistic. She turned sideways and smiled as her newly erect penis waved and jiggled obscenely in the air. She could not help but squeeze and fondle it, pretending she was a man, and finally she jerked her fist up and down it's length, she quickly learned that if she pressed hard on the down stroke, the ball sack at the base of the dildo rubbed her engorged clitoris and she was pretty sure she would be able to get off in that manner.

Elaine became aware that her nipples had swollen and were rubbing against her bra, she wanted to see the full effect of her transgender body and pulled her sweater over her head, then quickly removed her bra. Again she examined herself in the mirror. She found the mixture of her womanly soft tits and the stiff cock intriguingly attractive. She found having a cock very empowering, she had a very strong urge to use the weapon on Louise, her next door neighbour, she wanted to share the experience that Gavin had had with her, seeing her face as he pumped his hard rod into her. The thought of Gavin flicked her attention to the idea of fucking her husband up the arse, giving him a bloody good seeing to. She laughed aloud and jumped onto her bed. Reaching into her bedside table drawer she found her lubricant and applied some to her cock then lay back and wanked for all she was worth. Rubbing the base of her slippery hard cock against clit whilst twisting a hard nipple with her fingers. She let out a whimper and her groin convulsed as she came hard and quickly, the urge to penetrate immediately became an urge to be penetrated and she hurriedly removed the strap-on and stuffed the lubricated cock far into her wet vagina, humping it for all she was worth, experiencing two further little cunt clenching orgasms. Slowly she removed the sticky cock from her squelching pussy and relaxed, gently caressing her breasts, reacquainting herself with her womanly body. Elaine liked being a girl.

In a car park on the other side of town; Paula straightened her clothing, and rearranged her hair, before reapplying her and Gavin's favourite shade of lipstick. She searched in her handbag and found a tube of mints at the bottom, she knew from experience that the taste of Gavin's spunk tended to linger. Gavin watched her, admiring just how utterly feminine she was. He checked the zip on the front of his trousers one more time and used the car's rear view mirror to check for tell tale lipstick although he was pretty sure it was his cock that would be coated in most of that evidence.

"When can we see each other again? Properly I mean." Paula asked. 

She was happy with the almost daily sojourns with Gavin, but she wanted so much more. She was sure that almost everyone at Gavin's company where she worked, knew that something was going on between them. Their excuses for leaving the building together or staying late after everyone else had gone, were getting repetitive and frankly a little ludicrous. Even now she was supposed to be helping him deliver a box of china to a restaurant, a single box being easily carried by a small child, let alone requiring two healthy adults. Plus the restaurant was a five minute walk from their factory, not a sixty minute drive in his BMW.

"I know we haven't done anything special recently, it's been difficult to get away." He replied. He had not told her about the extraordinary upturn in his sex life with his wife, or his neighbours come to that. "I have a trade exhibition to visit in a couple of days, maybe you could come with me, it's a long way I normally take a couple of nights in a hotel."

"Well it would be good to have you to myself for a whole night. But I can't say I'm enthralled at wandering around looking at kilns all day." She knew she was sounding grumpy, but the truth was she was feeling used. She also knew that she was being unfair, she had gone into this relationship with her eyes wide open to the fact that Gavin was married and wanted to stay that way. She was happy for them to become fuck buddies, but the truth was that her feelings had changed, she wanted more, she had fallen in love with Gavin.

"We don't have to actually go to the exhibition, the company doesn't need any equipment or anything."

Paula's eyes lit up, "You mean we get all day together too, just you and me?"

"Absolutely."

"Where is the exhibition?" 

"Birmingham. But we don't even have to go there, we can go anywhere you like."

"The coast? The Lakes? London?"

"All three if you like, but it would be a fair old drive."

"The Lake District, then. Cosy hotel room, open fires, good food, and you."

"It's a deal. What about your husband?"

"I wasn't planning on inviting him. What about your wife?"

"I meant, can you get away or will he be suspicious?" 

"I know what you meant, silly. He probably won't even notice I'm gone. It's not a problem."

"Well Elaine is used to me going to this exhibition, I haven't missed one in five years." Paula winced inside at his use of his wife's name, she did feel guilty about sleeping with another woman's husband.

"I can't wait," she smiled, "now, we better get back to the factory. Irene will be practising giving me one of her glares. Kiss me one more time." She leant towards him, awkwardly avoiding the gearstick. They kissed, deeply, their tongues dancing in one another's mouth. Pulling apart, Gavin wondered what the strange taste was as Paula popped the mint she was holding into her mouth.

Later that day Gavin reminded his partner Irene that he would be away at the exhibition the following Tuesday and Wednesday.

"Have you booked a room yet? I'll do it if you like?" Irene offered, "It's the Claremont you usually stay at, isn't it?"

"Yes it is, but don't you bother I'll sort it out." He did not want her booking a hotel hundreds of miles in the wrong direction to where he would actually be.

"I suppose Paula will be having some time off too, will she?" The implication was obvious, but he was not about to admit anything.

"I have no idea," he lied, "better ask her. Nothing to do with me." He avoided the knowing look that his partner was giving him. "Although, I think it might be good for the business if she went along, she might learn a lot."

Irene was sure her business partner was having an affair with Paula and she did not like it. She did not like Paula. She did not like the way that Paula seemed to be friends with everyone, or that she was so attractive, she did not like the way she looked good in young clothes. She did not like that Paula was sleeping with the husband of Elaine, her friend and confident. Most of all, she did not like the fact that Gavin preferred Paula to her.

Irene was actually feeling sad, it had been two weeks since her son had left for university. He had only called her twice and on both occasions he had been with other students and unable to talk properly. She had become used to their frequent love making and frankly she was feeling very horny, with little prospect of finding a lover. The last few weeks with her son had been utterly amazing, they had fucked and masturbated endlessly and he had treated her the way she had always wanted to be treated, with love, respect and adventurous sex. She had sobbed for hours when she had left him at the student hall of residence over a hundred and fifty miles from home. She drove home with the vision of him greeting several young girls also being dropped off by their parents. She knew he would soon be telling her that he had met someone and she knew that she would lie and say how pleased she was. 

Irene watched Gavin as he stared through the office partition window, he was staring at Paula who was busying herself organizing the next set of pots for the kiln. Irene wished it was her he was lusting after, wished it was her that was embroiled in the furtive excitement of an affair. After all they had made love with each other once, his wife, Irene's friend, had been a part of that, how much more exciting was that than sordid blow jobs in a car park with that slut Paula?

It was five o'clock, "I'll see you in the morning." Irene said as she gathered her coat, bag and car keys. She wanted to get home and work off some of her frustrations with the fabulous vibrator her son had given her, on her amazing birthday. She was on her fifth set of batteries. With his help she had become very adept at giving herself a squirting orgasm, something she had first experienced with Gavin's wife, Elaine. It was the memory of that day that often featured in her mind as she feverishly fingered herself.

The phone was ringing as Irene entered her house. She picked it up, "Hello?"

It was her son. "Oh Robbie, it's so good to hear your voice, I miss you so much."

"I miss you too mum, especially at night." He sniggered.

The obvious reference worried her, "Are you on your own?"

"Yes, don't worry."

"You must be careful Robbie, no one can ever know." She reminded him for the hundredth time.

"It's OK mum, I know. .... How are you? Are you feeling as horny as I am?"

Irene blushed, even after all the times she had slept with her son it was still a shock to her brain to hear him speak to her like that. "I told you, I miss you." She replied coyly.

"I play with myself every night thinking about you." He said earnestly. It was not strictly true, he often thought of his afternoon in a hotel room with Elaine.

"Have you met any girls yet?" She probed.

"Plenty, but they all seem so young and silly compared to you." The news was a relief to his mother. 

"I'm sure you'll find someone soon enough, I know boys, especially you, I can't believe you'll go without sex for a whole half term. Besides, most boys are after quantity not quality. I'm sure you'll want to put a few notches on your bed post."

"Aww mum, you know you're the only girl for me. Besides I already had two notches before I got here."

"Two?"

"You and Elaine." He replied.

"Ahh Elaine. Well I'm not sure she would count, after all you didn't actually manage it on that particular occasion."

"But I made up for that when..." Robbie stopped talking and started kicking himself.

"When what?", he did not answer, "When what? Robbie?"

"It doesn't matter."

"When what?" She insisted. "Robbie? Did you see Elaine another time?" Again silence, Robbie had grown to dislike lying to his mother, but he had promised Elaine never to mention their afternoon together.

"Robbie! Tell me!"

Robbie knew his mother well enough to be sure that she would not let go of this particular bone. "It was only the one time."

"What was only the one time?" She demanded.

Robbie took a deep breath. "I had sex with her in a hotel."

"WHAT?" Irene was incensed. "When?, how?"

The cat was well and truly out of the bag. "Just one time, just before your birthday."

Irene was speechless. Her last birthday had been THE day, the day that had changed their lives, the day that she had finally given herself to her son, totally and willingly, it had been unquestionably the best day of her life. This news smeared that sacred day. The news that her son and her friend had somehow betrayed her with such sordid deceit twisted in her guts.

As Irene's silence turned to whimpering sobs, Robbie went on to tell her the whole truth. Complete with all the intimate details. By the end of the tale, Irene's sobs had abated, she was filled with a grim resolve to reap revenge on her so called friend, Elaine. 

Irene's first instinct was to tell Elaine of her husbands affair with Paula. But at the end of the day she did not actually have proof and ultimately she did not want to hurt Gavin. She would have to give this a lot more thought.

Gavin sat back, the meal had been fabulous. Across the table, Elaine smiled at him. She looked amazing. She had changed her makeup, darker lipstick and eye shadow, her hair was somehow harsher than usual. Gavin was actually reminded of scenes from a vampire movie.

Elaine stood and moved around behind his chair, she leaned forward and ran her hands down his shoulders and chest, nestling the back of his head between her breasts "How about an early night?" she whispered in his ear, briefly fluttering her tongue around his ear lobe.

"You read my mind." he smiled. He turned his face to his wife's and they kissed.

"Come on," she urged, "I'm going to give you a proper seeing to." Elaine winked and led the way to their bedroom. Gavin was rapidly becoming excited by his wife's mysterious new behaviour. He entered the bedroom to find it softly lit by scented candles. They stood by the bed and Elaine wrapped her arms around his neck, they kissed once more, her tongue snaking deeply into his mouth. He made to fondle her breasts but she pushed him away. "Strip." She instructed. He wasted no time in removing his clothes. 

"Now lie on the bed.", he did, his erection slapping against his abdomen. Gavin watched as his wife removed her blouse to reveal a black bra with gold lace. Her ample tits bulging over the rim of the sexy garment. Next she slowly removed her skirt, dropping it to the floor to show off matching knickers. Her legs and feet were bare save for her shoes which kicked off. Then she pulled her knickers down to reveal her hair covered cunt. Elaine retrieved something from her bedside drawer, and sat on the bed. 

"Give me your hand." she ordered, Elaine quickly wrapped something around his wrist then jerked his arm towards the rails of the bed head. Gavin realised she was tying him to the bed with a stocking. He opened his mouth to speak, but Elaine put her finger to his lips, "Shhhh, relax and enjoy the ride." she murmured. Gavin sank back onto the bed and Elaine straddled him as she tied his other arm to the bed. He groaned as his wife began to grind her hairy cunt against his firm shaft. Attempting to move his arms he realised just how helpless he was. It was a good kind of helpless.

Elaine shifted back a little to straddle his thighs, her clitoris rubbing against his tight ball sack. She grasped his erection and slowly began to pump her hand, he twitched each time her tight grip slipped over the thick vein around his engorged cockhead. Gavin gazed at his wife in helpless awe, she still had her bra on and he wished it would vanish. 

"Do you like my cock? she asked him. Gavin looked at her hand, with his cock nestled against her hairy cunt it did look, to all intents, like she was sporting her own penis. 

"Take your bra off?", he intended it as an order but it came out as more of a plea.

"Not yet, big boy." Elaine delighted in her new found power. "I want you to lick me first. She released her hold of his manhood and stood on the bed, slowly moving to stand above his head. Gavin watched his wife's cunt draw closer and closer to his face as she slowly crouched down holding the bed head for support, her moist pink cunt lips spreading wider as she dipped closer. When she was inches from his lips she stopped. "Say please." She demanded. 

Gavin could smell her arousal, he could see the glistening delicious wetness of her secret place, he desperately wanted to taste her. "Please". He whispered.

Elaine dipped down and smeared his lips with her sex, then pulled away again. "I didn't hear you."

"Please." He hissed.

Elaine dipped once more and rubbed her cunt on his face. "Say it nicely."

"Pleeeaase." He begged.

"That's a good boy." Elaine said gently and eased her raging cunt flaps to his mouth. Gavin wasted no time in probing her warm hole with his tongue. He eagerly lapped at her juice as Elaine rocked her mound against the stiff little intruder. "Taste my cunt juice." she demanded. Gavin's tongue was having it's usual effect on her and she struggled to keep her clit away from his eager mouth, she wanted to make this last. She was very aroused, she knew what she was planning and the anticipation was nerve jangling. With her husband tied down her inhibitions fell away, she liked to talk dirty when she felt in control.

"Smell my cunt." She ordered and shifted to rub her wet lips against his nose. Gavin inhaled as best he could, although frankly he was struggling to breath at all with his wife's genitals pressed firmly against his face, he was in heaven.

His tongue inadvertently touched his wife's puckered brown bum hole and Elaine's body stiffened. "Ohhhh fuck YES!." She quickly pulled away from him and swung around to face the opposite direction, and leaned down presenting her husband with her wrinkled dirt hole. "Tongue my bum hole!".

Gavin did, he stiffened his tongue to penetrate his wife's arse, wriggling it's tip just half an inch passed her sphincter. Elaine shuddered in pleasure at the intimate filth that her lover was bestowing on her. 
