 After I moved to Florida my life was very hectic, what with trying to get established in a new town, learn my way around, etc. Most of my time was spent at work trying to out-class the local talent and establish a reputation. Needless to say, my social life suffered. the only bright spots were a couple of VERY sexy letters from Linda describing how much she missed me and what she had in mind when we got together again. I'd also written Julie a couple of letters, but hadn't heard back from her. I finally got a break after two months. my bosses were going to a conference for a long weekend, so they closed up shop for 5 days.

I couldn't sleep the night before I was to leave, what with Linda's letters on my mind and her plans for us, so about 4 am I hopped in my car and headed out. Not much traffic then, so I made great time. I got to Linda's apartment early, and figured I'd just hang out until she got home. I was leaning against my car having a smoke and a beer, daydreaming about the coming night's activities, when a car pulled up right in front of me and honked their horn. The next thing I know, Julie jumps out, runs up and wraps her arms around me, almost knocking me over.

"Damn, I've missed you!" she said between kisses. "I thought if I didn't write I'd get over you, but then I saw you standing here and I realized I'm not over you and I know you're probably mad but I want to make it up to you," she gushed in one breath, then paused, waiting for my reaction.

"What did you have in mind?" I asked, trying to figure out how to handle her sudden appearance.

"Anything you want, and I mean anything." To back up her words, she laid a passionate kiss on me, practically sucking my tongue down her throat.

What the hell, I slid my hand up under her blouse and fondled her breast, tweaking her nipple until it got hard.

"Got some place we can go?"

"Damn it! I came by to pick up Suzy and go out for a girls-only happy hour, and she'll be here in a minute. Now I'm all hot and bothered and I want to fuck you so bad... Can you come over later, maybe 8:30?"

When she said that, ideas started forming in my head. "OK, but I'm gonna hold you to your promise about anything goes," I said.

"What do you have in mind," she asked hesitantly.

"Nothing but total pleasure. Just be lying on your bed naked at 8:30, lotsa candles, and leave the door unlocked for me." Before she could protest, I kissed her again, sliding my hand up her skirt and across her mound. I couldn't help noticing her panties were already wet.

"You better be there," she whispered.

"I will be, and I promise it will be a night to remember." I gave her mound one more caress, then told her to go meet Suzy so she could get happy hour over with and get ready. I hopped in my car and drove off, then killed about 10 minutes so she and Suzy could leave, wondering how to broach the idea of a threesome to Linda. I pulled back into the parking lot to wait for Linda.

Just after I pulled in, Linda pulled up beside me. "I took off early to meet you--looks like you did to," she said as she came over to me.

"What can I say, after those letters I had to get back," I laughed.

"Grab you bags and come in, and I'll show you how much I've missed you." I grabbed my bag, took her hand and we practically ran to her apartment.

As soon as we stepped in she laid a passionate kiss on me, backing me up against the door, our hands all over each other, frantically undoing buttons and zippers. I slid one hand under her dress and was surprised to find no panties. She pulled back from her kiss and laughed. "I took them off on the way home so I could play with myself. Glad I didn't pass any truckers!"

I turned her around so she was against the door and dropped to my knees. She pulled up her dress to reveal a totally bare pussy! "Surprise!

Like it?"

"Oh yeah," I murmured, then ran my tongue across her lips to show her how much. I couldn't hold back, and pushed my tongue as far in her as I could, eliciting a low moan of animal lust. I stayed on my knees, passionately tongue-fucking her, cupping her buns with my hands, teasing her clit with my tongue. I could tell she was getting close, so I stood up and entered her, loving the way her hot tunnel squeezed me. We proceeded to "have a quickie" up against the door, both oblivious to the noise we were making until she dug her nails into my back and cried out. I exploded right after her, my cock pumping what seemed like gallons of cum as she wrapped her leg around me tighter, trying not to fall over as we stood there in our three-legged dance. As our breathing slowed, we could hear her neighbors passing by in the hallway, just getting home from work. We both started to laugh at the same time, wondering how much of our little show they had heard through the door. We unwrapped ourselves from each other, and I finished pulling her dress off over her head, then took her hand and led her to the shower.

Warm water cascading down, slippery hands slowly caressing each other, we stood under the shower, enjoying the foreplay, making dinner plans. I decided this was as good a time as any to let her in on the plan I'd been forming.

"Remember what we talked about before I moved, that last night I was here?" I asked while I soaped her back.

"I remember we screwed a lot, and talked about fantasies...I hope you're talking about butt sex, 'cause that was incredible! I could barely sit down at work for two days, and I thought about you every time I had to sit," she laughed.

"Actually, I was thinking about your fantasy about making it with another woman...I think I can make that happen."

"What have you been planning--you better not be screwing somebody else since you moved."

I couldn't tell if she was getting angry or interested, so I tried to explain real fast.

"Remember the girl I told you I'd broken up with when we met? Well, I ran into her in the parking lot just before you came home. She said she'd do anything I asked if I'd come over to night, and I think she wants to fuck me bad enough to mean it. I'm not looking to get back together with her, but I gotta admit, I'd love to see the two of you naked and wrapped around each other! Hell, I'd like to take pictures of that!" I told her what I had in mind before she could say anything, then paused waiting for her reaction.

"I'm in, on one condition. I'm your lady, so the only way you screw her is when it's the three of us."

"I can live with that," I replied.

We finished our shower and quickly hurried to the bedroom, not waiting to dry off. we made slow delicious love while planning the night's coming activities.

I showed up at Julie's exactly at 8:30 (My parents had always taught me you don't keep a lady waiting). The door was unlocked, so I went inside. The lights were out, but I could see candlelight flickering from the bedroom. She even remembered and had jazz playing softly on the stereo. I slipped out of my clothes and walked quietly to the her bedroom door, a bottle of wine and two glasses in my hand. I stopped at the door and gazed at Julie lying naked on the bed, eyes closed, running her hands over her breasts and pussy. She opened her eyes slightly, then sat up when she saw me.

"I wasn't sure you'd really be here," she stammered. "I acted like a bitch after you left, and I was afraid you were gonna stand me up."

"Does it look like I'm standing you up?"

She looked at my raging hard-on and laughed. "Well, YOU'RE standing up, that's for sure."

I walked over to the bed and kissed her, running my hands over her, enjoying the feel of her beneath my hands. "Don't move, I've got a surprise for you". I went over to the dresser where I'd left the wine and came back with a scarf, which I tied over her eyes. I gently laid her back on the bed, then tied her hands to the headboard.

"Okay, this is starting to get a little kinky,"

she laughed nervously.

I placed a finger to her lips. "SShhhh. No talking, just pleasure."

I dipped my finger in my wind glass, then ran it over her lips. She licked the wine from my finger, then gently sucked it into her mouth, as if trying not to miss a drop. I slowly dripped the wine across her breasts, the sudden coldness making her gasp and nipples stand erect. I bent down and began to slow lick the wine from her body, my tongue making lazy circles around her breasts, almost touching the nipple, then moving away until she was moaning in frustration. When it seemed she couldn't stand it anymore, I ran my tongue across her right nipple, sucking it into my mouth, then reaching over to do the same to the left nipple, until they were both erect and hard. I dribble more wine across her belly, slowly lapping it up, pausing to drink from the tiny goblet formed by her navel, then slowly dripped the red nectar onto her glistening mound. She parted her legs in anticipation, and I slid down further on the bed, inhaling her scent before running my tongue teasingly across her. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Linda peeking in the door, watching us. I put a finger to my lips. She nodded and began to silently pull her dress over her head. I turned my attention back to Julie and began to suck and lick the wine form her, each caress and nibble making her moan louder than the one before. She began to push her hips off the bed, thrusting herself against my tongue, and I obliged by nibbling on her clitoris gently. I could tell she was getting close to an orgasm, but I wanted to make her wait. I pulled back from her, eliciting a protest.

"Don't stop," she begged, "I'm so close".

I moved up on the bed and straddled her chest, then picked up the wineglass and dipped my cock in it, then ran it across her lips. She flicked her tongue over me to get the wine. When she realized, it was my cock and not a finger, she greedily took me into her mouth, sucking like there was no tomorrow. I enjoyed the feeling of her hot mouth worshipping me for a few minutes, then pulled out her mouth, a tiny string of her saliva and my pre-cum connecting us.

I dripped more wine over her breasts and pussy, then looked up at Linda. She was staring at us with a look of pure animal lust on her face, her right hand rubbing her clit for all it was worth. I motioned her over and began to lick the wind form Julie's right breast again. Julie was purring like a kitten, then suddenly gasped when she realized two mouths we pleasuring her!

Before she could say anything I kissed her deeply, my tongue stifling her protest. She struggled against her bonds and my kiss for a few seconds, then gave in to the pleasurable sensations and relaxed. I whispered in her ear "It's alright, my love. Remember, only pleasure tonight." She nodded silently, and I returned to her breast. Linda and I continued to pleasure her, then Linda kissed her way down to Julie's mound for her first taste of another woman. I moved around slightly so I could watch her while I sucked on Julie's nipple. Linda hesitantly ran her tongue up Julie's outer lips, and Julie responded with a moan as she opened her legs wider. Gaining confidence, Linda lowered her head and began to tongue her passionately, touching all those places that only another woman would know about, her eyes closed, lost in the incredibleness of the situation and the woman moaning beneath her relentless tongue.

I again moved up and straddled Julie, and without hesitation she raised her head to take my cock in her mouth, her head bobbing up and down the length of my shaft as she desperately tried to swallow all of me. I reached behind my legs and caressed her breasts. Her moans became louder, and she suddenly cried out as the first wave of her orgasm hit "OhhhhGod!! Uuunnnhhhh."

Reaching back, I ran my hand through Linda’s hair, pulling her up so I could kiss her and taste Julie on her lips and tongue. We savored the taste and scent of another woman on each other's lips as she stroked my cock. "Trade places with me... I want to see her suck on your tits," I whispered.

Linda nodded and moved up, straddling Julie and leaning down, running her nipple against Julie's lips. Julie greedily sucked at it, expecting my cock. She paused for a second when she realized another woman had been making love to her, then the passion of the moment took over and she began to feast upon Linda as Linda began to play with Julie's pussy, dipping her fingers in then slowly licking the juices off.

I got up from the bed and stood, slipping wind and reveling in the sight before me. Tiny Julie, barely 5' with her small breasts and almost little girl body, a thin patch of light brown fuzz above her pussy, and Linda, almost a head taller with dark hair and a figure like a Playboy Bunny, pleasuring each other. I quickly tiptoed to the other room and retrieved my camera, quickly taking several pictures. Linda looked up at me and smiled at the first flash, Julie oblivious behind her blindfold. I put down the camera and went over to Linda, kissing her before whispering to her "Don't you think Julie might like a taste of you?". she nodded and turned around, her mound just above Julie's head. I reached up and untied Julie's hands, then her blindfold as Linda again lowered her mouth onto Julie. Julie reached up without hesitation and pulled Linda down to her eager mouth, exploring Linda's secret recesses with tongue, two sets of hands caressing each other's butts and breasts, lost in their Sapphic lust. I picked up the camera and shot the rest of the roll from various angles. 

I couldn't take much more of the spectacle before me. My cock was aching it was so hard, and I wanted to come so bad. I joined them on the bed and knelt behind Linda. Julie looked up and paused form licking Linda to take my throbbing cock in her mouth, bobbing up and down. I pulled away and moved up so that my cock was pressed against Linda's backside. She wiggled her butt against me and began to push back as I pushed forward, relentlessly filling her tight butt with my cock until my hips were pressed against her ass.

somehow we all managed to stay in rhythm with one another, the girls tonguing each other as fast as they could and me pumping Linda's oh-so-incredibly tight, hot anus, my thrusting getting deeper and faster as my orgasm started to build. A tingle at the base of my spine that moved rocketed up to explode inside my head as I exploded inside Linda, buried as deeply as possible in her, the three of us crying out in passionate release before collapsing onto the bed, totally spent, a jumble of arms and legs and bodies, chests heaving as we caught our breaths.

After a minute or two, we began to untangle. Linda leaned over and kissed Julie lightly on the lips. "Hi Julie, I'm Linda. Guess what...the night's just starting". But that's another story for another time.