 "You want me to do what?" I stammered from the visual thought of Karen's statement.

"I'm serious Alice. I thought of it last night while Greg was ferociously pounding you from behind," she said spinning around whipping me with her wet hair.

I grabbed the shower head off the hanger from behind her and allowed the gentle spray to wash the suds off her shoulders. The soapy suds slid down her perfect breast with pert nipples enveloped by the perfect size areolas that still had a sun glow tan from our trip in the Caribbean.

"Karen, you absolutely amaze me sometimes. You seriously want me to get a strap-on and fuck you like Greg did to me last night?" I questioned.

Reaching up, she threw her arms around my neck and brought her lips just inches from mine. "God, do I? I want nothing more than to feel your hands cupping my tits and feel your thighs pounding against my ass. I'm wet just thinking about it," she cooed as she opened her mouth to accept my tongue.

Spinning her around, I raised her hands to the shower wall to assume the prone position. Grabbing the shower head in my left hand, I aimed the pulsating jet of water directly to her clit as I used my right hand to massage the wetness that flowed like a river from her entrance. With rhythmic pumps of my hips against her ass, I fingered her with the voracity of the cock that impaled me to orgasm the night before. Karen's unquenchable thirst awakened a deep desire in me that built even further as she grinded her orgasm right there on my fingers.

The sweat that dripped down my breast as I lay tangled in a web of arms and legs, woke me with the satisfaction that my pussy was sore and my mouth was dry. I had shuffled off the bed trying to keep from waking our new friends without any luck. Greg had stirred waking Jess and Karen to the realization that morning had come. After our pleasant and sultry goodbyes with the spoken words of a follow up night to be planned, Karen hooked an arm around my waist as we waved goodbye. Feeling rather nasty, we proceeded to the shower where we washed the sex off each other and Karen decided to drop the bombshell on me. A new plan had formed in my head and I needed to act upon it sooner rather than later as I knew our downtime would be squashed if Karen won the DUI case and proceeded to further her career.

"Hey Jess, it's Alice, how are you," I smirked as I heard her gasp lightly into the phone.

"Oh, girl am I so glad you called. Greg has gone on and on about how hot the other night was and I'll be honest with you, that was the best sex I've ever had," she purred.

"Well, you all are in luck. Karen and I want round two, but with a twist. Karen dropped a bombshell that she wants me to use a strap-on and how hot it was knowing Greg filled me up," I explained. "Could we meet for drinks next weekend if Greg and you are free?"

"Oh, damn!" she exclaimed. "Not only is she wanting more, but she wants you to fuck her? She is a damn freak. Greg and I have Saturday night off. Could you meet us at Moe's again? Say nine-ish? Will Karen be joining you?" She questioned.

"No Karen this time as I want to get this planned without her as a sort of impromptu surprise," I chuckled.

"Sounds perfect Alice, we'll be there," her voice climbed an octave in excitement.

"Perfect, c-ya Jess," I said playfully.

The parking lot featured the same tight cramped parking spaces Karen and I encountered when we first decided to check out Moe's. Tonight, was no different from the last as trucks, cars, and bikes all packed into the little lot like sardines. The interior still sported that calming chill environment and the same eclectic group still gathered in their respective spots. Sitting at the lounger that Karen and I were seated at when we met Greg and Jess, sat the two of them in deep conversation or so it seemed.

"Alice!" Jess shrieked as she caught a glimpse of me walking up. "Damn girl your looking good tonight."

"Aww, thanks beautiful and I have to say, you look stunning tonight as well," I said as I leaned in taking her lips between mine.

Standing up, readjusting himself, Greg leaned in for a hug, "Good evening doll,"

"Hello handsome," I said sliding my hand down his back to cup his ass.

"Feisty tonight I see," Jess coyly smirked.

"I guess you could say something like that," I chuckled as I grabbed a spot between them on the lounger.

"Where's Karen," Greg looked around.

"She had a late dinner party to go to with the other associates to celebrate a victory on a high-profile case. Only the law-firm associates were allowed which gave me a perfect out to see you all." I said taking in the view of Jess's low-cut shirt and the bulge Greg was sporting under his pants.

"What's this I hear about a surprise for Karen," Greg questioned.

"Karen revealed a fantasy she had about us the morning after our night of adventure. I'm curious if you two would be game for round 2 and well, with a little bit of a twist," I asked. "Exactly how cool are you two and how open are you all?"

Greg sat back on the lounger with a puzzled look on his face which revealed the bulge was his cock at full attention and not just engorged by Jess and I sharing a kiss. Jess was the first to speak up.

"Greg and I have known each other since grade school. We both share and love everything about life. I'm sure he will agree, but we are probably the most open and honest non-couple you'll ever meet outside Karen and yourself," she said sitting up.

"Jess is right. We have a completely no strings attached arrangement that borders the fine line of friends with benefits and an all-out relationship. What are you proposing?" He leaned in for an answer.

"Well, for one, I need a cock I can wear and for two, I need another guy you all are comfortable with that would be allowed to join us in making Karen whore of the year," I laughed on the verge of hysterics as Greg and Jess's eyes shot open to the size of watermelons. "Your call and I perfectly understand if you all decide to say no."

Greg turned to Jess who sat wide eyed and jaw hanging. Her dilated pupils and the slight moan that escaped her lips told me all that I needed to know. Greg turned back to me, his cock twitching in his pants and the evil smirk that crossed his lips gave tell that he was more than on board to my little plan.

Both Jess and Greg were more than willing to make Karen's fantasy come true. We had sat there for another thirty or so minutes discussing details and hammering out the timeline to ensure Karen would have no clue what was happening. My next stop that night would be the sex shop just around the block from our apartment. The selection of strap-ons, vibrators and dildos could make a person's head swim with confusion from all the different types, lengths and girths. The one I chose was pretty in pink, sporting a full eight inches and the girth of a very well-endowed man. The straps cinched to allow comfort to the wearer, but position the cock in perfect position for use. The ride home only brought on more frustration as the knowledge of Karen's toy was sitting beside me and I could feel my essence start to leak out from the confines of the fabric straining to hold it in.

"Hey Beautiful, how was the dinner," I jumped up from the couch as she walked through the door.

"My God, Alice, it was so boring. They all acted like this was the win of the century. I felt like it was another day at the office," she exhaled.

Strutting up to her, I reached around the back of her head and drew her face close to mine. She relaxed her jaw and opened her mouth to accept my tongue and our lips met. The electric shock sparked like a jolt of lightning as I felt the lust radiate from between my legs.

"Mmm, you taste good," Karen cooed.

"Hop in the shower and get clean, I'll pour you a glass of wine in the meantime," I ordered.

"Don't know what got into you, but I like it," she chuckled.

The shower hissed as the water shot out and the soft hum of her voice carried through the air as she sang slightly as she stepped into the steaming water. The wineglasses clanged as I picked them up and carried them to the bedroom with the bottle of wine gripped in my hand. Slinging the covers back on the bed, I shimmied out of my sleep pants and peeled the t-shirt over my head before I crawled under the covers. The bedroom door swayed open as Karen made her way to the bed, freshly showered and freshly shaven, she crawled in the bed with me.

"Thanks, beautiful. I needed another glass of wine after tonight," She leaned in and pressed her lips to mine as softly as a butterfly landing on a flower.

"How bad do you want me to fuck you," I said innocently.

She choked on her wine mid sip as the shock of my bluntness caressed her ears. "Damn Alice, you are just begging for me to ride that face again aren't you?" she smiled coyly.

"Maybe," I rolled my eyes. "Maybe I just want to hear you tell me what your fantasy was that you wouldn't elaborate on."

"Is my curious little cat just dying to know?" she stroked my face with the back of her palm.

Getting up from the bed, I positioned myself between her legs. Her pussy glimmered from being freshly shaven, sporting a bald patch where her trimmed bush once was. Her lips glistened with her essence that had leaked out covering her entrance and enticing me further. I started to kiss her inner thigh and worked my way to her stomach, leaving little trails of lip gloss as I went.

"I want you to tell me what you fantasied about while I'm down here. I want to hear every detail," I insisted as I brushed the tip of my tongue against her clit.

Her moan was instant and her legs fell to the side as she relaxed allowing me to insert both fingers deep inside her. Lowering my mouth to her pussy, I spread her lips with my thumb and started to suck on her clit.

"We were just like this, actually. You and I had come home about the same time and jumped in the shower together," she said. "We both had a rough day at work and we were cuddling in the bed before our lust took hold and we started playing with each other. I remember you were soaking wet and I was the first to get between your legs. I licked your clit till you covered my face in cum," she gasped as I made a tight circle around her clit.

"Go on!" I pushed.

"You...you got up and forced my face in the pillow before you yanked at my hips putting me on my knees. My ass was directly in front of you and you buried your face right there. Your tongue found every fold of my entrance and made its way to the bud of my ass. You wouldn't stop till you got me nice and hot. It was then, that I felt your hands around my waist and a thick hard cock forced its way deep inside my entrance. I could feel every vein as it made its way deeper till you grunted your hips flat against my ass," she trailed off as I knew my fingers and tongue were inching her closer to ecstasy.

"With the force of a lunatic breaking through a door you started pounding that fat cock, grunting it deeper and harder as you gripped my hips in what felt like a vise. I couldn't hold out any longer and I screamed I'm coming as I covered that cock in my orgasm. Baby, baby I'm going to cum now," she screamed as the climax hit.

The sensation burst like a thunderstorm and sent electrifying shivers that quaked throughout her body. I could feel the orgasm ripple through her thighs and her pussy clenched around my fingers. Withdrawing my face from her pussy, I crawled on top of her and shared her essence as I took her tongue in my mouth. Her body went limp from getting off and she sank into the bed. Wrapping her up in my arms, I drifted off to sleep with her scent still lingering on my face.

Anticipation doesn't even come close to describe the feeling I felt in the deepest part of my stomach. Even though Karen and I were close, we didn't really discuss fantasies or dreams. We always just did and acted upon things we wanted. For her to tell me what she fantasized about, I was bound and determined to make sure her fantasy night was out of this world.

The week seemed to crawl by as the weekend approached. I had spent every waking hour away from work getting the house prepped and cleaned. Karen, luckily, was elbow deep in a new case and seemed oblivious that I started cleaning and rearranging my bedroom that we sometimes shared. All was set in motion and the texts from Jess confirmed everything was good to go. With the final dinner reservations set for tomorrow night, I crawled into Karen's bed with her and fell fast asleep.

"What's the special occasion," Karen shot me a curious look.

"What do you mean, can't we go out for a nice dinner every once in a while," I snickered trying to hold my anticipation at bay.

"Well, of course we can, but Alice, this is beyond anything considered as a "nice dinner"," she retorted.

"I knew you had a rough day at work this week and I wanted to treat you special, so, sue me," I laughed.

"Fine, I believe you, but girl, you really didn't need too," she swooned over her glass of Pinot.

"I know, but I couldn't help myself," I said. "You about ready to get home and out of that slutty dress," I

smirked.

"Something wrong with my dress," she said standing up and twirling around.

"Absolutely nothing is wrong with your dress. It would just look better balled up on the floor next to my bed," I reassured her provocatively.

"Alice, you sure know how to make my panties wet, if I was wearing any," she shot me a devilish smirk.

Leaving cash in the receipt book, Karen and I made our way to her little Toyota. The drive to the apartment took about thirty minutes and my anticipation was already causing quite a mess between my legs. Beside me, Karen decided to be cute and let the shoulder strap slip off her shoulder as she played on her phone. Her breasts were voluptuous and the dress accentuated the curvature of how perfect her tits were. Knowing full well I had taken a few long peeks, she hiked her dress up to reveal she indeed had no panties on. The teasing continued the full thirty minutes of her sliding her finger in or circling her clit while she batted away my advances. I took note and made a mental note that when the time came, she would pay for being a tease.

The elevator rumbled to a stop as it came to rest at our floor. Unlocking my lips from hers, I withdrew my fingers from her entrance and made my way to our door. The apartment door was unlocked and I pushed my way inside just as the anticipation inside me caused my heart to jump a few beats.

"Good evening ladies," the gruffy voice called out.

"Who the fuck are you," Karen spat as she met him lounging on our couch.

"Oh shit Karen. I forgot to tell you. This is Ben! The owner of Moe's. He's here to collect since we got all those drinks for free," I leaned back against the bar taking in the tall, salt and peppered haired man sitting on our couch.

"Oh, did we miss the introduction," Greg asked as Jess and he came out of my bedroom wearing the robes I supplied.

"Alice, what is going on?" Karen stammered.

"Whatever do you mean Karen? I simply invited some friends over is all," I replied.

Ben stood from the lounge and made his way towards Karen. The salt and pepper hair had been pampered and combed into the perfect fade. His clean-shaven face glinted against the recessed lights as he made his way to Karen as she stood statue still. Jess and Greg had showed me a picture of Ben and without hesitation, I agreed as he matched every physical trait Karen had found attractive in a man. Taking her hand into his, he introduced himself and leaned in to kiss her cheek. Karen's eyes had melted at the sweet gesture and from the wrinkle of her nose, he must have smelt delicious as her knees trembled from his touch.

"Nice to meet you Karen. Now, if you please, that dress seems a little uncomfortable. Shall we get you into something a little more, free?" he questioned.

The look of sheer pleasure dripping from her face only gave way to a smirk and a nod. From behind the two of them, Jess and Greg had made their way over to join in stripping Karen of her dress. Ben reached up, hooked his fingers under her dress straps and let them fall to her side. Jess and Greg each grabbed a side and helped Karen shimmy out of the confines of fabric that clothed her. Without taking her eyes off Ben's face, she kicked the dress in my direction and pulled him to her face allowing her lips to smash into his. Relaxing her jaw, I watched as Ben's tongue found its way into her mouth and his hands found the perfect mounds on her chest.

Standing there taking in the site of Ben as he made out with Karen, only amplified the burning between my legs. Jess and Greg both had Karen from behind and were biting and kissing the smooth silky skin of her neck. Turning my attention a little lower, I noticed Jess had Greg's cock in her right hand, stroking him sensually and with her left hand, she had pulled Ben's throbbing, cut eight inch from the cage of his slacks. My mouth watered at the site of the package Ben had hidden till now. Slipping out of my dress, I joined the naked mingling of bodies and mouths by squatting down and taking Ben into the back of my throat.

Ben had been the thickest I've had in my throat. I could feel every vein as it passed by my tongue and lips as I throated him till my nose was pressed into his stomach. His throbbing against the top of my throat made the pulse between my legs hit harder with every stroke I made. The tapping on my head made me realized I was viciously sucking and stroking Ben as if I had never had cock in my mouth before. Looking up with his cock still buried in my mouth, I met his gaze as he smirked motioning me to stand up. With a loud pop, his pulsating rod came out of my mouth with a string of spit a long with it.

"Alice, I believe your friend here needs more than just my tongue and fingers," his gruff voice echoed in the quiet living room.

"God I just want all of you," Karen muttered.

"Let's not keep her waiting," I chuckled.

My bedroom had been lit with candles as Jess and Greg were asked. The cool air from the fan set the temperature just right as I knew once we started it would heat up. Greg was the first to lay down on the bed.

"Karen, I've been aching for you to please me. Would you mind?" his smirk curled his lips as he smiled devilishly.

Without missing a beat, Karen made her way to the bed and lowered her head taking his full length deep. The gasp of air leaving Greg's chest sounded like a gust of wind through a corridor. Her slight gasp as she brought her head up again, sent a flash of heat to my entrance as I remember the feeling of Ben in my mouth. Jess had been standing there with her fingers circling her clit while Greg stretched out allowing Karen to pleasure him. The sight must have been too much as Jess hurriedly made her way to squat on Greg's face. His tongue must have hit the perfect spots as Jess threw her head back, arched her body and grunted a sigh of pleasure that rippled through the room. Watching the three of them in the throughs of passion made my essence leak like a busted pipe. From behind, I felt his smooth hands grip my waist and make their way to my breast as he cupped them pushing his rod against my ass.

"Sometimes the view is just as hot as having your pussy filled," he whispered into my ear.

"Mmm, don't I know it. You seem rather hard Bed," I cooed.

"Just a little excited is all," his deep voiced brushed my ear.

"No sense in just standing here," I said pulling away from his grip.

The pink strap-on straps felt tight around my ass and the cold steel ring holding the pink fake cock at the top of my entrance gave off a cold metallic feel. The excitement of having it on coursed through my veins and my mind raced as I inched my way closer to Karen's perfectly round ass on display in front of me. Her entrance glistened with essence from her arousal and took nothing for the strap-on to slide the tip in. Her sudden jerk made me realize the rod was cold and her face showed confusion as she turned her head to stare at me. Standing behind her with my hands grasping her hips, I smiled as I grunted the thick fake cock deep into her. The look from confusion, to excitement and finally to pleasure amped my heat even further.
