 A letter has instructed me to go to a hotel room. When I get there, there's a card attached to a package that says "open". Inside are a small black sheer thong, a black blindfold, two long silk scarves, and another note with further instructions. As instructed, I put on the thong, tie a scarf to each wrist, put on the blindfold and sit on the bed and wait. After what seems like an eternity, I hear the door open. There's someone in the room now, and I can feel my palms dampen as I shiver with anticipation. I can hear some bags rustling and the closing of the door. Finally, I feel the bed move as someone sits on either side of me. A gentle touch on my thigh startles me and causes me to sharply draw my breath. The mixture of fear and excitement I am experiencing has got my adrenaline pumping and my heart pounding. Fingers glide lightly across my skin, down each of my arms to my wrists. I am pulled until I am standing facing the bed. The scarves around my wrists are now pulling my arms out and above my head. 

I feel the heat of two bodies near...so close...yet, I wanted them closer to me...touching me. Then finally I feel four hands moving all over me. So gently caressing my skin that the tiny hairs all over my body are standing on end. Now there is a cool, wet tongue on each of my nipples. Mouths sucking and teasing... breathing cool air on them until they are hard. I am breathing deeper now...surrendering to the ecstasy. Just when I thought my senses are at their highest...SMACK! ...a stinging slap on my bare ass! A moan escaped my lips. 

"You like that, don't you?" Whispers someone in my ear, leaving a trail of kisses behind my ear, down my neck and back up, stopping millimeters from my lips. "You want more?" I nod in reply. "I want to hear you say it." Says the sultry voice of the woman at my lips as she brushes my hair away from my neck and places a kiss there. 

"Yes." I say. 

"From now on, if you don't express your feelings, we will stop. If you want us to stop at any time, say 'red'. That will be the safe word." The other larger hands are caressing my ass, soothing the stinging. Then another smack ... this one harder than the first.

"Ooo yeah." I moan. Then more caressing followed by more hard smacks. "Oh fuck yeah!" My skin is on fire! Soft, sweet, full lips brush lightly across mine. At this point I am so fucking turned on, I want to kiss back hard, but instead, I follow her lead...our lips touch softly, sending a charge through my body. She gently sucks my lower lip between hers. Our kiss grows more intense as fingers lightly trace down my stomach to the tops of my thighs, then brush ever so gently across my panties. The guy behind me was now kissing my neck, while his hands move from my still stinging ass around to tease my nipples. 

"Ooo, you are so fucking wet!" I hear the woman say as her fingers lightly played over the wet spot on my panties. Her hands slide the black thong over my hips and down my legs. "Tell me what you want." When I don't answer, she says," Do you want us to stop?" 

"No." I say quickly. 

"Then tell me." 

"I want...I want you to use your tongue." 

"Use it how? Say it." 

"I want your tongue ...on my clit." I finally say. I feel her move on the bed so that her face is between my thighs. Her tongue starts licking and teasing all around, never touching my clit. Cool air blows across my clit followed by a long, slow lick. 

"Oh, yes!" I moan. She continues her teasing and blowing, drawing small circles with her tongue around and around. My moans get louder and more frequent as she pays close attention to my clit and slides a finger inside me. I feel so close, but I know she won't let me cum too soon. The knots on my wrists are loosened until my hands are free. Then I am pushed forward on the bed on my hands and knees. My face is now inches from the sweet smell that tells me I am not the only one who's wet. I stick out my tongue searching for her sweetness... a taste I long for. I hear her moan with me as my tongue makes contact. As our tongues and hands move in sync and I get closer to the edge. Then a long, hard cock enters me from behind, replacing her finger. 

"Ohhh yeah!" He fills me slowly and then withdraws almost completely before filling me again. The slow, rhythmic strokes along with the tongue flicking my clit are getting me closer and closer. Then more stinging slaps to my ass make me loose control. 

"Ohh my god...fuck me! Fuck me hard!" His cock thrusts deep inside me, sending me over the edge. " Oh, yes, I'm gonna cum! Oh, fuck yeah! OH...OHHH...OHH YESSSS! OH FUCK! MMMM...YEAH!"

That night, we each get off at least 3 times before passing out from exhaustion.