 * 6th form students are over 18

I arrived at my school just in time for my second class of the day. I had to leave Johnny a key so that he could lock up when he was finished else I would have been even later. When I'd set out the work for the year 10 class I went to sit down and, not realising how much damage Johnny had done to my ass, I'd to try to not scream. After a bit of uncomfortable wiggling I found a position I could sit in without too much pain. 

Surprisingly this actually made me feel good. Knowing that I got off so much on being dirty made me long for Felicia even more. The truth was that I'd been fantasizing about fucking Felicia since I had returned from the run. So, with the new found confidence in my 'inner slut', I had brought a few things with me from home should the opportunity of getting her arise. I'd borrowed the handcuffs Johnny had chained me in and promised I'd give them back later. I'd also brought a few choice items from my private drawer in my bedroom. 

The day couldn't have gone by slower and my teaching was a little slower than usual, even a few of my pupils had noticed. I'd brushed it off by saying that I'd had a long night but the truth was that I couldn't take my mind off Felicia. Today I was determined to fuck her; I didn't think I'd be able to hold out much longer if I didn't. When the school day finally ended I couldn't wait to get to the gym. 

As my class shuffled out I gathered my things as quickly as I could, slinging my handbag over my shoulder I leapt from my desk and quickly made my way downstairs. When I got to the gym I was a little stunned. The doors to the gym were closed and through them I could hear low moans and sounds of pleasure. It was undeniably the sound of sex.

I pushed through the door slightly and my jaw dropped at what I saw. Jenny, one of the other P.E teachers, was in the gym sucking off two students who I recognised from my 6th form class. Jenny was stunning, she had long blond hair, a perfectly round, tight ass, and great tits. I couldn't believe that she would be one to fuck a student let alone two at the same time. 

She was clad in an all white outfit, tight yoga pants and sports top. The shirt had been ripped open and her tits were spilling out. She was on her knees with two students in front of her, their cocks rock hard as she sucked on one and quickly stroked the other. She swapped over every now and then and I noticed that she was incredibly sloppy. Both cocks were absolutely covered with her spit. I was frozen I the doorway, not knowing how to react but I could feel a heat growing between my legs. It was obvious that Jenny wouldn't see me and the two boys had their backs to me so my hand began to make its way down to the waistband of my skirt. By now almost all of the school population had left and the only ones who remained would be in detention on the other side of the school. 

My hand was inside my skirt and I quickly began to trace circles around my clit as I watched Jenny get more or less throat-fucked by the two boys. My cunt was dripping with my juices as I watched Jenny suck her students. I knew that my unsustainable appetite for sex would end up on me joining in but I wanted to make the most of this first. I began to push two fingers in and out of my wetness as Jenny's talented mouth and hands began to bring two teens to what was most probably their best orgasm. 

When I heard Jenny begin to choke on one of the cocks as the boy tried to force it into her throat I decided to step in. I dropped my suit jacket onto the floor and put my bag back on my shoulder. I unbuttoned the top of my shirt and rolled up my already short skirt so my ass was almost visible. I walked into the room with confidence and said.

"Need a hand Jen?" 

The two boys turned their heads to see another teacher walking in with a dirty a look on her face as the one who was sucking them off and still hadn't even as I walked in. Jenny took the cock out of her mouth and gave me a sultry grin. 

"How could I say no?" Jenny replied.

I dropped my bag on the floor and I did the same. Moving onto my knees in front of the cock that was in Jenny's hand. I licked my lips and ran my tongue around the tip of his shaft, catching up all the salty beads of pre-cum that were smeared all over the tip. When Jenny withdrew her hand from the cock I put the tip fully into my mouth and began to suck on the first few inches just as Jenny was. His length was already covered in spit from Jenny's sloppy cock-sucking so after a few moments I was able to start working his dick into my throat. 

I gagged slightly when his cock pushed through my barriers and I swallowed his whole length, to give him as much pleasure as possible I grabbed the backs of his thighs and pulled him forward so my mouth was close enough for me to lick his balls. He groaned in pleasure and Jenny, still with a cock in her mouth, looked at me in surprise. I pulled back and gasped in air and shot a filthy grin at Jenny. 

"The trick to giving a good blow-job is to let the guy be able to fuck your throat like any other hole. If he wanted a hand-job he'd so it himself." I indicated at Jenny's hand stroking what she couldn't suck. "Watch." 

I looked up and the boy who I'd been sucking off. 

"Fuck my throat, however hard or as rough as you want." 

At that his hands leapt to the back of my head and he began to quickly thrust his hips into my mouth. His cock pushed into my throat and with each thrust he went balls-deep into me. My gagging was audible as his already wet cock slid against my well lubricated mouth. I felt a few more drops of pre-cum on my tongue but most of it dripped down my throat. I could feel his cock throbbing in my mouth and I could feel he was about to cum. He tried to pull out but my hands went back to his thighs and I continued to throat-fuck him as quickly as I could. When his hips began to buck involuntarily into my mouth I brought his cock out of my mouth and beat him off as he came all over my face. Jets of hot, sticky cum shot from his cock and I felt the warm strands cover my face, most of it going into my open mouth. After his orgasm stopped I stopped stroking him and scooped up all of the cum from my face, licking it up as I ran my tongue around my lips. I looked at Jenny and swallowed his salty cum and it tasted divine.

"That's how you suck a guy off." 

All the time I'd been getting throat-fucked Jenny had carried on sucking off the other boy and I could see he was desperate to cum. I shuffled over to Jenny and placed my hands over her tits, rubbing them gently. 

"Put his cock in your mouth and suck him as deep as you can go." I command.

Without hesitation Jenny began to suck in earnest on the hard cock in front of her. She continued with her sloppy sucking which I had to admit was pretty hot to watch and within moments she was taking in about 3/4 of his cock but the rest was covered in spit. 

"Now you see how there's still some of his cock that isn't getting any attention you don't want to use your hand on that. A guy wants to fuck your face however he wants. So relax your throat and start to take in more of his cock." I instructed.

Jenny did just that but there was still at least an inch not being taken in and this guy wasn't particularly big, maybe about 7 inches. 

"See your still not sucking a of his cock so it's not in your throat yet, when it does get there it's going to be difficult to breathe so you'll need to time your breath as he pulls out."

After a few more momentums of Jenny sucking cock it was not fully in her throat so I decided I would have to intervene. 

"I've tried this the nice way and it's clear you're not going to do this on your own." 

My hand went to the back of Jenny's head and I pushed her down on the hard shaft in front of her. I could hear Jenny gagging and the sound was beautiful. I felt in complete control of this as the student whose cock was in her mouth wasn't moving any time soon. As I held Jenny's head there my other hand went down and planted a firm spank on her tight ass. Hearing her yelp I let go of her head and she pulled away gasping for breath. She was red-faced but had obviously enjoyed the clutch she'd felt from having a cock balls-deep in her throat. I could tell as I remembered when Johnny had taught me how a guy wanted to be sucked off and ever since I'd deep-throated cock whenever I could. 

The guy Jenny had been sucking off still had not cum yet so I looked at her and indicated at the throbbing cock with a flick of my eyes. Jenny went straight back to sucking on the cock and this time she willingly put the cock all the way into her throat with each bob of her head. My hand went back to her ass and I fondled the soft flesh. Suddenly I felt my head being jerked around and something hard invaded my mouth. Almost immediately Irecognised it as the throbbing hardness of a cock. It seemed that the boy I'd sucked off was easy for another round and I wasn't going to complain. Truthfully I loved sucking cock, especially now as I sucked a cock next to a woman who I had just taught one of the best bedroom tricks a woman could pull off. 

I held my hands behind my back and allowed the boy to fuck my throat again, this time I moved my head to meet his thrusts and it didn't take long for him to start to buck and twitch in my mouth. When I glanced at Jenny it was clear that the boy she was sucking was ready to cum as well. So with a nod of my head we both pulled away from the cocks and jerked them off as quickly as we could. Watching Jenny get a facial was almost as hot as getting one myself. I felt the hot jets of cum fill my warm mouth again and I looked at Jenny as her face was covered with the sticky fluid. I held the cum in my mouth and watch Jenny scoop up all the cum and deposit it in her mouth. Before she had a chance to swallow it I grabbed her face and pulled her into a heated kiss, out tongues tangling as the cum mixed in our mouths. After a few moments of the single filthiest kiss I'd ever taken part in I pulled away and we swallowed the loads we had at the same time. Grinning like school girls at each other after. Getting to my feet I turned to the boys. 

"Now get the fuck out of here, tell anyone and you'll never see this school or a job for the rest of your lives." 

They both quickly pulled up their trousers and grabbed their bags, leaving the room without looking back. I grinned and looked at Jenny, who was still in the floor with her tits out. 

"That was so fucking hot." She said to me.

"I learnt from the best." I replied.

My face was plastered with a sly grin as I walked over to her. Jenny stood up and I stepped forward, pressing a rough kiss to her lips. Her mouth opened to allow me entrance and out tongues twisted around in each other's mouths. I pushed Jenny back against the wall and my hands ran down to her ass, grabbing and squeezing it. Jenny unbuttoned my shirt and pulled my bra off my chest revealing my small but perfect breasts. We continued the fierce kiss for a few more moments until I pulled Jenny's torn sports top over her head. She pushed me back so I fell down onto one of the crash mats, dropping to her knees Jenny pulled off my skirt leaving me in just my black lace panties, which were sodden with my arousal. 

I flipped us over and returned the favour, but pulling off both mine and Jenny's panties in the process. We writhed on the crash mat; put bodies tangling as we continued to kiss. I broke the kiss to make my way down to Jenny's dripping pussy. I ran my tongue along her slit and her juices tasted oh-so good. My hand came up between her legs and I pushed two fingers inside her, quickly thrusting them in and out as I fuck her as fast as I could. My tongue focused on her clit and my combined effort quickly began to bring her to the edge. I stopped just as she was about to cum and reached into my bag. 

I pulled out a small, black butt-plug which the Doctor and I had picked up during one of our holidays. I saw Jenny's eyes fill with lust as she realised what I was about to do. I plunged the butt-plug into her pussy and coated it with her juices, thrusting it into her sodden cunt as quickly as I could until she began to scream in pleasure. I withdrew the butt-plug from her wetness, once again denying her a much needed orgasm. Slowly I began to probe her tight asshole with the dildo now dripping with Jenny's juices. The toy was only a few inches in length and after I pushed in the first fewcentimetres I stopped, allowing her to adjust. I continued this until the plug was firmly in her ass. Jenny moaned in pleasure as the plastic rested in her newly deflowered ass. 

"You like that don't you." I asked, my voice dropping to a sultry tone.

"Fuck yes I love that in my ass!" Jenny moaned.

I grabbed the toy and began to work it in and out of her ass, within moments I was assfucking Jenny with a 4inch butt-plug. With my other hand I slammed two fingers back into Jenny and I could feel the plug through the walls of her pussy, I also leant down and started to lap at her wetness again. It didn't take long for Jenny to get back to the edge and she was screaming in pleasure with a plug in her ass, my fingers in her cunt and my tongue licking her clit.

"Holy fuck, don't stop. Keeping fucking me like that. Fuck my ass harder!!" She cried.

I was more than happy to oblige and as I worked the plug faster Jenny's orgasm crashed over her. Her juices flowed all over my hand and tongue. I licked my hand clean of Jenny's juices and it tasted so good, much better than the cum I had swallowed minutes ago. I twisted the plug out of Jenny's ass and handed it to her. She flashed me a devilish grin and pushed me on to my back. After taking The Doctor's huge cock up my ass this morning Jenny was able to get the plug in no trouble. After a few moments of her experimentally ass-fucking me I reached over and pulled another dildo put my purse. This one was at least 9inches and solid. I handed it to Jenny and she quickly pulled the black plug out my ass. The new dildo would definitely need some lubing before I could take it up my ass so Jenny quickly got it to work on my pussy. I felt the hard plastic invade my cunt and it felt incredible. Holding the base Jenny used it to quickly thrust into my dripping pussy. After a few minutes I was moaning aloud in pleasure.

"Oh shit, fuck my ass with that huge fucking dildo. Oh holy fuck that's good. I want it in my ass, God fuck my ass!!"

Jenny pulled the dildo out my wetness and began to work it into my tight ass. The huge tip of the toy made its way into my ass and the rest followed easily. I was caught between pain and pleasure as Jenny began quickly butt-fucking me with a 9inch toy. My breathing became shaky and my whole body shuddered as Jenny forces the whole length of the toy into my ass. Through the pleasure in my ass I felt Jenny force three fingers into my cunt and I began to cry out.

"Holy fuck, holy fuck that feels so good. Don't stop ass-fucking me with that huge dildo. Ohhhh shit I'm gonna cum." 

With that my orgasm came crashing over me and my wetness gushed over Jenny's hand. My head fell back against the crash mat as I tried to recover from a mind-blowing orgasm. My pussy twitched again as Jenny pulled my dildo out of my ass. I clenched my ass cheeks as Jenny ran her hands over them and planted a firm slap on both cheeks, payback for earlier. The pair of us lay on the mats, Jenny's head on my tits as we regained our breath. As we lay there I thought to myself.

'If only I could work out how to get Felicia to act like this.'