 I couldn't believe this. I just couldn't believe this was even happening. Let alone happening to me.

I had gone out with some of the friends I had met at school. They were all very open-mined as I was and they always spoke their mind and loved to have a good time. We had gone out to a local club that was hidden down town. 

It was considered an "Open" club. People of all kinds of orientations and gender identification went there to hang out, having some drinks with friends, have a good time, and possibly hook up with some people. When you entered, you were given a bracelet of a certain color for your preference. It got rid of any confusion one might have when you're trying to hook up with someone.

White was for opposite sex (strictly male/female relations); black was open for anyone (of any sex or stage of sex change); blue was for same sex (male/male or female/female relations); green was for either sex (male or female relations); while red was for multiple partners of the opposite sex (more than one male or more than one female).

I had a red band on my left wrist and the three men bumping and grinding into me were all wearing green bands around their left wrists. One of them pulled my hips back against his hips, my head thrown back on his shoulder as the other two men crowed in on my sides and fronts, biting and kissing down my neck.

The guy behind me, John, rubbed my hips with his hands, one of them sliding deftly down the front of the skirt my friends had made me wear. I was wearing a pair of bikini styled panties that were black, with a dark green pleated skirt worthy of any school girl. I was also wearing a tight black tank top that showcased my breasts perfectly in my bright pink bra. I wasn't nearly as tall as the three men, even with the stiletto heels my friend lent me.

John cupped my sex through my panties, rubbing against my clit through the material. My hips bucked against his hand, causing all three of them to moan softly and crowd in closer, all of our hips grinding together in rhythm with the bass beat of the club. 

The guy to my right, Brad, dragged his hand up the back of my thigh to shove two of his fingers roughly into my already wet pussy. The shock of it made my hips jerk backwards, into John's groin, causing both of his hands to tighten, pressing me more firmly into him. I shuddered, my insides clenching demandingly as a slow fire started to burn low in my stomach.

Shawn, the guy to my left saw what had happened and smirked. He leaned in close to John's ear and whispered something. I felt John nod and lean toward Brad. 

Brad smiled against my cheek and removed his fingers, sucking them into his mouth as he stepped away and weaved his way through the crowd towards the bar. Shawn pressed against my front as John took his hand out of my skirt, the two of them effectively trapping me between them. I wrapped my arms around Shawn's neck and smiled at him.

Shawn slid his hands down to my hips to meet with John's. With John's help, they lifted my legs around Shawn's hips. I tightened my legs around Shawn's waist and tightened my arms around his neck. John backed off, but didn't let go. He wound his arm around Shawn's back and the two of them made their way over to Brad, who was standing off to the side from the bar, twirling a key ring on his finger.

When the three of us reached Brad, he turned and led the way down a half a flight of stairs before taking a sharp turn into a room. This club had complementary rooms that were garenteed to be clean with fresh bed sheets and blankets. They even stored boxes of condoms in the night stand. The only catch was that you had to be one of their regular and prized customers to get access to these rooms.

It made sure that whoever used the rooms wouldn't trash them and that they would be left as they were -- well, almost as they were. It was understandable if some of the condoms had gone missing and if the bed had been messed up.

I was suddenly dropped onto the bed, John and Brad working together quickly to get me unwrapped from Shawn. I landed on the bed with a surprised squeak. My annoyed glare had no effect on the three amused grins of the three men looking down at me.

Shawn started stripping of his clubbing clothes -- a tight t-shirt and tight pants, no underwear. Brad and John followed suit, all three of them naked in no time. I leaned up on my elbows, my eyes going wide as I looked at all three of them, my eyes never settling on one of them, my eyes not having the ability to. 

They were all well endowed. Each of them long and thick in their own right with well muscled bodies that were just begging for scratches from my nails. My breath hitched and my insides clenched again at the thought at having any one of them inside me.

John smirked at my obvious delight and crawled onto the bed, his hands moving to my feet, taking off my heels. Shawn and Brad joined him on the bed, the three of them making quick work of my clothes before I, too, was lying naked on the bed. The three of them shared lustful looks as they glanced at one another while taking their fill of my body.

Brad moved between my legs, his hands pushing against my thighs as wide as they'd go to open myself up to his eyes. John's mouth clamped down onto one of my nipples, my back arching in surprise as his hand came up to tweak and pinch at my other one. I gasped and rolled my hips, Brad's mouth suddenly attaching to my clit as my hips rolled, two of his fingers plunging into me.

My eyes rolled back into my head as they played my body like a fine instrument. I tried to focus long enough to figure out where Shawn was, but I couldn't find the will power to focus on anything. When all stimulation was taken away, my eyes popped open -- when had I even closed them? -- and I looked around. Shawn was lying on his back next to me, his hand slowly fisting his cock with a fresh condom covering him. 

My attention was brought back to the other two as the gripped my hips and man handled me into a straddling position over Shawn. My laid my hands on his shoulders, John and Brad's hands moving to my hips and sides to help settle me down onto Shawn's cock. I sucked in a deep breath as I was stretched to fit his girth inside of me, Brad's two fingers nothing compared to Shawn's cock.

I settled down comfortably onto his cock, my legs splayed wide over his. Before I could move or get any leverage, Brad pushed me forward into Shawn. I looked at him, confused, but he just smiled and winked, so I allowed it, turning my attention to Shawn's neck.

I bit down harder than I meant to when I felt someone's fingers against my back entrance. I tried to turn and look behind me, but Shawn grabbed the back of my head and pressed me back against his neck. I mentally shrugged and turned my attention back to Shawn, trying my best to relax and just go with the flow.

One small lubricated finger became two, which soon became three fingers that easily slipped in and out of me. My hips were continually rolling down onto Shawn's hard cock and back into the fingers stretching me as much as they could. Shawn's neck was now covered in bites and teeth markings. Shawn's hands gripped my hips tightly as hands pushed against my back to keep me steady as the fingers were removed. Shawn and I were moved down the bed a small bit so that he was in a very reclined position, almost completely lying down with me still on top.

I closed my eyes and settled my hips more firmly and took a deep breathe. I nuzzled Shawn's neck as another cock was slowly pressed against my loosened hole. I exhaled and bore down, tilting my hips up to ease the entrance.

When the other man had bottomed out, hands gripped my sides and arms, pulling me up into a kneeling position over Shawn with the two cocks still inside me. I took a deep breath and forcibly relaxed my muscles. I looked to both sides of me and I saw that John was sitting in a chair that was pulled next to the bed, watching the three of us on the bed. I shuddered as my insides clenched instinctively as the thought of being watched was processed in my mind.

It was indescribably hot.

I moaned as Brad moved his hips and drove his hips into mine, causing the withdrawal and reentry of his cock into me. It shook my body with such force that even the hands holding me upright couldn't keep me from having to hold myself up on my own, my hands clenching the bedsheets beneath us.

Both of their hands started petting my sides, trying to reassure me and silently ask if I was ok. Instead of nodding, I rotated my hips slowly, shuddering as sparks of pleasure ran up and down my spine. The two of them took it as incentive to keep going. They created their own perfect rhythm.

Brad would slide in as Shawn slid out and vice versa, the two cocks creating such a delicious slide of friction. Their thrusts were hard and deep and it made my insides clench with such pleasure it was almost intoxicating.

One of the hands on my hips moved down to circle my clit roughly. My hips jerked and my insides clenched tightly around the two cocks inside me. Their thrusting started to grow erratic and more forceful, losing their rhythm.

My thighs quivered with the strain of staying up right as my senses were overloaded from all of the different sparks of pleasure coursing up and down my spine. I couldn't form a coherent thought or word. Only gasps and moans escaped my lips with the occasional stuttered "f-fuck" as the two of them continued to thrust into me and tease my clit roughly.

I clenched my eyes shut as my legs spread further dropping my hips down into their thrusts. The finger circling my clit sped up and pressed harder, making my insides quiver and clench around them tighter. Shawn shuddered beneath me and, if possible, he managed to thrust his hips up harder than before, in his position. I mewl escaped from my lips and my arms shook from the strain of holding me up right.

I opened my eyes and looked over to John, watching as his hand moved hard and fast over his cock as he watched us, his eyes trained on the point where the three of our bodies met. I shivered violently at being watched so closely. John's eyes snapped up to mine, burning with lust before he snapped back down again to where all the action was.

I mewled again and twisted my hips sharply and clenched tightly around them. They started thrusting hard and faster than before, both of them straining to bite and kiss and scratch my sides, neck, and breasts. Shawn was gripping my shoulders to make me lean down closer to him so that he could suck and bite at my nipples, while Brad continued to rub my clit furiously.

I gasped, arching my back, twisting my hips and nearly screaming as my climax was ripped from me, pleasure almost overloading my system. The fingers kept rubbing and scratching, mouths kissing and biting, and hips thrusting upwards.

Brad gripped my hips with both hands, his hips snapping harder, his breath coming in gasps as he came nearer and nearer to his own completion. Shawn took over rubbing my sensitive clit and I nearly came undone once more from the added again stimulation.

Brad's hips came to a shuddering halt has he climax, his breath hot on my back. He was suddenly pulled from my body as Shawn flipped us, throwing me onto my back, my legs thrown over his shoulders, his cock pounding into me. The sudden change in position drove him deeper and took my breath away. He continuing rub of my clit brought me to another shattering orgasm.

Shawn was close behind this second time, biting my neck sharply as he came. He pulled out and landed on the bed next to me, Brad lying across the end of the bed. Before I could move again, hands were grabbing my hips and turning me over onto my hands and knees, a cock driving into my back entrance still slick with lube from Brad.

I shuddered and gasped, my hips shoving back instinctively as I dropped down into my elbows, my legs spreading as my hips dropped lower, making it easier to press backwards. John's hand moved back down to my sex like he had it earlier on the dance floor, his fingers rubbing against my clit aggressively.

I gasped, moving my hips away from his fingers, my over-sensitized clit almost unable to take it. John wouldn't have any of it, pressing his fingers harder and rubbing faster. I was soon washed over once more with the intense pleasure of my orgasm, my pussy dripping from the strength of it.

John climaxed in his own time, his hips snapping against mine so hard you could hear the slapping of skin against skin. When he had finished, he pulled out, falling to the bed along side me on my other side.

I let out a deep breath and turned over, throwing one arm over my head and closing my eyes. I rested my hand on my stomach and smiled. This is how evenings at clubs should go.