 I love to orally please the ladies. I love going down and do not want or expect anything in return. It has got to be my favorite of all sexual activities. Sure I like a good solid fuck as much as the next guy but if a choice had to be made. Go down or fuck. I'd pick go down. A fuck feels good, sure, you cum and it's done. I can masturbate to feel good with a cum. I can't savior the smell and taste of pussy through masturbation. I can't get off hearing and feeling a woman cum while my tongue is in her pussy. I am very good at the oral skills of pleasing a woman. 

I also have a fantasy about it. Unlike many fantasies that should just stay fantasies. If this one ever had a chance to come true I would jump at the chance. 

I'm in the kitchen and I hear my name called from in the living room. My wife and a few of her friends are sitting around having a few bottles of wine and talking about their boyfriends and husbands and whatever women talk about while they are getting rather hammered. I go in to the living room to see what's up.

"I told them how much you enjoyed going down on me and that it's got to be your favorite activity and any time I want I just tell you and you please me with your tongue, and you never say no because you know I'm the boss and you do what I say."

I'm embarrassed to hear this in front of everyone and can feel the flush come to my face. They comment on my blushing and laugh and tease me.

"I want you to show them how good you are." I look at my wife with confusion. 

"You will do as your told, do you understand?" I acknowledge my understanding. This has never happened before. Nothing, anything even remotely close to this.

"I want you to show us your cock. Then you're going to please me." I'm looking at my wife very confused, 

"Do it. Show them you'll do anything for me, show us your cock." 

With cheering all around me I step back and slowly undo my zipper. I look over at my wife. She's smiling and urging me on.

"Go ahead, Do it. Do it now!"

I reach into my pants and bring out my cock, it's soft, and I'm nervous and not really sure what's going on here.

"There OK" I start to put my cock back into my pants, 

"No, it's not OK. Your soft, doesn't the thought of going down on me excite you? You think they want to see a small soft cock? Take off all your clothes. Do as your told and do it NOW!" My wife barks sternly. 

I take off my shirt and drape it over the back of an empty chair then bend down pull off my socks placing them with my shirt. The women are watching and urging me on. I undo my belt, unfasten my slacks unzip and let them fall to the floor. Not sure about all this I bend over pick them up and place them with my socks and shirt.

"Stop stalling." My wife calls out, "get those shorts off."

I slide down my boxers and am standing naked. I'm also starting to get a little aroused.

"Still not hard? Stroke your cock for us."

I put my hand to my cock and start to stroke it. My wife stands, walks around me running here hand across my bare ass. She then unsnaps the side of her slacks and lets them fall to the floor. No panties but that's normal. Even the women cheer and urge her on also. She's beautiful. Nice legs meeting at a nearly bald pussy. I could see the moisture even before she sat down and spread her legs. My cock is now rock hard. I continue to stroke it. They aren't sure to watch me or watch my wife. I don't think some of them have ever seen a guy stroke himself.

"Get down on your hands and knees and crawl over here and show them what a good job you do cleaning a pussy."

I get down on my knees and crawl over to her putting my head between her legs and smelling that delicious pussy. I'm oblivious to the hoots, hollers, and cheer going on all around me. I slid my tongue up and down the slit, wiggling it back and forth to part them slightly as I go. My wife slides forward a little more in her seat. I can now reach the little pucker of her anus as I lick down then lick all the way up and twirl my tongue around her clit while gentle sucking on it like a small cock. I know I'm doing good as juices flow from her and I lick and suck quickly to get every drop. I reach up with my hands and gently part her lips to allow my tongue to probe deep inside her pussy. Just as I push to go as deep as I can I feel my hair being pulled up. Not to draw me closer but to pull me away. Disappointedly I look up and she says 

"Next!" 

I look over next to her and the other women have all removed their slacks or skirts. Pussy, so much glorious pussy. I see a bare smooth one and even one naturally thick with hair. They all were lightly stroking their pussies. I move over to the next and slid my head in. She grips me and pulls me firmly into her crotch. The taste is so good. What a wonderful evening. I go from pussy to pussy licking, sucking, tonguing. My wife breaks out a couple dildos to keep those waiting occupied. But, my wife tells them no one is to cum yet unless it's from my tongue. However, no one cums, because I'm called off to go to another, before I can finish them up. As I get back to my wife for the third time around she announces this time every one cums on my face. She has me lay down on my back. My cock is raging, holding its head high and throbbing almost painfully. She comes over and lowers herself down on my cock. I feel I'm going to explode right away. 

"OK, everyone come and kneel or squat on his face and ride him until you have cum and need a rest. I'll sit here and help you balance if you need it but mostly to watch his handiwork on your pussies." 

One by each woman plants her pussy on my face and rides me to orgasm. My face is wet with juices. It's running down the sides of my face and over my chin down my neck. I'm in heaven. When everyone is done my wife gets up and sets herself down on my face, grabs my cock and while I tongue fuck her she jerks my cock until streams of hot creamy cum shoot out and spatter on my chest. This is quickly followed by yet another gush of nectar. She falls off me to rest on the carpet next to me. I look around and see the women sitting around us watching, all relaxed and still excited by the action of the night. I close my eyes to relish the moment and hear my wife, 

"Seconds anyone."