    * Many thanks to my editor gethelred without his help this story would still be a mess*  



I sat, scanning the dance floor, my eyes flicking nervously back and forth. It had seemed so easy, back at home, as I had talked myself out, looking for the right one. It had to be the right one.

I watched as some girls danced in groups and some danced with friends but as yet none really seemed to be comfortable in really dancing with another woman. I was just about to give up when I saw Her step onto the dance floor. 

She wore a low cut peach top and a little black skirt that was tight at the top and flared at the bottom; it just barely covered her ass. As I watched her body keeping time with the music, she moved around the dance floor, dancing with everyone and anyone. I watched her as she danced up close to one of the groups of women and start to grind against one of them from behind. I felt my face heat up when a man came up behind her and began grinding against her; she placed one arm around his and the other on the woman's shoulder, moving it slowly down her back. I watched as her hands caressed across the woman's top, flattening her breasts hard within her top; the guy behind her seemed content merely to watch, and backed off a little. 

I made my way to the dance floor and worked my way over to where she was moving, placing myself in the gap the guy had created. I knew, right then and there, the second I touched her thigh, I had to have this woman. She turned her head, and looked at me. Her lips parted, and before I knew what I was doing, I reached my mouth forwards, touching mine against hers hard.

It was so incredibly hot inside her mouth. I felt her tongue dart out, toying along mine. I hummed into her mouth, unable to control myself. When our lips broke, her eyes were dark, and she was breathing heavily. I smiled at her- a bit nervously, I'll admit- before moving around behind her, running my hands over her stomach as I did. I moved in closer against her body, my breasts pressed against her back, and I knew she could feel how hard my nipples were. I felt her sigh, and she relaxed into the music, the two o us swaying, the other girl forgotten.

She turned towards me, and pressed herself harder into me, her thigh sliding between my leg, her skirt ruffled up between her hip and my stomach. Her leg was between mine and I could feel her thigh, rubbing against my mound. She raised her knee higher and I felt her press against me harder. I slipped my own knee between her legs, but only as a pretext to widen her stance,

I ran my hand along her abdomen, before dipping lower, my fingers teasing at the surface of lace. I didn't dare to press harder, but I could feel moisture. I'm sure my face reddened, and as I withdrew my hand and replaced it with my thigh she bit me lightly on the neck.

She began moving against me, like I was a rubbing post. Our breasts were pressed so hard together that my nipple was pressing against her collarbone, as her mound ground hard against my thigh. But she moaned even harder, and cupped my sex with her palm. I closed my eyes, shivering, as she teased me, her fingers toying around the edge but never fully touching me. I could feel her warmth, though; I could feel the heat from her, bursting out from between us and I knew she could feel mine as well. I began to run one hand down the side of her face down to her neck and lower to the top of her breast. She let her head fall forwards against my shoulder, pushing her chest forwards as best she could to push out and into me. I continued gently running my hand back and forth across her top, never going low enough to touch her nipples, no matter how she fought. I could see them growing harder, into fine points that made my palms itch to caress them, my lips to take them inside. 

She began moving her hand down my hip, reaching around to let it move slowly down my lower back. I leant in closer, putting both my arms around, her before signalling the man forward. As I let my hands run over the man's shoulders I felt her lips move against my neck. I was sure she could feel the shiver that ran through me at the touch of her soft lips on my skin. 

When the song ended I took her by the hand and lead her outside. As soon as we were through the door I turned, and pushed her hard against the wall. I pulled her to me and kissed her, desperately. I needed her, needed to be between her thighs. I wanted her as I have never wanted anything else in my entire life.

I shivered again as I felt her tongue slip inside my mouth and circle mine. Placing my hands on her ass I pulled her hips closer, letting my hands roam over her lower back, lifting her skirt. She was moving against me and I wanted to taste her so very badly but first I had to ask if she would be willing to help me make my fantasy come true.

Breaking the kiss I mover my head back, my eyes never leaving her.

"I'm Teresa." I kissed her hard. "And I need you."

She pulled my head in fiercely, forcing my lips apart with abandon.

I couldn't. I had to tell her.

"But I... I have a boyfriend. Would you be open to a threesome?"

Her eyes flicked up; she had been surveying my mouth.

"Kiss me like that again, and I'm yours and his for as long as you want."

She smiled. "I'm Leeanna."

I smiled back, into her lips as they met again, exploring.

I called my boyfriend and told him I was on my way home and that I had a surprise for him, my voice husky. He asked me what it was but I all I told him was to go into the bedroom and wait for me there. When he asked again, I told him if he wasn't in the bedroom waiting when I got there he wouldn't get his surprise and this was one I knew he was going to really enjoy- I looked straight at her as I said that. Then I hung my phone and flagged down a taxi.

Leeanna and I couldn't keep our hands off each other. I pulled her closer to me and began kissing her again, nibbling her lips, moving to her neck and working my way down. I pulled her top upwards, out of my way, as I kissed the upper swell of her breast. Pulling the top up over her head, I saw she had on a front clasp bra. I smiled as I unhooked it and began gently kneading her firm tits. Her nipple was a hard point; I just couldn't resist any more. I flicked my tongue over the tip then gently biting down. I had longed to taste her, so when she grabbed my head, pulling me firmly against her as her fingers cradled her head, I almost came right there.

"God yes," she moaned as I began to suck her harder, pulling more of her sweet flesh into my mouth. She was grinding against the seat so I slid my hand up her leg and under the skirt to find the lace soaking wet. I held my breath as I moved them aside, running the tip of my forefinger along her labia. I felt her shudder, and I parted her soft lips, and found her honey pot. I worked my finger inside her slowly; she was utterly, utterly tight around me. I moved my finger within her, making a come hither motion. I leant over, pushing her backwards as I stared down at her, spreadeagled in front of me. I quickly shut my eyes, and tried- unsuccessfully- to calm myself down; she was too much. I continued moving my finger within her, as I tentatively kissed at her mound, my tongue darting out, against her clit.

She was now chanting, "Yes, yes, yes, oh god!"over and over. I could feel her muscles clenching on my finger as she neared her peak. Just as her orgasm began to overtake her I felt the taxi pull to a stop. The driver looked back with a grin and said, "Take your time; this ride is free because I've enjoyed the show."

That seemed to trigger her release, and she cried out "I'm cumming! Oh god!"

I felt her juices cover my hand, filling my mouth. I lost myself, devouring her body, taking her into me. When her head came up, I eased my head from between her legs and moved atop her. As I climbed off her, I made sure she saw me as I licked her from one finger then offered another to the driver. He suckled my finger, taking time to make sure he got every last drop he could get. When he finished he took a piece of paper and wrote down his number, saying "Any time you need a ride, give me a call and if there's another show it'll be free again."

We wrapped arms around each other as we made our way to my apartment. I simply couldn't take my eyes off her, let alone my hands. She stared at me, her lips still parted, still the same expression she wore at the club.

"Leeanna," I whispered into her ear; she shivered at the sound of her name on my tongue. "Wait here for a sec."

I looked around the living room and into the kitchen for Ryan; he wasn't in sight. Good.

I motioned for her to come on in. Walking down the hall I called out, "Baby I'm home! Are you ready for your surprise?"

I eased the door open and stepped inside. 

"Close your eyes and keep them closed til I say open them. If you even dare peek the surprise is over."

Once he done as I asked I pulled her into the room and we began slipping each other's clothes off. All my nerves returned in full; what if he doesn't like her, what if he doesn't want her? A part of me wanted to share her with him, but a part wanted her only for myself. When we were fully naked, I moved to stand behind her and placed my arms around her body. She was warm to the touch, and I could feel her arch her back towards me, wanting, needing more. I brought my hands around her body, trailing fingertips against her thighs, up her stomach, then to cupping her breasts with my palms, feeling the soft weight of them. "Ok baby, now you can open your eyes." 

Ryan's eyes feasted on the two of us, on the exhibition we gave him. His eyes grew wide, his mouth fell open. He opened his mouth further to speak, but no sounds came out. I stepped around in front of Leeanna, cupping her face in my hands and leaned in to kiss her, looking deeply into her eyes. They were dark, possibly blue, but in the dim light it was hard to tell. As I leant in, her hands flew around my neck, and her lips locked hard with mine, our breasts mashing together between us. She moaned into me, her hands moving down, over my shoulder blades, to cupping my ass. I didn't want to, but I broke the kiss, her making a small sound of disappointment as I did. I held my hand out, and lead her over, climbing on my knees to straddle one of Ryan's thighs.  

"Baby this is Leeanna; Leanna, Ryan," I said, purring, as she crawled up to straddle his other leg, leaning in so that her breast rubbed against him as she moved closer. She started by running her tongue across his lips causing him to open for her, his breathing already heavy. Once his mouth opened, she plunged her tongue deep inside. It only took a moment before Ryan began returning her kiss and running his hands up and down her spine, going lower until he was squeezing her firm ass cheeks. I admit, I couldn't decide who I was the more jealous of at that moment. My hands mo0ved down my body of their own accord, the touches more scratches than caresses.

I moved over, onto the bed, watching. I was so turned on; I willed my hands to move as I wanted them to, down, over my breasts, squeezing each firm globe before giving first one nipple then the other a gentle pinch. I continued, stroking my stomach, circling my navel before moving to the top of my mound. 

As I eased lower I could feel my own heat and smell my arousal. I didn't want to rush so I just ran my hand over my swelling lips, feeling the moisture begin drip from inside me. I arched my back; I was more ready than I thought. As I watched, Leeanna broke the kiss and leaned over and began to suck on my right nipple, massaging the other with her palm. I glanced up to find that Ryan was doing the same thing to her, but then he lowered his mouth to her, sucking gently on her breast. She arched herself towards him, and I moaned in envy.

The combination of seeing that and feeling her nurse me was almost more than I could bear. I could no longer go without touching my clit. I slid a finger down, sliding between my pussy lips, delighting and sighing as I felt the warm slipperiness of them, and found my little nub standing, ready for attention. I began, working circles around it, building myself up. I worked myself harder, finally plunging my finger deep inside. I was so consumed that I didn't notice the movement beside me until Leeanna moved away from me, her mouth making a smacking noise as she slapped my breast playfully. I opened my eyes to find Ryan standing at the side of the bed, removing his clothes and Leeanna kneeling beside me, her expression hungry.

"Turn around, Teresa. Turn around and let me taste you," she almost whispered, in a passion filled voice. I turned, hypnotised, lying across the bed. She split my legs, kissing her way down from neck to breast, taking turns at drawing each nipple into her hot mouth, toying at it with her tongue before dipping lower to my navel, her tongue delving inside it. I squirmed, as she continued tickling me unmercifully. She continued down, until she had her lips at the top of my mound. She took her hands and spread me open for her, pushing my lips apart, feasting on the sight. The first feather soft touch of her tongue against my clit had me arching off the bed, I was so ready. She dipped her tongue deeply into wetness. She lapped my pussy like a starving man at a feast, hungry for me. I could feel it beginning, tingling through my body, and I started to shudder. She plunged two fingers deep inside me, working her fingers so well inside. She then suckled my clit, gently at first but with more pressure as she dined upon my flowing juice. Just I as I was thinking this couldn't feel any better I felt Ryan move over me and begin to dine upon my nipples. I pictured him, doing the selfsame thing to her before, and I lost it.

"Oh Sweet God!" I cried out as the two of them feasted on my body. I felt as though I were being swept away in a riptide of passion. I couldn't tell where my body ended and theirs began anymore. I reached out to try and find something to keep myself from floating away, anchoring me here. My hand came in contact with Ryan's cock and I drew him as deeply into my throat as I could. The first touch of my tongue on him caused Ryan to tremble and moan out my name. Ryan continued to fuck my face as Leeanna brought me to a second blissful orgasm. 

As I was beginning to feel as though I could handle no more Leeanna withdrew her mouth from my clit and cat crawled back up my body, pulling Ryan's cock gently from my mouth replacing it with her mouth, her fingers wrapped around Ryan, pumping him. I didn't care at this point; for the first time I tasted myself from the lips of another woman. I had to admit I tasted pretty good, whether it was from the mixture of her own special flavour with mine or just my own; it was intoxicating. I wanted to taste her again; the sampling I had gotten in the taxi wasn't enough. I rolled until she was beneath me and I began kissing down her body like she had done, taking time to pay homage to her firm lovely breasts, down to her navel giving it a loving nip before moving on down. I kissed my way down the inside of her thigh, her skin soft as silk against the coarseness of my tongue, licking and nibbling my way up the other thigh, reaching her steaming center . I paused to blow a puff of air on her clit, causing her to shiver. I watched as it swelled and peeked out from under its hood, fascinated. I was well beyond my nerves at this point, and she smelled so good- a mixture of apples and musk. I couldn't help myself; I dove in.

I placed a quick kiss upon her, just at the top of her slit, before running my tongue the entire length of her a couple of times. I plunged my tongue deep inside her, wiggling it around trying to draw out as much of her wonderful flavour as possible. I raised myself up on my knees, using my eyes to plead to Ryan to get behind and take me in one of his favourite positions. In a moment, I felt him leaning over my back, tracing his tongue down my spine causing me to shiver as I felt the roughness of his evening stubble on the sensitive flesh of my back. I felt his tongue slither down between my ass cheeks and further down til he could slide his tongue into me. He straightened, rubbing the head of his throbbing cock against my opening before setting himself, taking my hips with his hands. He plunged inside in one swift stroke, his first few thrusts slow and gentle. He soon gained momentum and began riding me hard. 

He left one hand on my hip and wrapped the other in my hair, giving himself the leverage to bottom out with each stroke. Tonight he was taking me like a man possessed and I loved it. 

I continued my assault on Leeanna's deliciously hot pussy, suckling at her clit as she had done for me. As I felt her start, her legs shaking, I placed two fingers inside her, stroking within her, keeping the pace slow and teasing. I looked up to see that she was rolling one of her nipples between her thumb and finger and had the other hand holding her other breast up, licking her own nipple. I moaned into her and she moaned in return. I pressed a hand on her lower stomach directly above her mound which I hoped would increase the pressure on her inside. Her inner muscles clamped around my fingers like vice and the tone of her moans let me know she was close to her orgasm. She began clenching her thighs around my head, bucking her hips wildly, her moans turning into whimpers then cries as she again covered my hand and now my face with her sweet nectar. Behind me I could feel Ryan's thrusts increase as his cock seemed to swell even bigger inside me. I reached between my own legs to stroke my clit as he pounded into me. Just as I felt the first spurt of his hot semen splash against my womb my own orgasm ripped through me. It was so intense I screamed and fell forward, lying against Leeanna's stomach as I struggled to get my breath back. Ryan was leaning against my back, struggling with his own breathing. After a few minutes we gathered ourselves, arranging things to get us all adequately onto the bed.

I lay in the middle and rested a hand on each of them. As we lay there I let my wonder to all the possibilities that this night held for us.