 We had always wanted to try out a threesome.  But finding that third partner was a chore, she had to be just right, I would not just accept any women.  I decided it would have to be my good friend Sarah, someone I felt comfortable with, someone who had seen me in the nude before.  But getting Sarah to go along with it, might be a problem.  I finally call Sarah and out right asked her how she would feel having a threesome with us; Sarah went on to say that she had been fantasizing about having sex with the two of us for quite some time, so, it was all set!  Kim was going to surprise Dave; this was to be his birthday gift from her to him, his fantasy come true.  

I invited Sarah over on the afternoon of Dave’s birthday.  I called him from work to let him know she would be there, and that she was feeling down cause she was kind of in a sexual slump.  He says to me,”Well, baby, you know, maybe we could help her”, I say, “That was exactly what I was thinking dear, so hurry home, we have a lil surprise waiting for you”.  He quickly hung up the phone, I could just imagine him running around the office like a chicken with his head cut off, trying to get out of there as fast as possible to get home.

Sarah and I heard his car pulling up in the driveway; it was time to put our plan into action.  As soon as Dave walked in the door, I grabbed Sarah in a passionate lip-lock, looked over at Dave to see his mouth hanging open, and Sarah says to him,” If you promise not to get jealous honey, I will give you the best blow-job you have ever had”.  Before Dave knew what was going on, my best friend was down on her knees in front of him.  She reached up and unzipped his jeans, and his cock sprung forth, with skill she began to suck on his hard cock, I thought it was about time to move our little orgy to the bed.  

I wanted to see him fuck Sarah, fuck her like she had never been fucked before, but first I wanted to taste her, I got between her legs and slowly tongued her wet cunt.  Dave was rock hard watching me go down on Sarah, so I got up and motioned for him to take her.  He thrust his hard cock into her wet pussy.  Her pussy was wet with her juices and my saliva.  I watched as he fucked her harder and harder.  I was so excited seeing this that I got out my dildo and started to fuck my own pussy in rhythm to their fucking.  Dave knew I was close to cumming, so he suggested a switch.  He wanted to see Sarah fuck me with her tongue.  

Sarah got down between my legs and licked me from the top of my slit all the way to my ass; I was squirming with joy.  Slowly up and down my slit she licked, pausing at my clit to nibble it between her teeth very gently, between my moans, I told Dave to take her from behind.  I wanted him to fuck her while she was going down on me.  As soon as he entered her wet pussy from behind, she was moaning into me, licking me faster and faster, paying more attention to my clit.  I knew we were both going to cum any minute.  Dave started pushing into her harder, making her face go into my twat harder, and all at once we all came.  Dave filled her sweet pussy with his jiz, as I came in Sarah’s mouth, I looked down and I could see her juices and his flowing down her legs.  

Dave was ready for a nap by this time, but we were not having any of that, this was his birthday present, and Sarah and I were far from finished with him.  Once again Sarah got down on her knees, and proceeded to suck his cock again, and before he knew what was going on, his cock was hard a rock once again.  Sarah then climbed up on his cock, and rode him, and then I came over and sat down on his face so he could tongue fuck me while he was fucking her with his cock.  Sarah and I were facing one another, and began to kiss and touch each other’s tits.  I leaned over and took one of her tits in my mouth while I pinched the nipple of her other one.  I could tell she liked it, cause she started to ride Dave faster.  She was furiously bouncing up and down on his cock, as he slid his tongue in and out of my pussy, pausing now and then to circle my hard clit and bite it, god I love when he takes my clit in his teeth and nibbles on it.

Before we all came, Dave wanted to change positions once again, he was full force into this fantasy come true, and he wanted it all, and was not going to stop till he had just that.  Dave reaches over and grabs Sarah, and places her legs on his shoulders, he then rams his cock into her as she screams out his name in ecstasy.  He knew she was cumming when he felt her pussy muscles grab hold of his cock, so he began to ram into her faster and faster, till her whole body shakes with one big orgasm.  Dave then takes me the same way, and starts pounding me with the same fierceness he was with Sarah, and in no time at all I start to cum just as he gets ready to cum also.  I wanted to see him cum all over Sarah’s tits, so he pulled his cock out of my soaking twat, and shot load after load of hot cum all over her tits, which I in turn licked all up.  After all of that fun, we were all exhausted and fell back on the bed together for a little nap