 This is my first submission on Literotica. I hope people enjoy it ... and if you do, let me know, I'd love to hear from you. 

* * * * *

I arrived home after a long day at work. Work had sucked again and I just wanted to chill out, open up a beer and plop my ass down on the recliner.

As I was opening up the door, I heard the phone ringing. I ran to pick it up, and heard the voice of a girl I'd dated once. I said, "Hello Tasha." We chitchatted for a while and then she asked if I was still going to make it to dinner tonight? I had totally forgotten that we had made plans to go out. I was about to make an excuse, and she heard the catch in my voice, and said, "C'mon, please don't bail on me." I thought about it, and then realized that it had been a really long week and getting out of the house probably wouldn't be all that bad.

So we decided to meet in an hour at a bar, and go to dinner after a couple of drinks. 

I shaved and took a quick shower, and pulled on a nice pair of slacks and a comfortable long sleeve shirt. It was going to be a beautiful night, as the sun was starting to set with not a cloud in the sky. 

I headed into Boston, starting to get a little bit of energy, as always happens when I get out of the house. I was actually looking forward to seeing Tasha again, as she was a really sweet woman, attractive, funny, and with a great little body. Definitely nothing to complain about.

After 5 minutes of searching, I finally found a parking spot and headed into the bar. The bar was packed, with it being a Friday night, and Tasha wasn't there yet, as I was a few minutes early so I sat down at a corner table in the only quiet part of the bar. A couple of looks around, and the scenery was definitely not bad ... a couple of very cute chicks walking around. I saw one walking over to me that was extremely hot. Of course she was the waitress, and I ordered a beer. She came back a minute later and started talking, asking if I was a student at one of the colleges in the area. We talked for a couple of minutes, and she introduced herself as Stephanie, and then she had to go back to work. Damn ... she was definitely cute. Half the beer was gone, and I was starting to wonder if Tasha wasn't going to make it, when she finally walked in. 

She found me in the corner, and instead of sitting across from me, she sat down right next to me. She gave me a quick peck on the cheek and we started a casual conversation. I could feel her body next to mine as the table wasn't very large, and I could feel her breasts against my elbow. I moved my shoulder, and when I noticed she didn't pull away, I smiled. 

My beer was just about done when Stephanie came over again. She laughed, joking that I had taken so long to finish my beer, and then took both of our beer orders. As she walked away, I was amazed to see Tasha following her with her eyes. I coughed a bit, and she turned back blushing. I just laughed as Tasha said "Sorry, I was ... just umm ... well, she's cute!" I agreed, and said I had noticed earlier myself. We both started laughing right as Stephanie came back. She asked what was so funny, and we both replied nothing. She mentioned that she was really tired, and had been on her feet all day, and Tasha quickly said, "Well why don't ya sit down?" 

Stephanie looked around quickly, and said, "What the hell, one minute won't hurt." We started talking as a group, and found out that she was a senior student at BC. She was amazed to know that I was 25 and Tasha was 26. She had thought we were both students! We had a fun conversation until her manager came over, as we hadn't realized we'd been talking for about 5 minutes. 

She asked if we wanted to eat, and one quick glance between Tasha and I was enough to decide we were going to eat there after all. We ordered a couple of burgers, and Stephanie walked away. This time, both pairs of eyes were checking out her behind as she walked away.

A couple of hours later, Tasha and I were both getting a bit tipsy. We were both being a lot more upfront than we probably should have been, especially considering it was our second date. We had started kissing, and our kisses were getting a lot more lustful. I could feel her hands on my thighs as we continued to kiss, slowly and lustfully, her tongue playing with mine. We heard an "Ahem" and pulled away, looking up as Stephanie was smiling at us. She told us to stop, otherwise she'd start getting turned on. I replied, "Now wouldn't that be a shame." Stephanie blushed and walked away again. 

Being slightly drunk, I blurted out, "Damn, what I wouldn't do to her." I quickly realized what I said, and was thoroughly embarrassed as I figured Tasha would be extremely upset, but I was caught by surprise when I heard Tasha say, "I hear ya." 

I looked over and peered into Tasha's eyes. "Excuse me?" I uttered. 

Tasha just responded, "Well ... I can admire another woman can't I?" 

Having nothing to say, I took a drink of my beer. Looking up again, I saw Tasha's lips right next to mine, and couldn't stop myself from kissing her. Once again the kiss was hot and heavy. Even though I was buzzing, I could feel everything around me, and I could completely feel Tasha's hand slowly moving up my thigh.

I gasped a bit as I felt her hands brush against my very hard dick. I couldn't believe how excited I was, but obviously she didn't mind, as she kept her hand right on my cock. As the kissing kept getting hotter, her hand kept pulling and playing through my pants. Eventually, I realized she was getting sick of what she had to do to get to me, and decided to just unzip my pants. Suddenly it hit me that we were still in a public place, and I tried to stop her, but since I couldn't make it too obvious, she was easily able to get her hands inside my pants.

All of a sudden she straightened up and started trying to have a normal conversation. The only problem was that under the table, she was playing with my cock. Moving her hand up and down, turning me on completely.

By trying to make herself more inconspicuous, she made it obvious that someone was going on, and when Stephanie came over next, she asked if I was okay. She said "You look flushed, are you okay? Too much beer?" As I was about to answer, Tasha squeezed hard, and I gasped out loud. Stephanie's face took on a questioning look, and as she was about to walk away, Tasha commented, "He's just fine, thank you."

Stephanie turned back around and seemed to have just been hit by a hard punch as she seemed to realize what was going on under the table. She asked Tasha, "You're not ... you know ... are you?"

Tasha just grinned back, and continued stroking my dick. 

I was amazed at what was going on, and was even more surprised when I saw Stephanie look around, smile and say, "Why don't you two come with me."

Tasha and I looked at each other and figured why not. Tasha gave me one more squeeze, and put my cock back in my pants. I got up and Stephanie grinned as she saw the nice bulge in my pants.

Tasha and I followed her as she took us into the kitchen. She quickly took off her waitress apron, and continued out the back door. We quietly followed her as she took us for a short walk for about two blocks.

She took us into a building, which she quickly told us was her dorm, and we walked upstairs into her room. 

She shut the door behind us, and said "As soon as I found out what you two were doing, I started getting wet. That turned me on."

Tasha just grinned and turned and kissed me again. Feeling her lips on mine and her tongue playing inside my mouth ... and knowing another woman was standing a couple of feet away watching, made my cock hard immediately. We kissed for a minute before Tasha pulled away and asked Stephanie if she'd like to kiss me.

It felt like a dream had come true for me as Stephanie smiled and walked over to me. She put her hands around me, and slowly brought up her lips to mine. Her soft lips were small, a contrast to Tasha's luscious lips, but she was still a great kisser. I ran my hands over her back and felt hers on mine. I could tell she could feel my cock poking her, and I could tell she wasn't upset at all. We finally pulled away from each other, and Tasha said "It's my turn again." Tasha walked over to us, and surprised the hell out of me, when she grabbed Stephanie and started kissing her. I could see them getting turned on, as they ran their hands over each others bodies.

It was amazing to see one of my biggest fantasies coming true in front of my eyes, as I saw Tasha slowly move her hands onto Stephanie's breasts, and squeeze them from outside her shirt. They finally separated and Stephanie looked at myself and Tasha and said she'd be right back.

Tasha came over to me, and said, "God this is so hot." We started kissing again. I just needed to feel those greats boobs, and took off her top. Tasha moaned as she felt my tongue slowly moving down her neck, kissing and nibbling on her throat and her ears. All of a sudden she backed away from me, and fell to her knees. She looked up into my eyes, and said "I need you in my mouth." She took off my belt and quickly pulled my pants down. I was left standing in the middle of a stranger's dorm, with my pants around my ankles and a woman at her knees in front of me. I couldn't turn my eyes away as I saw Tasha lick her lips and take my dick in her hands. She slowly stuck out her tongue and licked the head of my dick, tasting the precum. She looked up again, and moved her head down to my balls, slowly taking each into her mouth and sucking softly. I gasped as it felt incredible and my cock seemed to have a life of its own. Tasha moved her head back up and slowly took my cock into her mouth. I couldn't believe my luck as she just kept taking in more and more until she had me completely in her mouth.

As she pulled back, I heard a moan, and was shocked when it wasn't Tasha but Stephanie. She stood at the door, and had a couple of drinks in her hand. I figured she'd gone to get us all drinks, and she was obviously excited at what she saw when she came back. "No fair," she whimpered, putting the drinks down and coming over to where I stood. As she walked over, Tasha continued sucking on my dick. Stephanie fell to her knees, and started kissing my left thigh. Tasha took my dick out of her mouth and "handed" it over to Stephanie, who licked it from top to bottom and sucked it into her mouth. Tasha took off her bra, and was left topless, and started unbuttoning Stephanie's shirt. Surprisingly, Stephanie wasn't wearing a bra, which gave Tasha quick access to her hard nipples. I could feel Stephanie's hot little mouth on my cock, moving in and out, it felt like I was fucking her mouth. She slowly pulled out and Tasha took me back into her mouth. I knew I couldn't last much longer, and I told Tasha that. It just seemed to make her more excited, as she moved her mouth on my cock even faster. In the meantime Stephanie moved up to kiss me, and feeling her tongue on mine made me lose control.

I felt my cock spurt out more cum than I ever thought was possible ... and I could tell that Tasha was enjoying my cumming in her mouth. She took every little bit and sucked hard once more to make sure she got everything. She slowly stood up and pulled Stephanie to her, and locked her lips on Stephanie's. I was shocked to see the two sharing my cum and I could tell the night wasn't over yet...

The two women finally stopped kissing, as Stephanie walked away and picked up the drinks and handed them out. She then walked over to her bed, which was in the corner of the room, and Tasha and I followed her. We all took a couple of chugs, and then Tasha put her drink down and began kissing Stephanie again. It was as if I wasn't even there, and I didn't care! Tasha took off Stephanie's skirt, and all she was left with was a hot red thong that fit her ass perfectly.

The kisses got deeper and more lustful. Stephanie pushed Tasha down on her back and began removing her pants. I found a chair in the room and made myself comfortable, more than content to sit and watch. Tasha was now naked, and it was incredible to see Stephanie slowly moving her silky lips down Tasha's body. Tasha arched her back as Stephanie reached her breasts. She sucked on her left nipple, while playing with the right one with her hand. She continued for a couple of minutes, and then switched her lips to the other breast. The only thing that could be heard in the room were Tasha's moans. Stephanie then started moving lower, reaching the bellybutton, and kissing in and around it. She moved her lips to Tasha's thighs, then lower almost to the knees, licking and kissing all the way down.

Eventually she began moving up again, moving her lips along Tasha's inner thighs. Even from where I was sitting, I could see Tasha's pussy was wet and completely shaved, and heard a gasp as Stephanie's lips found Tasha's. Stephanie's mouth began moving up and down, licking and sucking on Tasha's clit, and then moving down to her wet and willing hole. She took her tongue and stuck it in as far as it could go, and Tasha's yelp was probably loud enough to be heard throughout the dorm. 

What a sight I had, one beautiful woman lying naked on a bed, with another beautiful woman eating her out, and her beautiful ass sticking up in the air, covered by only a thong. Tasha looked over at me with a smile, it was obvious that she was enjoying herself. She didn't look away as Stephanie's tongue continued playing with her pussy, licking her in and out, up and down, doing things with her tongue that only another woman could do. I knew Tasha was about to cum as her eyes shut and she put her hands on Stephanie's head, looking like she was trying to suck her head into her pussy. Stephanie found the spot and concentrated on it, taking Tasha's clit into her mouth with a suck and giving it a soft bite. That was all it took as Tasha moaned "I'm cuming!" She bucked but Stephanie didn't stop and seemed very happy to continue. 

Tasha looked over again and signaled me over. With the sights that I had seen for the last 15 minutes, I was hard again, and I went over to the bed, naked with only a raging hard-on. Tasha finally pushed Stephanie off her, and I took her thong off ... leaving all three of us naked. Stephanie moved to all fours, as I stood behind her, and lay down on the bed on my back. I moved my head under her, and had my tongue right below her sopping pussy. The smell of an excited woman has to be one of the best scents in the world, and I had to taste her. I stuck my tongue out and tasted her wetness, she was soaked, but she tasted great. I found her clit and took it into my mouth. As I was letting go, all of a sudden I felt Tasha's mouth on my cock. She was deep throating me again and it felt incredible. 

I could hear Stephanie moaning, as I was licking her pussy all over, sucking on her lips. I moved my tongue over her hole, and used my hands on her breasts. I could tell Tasha was enjoying what she was seeing, as I heard her say "Lick her pussy! Yeah, just like that!" And then she took me back into her mouth. I was in heaven. Stephanie was about to cum and she started moving like crazy. I had to hold on tight not to lose her, and one more flick of the tongue on her clit and I knew she was coming. The smell of sex filled the air, as Stephanie got up off me. Tasha still had my cock in her mouth and was sucking it like there was no tomorrow. I could tell by now that my date loved giving head. She was licking the head of my cock, and it felt great, but I had to finally push her away. I wanted to be inside her, and I wanted it now.

Tasha lay on her back, and I stood in between her legs. Stephanie moved over on top of Tasha, so her pussy was in Tasha face. She then moved her head down to where my cock was about to enter Tasha and took it instead into her mouth. I could tell when Tasha's tongue found Stephanie's pussy, as I heard a muffled gasp and my cock fell out of her mouth. Stephanie took my hard dick and slowly placed it against Tasha's clit ... and moved it down to the hole that was so wet, one slight push and my cock was inside. I heard Tasha whimper with my dick stroking inside her, and I could see Stephanie was enjoying Tasha's tongue playing with her wet pussy. Stephanie looked up at me and we began kissing. 

The room was full of moans as all three of us were very charged up. Stephanie pulled away from my lips and moved her head back down so it was very close to my dick and Tasha's pussy. She had about as close a view as possible of me plunging inside Tasha. I looked down and saw only the top of Tasha's head, as she continued to lick Stephanie up and down. And I heard a different type of moan as I looked to where my cock was and saw Stephanie's tongue finding Tasha's clit. I pulled out to let Stephanie have more access to Tasha, but was surprised when Stephanie grabbed my dick and pulled it into her mouth. I felt her tongue licking me up and down and saw that Stephanie was enjoying the taste of my cock and Tasha's pussy mixed together. She put my dick back into Tasha, and I pushed myself as hard and deep as I could into her. Tasha moaned, saying "Don't stop, I'm going to cum," and I picked up the pace, moving in and out of her, stroking her pussy with my hard penis. I felt Tasha tighten on me, and her muffled moans made it obvious she was coming. 

"My turn," said Stephanie as she got up and lay down on top of Tasha. I didn't have to move much as the two pussies were right there, one laying on top of the other. I entered Stephanie, knowing I wasn't going to be able to last long, but hoping that I could make her cum before I did. I saw the two beautiful women kissing, and the thought that they were mixing the tastes of their own wetness as well as my dick was perfect. I enjoyed the tight feeling of Stephanie, realizing in the last half an hour, I'd been in two of the tighest women possible. "This was great." I thought. After another minute, I heard Stephanie start moaning, and it was right on cue, because I was going to cum soon as well. Stephanie's moans grew louder, as she moved her pussy faster and faster over my cock. I almost didn't have to move as she was going on her own and all of a sudden a loud and guttural moan informed me she had just cum.

I was about to lose it myself when I heard Tasha say "NO! I want you to come in my mouth!" I pulled out and both women quickly turned their bodies over to have their faces right next to my about to explode dick. I felt like I was in a porn video all of a sudden, but who was I to say no? Tasha took me into her mouth, tasting Stephanie's wetness as well as her own from earlier. I was about to cum and pulled away from Tasha. I put my hand on my cock and I just closed my eyes as I exploded, cumming everywhere. A couple of seconds later, I felt a mouth on my cock and looking down saw Stephanie licking me dry. For the second time that night, I then saw the two beautiful women start kissing again ... getting the chance to taste all their hard work.

Knowing that I had just satisfied both women and had lived out my fantasies ... I was very content, and we all fell asleep naked together.