 Rekha was surprised how easily her so called limit was gone. It left her blushing to realize that she was not only kissing someone besides her husband, she was doing it in a public place and that too in front of her friend. It was too much of a realisation for Rekha to digest. Jaya tried to strike a conversation but Rekha avoided it all together. The person in the oddest position was Amit. He decided it was best to stay silent. He just drove all the way to his home. 

Rekha was trying to understand the new feelings which ignited her mind with endless combinations of thoughts and ideas. Once she got inside the house, she realized it was not her home. It was too late by then. 

Jaya's face glowed as she asked Rekha: "He is so amazing, isn't he?"

Rekha was totally confused what to reply. Amit indeed was the best guy. Rekha was weighing up the words before she spoke.

Rekha: "I am really happy for you."

Jaya: "Are you only happy for me?"

Jaya was clearly teasing Rekha. Jaya's openness confused Rekha much. Was it known to Jaya that Amit had a relation with her? Many such questions were making her tummy growl. 

"Don't be tensed Rekha," Jaya smiled, "I know everything that happened between you and him, every minute detail. We have a very open relation."

Rekha was short on words. She was clearly choking on words to keep the conversation going.

Jaya: "He is absolutely insatiable. I think you clearly know what I mean by him being insatiable or should I explain it to you?"

Rekha realized that she had crossed so many of her so called limits in this hour of her life. She had kissed someone besides her husband and now she was discussing her friend's sex life, something she had never entertained before. She was feeling quite curious and wanted to ask Jaya what all he did with her. She wondered if she had not experienced something that Jaya had experienced. 

"I know you have many questions creeping up your mind," Jaya teased Rekha, "Ask them."

Rekha: "Since you know the minutest details of what happened between him and me, what is it that I have not experienced yet?"

Jaya was now reeling by the new frankness with Rekha. Jaya did not say a word and instead fixed her gaze on Rekha's face, this made Rekha blush some more. 

Rekha: "Will you tell me or should I ask him? I think he will be more than eager to reply."

The game between the two friends had started yet again. Neither one felt bad about it. There was a certain spark in the air, beside their brains and bodies.

Jaya: "You are like a school girl who has just enrolled in a college to graduate. Be limitless and you will be a graduate in one night is all that I can promise."

Just the thought of spending the night with Amit made her heart gallop multifold. Rekha was wondering what fun had she missed out on. In her personal view, she had almost explored all the angles that her mind could perceive. 

Jaya: "Rekha, leash the horses which run in your mind. Don't try to envisage what you have missed because it is beyond your wildest dreams."

Rekha knew it well that Jaya was coaxing her to spend the night with them. Rekha too wanted to spend the night with them but she just wondered what it that she had missed out on is, what Jaya meant by being limitless etc. 

Rekha could see the extra sparkle in Jaya's eyes. She knew she was in trouble already. Rekha got up and sat up close with Jaya - after all she wanted to know everything she had been missing out on. She told Jaya that she would spend a night with them and will not impose any limits on both of them but first Jaya would have to tell her what all she was missing out on. 

"Ass?" Jaya said. 

It was something which Rekha always thought of as a one way lane. Rekha was the one having the looks of question in her eyes. The atmosphere was all bitchy, as it is supposed to be between two close friends. Jaya told Rekha about Amit's obsession for ass. Jaya continued telling her all the small details - how it started, how she adjusted, how he cared for her, the hygiene issues and how it all happened. 

Jaya: "Do you know that I cum the hardest when he is ass fucking me? Wait until he reams your sexy ass."

Rekha could not quite imagine Amit reaming her ass but Jaya's word made her wet between the legs instantly. 

Rekha: "Look what you have become Jaya, a slut. A dirty ass fucking slut but if it is that which makes you happy - who am I to object. How do you take his huge dick in your tiny little ass?"

The tension had dissolved between them. It just felt like college days when they would sit together and bitch for hours. All the travelling had left them tired, Jaya got themselves something to eat and drink. The discussion went on for another hour. Rekha wanted to freshen up (in anticipation of things to come). 

"Rekha, wear something which gives ready access to the ass, my man dreams of." Jaya said quite naughtily.

Rekha was blushing like a girl being introduced to sex for the first time. Her skin radiated heat knowing that Amit had conveyed to Jaya about his fantasy to ream her ass. To her utter surprise, Rekha was no more disgusted with the idea of being reamed. One could say that Rekha was nervously excited.

Rekha said something which made her look like the bigger slut of the two. She asked Jaya "Does he exhaust fast?"

Jaya naughtily replied "You know the answer already but you have yet to experience how many times he can go for you in a night when he is in the mood."

Rekha avoided further conversation on those lines. 

Rekha: "Why don't you choose the dress for me?"

Jaya: "I would leave that to you. Let's see what kind of a slut you are."

Rekha took a while to decide what to wear. The feelings were absolutely the same as her first night. The shyness, the excitement, the anticipation were exactly the same. The only change was the dress. She chose to wear a long t-shirt. Rekha checked herself in the mirror for umpteenth time before making her way out. 

Jaya's eyes teased Rekha as she made her way out. Jaya whistled as Rekha made way towards the sofa. 

Jaya: "You look so much sexier than the college days."

Rekha could just blush in response. Jaya giggled as Rekha tried to cover as much of her leg as possible, while she sat on the sofa. 

Jaya: "Why are you trying to act so nice types? Are you not a whore who exposes herself to anyone who pays?"

Once again, the word "whore" made Rekha squeeze her legs. Wish she knew why this word had such an effect on her. 

Rekha: "Did you pay?"

Jaya was taken aback at Rekha's bold move. 

Jaya: "Would you like to be paid?"

It was Rekha's turn to be at the receiving end. Rekha refrained from answering.

Jaya: "Let's see if have really left away your self-imposed limits or you are still carrying them around?"

Jaya shifted a lot closer to Rekha and looked into her eyes. She could clearly see that Rekha had indeed left away her self-imposed limits. The question was whether she had put them away totally or removed a few of them. Jaya put her hand on Rekha's exposed thighs and let her fingers move up. Rekha did not resist Jaya's advances. She instead positioned herself in such a way that Jaya got easy access to her body. 

Jaya was taken aback by this bold move. She was busy imagining what had made Rekha change so much. Jaya ultimately decided that it hardly mattered how it happened, as long as it was happening - it was fine. Jaya was getting naughtier by the passing minute and Rekha was opening up by the passing seconds. 

Jaya: "Burgundy color compliments your skin perfectly, a nice contrast to your fair skin. Nice choice" 

Rekha just listened. She was wearing a white color long t-shirt. She wondered what made Jaya think she was wearing the color burgundy. A thought crossed her mind - was Jaya color blind? She then adjusted the shoulder of her t-shirt and realized that her bra strap was showing. Rekha swore at Jaya for being such a minx. Jaya just giggled. Their conversation was cut short as they saw Amit entering the room. 

Jaya: "Amit, isn't she looking hot in this t-shirt?"

Amit stopped and looked at Rekha pretty nicely. 

Amit: "Yes, she is. I think we both know how she looks with and without her clothes."

Rekha could feel her cheeks burning red with passion. 

Amit: "Rekha, believe me, I am the luckiest guy on this whole wide world. To have you without limits, alongwith my wife, is something which I never could even think of in my wildest of fantasies."

Amit came and sat next to Rekha. Rekha was in between both of them. Her body and mind were on a rollercoaster ride thinking of everything that was going to happen between her and Amit, wish she knew the role Jaya would play. 

Rekha deliberately faced Amit. She did not want to give him access to her ass, so soon. 

Rekha: "You suddenly went missing. Were you upto something mischievous?"

Amit: "I sometimes wonder how close you two would be as friends if you knew each other's kinks as well."

Amit's word bombarded Rekha's imaginations with a thousand new thoughts. She wondered what he really meant. Jaya's giggles confused her further. 

Amit: "Jaya, I got you everything that you wanted. It is in my backpack in the bedroom."

Jaya did not say a word, just giggled, and made her way to get the backpack. It was a moment of awkwardness for Rekha to be all alone with Amit. She pondered what is it that was making this moment so odd, after all she had spent much time with him -- with clothes and without clothes too. Maybe her mind was on an overdrive, she just needed to take relax. 

Rekha's stream of thoughts got the much required jolt. Amit grabbed the back of her neck and pulled her up for a kiss. The kiss was soft but his tongue clearly conveyed his desires and urgency. He grabbed her ass cheeks with his other free hand. Rekha felt a renewed surge of passion to see his state of desire, for her. She shyly let him do all he wished. 

Amit (whispered in her ears): "I am dying to ream you to ecstasy."

Jaya entered carrying the backpack. She had changed into a long t-shirt herself. One could clearly see her boobs shaking left to right. It was more than clear that she was not wearing a bra anymore. 

Jaya: "Amit, is it fair that I am without a bra and Rekha gets to wear one?"

Rekha felt so very shy, imagining undressing herself for him. 

Amit: "What is the rush Jaya? I want to take things slow, real slow. I really do want to compare the two of you. I want you both to undress piece by piece."

Rekha looked at Jaya questioningly. Only she knew that that it was one of her (Rekha's) biggest fantasies where a guy tells her to undress along with one of her friends and makes love to both of them. Jaya scanned Rekha quite lustfully as she walked up close to her and sat on Amit's lap. Rekha once again felt his hand, on the back of her neck, as he pulled her up for a kiss. The only difference this time was that it was Jaya who was kissing Rekha. Rekha felt every cell of her blistering for a release. She had never experienced such soft, warm and horny feelings before. Rekha felt quite embarrassed as her body forced her to revert back to Jaya with equal effort, if not more, in the battle of their tongue and lips. 

Jaya: "Gosh! Rekha you kiss so nicely. You even taste sweet."

Rekha could not look at Jaya or Amit in their eyes. She was feeling too shy.

Jaya: "Don't feel so shy, be normal dear."

Amit: "I must say that if you keep acting so shy, you might end up being roughed up by us. You look so much sexier."

Rekha's head dug into her chest out of shyness. 

What happened next was something which was something out of control. Amit pulled her head up firmly and started to kiss her, Jaya jumped in between. Jaya's addition made it so very spicy that all the three were lost in their own respective world of fantasies. All that happened was some hot kissing with loads of saliva licking, mini battle of tongues and shortness of breath. The three of them ended up laughing as no one wanted the kissing to stop and their lungs forced them to stop for the much needed oxygen break. 

Jaya and Rekha both were squirming as they felt their crotch area being fondled by Amit at the same time. The idea that both of them were being felt at the same time had some uniqueness in the minds of the respective girls and it did trigger some heavy moaning. 

Amit: "Whores, a man cannot just dream of anything more than you two. You are the sexiest ones indeed."

Rekha was once again out of control hearing the word "whore". It felt as if something always took over her hearing the word, some kind of a whore spirit. Overtaken by her desire for an orgasm, she got aggressive. She stood in front of Amit, took his hand and guided to the place which craved attention. She felt his other hand on her body too. Some part of her was happy that he had left Jaya and was giving her all the attention. Amit quite easily, with Rekha's assistance, found his way to her clitoris. The lighter his rub was on her clitoris, the more she moaned and screamed out of pleasure. At one point, she had to bend and put her hands on his shoulders for support. 

Jaya could see that Rekha had reached a point of no return and decided to make her move. She slid her hand into Rekha's panties from the back side. Jaya slid her finger all the way to her anus. She gently let it lay there, for Jaya to get used to it. Amit stopped the movement of his fingers and Jaya took over. 

Amit: "Rekha, what is it you feel?"

Rekha felt cheap, felt whorish and felt in another realm - experiencing the pangs of sensation from the endless nerves of her anus which was being stimulated by Jaya. She was short on words. She took his hands and pleaded him to continue what he was doing. The reason for pleading him was also due to the fact that she was in no mood to answer any of his questions. Jaya placed a finger on her anus and moved it gently in circular motion. Rekha could not help but moan with every move Jaya and Amit's fingers made. 

Rekha's heart sunk as she felt Jaya's finger trying to intrude inside her anus. She tightened her anus to stop Jaya from doing so. What Rekha did not know was that she unknowingly increasing the intensity of her own orgasm. Jaya understood Rekha's apprehension. She did not insert her finger into Rekha's anus. She kept on moving her finger and feeling every bit of Rekha's anus. 

It took only a few minutes before Rekha got hit by one of the most intense orgasms of her life. Her legs felt like jelly bean as she experienced the first wave of orgasm. Her head felt dizzy and she was forced to sit on Amit's lap for support. Rekha was totally lost in sensations of the different kind. She bit her lips as she realized that it had been a while since she had cum and she was still sitting in his lap while her ass was being fondled by Jaya. 

Amit (whispered into her ears): "I think it is about time you lost your panties."

Shyness once again enveloped her as she felt Amit's fingers lowering her panties. 

Jaya: "I think Amit you should swap places with me. Wouldn't you like to lick her ass? After all, you have fantasized about it so much."

Rekha visibly chocked. Some part of her felt damn dirty, deep inside. She was like a robot in their hands, not that she felt bad about it. By the time she realized what was happening, she was sitting in the lap of Jaya. Rekha could not help but hug Jaya. She was feeling too shy and did not want Jaya to look at her when Amit licked her ass. Amit was sitting on the floor, worshiping the ass he had dreamt of so badly. He cherished the sight in front of him. He felt her toned, flawless ass for some time with his fingers, caressing her ass would be a better word. Rekha was glad that she had dropped her so called limits. 

Rekha was in different realm. Everything was exciting her. Amit's touch was as it is exciting, even being embraced by Jaya was exciting her. To add fuel to her fire, she felt Amit's kiss on her ass. The sensations were something she had not felt before. She hugged Jaya tighter. Jaya just laughed and put her hand on her back. She pulled up Rekha's t-shirt and unhooked her bra. Rekha moaned in response. Jaya made Rekha lean back so her t-shirt and bra could be removed. Amit was not only cherishing kissing her ass, his finger was gently feeling her over flowing cunt. One could safely say that the only smell in the room was sex smells. 

Jaya removed Rekha's t-shirt and bra. She removed her long t-shirt as well. She positioned Rekha's nipples on hers and hugged her with all her warmth. It was a sight which was too much for Amit to bear. He put out his taught tongue on to the quivering anus and let it rip havoc on Rekha. The warmth of Jaya's embrace and the out of world licking down below were making her feel so very hot. Amit's tongue delivered some expert flicks and licks to her ass. His fingers were gently massaging her clitoris and her over wet cunt. Seeing her state of over excitement, Amit understood she was quite close to another orgasm of the extraordinary kinds. 

Rekha felt so very submissive in the expert hands of Amit and Jaya. She simply surrendered herself to their handling and her own desires. Amit had moved his hand away from Rekha's cunt onto Jaya's cunt. After all, she too deserved attention. 

Rekha (whispered in Jaya's ears): "Please rub my clitoris. Please, please, please."

Jaya gave her trade mark naughty giggle and slid her fingers on to Rekha's clitoris. Rekha had never been so horribly excited before. Rekha never knew that her anus was going to give her pleasures of such kinds. She had touched her anus before but the way Amit handled her was making her experience nothing less than heaven. 

Jaya: "Amit, don't you dare make her cum before me."

Her words made one and all moan. His hands started to work furiously on Jaya and his tongue started to wreck havoc on her anus.

Jaya: "Rekha, kiss me to bliss darling."

Rekha reciprocated. Her own body was already on fire. They both cummed in each other's arms, with Amit's assistance obviously. They spent some time in each other's arms, Amit joined them. Jaya left Rekha and was now kissing Amit. 

Jaya: "Her ass tastes good on your mouth. I wonder how it will taste on your dick."

Rekha was shocked, literally shocked, to hear Jaya saying such words. They had a ring of cheapness to them and damn exciting at the same time. Amit was totally lost with Jaya, kissing each other. Rekha felt jealous and wanted some part to do with Amit. She unzipped his shorts and released his cock. It was glistening with a lot of precum. Precum was oozing like a small flow of stream kinds. Rekha made her trademark move and started to rub his overflowing precum on to his knob. Amit's whole body quivered as Rekha expertly went on. Jaya's kissing shifted from his lips to his dick. Rekha also wanted some part of the action and she too went down. Both of them started to clean his dick together. Amit oozed another mini stream of precum seeing them licking him together. 

Amit: "You both better give me full access to your respective ass and asshole."

Rekha and Jaya adjusted their positions so Amit could do what he wanted.

Jaya: "Ready for something bigger and harder Rekha?"

Rekha just nodded her head to convey her consent. 

Amit placed each of his hand on Rekha's and Jaya's ass and started to massage them. His fingers made way to their asshole as they were licking his dick and balls to ecstasy. Amit told Rekha to lick his balls so she would have to bend more and it would give him proper access to her asshole. Jaya was slowly working his dick. She knew it well that too much of stimulation would make him cum in seconds. 

Rekha was taken over by the musky smell of his balls. She kept on licking it. She could see Jaya teasing his dick at the same time. Her ass was on fire, besides her body. His fingers started to prod at the gateway of her asshole, slowly pushing it in. Rekha felt odd, a bit of pain as an inch of his finger was inside. Her muscles were not letting his fingers move much. He told her to relax by taking a few deep breaths and let go of her apprehension. She complied and within seconds she felt another inch of his finger invade her virgin ass. The way her ass muscles clamped his fingers was making her damn excited within. She felt something strange for the first time, she felt as if an orgasm was building up. It was something she had never experienced. Amit now started to slow move his finger in and out. Every movement was making her shriek in excitement. The effect of his fingering was being felt by his balls. She gave his balls a bit of her teeth but in a very teasing way. Jaya knew that Amit was beyond control now and she took his cock all the way into her mouth. Amit pushed his finger all the way into Rekha's ass as he released his warm seed in Jaya's mouth. He let his finger stay deep in her ass. It felt as if his finger had been baked in an oven. To add to Rekha's woes, Jaya got up and spat out his cum on to her asshole. 
