 What a night it had been. Between the previous night and then waking up in the middle of the night ... I was spent.

It definitely had been the best date of my life! 

When we all woke up, Tasha and I each kissed Stephanie and exchanged phone numbers, promising we'd do it again. Stephanie even wanted to try that night, but unfortunately, I already had plans, as did Tasha. We decided we'd try to get together again the following weekend.

Tasha and I walked out finally ... giving one last long kiss to remember us by. Since we had driven to the bar individually, we headed our own seperate ways.

Over the next couple of days, I couldn't stop grinning. Having had my fantasy come true ... life was just great. 

Unfortunately, the next Tuesday morning, I was laid off. All of a sudden I was down in the dumps. I called up Tasha and was in a pretty bad shape. I know she was worried, but I told her not to, I'd be fine.

I got home and had a couple of drinks and started putting my resume together. Tasha called again, and asked me to come to her place, she was going to make me dinner.

I drove over, buying a bottle of champagne along the way, as I remembered that she liked the stuff.

Tasha opened the door wearing a nice tight dress that showed off her body very well. We exchanged a hot kiss, and she said she had a surprise for me. She took the champagne bottle and asked me to open it. But she didn't want me to pour it yet.

She told me to close my eyes, and I did, and then felt a blindfold being placed over me. She pulled me along, and finally stopped and kissed me. I got the chance to run my hands over her body and was excited to not feel any bra or panties. She pushed me and I realized we were in her bedroom as I felt the bed under me. She continued to kiss me, moving her tongue around to my neck and then kissing my ears.

She pulled me up to remove my shirt and quickly dispatched of my pants as well. I was lying blindfolded in my boxers and a sexy woman had her tongue moving down my body. I had totally forgotten about losing my job. I felt her tongue find my nipple, as she began to lick and suck on it, and then moved further down my body. I could feel my cock getting hard, as she continued to get closer. She removed my boxers slowly ... leaving my dick standing up in the air.

I heard a whimper from Tasha as she saw me naked and all of a sudden felt a hot tongue licking me up and down. My dick jumped as she slowly took me into her mouth. It felt amazing, as her tongue licked around while her mouth fucked me. Suddenly she stopped and I felt a slight weight on the bed. She took off the blindfold and I was shocked to see Stephanie was the one who had been sucking my cock. I looked to the side and Tasha was sitting totally naked right next to me. I smiled and said, "Thank you," to Tasha. Stephanie then went back to my cock, and Tasha positioned herself on top of me.

With her wet and moist lips directly over my tongue, I couldn't wait to taste her. I ran my tongue over her pussy, finding her clit, and sucking on it, making it hard. In the meantime I could still feel Stephanie's mouth on my cock, and I knew I couldn't last much longer.

I wanted to cum, but I only wanted to cum inside Tasha. I wanted to thank her for the surprise she had given me. I slowly pulled out of Stephanie's mouth, and she whimpered again. I pulled Tasha on top of me and slowly moved my cock along her slit. I pushed and poked a bit, noticing how wet she was ... until I slid right inside her. The feeling of Tasha's wet pussy was incredible. She was so tight. Stephanie came over and sat on top of my face, so I could lick her wet pussy. As with any woman, she had her own scent, and just like Tasha's, it was intoxicating. I could feel my cock plunging deeper and deeper inside Tasha as my tongue was going deeper and deeper into Stephanie.

I heard both Tasha and Stephanie moaning, and I felt Stephanie's pussy clench as she came. I wanted to wait for Tasha, but I couldn't hold out anymore ... and I exploded inside her. Tasha's hot little pussy drained everything from my cock. She slid off me and laid down on the bed. Stephanie, realizing that Tasha hadn't cum yet, quickly moved her body in between Tasha's legs, and started licking her pussy. I realized that she was eating out Tasha and also sucking up my cum as it slowly fell out of Tasha. I could tell Stephanie was totally turned on licking up Tasha and my juices, and I could also tell she had found Tasha's spot, as Tasha started quivering. I quickly bent over and started kissing Tasha's breasts, sucking on her nipples. The mix of the two of us on her body made her jump as she finally had a monster orgasm.

The evening continued that way for a while ... and the loss of my job was forgotten thanks to an incredible girlfriend.