 When you are in costume you can always be someone your normally not.

*

I was invited by my boyfriend to go to an adult only costume party. I was a little leery at first because I am very shy around new people. It drives Kyle crazy at times because he will talk to anyone, that is why we are a good pair. He talks and I observe everyone around us.

Kyle and I are such an odd couple to begin with he is very health conscience and I definitely am not. He always dresses sharp, suits for work and on the weekend nice slacks or jeans and never a t-shirt. Myself I dress nice for work but as soon as I get home I put on comfy clothes and on the weekends, I tend to wear jeans, yoga pants, whatever is comfortable and I love t-shirts.

Kyle is about five feet nine inches tall, thin build with broad shoulders, dark brown hair and brown eyes. But he has a baby face that even when he gets older people will never guess his age correctly. Kyle, is 32 and looks like he is still in high school.

Me I am five feet eleven inches tall, chubby with hips that a man can grab onto, short auburn hair and brown eyes. I have many, many freckles which gives me the baby face also, people are usually off about my age also. I like being 32 and looking 22.

We sat down to discuss what type of costumes to wear for the party. "So, Christy is there anything special you want to go as?" Kyle asked me.

"I don't care just as long as we can do a couple's correlating costume." I replied.

We started looking on line and we decided on a twenties flapper and gangster. We ordered what we wanted, I found a gorgeous flapper dress in my size and an outfit for Kyle.

I decided that I was going to go all out with this, so I ordered a head piece, jewelry and a shawl for my arms. Then I keep thinking that I should surprise Kyle with some new lingerie. I ordered a black garter belt, black lace thong, black thigh highs, a lacy plunging bra and stiletto heels. I was going to look sexy for him.

Our orders came in so we made sure that the outfits fit, which they did. I did not show Kyle the lingerie. But I did put on all the accessories and it looked awesome. But I kept looking in the mirror and felt that something was missing.

The next day I was at work and it clicked, a wig! That is what I need, with that I could be someone completely different. When I got home I got on line and found a blonde bob wig that I really liked so I ordered it. Now my costume was complete.

When my wig came in I decided to try out with Kyle to see how he would like it. We had gone out to dinner on Friday night and when we got home we were relaxing. I went into the bedroom to put on a baby doll nightie and the wig. I came out into the living room and stood in front of the television to get Kyle's attention. Which I got immediately.

Kyle shut off the television and just looked at me with a very hungry smile. "My god Christy you look incredible!" He told me as he got off the couch to walk over to me. He ran his hand over the wig, "Wow!" was all he could say.

I smiled shyly and asked him, "So you think the wig will go well with my costume for tomorrow?"

"Oh, god yes!" was all he said before he leaned in to kiss me passionately. He then grabbed my hand and lead me into the bedroom.

He started getting undressed and I was helping him. I got down on my knees in front of him to unfasten his pants and pull them down along with his underwear. He was already hard. His cock bounced out at me once it was released from the clothes I have always loved Kyles cock. It is six inches long but it is so thick in girth that my fingers do not touch when I wrap my hand around it. He always keeps his pubic hair short and neat which I appreciate.

I grabbed ahold of his cock to stroke it up and down before I wrapped my lips around the head. I started bobbing up and down to get his cock nice and wet. After a few minutes, he lifted me up off the floor to kiss me, then he instructed me to lay on the bed.

He crawled up between my legs using his shoulders to keep my legs wide open. He moved the material of my G-string over to the side to start licking my quim. I was squirming because he was making me feel so damn good. He licked my clit then sucked on it and that made me cum.

Kyle then lifted himself up and pulled my panties off before he crawled on top of me. He was rubbing his cock along my slit against my clit. God, I love the way that feels and it makes me very wet.

He then took hold of his cock and guided it into my pussy. I lifted my hips to meet him with his agonizing slow thrusts. He was up on his knees holding my legs I was breathing hard and asked him, "Please Kyle go faster!"

He just smiled and told me, "Just enjoy it, sugar!" He started thrusting a little harder but still at the slow pace. He was looking at me then said, "You are fucking sexy as hell with that wig on!"

I opened my eyes to look at him and smiled. "I am glad you like it!" Was all the response I gave. I reached up to play with his nipples, his chest is hairless so I was able to pinch and rub his nipples with no interference.

Once I started doing this it made Kyle moan and start moving faster. I could feel him swell inside me so I knew he was going to cum soon.

So, I started talking to him, "Come on baby, fill my pussy up! I want to feel your cum dripping out of my pussy onto my asshole!"

After a couple, more minutes Kyle put my feet on his shoulders so he could reach down to rub my clit. His thrusts were so hard they were moving me up towards the headboard of the bed. We both had an orgasm at the same time. I screamed with mine and Kyle grunted loudly.

Kyle leaned forward to kiss me and said to me, "That was sexy as hell!"

I laughed and asked him, "Did you think I was someone else?"

He was looking down at me with a smile and replied, "Yes, for a minute. That's why is was so sexy! Knowing that my girl is with me but yet different." We both kissed again before he rolled off me.

We both got out of bed to go get cleaned up and I took the wig off. It wasn't that late but I was tired so I wound going to bed to read for a bit before crashing out.

I got up on Saturday excited for the party. Knowing Kyle's reaction to me wearing a wig I couldn't wait for him to see me all dolled up. I had an appointment at the salon for a waxing. I go very couple of months for a complete waxing called the Hollywood. I make sure Kyle has a clean slate to work with.

I also had them do a facial, manicure and pedicure I decided to spoil myself. When they did the facial, I asked if they would apply the make up since I am not that good at it, because I don't wear it very often. By the time I was done at the salon I felt beautiful.

I got home and relaxed for a few hours before I had to get dressed. Kyle was home also and I kept catching him looking at me with a sly smile on his face. Finally, I had to ask him, "What has you all cocky today?"

He walked over to where I was sitting and sat on the coffee table that was in front of me. Then he just kept looking at me and I sat there looking back at him before he finally spoke. "From what I see so far you look more beautiful than usual! I can't wait to see you all dressed up." He told me, then he asked me an off the wall question that surprised the hell out of me. "How would you feel if we meet another couple tonight and I watched you fuck him?"

"What!" I yelled not believing my ears. "You want me to have sex with a stranger so you can watch? What about her?" I asked him.

He smiled and replied, "I would love to see both of you working him over. Then I will join in."

"Kyle, I don't want anyone else." I told him. He then grabbed my hands and kissed the back of them before responding.

"Sugar, this is a fantasy of mine to watch you please another man. You make me feel so good I want to share you at least once." He told me as I was shaking my head.

I let out a deep sigh and replied, "I will only do it if we find a couple that we both agree on." Kyle smiled at me and agreed right away. He then leaned in and kissed me before he whispered in my ear "Thank you."

It was time to start getting ready for the party, I went into the bathroom so I could put on my sexy lingerie without Kyle seeing it, I still wanted it to be a surprise for later.

When I came out of the bathroom ready to go, Kyle wolf whistled at me. I smiled and posed for him he took a few pictures of me. I went over to him to rub the lapels on his jacket though he wears a suit every day to work I always find him extremely hot. We took a few selfies before we headed out for the party.

When we got to the hotel where the party was at, I just looked around at all the costumes people were wearing they were amazing. It seemed like every couple were dressed to correlate with one another. There were other flappers but it worked out that we all wore different colors.

Kyle asked what I wanted to drink, I told him a rum and coke, he gave me a quick kiss and went to the bar to get our drinks. While we were mingling with the other guests, I noticed that the costume and wig gave me more confidence to talk to strangers.

Kyle and I danced to a few songs, the DJ was playing some really good music. I noticed this one couple kept checking us out, they were dressed as a pilot and flight attendant from the 60's. We were at our table when they finally approached and asked if they could join us.

Kyle invited them to sit with us, as they were taking their seats we all introduced ourselves, their names were Jack and Lisa. He was tall, with salt and pepper hair and the bluest eyes I have ever seen. She was shorter than me, with long dark hair and green eye. They were a very striking couple. We all sat around the table and talked to each other, and waitress came by to take our drink order. After she delivered the drinks Jack asked if we would like to go up to their room for a nightcap?

Kyle and I looked at one another, his eyes were questioning me, he was letting me make the final decision. So, I agreed that we would go upstairs with them.

We finished our drinks then followed them to their room. Once we got to the room and took a seat Jack made us all another drink. Then he asked us some questions. "How long have you two been a couple?"

I replied, "For five years." Then I came back at him with the same question about them.

"We have been together for about ten years." He responded. Then he asked, "Have either of you ever swapped partners with another couple or Kyle do you share your girl?"

Kyle looked at me before he answered with a smirk, "This is our first time for both. I am the one who wants to share Christy. She is still a little nervous about all this." I was looking at him then turned to the other couple they both had smiles on their faces.

"You have nothing to worry about honey, we will take good care of you!" Lisa told me as she rested her hand on my knee. I smiled at her.

Lisa was rubbing my knee then asked me to go to sit on the bed. I did as she asked. She came over to me while the men still sat watching us. She leaned into me and kissed me deeply. I was a little startled because I have never kissed a girl before, but I started kissing her back. She reached behind me to unzip my dress.

She then stood me up and pulled the straps of my dress off and it fell to the floor. I was standing there in just my wig, lingerie and heels. All three of the other people in the other room whistled at me and all I heard was "Wow!"

Then I heard Jack say to Kyle, "Thank you!" I giggled I have never felt so sexy in my life. Lisa asked me to lay on the bed so I did. She took off her dress and she was gorgeous! I heard more whistles from the men. Lisa and I were smiling at each other as she crawled on the bed.

Lisa was hovering over me as she leaned in to kiss me again. This time I did not hesitate to kiss her back. She moved down my body to my breasts, she was squeezing them through my bra then all of a sudden, she pulled my bra cups down to expose my boobs. She then leaned in to suck on my nipples. I arched my back from the pleasure I was feeling.

She then kissed her way down my stomach to the top of my panties. She looked up at me and asked, "Can I taste you?" I just nodded my head at her. She moved down between my legs and pulled my panties to the side to get her first taste of me. I sucked in my breath from the new sensations I was feeling. It was amazing!

I closed my eyes to enjoy what she was doing to me, then I felt the bed shift by my head I looked over and Jack was naked with a huge hard on right next to me. I looked up at him before I licked my lips to suck on his cock. He was a little longer then Kyle, but not nearly as thick. I was sucking on him while Lisa was sucking on me.

At one point, I looked over at Kyle and he had gotten undressed also but he was sitting there watching with a huge erection. He was rubbing himself, when he made eye contact with me he had a huge smile on his face.

I felt the bed shift again down by my feet this time, I pulled off Jack's cock to look and it was Kyle he had decided it was time to join us. He lifted Lisa's ass in the air and moved her panties to the side and started licking her pussy. Her moaning was vibrating against my clit.

I started sucking on Jack again while he was pinching and squeezing my nipples. I could not hold back any longer and had a huge orgasm. I heard Lisa say, "Yes!" as she kept licking me. When she got me, all cleaned up she looked up at me with a smile and told me, "Christy you have the sweetest honey I have ever tasted." Jack then looked at her and said he wanted a taste so they started passionately kissing over top of me.

Lisa started moaning loudly so I knew she was having a great orgasm. I heard Kyle moaning while he was licking her clean. Jack was ready to fuck me, but I wanted to taste Lisa, so Jack had me get on my hands and knees while Lisa laid on her back in front of me with her head over the side of the bed and Kyle was standing at her head.

We all got positioned, Jack put on a condom and slowly slide into my pussy, I tasted my first pussy and Lisa was sucking Kyle's cock. It was amazing! Jack was thrusting into me a little harder which made me move into Lisa more which caused her to suck Kyle harder.

I could tell we were all on the verge of coming. Jack thrusted harder, Lisa juices were flowing and tasting amazing to me and Kyle was holding onto Lisa's head as he was fucking her face. I swear we all came at the exact same time.

Once Jack pulled out of me, I pulled off Lisa and Kyle moved out of her mouth. We all collapsed onto the bed breathing hard and trying to catch our breaths. I looked around at everyone to see the satisfaction on all of their faces.

Lisa looked at me with a smile and asked, "Well what did think of your first taste of pussy and fucking another man?"

I looked at her then smiled. "It was fucking amazing!" Was I could say to her. Everyone else on the bed started laughing. Kyle crawled up to me on the bed and said to me, "Thank you!"

I laughed as I hugged him and replied to him, "No thank you this was incredible!" We started kissing one another each tasting Lisa on our tongues.

Kyle looked over at Lisa then back at me and asked, "Do you mind if I fuck Lisa? I really need to some pussy and I would like to try hers." I smiled and nodded my head as I pushed him towards her.

Kyle moved over to Lisa and started sucking on her boobs while fingering her. He got her to cum with his fingers before he slid his cock into her pussy. Jack took off the condom he used with me and went over to Lisa and told to lick his cock clean.

I sat at the head of the bed watching all this and getting horny all over again so I spread my legs and started fingering myself. I could not believe how sexy and turned on I was to watch my boyfriend with someone else. I came quickly then everyone else was not too far behind me.

We all laid on the bed for a while getting our composure back before we got cleaned up and dressed. As we were getting ready to leave Jack asked if he could get Kyle's number to maybe set something up again with the four of us. Kyle agreed and gave him his number.

Kyle and I drove home and we were both quiet the whole way thinking about what just happened. When we got home we both were horny again. Kyle grabbed ahold of me and started kissing me deeply, I was returning his kisses.

I unzipped his pants in the living room and told him, "Take me now!" So, he bent me over the couch flipped up the back of my dress, moved my panties aside and shoved his cock in my pussy hard. I screamed and yelled at him, "Take me hard!" Which he did, we both came together sweating and breathing hard.

Kyle pulled out of me once his cock softened and helped me up. We headed to the bedroom to get ready for bed. We looked at each other with a smile and said "Thank you!" at the same time and laughed.

We both agreed that we will call Jack and Lisa again soon. Then we fell asleep with a smile on our faces completely exhausted and satisfied.