 The old Volvo rolled to a stop in front of the Victorian house. It had been carved up into three apartments and Sadie lived on the second floor. The light she had left on cast a warm glow in sharp contrast to the chill that she was beginning to feel after turning the car off. Even so, she continued to just sit staring straight ahead. Although looking at the house she was deep in thought going over the events of the night.

"Mike, well he is a good man. Trustful of Nicole and remarkable in his carnal abilities. "Going back in her mind she lightly admonished herself as if she needed to defend her enjoyment of his hard cock. "But what was it that made this evening so different? Was it the way Nichole set the stage or was it the dinner and the wine?" Glancing in the car mirror she laughed at the quizzical look that stared back. "Oh for God's sake, grow up. So you liked the cock almost as much as you liked the pussy. Did they seem to care? No, so why are you making such a big deal of it?"

Something about the evening had caught her off guard. She had gone to visit Nichole to read the erotic book that she had recently purchased. Already attracted to her she thought that if the chemistry was right then it might lead to an evening of fun. It had started out so well. When the reading and dinner led to a kiss she knew instantly that it would not stop there. While kissing Nicole, her husband (Mike), came home. This had been his fantasy as well, so after a short discussion, he followed us into the bedroom and watched as I seduced his wife. Kissing and sucking Nicole's sweet pussy and lightly pinching her firm breasts was fantastic." My body was so ready and she was so deliciously accepting that I didn't even realize that Mike was rubbing his rod up and down my clit. By the time he thrust himself into me I was licking Nicole's pussy and begging Mike to pound me harder. She relived each stroke and sighed. Taking the key out of the ignition and wrapping her coat tight against her body she ran to her house.

Without a look she draped her coat on the hall tree and headed for the kitchen to put on a kettle of water. Walking to the end of the hall she turned the glass antique door knob before stepping into the bathroom. This stylish black-and-white bath was designed perfectly. The claw-foot tub was surrounded by a crisp white shower curtain. A large area rug and stacks of towels added to the relaxed feeling she looked for when she needed a good soak. Stripping off her clothes she slid on her slippers and black robe that hung on the door. Tea and a bath was the order of the evening; hearing the kettle whistle she headed to the kitchen, filling a cup with hot water and a tea bag. This was going to be the perfect end to a perfect day.

Turning on the hot water and sitting on the side of the tub, she sipped her tea. Talking out loud it was though she thought vocalizing her thoughts would make them easier to understand. "What made this so different was that I could easily have enjoyed either one alone. Yes, what a switch from the usual. As I recall my last tryst with a married couple worked out well for them; but I really felt like a third wheel. Tonight was just what a threesome with a man and woman should be "

Taking her robe and slippers off she stepped into the hot water. Crouching down she eased herself in sighing right up to the moment the hot water touched her pussy.

"Yikes," she jumped up with a start. Concentrating on the evening it hadn't occurred to her that she might be a bit sore and want to slowly enter the water. She caught her breath as she once again slowly lowered herself into the water. "Ah, that's better." Leaving only her head exposed she relaxed her muscles and freed her mind of anything but the memories of the release that was given so artfully just hours before. She also realized that she wanted more.

Soaking in the hot water had soothed her aching pussy. She was enjoying the foamy liquid soap she was applying to her body. Raising her leg high in the air she gently rubbed the washcloth over her toes and down her well defined calf. Draping the washcloth over her thigh she pulled it toward her pussy. Ever so lightly it skimmed the lips of her labia and teased her clit. She repeated the process on the other leg and the sensation caused her to smile. It reminded her of when Mike lightly licked her pussy. Once again she drifted back to the intense fucking the three had given each other. The water was cooling and if she didn't get out she would need to pull the shower wand into the tub. It would not only warm up the water but also could be used on her tender pussy.

"What a slut your are," her voice soft and admonishing, "it isn't as though you haven't had any sex." Stepping out of the bath she finished her tea and walked halfway down the hall to her bedroom. So wonderfully exhausted she fell right to sleep never hearing the beep of her answering machine.

With a will of its own the dream came over her. Her body relaxed and her mind open it felt as though she was watching a movie. Looking around she realized that the hills that surrounded her were not new. Years before she had stood just about where she was standing now. Yes, back when she was younger and experiencing love and sex was new. Walking through tall grass she crested a hill and saw a camp below in a valley. A small cabin was surrounded by a cluster of tents with a fire-pit off to one side. Seeing people walking around she felt as those she might know them. Sweat trickling down her back she wiped her forehead. From some memory from long ago she knew that behind the camp was a small lake. Feeling free and light she ran toward the camp knowing that she would be welcome.

"Where have you been Sadie?" a short stout woman wearing only a bandana called out. "Felicia has been looking for you, she ask that you be told to go to the lake if you were seen. So much to do before tonight, next year you will be a part of the setup. Ah, I remember my first time, it was glorious." In that second she remembered this place; the people and the night of the Fall Solstice Celebration that she would be a part of.

Taking in the woman before her it all seemed normal. A naked woman with a yellow bandana holding a hammer in one hand. Her small stature seemed to magnify her stout countenance. Full breasts that bordered on pendulous heaved up and down the more excited she became. The dark pubic hair was not trimmed which only surprised her for an instant until her dream-mind accepted this as the fashion of the time. This was, after all, a woman's retreat. Celebrating the end of the growing season and the beginning of winter, this festival was a time of thanks and reflection. She recalled that the high priestess had been her lover and she had really wanted see if I wanted to join her group. Even though I was not a member of this woman's tribe I was going to make the best of this experience and wanted to join in the dancing and festivities. I was much younger then; my life uncluttered. It was at that moment that the realization that this night she would learn about passion and the many forms it could take.

"Robyn, I am so sorry. The weather is so beautiful and the hills so green I spent the morning exploring. But I am back now and will go help Felicia." Reaching for her I gave her a quick kiss and turned toward my tent. "Better shed my exploring outfit, no need for a clothes on the lake."

"Or anywhere else around here."

Robyn's eyes twinkled, "I better get back to work, I am putting the pyre together for the dance tonight. See you then." I watched her round ass bounced up and down as she trotted toward an open field where a load of wood was stacked. Logs had been put in a semi-circle around the stack of wood; not too close to burn, just a place you could watch the fire. It also came to her that the celebration was going to begin at midnight and she couldn't wait.

Sadie turned and ran toward the familiar tent. She knew the duffel bag in the corner held her belongings. The thin rope that she had hung to one side was where her bra and panties hung only slightly damp. She smiled remembering being picked up by her friends and thrown in the lake. It had been the price she paid for wearing clothes in the naked only zone.

It was at that moment she realized that Robyn was a young and fresh version of her current self. If she was indeed reliving her past then she would be her younger self as well. Stripping off the light blue skirt she ran her hands over her body. It was true, the dream had transported her back to a place of pleasure, sweetness and seduction. This was as natural and beautiful as watching a sunrise after a sleepless night of unbridled passion; she was euphoric.

Exploring her body she ran her hands down her stomach; she knew this body. It was youthful and soft; this was a body when firm breasts and body was take for granted. Tall and lean her taunt flat stomach gave way to rounded pelvic bones. Although her pubic bush was trimmed she could still run her fingers through the full curls that hid her pussy. Lying down on her sleeping bag she once again fingered her muff, this time opening her pussy lips. A moan escaped as she found her clit and gently rubbed in a circular motion. Taking her other hand she followed the outline of her stomach up to her breast and caressed them, rubbing the nipples softly. With her eyes closed she was unaware that Felecia was watching at the tent opening. It wasn't until her legs were touched did she regain focus and realize her lover was sitting on her knees in front of her smiling.

"Well no wonder you weren't available to help me at the lake. Does my princess have needs?"

Her cheeks flushed with color, "No, I was taking a walk and just got back." Trying to act as nonchalant as possible she brought her legs up to her chin not realizing that at this angle Felicia had an unobstructed view of her sweet womanhood.

"Oh you are so beautiful, roll over on your stomach and let me give you a massage. You need to be well rested for the festivities tonight. "Felicia's tone was loving and Sadie sighed as she rolled over. "It isn't like I am a sex fiend, I just wanted to..." the words seemed fade away as Felicia's hands began to rub the tension out of her shoulders.

"You do not need to explain yourself to me. I know that you are an amazing passionate woman; just close your eyes and relax."

Doing as Felicia asked Sadie felt her friend's hand tenderly work their magic on her feet. Taking each toe she applied just enough pressure to release the stress that had been building. After her toes and bottom of her feet had been thoroughly massaged her leg was raised and toes skillfully sucked.

"What are you doing?" the sensation was both wonderfully erotic and intense; it was hard for Sadie to sit still.

"Relax, and let your body enjoy this," once again that soothing voice helped her let go.

The healing hands continued to work their magic. She was swept away in feelings that were unknown to her. In this world of astounding pleasure, she felt natural and aroused. The hands that roamed over her were meticulous in their skill with experience that excited and delighted her body in every way possible. It was both an inviting and stimulating experience.

Letting her body go she found herself slowly grinding on the sleeping bag. Pushing into her pelvis, the pressure pushed her clitty into the bag folds and the building arousal only served to heighten her needs. It was as though she felt her body for the first time. Hands kneading and rubbing along with the seemingly autonomous gyrations of her body, she had gone to a place of delight and sex. It was an unworldly feeling so light and sensual; it was only when Felicia slowly rubbed the crack of her ass that her mind found some clarity. Spreading her cheeks she slid the side of her hand down and moved toward her anus. The oil and the gentle pulling motions made her arch her bottom up for her to rub. No words were being spoken, in this time and place no explanation was needed. This was what she had always believe love to feel like.

She let out a quiet moan as a finger was inserted into her ass. Ever so gently it moved in and out. At the same time Felicia's other hand cupped her wet pussy before dragging her fingers from her opening to her swollen clitty rubbing with increasing pressure. A finger was moving in her ass, fingers of her other hand massaging her clit and alternately sliding in and out of her pussy. Her passion crested and she bucked and shuddered as her orgasm took over. "Oh, stop you must stop, I can't take any more," She arched and pulled away.

Felicia only smiled and rolled her over onto her back. "Do you trust me?" her voice purring.

"Yes, of course I do. I love you."

"Then just lie still, put your hands over your head and keep them there." The voice was firm yet caring and Sadie did what she had been instructed to do.

Felicia mounted her and when their lips met it was more desperate than tender. Nipping her top lip Sadie pulled away looking a bit perplexed. "I said be still." Kissing her lightly on her neck she reached up and pulled on her earlobe. "That's right just relax, you will like what comes next."

With her legs being pushed apart she felt her partner's leg start to rub over her pussy. Her pussy began to once again throb. With her clit firmly against Felicia's thigh she began to move up and down and kiss as she had never kissed before. Tongues touching and exploring she brought down her hands and pulled Felicia in harder grabbing her hair. Passion being so strong she wanted to consume all that was being offered. Aggressively she rode the leg and the more she moved the wetter she became. Throwing her head back once again Felicia kissed her neck.

Breaking her grip Felicia went down burying her head in the curly brown muff. Using her tongue she pushed into the valley between her legs. Spreading her pussy lips Felicia fully tongued her pink opening sending Sadie into fits of pleasure. Finding her clit she lightly ran her tongue around the nub knowing that this would build into an orgasm that Sadie had never experienced. Feeling her need grow she moved her body around so that Sadie could satisfy her in the same way.

Grabbing Felicia's hips she pulled her toward her. Rubbing her mouth over the pussy that had been offered was intoxicating. Between the magic and the excitement of her first sixty-nine she didn't know how long she could last. Both of the lovers moaned and moved with the urgency of the new-found lust.

Sadie reached the mountain top before Felicia; arching and pulling away. Sliding out from under her she moved between Felicia's legs and continued to eat the pink pussy. Feeling Felicia's hand uncontrollably working her hair she arched pushing ever harder into the mouth that was so wonderfully bringing her to climax. When she felt Sadie's two fingers slide into her vagina and curl inwards ever so slightly she knew that she would not be able to continue much longer. Sensually positioned fingers rapidly slid in and out of her. Feeling the climax grabbing her fingers as Felicia lurched her heart was filled with a passion she had only guessed existed. Exhausted and panting the two women rested and then walked to the lake where they swam kissed and held one another.

Sadie's eyes flew open and it took a few seconds to for her to realize that it had all been a dream. It was so lifelike; she closed her eyes again hoping to be transported back to the celebration that so changed her life. It was not to be. She pulled back her quilt and began a new day.

Chapter 6

Braiding her long black hair was the last part of her morning ritual. She had awakened refreshed and ready to go work; she would be opening the bookstore. A quick stop at the coffee shop, then a full day of deliveries and stocking. Picking up her keys she headed for the door. As she turned the door knob she stopped short listening to the beep of the answering machine. Normally she would have continued out the door knowing that her friends would just call the bookstore; but, this might be Nicole. Pushing the replay button she listened.

"Hi Sadie, this is Mike," her heart skipped a beat as the message continued. "First I wanted to say this evening has been the most exciting evening I have ever known. You are an amazing woman and I can't wait to see you again. I was wondering if you and I could meet privately. I told Nicole that I would be working late; so I am hoping that we can meet about 7 at the bar in Caldera's Brewery. It isn't a place that Nicole would visit so we can talk. If I don't hear from you I will consider it a date."

"And I thought Mike was going to be different!" Her angry tone matched the scowl on her face. "Well he must have thought very highly of himself given it was his wife that I was there to see. To think that I thought this could be something new and special; and now he wants to meet in secret. What a dick!" Her heart was racing and just as she turned to storm out of the door the second message started.

"Nicole here, I am calling to thank you for today. I am hoping that you will be back here on Thursday for our book club. Talking with Mike, he understands that the club only has two members. If you are agreeable he will be joining us for dinner and dessert; not our time spent reading. I will be at the coffee house around eleven; if you have time for a break I would love to talk with you."

Standing frozen in place Sadie didn't know what to think. She would indeed find time to talk with Nicole and the dickhead, Mike, as well. But at this moment all she could think of was their first kiss and how Nicole had given herself so completely. If support was needed, it was Nicole who would receive it. If it turned out that Mike was willing to cheat on her she was going to need to be held tightly.

From the minute the open sign was flipped toward the street the store had a steady stream of customers. It wasn't until the clock behind the counter struck eleven did she even realize it was time to meet Nicole. Grabbing her jacket she handed off the register keys to her co-worker, Liz, and was out the door. The coffee shop was directly across the street from the Nook. Aroma of newly baked cinnamon rolls filled the street. Realizing she had not eaten breakfast she was going to have a roll and coffee. Slipping past the browsing customers looking at the baked goods behind the glass-front counter she spied Nicole sitting in her favorite corner. The owner, Susie, was behind the counter so she waved and mouthed to bring her a coffee and roll, then turned and walked to her new lover and friend.

Nicole's smile told her all that she needed to know. Waving she pulled out the chair that was next to her and patted the seat.

"Sadie, I saved this for you," her curly hair still flowing free she began to stand as Sadie made her way through the crowd.

"Good thing you did; it is really crowded today." Sadie bent just as Nicole finished rising and instead of a friendly peck on the cheek their lips brushed. They both looked startled and then chuckled.

"How are you this morning?" Nicole offered a sly smile.

"Well actually I woke up thinking about you. I already miss that swollen pussy and my fingers want to feel what you are hiding under your skirt. How are you doing?"

Nicole was stunned, she looked at the woman before her talking in a tone that a passing customer would take as casual conversation she said, "oh you are a bitch aren't you? But I wouldn't mind you sitting close and finding out."

Sadie moved the chair close to Nichole, looking around and not seeing anyone watching she slid her hand under the tablecloth and up her skirt. Boldly and in one motion she pulled her panties aside and let the elastic of the leg hold her hand steady in the valley between her legs. Not moving her fingers up or around she felt Nichole's warmth. Pulling her fingers back out she glanced around as she sucked the wetness off.
