 Fantasy Fest is in Key West the last week of October every year since the mid 70's. It is a week long celebration of fun, nudity, imagination, costumes, music, food and themed parties, culminating on Saturday evening with the Captain Morgan Parade. The party grows all week until the final Friday and Saturday when it doubles with people flowing in from Miami for the day or weekend. Where Madri Gras in New Orleans has become very young, the Fantasy Fest has had a yearly theme and diversity of age, with both lookers and participators. Duval Street is the center of the Fantasy Fest Universe and by mid-week gets closed to traffic. People go bar hopping many taking their refreshment with them and walk Duval. It grows in intensity as the day and week goes by and reaches full intensity in the evening. Many people just walk Duval or sit in the many sidewalk bars and restaurants people watching and taking pictures. 

Body Painting is an art and the best artists come from all over to work Key West the week of Fantasy Fest. We have gone several years and I love to get body painted. I have huge hanging breasts, 40G and love to show them off. My favorite is a painted bikini top or intricate painted lace see thru top. I wear a short leather skirt, or a sexy dress with the top down and the whole back open to expose my ass and show I'm not wearing panties.

My husband takes lots of pictures of me walking Duval, talking and posing with lots of people in costume. In a lot of pictures everyone can see how big my hanging tits really are next to all these other beautiful tits. I'm a real exhibitionist and love showing off. There are four guys that come every year dressed as Hooter Girls with long hanging fake tits. I fool around and pose with them. They can't believe that my tits are longer than their fake tits and hang lower. One other thing, I have huge nipples and they are at the bottom of my hanging tits, pointing down and in at my cunt. Many guys have posed with me and held my tits up or put their hands on my ass or felt my pussy.

At last years Fantasy Fest on Saturday my husband was busy downloading pictures on the computer and uploading them on a couple of websites. I had an appointment to get body painted and walked down to the shop from the Pier House by myself. I had a beautiful black lace see thru top painted on and was wearing an open back black dress bottom. The artist did a great job as usual and when I was done I walked back to our hotel in Mallory Square. When I got on the elevator to go up there were four guys already on the elevator. Their eyes popped when they saw my huge tits and bare ass. They said, "Wow you look great". They couldn't believe it was a paint job. They told me this was their first Fantasy Fest and they came from the mid-west. They were very nice and good looking and I was getting wet. I told them I was very thirsty and was going to stop in the little inside bar at the hotel for a drink and asked if they wanted to join me. The bar was small and empty except for the bartender. We sat and talked and they bought me a couple of drinks. I was drinking Honey Bourbon and by the third one I was feeling really good. They knew I had no panties on and my dress was so short that they caught a glimpse of my shaved pussy.

They asked me if they could take a picture of me with them and I said sure. The only problem was the camera was back in their room. I said OK and walked back to their room with them. They actually had two rooms overlooking the pool. They took a couple of pictures of me and then took turns posing with me. They propped the camera up on a table; put it on auto-timer and all got in the picture. In one picture two of them were lifting my heavy tit. Then one of them started sucking my nipple. It got even bigger and I started moaning. Now I was really wet. Their hands started rubbing my ass and one of them put his finger in my cunt. I swayed with the music and lost all inhibitions. One was behind me rubbing himself against my almost bare ass. One was in front kissing me and I could feel hands rubbing me all over.

I reached down and started rubbing cock through the pants of the guy in front of me. He got really hard. I slowly unzipped him and took out his hard cock. I slowly rubbed it and then got on my knees and put him in my mouth. He had only gone in and out of my mouth several times when he started cumming. I drank his cum and rubbed some all over my face. Now all the guys were taking out their cocks. They all wanted the slut to suck them off. They all unloaded their jism down my throat. One guy had three fingers up my cunt from behind. I begged him to use me like a whore slut. My cunt was really big open and wet. I could feel the head of his prick sliding its way inside me. He had a good size cock and I could feel him ram it all the way up inside me. I pushed back against it and fucked it as I could feel his balls slamming up against me. The guy fucking my mouth held the back of my head and shoved it all the way in. They both came at the same time, exploding in my mouth and cunt. I was bent over doggy style and they took turns gangbanging me. Fucking me one after the other. I don't know how many times they came but I came several and I was a cum filled dripping mess. They rubbed their pricks on my face and lips and made me taste my cunt.

One guy started playing with my asshole. His finger slowly pushed its way in and I moaned. He asked me if I liked it. I told him I loved it and I was an ass pig. He asked if I wanted him to fuck my ass and I told him I wanted all of them to fuck my ass. They took turns putting cock in my ass and took pictures. They all wanted to dump in my asshole. Cum was running down my leg. One of the guys that just pulled out of my asshole put his cock in my face and asked if I wanted to taste it. I told him yes, I love it. I'm an ass to mouth whore. They couldn't believe it and all put it in my mouth when they came out of my ass. I licked them and cleaned them and a couple came in my mouth again.

When they all had their fill and couldn't cum anymore we just laid there. My tits, face, ass and stomach was covered with cum. My cunt and ass were huge used gaping holes. My paint job was a smeared mess. I gave them my cell phone number and took theirs. I told them if they came back to Fantasy Fest next year to let me know and we'll hook up. Bring some more friends if you like, I love gangbangs.

I left their room and walked back to the elevator and went to my room. My husband was done with the pictures and I told him look on my cell phone I have some more pictures. I told him all about what happened and he was really hard. He loves it when my cunt and ass are used and really big. He sucked out my cunt and made me orgasm in his mouth as I told him how I was used. Then he stuck his cock in my swollen pussy and fucked me hard while telling me what I a pig I am. I love being humiliated and being a used whore. His property and his used whore.

See you again next year at Fantasy Fest!