 The football is real; the fantasy ought to be.

The description of the football game in this story is based on the details as they actually happened in the season opener. I wrote the beginning of the story (chapter one) and created the "fantasy football" rules (chapter two) before the game began, then let the two teams on the field create the story. When the game started, I didn't know which teams would win and lose. Like the characters, I submitted myself to the mercy of what happened on the field. Like other forms of fantasy football, it changed the way I watched and enjoyed the game. I hope you enjoy it too. Who knows, it might catch on and change fantasy football as we know it. 

................................................................

CHAPTER ONE - Pre-Season

"Damn it!" Suzy said, slamming her papers on the table. Tension and frustration peaked as the conference room clock ticked toward 5:00 pm. 

Nobody wanted to be in the room, let alone in the city. The fitness company's vice president for sales called regional representatives from Pittsburgh and Denver to the company's Atlanta headquarters to hammer out new sales boundaries. Rather than getting in the middle of the highly pressured territorialism, he put them in the room together to negotiate a solution. His assignment was clear: No one leaves Atlanta until the new boundaries are agreed upon and signed off by both teams. He scheduled the meeting for a Friday, assuming they would be motivated toward a quick decision and return to their respective cities for the weekend. He underestimated the competitive resolve due to the millions of dollars in sales at stake.

No one anticipated the added gender dynamic that would further complicate the negotiations. The Pittsburgh team was made of up three women, the Denver team of five men. Beyond the territorialism, an unspoken battle of the sexes added to the stalemate in negotiations. The size and gender of the Denver team were no advantage to the resolve of the Pittsburgh's representatives. If anything, the women were more determined to win because the all-male team outnumbered them. 

Everyone recognized Pittsburgh's team leader, Ally, as probably the strongest person in the room. She was a statuesque 32-year-old 5'9" brunette with olive skin, translucent blue eyes and a smile that could sell water to a fish. Consistent with the corporate culture for all middle managers, Ally was fit. She had full 34D tits and long tan legs. She knew how to display her body in a business suit that would command professional respect and physical attention. This often meant a sheer blouse, a professionally short skirt that showed off her long tan legs, leading to at least one and a half inch matching heels. She knew what she had and she knew how to use it. Today was no different. 

The second member of their team was a young 26-year-old African American named Jennifer. Jen drew admiration from men and women with her robust 36DD breasts above her tall slender 5'7" dark-skinned fit frame. She usually preferred to wear bright tight dresses to accentuate her beauty. Jen has always been athletic. Despite the many recruiting attempts for her to join cheerleading squads in high school and college, she had no patience for sideline spectating with pom poms when you could make a difference competing on the field. 

Suzy rounded out the team as a 5'4" 29 year-old blonde with fair skin, perky round tits and a tight ass. Suzy was as passionate about everything in life as she was beautiful. All three women were single, successful and confident. They were used to getting what they wanted. Together they were a force to be reckoned with.

The men from Denver looked more like a delegation from the United Nations, or even more, like an international team of athletes. Brock, the self-delegated team leader, was a muscular 6'5", with dark brown hair who looked to be no stranger to the football field, basketball court or weight room. Cliff was a 6'2" African American, clearly fit in ways that looked to rival Usain Bolt. Lou was the always stylish, handsome, 5'10" Italian, self-confident in any setting. Steve was the blonde hazel-eyed 6' member of the team who regularly held the Mid-west regional monthly sales records. Rudy was tall, rugged and stunning, coming from a tall Caucasian father and a proud, gorgeous Indian mother. All five men were within two years of 30, one direction or the other.

"I have a life outside of all this bullshit," Suzy said, letting her emotions get the best of her. "This was supposed to be settled yesterday. We've been at it for two days. It's Saturday night, we're stuck here for the weekend, and no closer to a solution."

In truth, each team had made small compromises in their negotiations, but neither team was close to agreeing to the other side's proposal. With the company's Southern roots, there would be no one in the office on Sunday. Negotiations would resume Monday morning.

Shuffled papers began moving from the conference table into briefcases as everyone in the room stood, without any plans for the next 36 hours, trapped in a humid early-September weekend in Atlanta.

"Want to join us for drinks?" Brock offered as a gesture of collegiality.

"We've had to spend the last two days stuck in here with you," Suzy fired back in her feisty frustration. "Why in the hell would we choose to..."

"Wait," Ally offered, interrupting as she put her hand up toward Suzy. "Maybe that's just what we all need."

Suzy swung her head around toward Ally in shock with a look that asked, "What are you thinking?" Ally returned the look with a confident smile that Suzy had learned to trust in other competitive settings. She could tell Ally had an idea, that Ally had a plan. 

"I could use a drink. I suspect we all could," Ally added calmly. "Don't you?" she asked, looking at her teammates more than the men across the table. 

Suzy and Jen conceded. What did they have to lose? The men across the table were the only other people any of them knew in Atlanta. Whether they were with the men or not, they were ready for a drink. Who knows? They might actually be chivalrous enough to buy. "Why not," Jen nodded. 

"Great," Brock said genuinely. "Let's drop our things off at the suites and meet outside in 15." The company had luxury executive suites less than a mile from its corporate headquarters to house visiting employees and guests. "I saw a sport's bar down the street that looks good."

Within 20 minutes the eight were assembled again around another table, but this time surrounded by large televisions broadcasting college football games. The room was packed with men shouting at the action on the screens and women wearing as little as possible to invite a different kind of action when the games were over. 

"This might not be such a bad weekend after all," Rudy said admiring the eye candy.

Appetizers and five rounds of martinis were consumed in the first hour. Conversation loosened and began to flow as easily as the drinks, mostly about fantasy football picks and strategy. 

"I'm missing a huge Steeler football party for their season-opener tomorrow," Suzy lamented, "by being stuck down here with you yahoos." She slapped Steve on the arm flirtatiously. 

"They're playing the Broncos," Rudy realized out loud. "It's the big game on tomorrow's SNF."

"And the Broncos are going to get crushed," Jen spurted out impulsively. "Especially after last year's fluke, the revenge is going to be sweet."

The smack talk and competitive banter increased with the number of drinks. By the second hour all eight were feeling the benefits of the alcohol. 

"Our Steeler parties play a different kind of fantasy football," Ally said in a direct and seductive tone. Her index finger circled the top of her martini glass. Suzy and Jen knew about Ally's fantasy football parties. The emphasis was always on "fantasy." Jen had heard many stories. Suzy experienced one last season with the Steeler's 14 to 3 win over the Browns. The stakes of this kind of fantasy football made that win unforgettable. She had heard that fantasy football changes the way you watch a game. Until that night, she never knew how much.

"Why are you bringing that up?" Jen asked Ally nervously.

Ally smiled. "Look around," Ally invited. "Think about the possibilities."

"You're drunk," Jen cautioned. "I've never..."

"What could be more perfect?" Ally asked back. "Our Steelers are playing their Broncos. They don't have a chance. Talk about meat handed to us on a platter."

"This could be a repeat of last year's Brown's game," Suzy mused out loud, allowing the alcohol to inspire her imagination.

Jen looked admiringly at the men around the table. She was beginning to see them differently than she had the last two days.

"So, what's this fantasy football you're talking about?" Cliff asked, picking up on the sexual tone of the conversation and looks.

"It's football for real men and real women," Ally answered continuing her confident seductive tone. "Shall I say, 'consenting' men and women?"

The men's smiles grew with their curiosity.

"I was born and raised in Pittsburgh. No matter who you are or what you do, it's a hard-working, blue-collar steel town. We work hard. We play hard. And we have no hesitation to take everything we earn and win." Ally let her words set the tone.

"Tomorrow evening, the three of us ladies are going to start our pregame party in my suite at 5:00 pm," she announced. 

"We are?" Jen asked.

"We are," Suzy agreed, eager to hear what Ally was going to say next.

"Fantasy football, real fantasy football starts with the 8:15 kickoff for anyone who is man enough to join us." Ally's words were more of a challenge than an invitation.

Curiosity, seduction and alcohol made the invitation impossible for the men to refuse.

"Oh my god," Jen blurted in an inebriated confusion of panic and excitement.

"We're in," the men said unanimously.

"You bring a keg of beer," Ally instructed. "We'll bring the snacks, and the fantasy will bring itself. See you boys at 5:00."

Ally took Suzy and Jen's hands. "Let's go ladies. Our work here is done." 

CHAPTER TWO -- Pregame Warm-Ups

Game day events started on schedule with a 5:00 knock at the door of Ally's suite. Suzy and Jen looked at each other nervously. "Game on," Suzy said excitedly as she opened the door to welcome their guests.

The men walked in all wearing matching Broncos t-shirts they picked up at a local sporting store for the occasion, and shorts. The women dressed strategically. Ally wore her Roethlisberger jersey tied tight with a knot in the front, and a short jean skirt. Jen showed off her ample tits wearing a tight yellow tank top with the Steeler logo in the center, accented with black athletic shorts. Suzy wore her favorite cropped Ward jersey, without a bra, baring her midriff and allowing the bottom of her tits to tease whenever she jumped up and down during the game to cheer on her team. She put on a pair of tight jeans, thinking the long pants might compensate for the short top. 

In the two and a half hours of pregame television, the beer flowed. Sexual banter and anticipation grew, as the eight played cards, threw darts and argued football, waiting for the game to start. Analysts announced it likely to be the most watched regular season game in history. The stakes were high, in ways the men in the room did not yet fully understand. The suspense in the room was palpable. 

Fifteen minutes before game time, Ally invited everyone to refill their glasses and to gather in the living room for pregame instructions. With full glasses, the eight stood nervously in a loose circle around the room. 

"Glad you are all here," Ally began genuinely. "I believe this may be a historic night of football. There are two teams, each rooting for their football team -- ultimate fans putting it all on the line in our version of fantasy football. Once the whistle blows for the kickoff, there is no backing out. You're committed and at the mercy of what happens on the field."

A surge of panic suddenly shot through Jen's body. Beads of sweat formed on her forehead and chest as she looked around the room, surrounded by five inebriated sexually baited athletes. "Ally, are you sure this is a good idea?" she whispered into her ear. "We barely know these guys."

"We're in," Brock said with a cocky confidence. "But it looks like Jen isn't so steely." 

Ally whispered back. "We've got this Jen. If we have to be stuck in this town for the opening game of the season, I'm going to make the most of it. Look at these guys. They're gorgeous. By the end of the game, we're going to own them." 

Jen looked around the room again, nervously admiring the potential trophies with lust-filled appreciation. 

Suzy joined the huddle. "What are you two talking about?"

"Jen's getting cold feet, or maybe a cold pussy" Ally answered.

"I don't know Suzy," Jen added nervously. "I mean, we don't know..."

Suzy interrupted, without a whisper. "What's to know Jen? Roethlisberger and the Steelers are about to hand us the ultimate tailgate party to kick off the season. We've got this."

"The only thing to know," Ally offered confidently, "is which fantasy do you want these boy-toys to satisfy first." Ally tucked her thumbs into the front of her shorts, like a cowpoke next to a corral. "Once the Steelers break these Broncos in, I'm goin' for a ride." 

"OK, let's do this," Jen said with nervous confidence as she finished the beer in her hand. "I'm in." The huddle broke with a clap.

"You ladies up for this?" Cliff asked playfully. 

"We got this," Jen repeated back from her colleague's pep talk. "Steeler Nation is in the house and going to dominate." Ally and Suzy smiled at her smack talk.

"As I said," Ally continued, "once the whistle blows for the kickoff, you are committed. No backing out. Everyone is at the mercy of what happens on the field."

"Sounds good so far," Cliff encouraged.

"It works best when the two teams are the same size, but we don't have that luxury," Ally continued. The three of us Steeler ladies will be competing against you five Broncos men. Being out numbered means our wins will be bigger, but so will our losses. You'll see what I mean when I explain the points." Ally paused to let her words sink in. "We're not worried. With this revenge match, we're looking for wins that grow bigger, longer and wider."

The ladies laughed at the double-entendre. Ally's suggestive tone broadcast her bold sexual confidence. Like Pavlov's dogs, the men felt their groins respond to her agenda.

"The game starts with everyone clothed, without shoes," she explained. When your football team scores a touchdown, the members of your team get to remove one article of clothing from each member of the other team. Pretty simple. No one removes his or her own clothing. Each item and the manner it is removed are purely at the discretion of the other team. There are only two rules about this: the item of clothing must be removed before the game resumes play after a score. The second rule is that nothing still covered with clothing can be touched or fondled. Anything bared and exposed is fair game, until the game resumes. It's the only time we like long commercials during a football game." Ally paused again to let the details settle in for the rookies. The men immediately looked around the room at the three women in gold and black, silently strategizing what they wanted to remove first from their gorgeous bodies.

"Extra points matter too," Ally continued. "In the first half, each extra point scored (either from a kick or two point conversion) can be used to get an item of your own clothing back or remove another item from the other team. It's your choice how you use each extra point. That's only for the first half. Things intensify in the second half. In the third and fourth quarters, extra points can only be used to remove clothing from your opponents. Choose wisely. Two point conversions are rare, but can be game changers." 

"So, in the second half, every touchdown with an extra point means the other team loses two pieces of clothing, but a two-point conversion means each person on the other team gives up three?" Brock asked to clarify.

"You are quicker than you look," Ally answered playfully. Field goals work the same way. For every field goal, one item of clothing is removed from each member of the other team. Nothing slows stripping the other team of their clothes like a football team's inability to make third-down conversions in the red zone," Ally added with a smile.

"The last scoring option is a safety. Again, every score costs a piece of clothing. If your team is careless enough to give up a safety, you're going to pay by giving up a piece of clothing. Any questions?"

The sexual energy in the room grew at Ally's no-nonsense description of her version of fantasy football. The men tried to hide their excitement for what a high scoring game might mean with these beautiful women at the mercy of the Bronco's new hall of fame offense. "So, what happens when one of our teams is out of clothing, and the other team scores?

"That's where things get real interesting," Suzy said with excitement. "Points become minutes!"

"What does that mean?" Steve asked.

"Again, keeping it very simple," Ally continued as if teaching a seminar. "If your football team scores, and there is no more clothing to remove from your opponents, then its time for them to give something else up," she said with her sly smile. "To be honest, I did not invite you here to take your clothes off gentlemen. When the offensive line of your clothing is gone, I am here to sack you like a quarterback without a left tackle."

The men smiled nervously at Ally's sexual determination. They knew she was game-day serious, and her female teammates were embolden by her confidence.

"To answer your question," Ally continued, "points become minutes. When you are caught naked, and when my Steelers score, then the number of points scored become the number of minutes we do anything we want (and you do anything we ask) without hesitation or resistance. The only restriction -- let's say penalty - is there is no penetration allowed during the game. Something has to be saved as the game-winning trophy at the end of the contest. Anything else goes. Any questions?"

Cliff answered, "I like the sound of this. So, after all the clothes are gone, action might be as brief as an extra point becoming one minute of fun and as glorious as a touchdown with a two-point conversion for a full eight minutes of no-holds-barred celebration in your end zone."

"I think he's got it, don't you girls?" Ally answered looking over to Suzy and Jen.

"He will," Suzy answered.

"Here's the thing," Ally said. "There are three of us and five of you. If we win, we win big. Every one of you will be required to give up the number of minutes scored to anything we want. You might have one of us on you, or you might have all three of us at the same time. Three hot women have the luxury of enjoying the bounty of five men at their disposal. If we lose though, we lose big. Do the math. Five of you and three of us means there will almost always be at least two of you having your way with each of us at the same time with every score. We are counting on our Steeler defense."

"I'm counting on our new Bronco's offense," Steve answered hungrily.

"How does the fantasy football game end?" Cliff asked.

"With the final score," Ally answered sarcastically. "The only thing that ultimately matters is the win. It can be an ugly win, it can be a close win, but the team that wins walks away with the prize."

"What's the prize?" Brock asked.

"You have to ask?" Suzy said.

"Winner take all," Ally answered frankly. "Just like football on the field, one team enjoys the win; the other team takes the loss. The game is only worth playing if the stakes are high, don't you think?"
