 *All characters are above 18 unless otherwise noted.* 

*********

I stood in front of the mirror, surveying my outfit for the night. 

Butterflies ran rampant in my stomach. I never did this sort of thing. 

My husband was away on a 2-day business trip. I didn't get out of the house too much without him, but my best friend Josephine had convinced me to try out a new club in town. 

I had been married to Darrell, my caring husband, for 19 years. We were high school sweethearts and loved each other from the moment we met. But our marriage had grown a little stale ever since we found out he was infertile. My strict Catholic upbringing prevented me from separating (keeping up appearances, and such) and honestly I didn't really want to anyway. Darrell was very nice and a good guy, but just a little plain. So moments like tonight where I got to let my hair down and have fun were few and far between.

In all honesty, I hadn't been extremely receptive to Josephine's plan. When I hung out with fellow wives, it was usually either for upscale bruncheons or drinks at nice bars. Never clubbing.

Josephine was much more adventurous than me. She was always up for trying new things or "living life to the fullest" as she framed it. I was much safer in my comfort zone, and clubs were not included. Even though I was only 39, I was already nostalgic for things far from EDM and grinding.

And yet, here I was. I took a deep breath and surveyed the outfit I had picked out. It was a purple dress that came down to my knees. It was much tighter than I normally wore, hugging my natural curves. It still remained conservative enough to my standards, showing no cleavage. 

I had on a pair of black ankle-strap kitty heels, cotton panties, and a matching push-up bra. My D cup boobs were quite large and still pretty firm and round for my age, but the bra definitely took away any of the little sag that existed. I would have liked to be in pantyhose, but Josephine convinced, nay, instructed me to go bare and show off my legs. 

My long brown hair was straightened, and I did my makeup a little more stylish than I ordinarily would have, with more mascara, eyeliner, and brighter lipstick. I was looking quite sexy, and feeling it too, something I hadn't experienced in a while. Maybe I would even finger myself when I got back. I only masturbated when I was feeling really horny.

Ready for a night on the town, I drove to the club to meet up with Josephine. I got to the place, paid the cover and went inside. The excruciatingly loud bass made the whole building seem to vibrate, but a few glasses of wine or maybe some margaritas would make it tolerable.

I went up to the bar and ordered a glass of red wine, which seemed to take the young bartender by surprise, although he complied. I sat waiting for Josephine for a few minutes, wondering where she was.

My cell phone buzzed after a while with an incoming call. It was Josephine.

"Hey, what's up? Where are you?" I asked.

"Listen, Kelly, I am so sorry to have to do this to you but on my way out the door, my boss called and reminded me about a project which I had totally forgotten to do, and it needs to be done tonight. I'll work as fast as I can, but I think I've got to cancel," she explained.

"Oh my gosh, that sucks! I totally understand. Is there anything I can do to help?"

"Not at the moment. Hey, it sounds like you're already there. Just have fun tonight. I don't want you to go right back home and read a trashy romance novel. That's how you can help me, by letting loose. I've got to go though. I'll call you later if I can still make it."

"Bye, Josie."

"Bye, Kelly. Remember. Have fun!"

She hung up. 

I let out a loud exhale. Well, that was unfortunate. I tucked my phone into my large wallet and, counter to her instructions, decided to head home. And at that moment, my drink arrived. 

Well, now I had to stay, if only to finish the glass of wine. 

I stood by myself for a while at the bar, sipping my wine. Some of the songs that came on weren't actually too bad, and I watched the crowd of people dance. 

After I finished up my glass of wine, a late-90s pop song came on. I couldn't remember it, but I recognized it, and it gave me enough incentive to actually go out and dance. I let loose for half an hour, actually enjoying myself for the first time in a while. I found myself pleasantly surprised.

I sidled back to the bar when I got tired and ordered myself a martini. I grabbed my wallet, but the bartender stopped me.

"It's free, ma'am. That group over there paid for your tab."

He indicated with a nod, and I swiveled around to look. It was a group of 5 men at a booth, who noticed I was now staring at them. One made a motion with his hands, signaling for me to come over.

My heart fluttered. Sometimes a girl has to be reassured that she's sexy and alluring, and this was my confirmation. I grabbed my drink and headed over to the table. I just planned to laugh and chat. I would never think of doing anything else. 

Two of the men got out of the booth and beckoned me to move right into the middle. I giggled nervously and sat down. I got my first good look at the men. There were 2 black men, one Hispanic or possibly Sicilian, and two Caucasians. They all looked to be early-to-mid 30s, all quite ruggedly handsome and big. 

"Any reason such a fine lady as yourself would be here alone? Stood up?" one of the men said.

"Haha, well a friend was supposed to meet me here, but she had to cancel."

"Oh no, what a shame. We figured we might as well offer you some company, since you looked a little lonely. What's your name?"

"Kelly," I answered, and then almost immediately wondered if I should have used a fake name.

I gulped down my martini, almost in one sip. I was super nervous. But it was just talking, I reassured myself. There was nothing to be nervous about.

"Let's get you another one of those," the Hispanic man said and signaled to the bartender. 

We began chatting as I sipped on another glass of alcohol. 

The man sitting on my left was a tall, thin black man named Curtis. He had gone to Columbia and was now an accountant by day. He was clearly very intelligent and witty, and confident in himself.

On my right was Greg, who had gone to BYU as a baseball player and become a Mormon missionary before leaving and finding a new life as a high-school gym teacher. He had dirty blonde hair and light blue eyes. He was the shortest of the group, and also probably the most reserved.

The Hispanic was Carlos. His parents had immigrated from Spain before he was born, and he was now a bail bondsman. He looked the part too. He had one too many buttons on his short undone, lots of chest hair, and gallons of hair product. 

Marcus sat all the way down at the end on the left. He was very tall and extremely muscular. He had been in the army and then become a SWAT officer when he returned back. His dark eyes felt like they could pierce a soul, so it wasn't surprising at all to think of any criminal running scared from him. 

Dane was the last one on the right. He had been a high school dropout who ended up on the wrong side of the tracks, but had put his life back together and now worked in construction.

They were all on the same adult-league amateur baseball team, and had grown together as a group for the past few years. 

I mostly steered questions about me away, or tried to at least. As the alcohol kept flowing and I got tipsier, my lips started talking more.

Next thing I knew, I had told all of them about my marriage and how little I got out. Carlos and Greg had been married, but were now divorced, so we chatted about the trials and tribulations of marriage. Before I realized, I had opened up my soul to them. 

As my guard slipped and I became more comfortable, I stopped noticing things that ordinarily would have set off alarm bells in me. Someone holding my shoulder for a little too long. A hand brushing against mine as I reached across the table for pretzels. Both Curtis and Greg had their thighs pressed up against mine and I made no protest. Maybe it was because I didn't notice, or maybe it was because I didn't care. That, I'll never know.

But it was actually me who unintentionally made the biggest move of all. During a lull in the conversation, I absent-mindedly spun a beer bottle on the table that was on its side. It spun around and ended up pointing to Carlos.

"I guess I've got to kiss you now," I said.

All the men looked at me funnily. 

"I spun the bottle around and it landed on Carlos. That means I have to kiss him. Haven't any of you played 'Spin the Bottle' before?" 

The men realized what I meant. 

"Well, are you going to do it?" Carlos asked. He had just a tiny hint of a Spanish accent that made him very suave and alluring.

Without thinking, I stood up, leaned over to him, and gave him a kiss square on the lips. It lasted five seconds before I pulled away and sat down again. I then realized that I might not have made the smartest decision for my marriage.

In that moment, I couldn't say if it was truly a momentary lapse of judgement, or if I really meant to do it. 

Truth be told, I was starting to tire of Darrell a little bit. He was compassionate and nice, but just... milktoast. Personality-wise, that was fine for me. But in the bedroom, he just never seemed to do it. 

Darrell was the only man I had ever been with, so I had no scale. But on one drunken night out with the girls, I had found a video on my friend Ashlee's phone of her and her husband. 

I had never known a man could have a penis that big. Darrell was maybe four inches, and he never did anything rough. Ashlee and her husband showed passion when they were having sex. They weren't making love, they were fucking. And that's what Darrell never did. 

He didn't know how to read what I wanted, what I needed. Three minutes of missionary once a month for twenty years had made me hungry and yearning for someone who could fill my desire. Fantasies of being filled up by a thick cock and being truly taken by a powerful man had occupied my brain. 

And now, I had seemingly found a way to make that fantasy a reality. Maybe that's why, against better judgement, I never made any attempt to stop them. 

Dane spun the bottle. It landed on Curtis. I turned to my left, let him bend down, and kissed him, adding even more passion than I had with Carlos. I felt Greg's hand on my thigh from the other side. I broke my kiss with Curtis and turned to him. Greg leaned in and I pressed my lips to his, disregarding the bottle entirely. 

Greg's hand crept up to my hip, and Curtis' hand on the other side of me moved under my dress. As I cupped Greg's face in my hands, Curtis' own moved ever so slowly up my bare thigh.

It seemed like forever, but Curtis found the jackpot. He cupped his hand over my mound, and was rewarded with a big wet patch on the crotch of my panties.

Twenty years of sexual frustration and dissatisfaction had come to this. And right now, I was enjoying every fucking second.

My kissing with Greg was interrupted by Marcus' voice.

"My place is about five minutes from here, if you want to go somewhere more private Kelly."

Last chance. Do or die. I could walk away now if I wanted to, and stay a sheltered, repressed housewife. Or I could seize the moment and open up a whole world of opportunity for myself.

"That sounds wonderful."

***

The men had all taken separate cars. We all pulled out of the club single-file like an evil organization in any action movie, and parked on the street in front of Marcus' small house just outside of downtown. He opened up the house and we all piled inside into his living room, which consisted of a coffee table, entertainment system, sofa, and recliner. 

Hands were immediately all over my body as I was thrust to the center of the circle of five men. I was trapped, boxed in by the strong and powerful men, and I loved it. 

I closed my eyes and let the sensations wash over me. Fingers pried at my dress, pulling up the bottom hem, undoing the zipper in the back, pulling the straps off my shoulders, and tugging the top down to expose my bra. My ass was grabbed and somebody was rubbing the moist fabric of my panties. A variety of mouths kissed me, and I let their tongues slide into my eager mouth.

Two hands wrapped around my wrists and lowered them down. I cupped my hands against the crotches of two men, and I felt bulges pressing against my palms. My hands traced the cocks through the men's denim jeans, and I was very happy to find them considerably larger than Darrell's. 

I rubbed the two dicks with my hands. It was all such a new experience for me. But the knowledge that five men were standing around me, each wanting to fuck me into oblivion, made me feel hotter and sexier than I had ever felt before in my life. The attention was empowering.

My dress was pulled up over my head, leaving me in my underwear. A hand grabbed my panties and pulled them aside, and I felt two fingers brushing against my pussy lips. I was completely shaved, just the way Darrell liked. 

"Holy fuck, she's wet," I heard someone comment. The voice suggested to me that it was Dane. 

A hard smack on my firm butt made me gasp and open my eyes. Before I could adjust to my surroundings, hands appeared on my shoulders, and I was pushed down to my knees. 

I was now eye-level with the crotches of five men, and I saw five zippers go down. All of their cocks were now out, in a ring around me. Every man was quite well-endowed and ready for me. 

Carlos stepped right up to my face, his hand stroking his cock to firmness. 

"I want to feel that sweet mouth, baby. I got in a kiss, now I want a suck."

He let go of his cock and let me do the rest.

I gulped. This would be the official crossing of the line. Up to this point, I could sort of claim that I wasn't cheating. Now it would be undeniable. 

I reached out and wrapped my fingers around Carlos' shaft. He smiled, looking straight into my eyes. I slowly jerked the cock back and forth, watching his skin slide along the shaft, and feeling his cock harden in my hand. I hadn't felt that in so long.

Carlos reached around and placed his hand on the back of my head in a not-so-subtle signal. I opened my mouth, leaned forward a little, and let the head of his cock enter into my mouth. 

I closed my lips around the crown of his dick. My hand kept jerking his shaft, up and down, up and down. It had been at least half a year since I had given a blowjob. Hopefully I still remembered.

My tongue started working its way over Carlos' head. I licked across his tip and over every place I could get to with my tongue. I sucked in my cheeks, providing a little extra pressure on his cock. 

My hand and tongue kept a steady rhythm for a minute until I felt a bead of pre-cum trickle out onto my tongue. I eagerly swallowed it. I had forgotten how long it had been since I actually tasted cum. 

We were interrupted by the other men. 

"Come on, man, let the rest of us have a turn," Greg stated. 

"Alright, alright."

Carlos backed away and Greg moved in front of my face. I opened my mouth and he pushed his cock in. I began stroking his cock and licking his head just as I had done before.

Marcus and Dane both appeared on either side of me, and looked down expectantly. I knew what they wanted from me. 

I removed my hand from Greg's shaft and placed both hands on the cocks to my left and right. I began jerking both of them off at the same time, keeping the same pace to make it easier.

Sadly, this meant my efforts on Greg were lessened. I wasn't used to having to spread out my attention in sex. I licked around his head and began slowly bobbing my head down the first few inches of his shaft, but he could tell I was distracted.

Greg reached down and grabbed both sides of my head, keeping me steady. Slowly he began to thrust his hips forward, sliding his cock deeper into my mouth. He went until I gagged, choking out saliva onto his cock.

He withdrew until his head was against my lips and pushed forward again, moving slightly faster this time.

Greg taking control allowed me to concentrate on jerking the two cocks next to me and work at a faster pace. The constant "glug-glug" of my mouth and the men's groans were the only audible sounds.

Greg rotated out, and Curtis stepped up to me. He spat on his shaft and rubbed it in, letting his thick black cock glimmer in the dim light. I had obviously never been with a black man before, but it was an incredible fantasy of mine, and now I was getting the opportunity to. 

Two new men, Carlos and Dane, moved to my hands. Immediately I began jerking them off as Curtis thrust his cock into my mouth. 

He moved quicker than Greg, pumping his dick in more rapidly. It was very thick and really tested my jaw muscles. He kept going deeper until he reached my gag reflex, when he pulled out. 

Another cock took its place, Marcus'. I moved my hand from Carlos' cock and jerked the base of Marcus' shaft with one hand. My mouth sealed over his head and began bobbing up and down his cock, lubing it up with ample saliva as I went.

Before I had the opportunity to truly relish Marcus' dick, Dane pulled me over to his. Again I worked with one hand and my mouth, only this time I jerked his cock and bent my head down. I licked over his balls before taking them in my mouth and lightly sucking. Dane groaned heavily, and I felt pre-cum seep onto my hand.

Someone else, Greg, grabbed me by the hair and pulled me to him. His cock penetrated past my lips and he thrust in. I gagged on his cock, but he kept going until his tip pressed against the back of my throat. I felt almost a weird sense of pride.

My hands blindly grabbed for erections as the men yanked me about. A constant stream of cocks rotated in and out of my mouth, making my mouth sore as saliva spilled out of my mouth and dripped down my body. 

I was surrounded by cocks and loving it. I hadn't ever had this much fun or put this much passion into a blowjob before in my life.

Each man took their turn, getting time in my mouth and hands. 

I found myself with Dane's cock in my mouth and jerking Curtis. Marcus was kneeling behind me, running his hands over my toned thighs and ass (I may have been a housewife, but that doesn't mean I couldn't still do pilates and spin). 

I was fondling Dane's balls with one hand and trying to take as much of his cock as I could in my mouth. I had over half of his shaft down and kept going. 

Spit dripped onto the floor, but I was determined to take it all. His head moved past my tonsils and tickled the back of my throat. Just a few more inches. 

He was firmly pressing against the back of my throat and his cock kept sliding in. I was having a lot more trouble now, and questioning whether I could take the entire thing. Dane put a hand on the back of my head and forcefully pushed me on, making it easier. 

I had one more inch to go. I spread my jaw as far as possible and relaxed my throat, and finally my nose pressed against his stomach. His cock was throbbing heavily in my mouth, and I knew even from my limited experience that he was about to cum. 

"Fuck, Kelly, I'm about to blow. I want you to swallow all of my load down like a good cocksucker. That's it," he complimented as my tongue tickled the underside of his shaft. 

My hand continued fondling his balls, and Dane finally reached his breaking point. His body tensed, and I pulled my head away from him, leaving just the head now sealed by my lips. I hadn't swallowed in forever, and I didn't want to waste it.

Dane cried out and he climaxed. The first rope rocketed out and hit me in the back of the throat, catching me off-guard. But I stayed put as the rest of his load was deposited cleanly onto my eager and waiting tongue. 
