 Separated by some 3,000 miles, I wrote several stories for my girlfriend, hoping to keep us in touch and sexually connected. This and other stories are fiction based on her fantasies and written with her as the first person. I tried using details to evoke visions of what the characters would see, hear, feel, smell and taste—something I believe is missing from most Literotica stories. Although catered to her intimate fantasies, I am sharing them with fellow readers hoping you will also enjoy them.

As a writer, I am always looking to improve my craft and would appreciate feedback, especially from women. I'd like to know what you, the reader, found particularly arousing and what could be improved upon.

Regards

My phone beeped and I saw a text popup from my Baby. "Are you close."

"About 15 mins." I replied back.

"I have a surprise for you. Actually, two." He texted.

"Hmmm. What are they?" I texted back.

"Surprises."

When I finally arrived at the hotel, I found his room number and knocked. The door opened slowly. My Baby's head poked about from behind, beaming a wide smile. He held the door open, waiting for me to walk in. I thought he would have come forward to meet me over the threshold, but as a stepped inside, I saw why. My Baby was standing there naked. Before I knew it, he grabbed me around my waist, pulling me close, as I dropped my bags as the door closed behind us. He locked his mouth on mine, delivering a long, passionate kiss. I could smell his cologne as I drew in a breath against his arms that held me tight. I closed my eyes and returned the kiss. God I miss you so much, I thought to myself. I wrapped my arms around him, feeling the skin of his back. Before I knew it, his arms dropped below my hips, then pulled me up off the floor. My arms and legs wrapped around him as he carried me and together we fell on to the bed, still locked together in a tight embrace. He lay on top of me kissing me deep before running his mouth and tongue down my neck. His hands ran up to the top of my blouse, then pulled it down, along with my bra as my breasts popped out. His mouth continued its way down my chest to my left breast where it opened to suck in nearly half of my boob so hard it almost felt like he was going to tear it off! The tip of his tongue swiped back and forth across my nipple as his lips closed around my breast, finally locking on my nipple as he pulled away his mouth, stretching it out as it grew hard. His other hand reached over to caress my other breast, gently fondling my other nipple. I drew in a deep breath as this taking me by surprise began to arouse me and I couldn't wait to have him, nor he couldn't wait to have me.

I felt a yank and looked up to see that my pants and panties were bunched in his hands and tossed aside. He slid up my naked body, his warm skin against mine until his face reached mine, whereupon he delivered another deep kiss. I could feel his cock poking into my right thigh and opened it slightly to let it fall into place. He moved up further until it was pressing against my lips and thrust. I reached down to move his cock into my opening and with another thrust, his head was inside me. He wrapped his arms around me and pulled him tight against me as he thrust again, entering further. With two more thrusts, he was all the way in and lay against me, his head above mine and kissed me. I could feel his cock slid in and out as I spread my legs further apart to let him in. I returned the kiss, placing my tongue deep inside his mouth as we both struggled to breathe. His pace increased; each thrust pushed my head back and slightly up the bead. Reaching up I wrapped my arms around him, then my legs around his waist and held him tight as he rode me.

The head of his cock went up and down like a piston and I could feel my pussy getting wet and sensitive. His pace continued to increase and I could feel pressure building inside me as I began to tighten around his bulging cock.

"Ohhh. That feels good," he said. "I want you so much. I want to fuck your pussy! Run my dick in and out until we cum!"

His talking dirty to me and thrusting brought me to the brink of climaxing and I rolled my head back and opened my mouth as each thrust sent my head bobbing.

I opened my eyes to look at his just before he close them. I watched squint, grimace and as in great pain, then cry out. But nothing could further from the truth as I felt his cock swell inside me then everything inside grew slippery as he spewed out his load of cum. Watching him cum made me excited, to the point that I too came, then watched his face return to normal and then form a satisfied smile. He lay on me his next to me, cheek to cheek as he breathed heavily in my ear.

I heard clapping, then turned my head to see a man and woman sitting on the couch across the room. Scared half out of my wits, I poked and tried to bring to his attention the couple sitting across the room from us. Baby rose up and grinned from ear to ear. I was pissed and felt my privacy violated. After all, they just watched us having sex.

The woman got up from the couch and walked forward continuing to clap. As she left the shadows and came closer into the light, I could better make her out. She was medium height. Her long red hair flowed down her back and he skin was very light, contrasting her dark red lipstick. She wore a silk blouse and black skirt and looked professional.

"Very good. I enjoyed watching your lovemaking," she said with a thick French accent as she looked at me.

Baby rolled off me, leaving me naked and exposed. I felt like grabbing a pillow to cover up.

She dropped to her knees looked at me and said, "Have you ever made love to a woman?"

Shyly, I shook my head back and forth.

Her hands rose up and her shiny crimson red nails went over her top button and popped it open. I followed her hands down as her blouse opened up, revealing the top of her large breasts. She pulled her blouse open, revealing the cleavage of her C or even D cup breasts.

"Do you like my breasts?"

I stood there dumbfounded, not knowing what to say or do. She smiled back and continued to undo her blouse, then slid her arms out the sleeves and tossed off her top. A few freckles above her breasts were the only markings on her otherwise perfect skin. I could see how the color of her skin lightened near her bra, so light that it nearly matched its white lace. My eyes were fixed on her and her hands, until I watched them disappeared behind her back, her bra loosen and fall way. She straightened her back and looked at me.

"There, now you can better she them. Do you like my breasts?" she inquired again.

My eyes were now glued on the porcelain pair of flawless globes, each with a pink nipple that seemed to point directly at me.

"Would you like to feel them?" she asked in her heavy accent. "Have you ever felt another woman's breasts before?"

I was still dazed trying to comprehend what was going on and did nothing.

"Come, come now there my darling. Now don't be shy." She reached over and grabbed my wrists, then placed both of my hands against her breasts, then placed her hands flat against mine, pressing them into her skin and nipples. She squeezed my hands over her breasts, slowly kneading them. My eyes were still affixed to her breasts, now covered with my hands.

"There, that's better." I could feel the soft skin and breasts wiggle under my fingers and her nipples push against the palms of my hands.

"I can feel my nipples getting hard. Can you? Your caressing my breasts is making my nipples hard." She paused and said, "But what they really like is to be sucked on. I want you to suckle my breasts." She then pat her hand on the edge of the bed. "Sit here."

I swung my legs over the edge of the bed and sat up. She stood up in front of me and moved close, the raised both hands up and crossed her arms behind her head and leaned forward, thrusting her breasts in my face. Slowly I moved forward and brushed my lips against her left breast.

"Don't be shy, darling. Open your mouth and suck on my nipple."

I slowly parted my lips and felt the tip of her nipple run between them. I closed my lips over her nipple, then moved my tongue out to touch its tip.

"That's it, darling. Now open your mouth wide and suck my breast inside your mouth."

I opened my mouth and gently sucked, feeling the nipple enter my mouth.

"Use your tongue to flick my nipple back and forth and circle around my areola."

My tongue was now flicking her nipple which was now more ridged. My tongue then circled it and ran around her hardened nipple, feeling the tiny bumps of her areola.

"That's good. Feel my nipple getting hard. Make sure you play with the other one with your hand.

I did as instructed and caressed her other nipple with my fingers.

"Now switch breasts." She said and moved my mouth from her left breast to her right and played with her left breast with my fingers, now slippery with my saliva. The surprise was now over and I began to awaken to what was going on. I was sucking on another's woman's tits. It's always been a fantasy of mine and I was enjoying it. My face was pressed against her flawless skin and her hard pink nipple was in my mouth. Her breast was now rising and falling with the increasing rhythm of her breathing.

She stood up, pulling away from my hand and mouth. I sat up on the edge of the bed.

Her hands reached down to the top of her skirt and pushed down, sliding it and her pantyhose off. In one graceful gesture, she bent over as her clothing fell off, her eyes gazing into mine. She stood up just inches from me and I looked down to her bellybutton and then to the triangular patch of flaming red hair covering her puffy lips and slit. She took a few steps back, then gracefully, sat into a deep chair, her legs firmly together and lady-like. She slid her hips forward, then lifted her legs high and onto the armrests.

"Come here, darling." She beckoned as she gestured a "come here" with her index finger. I stood up and walked over to her. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see my Baby stroking his cock as he watched the two of us. I stood in front her, both of us completely naked and she with her legs and sex open to me.

"I want you to eat me, darling. Use that tongue of yours on my pussy. Lick my clitoris and vagina."

I looked back at her, pausing for a moment.

"Come now, darling. As a woman, you know what to do."

I placed my hands on the armrests and lowered myself to my knees. I bent forward and brought my face close to her waiting womanhood. She was beautiful. Red wisps of hair covered her pussy and thin pink lips protruded outward. It was better than I had ever imagined it. My face grew near and my nostrils drew in her scent emanating from her warm and wet pussy. My tongue stuck out just far enough to tough the tip of it to her lips, before retracting. I gently touched them to my lips and lightly kissed them.

"Come darling, you know what a woman needs. Spread my lips with your fingers and dive your tongue in. Run it up and down from my vagina to my clit and work on my clit."

I pressed my fingers against her lips and opened her up, revealing the pink flesh, now covered in a sheen of her juices. My tongue ran up and down as she instructed, lightly at first, then with more pressure. As her lips parted on their own, I could now run the entire flat top part of tongue against the entire length of her slit. Her vaginal opening supplied my taste buds with its juices, which I then carried up to her clit, before circling it with my tongue. I worked the base of her clit, lifting it up and could feel her hips spasm in pleasure. Her pubic hair tickled the underside of my nose as I looked up to see her breasts rise and fall. Her breasts were turned upward, her nipples hard and her head rested back with her mouth open. I watched both hands reach over, cup, then caress her breasts and pull and pinch her nipples.

Eating her out was beginning to excite me too. I loved running my tongue between her lips and running over her clit. I loved watching her writher with pleasure and I diving my tongue inside her opening, scooping out the bittersweet juice.

"Finger me, darling. Stick your fingers in me." I pressed the tips of two fingers to her opening and they slid inside, then run them in and out and watched the thin membrane of her opening wrap around my fingers as it rode them in and out.

Both of her hands reached down to the back of my head pressed my mouth hard against her. I could hardly move, but knowing what she wanted, attacked her clit with my tongue in a fury. Her hips began to move forward and back and she began to moan. "Oh dear, you do that so well. I'm cumming. I'm cumming!"

I pulled my head away from her pussy to see that it was soaked in her wetness. Her vagina was open and spasmed forward and back, shockwaves of her orgasm as white juices trickled out the bumps of her pink flesh. I could feel the coolness on my cheeks and knew that they two were equally coated with her juices.

"Come here my darling." She said as she opened her hands and placed them on the sides of my head and me pulled me to her. She turned her head and locked her mouth on mine. Her tongue slid inside my mouth then around my lips, mouth and anywhere her juice could be found, then returned back inside my mouth. She grabbed my hand then looked at me as she took the two fingers I had inside her and sucked them clean. She lowered her hands around my back and pulled me to her, holding me tight so our breasts flattened against each other and our sweaty bodies touching from hip to mouth and we engaged in a long, deep, passionate kiss.

"That was good my darling, but I need more. I need you now." She stood up and then laid down on her back on the bed. "Come here my darling, lay on top of me." I began to lay on her when she stopped me. "No, not that way. Turn around in a 69 position." My hips straddled her head and I laid down across her torso. She brought her legs up. "Put your arms over my legs." I did so, and my weight held her legs up and her pussy wide open. "Now drop your pussy to my mouth." She said, as she pushed my knees outward, lowering my hips. I could feel my lips touch hers, then her tongue snaked out and ran the length of my slit. I was soaking wet and could feel my wetness and knew she could taste as her tongue ran over my pussy.

I looked down at her gaping pussy and returned to working on her clit. To my surprise, my Baby came around, his cock bouncing up and down and pressed it into her opening. I watched it slide into her, back out, then slide back in as I worked on her clit.

I felt the bed depress slightly, then felt something on my ass cheek as it ran against my skin and towards my pussy. It felt like the head of cock and it slid inside my opening. I felt the pressure of a man against my hips and they he thrust into me, his cock riding up inside my pussy while the woman underneath was working my clit. God it felt good. All this while watching my man sink his cock into this woman was beyond anything I have ever imagined. The man riding me went faster and harder and I knew he was going to cum soon. I could feel his cock swell inside me, then shoot its load as her tongue worked my clit and I had to raise my head off her pussy as I came hard.

The semi-hard cock slid out of me, only to be replaced by her tongue as she dove in to eat the cream pie he left behind in me. Meanwhile, my man began to thrust hard and shot his load inside her. I loved watching him squint, thrust fast, then scream and moan with pleasure.

With a slap of her hand against my ass, she pronounced. "Off, darling." And I lifted my head and rolled back off her.

I saw the other guy standing there, his cock semi-hard, catching his breath.

"Darling, looks like my man needs some help. Why don't you suck his cock to make it hard."

I looked down at his cock, then lowered my mouth and took it inside. I tasted both his and my juices, which turned me on even more. Soon, his cock began to swell in my mouth as it sprung back to life. He fell back on the bed with his cock pointing skyward.

"Why don't you ride my man?" the woman said. Taking her suggestion, I scooted up and straddled him, then grabbed his cock and placed it on my opening. My knees slid across the bed as my hips sank down and his cock rose up inside me.

"Ohhhh." I exclaimed. His cock felt so good. After the excitement of fucking, then making love to another woman, I was the height of passion. I leaned forward, felling the cock move out, then sat back on it to feel it ride up deep inside me. I repeated this over and over, riding the cock as he reached up to grab and hold my tits.

Meanwhile, the woman moved behind me and I could feel pressure against my asshole, then something pop inside and wiggle around. It was her finger. Damn that felt good, a cock pumping in and out of my pussy while a finger poked in and out of my ass. Soon, one or two other fingers joined in my ass and I could feel my sphincter being stretched. Off to the side, I could see my Baby with his cock in his hand, stroking it with some type of fluid or lubricant. I closed my eyes and focused on my pussy and asshole, thoroughly enjoying the pleasure I was receiving.

The fingers slid out of my ass and I felt something else bump on my cheek. It bumped again as my Baby approached from behind. Holding his cock out, he guided it into my asshole as I rode back, then thrust it in. The sudden stretching caused me to pause for a moment, then I felt my hole stretch further as his cock was shoved up my ass. I slowly backed down, now with two cocks inside me. So long a fantasy, I was now enjoying to men at the same time while another woman watched. I moved forward and as I moved back and the two cocks pressed deep inside me, an orgasm instantly shot threw me and I screamed out. I could feel my pussy tighten, yet get slippery as it filled with my juices. I stopped but the guy underneath raised his hips and continued to fuck my pussy while my man rode my ass hard. Both now went at different intervals and I could feel their cocks run up inside me, sometimes together, sometimes one went in as the other ran out. I have never felt anything like before. My entire loins and ass were ready to explode in lust, juices from my pussy now ran down the guy's cock and my nipples could have cut glass. They rode me and when I could, rode them. I don't know if I had one long orgasm, two or three. All I knew is that I was screaming, moaning, oblivious to the rest of the world. All I knew was that the cocks inside me turned me on like nothing else in the past.

As I pumped forward, the guy's cock fell out my wet pussy. I was so engulfed with my orgasm I had no idea he had just come. Meanwhile, my Baby continued to ride my ass, grabbing my waist and thrusting me forward and back over his cock until in a couple of thrusts and grunts, he squirt inside me and went limp.

My baby got off me and I rolled over on the bed. I could barely breathe and my heart thumped in my neck and my ears. I felt faint and light headed. It took me about five minutes to regain my composure, during which time the couple had gotten dressed and left.

"Oh my God! That was something else. I can't believe what we just did." I said.

"Did you like it?" Baby said sarcastically.

I laughed. I'm going to be rubbing myself for years to come just thinking about what happened."

I lifted my head to look around. "Where did they go?"

"They left" I said.

"Really?"

"Yes.

"Who were they?" I asked.

"Don't know."

I looked at my Baby sternly.

"What do you mean you don't know?"

"They answered my Craigslist ad."

"So you don't know anything about them?"

"No."

"What were their names?" "Don't know," my Baby said.
