 Fun levels were dangerously low. I manage to convince my dad to watch my son for the night. I run home and get ready for a helluva night. Loaded up on painkillers and whatnot to make the next few hours feel more human than wretched, I gotta be careful to drink only juices!

I go to a place known to have more Caucasian men… what I am seeking tonight is not for faint hearted Asian men. Well, I hate generalizations but then I'm not out to gamble tonight. I want my fun.

I was in a backless velvet top and short flared skirt. As I make my way to the bar I get a number of appreciative glances but ignore them all. I wasn't ready to begin. 

I buy straight OJ and sip at it, scanning the place. Time to hunt. 

Hmm, not bad a crowd. I tried to decide on blond or brunette. If I'm lucky, one of each! A blond at the bar reminds me of an ex-lover… I catch his eye and we smile. I knock back the rest of my drink and approach him with my empty glass. 

"Wanna buy me my next drink?"

"Sure babe"

I slide onto the stool next to him and signal the bartender for another: he is quick to replace my empty glass.

"Are you alone?" I ask him. 

"Actually, no… my pals are in the gents right now." Oooh pals. Plural. Am I gonna get lucky tonight? I was seeking two… but how many more can I handle? He is watching me for my reaction and I smile broadly… "Are you guys alone then?" 

"Not anymore" he smiles. 

Two guys approach and whoa am I in luck or what??? These are gorgeous men.

The guy at the bar tries to introduce me and realises he doesn't have my name. 

"I'm Irene" I offered and they introduced themselves as Jack, Zack and Matt. 

We spent some time clustered at the bar chatting. Jack and Zack are brothers. Matt was the guy at the bar. Jack and Zack are brunettes with a fair complexion … both in their early thirties and in IT. We spent some time talking shop before I noticed Matt looking out of place. Matt is also in his early thirties but is in banking. He hates computers. Funny how these guys are best friends then, moving to Singapore together from their native America. 

Finished a couple more drinks and though the guys goaded me to drink some alcohol, I did not reveal why I could not drink, but only teased that I wanted to be sober for everything that happened that night 

I wanted to dance and said so. They couldn't decide who would join me so I pulled Jack and Matt to the dance floor with me. I went wild. The music was good and I let myself go. It was a thrill to be dancing between two men, so close. It wasn't long before their hands started to roam. I held Jack's head as I kissed him… then whispered "Time to let Zack have his turn"

He unwillingly returned to the bar to safeguard our seats and Zack came in quickly to take his place. Lots of shaking, grinding. Plenty of touching, fondling. 

I clung on to Matt and kissed him hard. Then I let him go, turned around and did the same to Zack… mmm feels like pretty solid packages they have down there!

Feeling their strong hands on my bare skin was a thrill indeed. No bra in this top and a skimpy thong under the skirt. They were more than pleased to feel my bare buttocks under the skirt.

Gyrations abound. Big smiles all around. Hands everywhere. Time to get outta here!

They were quick to agree. We had one more round of drinks, they escorted me to the ladies then we were out…

Zack had gone to get their car while I was busy and we didn't have to wait. The three of us piled into the back seat, while Zack grumbled about being the designated driver. 

It was a short drive to their service apartment in town but Jack took the chance to bring me to an orgasm with his fingers while both he and Matt each suckled on one breast. I licked Jack's fingers clean and told him that I'd do the same and more to his cock later…

Fortunately they had a valet service so all four of us proceeded into the lobby straight into a waiting lift… and up into their apartment… there was a lot more hanky panky in the lift of course!

Once the door closed, I knelt down in front of Zack and undid his belt, pulled down his pants and underwear. Hahaha when I expected a big package… I wasn't far wrong. I proceeded to lick and suck him … he was a very good length to deep throat without gagging (just beyond the gag point) and I enjoyed myself thoroughly. He didn't want to come just yet but I didn't give him a choice and pulled out enough to taste his salty cum on my tongue…

I turned to Jack and Matt and wasn't surprised to see that both of them were already naked. "Couch" I told them, and pointed. They obediently trooped to the couch and sat there, side by side. Zack plonked himself on the one seater and recovered while I knelt between Jack and Matt and proceeded to alternate using my hands on one and my lips and tongue on the other. 

Somewhere along the way, Zack undressed himself and proceeded to remove my thong. I turned around and told him "Condom" and he waved a pack at me, grinning. Gosh, these guys are prepared! He licked me to another orgasm before filling me with his hard cock. OMG it has been a while since I have had such a big one. Thankfully I was very wet from my orgasms and he slipped in easily. 

As I concentrated on getting Jack to come, Zack started to play with my ass. With my own juices dripping down my thighs, he lubed his fingers and my ass well. One finger. Then two. It was getting very difficult to make Jack come. 

But it didn't seem that Jack or Matt minded. They pushed me into an upright position and removed my top. I spent quite a while frenching Matt while Jack licked and sucked my breasts and nipples. All this time Zack was still relentlessly pounding into me, though he had stopped fingering my ass. 

Jack wanted a turn, so he rolled a condom on himself and asked me to ride him. With pleasure! As I settled in onto his hard cock (these brothers have quite identical cocks!) I frenched him and Matt took over sucking on my breasts. Zack resumed his finger play on my ass. 

We continued in this manner for a while… until Matt asserted his right for a turn. He pulled me off Jack, removed my skirt and carried me to his room, which he assured me had the largest bed. He had the thinnest cock amongst them and I knew by then that this was not the first time the three had shared a woman. And I could not wait for Matt's cock to fuck my ass. 

He laid me down gently on the bed, retrieved a condom from a side table and rolled it on. As the brothers joined us on the bed – one on each side of me, he lifted my legs and each brother held up one. He entered my wet pussy first and fucked me hard for a while, bringing me to several orgasms. Then he withdrew and gently inserted his cock into my ass. He was slow and very gentle. There was no pain at all. Before long, I was bucking up against him, wanting him to fuck me hard. 

And he did.

Anal orgasms are outta this world. 

We shifted positions. Zack laid on the bed and I straddled him, moaning as his cock filled my cunt. He pulled me down to kiss him and Matt entered my ass. OMG I was so full I could scream! They held still for a while, letting my body adjust to the fullness. Jack busied himself playing with my breasts. Matt kissed my back and shoulders. 

Then they started to move.

I didn't have to move. I COULDN'T move. I was being bounced in between the two men, the meat in the sandwich. Feeling their cocks move in and out of me… one going in the other going out… rubbing against one another inside me, so close to one another yet separated… whoa whoa whoa.

And after a while, they changed syncopation and fucked me in unison. I have not come so hard before. 

Then I feel a cock nudging my lips. I open wide and fellate away. 

Somehow when I planned to have a wild night out, I didn't expect things to get this far. I mean, to have great sex with one guy was really good enough, two was being expectant but I never reckoned three. 

For a moment there as I was being pounded hard by two cocks and sucking away on a third, I thought with such clarity: "Oh my I have all the luck in the world today"

Then the moment passed and I returned to being a ball of non stop orgasms pleasuring the men as best as I could. 

They switched places. This time, Jack laid down on the bed and took my ass, Matt took my cunt and I sucked off Zack. They switched again and with Zack on the bed this time, I rode his cock for a while before Jack pushed me down and took my ass; Matt presented his cock for fellatio.

At no time were their hands not occupied… either caressing a part of me or teasing my nipples. 6 hands giveth a lot of pleasure. 

Jack and Matt were at the end of their tether. We disengaged, they removed their condoms and they shot all over me. Then they promptly fell back on the bed and were falling asleep! I was shocked and it showed.

Zack laughed and assured me it happened all the time… combination of great sex and alcohol tends to drain a guy he said. And for once, he was glad to be the designated driver :) He kissed me and suggested that he help me wash up. I agreed. I was very tired myself and could not afford to spend the night.

My legs were weak and it was with relief that he held my hand and led me to the adjoining bathroom. It had a very spacious shower stall. I told him I liked the water hot and he adjusted it accordingly. He helped scrub my back and I washed my front. Then we started getting frisky and we frenched… He pulled back and said "One sec" while he stepped out of the stall, reached into the cabinet for a condom, skilfully rolled it over himself, stepped back into the stall and closed the door. It was more like a few seconds but nonetheless still impressive!

He lifted my left leg and started fucking me against the wall. It was really really good. 

I felt his cock explode in orgasm inside me and that triggered off my final orgasm of the night. We kissed under the cascading water. 

We finished our shower and he helped to towel dry me. He even blew dry my hair for me!

He asked me to spend the night. In Jack's room, no sex. And we could all have breakfast together tomorrow. Very tempting, I told him, but no, I had to get home. He offered to drive me. I declined again. But if he would let me have $20 for cab fare?

Just $20?? I gave him a look and told him "Sweetie, don't insult me. I just need to get home". He quickly apologised and gave me $20. 

He walked me down and we frenched in the lift. He told the guard on duty that we needed a cab. While we waited, he asked me if they would be able to contact me. I said no, I wouldn't give him my number… but if he'd give me his? He very quickly pulled out not only his name card but his brother's and Matt's! As I put them in my bag, a cab turns in, alerted to a requirement of his services by the very helpful guard.

I give Zack a final kiss as he opens the door for me. 

"Goodnight… and thank you!"

"Thank YOU" he says, with a smile before stepping back and closing the door. I give the cab driver my address and he drives off. 

I relive the night during the cab ride, wishing I had a laptop, wondering if I should repair my PV. The entire episode in their apartment lasted no more than two hours. 

I reach home and write my longest story ever. 

Now I am going to shower (again) and change before taking a slow stroll to my parents' in the cool morning air and watch my son as I drift off to dreamland………