 We all get on really well together... you and I know each other very well by now, both in and out of the bedroom, and although I don't know him quite so well, I'm willing to learn. 

We have been on a night out together, and are all pleasantly drunk. I for one am feeling very horny now, and am hoping that things might take that further step so that I can enjoy both of you... I can see in your eyes that you're hoping the same for me. 

As we get back to the flat, I kiss you and whisper in your ear that I want you... in fact I want you both. You hug me closer to you so that you can feel my breasts against your chest and we both enjoy the feeling. Then I feel hands on my breasts as we are kissing, caressing and making my nipples hard, it's a wonderful feeling but I'm a little confused for a second because I can still feel your hands on my waist - then realise that they are his hands... 

You guide me toward the bedroom and sit me down. We carry on kissing, and he is now sliding his hand up my leg, toward my sensitive backside, stroking and feeling his way around my arse. His fingers slip inside my underwear so he can feel whether I am aroused or not... of course I am, and his intake of breath shows that this pleases him. I turn and kiss him and then it's your turn to fondle me. You kiss my neck as I pull him closer to me and my nerve endings are now on fire. His hands instinctively go to my breast, and the feeling of kissing and being kissed on the mouth, your lips on my neck and his hand on my breast is almost too much to bear. 

Almost before I notice, my top is open and my breasts are on display. I'm now kissing both of you alternately, and as I kiss you, he moves his mouth toward my aching nipple. He kisses and licks the pale flesh around it and then begins to lick and suck the nipple itself... the feeling is incomparable, and it makes me (if at all possible) more horny than I already was. You sense this and move down to the other one. If I thought I was horny before, it is nothing in comparison to now - both of my nipples being sucked and licked at the same time, and now a hand between my legs feeling my arousal and working me towards a climax. 

I realise that you are both still clothed and make attempts to undo the buttons of your shirt. The intensity of the situation means that my fingers are clumsy, so you both undress yourselves. What a sight! Two sexy men undressing for me... and what excitement you are both showing! I can't help myself. I get on my hands and knees on the bed and lick the glistening head of your fabulous cock, licking and sucking as much as I can into my mouth. I can't linger for too long though, because I really want to do the same to him, so you stand side by side so that I can alternate between you, sucking both of you off and getting more turned on by the second. I kneel up to kiss you and there are hands everywhere, on my breasts, on my arse, and on my soaking pussy. I think I must be in heaven... do they do things like that there? I certainly hope so! 

I lie on my back and take your cock into my mouth again, I love the feeling of it, the hardness shows me how much you want me, just as my wetness shows you how much you turn me on. As I'm sucking you, I am aware of his lips on my neck, moving toward my breasts again, then working their way down my body, kissing me as they go. My excitement is building because I know his destination, and if he doesn't get there soon I might just explode. 

He gets there and spends a little time teasing, not quite touching the part of me he knows I need him to touch. He laughs when I instinctively raise my hips to get closer to his mouth, and pulls away, but then he can't resist any longer and has to taste for himself. I feel his tongue run around the lips of what now feels like the centre of my whole being, licking me and gently sucking them into his mouth, and then at last his tongue finds my engorged clit and flicks at it, bringing me ever closer to orgasm. 

I'm trying hard to concentrate on giving you a decent blow job but my mind is having difficulty taking all the events in. I can't help but notice what is going on at the bottom of the bed, but the feel of your cock in my mouth as I wank you is wonderful too. I feel your balls contract as your orgasm approaches, and increase my efforts with my tongue around your dick. You shoot a stream of cum into my mouth just as my body stiffens and my own orgasm finally arrives. I can't control myself then, you've pulled out of my mouth and it's a good job, because the thrashing of my orgasm is like nothing I've experienced before. He holds onto my legs and pulls me onto his mouth, furiously licking at my clit and when he senses I can take no more, pushes his tongue inside me to taste as much of me as he can. He moves up the bed to kiss me and I lick as much of the juice off his face as possible before turning to you and letting you taste for yourself. 

I feel exhausted but at the same time I don't want this to end. We decide to take a break and he goes to get drinks and cigarettes for us. As we take time out, I can't keep my hands off either of you, and the feeling is reciprocated. Before too much time has passed, the eroticism of the situation gets the better of me and I'm licking your nipples and kissing you both again. Realising that he hasn't cum yet I begin to kiss him and then slowly make my way down his body to his cock. I kiss him from his lips to his face to his neck, spending a little time there before moving down his chest and nipples to his torso and stomach before finally sucking first one ball then the other into my mouth. I love the feeling of his balls rolling around in my mouth as I run my tongue around them, then I lick all around the tip of his cock before finally swallowing as much of him into my mouth as I can. 

While I've been doing this you have been running your hands over my back and my arse, occasionally dipping a finger into my still dripping pussy. The sight of me sucking your friend's cock combined with the knowledge of how good it must feel for him is finally too much for you and you have to get some relief. You move around so that you are behind me, and slide your magnificent cock into me from behind. I groan with desire against his cock before sucking him into my mouth again, and you fuck me from behind as I carry on my ministrations. He has had to wait quite a while for this so it doesn't take him long to cum into my mouth. Once he has recovered from his orgasm, he moves around beside me and starts to play with my nipples as they bounce from the movement of you shoving yourself into me. The joint sensations of your cock sliding in and out of me and my nipples being stimulated is too much for me and I cum again, my vaginal muscles contracting around your cock, which in turn brings you to orgasm. 

We need to take another breather, all this horniness can't go on continuously, so after a cigarette and a drink I take off to the shower. As the hot water cascades down on me I play the last few hours over in my mind. I've fantasised about just this for a long, long time. Whoever thought it would be just as good in reality? I finish my shower, wrap a towel around my body and another around my head and rejoin you both in the bedroom. We chat for a while and carry on drinking and then we all get our second (or is it third?) wind. 

He told me once that he wanted to have anal sex with me, and you know I'm not totally averse to this but you also know that it has to be done very carefully. The two of you have obviously been making plans while I was in the shower, because you have taken the small tub of Vaseline I always carry out of my handbag and it's on the bedside table. You both kiss and caress me until you are sure I'm definitely feeling horny (like it was going to just go away!) and then you pull me down onto you so that I am again impaled on your cock. You've managed to make sure that you are at the edge of the bed, and he stands behind me as we move together and starts to put his now lubricated finger into my arse. Once he is sure I'm ready, he slowly inserts his cock into my once forbidden hole. I stop moving on you so that he can get inside, and he waits for about 30 seconds until he feels my muscles relax. Once I know I'm ready I start moving again and the feeling of your cock in one hole and his in the other is unbelievable. Now that I am fully relaxed around him, he fucks me hard from behind and you do the same from beneath. My mind is whirling. How can something that I used to think of as so bad feel so good? 

I feel so totally sexual now, as though there are no other sides to my character, just a wanton woman who wants sex, sex and more sex. My orgasm crashes around me just as yours does, and he pulls out of me just in time for his cum to spray all over my arse cheeks. I collapse on to you, breathing heavily. I've been satisfied before, but nothing can compare to the total exhaustion I feel now. We quickly clean ourselves up before getting into the bed with me between the two of you and falling into the deep sleep that can only follow the intense and mind blowing orgasms we have all just experienced.