 The arraignments were made for my lovely wife of 12 years to finally fulfill her fantasy. All the preparations have been made to ensure everything will go as planned. The ad had been sitting on the website for well over 2 months and tonight was the night we were going to finally do it for her. She had wanted this to happen for so long now that the thought was the only thing she could think about since placing the ad. I had looked at each persons reply and studied their photos closely to make sure they were right for her. 

Nearly 100 men had all wanted to participate in the ultimate gang bang for my wife. Each one claiming to be very experienced at it; each one boasting about the size of their cock, but only 8 were selected. Every night I would go out to meet these men face to face and interview each one of them. Several of them had taken me home to introduce me to their wife or girlfriend. This was the deal sealer for me when they did that. When they had someone at home who allowed them to play, who also played on the side in their own world. My wife and I had never done the swinging lifestyle before, but since watching that one video, this was all she could think about.

She did not know who these men were going to be, and that was the exciting part for her. This was the one night where she can be a true slut and not really care. As we pulled out of the driveway, my wife sat beside me, getting her self ready just a touch more. She adjusted her garter belt and stockings so she would look perfect. Several times during the drive she would look in her mirror and make sure her makeup was just right. The anticipation grew more intense with each mile I drove to the place that I had already arraigned for this night to happen. One of the men who introduced me to his wife had told me that his house would be perfect as they hold monthly parties for other swingers to enjoy.

As I reached the neighborhood where my new friend lives, my wife began to get more excited and decided that she could not wear her panties anymore. She quickly slide them out from under her dress, and showed me how wet they really had become. When I pulled into the driveway, my wife pulled out a bottle of her favorite perfume and quickly sprayed just a touch more on to give it that perfect touch.

As we walked up to the door, we were greeted by a lovely blond wearing a long black shiny dress that was split up both sides. As she stood in the doorway, she greeted my wife with a kiss on the cheek. "Welcome to your ultimate fantasy, my dear" she said.

As we walked in, my wife began to look around for the men; I told her that she was not going to see them. Our hostess quickly placed the blindfold on my wife and guided her to the room where everything was going to take place. 

Once inside the room, there were shackles hanging from the ceiling, candles lit all over the room, and soft music playing in the back ground. The men were all sitting around room anxiously waiting for my wife to arrive. All of them knew that this was something that she had been wanting for a long time and all know that this night needs to be perfect for my wife. 

My wife was guided to one side of the room and the hostess had motioned for two men to rise and help my wife out of her clothes. Every man in the room was completely naked and very erect from anticipation. As I looked at the far end of the room, one man was sitting down with a slightly stocky red head sucking his cock gently getting him hard for my wife to enjoy. As the two men had undressed my wife, she stood in front of me and 8 other men wearing nothing but her garter belt and stockings. This was the first time anyone else besides myself has seen my wife naked, and the excitement built quickly up in her as her pussy was now starting to leak down her legs.

The two men then took my wife's wrists and put them into the one set of shackles that hung from the ceiling. With her arms now suspended in the air, my blind wife was starting to be felt up by all these men one at a time. Short loud breaths can be heard from my wife with each different mans touch. One would caress her tits; another one would rub her legs. Gently one would massage her ass, and one began rubbing her clit. Each man would spend a moment or two touching and felling my wife, making her body squirm in her restraints with each touch.

After each man had their turn, they then took their turns rubbing their cocks against her body. As I sat and watch the action, the red head that was fluffing the guys came over to me and fished my own cock out of my pants. I tried to stop her but my hostess grabbed my hands and told me to relax and enjoy. I relaxed back and realized that if my wife was getting pleasured, I might as well enjoy. I began to concentrate on watching my wife being pleasured by 8 men. I watched each man rubbed their cocks all over her tits, her ass, and even her pussy. These men were so excited; each man was leaking a lot of precum and smearing it all over my wife's body. There was so much precum on my wife; it looked like there was already cum on my wife. 

Our hostess then decided that my wife needed to be filled now. She then grabbed a condom, placed it in her mouth, and then put it on the first man to fuck my wife. She started with the smallest guy first, putting the condom on the man's cock with her elegant mouth. The men then knew who was next as she had instructed them to fuck my wife in a certain order, smallest cock to the largest. The first man got positioned right behind my wife, and penetrated her ever gently. My wife let out a gentle moan of pleasure. 

As I sat and watched my wife take her first strange cock ever, the luscious lips from this gorgeous redhead wrapped around my cock had made me shoot cum deep into her hot mouth. A rush had literally come over my body that I had not felt in a long time. My head was spinning all out of control as I felt like I was shooting stream after stream of sperm deep down her throat. This gorgeous redhead never allowed her mouth to let go of my cock as she swallowed all of my cum. As I came off my euphoric high, I notice a second man was now fucking my wife from behind while two other men were each sucking passionately on each one of her luscious 36B tits. As this goddess redhead stood up to go and fluff the other men, our hostess came and sat right beside me and started rubbing her hands all over my body. The hostess whispered in my ear, "My men are going to fuck your wife good tonight, and she will want more when of this when it is over." I could not hold back, my cock got so hard again thinking about all these men fucking her like I have never fucked her before; bringing my wife to a world that I could never do myself. After about 5 minuets, another man began to fuck my wife. For nearly 45 minuets, my wife had been fucked by each man, and every one of them still had a hard cock ready to fuck her some more.

The hostess had gotten up and walked to my wife and released her from her shackles. She said to my wife, "Sweetie, this is only the beginning. Get ready for the real action." With that, she took my wife over to the bed where there were four shackles hanging from the ceiling. She laid my wife on the bed, still blindfolded, and shackled her wrists and ankles up high. My wife was now barely on the bed. Her ass was raised about three inches up and her legs were spread wide. Her arms were standing straight up and her head was resting on a pillow. Our hostess had directed the red head to proceed to go down on my wife. My wife let out a rather loud, "Oh my God!" cry when the redhead started licking her pussy. My wife has never had another woman put her mouth there, let alone touch her.

The redhead continued for nearly 10 minuets of licking my wife's pussy and sucking on her clit. Our hostess had called one man to position his cock in my wife's mouth. My wife felt his throbbing member touch her lips, and she proceeded to take as much as could deep into her wanting mouth. I sat frozen mesmerized by this whole event. I found myself grabbing hard on my cock; stroking it like I was watching a pornographic movie. 

Once the redhead stood up, the man who was fucking my wife's mouth stood up and placed another condom on his cock and slide right into position to fuck my wife's pussy. Another man took his place at her mouth and both men began to fuck my wife at both ends. The man fucking her pussy began to speed his thrusts up deeper and harder. His pace began to quicken and his fucking got harder. He was now fucking my wife's pussy so hard; he was acting like this was the last time he was ever going to fuck in his life. My wife began screaming even louder with a hard cock still sliding in and out of her mouth. Her screams of pleasure filled the entire room that nothing else could be heard, not even the slapping sounds of the man's hips banging against her inner thighs. Just as my wife was about to reach another earth shattering climax, the man fucking her pussy pulled his cock out, ripped off the condom, and shot his cum all over her tits. Just then, as almost on cue, the man fucking her mouth practically did the same thing by pulling his cock out her mouth and spewed his load all over my wife's face. "Oh God does this taste good!" my wife said as he squeezed the last drop from his cock.

I sat in awe as it I had never cum in my wife's mouth, let alone ever cum anywhere near her face. The prim and proper wife that I had married 12 years ago has now become a gang bang whore right in front of my eyes, and I loved it.

For the next hour, I sat and watched the remaining men continue to fuck my wife's pussy and mouth, and allowed each one of them to shoot load after load of semen all over my wife's body and face. At this point, my cock was so hard and aching for a second release, our hostess looked over at me and ordered me to fuck my wife. Without hesitation, I quickly launched up off the sofa, ran over to my wife, and slide my rock hard cock into her wet sloppy pussy and fucked her like I had never fucked her before. This new feeling of my wife's pussy was exquisite to me and I wanted to fuck it so bad. After 12 years of marriage, I knew what my wife's pussy felt like wrapped around my cock, but this was not what my wife's pussy normally felt like and it was feeling great. My wife knew it was me and told me to fuck her and fill her pussy up with my cum. I could not hold back from my wife's demands and took one last thrust deep into my wife and shot my load deep into her pussy.

As I pulled out of my wife, our hostess came over to me, bent down to my cock and sucked it into her mouth. The feeling of this woman's mouth made my body shiver in excitement as she cleaned mine and my wife's cum off my cock. The redhead then proceeded to clean my wife's pussy out with her tongue, digging my cum out of her pussy. Once the hostess was done cleaning off my cock, she then went over to my wife and started licking her body clean from all the men's cum that had covered her body. My wife began to have another earth shattering climax as she had no idea who was cleaning the cum off her body. Once the women had finished my wife, they allowed her a few moments to let her gain her composure back.

At which point, the men released my wife from her shackles, and then proceeded to take her blindfold off. For the first time tonight, my wife saw all the men and women that were here to pleasure her for the first time in her life. I walked over to my wife, and gave her big kiss on her lips and said, "I love you!"