 Jack peered around the corner of his house and watched as the last car pulled away from his driveway. If the driver had only looked right instead of left he would have seen Jack standing in the full moonlight wearing nothing but a raging hard-on. Jack had been this way for the last three hours, naked and bathed in lunar light and lust. He had not touched his erection in the last half hour for fear of losing all control. His time was almost over.

Jack walked around to the front of his house not worrying if any of his neighbors would see him. Lust had taken over his common sense and he was driven by the promise of what awaited him in his bedroom. He opened the unlocked front door and waited for a moment in the dark foyer for his eyes to adjust to the darkness of the house. To his right was the family wing of the house…cozy den with a large fireplace and the empty bedrooms of his grown children. To the left of Jack was the formal wing…large, unused living room and dining area. Directly in front of him and up the stairs was Heaven and Jack began the climb.

Jack’s rigid cock pointed northward and he followed its lead. His bare feet made no sound on the carpeted risers as he slowly, carefully made his way to the large master bedroom at the top of the stairs. Something wet and hot hit the top of his right foot…a drop of pre-cum. Another drop followed and hit his left. Jack grabbed the base of his prick and squeezed hard, cutting off the flow of fluid from his balls and allowing him to regain his composure for a moment. At the top of the stairs Jack paused for a moment before opening the door. He knew that once he entered his bedroom his life would be forever changed and a fantasy would become a reality. With slightly trembling hands Jack opened the door.

Bright moonlight lit Jack’s bedroom like a soft stage light. There on his bed lay his young, beautiful wife. Her eyes were closed but Jack knew she wasn’t sleeping. She was naked except for a pair of back-seamed Cuban-heeled stockings and garter. Her right hand cupped her vagina protectively. In her left hand was a TV remote. Jack could smell her sex. It was heavy in the room. He walked over to the chair next to the bed and sat down.

Lanie’s well-manicured left index finger touched the power button on the remote control and the room was bathed in blue television light. She clicked once more and the VCR came to life also, adding images to the empty screen. She opened her eyes and looked over at Jack sitting in the large bedroom chair, his cock standing stiff and slightly curved. Pre-cum was still beading at the tip. She wanted desperately to walk over and lick the drop that had formed there but that would only bring this night to a quick end. She cupped her sex tighter and turned her attention to the action on the TV set.

Jack watched as two men, both naked, walked over to the familiar figure lying on the familiar bed on the screen. He watched as his young, beautiful wife began to stroke the cocks of the two young men. Both men had cocks larger than Jack’s but that really wasn’t a problem for him. He had long ago become content with his average size. Jack looked on as his wife moved from one cock to the other, sucking and stroking, fast and slow, hard and soft. Jack wondered how the two men were able to keep from cumming. Lanie was a gifted cock-sucker, the best he had ever experienced. He wondered also about the third man, the camera man. Was he stroking himself while he was shooting the video? How could he not be, Jack thought.

Lanie looked at the screen and remembered the last hours as they played out before her on the television. Just four hours ago she had been sitting at the bar with those three men, discussing what she wanted them to do. Just three hours ago she had been leading all of them up the stairs to the bedroom she had shared with Jack for the last 7 years. She watched as the men played with her breasts and cunt, alternating between fucking her mouth and sucking on her breasts and pussy. She remembered how differently each man’s dick felt in her hands and mouth, how each one licked her pussy in a different way. She looked over at Jack and watched more pre-cum ooze from his shaft. His balls were now covered and glistening with the sticky sweet juice. She closed her eyes and clamped tighter on her pussy.

Jack could not take his eyes off the actions on the screen. The on-screen Lanie was furiously sucking the dick of one man as the other moved to between her legs and entered her cunt. He slid in easily. Jack knew that his wife would be sopping wet and neither man would have any problem sliding into Lanie’s slit. The second man pounded Lanie over and over, making it harder for her to continue sucking the first man. Lanie grabbed the first man’s dick and began fisting him while the second man used her like a fuck doll. The camera man moved in for a close-up of the second man’s dick ramming into Lanie. Jack could see the man’s balls begin to tighten and Jack knew the man was emptying his load into Lanie. Jack watched as a cum-covered dick slid out of his wife’s box. He saw the second man wipe his cock clean on the top of Lanie’s stockings and move off the bed. Jack saw the first man’s dick enter Lanie’s cunt and begin his own pounding. Fifteen seconds later he too was filling her cunt with his seed.

Lanie reopened her eyes just as the screen showed the first man removing himself from her swollen and filled pussy. She watched and remembered the man moving to between her stocking feet and using them as towels to wipe the sperm from around his dick. She looked down and could see the dried spunk on the arches of her feet. She watched the TV and saw the camera man enter the picture. He had handed the camera to the last man who came and was taking his position between Lanie’s legs. The camera man easily had the largest dick of the three but that didn’t matter. He had been so excited by what he had been taping that it only took a few seconds for him to cum. Lanie and Jack watched as the last man pulled out of Lanie. Just before the screen went to blue they saw the television Lanie cup her sex. She had stayed that way until all the men had left. She had remained that way while listening for the front door to reopen. She had stayed that way all the way through the viewing of her sexual romp with three strangers. She was still cupping her sex. Lanie turned off the TV.

Jack stood up from the chair and steadied himself before the walk over to the bed. All the blood had rushed from his head and was now pounding in his rod. Six steps took him to the side of the bed. The smell of Lanie’s sex was overwhelming now but he had to wait. Jack lay down on the bed with his head at Lanie’s stocking feet. He saw the cum stains on her arches. He smelled the man’s dick on her feet. Lanie rolled over on top of Jack still holding tightly to her sex. She avoided touching the stiff prick in front of her eyes. She rose up onto her knees and positioned herself so that her sex was directly over Jack’s mouth. Her knuckles brushed his lips. She bent slightly so that her mouth was within two inches of his penis. If she had stuck out her tongue she could have captured the glistening cum drop that clung to the tip. Lanie took a deep breath and fulfilled Jack’s biggest fantasy.

Lanie’s hand moved quickly from her cunt and she sat down on Jack’s mouth. She pushed with her vaginal muscles and emptied the night’s spendings from her sopping pussy into Jack’s waiting mouth. Jack began to suckle her pussy, his tongue going deep inside Lanie to pull every drop of the men’s seed into his gullet. His brain nearly exploded with what was happening. The smell and taste was overwhelming. He had often tasted his own cum from his wife’s pussy and occasionally directly from his own dick but here he was, eating the cum of strangers from his wife’s box. It was too much. Jack erupted.

Lanie knew that once Jack got a mouthful of the strangers’ cum from her pussy he wouldn’t last very long. She positioned her mouth so that when the first jet shot from the tip she could catch it and lock her mouth over his dick. Wave after wave of cum shot from Jack’s dick down her throat. Lanie swallowed furiously, savoring each delectable drop. She began to orgasm, more from the thought of what had just happened rather than from Jack sucking on her now empty cunt. She rolled over and lay next to her satiated husband. In the glow of the moonlight she could see the look of satisfaction on Jack’s face. She could also see the glistening sperm as it began to dry around his mouth. She kissed him and let him taste his own spunk from her tongue. Both she and Jack wondered what the morning light would bring. They both knew sometimes fantasies should just stay fantasies, that once realized they lose their mystique. But that was a question for the sun. Tonight, in the glow of the full moon they would sleep in each others arms and dream of what happened.