 I have belonged to a killer adult site called Literotica for almost a year now and really enjoy reading and commenting on all the hot stories I read, occasionally chatting with other members and, most of all, reading the comments people leave after reading my stories. It gets me so hot thinking about people getting off on my words and my wife.

I always share the stories I write with my wife, who enjoys pleasing herself to my tales, which are often true stories of our times together or of fantasies I have about her with other men and women. I love printing a story and putting in our bed, under her pillow, and having her find it by surprise and then imagining what she is doing while reading.

One day, not too long ago, I was posting a comment on a story on Literotica and noticed a picture of a guy who calls himself Hung College Stud (HCS), who had posted right before me. His image, or Avatar, is of his impressive hard cock. My first thought was an image of my wife straddling, what I now know to be HCS's nine inches. I imagined him sitting in the position just as he is in his picture with me standing right in front of him and my wife facing me with her back to him and slowly lowering her perfect frame onto his cock; first swallowing its large head with her pussy lips, then slowly gliding, inch by inch, further down its length. About half way down she began moaning in pleasure and biting her lip. Imagining myself standing there watching this unbelievable site, I started stroking my cock through my sweats, which brought a sly grin to my wife's lips.

She continued down HCS's cock until she had taken all of him inside her. I couldn't take it any more. With this image in my mind I took out my cock and began stroking myself. In my mind, my wife started gyrating on his cock, balancing herself with her left hand on his left thigh and rubbing his balls with her right – all the while watching me stroke my solid cock to her delight.

As he had worked his hands around her waist and up to her perfect, natural breasts; squeezing them just like she loves, she continued up and down as she rode his length - all the way up and all the way down, over and over again, as her curly brown locks gently swaying; her eyes closed in pure ecstasy. 

I was so horny imagining all this. I felt the cum building in my loins as I stroked myself faster and faster. "Seeing" my wife fuck this hung college stud and "hearing" her moan in ecstasy was bringing me closer and closer to cumming. Then as she impaled herself down on his cock one last time, he squeezed her swaying tits and she yelled out that she was cumming and I shot my load up onto my belly and chest envisioning my wife cumming on HCS's long hard cock and him shooting his hot cum deep inside her.

I have thought about this time spent alone many times. Every time I would see his image on the site it made me think about my wife enjoying it. This went on for a couple of weeks and I decided to show his image to her. I copied a link to where he had posted on the site and sent it to her in an e-mail and just wrote "check this out..."

She responded coyly by simply stating that it "surprised" her and that she was not expecting to see a man's body right there. But I could sense a bit of intrigue in her words. So, over the next couple of weeks I made sure that she saw the image again, whether it be with her being with me when I was on the site or resending her the link.

I was keeping her interested and intrigued for a reason.

I made outreach to HCS because he posted a comment on the Library about how big his cock was and I wanted to know how he determined his claimed length. He wrote back telling me that he measures from the base up on the bottom side. I responded again by telling him that I had imagined my wife riding him, which he enjoyed. In fact, he admitted to reading some of my work and having some fun imagining that he was one of the "extra" men enjoying my wife in the story. What a turn-on!

Through my correspondence with HCS, I learned that he lived in a city where we would actually be traveling to in a few weeks. When we were a day or so away from heading to his town, I made arrangements with him for him to be in a bar that we would be in at a certain time a few days later. My wife had no idea that I had been e-mailing with him or that he lived where we would be going.

Two days later, we headed east. 

On the planned evening, my wife and I did our sightseeing and enjoyed being together. After a nice dinner we headed to the bar, which happened to be in the hotel we were staying at – a nice place with a mahogany bar and a few quiet tables throughout. We took a seat at one of the tables and I noticed HCS at the bar. He nodded when we made eye contact and gave me a subtle thumbs-up while glancing at my wife, who was wearing a classy black skirt that fell just above her knees and hugged her nice ass just right; my favorite grey flannel sweater that so perfectly hugs her natural 36C's and some black knee-high boots with a good heel on them. In other words, she was stunning, as always.

We ordered our regular gin and tonics with double lime and continued talking about the day. I kept telling her how hot she looked and that I couldn't wait to get her upstairs, which made her blush and smile before saying "me either."

After ordering our second drink she said to me that there was a guy at the bar who kept staring at her. I said "who can blame him; you're the most beautiful woman in the hotel." "Which one is he?" She pointed out HCS at the bar and I said, "ooh, a young one, not bad looking either. Take it as a compliment – he's probably thinking about what you look like naked," which again made her blush and smile – a little more seductively this time.

Over the next 20-30 minutes I kept catching her looking over at HCS, which made me envision his big cock sliding in and out of her, as I had so many times before. What was she thinking? Was she imagining this young stud fucking her, or sucking his cock until he came down her throat? I sure was.

One time she looked at me after a long gaze and I said, "like what you see over there?" somewhat surprised that I had caught her and called her on it, she admitted to thinking he was attractive and that his staring had gotten to her a little.

I took that as my opportunity and asked her if she wanted me to invite him over for a drink. She immediately said "yes, why not?" So I got up and approached HCS, pretending to introduce myself and asked him to come over and join us. He immediately obliged and walked over to our table and stood directly in front of my wife, whose face was now at the same level as his crotch, which was a mere 18 inches away. I said, "Dear, this is Dan." And when I looked down at her she was transfixed and gazing at his cock, which appeared to be in a semi-hard state buldging through his trousers. But she quickly gathered herself, introduced herself and asked him to sit down. Dan and I exchanged glances and a grin.

He joined my wife on the sofa on her left and I on her right. We began small-talking and getting acquainted. We ordered another drink and it was obvious that there was an attraction emanating from my wife towards this young college stud. I kept catching her looking down towards his cock. And each time I caught her I would imagine her leaning forward and taking that nine inches out and wrapping her full lips around its bulbous head. 

I was getting so hot thinking about what might happen that I had to make my move. I had a good feeling that she was so horny that she would go for it, but I was very nervous. When the conversation died down a little, I asked my wife if she remembered the image I had sent her a few weeks earlier – "the image of the nice long cock from the story site?" She quickly glanced at me with big surprised eyes and said "yes, why?" as she adjusted herself in her seat and looked at Dan, then back at me. I responded by telling her that Dan was the proud owner of that cock and that I had arranged for this meeting in hopes that we would make my fantasy come true. My fantasy of watching her suck and fuck this hung college stud.

At first she didn't know what to say but finally answered, "tonight?" To which I responded, "yes, tonight, right now."

She looked at me, down at his crotch, up to his eyes and back to me and said, "I would like that."

With that we got up, left money on the table to cover the tab anf tip and headed towards the elevator. Once inside the elevator, she was in between the two of us, and to break the ice, I started rubbing her back with my right hand and her left breast with my left hand, and Dan followed suit with his left hand on her ass and his right hand firmly squeezing her right breast. She responded by throwing her head back and I immediately felt her left hand on my solid cock. I looked down and saw her right hand all over Dan's bulge.

Unfortunately, the elevator stopped and the door opened when we were greeted by two other couples wanting to get on the elevator. Did they see anything? I hope so. A minute longer and I am sure there would have been skin to be seen.

We made our way to the room and I could not get the door open fast enough. Dan had my wife up against the wall kissing her neck with his right hand squeezing the left side of her ass and his left hand up her skirt rubbing her inner left thigh. To be honest, I would have been content watching the action right there in the hall.

But I got the door open and we went in the room – all very worked up, and to be honest, a little nervous. But I had fantasized about watching my wife with another man for a long, long, long time and this was my opportunity. I was into it and so was she, so there was no turning back.

Once inside, my wife turned to me and said between heavy breaths, "This is your fantasy, Dear, what would you like?" I responded by telling them that I wanted them, most of all, to have fun and not to worry about me and hold nothing back; that I was totally supportive of the whole situation and very much looking forward to it. I then said, "Since you both know that I have masturbated to this fantasy more than once, why don't you just get started and I'll watch and then jump in soon.

With that, they came together right in front of me; literally 12 inches away and started kissing. Dan's hands immediately found her breasts from outside her soft grey sweater. He was kneading them six inches from my eyes. She responded by reaching around his back and going up inside his shirt and pulling him tight to her bosom. He then kneeled down and squeezed her left breast and kissed it through her sweater as she pulled his head tighter and looked at me in the eyes. I just smiled in response and mouthed "enjoy it..." She winked and threw her head back placing her hands on Dan's head as he continued feeling and kissing her tits.

After a couple of minutes, Dan lifted her top up and over her head, exposing her perfect soft olive skin and breasts that were still captured in my favorite white lacey bra. Dan's eyes nearly left there sockets as he saw her true beauty and turned to me with his mouth open – to which I, again, just smiled in response to and encouraged him to continue as I rubbed my solid cock through my slacks.

He then stood up and placed his fingers under the shoulder strap of her bra and slid them down over her arms. I was so extremely hard at this point because I love the moment my wife's breast are released and I was about to watch another man release them. Dan then placed his fingers inside the top of the cups of her bra, which I knew were grazing her nipples and made her shudder a little, and slowly pulled her bra down exposing her hard nipples and unleashing her full breasts.

Dan immediately seized the moment and took her left breast in his right hand and her right in his mouth. I could feel the pre-cum escaping my throbbing cock as I watched this young man suck and lick my wife's nipples, occasionally working his way down her belly to the top of her skirt. 

She kept looking at me for approval, and, I think, to let out and show me the exhibitionist that lives deep down inside her. She was breathing harder now and I could tell she was really enjoying herself and Dan playing with her gorgeous tits, and that made me feel so good.

She then took my be surprise and took control of the situation by telling Dan to take off his shirt, which he did, and dropping to her knees. Kneeling in front of him she massaged his obviously swollen cock through his trousers and blew warm air through his pants onto his waiting cock. She teased him for a good while as I continued rubbing myself through my pants until she undid his belt, then the button and then looked over at me before slowly, very slowly she lowered his zipper until his nice large cock sprang into plain view. She then looked at me right in the eyes and without losing eye contact with me she took the head of his young dick in her mouth and let out a very nice moan as she reached up and grabbed it by the base with her right hand.

With that I had to take out my cock. It was too much to bear. I undid my belt and button and unzipped myself and took out my cock. The head was glistening with pre-cum and I began to stroke myself.

She sucked his head and gently stroked him for a few minutes as I masturbated watching his cock fill her mouth as her topless breasts swayed so perfectly with the action. Dan was moaning and holding her head as she began to take him deeper and deeper into her mouth until she had all of him. All nine inches inside her mouth and wrapped by her full lips. I could cum at any second, but I held off. She then let out a long moan as she slid him slowly out of her mouth, keeping only the head inside, before beginning to take him in and out faster and faster, as her tits were now jiggling to her increased pace.

My wife then motioned for me to stand up, which put my cock right next to Dan's in front of her face and she grabbed my cock and started stroking me as she took his length deep in her mouth. I could tell Dan was about to cum and so was I. The site of my wife with a cock in her mouth and mine in her hand was awesome. She really started sucking him with passion and stroking me faster. Dan said he was about to cum to which she responded to with a muffled mmmmhmmmm, which absolutely threw me over the edge. I exploded my cum into her hand and down onto her breasts, which made Dan cum, full-force, into her mouth. She managed to swallow most of it, although some escaped her lips and onto her chin. She took Dans cock and wiped her chin with it and put it back into her mouth and then released him and took my cock in her mouth and sucked me while I massaged my cum into her breasts and around her nipples.

As we all came down from the moment, she stood up and held us each by the cock and told us how awesome that was and asked me if I enjoyed it. To which I responded enthusiastically to by saying, "You're awesome, Hunny." Dan concurred.

She then walked over to the bed and laid down on her back, leaning up against the headboard, topless, but still in her skirt and boots. She looked so sexy with her natural breasts resting there, obviously ready for more.

Dan and I each walked to separate sides of the bed and began rubbing and massaging her from head to toe. I was paying attention to her tits as Dan began moving up inside her skirt. I knew he found her pussy when she let out another nice moan and spread her legs.

It was so hot seeing her skirt raise and move to the motion of his hand on her pussy. With each second she writhed more and more on the bed, holding each of us by the cock, as Dan finger fucked her wet pussy and I sucked on and squeezed her tits. 

Before long, both Dan and I were extremely hard again and my wife's skirt was pulled all the way up exposing her trim pussy and creamy thighs. I was enthralled by the site of Dan penetrating her pussy with two fingers as she stroked both of our cocks. 

After a couple of minutes I took the initiative to pull her skirt off, leaving her totally naked except for her knee-high black leather boots, which were the perfect contrast to her dark brown curls and auburn eyes. 

Once her skirt was removed she told me to lay down on the bed, which I happily did, and she got up in front of me on all fours. I knew what she was doing because a couple of weeks earlier I had told her that I had masturbated to the thought of her sucking my cock as another guy took her from behind. She was setting up to make another dream come true for me.

Once on all fours she knelt down and took my length between her lips. Dan saw the opportunity and began fingering her pussy from behind, kissing her on the back and on the cheeks of her ass. She gently rode back and forth on his finger, as he stroked his cock to the site of my cock in her mouth and the feeling of her wetness on his fingers. She reached her right hand out and helped him with his stroke and I reached down and felt her perfect breasts.

She gave him a gentle tug, as if to say "get up here behind me." He moved into position. Her ass was up and her legs were spread. She looked at me right in the eyes as HCS pressed his swollen cockhead into her pussy. Her lips got tighter around my cock as he pressed a little deeper. She was still looking right into my eyes and I mouthed "I Love You" to her, as her eyes rolled back into her head a bit without losing my hardness from her mouth.  After a minute she looked back into my eyes and began pressing back onto Dan's cock until she had all of him in her pussy and all of me down her throat.

She began rocking back and forth, taking Dan's inches in and out of her wet, wet pussy. I could hear the moisture with each long stroke. 

I had my hands on her swaying tits when I felt Dan's hands grab mine. I removed my hands so he could enjoy her perfect shapes and so I could watch him feel the body I love so much. Her beautiful boobs looked so good being massaged as her pussy was filled with hard cock. I could feel another load building in my balls as Dan fucked my wife harder and harder. She was moaning very loudly and obviously enjoying every moment. She took my cock out of her mouth and started yelling "fuck me, baby, fuck me, Dan. I'm gonna cum, oh, I want you, cum inside my pussy." Dan proceeded to go faster, which brought on, "oh yes, so good, fuck me, so good, sooo good, yes, baby, that's it fuck, yes, my god, so good, give it to me."

By this time, I was stroking my cock, as my wife had move a hand down to her clit as HCS furiously pounded his cock in and out of the pussy I love so much. What a site. Dan was squeezing her tits and fucking her so good as she was gazing into my eyes.

I thought the room was going to explode as she started again, "oh my god, yes, so good, put it in all the way in, yes, so good, baby, fuck my, god I love it, fuck me, yes, fuck me, cum inside me, cum inside me yes, I'm cumming, I'm cumming ohhhhh, yessssss, I'm cumming," which brought me to the edge as she took my cock in her mouth just as I shot my load. She did not lose a drop as she sucked so hard as she experienced her own mind blowing orgasm with Dan hitting his climax at exactly the same time, burying his seed deep inside her pussy. 

Dan kept himself buried deep inside her wet pussy and she pressed back on his cock, gyrating her hips, milking every last drop from his stiff cock – all the while keeping my hardness in her mouth.

After a few moments we all collapsed on the bed and relaxed. Both of us gently rubbing her satisfied body. Every once in a while she would look at me and smile and mouth a little thank you, to which I simply thanked her back.

Not wanting the night to wind down and hoping to get things going again, I suggested that we all take a shower. With that we all got up and headed towards the bathroom. I turned around to on the water and when I turned around again Dan had one of my wife's breasts in his mouth and she was running her fingers through his hair, obviously enjoying the sucking. I immediately moved closer and took her other breast in my hand and then mouth. She had her left arm around my head as I sucked her left tit and her right arm around Dan's head as he enjoyed her right.
