 I owe a deep debt of gratitude to Angel Love (a Volunteer Editor) for graciously and competently taking on the task of editing this submission to Literotica. I'm blessed though as she's agreed to edit all my submissions and I'm going to take her up on that! For any of you out there who are the least bit hesitant about submitting a story, get in communication with Angel_Love as you'll get all the help and encouragement you need to become successful submitting stories for publication in Literotica.

The next four days seemed like the longest four days of my life! Finally, when Friday evening rolled around, Bronwyn and I were chasing each other around like a couple of kids! Once in a while we'd catch one another and just revel in the feel of our bodies touching each other as if it were a totally new and wonderful experience! Well, it was!!

If she asked me once, she asked me a hundred times - "What should I wear?"

We kept scanning her closet for just the right thing and finally settled on a simple black, silk dress. It was perfect, easy to get into and easy to get out of. It was kind of a wraparound, with just one snap and hook which effectively held it all together on her body. The skirt wrapped her butt snugly to about three inches above her knees. The bodice beautifully molded her gorgeous, still high and firm, full breasts. Being somewhat an oriental design, the neckline was high, but open-throated. It caressed her lovely body and displayed it beautifully, especially when we concluded she wouldn't wear any panties or bra underneath it - didn't want to spoil the effect! Yeah, right!!

Because she worked out regularly, she still had a lovely, youthful and slender figure, with ample breasts (34B, if I recall correctly), tapering to a tiny waist and flat tummy, and then blossoming out to a lovely, trim butt, then tapering again down to a gorgeous set of long, shapely gams! Bronwyn's hair is a lustrous auburn, flowing in soft, natural waves down to her shoulders, with bright natural highlights glimmering throughout. In complement, her skin is soft and creamy, flushed with rosy life here and there in all the right places. In every respect, she's very much a woman and very much alive! Her eyes are a deep green. - believe me, she's gorgeous and turns heads in any crowd!

When she got into her dress and paraded before me, I almost jumped her on the spot! Wow! I was so proud of her! And this fabulous woman was my wife! At that moment, I knew I was the luckiest man in the world! She looked sexier and more desirable than any other 42 year old woman I'd ever seen! I suspected this was going to be quite a night! Seeing her ready to go, my level of overall excitement was higher than at any time in my life, if you can believe that!

I was dressed in dark grey slacks and a black turtleneck. I, too, work out regularly and am in better shape overall than many men younger than I, let alone near my age. I have a good set of abs, no love handles, and my butt is firm. Muscularly, I am well-defined, but slender, never having been interested in bulk. Some might say I look 'wiry'. My dark hair has begun to show some grey at the temples, but that's pretty much all that exposes my age of 48.

We looked at each other excitedly as we went to the garage door.

"Well," I said, "ready for a fantastic adventure?!"

"Yes," she said and momentarily flushed with color. She seemed to shiver and I asked her if she wanted to go back and get a wrap or sweater.

She said, "Oh, no, I'm just fine!" It was then I realized the shiver was one of excitement! Hot! Not cold!

I helped Bronwyn into the passenger seat of her Denali and we drove over to Dana's apartment. Outside, parked in her driveway, was a new Porsche Turbo - not bad, I thought, not bad! As we walked up her sidewalk, arm in arm, Dana and Jason emerged, greeting us with pecks on the cheeks, warm handshakes, gentle hugs - you know, the things really good friends do when they see each other, reveling in the warmth of that friendship. I was pleasantly surprised to see Jason join in with a sense of complete belonging even though we'd never met before. Dana was dressed with a tight top which showed off her beautiful, full breasts, but instead of pants, she had on a tight miniskirt, which openly revealed the shape of her lovely, tight ass and gorgeous, long, slender legs. Somehow, I had the feeling in the way that Dana greeted Bronwyn and me that tonight was going to be special in ways I never dreamed of...

As we went inside, Dana whispered, loud enough for me to hear, "Fleet?" into Bronwyn's ear. 

I heard Bronwyn respond, "Oh, Yes! I didn't want to miss out on something because I didn't properly prepare - especially after I'd been warned!" Bron gave Dana a light peck on the cheek and said, "Thanks for asking!"

We settled down in Dana's lounge, chitchatting and generally getting comfortable with each other and this whole 'situation'. She served a lovely German red, from the Ahr Valley, made from the Blaue Portugeser grape. It was rich and luscious! When we complemented her on her choice of wine, she told us Jason had brought it, having obtained a few cases of it when he went to Germany to buy his car. 

My attention turned to him. He was very handsome, appeared to be athletic, neat and trim, in his early thirties and obviously, financially successful. He said he ran his own investment banking firm. When he mentioned its name, I was surprised; not having known the owner of that well-known and fast-growing enterprise was so young.

Well, one thing I knew about him, he had impeccable taste - he was with Dana!

Jason and Dana, both, were taking in Bronwyn! Their glances at her, animated in her conversation (I think, to some degree, out of nervousness as to what was going to follow that night), showed appreciation, no, rather, a growing lust for that beautiful, desirable creature sitting in front of them.

Perhaps, without her realizing it at all, (and I'm not sure of that) as Bronwyn spoke, waving her lovely hands about as she always did when she was excited about something, the hem of her dress crept up, higher and higher. Her legs were not crossed, but ever so slightly parted. Since I could smell her wetness, I'm sure those sitting opposite her (Jason and Dana) could see her engorged, wet pussy. She had shaved it, telling me she felt very sexy when it was like that. I certainly didn't complain. But, at that moment, I thought I perceived a bit of an exhibitionist in my dear Bronwyn...tonight could be very interesting!

I also noticed, in her evident arousal, that the nipples of her gorgeous breasts were hard and pointy, thrusting out and clearly discernible through the light fabric of the silk. The shape and swell of her breasts was also clearly visible. She looked hot!! Dana was licking her lips and had a lusty look in her eyes as she looked at Bronwyn. So did Jason.

Well, whatever would happen would happen. I would support Bronwyn in whatever she wanted to do, whether it involved me or not. And Dana knew that! 

Shortly, as it became time for us to leave for the club, the air was thick with tension, sensuous, sexual tension! You could smell it! It was intoxicating! For a moment, I was not sure we would actually bother to go to the club at all, but just stay right there and ravish each other!

But, then I realized that it was the club, that in some inexplicable way, legitimized such activities and that, if I were to actually be successful in giving Bronwyn every opportunity to express her marvelous sexuality, we had to go to the club.

I 'dramatically' looked at my watch and said, "OK, guys, time to get to the club!" Reality crunched back into the room and we all stood and made for the front door, not without a momentary trace of disappointment flitting across at least a couple of faces.

Each couple chose to drive separately, not really knowing what the night would bring and not wanting to impose the unwanted presence of one on the other, should things go that way. I knew that Jason, well-informed as he was, was fully aware of what he was getting into. He may have already been a member for all I knew.

In thirty minutes or so, we were parking in the club's parking lot. Our conversation on the way over had been nil. Bronwyn seemed to be lost in her thoughts about what was about to happen, but she did frequently look over at me and smile warmly.

The parking lot was crowded tonight, more so than on our previous visit. That boded well, as there might be opportunity for more than the usual activity. Bronwyn noted that many of the vehicles there were of the more expensive type- Mercedes, BMWs, etc. Meanwhile, my heart was racing!

As I helped Bronwyn out of the car, I could see she was flushed with excitement. She gripped my arm tightly, as if she were afraid of losing my strength and protective shroud around her. I whispered in her ear, "I love you with all my heart and soul and will not allow you to experience anything but pleasure tonight. If, at any moment, you want to have things stop and go home, just say the word 'owlballs', and away we'll go! Got it, 'owlballs'! That's your 'safe word', say it for me to hear and we're out of there!"

She let out a great big sigh and looked up at me with those great big, beautiful green eyes. "I won't forget," she said grinning like a little kid, hugging me as we walked to the front door of the club.

We showed our IDs and went to the cashier to pay our "guest dues". That done, we walked into the main room, looking for Dana and Jason, who had preceded us into the club from the parking lot. We didn't have long to look as they came swiftly over to us from the bar, but they had no drinks. That made sense to me. I had cautioned Bronwyn about drinking tonight as she would want her full faculties, unclouded, to be able to fully experience and appreciate everything that happened. She had understood and agreed.


Jason told us the bartender had told them that tonight seemed very hot, 'electric', as it were! 'Anticipation' was running at an all-time high - everyone was commenting they sensed something very exciting and unusual was going to happen! Well, that certainly got the adrenaline going!

Then, Dana said to Bronwyn, taking her arm, "Come on, let's go for a tour of this place!" But then, she stopped herself and said, "No, wait, just stand here and look about the room. See if you find anyone you know, or anyone you find attractive, or anything going on that interests you. Sort of, get your bearings. Take it all in."

Bronwyn noticed that many of the males appeared rich and influential. Dressed in designer clothes and Gucci loafers, they exuded power and authority. She realized the cars outside belonged to them. But, they weren't what had her frozen in her tracks. Nearby, in the corner, a man leaned with his back against the wall. One of his hands was wrapped tightly in the blonde hair of the woman in front of him. She rested on her knees, her face pressed against his crotch. Blushing, Bronwyn moved her gaze on.

A beautiful dark-haired girl in a white dress on a stool in front of the bar caught her eye. A gray-haired man stood behind her, holding her arms raised up over her head, her wrists held in one of his hands. His other hand was softly caressing her face and breasts. Another man had his nose buried in her pussy hidden beneath her skirt. Her legs were spread, her eyes were closed and although Bronwyn couldn't hear her over the music, she was convinced the girl was moaning in the throes of passion. 

"They are..." she gulped at me, her eyes as round as saucers, when yet something else caught her attention and cut her short.

Across the dance floor, in one of the booths lining the back wall, another well-dressed man was perched on the outside edge of the seat of the booth. A woman lay face down across his lap, her pale, naked buttocks seeming to glow with the light above them. His hand kept slapping down onto her bare skin and Bronwyn thought she heard the sounds of the slaps over the crowd. He stopped, and a beautiful, totally naked girl got up and curled herself into his lap, stroking his face tenderly. It seemed to Bronwyn that the girl knew she had been punished for whatever her transgression had been, rightly so and she loved her companion for doing it. Bron's face flushed gently and there was a slight catch in her breathing.

Everywhere she looked; there was some kind of "sexual" activity taking place, and, it was clear; the parties didn't have any concern about being in public, doing it. Everyone seemed to be happy and coincidently, in some cases, in the throes of sexual passion.

She began to relax in one sense, but got more excited in another - her own arousal was rapidly building. She could feel her pussy flowing. Her juices were beginning to flow down the insides of her thighs. She was hot! Bronwyn knew she liked what she saw. Now, she just had to figure out how to get her primary sexual fantasy played out. She knew she was in the right place to do it and the time was now! She feared she might regret it for the rest of her life if she didn't seize the moment, and bring her fantasy into reality, if only for the experience. She knew that if she didn't do it now, she might never do it. And she knew it was getting close to the time that she would have to confide in me what her prime fantasy was, so that we could get it set up and carried out!

At that point, Dana said, "OK. Now let's take that tour - all of us, together!"

I could feel Dana being drawn to Bronwyn - Jason and I were along for the ride, so to speak. But, I didn't know whether that was really anything included in Bronwyn's plans, if she had any. She had refused to discuss her fantasies before we came; perhaps concerned that I might think they were 'weird' or excessive or wouldn't take her to the club if I didn't agree to their happening.

Dana gripped Bronwyn's arm with her outside hand and slid her inside hand around her waist, then dropping it, caressed Bronwyn's butt. Bronwyn did not pull away, indeed, she pressed closer to Dana. At that, Dana began to lightly fondle Bronwyn's nearest breast with the hand which had been gripping Bronwyn's arm, the two of them walking up the stairs to the second floor of the club.

When we got to the top of the stairs and turned to our left, we quickly came to the room where, just two weeks earlier, Dana and I had stopped to watch a couple having sex. They were very creative in their various positions and obviously, thoroughly into what they were doing, with open abandon. It was extremely erotic to see. There were a number of couples in there now, but, with only a few exceptions, were in the common missionary position, albeit obvious they were oblivious to anyone watching them, lost in their passion as they were.

We continued after a moment and made a right turn into a darkened area and after a few steps, saw to our right the glass wall where a number of people were standing, staring intently through the glass and stroking something, themselves or a partner. Dana guided Bronwyn over to the window and they stared into the large room themselves. Once again, the sight of people having totally uninhibited sex right before our very eyes, took my breath away. This was the Orgy Room. We could see about thirty people, each of varying age, race and body-type, involved in a wide variety of sexual activity.

Bronwyn seemed rooted to the spot. She seemed oblivious to Dana's continued ministrations on her butt and breasts. She just stared intently at what was going on in the Orgy Room, her breath coming in gasps and her breasts heaving. The fragrance of sex was heavy in the air!

In the middle of the room was a group of six people on a large bed. Five men were servicing one woman. She was lying down on her back on top of one man whose cock was up her ass, while another knelt over her with his rigid cock pumping into her pussy. At the same time, she was jerking on the cocks of two other guys, lying on each side of her. They were gently caressing her breasts with their fingertips and softly nibbling on her hard, erect nipples with their mouths. Again, at this same time, she was avidly devouring the turgid prick of another guy who was standing over her, facing her, sucking at it fiercely. The woman was squirming with incredible passion at all this stimulation of her body by five men! She seemed to be experiencing continuous orgasms. Her cunt was squirting out a continuous and copious flow of juices which also helped lubricate the thrusting of the guy's cock up her ass. It was obvious she was totally lost in the overwhelmingness of it all, lying there with her body automatically responding to every thrust and continually jerking the cocks in her hands. Every participant seemed lost in lust and ecstasy!

Bronwyn was agog. She stood there, dripping and panting. Then, her eyes glazed over as an incredibly intense orgasm shot through her and shook her whole body. She clutched at her pussy, writhing in ecstasy. She screamed out her joy and were it not for Dana, would have collapsed onto the floor. Dana helped her stay standing as Bronwyn's knees wobbled and her body shook with the intensity of her release.

I'm sure Dana thought she had something to do with Bronwyn's orgasm and maybe she did, but I could see that it was mainly what was going on in the Orgy Room that had pushed her over.

Was this what Bronwyn wanted? Was this her ultimate sexual fantasy? And, if it were, what part would she play and what, if any, would I play? Would Jason and/or Dana play any part? Quite possibly, all of us!

I quickly went over and grabbed Bronwyn and lifted her easily into my arms. I carried her back to a sofa we'd passed coming to this area. I sat down, still cradling Bronwyn in my arms. She seemed lost in some other place. She was murmuring about how incredibly wonderful her orgasm had felt, that she'd never experienced anything so fantastic before...how this was so close to her ultimate fantasy!

Hey, we hit the jackpot! This was it! Now, knowing what her fantasy was, I could bring it into reality! I just had to pin down what she meant exactly when she'd said, "close" to her ultimate fantasy! I knew, from my previous visit, that the owner of the club would help in any way he could, to satisfy his clientele's wishes. So all I really had to do was determine exactly what Bronwyn wanted, get with the owner, and get it set up...well...with Bronwyn's approval. After all, it was her fantasy and she could say 'owlballs' to the whole thing.

Dana and Jason were sitting on either side of us, attentive and concerned about Bronwyn. You could see the love in Dana's eyes and the genuine concern in Jason's. I appreciated their being there.

I coaxed Bronwyn gently. "Darling, tell me what was different about what you saw and what you've fantasized," I said softly, lightly stroking the back of her head, her neck and down her arms. She responded to my touch and began to revive, sitting up more in my lap.

She turned to me, grabbed my face in her hands and gave me the most sensuous kiss she's ever given me. I could feel her passion mounting, climbing to new, unexplored heights. At least, unexplored by her... She suddenly stopped and said, looking intently into my eyes, "I love you so very much. Are you still willing to let me have my fantasy fulfilled, even if it's similar to what we just witnessed in that room?"

I nodded, "Yes, my darling Bronwyn. You deserve anything you want, anything I have the power to give you. It's only right, considering the overwhelming love you've given me!"

Her dam burst! She began to softly sob into my shoulder, clutching me as if she were terrified of losing me.

I held her firmly with one hand while I again stroked her tenderly until she began to settle into a steady rhythm of soft breathing, at which point, I asked her again, "What is the difference between your fantasy and that action which we saw in the other room?"
