 The smell of bacon woke me; or rather, the surprise of smelling bacon first thing in the morning woke me. Without opening my eyes, I knew that Colin wasn't in bed with me. Which meant that Colin, the man who never cooks anything outside of the microwave, was in the kitchen making breakfast. Burrowing deep under the covers, I decided to stay in bed and take full advantage of this sudden domestication. It didn't take long for me to doze back off.

Several minutes later, Colin nudged me awake. I looked up to see him holding a plate full of food: bacon, scrambled eggs and toast. I sat up to make room for my plate, and he offered me a cup of coffee. I eyed him curiously, wondering about this surprising pampering, and Colin grinned, somewhat sheepishly. The benefit of knowing someone for ten years is that it's easy to know each other's quirks. Colin knew that I was suspicious about his motivation, but he didn't say anything. Instead he returned to the kitchen to retrieve his own plate, which he brought back to the bed. I watched his face for some kind of clue, but he merely smiled at me.

Together we ate in companionable silence, me wondering and, from the nervous bounce of his leg, Colin seeming to be working up his courage.

Finally, I had had enough. "What's going on?"

Colin laughed. "Am I that easy to read?"

"Yes. I didn't even know that you could scramble eggs. These are good, by the way."

"What did you think I ate before we got married?"

"Why haven't you been cooking for me before?"

Colin laughed again. "Okay you win. I'm lazy."

This time it was my turn to laugh. Colin was anything but lazy, always doing something or going somewhere.

"Now you have to cook more often."

Colin sighed, a fake exasperated sound, but still didn't offer an explanation for his behavior.

"So, what do you want?"

"I want to discuss something with you. And I want you in a good mood."

I eyed him with interest. I couldn't imagine any confessions that Colin would need to make to me, at least none that required that he butter me up with breakfast in bed. In our ten years of marriage, we had established a habit of absolute trust and honesty. "Go ahead."

"I love you. You know that, right?"

"You're freaking me out a little, getting all dramatic like this."

Colin laughed. "Not my intention."

"Okay, so what do you want to talk about?" Between my innate nosiness and my limited patience, I had had enough of his stalling.

"I would like to experiment," he paused. "Sexually."

"Can you be more specific?"

"I'd like us to try new things."

"Again, can you be more specific? We've tried lots of new things. Remember the new strap on last week?"

"Oh, God, that was fun." Colin sighed.

"Yes it was. Back to your point..."

"I want to have a threesome."

This was a new fantasy revelation. Colin and I had a great sex life, experimenting with toys and bondage and every position we could think of. But we had never introduced a third person into our play. I wasn't sure what that kind of experience would do to our relationship, or how I would feel watching Colin with another woman. I wasn't sure if him wanting a threesome meant that he was bored with me. I wasn't sure what to think at all. I wasn't surprised that he had fantasies; I knew I did. But introducing another person into our sex lives moved beyond mere fantasies.

"Why? What kind?"

He spoke in a rush, "I've always fantasized about being with two women, wanted to see the women together, wanted to know what it would be like to be with two. It's not that you're not enough for me. You know that you more than satisfy me."

I sat quietly, thinking about what he was saying. I knew he loved me; that was something I didn't doubt, but I was glad to hear his reassurances. 

"I think you would enjoy it, too," Colin continued. "And honestly, I wouldn't be able to do it with anyone but you because I trust you." 

I had had a few threesome fantasies of my own; I knew exactly how he felt in wanting to try it. But that didn't take away my concerns.

"I would understand if you say no. I just wanted to discuss the possibility."

"I've fantasized about threesomes, too, Colin. But I'm not sure how I feel about actually having one. We're married. Couldn't having sex with a third person hurt our relationship?"

"I guess it could if we weren't careful. But I don't want to have a relationship with a third person. Just try it the one time. I wouldn't want it to be something that happened a lot."

"I don't know how I would feel watching you with another woman."

"I understand. I wouldn't want to do anything you weren't completely comfortable with."

"Thanks, Colin. I know you wouldn't."

"What kind of fantasies have you had about this?" he asked.

"I want to have sex with two men."

This was met with silence. I guess that Colin expected my fantasy to be the same; by the stillness of his body, I could tell he was thinking about seeing me with another man.

"Why?" he finally asked.

"It's not because I need another man; I guess it's the same reasons as you would want two women. Though I don't care about seeing men together. I would love to know what it's like to be fucked while I'm giving a blowjob. And double penetration, well you know from us playing toys, that I really like the idea of that. But I've never really worried too much about having a threesome because sex between us has always been so great." I watched him closely for his reaction.

"What if we made a deal?" he asked, smiling slightly.

"What kind of deal?"

"We both get what we want. We both get to explore our fantasies together."

"Interesting." And it was because I hadn't told him that I had also had fantasies about another woman, too. 

"How do we pick the third person?" I asked.

"I have a few ideas."

"I just bet you do," I laughed. It was almost surreal to me that we had just decided to bring other people into our sex lives. I looked at Colin out of the corner of my eye, wondering what he was thinking. He was watching me intently, and I smiled, understanding that he was worried about me, too.

"Jen, I love you. You know that right?"

"Yes," I whispered. 

Colin leaned toward me, his eyes on mine. Softly, almost reverently, he kissed me. His lips grazed mine, over and over, as he murmured his love for me. I stroked my hand along his face, so familiar to me from our years together and yet still so fascinating. 

I kissed him back, wrapping my hands around his neck, pulling him closer to me. We lay together on the bed, our bodies snug against each other. 

"I love you, too, Colin." 

* * *

Two weeks passed before Colin and I had our first "fantasy night" as we had come to call them. We had decided to approach a mutual friend, a woman we both trusted and found attractive, for advice and to see if she would be willing to be one of the partners. Lori agreed to our proposal with a smile. It turns out she had had threesome fantasies of her own; she even recommended another mutual friend, Nate, to start with. Colin wanted my fantasy night to be first to make things easier for me. 

Colin was nervous about my threesome fantasy. He had never been up close and personal with another man's dick, and since he didn't have any bisexual tendencies, he didn't have any desire to be that close to one. But he said he was willing, and I suspected he was even a little eager, to watch me with another man.

"Nervous?" Colin asked me as we waited for Nate to arrive.

"A little. You?"

"Yeah. I think I am."

"Still want to do this?" I asked, giving him a last chance to back out.

"Of course. Don't you?" "Yeah. I love you Colin." I told him, as I crossed the room to wrap my arms around him.

"I love you too, Jen."

Colin held me against him, and I reveled in the familiar comfort of my husband's body. I was excited about exploring our fantasies together, but I was nervous about whether things would become strained between us.

"Nothing will ever change my feelings for you, Jen"

I smiled at him, knowing he was right. 

"I think you should answer the door, Jen. Nate will probably be a little more comfortable with you."

"Ok. What should I wear?"

"How about just your robe?" Colin suggested with a naughty smile.

I smiled back. "That's a good idea."

The next evening, when Nate finally arrived, I answered the door in just my kimono robe as Colin had requested. 

Nate smiled as he walked in. "Hello, gorgeous."

"Hi, Nate," I smiled back. He leaned down and kissed me. I was surprised at the ease with which he handled the situation, but then I remembered that Lori had told me Nate had some threesome experience, which was one of the reasons she had suggested him. 

I led Nate into the living room where Colin waited for us on the couch. Nate greeted Colin with a smile and a nod and sat down in the chair.

"You look great, Jen," Nate said, his gaze gliding up and down my body.

"Thanks. So do you." I laughed. "I'm a little overwhelmed, looking at the two of you."

Colin laughed, too. "You look at me all the time."

"And I enjoy it every time," I told him with a flirtatious smile.

"Do you want a drink, Nate?" Colin asked.

"No. I'm fine."

"How should we get started then?" I asked. I was feeling a little nervous, now that Nate was actually sitting in my living room. Fantasizing about something and living out the fantasy were two totally different things.

"Why don't you get take off that robe, Jen," Colin suggested. Colin's encouragement was enough to cut through my hesitation.

I moved to stand in between the men, and I unfastened the belt to my robe and pulled it open, letting it fall from my shoulders to the floor. Nate and Colin both murmured their approval of my body. "You two are overdressed," I laughed.

Eyeing each other, both men undressed. Nate had the same kind of muscular build as Colin, and I watched him appreciatively. His cock, already erect, was not as long as Colin's but slightly thicker. Nate sat back down in the chair and I smiled, enjoying the picture he made sitting naked in the chair and enjoying the idea that Colin was watching me. Leaning over I could see his eyes follow my breasts until I kissed him, my hand reaching down to stroke the length of his erection. I knelt between his legs and opened my mouth around him, tasting the tip of his cock and then slowly sliding him into my mouth and almost into my throat. I stroked my hand along his thigh and his balls as my mouth rode the length of him. Up and down my tongue played along his skin. Nate groaned, his hands tightening into fists on the arm of the chair. 

Behind me, I felt Colin lift my hips up so that my ass was in the air. He teased his finger along the opening of my pussy. I was already slick with arousal, and he slowly slid his cock into me. Without looking at him, I knew he was watching my mouth on Nate's cock. I hesitated for a moment, but I felt Colin's hand slide along my back and rest gently on my head, and I understood he was encouraging me to continue because he liked watching me with Nate's cock in my mouth.

Colin pushed himself deeper inside of me, slowly rocking his hips against mine. I matched the rhythm and slid my mouth along Nate's cock at Colin's pace, going down the shaft when Colin was fully inside me, and back up as Colin pulled out. Over and over, our bodies moved together; Nate moaned beneath me, turning his head so he could watch Colin's cock thrust inside me.

"Jen," he said. I pulled away from Nate's cock and turned toward my husband, concerned.

He smiled at me. "I think there was another part to this fantasy," he said.

Right away, I knew what he meant. I grinned at him, "Are you sure?"

"Absolutely. If Nate's game."

"I have no idea what you're talking about, but I'm game for almost anything."

"I like that attitude," I said. "We're talking about double penetration."

"Excellent," Nate replied. "I haven't done that."

"Neither have we," Colin laughed.

"Put a condom on Nate's cock, Jen, and then climb onto his lap facing him," Colin said.

I grabbed a condom from the table and pulled it from the package. Slowly, and with a mischievous grin, I knelt in front of him again and looked up at Nate as I unrolled the condom onto his cock. Once it was in place, I climbed onto the chair and over his lap, holding myself a few inches above Nate's cock. 

Seeing my hesitation, Colin encouraged me, "Go ahead Jen. I want this, too."

I straddled Nate's cock, taking him into me an inch at a time. Because he was thicker than Colin, I felt my pussy stretching around Nate's cock, and I reveled in the sensation of both pain and pleasure. Once I had him fully inside of me, I felt Colin behind me again. After putting lube onto his fingers, he pushed one slowly inside my anus, and I tried to relax around him. We had had anal sex and played with anal toys several times, and Colin knew how to get me ready for him. As his finger loosened my sphincter, I moved up and down on Nate's cock. 

It was strange to have another man's cock inside of me after so many years with Colin. Even without looking at them, I would be able to tell another man was inside me. Feeling Colin behind me reassured me, though. I was fucking another man, but I knew that Colin loved me still. After a few strokes of his finger, Colin withdrew, and I knew he was using the lube on his cock. Colin held one hand on my shoulder to still my movements, and he very slowly began to slide his cock into my ass. I concentrated on relaxing my muscles around him, but with Nate in my pussy it was difficult.

Nate lifted his head and bit down gently on my nipple; the unexpected pain startled me and I cried out.

Nate looked at me in concern, but seeing the pleasure on my face, he lifted his mouth again, sucking the nipple sharply into his mouth. With his hand he pinched my other nipple, squeezing it hard between his fingers. Behind me, Colin pushed himself fully into me. The feeling of fullness, of having two hard cocks in me at the same time, was overwhelming. I couldn't move, uncertain if I would dislodge one of them. I knew, though, that they could feel the presence of each other inside me, and that turned me on even more. 

Nate bit down on my other breast, and at the same time Colin began to move slightly back and forth in me; his movements were small, but they were enough to rock my pussy deeper onto Nate's cock. 

I moaned, and Colin increased his pace. I knew he wouldn't last long before he came because he loved anal sex and had been so turned on before we had even started. Nate groaned as Colin continued thrust into me, which in turn rocked me on Nate's cock. Nate reached down and pressed his fingers onto my clit.

That little bit of extra pleasure of having my clit stroked sent me over the edge. My nipple in Nate's mouth, his hand on my clit, his cock in my pussy, and Colin fucking my ass: it was all too much, and I screamed as I climaxed. My body quivered, and my legs were barely able to keep me on Nate's lap. Colin pushed into me harder, his climax gripping him, too. The increased pace brought Nate over the edge as well, and the two of them came, their voices mingling as they both moaned in pleasure. Watching Nate come, feeling both of their cocks pulsing inside of me, I felt a thrill of the total power I had over two men. 

Several minutes passed before I could move. Even then, Colin had to help me to the other couch. I had never felt so completely fucked, so utterly stretched and used. It was delicious. Nate left soon after, and Colin and I walked him to the door together.

Once we were alone again, I gave Colin a shy smile. "Thank you."

"You're welcome, Jen. I love you."

"I love you, too." I wrapped my arms around my husband, and absorbed the familiar feel of him, as I thought back over our night's activities and wondered if we would enjoy Lori's company as much as we had enjoyed Nate's.

* * *

Several weeks passed before we could arrange our schedule with Lori for our next fantasy night. I waited for signs of jealousy from Colin, or for signs of his interest in other women. Except for my worry, our relationship stayed much the same. 

The night before our "date" with her, Colin and I laid together in bed, my head on his shoulder and my hands idly stroking his chest as we talked about our day. Since the beginning of our relationship, we had tried to make bedtime "us" time. Every night we went to bed together; some would say that we had the routine of an old married couple. But I found it comforting to know that every night, we would take off our clothes and crawl into bed to hold one another. Even when we didn't have sex, we used the time to talk or cuddle. 

"Are you worried about tomorrow?" Colin asked me, concern in his voice.

"Not really. Are you?"

"No. But I didn't know if you would be getting nervous now that it's actually about to happen."

"I don't think so. I've been more worried about you and how you're feeling about things."

Colin laughed. "And I've been worried about you."

"That figures."

"So you're really okay?"

"Yeah, I'm okay. And I'm a little excited too, " I told him.

"Good. You know, I really enjoyed our night with Nate, but I don't think I would want to do it again."

"I don't really want to either. It was a fun thing to try, but it's not for me."

Colin smiled. "I'm glad to hear that."

"You more than satisfy me on your own," I said, leaning over to kiss him.

Colin kissed me back, his hands sliding down my body. Gently, he rolled us over so that he held himself above me on his elbows. I could feel his erection nudging against my pelvis, and I wiggled against him. I had always loved feeling him hard against me, knowing that I had turned him on, knowing that he would soon be inside me. "I love you, Jen"

"I love you, too Colin." He stroked one hand along my body, sliding over my breasts, pinching my nipple between his fingers. He continued down my body, over my stomach, and further down to tease above my clit. His fingers gently stroked my clit, as Colin kissed me hungrily. I moaned into his mouth. Colin removed his hand and slowly slid his cock into me. Nothing could match the intimacy or the familiarity of having Colin inside me.

Colin lifted my legs to his shoulders and pushed himself deep inside my pussy. I arched my back beneath him, urging him harder and further into me. I had always loved that position, loved the way Colin would thrust himself hard into me and hold himself still, smiling at me as I begged him for more. Colin nibbled his way down my calf to the tender spot on the inside of my knee, where he lingered. He grinned at me, and I knew he enjoyed teasing me. My body writhed beneath his each time his teeth grazed my leg.

I reached my hand around my legs and caressed Colin's balls, squeezing gently as he thrust deeper into me.

"Oh! Colin!" I heard myself cry out. 

Colin thrust into me a final time and held himself deep inside my pussy. I could feel the pulse of his cock as Colin came, and immediately my body broke apart in climax. Beneath him, my body trembled in pleasure. I looked into Colin's eyes and saw his love and devotion for me. And I knew that no one would ever make me feel as complete as he did.

* * *

Lori arrived promptly at eight, a bottle of wine in hand. She was a few inches shorter than me, with long auburn hair and deep blue eyes. I had always admired her legs, and that night, seeing her in a skimpy sundress, I admired them even more.

"Hi," I said, smiling. I kissed her cheek as she walked in and handed me the wine. "Make yourself at home. Colin's in the living room."

"Thanks, Jen," Lori said, returning my kiss and smile. She walked into the living room, where Colin was picking out cd's. I went to the kitchen to pour the wine and joined them, three glasses in hand.
