 I'm married, but have been in a rather dull marriage. After too many months of no sex with my husband I sought a lover. I've been involved in this affair for two years. My lover dominates me to the perfect degree of comfort for me. He has made me his whore, his slut, and I love being owned by him. We have done a little bit of swinging, and things edgy enough to make me crave his cock and stern hand. One thing that we haven't done that I want very badly is bringing another woman into our arrangement.

Finding the right woman to bring into our arrangement is the challenge. Much like many women who want to bring another woman into her coupling I want someone hot enough to be attracted too, but not so attractive that I find her threatening. After all, my lover is my owner, my daddy, and I don't want him to find another little girl. 

I fantasize of being on a trip with my lover and sitting at a hotel bar. I strike up a conversation with a strawberry blonde at the bar showing a bit of leg and a lot of cleavage. She's talkative and telling me she's here on business. My lover is sitting to my left and she is sitting to my right. 

The bar gets a little crowded so we're pushed closer together and the side of my thigh is touching hers. I compliment her on her string of pearls which is a long strand and falls at her cleavage. I touch the strand and let my fingers graze her skin and I lightly caress the slope of her chest as I admire the pearls. I look into her green eyes and see that look of pleasure at being touched; she's a little surprised as I notice she has blushed, but I can also see in her eyes that she welcomes the caress. I press my thigh to hers and yes, I get the response I hoped for, she presses back and puts her hand on my knee. 

I turn to my lover and say, "Dear I thought you were going up to the room to take a nap." He gets the message and shakes the hand of our new friend. She apologizes for not having introduced herself. She says her name is Rachel and I notice her hand lingers in the hand of my lover. He excuses himself and kisses me on the cheek. He knows the drill; we rehearsed it on our way to the motel. He's hoping I'll be up with our new friend soon. 

So Rachel and I chat and she says, "Your husband seems nice." I tell her, "I am married, but he's not my husband. He's the man who takes me for his sexual pleasure and gives me much pleasure in return. I am his whore, his little slut girl and he's my daddy." She raises an eyebrow and gives me a 'do tell more' devilish smile. I tell her it's a long story for another time.

I tell her I love her earrings and touch them and her neck. I intentionally speak too softly so that she doesn't hear me and say, "Your dress compliments your great figure." Not having heard me she leans her ear to me to repeat myself, but this time I tell her, "I hope you don't mind hearing this from another woman, but I find you very attractive and sexy." She gulps her wine and rubs her thigh against mine. I tell her I have to go to the ladies room and ask if she needs to go too. 

We enter the ladies room and I am following close behind her. We enter separate stalls and there is some awkward silence. I know each of us wondering who will make the first move. As we're washing our hands and touching up our lipstick I move to stand behind her, move in close and can feel her ass against me. We're looking into each other's eyes by reflection in the mirror. I put my right arm around her waist and move my hand up to cup her left breast. She makes a gasping sound and then a soft moan as I find her nipple becoming erect and lightly roll it between my thumb and forefinger. She turns around to face me and we kiss lightly. She reaches for my ass and and we begin pressing our pelvises together. We caress one another's breasts lightly. 

I say, "We can be alone in your room or you can join me in mine if you don't mind my lover watching and pleasuring both of us and possibly returning the favor." She says, "Let's start in my room and finish in yours."

Good thing the elevator is empty as we hit the button to the eighth floor. I caress her breasts through the thin fabric of her dress. I kiss her again and this time she offers her tongue into my warm mouth. I feel my pussy becoming moist. Rachel is moaning softly and rubbing her hands up and down my back. 

The elevator doors open and we walk to her room. When we enter her room she says, "I wanted to start here so we can shower alone and get to know one another, then we can go to your room." 

She heads to the bathroom turns on the shower, and the most amazing evening is just about to begin.

Rachel is adjusting the temperature of the water and I am standing just outside the bathroom in the vanity area and ask her if I can borrow something with which to pin up my hair. Rachel's hair is much longer than mine and she also reaches for a hair clip, twists her hair up in a loose roll on the top of her head and secures it with the clip. 

Admiring how lovely she looks, I smile at her and reach for her hand and turn her so that her back is to me. I unzip the back of her dress and slide it off her shoulders. She is wearing a lacy push up bra and matching hi-cut panties, and thigh high stockings the kind that do not require garters.

Rachel turns around to face me and unhooks the front of her bra. I can't help but reach for her amazing full breasts and firmly cup them each in one hand. She moves to my face and kisses me. I break our kiss and kiss each of her nipples. I swirl my tongue over them and they become more erect and sensitive as I release them. Rachel takes a step back and begins to unbutton my blouse. She proceeds to take my clothes off of me until I am in my pink bra and panties. We kiss some more and our breasts press together as we remove one another's remaining undergarments and step into the shower.

Rachel stands under the showerhead and her body glistens as it gets wet. I reach for the bath gel in the corner and the soft mesh scrubber. I work up a lather in my hands and begin to wash Rachel's back, shoulders, the small of back and her fully round ass. I reach around with my bare hands and lather her breasts, belly, and down to her pubic area. Her pussy is neatly trimmed with just a little strip left for me to lather. I put my hand between her thighs and press my breasts against her back.  Rachel turns to face me and begins to wash me. She pours bath gel in her hands and slathers it all over my body. She massages my breasts and gives my nipples a little pinch and tug. She pulls me to her as we face each other and she washes my back and my ass with her arms around me. Our slippery breasts are pressed together and I raise my arms slightly so she can wash the length of my sides. 

We part our bodies and rinse off. I then put my hand back between Rachel's thighs and caress her pussy. I suck on her gorgeous nipples while I stroke her slit from front all the way back to her ass. The water is still running over us and then she lifts one foot and places it up on the edge of the tub. Her pussy parts further and I can feel her labia is wet, swollen, and her clit is perky and firm. I rub her with my entire hand, lingering with one finger on her clit. Rachel moans and pulls my face away from her breasts and kisses me. She then whispers and moans at the same time, "Please fuck me."

I kiss her again as I slip two fingers into her hot, slippery, yet tight and inviting cunt. She kisses me fervently and moans with pleasure. She begins to ride my fingers, rocking against my hand as I pump my fingers in and out of her juicy cunt. I stroke her deeply and press my thumb on her clit. She breaks our kiss and moans louder. I increase my pace rubbing her clit and pumping her pussy with the fingers of my right hand. I then put my mouth on her left nipple and pinch her right nipple with my free left hand. I am sucking on one and pinching the other. That is when Rachel lets out a scream, her hips convulse against my hand between her legs, and she pulls my face deep into her breasts as she cums on my fingers and squeezes them with her contracting pussy. I continue to rub her clit with a little less pressure, and I withdraw my fingers from her pussy and move one finger to her asshole. I toy and tease her ass with her cum on my fingers and continue to rub and press on her clit; that is enough to make her scream again as she cums even harder the second time. I feel her asshole tighten on my finger tip which is all I have inserted, I wiggle it inside her and she keeps cumming and gasping, clutching me as it seems her legs will not hold her up. As her screams and gasps subside into a moan I kiss her. I say, "You are so beautiful cumming like that, I look forward to enjoying you the rest of the night."

Rachel kisses me back and places one hand on each of my breast. She cups them fully and squeezes, then she twists on my nipples. She then moves her lips from mine and takes a nipple in her mouth. She sucks gently and I whisper, "Harder please." She complies and I winced with the pain and pleasure that she was giving me. She alternates between my nipples and also begins to rub my clit with her right hand and has her left hand on my ass.

She then stands up and moves me directly under the water. She tells me to turn around and face the wall. My hands are at my side and she takes them in hers and plants them on the wall in front of me. She puts a knee between my legs and parts them as much as she can as we stand in the bathtub. I have my back to her and she has positioned me as if she were going to frisk me.  She moves close to me and puts her arms around me. She caresses the front of my body, up and down teasing only for seconds on my nipples and pussy. She kisses my shoulders and neck. Melting in the pleasure I let my right hand fall off the wall. She puts her mouth at my right ear, and in a firm voice instructs me to put my hand back up as she roughly shoves two fingers into my cunt. She says, "Your daddy's not here so for now you're my slut and you'll do as I say when I say." She digs her fingers into me and says, "This is how whores like it isn't it?" I whimper, "Yes, please don't stop." She kisses my shoulders and my back softly, but continues a rough assault on my pussy. She knows how to punish and love at the same time just like my lover.

Rachel moves her kisses down my back and continues pumping two, then three fingers into my pussy. I feel her face against my ass and she kisses and bites each ass cheek. She removes her fingers from my pussy and uses both hands to part my ass. She instructs me to step back but to keep my hands on the wall, this forces me into a bending position. 

Then I feel her tongue on the crack of my ass, as she's rimming my hole. I am moaning and begging her to please finger fuck my pussy again. She spanks my ass and says, "I'll fuck you when I'm ready to fuck you, do you understand slut?" 

She continues to twirl her tongue on my asshole and it is making my pussy cream more. She says, "Okay whore, you can take your hands off the wall and turn to face me." She is on her knees. She reaches up with both hands pinches and pulls my nipples. Then she begins to kiss my pussy. 

Rachel kisses my pussy that my lover had just shaved for me that morning. She kisses the top of my thighs and continues to play with my breasts. Then her tongue sweeps the length of my slit and I moan and put my right hand in her hair. She licks my pussy lips as if her tongue were a paint brush (men too often dive for the clit and don't pay this much attention to the whole canvass). I lift my right leg and set my foot on the tub's edge. She then starts to suck on my pussy lips, avoiding my clit. I am moaning and grinding against her mouth as it is driving me crazy. I plead once more using my little girl voice that I use with my daddy, "Please fuck me, please suck my clit." Rachel pinches my nipples hard and says, "Be the good slut that you are for your daddy and I'll fuck you better than he does."

My pussy juices were flowing and covering Rachel's face. She darts her tongue into my hole and makes me moan so loudly the sound echoes in the bathroom over the sound of the running water of the shower. She humms in approval of my response and the vibration of that against my pussy sparks the onset of tremors as I cum on her face. I begin to scream as I am cumming and finally she begins to suck on my clit and shoves two fingers back into my cunt. I am cumming so hard and bucking against her face, she grabbs my ass to steady me and pushes her mouth even harder against my climaxing pussy. I cum over and over and she keeps her promise of fucking me better than my daddy as far as oral was concerned. 

Heat radiates from my pussy and exasperated I tilt my head back and let the water hit my face. Rachel laps up my cum from my highly sensitive pussy and says, "You're such a good whore your daddy would be proud."

She stands up and we embrace. She kisses me openly and I can taste my sweet pussy on her tongue and in her mouth. We press our bodies hard against each other. She laughs and says, "So much for not trying to get our hair wet." And I laugh too.

I shut off the shower and we step out of the tub. She dries me off with a towel and kisses me here and there. I dry her off and thank her for letting me enjoy her fantastic body. She says, "You can thank me after we're done, we still have to go to your room, remember?"

We get dressed, leave Rachel's room and get in the elevator to go to the 10th floor. I unlock the door to my room and see my lover lying in bed completely nude stroking his erect cock. I can tell he has showered and must have gotten tired waiting for me because porn is playing on the television and his cock is obviously ready for something more.

He looks up at us and I say, "You remember Rachel from the bar downstairs?" He nods yes, but makes no attempt to cover himself. 

Rachel says, "Looks like we showed up just in time, can you use our help with that in your hand?"

My lover smiles, moves from the center of the bed to the edge and pats the bed beside him in an inviting motion. 

Rachel turns to kiss me and we proceed to undress each other again.

My lover is on the bed watching me and Rachel undress and kiss as we explore each other's bodies again. Although we have each just engaged in the most erotic shower together, pleasuring one another to multiple orgasms, we are still hungry for each other as there was much more pleasure to be had.

Rachel kisses my neck and trailes her kisses to my breasts. My nipples are so erect as they generally are after many orgasms which she has given me earlier in her room. 

She suckles my nipples and I feel my pussy cream. I fondle Rachel, massaging her breasts, squeezing her ass, and stroking her pussy. 

I look over to my lover and say, "When two ladies walk into a room don't you know that you're supposed to be a gentleman and stand up to greet them?"

He gets up off the bed, walks over to where Rachel and I are standing and kisses us each.

Rachel explains to him that we have just enjoyed each other very much with a hot shower so we need a rest from each other, but would love to show him a little attention. 

As my lover stands there, Rachel pushes him to sit on the edge of the bed and then she gets down on her knees between his. I am standing beside her as she takes my lover's cock in her hands and strokes him long and steady. He looks down at her and then up at me with a look of ecstasy in his eyes. Rachel then puts the same sweet mouth that has just eaten my pussy over my lover's cock and begins to take him in & out of her. My lover leans back onto his elbows half sitting on the bed. 

With Rachel sucking my lover's cock I kneel beside him on the bed and kiss him passionately. He is enjoying a new mouth on his cock and a familiar one on his lips. 

I tell him how much I love him and kiss him as he moans. He lies back on the bed and fondles my breasts. He pulls me over him so that my breasts are in his face and he begins to suck my nipples. I look down between his legs and see Rachel sucking his cock and pumping it with her fingers wrapped around his thick base. She is flicking her tongue on the head of his cock, kissing it, teasing him, taking him fully, and fucking him completely with her mouth. 

My lover sucks my nipples hard, taking them between his teeth and torturing me with the pain that only my daddy is allowed to give me. He finds my pussy with his left hand and begins to rub my clit. "Baby girl you are so wet for Daddy," he says. "Have you been a good little whore for your new friend Rachel? Did you let her play with that pussy that belongs to Daddy?"

I answer my lover, "Yes, she fucked me with her mouth the way she's fucking your cock."

"You're a good girl," he said. And then he begins moaning too much to say much else. He continues to finger fuck my pussy and I can see that he is no longer letting Rachel do all the work, now he is thrusting into her mouth. Rachel stands up and says, "We girls need to make sure you take care of us with this thick, hard cock so I'm going to stop for a moment while I eat more of that pussy that you've got in your hands."

I get on my back on the bed and Rachel climbs fully on me and we kiss while our bodies press together. I can't get enough of her breasts and just have to constantly touch them, massage them, and roll those amazingly big nipples between my thumb and forefinger. We kiss while she lays on top of me and my lover watches. She slides down my body and begins kissing my pussy. She licks the length of my slit over and over. She tugs my labia into her mouth by sucking gently, and darts her tongue into my pussy. 

I see my lover get up and stand at the foot of the bed behind Rachel. I can tell that she lifted her ass up into the air and then hear her moan. I hear my lover say to her, "You have an extremely wet and tight pussy." Seeing him slightly to one side of her I ask him what he is doing. He says, "I'm finger fucking your new friend's hot cunt." I tell him that she likes a finger in her ass too and he smiles and I hear her moan even louder as he obliges my suggestion.

As Rachel eats my pussy, my lover finger fucks her cunt and her ass. I am ready to cum and it sounds like Rachel is close too. Then my lover kneels down at Rachel's ass and he begins to lick her cunt as she keeps eating mine. My lover gives amazing oral so I know that Rachel is enjoying the way he fingers pussy and sucks clit at the same time. I imagine that he is probably giving her ass a little attention by flicking his tongue on her asshole and rubbing her clit faster and harder. 

With Rachel sucking my clit and the image and sound of my lover eating her pussy I can't take anymore. My hips began to thrash and push against Rachel's face as I cum in a wave of orgasms. She keeps sucking my clit and puts two fingers into my cunt and is fucking me fast and hard. At the sound of me cumming my lover brings his cock to my face and begins fucking my mouth. My screams are muffled by his cock being shoved down my throat, he is pumping his cock and I try to match his rhythm. Rachel is licking my juices that gush out of me while I suck up lover's cock. She then moves up my spasming body and begins to suck my nipples and I am pinching hers. Within seconds my lover shoots his load over her breasts and on mine, some cum falls on Rachel's face and I move in to kiss her cum covered lips. She tastes like my pussy and like my lover's cum. My lover smeares his cum on Rachel's breasts and tells me, "Be Daddy's good girl and eat my cum off of those gorgeous tits."

I push Rachel onto her back and get on my knees and lick her breasts clean. My lover is fingering her pussy while I lap up his cum. He then says, "I finger fucked her while she was eating your pussy, but I think you owe her an orgasm. Show her you're Daddy's slut and eat her pussy."
