 This is the third episode in a multi-part story. Although I hope you would enjoy it by itself, it would be better to start with Chapter 01 first so you can understand the context of the situation and get introduced to the characters. This is a story of a journey and is meant to be read in sequence.

I was awakened by a rumbling and a lurch of the ship to find myself alone in the bed. I looked at the clock and saw that it was 8 AM. I walked toward the bathroom and met Kealani coming back. "Oh you're up. I was hoping to get back before you woke up so I could give you your special wake up treat."

She had promised to wake me every morning by caressing my cock and balls with her mouth and hands. What would normally be considered a blowjob but when done by her it became an erotic art form that bore little resemblance to that crude label. "I only need to pee. You get back in the bed and I'll come back in a minute and pretend to be asleep." When I returned she was sitting on the side of the bed. "Since I'm already awake would you mind if we went out on the balcony to do this?"

"Wherever you prefer Mista Eddy san."

We walked out to the balcony and I put a cushion on the deck in front of one of the chairs and sat down. "Come here and kneel on the cushion and do me sitting down." She walked over and kneeled down and sat back on her haunches then scooted forward until her head was just above my groin.

The lurch I had felt earlier that woke me up was the ship docking at the cruise line's private island that was set up as a beach playground with every water activity you could think of. I had a great view of the long stretch of beachfront from where I was sitting. Kealani took one of my testicles in each of her hands and started to gently massage them. My cock slowly started to stir.

After a couple of minutes she had me about half hard and moved one of her hands from by balls to encircle my shaft. She gently squeezed it and then started kissing the head with little pecking kisses. Her other hand continued to caress my balls. When she had me fully erect she moved her hand off my shaft and returned it to my balls with the other one. She then took the head of my cock into her mouth and started to suck and lick it.

She removed her mouth from my cock and looked up at me and said in an affected Japanese accent, "So mista Eddy, you want missy Kealani give you Japanese blowjob or American?"

"What's the difference?"

"A Japanese blowjob is what I'm doing now, it's gently massaging your balls while I suck and lick the head of your cock. An American blowjob is more of a hand job with as much of your cock sliding in and out of my mouth as I can get in there. You can have some of both if you prefer."

"I think the Japanese style will do nicely."

"Good choice, the Japanese blowjob usually takes longer for a man to cum but produces a more intense orgasm."

She returned her mouth to my cock head and resumed her sucking and licking. The way she did it was like a little toothless kitten sucking on its mother's teat. Barely moving her mouth up and down but licking all around the head in gentle little flicks of her tongue. As her mouth filled with saliva she would open it just enough to allow the spit to escape over her lower lip and slide down my shaft until eventually it reached the base where she gathered it with her fingers and used it to rub my balls. I was beginning to see what she meant by it taking longer to cum this way, the stimulation was not so intense but it was very enjoyable. I leaned back in the chair and watched her perform. Her patience and perseverance were truly admirable. I doubted that most American women would go to this much effort to please a man orally.

After about ten minutes of this extremely pleasurable attention she changed the way she was massaging my balls and started to pull on them and increase the pressure slightly. Not enough to be uncomfortable but this did produce a noticeable effect. She slid her mouth down my shaft a little and increased the suction and the licking. Almost without my being aware of it, I started to cum. Not a powerful spurting kind of ejaculation but more of a constant stream of hot pearly liquid flowing into her mouth as if my body knew it didn't need to do anything except let her suck my cum like she had inserted a straw into my prostate. She made audible gulping sounds when she swallowed each time her mouth filled with my jizz. She accompanied each swallow with a tug and a squeeze of my balls until she was satisfied that she had drained them completely.

She removed her mouth and looked up at me. "Mista Eddy like?" she asked in the same high-pitched Japanese accent.

"Oh Kealani, my dear precious child is there no end to your talent? Why didn't I meet you when I was sixteen?"

"Because Missy Kealani not born yet Mista Eddy."

"Good point but I will thank the universe every day for the rest of my life for allowing me to have you in it even for this brief time. You are remarkable."

She got up and walked back into the suite and returned shortly with a warm wet washcloth and used it to wipe my cock and balls. "We need to decide on today's activities now that we've reached our first port. Basically where we are now is just a day at the beach, which is something I can do any day in Miami. So I'll leave it to you to decide if you want to go play in the sand or do something a little more exciting here on the ship."

"More exciting like what?" I asked teasingly.

"Like finding new ways to make each other cum and maybe new places to do it."

"You make it a very easy choice." I replied. "Do you want to get dressed and go someplace to eat breakfast or stay naked and order room service?"

"You ought to know by now that I prefer to be naked as often as possible. I'll go order us something." She ran back in to the suite as I leaned back in the chair and closed my eyes.

"Breakfast is on its way." She said as she returned to the balcony. "They said it would take 10 minutes so I brought some of my almond massage oil back with me."

"And what do you plan to do with that?"

"I'm going to pull up this other chair and sit beside you and pour some of this oil in my hand. Then I'm going to leisurely stroke your cock while you relax and look at the beautiful view. You can play with my pussy if you want."

"That's very thoughtful of you. Let's get started before one of us has to get up and answer the door." She sat down and poured some of the oil into the palm of her hand. I held out my hand and she poured some in mine. Then we sat there and she started slowly stroking me while I reached between her spread legs and rubbed the oil all over her mound and bald beaver.

We played with each other like a couple of kids in the back seat of a car. The point wasn't to have an orgasm but to just play with each other. I had already learned that having sex is not synonymous with cumming. Sometimes just taking your time and fooling around is all the sex you need. Her hand sliding up and down my cock in long easy strokes was a pleasure to enjoy just because you could. She was just as pleased with my fingers slipping and sliding in the folds of her pussy as I was to do it. I couldn't help but wonder why Linda and I never did this. Something so simple that feels this good should be a daily occurrence with somebody you love.

Our revelry was interrupted by the knocking on the door announcing the arrival of breakfast. Kealani volunteered to put on her robe and answer it due to the fact that my cock was sticking straight up in the air. In a couple of minutes she stuck her head out the door and told me that breakfast was on the table. We sat at the little table in the sitting room and looked over the carefully arranged items. Croissant, butter, jam, strawberries, bananas, pineapple, papaya, mango and yogurt were displayed enticingly for our consumption. "Let's take this out on the balcony and eat. We got up and folded the table top down on the cart that room service brought and rolled it out onto the balcony.

Kealani started to pull the table top back up but I stopped her and said, "We won't need the table." I pushed the cart over to one of the reclining lounge chairs and folded the back down to make a level surface and told Kealani to lie down on it on her back. She quickly assumed the position as I told her "Eating off of plates with spoons and forks is not what I have an appetite for this morning." She looked a little puzzled until I picked up the dish of yogurt and scooped some out with my finger and rubbed it on her right breast. I did the same to the other one and then to her navel and all over her smooth, hairless pussy. I then decorated each spot with pieces of the fruit. I knelt beside her and began to suck the pieces of fruit into my mouth and then lick the yogurt off. She told me it tickled when I did it and she squirmed because I kept licking even when the yogurt was gone.

I purposely saved the mango and the papaya for last. I told her to raise her knees and spread her legs. I took a piece of mango and slid it along her slit. When I reached her vagina I pushed it inside her. I bent over and licked the folds of her protruberant labia and then put my mouth over her opening and sucked the fruit out of her. I rose up and moved to her head and bent down and placed my lips on hers and stuck the piece of mango into her mouth. She savored it and when she had chewed it, swallowed it down.

"You can serve my meals to me like this anytime you want. Did you know there are restaurants in Japan where they serve sushi on the bodies of naked women?"

"That's what I'll have for lunch."

I continued with another round and then told her it was her turn and pulled her up and got on the lounge. She had quite a good time arranging her meal on me and an even better time getting it into her mouth. Most of the remaining yogurt she licked off the tip of my cock. "It's good but not as sweet as your cum." She mashed the mango and papaya up with a fork then spread it on my balls and proceeded to suck them into her mouth where she did a perfect imitation of a golf ball washer on them.

When the food was gone we had a cup of coffee and then headed off to the bathroom where she gave me one of her all over body baths which included about five minutes of rubbing my hard cock between her fabulous breasts.

We decided that since most people had gone ashore, we would head for a secluded little place reserved for passengers with suites that had a small pool and a hot tub and was for adults only so women were allowed to go topless. Kealani put on what had to be the tiniest thong bikini in the world. There was just enough sheer material to cover her areolas and her pussy lips. Almost invisible strings held the 'patches' in place...sort of, as long as she didn't move.

She did have a floral cover-up skirt and a very realistic Hawaiian lei whose blossoms covered her breasts enough so she could walk to the pool area without causing a panic, or getting arrested. When she finished filling up a large beach bag with sunscreen and other supplies for lying around the pool we left the room and walked to the next deck up and found the area we were looking for. You had to punch in a code that was on the card key to our room to get in.

We walked through a narrow hallway that had dressing rooms and tiled showers on either side and emerged into a walled area about fifty feet long and forty feet wide. There were lounge chairs and tables with umbrellas on the sides that all faced toward a nice size pool. A hot tub big enough for about 8 people sat next to a corner of the pool at the end. At first the area appeared deserted but as we headed toward a place to sit we caught sight of our unfriendly neighbor sitting in the corner under an umbrella reading a book. She had a one piece swim suit on and dark sunglasses. A tropical hat was perched on her head. I'm sure she noticed us but she didn't acknowledge our presence in any way. Kealani started arranging things on the table between two lounge chairs. After covering the chairs with large beach towels, we sat down.

"I think I'd like something cool to drink Eddy, what about you?"

"Yes I would, but I don't see a bar anywhere around here."

"Not a problem Eddy. You can call the concierge desk on a cell phone and they'll take care of it right away."

"What a great idea, I'll have a Pina Colada." She punched a couple of numbers into her phone and ordered our drinks. "While we're waiting for the drinks to arrive why don't we check out the hot tub?" I was already down to my swim trunks so I stood up to walk to the tub and waited for Kealani to remove her cover-up and lei. As soon as she took it off, our sourpuss neighbor slammed her book shut and made a big fuss to pack up her things to leave.

"Eddy you go on to the tub and wait there. I'm going to try to find out why that woman seems to dislike us so much."

She began to walk across the area to where the woman was now standing gathering up her belongings. I stopped walking toward the tub to watch her. From behind it looked like she was completely naked, since you couldn't see the tiny strings of her thong. I wished I had the camera in my hands so I could record the sight of her gorgeous backside as she sauntered across the deck. Her light bronze skin and her fabulous ass almost took my breath away.

When she got to the spot where the woman was standing she said, "Have we done something to offend you? If we have, I would really like to know what it is so we don't keep doing it."

"I don't mean to be rude, but I just can't bear to see the two of you. It reminds me too much of something I've been going through for the past year."

Most people would have been offended by her remark but Kealani reached out and picked up the woman's hand and looked right into her eyes and said, "You need to tell me about this. Where is all this pain coming from? If you'll let me, I can help you."

The woman was quiet for a few seconds as she stared back at Kealani then said, "I don't think anybody can help me, especially you. I just need to be by myself right now."

"That's not true." Kealani replied in a soft caring tone. "You're putting a lot of energy into making yourself miserable and you've even let it spread to us. You didn't come on this cruise ship to be by yourself. What you really want is to stop the hurting and you don't know how. Please, sit down and at least tell me your name so you can see that we don't mean you any harm."

The woman sat down on a lounge chair and Kealani sat on the one next to it and faced her. "You're right," the woman said "I've been unfair to both of you but it's because you remind me of my husband and the young whore he left me for."

"OK, that explains a lot, now tell me your name."

"My name is Lauren."

"So Lauren what makes you think Eddy and I are in a similar situation to the one you've been in?"

"Well for one thing, he's obviously older than you and for another he's wearing a wedding band and you're not."

"That's because he is older than I am and he is married to someone else but it's a completely different arrangement than what you think."

"How can that be? It looks to me like you two are off on a tryst and he's cheating on his wife."

"You got the first part right but he's not cheating on her. In fact, she's somewhere out there on this same ocean on another ship with a young stud doing the same thing we are."

Lauren looked incredulous and said, "What are you talking about? Is this some form of wife swapping or swingers group?"

"No it's nothing like that." Kealani then proceeded to tell her the whole story.

"That's either the biggest bunch of bullshit or the craziest thing I've ever heard of."

"Well it's not bullshit but I admit it might sound a little bit crazy at first. Ask yourself this: would you rather do something like our fantasy trip where you knew what was happening and where you could do it too or would you rather get blindsided by your spouse sneaking around and doing something that's virtually guaranteed to break up your marriage?"

"Well when you put it that way it does seem a little more reasonable. But what happens if one of them decides they don't want to stay married? What if they get a taste of this newfound freedom and want to make it permanent?"

"That's the risk they're willing to take. If that does happen, at least they'll be a little more prepared for it and they'll know that they can have a life without the other one if it comes to that. Could that be any worse than what you're going through?"

Lauren was silent for a moment then said, "No it couldn't. My life has been a living hell for the last year."

Kealani held her hand and told her, "That needs to stop right now. Whatever your husband did is in the past and you need to stop blaming him for it. And you need to stop blaming her too. But most of all you need to stop blaming yourself. You are the only one who can hurt you now and you are the only one that can change that."

Kealani reached over and took a bottle of water from the table and told Lauren to hold out her hands in front of her and make them into fists. She then poured some of the water over them. "How much water did you get in those fists?" she asked. "Now open your hands and put them together in a little cup." She poured a little water into them. "Do you see? Water is like life. You can't hold onto it if your not open and receptive to it. It's time for you to open up and let yourself live again. You're dying of thirst and you're making every effort to avoid the rain." Tears began to roll down Lauren's cheeks and she began to cry. Kealani moved closer and held her. "That's it Lauren, let it go."

"I want to, I really do but I don't know how." She sobbed.

Kealani turned her head and said to me, "Eddy come over here please." When I got there she told me to sit next to her. "Eddy I know this is your trip and I don't want to do anything to spoil it for you in any way but we have a lost child here who needs somebody to help her find her way again. Do you think we could spare some time for Lauren without disrupting our adventure?"

"Kealani everything you've done so far has been as wonderful as I could possibly hope for. If you think Lauren could benefit from whatever we could do for her then I have every confidence that it is the right thing to do."

"Thank you Eddy for being so understanding. I've seen this kind of thing many times before and I can't stand by and let somebody do this to themselves when it's so unnecessary." Once again Kealani was blowing my mind. Now she was Dr. Phil in a thong. Was there any limit to what she was capable of?

"Lauren, are you ready to change your life? Will you trust me to help you feel better?"

Lauren raised her head and looked at Kealani and said, "You would do that for me? After I've acted like such a bitch to you and Eddy."

"I know you didn't mean to do that. You were just transferring the hurt because it was too painful. Now stand up and let's all go over and get in the hot tub so we can get to know each other better."

We all walked over to the tub and got in. As if Kealani's thong wasn't transparent enough it virtually disappeared when it got wet. Lauren asked her, "How do you seem so comfortable being practically naked in front of people like that?"

"I grew up in Hawaii. I lived naked most of the time. So did most of my family. It was no big deal to me. Then I became a model and most of the assignments I had were for lingerie and swimsuits so it's really my natural state. That's one of the things I want you to do. It will help you rediscover how pretty and desirable you are. In fact you can start right now. Roll down the top of that suit so we can see your tits." She looked hesitantly at me and then at Kealani. "Go ahead, Eddy has seen breasts before." Lauren slowly raised her hands up and began to slide the top of her suit down until it uncovered her breasts. They were surprisingly nice. Bigger than Kealani's with large areolas and the kind of nipples that lay flat against the skin until aroused but would then transform into good size nubs that begged to be sucked.
