 This is the fifth episode in a multi-part story. Although I hope you would enjoy it by itself, it would be better to start with Chapter 01 first so you can understand the context of the situation and get introduced to the characters. This is a story of a journey and is meant to be read in sequence. 

*

I opened my eyes slowly to see Lauren lying on the other side of Kealani. She was awake and smiling as she gently kissed and licked Kealani's left breast. When she saw my eyes open she moved her head slightly so she could suck Kealani's nipple into her mouth. I imitated her actions on Kealani's right breast. This is how we all fell asleep last night after another spectacular round of sexual play out on the veranda under the moonlight. I could feel Kealani's chest rising and lowering as she breathed contentedly. Soft cooing sounds came from her mouth as Lauren and I continued to suck her breasts like two infants.

"If you two keep this up I'm going to cum or I'm going to start lactating."

"Either one or both is perfectly acceptable." I replied.

Lauren then said, "I'm really not that hungry right now so I vote for making her cum." She then moved lower on the bed and crawled between Kealani's legs. Her mouth quickly covered Kealani's bald pussy and her tongue went to work on her clit.

Kealani spread her legs wide and raised her knees to give Lauren complete access to her crotch. I watched Lauren eat Kealani's pussy like it was her last meal, licking and sucking every part of her.

"I thought I was the one that was supposed to receive that treatment first thing in the morning." I said.

"Well I'm not about to tell Lauren to stop what she's doing so if you want your cock sucked you'll need to come up here and put it in my mouth."

I pulled myself up and slowly swung my leg over Kealani and straddled her chest. I put another pillow under her head to raise her mouth into a better position then slid forward until the head of my cock made contact with her lips.

Her mouth opened and I eased the head inside her warm wet orifice. Her tongue began to lick me and she sucked another inch or so inside. Her hands moved to my balls and started softly caressing them. My cock steadily inflated until soon it was hard enough for me to start sliding it slowly in and out of her mouth. She increased the pressure on my balls and her cheeks caved in as she sucked harder on my shaft. I pushed more of my cock inside her mouth with each stroke until it was fully erect. I continued to fuck her mouth with a steady rhythm feeling the head slide into her throat with each forward thrust.

She was making garbled grunting sounds and her eyes were rolling back with the lids half closed. I knew this was a result of what Lauren was doing to her pussy.

"Go ahead and cum Kealani and when you do just squeeze my balls and I'll fill your mouth with sweet cream." In another minute she moaned loudly around my cock and I felt her body begin to shiver. I pulled my cock back until just the very tip was touching her pursed lips. She opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue so the head of my cock was laying on it. She squeezed my scrotum and I squirted hot semen across her wet tongue. I was transfixed by the sight as each squeeze coaxed another rope of cum to spurt onto her outstreched tongue even as she continued to experience her own climax. I pulled back from her mouth. She opened it wide so I could see the pool of pearly liquid I had deposited in it then swallowed the entire load down in an audible gulp.

"I suppose you two think that because the ship is at sea today you can keep me here all day and continue to have your way with me."

"That works for me." I replied.

"Me too." Lauren chimed in.

"OK then but can I at least get up and pee and maybe have a cup of coffee?"

"Only if you let us watch." Lauren blurted out.

We all got out of bed and headed for the bathroom. Kealani sat on the toilet and Lauren and I kneeled in front of her. We both watched excitedly as the hot liquid began to flow out of Kealani's hairless slit. It then occurred to me that I had never watched a woman pee before and it was actually pretty stimulating. When Kealani had finished Lauren took her place and I watched another yellow stream of piss spray into the toilet. Then of course, it was my turn. Lauren asked me if she could hold my cock while I did it and as soon as the pee began to stream out she started pointing it at different spots in the toilet.

"Wow that's really neat. I wish I could do that."

I went out to the sitting room to order us some breakfast while the two women took a shower. When they had finished I hopped in the shower and a few minutes later we were all in the sitting room waiting for the food to be delivered. When we heard the knock on the door Lauren and Kealani disappeared into the bedroom while I put on a robe and directed the steward to set up breakfast on the veranda. When he had left I yelled at them to come on out. I discarded the robe and we all went out on the balcony to eat.

"Kealani you've completely converted me to being naked all the time. It really does feel so natural to me now."

"I'm sorry it took you so long to start. Someone as pretty as you should be seen and appreciated as often as possible."

"What's even more amazing to me than sitting here without clothes is sitting here without makeup. The old Lauren wouldn't even let the dog see her without makeup on. But I look at you Kealani, fresh out of the shower with wet hair and no makeup and I see one of the most beautiful women in the world and I realize I can be beautiful just as I am."

"That's a very sweet thing to say Lauren."

"In case either of you are interested in a man's opinion I feel very privileged to be here like this with both of you and despite the fabulous dresses, makeup and hair styles that you put on when we go out you both are truly beautiful without them. Before we get back to the sexual activities is there anything either of you want to do on the ship today? Remember tonight is another formal dress night for dinner."

"Oh that's right. I forgot about that and I didn't bring a formal gown." Lauren said.

"I've got a short formal you might could wear but there is a dress shop on board that we could go check out to see if we can find you something a little more suited to the occasion." Kealani told her.

"It's almost nine so why don't we all get dressed and go to the dress shop now so we can get that out of the way while we're all nice and clean. We should be able to find you something you like in about an hour."

We headed for the shopping center and located the dress shop. I sat in a comfortable chair while Kealani picked out dresses for Lauren to try on and model for us. After trying about six we all decided on a long midnight blue velvet gown that looked gorgeous on her and displayed her breasts to maximum advantage. Kealani picked out a pair of super sexy high-heeled shoes in a silver color with the actual heel made out of clear Lucite. She told Lauren not to worry about accessories as she had everything else she would need. I didn't doubt that for a minute.

It was still a few minutes before ten so we decided to stop by the photo gallery to see what new pictures we had available. When we got there we saw that the concierge had been right about what he had said the other night. The ship's photographer had put up a display that could quite accurately be called a shrine with mostly pictures of Kealani but a few of Lauren that were extremely flattering to both of them. Not that it would be difficult to find flattering pictures of them but it might be a little hard to pick the best ones. When he saw us he reached behind the counter and retrieved an album of the ones he had put together for us as well as a CD of all the pictures he had taken. When I tried to pay him he said not to worry because so many other people had bought them. We thanked him and told him not to forget to seek us out tonight for some more photo ops.

We headed back to the room and as soon as we had gotten inside the phone rang. "Now who could that be?" Kealani asked as she walked to the desk in the sitting room to answer it. I helped Lauren hang up her dress while Kealani talked to whoever was on the phone. It was a pretty one-sided conversation with Kealani mostly just saying "yes" and "sure" and finally "we would love to. See you shortly."

She hung up the phone and turned around to announce: "Boys and girls it's time to get ready to parrrrrty! Eddy you remember those young hot ladies we had such an interesting time with the other night at dinner don't you?"

"How could I ever forget an evening like that?"

"Well it seems that Alison, the little sexpot with the brown hair that was so fascinated with you, wants to take me up on my invitation to play some more games with us. She and her three friends will be here in about 30 minutes. You're about to be literally up to your ears in more young pussy than you could ever have imagined."

I guess the dumbfounded look on my face said more than words. "Don't just stand there. Go take one of your little pills. You're going to need it." I headed off toward the bathroom. "Lauren are you ready for your first all girl orgy?"

"Ready, willing and able Kealani. It sounds like fun."

"Eddy do you think you can handle six hot babes at one time?"

"I'm willing to die trying Kealani. Especially if you're one of them."

"Awwwh Eddy, you always say the nicest things. I know this wasn't on the list of your fantasies for this trip but I have a feeling you won't mind making room for it."

"Not in the least Kealani. I'll suffer through it somehow."

We put on our robes and sat in the sitting room drinking some fruit juice while we waited for our guests. The room steward had been in while we were shopping and cleaned up so everything looked nice with fresh flowers in the vase on the table. At ten thirty there was a knock on the door. I got up to answer it but Kealani told me to sit down and she went to the door. She opened it and Alison looked a little surprised and asked "This is suite 1408 isn't it?" Kealani said yes. "But I thought you were a blonde."

"I am when I want to be. Come on in." Kealani led the little troop into the sitting room. They all had on shorts, t-shirts and sandals.

"My name is Kealani. I'm originally from Hawaii but I live in Miami now. This is my companion Eddy. He and I are on a sort of voyage of discovery to expand our sexual horizons. And this is our new friend Lauren who decided to join us after we showed her a better way to get over a bad divorce than moping about in her room. If any of you want something to drink we have a fully stocked fridge over there or we can have room service bring in something more exotic if you'd like. So Alison, why don't you introduce us to your friends and tell us what you're doing on this lovely cruise."

"We're all seniors at a small California college and members of the same sorority. We've been waiting until all of us turned twenty-one so we could go on a cruise together instead of doing the more conventional things for spring break. Our sorority has a well-deserved reputation for being extremely open minded regarding sexual activities and the four of us spend a lot of time together. We're all bi and we're always looking for a good time. We really enjoyed our dinner with you the other night and couldn't wait to take you up on your offer to come to your room to get to know you better. I kept hoping we'd see you again somewhere but I guess we just kept missing you."

Her eyes spotted the album the ship's photographer had given us and when she saw the pictures of Kealani in her various outfits she squealed "OH...MY...GOD! You're her? We've seen you every night and didn't even recognize you. I've heard people all over the ship talking about you. What do you really look like?" Kealani pulled the tie to her robe, opened it and allowed it to fall to the floor. Four sets of eyes locked onto her naked body like the laser tracker of a drone aircraft. "Now I really can't wait to get to know you better. How do you manage to look so different and exotic every night?"

Kealani gave her one of those inscrutable smiles and looked at the next girl. "And what's your name?"

"I'm Shelley and I'm on the swim team. We're all athletically inclined. Alison's a cheerleader and Donna plays volleyball and has a brown belt in Karate. Emily's our intellectual although she does a lot of running but not on a team. I must tell you that the orgasm I had the other night when you and Eddy were watching us was one of the most intense I've ever had. There's just something about you that radiates sexual energy. I could hardly take my eyes off you."

"Be careful Shelley. The closer you get to her the more you're going to feel like that."

"Eddy now don't scare her. I promise I'll be gentle with you Shelley."

"Oh I'm not scared Kealani. Just fascinated...and eager."

"So Donna you play volleyball. Stand up and let's take a look at you." Kealani addressed the third girl. Donna stood and both Kealani and I were a little surprised that we hadn't really noticed how tall she was.

"I'm six-one." She said in answer to the obvious unspoken question on our faces.

"Emily how did you get mixed up with these jocks?" Kealani asked the fourth girl who was staring at Kealani's naked body like a deer in the headlights.

"I may not have quite as perfect a body as these girls but they don't have a 4.0 grade point like I do. And I can match their sex drive any day of the week. I find intelligence to be an invaluable sexual asset and I look for it in my partners. Also Donna has helped me with an unpleasant problem I had with an ex-boyfriend so she and I have become good friends."

"I recommend everyone get naked so we can begin the festivities." Kealani said.

"Not so fast." I said. "There are a couple of things that I'd like to say before we get started. The first thing is a question: Do any of you have an objection to a video recording being made of what we do here today? Before you answer let me assure you that these recordings are exclusively for my personal use and there will be no copies made of them. They will never be shown to anybody else nor will any part of them ever be transmitted to the Internet."

Alison spoke for the group, "Eddy we don't know you very well but you probably have as much to lose from videos of you in an orgy as we do so I trust you and as far as I'm concerned I hope you have fond memories of us when you watch them in the future. Besides there are more than a few pictures of us naked that we've taken of each other at our little parties at the sorority house so a few more won't make that much difference."

"OK that's settled. You may notice the cameras set up inside and on the veranda so just ignore them for the most part unless you want to use one to do some close-ups of some of the action. Just put it back when you're finished if you do."

"Secondly I would like to ask all of you to refrain from taking your clothes off and line up here so I can undress you one by one. This would mean a great deal to me because I haven't had the pleasure of doing this to a beautiful young woman in a very long time and because I consider unveiling a woman's body to be almost a sacred rite. It's an experience that happens only once in the lifetime of the two involved in it and I would like to savor the experience of doing it to you."

"Wow. I've never had a man pay me such a wonderful compliment. I'd be honored to be the first." Alison said as she walked to stand in front of me.

I kissed her and said, "Thank you Alison I really appreciate this." I reached for the bottom of her t-shirt and slowly pulled it up as she raised her arms. When I pulled it over her head I saw a lacy pink bra. "Does that bra match your panties?"

"Yes."

"Then I'll save that for later."

I unbuttoned her shorts and slowly pulled the zipper down. I put my thumb and index finger on the bottom of the shorts and gently drew them down. She moved her hips from side to side and they slipped off. I grabbed the waistband and held them while she stepped out of them. I dropped to my knees and looked at her in her matching pink lace bra and panties. "You're gorgeous Alison." I kissed her breasts above the bra and reached around to her back to undo the clasp. When it was free I brushed the straps from her shoulders and let it fall to the floor.

I kissed her right nipple and sucked it into my mouth then did the same to the left one. "Fabulous, simply fabulous. Now Alison it's time for the final reveal." I put my hands on her hips and slipped my thumbs under the elastic band of her panties and as slowly as I could, I slid them down. I stopped when the top of the waistband was just above her mound. I kissed her navel and slid my tongue over her stomach and down to the top of the panties. I pulled them down a little more expecting to see the beginning of her pubic hair but soon realized she didn't have any. When her slit was fully exposed I put my mouth just above it and kissed her then inhaled deeply. "Inhaling the fragrance of a woman's sex for the first time is the most intoxicating thing a man can do. Every woman is different and I will never forget this." I slid the panties to the floor and she stepped out of them.

"Eddy that is the most incredibly intimate and wonderful thing any man has ever done for me. I can't tell you how impressed I am. Be assured that I will never forget this either."

I stood and moved over to face Shelley and repeated the process I had just performed for Alison. When I pulled her panties down and inhaled her hairless pussy, she asked me what her fragrance reminded me of. "Pure golden honey with cedar and musk."

"My God Eddy you've given me goose bumps. That is such an incredibly sweet thing to do to a woman. I'm going to make it a point to instruct everybody I'm ever going to be in this situation with to perform this wonderful ritual."

Donna was next. When I finished undressing her I had to take a step back to take in all of her. "You are magnificent. An Amazon with the body of a goddess." She was stunning. The quintessential California blonde with long shapely legs toned to perfection by the exercise she got from playing volleyball. Her hips were full and curvy, her stomach flat and taut and her pussy completely bald with no tan lines. I felt my cock give a little twitch at the sight of her.

Kealani came over and stood in front of her. "Wow you are a long cool drink of water." She ran her hands over her breasts and down her sides to her ass. "I've never seen God put so much beauty in one place before." Donna blushed at the compliment but exhibited no embarrassment at being totally naked in front of all of us despite our looking at her like she was a drumstick at a Thanksgiving dinner.

Emily seemed a little reluctant to let me undress her. She looked shy and inhibited. Nevertheless she acquiesced to it and I could see no reason for it. Her breasts were perfect for her size with areolas a beautiful shade of rosy pink and nice sized nipples. I liked the way her tits swayed when she bent slightly to step out of her shorts. Her girlish body may not have been as spectacular as Donna's but she had all the right equipment in the right places. Including another bald beaver.

I asked, "Is it a requirement of your sorority to remove your pubic hair?"

Emily answered, "It's not a requirement but most of the women do. Alison is a cheerleader so when she's in front of a crowd kicking her legs up she really can't have a line of hair on either side of her panties. Shelley's on the swim team and removes every hair on her body because the whole team thinks it helps them swim faster. Donna plays volleyball in a thong so you can practically see everything between her legs when she's playing. I did it because they all looked so sexy and I really like the way if feels. We have waxing parties every week or so and do each other."
