 This is the sixth episode in a multi-part story. Although I hope you would enjoy it by itself, it would be better to start with Chapter 01 first so you can understand the context of the situation and get introduced to the characters. This is a story of a journey and is meant to be read in sequence.

*

A slight bump and the revving of the port side thrusters awakened me to the fact that we had docked in Cozumel, a lovely island on the coast of Mexico near Cancun. I opened my eyes and saw Kealani's beautiful body lying next to me and Cozumel and the rest of the world became completely irrelevant to me. Here was where I wanted to be, next to someone I was deeply in love with.

We had spent the last five days cruising the Caribbean while we indulged my fantasy of wanting to have as much sex with a beautiful Asian woman as I possibly could. It might seem rather naïve to think that we could do that without developing feelings for each other but we thought we could keep this strictly impersonal, like taking golf lessons. Now that I had spent five days with her in an intensive sexual boot camp I realized the impossibility of anybody being able to avoid falling in love with her after being that close and intimate with her for that long.

What I really didn't expect was her falling in love with me. Despite many opportunities, she had told me that she never really felt like she had been head over heels in love with anybody. Until last night. An announcement at a crowded cocktail party proclaimed us the winner of an unofficial contest for being the couple that appeared to be the most in love with each other on a cruise ship with over 4,000 people on it.

Our lying here together in bed this morning confirmed that this was indeed the case. We had been forced to confront it and we had both surrendered to it. And it felt wonderful. It was the best night's sleep of the cruise so far although having sex with five other women yesterday may have had a little something to do with it. I rolled on my side to face her and began to softly kiss her forehead and her eyelids. She stirred and stretched.

"Where are we?"

"We're right where we're supposed to be. With each other."

She opened her eyes, smiled and turned to face me then wrapped her arms around me and kissed me full on the lips. "Yes we are aren't we."

"Is there anything we should do in Cozumel?"

"Only one thing if you really like excellent Mexican food. Otherwise I'm sure we can find something better to do."

"Actually I do like Mexican food and it's very hard to find anything good where I live."

"In that case we can slip away at lunch and go to a little cantina not far from the dock and have some of the best Mexican food I've ever tasted."

"So you've been here before?"

"Once on a shoot for about three days. We spent one day on the other side of the island, which is practically deserted. You would have liked that assignment. I was one of fourteen lovely young women posing mostly naked for a calendar."

"Don't calendars have twelve months in them?"

"This one had a January for the next year and December had two young ladies posing in their Christmas thongs. They were twins actually. I'll bet you would have liked them."

"Kealani you have the most marvelous propensity for attracting women who are willing to get naked with you. I'm truly envious of that ability."

"Well Eddy you just hang around me and you'll get the benefit of that talent." She reached down and wrapped her hand around my cock. "I don't think all of you is quite fully awake yet. Would you like me to do something about that?"

"Oh yes. I'd like that very much."

She slid down until her face was in front of my cock then placed her lips on the tip and very slowly sucked the head into her warm wet mouth. Her hands found their way to my scrotum and began to fondle my balls. Her tongue licked the head of my cock while she rolled each testicle with the fingers of one of her hands. She didn't move her head so as my cock stiffened it pushed further into her mouth. I tried to resist in order to prolong the sensations but in a couple of minutes my cock was fully erect and completely engulfed inside her mouth and throat.

She still did not move her head but continued to massage my balls knowing this was something that I really loved having her do. If I lay there and did nothing she would make me cum simply by doing this so I bowed to the inevitable and began to slide my cock in and out of her mouth. A few minutes of gently fucking her mouth was all it took to produce that unmistakable feeling of an impending ejaculation.

She knew it as soon as I did and increased the suction on my cock and the pressure on my balls. I put my hand on the back of her head and said, "Now baby." She pushed her head forward to take every inch of me down her throat and I began to spurt hot cum into her esophagus. Her ability to reflexively swallow each jet without gagging was truly amazing as she drained every drop of semen out of me.

"When you do that to me the orgasm I have is unlike any other. At first I thought it was just practiced technique along with your innate ability but I realize now that you do it because you love it as much as I do and because you love me, and that transforms the act from being merely sexual into something that is spiritual and transcendental. You make me feel like I'm a mother giving milk to an infant and it fills my heart with so much love I think it might explode."

"Oh Eddy this is why I love you. You make everything we do together a spiritual experience. I feel your joy in what I do for you and it comes back to me with pure love and gratitude and it takes me to the same place you are. And there, for a moment, we are not two. I never knew anything could be so beautiful."

We heard the door to the suite open and Lauren yelled, "Yoo-hoo, anybody home?"

"We're in the bedroom Lauren." I yelled back.

She walked in and looked at us and said, "Did I interrupt anything? If I did I hope we can all resume whatever it was you were doing."

"I just finished giving Eddy his morning oral refreshment. How did things go with your boy toy last night?"

"Perfect, for both of us. I really couldn't tell you who had the most fun. Now I know what you felt like yesterday Eddy. Those young folks really have stamina. We fucked until 3 in the morning."

"Lauren come over here, take that robe off and get in the bed with us." Lauren practically stripped in mid-air as she jumped for the bed. "Now spread those legs so I can taste that young cock on your warm pussy." Lauren lay back in my arms and spread her legs for Kealani to feast on her cunt. I began to caress her tits and pinch her nipples.

"Oh God you two, I've just spent half the night in a sexual marathon and you're starting on me again."

"In case you haven't noticed Lauren both of us happen to love you and can't get enough of you. So you're just going to have to put up with this until you get off the ship."

"Oh Eddy I love both of you too. I mean I really do. I love you more than I loved my husband. Do what you will with me. I can't think of a better way to die if I have to."

Kealani stopped her oral assault on Lauren's crotch and told her, "Tell us about Rodney. I want details."

"Oh Kealani he is the sweetest young man I've ever known. He was so patient and attentive to what I told him we were going to do. I started off by telling him to take his tux off and hang it up so it wouldn't get wrinkled. He was in too much of a hurry so I told him to slow down because I really liked watching him get undressed for me. When he finally pulled his shorts down his cock sprang out in full erection. It was very impressive and I told him so.

Then I told him to come over and sit on the bed. I turned my back to him and told him to undo the hook at the top and pull the zipper down. When he had done that I turned around to face him and lowered the top of the dress so he could see my boobs. I asked him if he liked them and he shook his head and said he thought they were beautiful. Oh Jesus Kealani YES! Keep doing that.

I took my dress off and carefully laid it on a chair then stood back and told him to just take his time and look at me and to tell me what he thought. He told me he had looked at a lot of naked women on the Internet but I was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. His cock was rock hard and stood straight out in front oh him. He made an attempt to push it down but I told him his cock was beautiful and to be proud of his erection and looking at it was making me very aroused.

He asked me if I would leave my stockings on and I said if he wanted them on they could stay. I walked up to him and told him to feel my breasts and suck on them. He did it so carefully it felt like I was nursing my son again. God it made me so hot. When he had both nipples hard as rocks I told him to kiss his way down to my pussy and to take a deep breath when he got there. Eddy you are so right about what you said. The first time a man smells your pussy is an incredible experience if you take the time to savor the moment. His reaction was priceless. He inhaled it like it was perfume then looked up at me and asked if he could touch me. My knees got weak when he said that. I told him to go ahead but to go very slowly and really feel me. Oh Kealani that feels so fucking good. You're making my pussy throb."

"Keep telling me about Rodney Lauren."

"He used his fingers and gently traced them over every part of my crotch. I spread my legs and guided him by telling him where to touch me. I was shaking with anticipation with every direction I gave him. He had that same look on his face that Eddy gets when he's looking at you, almost as though he were hypnotized. He rubbed and pulled on my inner lips, stretching them and gently pinching them. When he put his finger on my clit I had to tell him to stop. If he had kept it up for ten more seconds I would have cum."

"I told him to lie back on the bed. He did and his cock stood straight up in the air. I straddled his hips and stood on my knees with my pussy a few inches above his cock. I told him I was going to put his beautiful hard cock inside me and then I was going to fuck him. His eyes widened and he smiled. I lowered myself down. I was so wet and he was so hard I didn't even have to use my hand to guide him. I impaled myself on his cock and sank down on it completely. I paused for a few seconds and then began to fuck him. We never took our eyes off each other and in a few minutes I felt him swell up inside me and we both came."

"Just like you're making me do right now Kealani! OH, OHH, OHH YES keep sucking my clit. OHHHHWEEEEE YES." Lauren's hips bucked up to push her clit harder against Kealani's mouth as she shuddered in another orgasm. "Jesus Kealani I didn't believe I could cum again after last night. You're unbelievable."

"Quit underestimating your sexual prowess Lauren. The day is young and we're just getting started. Besides, nobody has ever overdosed on orgasms."

"I think I could be the first."

"We'll be very happy to help you try." I told her.

"Can we at least get some breakfast first and a shower. I must smell like a street hooker."

"OK let's get cleaned up and then I think we should go to the dining room and see what they have for breakfast. We haven't done that and it will give Maria time to make up the room."

On the way to the dining room Kealani wanted to stop by the concierge desk. When we got there she asked him, "Would you please be so kind as to notify one of the dancers in the show last night and tell her that I'm on board and would very much like to say hello to her."

He replied, "Employees of the ship are not encouraged to fraternize with the passengers."

"Do you consider giving her a message to be fraternizing? I know her quite well because I worked with her for a week in Las Vegas last summer. Employees are allowed to go ashore are they not?"

"Yes they are."

"Well if you'll give her my room number and my cell phone number and she arranges to meet me on shore then you haven't really broken any rules have you?"

"Of course, I will see to it immediately." Like he could refuse to do anything Kealani asked him.

"So that's what the little outburst was last night. Let me guess, when you say you know her quite well does that mean..."

"It means I know her very well Eddy and if she gets that message then you will too." Apparently the concierge did as Kealani asked him to because her cell phone rang as we were finishing breakfast. She reached in her handbag and fished it out and clicked the answer button. "This is Kealani." "Mandy it is you! I couldn't believe it last night when I saw the show." She went on to make arrangements to meet at the cantina on shore at noon. "Eddy I'm sure you noticed the statuesque redhead with the beautiful boobs last night. That was Amanda Prescott from London and I spent a week in Las Vegas doing a modeling assignment for a hotel where she was dancing. Each model got paired with one of the dancers for the photos and to room with. We became very good friends."

"Kealani is it your intention for us to have sex with everybody on this ship?"

"If you can arrange for us to stay on here long enough I'm sure I could make that happen."

I didn't doubt that she probably could. "In the meantime why don't we go back to the room and see if we can squeeze a few more orgasms out of Lauren. I'm about ready for a couple myself."

"Kealani you are trying to kill me aren't you?"

"Not at all Lauren, I'm trying to make every moment we have a moment to remember. We may never have this chance again. By the way Lauren where's Rodney today?"

"He had to go ashore with his parents to do some sightseeing and shopping but he did ask me to have dinner with him tonight."

"Oh I see. This is getting serious is it?"

"Rodney is a very nice young man and has the potential to be a very good lover. I wouldn't mind another session with him and I'm sure he'd be up for it. Besides, now that you and Eddy have admitted you're in love don't you want to spend some time with each other without distraction?"

"If Mandy doesn't have to work tonight Eddy will be plenty distracted."

"All the more reason you don't need a third female for him to take care of."

"You could always bring him over to meet Eddy and me you know."

"Rodney isn't ready for an orgy yet. You and Mandy may be too much for him at his tender age."

We headed back to the room where Kealani announced that we would have enough time for a nice sensual massage, only this time she wanted to be on the receiving end. "Lauren you remember some of the things we did to you the other day don't you?"

"I sure do and I'd be very happy to do them to you." We got out the massage oil and pulled the blanket and top sheet off the bed so Kealani could lie down on it. After we all got naked, Lauren and I started her massage. Lauren started on her back and shoulders while I did her feet and legs.

With all that had been happening the last few days I hadn't been able to spend a lot of time with Kealani and I was glad to have the chance to devote an hour to making her feel good. I poured some oil on my hands and started massaging her feet. "Ummmmh Eddy that feels wonderful. I love to have my feet massaged."

Lauren was straddling her hips and rubbing her neck and shoulders. "Kealani you're so right about making every moment memorable. The more I get to have my hands on your beautiful body the more I love you. I'm already getting wet feeling your warm luscious butt rubbing against my pussy. When I think about it, I still find it hard to believe I'm saying that to another woman but it feels so right to me now."

"Don't think about it Lauren, just do it. Love isn't an idea it's an emotion and ultimately it's a state of being. You can't make sense of it you can only let yourself be in it. This is new to me too. I've had feelings for women and men before but I've never felt so in love with anybody as I do with you and Eddy. I'll remember what you and I shared the other night on the veranda for the rest of my life. We are all extremely fortunate to have found each other."

I was about finished with her feet and calves so I told Lauren to get on one side and I would get on the other so we could massage her thighs and butt. That way she could get a double dose of rubbing at the same time. We poured some more oil on her legs and began rubbing her thighs. We took turns moving our hands from her knees up to her butt and kneading her butt cheek and hip before sliding our hands back down. Her deep breathing told us she was really enjoying it. After about 20 minutes I told her to turn over so we could work on her face up.

We stayed on either side of her and started on her neck and shoulders then worked our way down to her arms. When it was time for her breasts we each began to lick and kiss all around them until we fastened our mouths on her nipples. Both of us continued to suck and lick her while our hands caressed her. She was moaning softly and pushing her chest up so our mouths could cover more of the soft mounds.

"Oh my sweet gentle lovers you make me feel so good."

I slid down and parted her legs and lay between them so I could use my tongue on her pussy. As soon as it touched her she pulled her legs up and opened them wide. I licked her with long broad laps from her anus to her clit. She was hot and already wet. A subtle change was occurring inside me. I was no longer doing this with the intention of turning her on but only as a way to express how much I loved her. Reveling in the way she felt, the way she smelled and tasted. Transferring love to every fold, crease and wrinkle of her. She was receiving it the same way. Every nerve ending transmitting love throughout her nervous system so her whole body became a reservoir for it.

I was kissing the lips of her pussy more than stimulating them. I looked up and saw that Lauren was doing the same to her mouth. Her tongue sliding softly into Kealani's as she poured passion into her. I pulled back and crawled up the bed and told Kealani to turn on her left side to face Lauren. I raised her right leg up and positioned the tip of my hard cock at the entrance to her vagina and eased it in slowly but firmly until it was fully enfolded in her warm wet embrace. I lowered her leg and felt the top of her thighs press against my balls then gently began to slide in and out of her.

Lauren pressed herself against the front of her body and put her left arm over both of us. Their breasts flattened against each other. Her mouth returning to Kealani's to continue the sweet loving kissing she had been doing to her. Kealani was now sandwiched between two people who adored her and whose every action had become a form of devotion to her beautiful body and spirit. She was totally passive and receptive to every movement. She had become an empty vessel devoid of desire and expectations, waiting for us to fill her with love. Lauren and I knew that it was now our only reason for being.

I no longer felt like I was having sex. I felt like I was floating, allowing my body to run on autopilot while I simply enjoyed the sensations. I kissed the back of her neck and inhaled the fragrance of her hair and felt warm flushes sweep over my body in waves. I could tell from the almost imperceptible sounds coming from them that they were both feeling the same thing. Kealani's hand was on Lauren's ass sliding over it like she was petting a cat.

We continued for sometime in this blissful fog until finally she pulled Lauren tightly to her and I felt her muscles lightly tense as if she were stretching. She let out a long sigh and softly said, "Come with me my darlings." I felt her vagina squeeze and then throb around my cock. Without even thinking about it I began to release my semen into her in what felt like a long continuous flow rather than spurts.
