 This is the eighth episode in a multi-part story. It is the first chapter of Linda's cruise with Bradley. If you are interested in how the idea for these cruises began, you should read Chapter 01 first (at least up to the point where Linda gets off the shuttle) so you can see how these cruises started and get introduced to the characters. I encourage you to do that. For those of you who have already read the first seven chapters, thank you for your patience and your comments regarding Linda's cruise. I hope you enjoy the journey. 

***** 

* SUNDAY 

I stood at the curb while the shuttle driver unloaded my luggage. I told him my husband would tip him at the next stop and he got back in and I watched as it pulled away and headed for Ed's terminal. Suddenly I got a strange feeling that maybe these cruises weren't such a good idea after all. I hadn't been on a vacation without Ed in 27 years of marriage and now here I was going away with somebody I had never even met face to face for a week of sex. What if I didn't like the way he touched me or what if he didn't like having sex with a fifty-year-old woman? 

More importantly, it really hit me that I was sending the person I loved off with a gorgeous, exotic, sexy model more than 20 years younger than me. Did I have some unconscious death wish for our marriage? What was I thinking? Before I could go into a full-fledged panic attack I heard a voice call my name. 

"Linda, hello it's me Bradley." 

He was walking toward me with a porter and a baggage cart right behind him. I saw him but I was still too lost in my thoughts to say anything. 

"Are you lost little girl? You look like a 4 year old that's been left by her parents in a department store." 

"Oh Bradley I'm sorry, I was just momentarily overwhelmed by being alone and I guess my brain just shorted out." 

"Well you're not alone anymore sweetheart." 

He put his arms around me and bent his head down and kissed me. I mean he really kissed me. I had almost been able to think again and now not only could I not think, I was barely able to breathe. 

"Wow Bradley, if it was your intention to get my brain back in working order you failed miserably. I can't remember the last time anybody kissed me like that. I felt that all the way down to my..." 

"Actually Linda I would just as soon your brain was not working. At least on trying to think about things too much. I fully intended for you to feel that kiss all the way down to that sweet pussy of yours and you can think about this if you really insist on continuing to think: Your pussy is going to be the next thing I kiss like that." 

"You don't waste much time do you?" 

"Give me one good reason why I should." 

I just looked at him and said, "Even if I could come up with one I wouldn't. Let's get this party started." 

Bradley was a consummate gentlemen and a take-charge kind of man. He dealt with the luggage, the porters, the tickets, the check in and getting us on board without me having to do anything except pose for a couple of pictures; one picture for my on-board ID and another for our welcome aboard photo. The next thing I knew we were standing in a large lobby being served drinks by a hostess. 

"There now. That wasn't so bad was it?" 

"Thank you so much Bradley. Here I thought I was the one taking you on this cruise and you got us through all of that boarding hassle with no more effort that buying a ticket to see a movie. I really appreciate what you did." 

"Linda that was a piece of cake compared to what I have to go through to prepare assignments and briefs for my classes every day. I want you to concentrate on relaxing and getting into the right frame of mind to have some serious fun. I'll take care of the rest. Now come along and we'll go find us a table in the dining room and do a little exploring before we go to our suite." 

When we finally made it to the room the door was open and our personal valet was waiting to greet us. His name was Robert and he told us our room steward, Christine, would be coming to help us unpack and put our things away. He told us he was on call 24 hours a day and to let him know if there was anything we needed. Christine arrived a few minutes later and in about 45 minutes we were all squared away and comfortable in our luxurious cabin. Before she left, Christine reminded us there was a mandatory life boat drill in about an hour and showed us where our life vests were and what deck we needed to go to when it started. 

"Well Bradley here we are. I seem to remember something about the next kiss you were going to give me. Are you about ready to deliver on that promise?" 

"I'm more than ready Linda but before we get to that there are some things I'd like to talk to you about first. How about we go out on that lovely veranda and have a little talk?" 

We went out onto the spacious veranda and sat in the very comfortable chairs and looked out at the view of the channel. 

"First of all Linda I want to thank you for allowing me to be the one to go on this cruise with you. I've been looking forward to it since you picked me and I'm really excited to be here with you. I find you very attractive and you seem like a very stable and genuine woman who wants to do something meaningful for herself as well as for her marriage. I want to be sure that I know as much as I can about what you expect to happen and what you want to experience in order to fulfill your fantasy." 

"I'm not sure I can articulate exactly what I want but I'll try and give you some idea of why I decided to do this. Then maybe you can ask me questions about specific areas that you think are relevant." 

"Fair enough. You tell me your story and I'll cross examine you like in a courtroom." 

"OK. I don't know if it's exactly the same for men but when a woman turns 50 she begins to start seeing things in her body and appearance that are somewhat disconcerting. In fact they're often rather frightening. She starts wondering about how attractive she is to her husband or to men in general and if she's still sexy and desirable. She gets these nagging feelings that sex with her husband has become a routine like taking out the trash twice a week. Then she starts thinking about what would happen if her husband finds somebody else that made sex exciting again for him and wanted to spend the rest of his life with her." 

"The prospect of that kind of devastating upheaval in her routine and having to start over at this age is truly terrorizing. It may seem a little desperate but I didn't want to sit around waiting for that train wreck so I decided to see if taking some kind of action might alleviate some of that anxiety and maybe even rejuvenate both of us so we could continue to love each other and be exciting for each other." 

"So let me be clear about your primary motivation. You want your marriage to continue and you're looking for this cruise to provide you with new ways to strengthen it and enliven it. Is that correct?" 

"Yes that is what I'm looking for but there is a secondary reason. If it should happen that my marriage ends either in divorce or death I want to be a little more prepared to have a life afterwards." 

"So to that end are you prepared to try something new? Something you haven't done before either for lack of opportunity or moral disapproval." 

"Yes I think I would be open to new experiences as long as they didn't involve physical pain or something prohibitively disgusting." 

"How would you describe your current sex life?" 

"I would say that it's satisfactory but lacks excitement and is sometimes a little boring." 

"What do you mean by satisfactory? Do you have orgasms when you have sex?" 

"Sometimes but not always and the orgasms I do have are not as intense or thrilling as they used to be." 

"Do you masturbate?" 

"No." 

"You said that quickly, why not? 

"I... I don't think it's right when you're married." 

"Why?" 

"Because it's like having sex without my husband." 

"Linda, it is sex without your husband. What's wrong with that?" 

"I... I don't know it's just not right." 

"Do you think it's wrong to masturbate? Are you embarrassed to do it?" 

"I... I guess so. I supposed it was how I was raised and taught as a child." 

"We're going to have to work on that Linda. Giving yourself sexual pleasure is not wrong or dirty or a sin. It's a natural function of all primates. It can help you to relax and have better orgasms with your husband. It's OK to feel good. You do know how to masturbate don't you?" 

"It's been a long time but I think I could figure it out." 

"That's sad Linda. You should be very familiar with what makes you feel good and know exactly how to stimulate yourself to orgasm. Stand up and take your shorts off." 

"Now?" 

"Yes. A few minutes ago you wanted me to kiss your pussy. You didn't think I would do that with your pants on did you?" 

I stood and somewhat nervously took my shorts off. 

"Panties too." 

I hesitated but figured what the hell, this is why I came on this cruise. I slid them off and put them with my shorts. I was now standing there in my blouse and my shoes. 

"OK sit back down and pull your knees up and spread your legs." 

I did as he directed but felt embarrassed and awkward. 

"Show me that you know how to masturbate Linda. I want you to keep doing it until you either cum or we finish the interview. You have a very pretty pussy by the way." 

"Thank you." I moved my trembling hand to my pussy. I was surprised to feel that it was moist and it tingled when I touched it. I began to rub it slowly. 

"Do you give your husband blow jobs?" 

"Occasionally. 

"Do you let him cum in your mouth?" 

"Sometimes." 

"Do you swallow his cum?" 

"Not usually." 

"Why not? Don't you like the taste of semen?" 

"I don't dislike it but it's not something I really enjoy." 

"Does you husband eat your pussy?" 

"Yes, but not as often as he once did." 

"Do you enjoy it when he does?" 

"Yes, I can orgasm more often when he's orally stimulating me than I can when we have intercourse." 

"Don't use those words intercourse and oral stimulation. Say you cum better and more often when he's eating your pussy than when he just fucks you." 

I just sat there and didn't respond. 

Go on, say it." 

"I can cum better and more often when he eats my pussy than when he just fucks me." 

"That's better. Don't let sexy words scare you Linda. A rose is a rose no matter what you call it. You're describing the same act so don't try to sanitize it. Do you like getting fucked in the ass?" 

"No." 

"Why not?" 

"I think it's painful and dirty." 

"Well like everything in life it can be but it doesn't have to be. Would you enjoy being with two men at the same time?" 

"I think so. It is something I've fantasized about." 

"You do realize that being with two men at the same time usually means one of them would be fucking you in the ass. Would you like to have sex with a woman?" 

"It's not something I've ever thought I wanted to do but I wouldn't rule it out completely if the circumstances were right." 

"What would you consider to be the right circumstances?" 

"I'm not sure. I guess I'd have to know her for a while and like her... as a friend. Then maybe we'd be alone together one night and drink some wine and she would surprise me by leaning over and kissing me. Then things would just sort of happen." 

"So you wouldn't be the initiator? You'd want her to seduce you. Doesn't that seem to be avoiding the responsibility for being an equal partner in the sexual act?" 

"I hadn't thought about it that way. I'd be too nervous and embarrassed to be the initiator. I'd be afraid of what she might think of me if she wasn't receptive to me." 

"Linda, there's nothing wrong with wanting to experience sex with another woman. It doesn't automatically make you a lesbian. In fact a lot of young women experiment with it once or twice before they settle down and get married. It's a lot more common than you might think. Think about it like bungee jumping. You might try it once just for the thrill but you don't have to make a habit of it. Speaking from experience, pussy actually tastes very good; you'd probably like it. Let's try a little thought experiment. 

Close your eyes and try to clear your mind. Keep masturbating." 

"Imagine you're walking into a high-rise office building. You're wearing an expensive tailored business suit and your makeup is like a fashion model. You take the elevator up to the fortieth floor and walk down a hall to some glass doors. You go inside and walk to a closed door. You open it and walk inside, closing the door behind you. 

There's a beautiful young woman sitting behind a desk. She's dressed as you are but she doesn't have her jacket on. She's wearing a long sleeve white shirt that buttons up the front. Her makeup is like yours with bright red lipstick. Her skirt is a tight fitting, straight, black and white, hounds tooth with a small slit in the back. The hem is three inches above her knees. She has on black stockings, a wide black leather belt and black patent leather high heels. 

"Can you see her Linda?" 

"Yes." 

"She's very pretty isn't she?" 

"Yes." 

She looks at you wondering what you want but she doesn't say anything. You walk to the side of her desk and tell her to stand up. When she does you reach for her hand and pull her around to the side of the desk so she's standing between you and the desk. She has long black hair but she's wearing it up. She has a defiant, pissed off look on her face. You move toward her forcing her ass against the edge of the desk so she's leaning on it. Your hand moves behind her neck and you pull her head toward you and kiss her passionately. When you pull back, the look on her face has changed. Her eyes are wide open and you can tell she liked being kissed. 

You move your hands to her shirt and begin to unbutton it. A slight smile forms on her mouth and her head tilts back to let you know you can continue. When you finish unbuttoning the shirt you pull it out of her skirt but you don't take it off. Her lacy black bra is uncovered. You push the cups up to expose her perfect breasts. 

"Linda, how are you doing with getting yourself off?" 

"I... I... think I'm... starting to feel something." 

"You lower your head and suck her nipple into your mouth. You suck hard and it stiffens and extends. You bite it hard enough for her to feel but not hurt. She moans. You move to the other one and do the same to it. You pull your mouth off and put your thumbs and fingers on the hard nipples and pinch them until she winces then you lean forward and kiss her again as you continue to pinch and pull on her nipples. She sticks her tongue in your mouth and presses her hips against yours. You move back just a little then slap the side of her tits with your hands. Before she can react you push her shoulders back and she falls backward to lie on the desk. 

You reach for the hem of her skirt and pull it up then push it up around her hips above the tiny thong she's wearing. Your fingers slip under the waistband and pull them down all the way over her shoes and throw the flimsy garment in her chair. Her pussy is exposed and her carefully manicured black pubic hair decorates her mound. She pulls her knees back until her feet are on the desk beside her hips and spreads her shapely legs. You spend only a few seconds admiring her before you drop to your knees and press your mouth against her slit." 

I whimper as I visualize myself doing this and I get the first signs that I might actually be able to masturbate myself to an orgasm. My pulse is racing and I'm breathing harder. I feel the same tingling in my vagina as when Bradley kissed me. 

"She's wet as you slide your tongue up from her asshole to her clit. The bare lips of her pussy taste sweet. She moans when you suck the pink nub between your lips and lick it. Her hands move to her breasts to pull and pinch her nipples wishing it were your hands doing it but not wanting you to stop licking her. You continue to lap at her pussy dragging the flat of your tongue up her slit then sucking her clit while you flick it with the tip of your tongue. Her head moves from side to side and her moaning gets louder. You both know she's going to cum soon. She wants to prolong the rough ecstasy as long as she can but you want her to cum hard for you. You don't want her to give you her orgasm; you want to take it. 

"How are you doing Linda?" 

"Ohhhhh, Ohhhhh, Ohhhhh, I'm...I'm..." I know I'm close and I can't speak. 

"You tell her to pinch her nipples hard as you put your index finger at the entrance to her vagina and your middle finger on her asshole. When you see her pull hard on her nipples and grimace you shove both fingers into her. Her hips lurch up against your mouth, which is locked around her clit, and your tongue finishes driving her into her orgasm. You pull both fingers out of her briskly and she gasps as they leave her hot interior. You stand up and reach down to grab her wrists and pull her up so she's pinned between you and the desk. She's still cumming as you kiss her to let her taste her own pussy. She goes limp and you slowly recline her back onto the desk then release her wrists, turn around and walk out the door." 

"Ohhhhhhhh Shit. Bradley... I'mmm cumming. I'm really... cumming." 

I couldn't believe that I had actually masturbated to orgasm listening to a story about two women having sex but it was the best orgasm I'd had in weeks. 

"Well Linda it seems you do remember how to masturbate. And you might not have an entirely accurate assessment of your views on sex with a woman. I think I've got enough information to get started with. I didn't mean to interrogate you. I just wanted to be sure I didn't misunderstand my role in this trip and I needed to see where your buttons are because I intend to push them. I needed to know where your limits are because I will encourage you to go beyond them and I wanted to find out where your boundaries are because I want you to expand them and encompass more sexual options than you currently think yourself capable of. 

In addition to that I want you to do some exploration of your feelings about who you are. I want you to confront some of your fears and see if you can defuse them. I want you to get in touch with your center and discover a way to draw on your energy to accomplish the things you want that will rejuvenate your relationship and remove some of the barriers that you have unconsciously erected to experiencing joy." 

"Wow Bradley, you really think we can do all that in a week?" 

"Look what we've done in just a few minutes of talking. Linda life is never finished until you die. It's a continual work in progress. Things are constantly changing and you have to adapt to those changes. When you resist you lose touch with your source and that starts to degrade your energy and you begin to tell yourself stories that become self fulfilling prophecies and depression and despair come creeping in until you get to a state such as you have just finished describing about your marriage. I can't fix all of these things in a week but I can help you learn how to see the problems and how to work toward fixing them yourself." 

"We can do that through sex?" 

"Linda sex can be done mechanically as a biological function or it can be done joyfully as a means of expressing love. When it's done this way it can lead you to new experiences of love and then to spirituality and that is when your relationship becomes whole and healthy and that leads to happiness." 

"I'm not sure I know what you mean but I do have some idea. I think Ed and I came close to that kind of feeling when we were younger. And I remember being very happy." 
