 This is the ninth episode in a multi-part story. It is the second chapter of Linda's cruise with Bradley but you should read Chapter 01 first so you can see how these cruises started and get introduced to the characters then read Chapter 08 for the beginning of Linda's cruise. I hope you enjoy the journey. 

This chapter contains a detailed description of adults using an illegal substance. It is not meant to condone or encourage the use of such substances. The events depicted are a combination of the experiences, anecdotal accounts and public reports of others who have used this substance. All characters in this story are fictional and portrayed to be over the age of 18. 

***** 

* MONDAY 

I woke up at 7:30 feeling relaxed and well rested. I was sure that was due to all of the wonderful sex I'd enjoyed yesterday. The great thing was that I felt ready for more. I hadn't felt horny in the morning in a long time and I hoped I would continue to do so because Ed was definitely a morning person when it came to sex. 

I got up and went out to the sitting room of the suite to look at the room service menu and call to get our breakfast delivered at eight. Mark and Ashley would be here then and as soon as we ate, Ashley and I were off to the spa for our waxing appointments. Thinking about having a bald beaver was getting me excited, it seemed so naughty and sexy. 

I returned to the bedroom to find Bradley stirring from his slumber. I pulled the sheet off him and saw his thick cock in a partially erect state. I crawled on the bed and knelt next to his leg so I could wrap my hand around it and entice it to wake up completely. I used my other hand to massage his balls. 

"I could get used to waking up this way Linda. I usually have to take care of my morning wood by myself since I don't have a live in girlfriend." 

"This will need to be a quickie because Mark and Ashley will be here soon." 

"In that case you better get busy." 

I lowered my head and engulfed the top half of his cock with my mouth and continued to stroke his shaft with my hand while caressing his scrotum with the other one. My mouth was producing a lot of saliva and I let it slide out of the sides of my lips so it could run down his shaft. I used my hand to spread it down so I could stroke him with it. In a couple of minutes his hard cock was covered in my spit and I was sliding my hand and mouth up and down it as I stroked him faster and gripped him tighter. In another couple of minutes I began to taste his salty precum and knew he was getting closer to his climax. 

I was still amazed at how much I was enjoying this since I rediscovered it when I sucked him off in the shower yesterday. I felt empowered that I could do this to a man and knowing that it made him feel good made me feel good. This was a pronounced change in my attitude. I realized that I had been doing this as a favor to Ed and thinking that it was solely for his pleasure but now I genuinely enjoyed it. I was determined to get very good at blowjobs so Ed could get the benefit of my newfound enthusiasm when I returned. 

"Oh Linda that feels fabulous. It's not going to be long now." 

I took my hand off his cock and moved it down with the other one to gently squeeze his balls while I continued to bob my head up and down taking as much of his thick cock in my mouth as I could with each stroke. I felt his balls tighten and his shaft flex as the head swelled. I stopped bobbing with half his cock still in my mouth as the first spurt of his ejaculation erupted. I sucked and swallowed without moving my mouth until he finished spraying his hot cream into my throat. I carefully pulled my mouth off him so I wouldn't spill any of the little pool of cum remaining from the last glob. I raised my head up and opened my mouth to show him the remnant of his climax then smiled as I closed my mouth and swallowed it in a showy big gulp. 

"You're getting very good at that Linda. What's caused you to change from what you told me yesterday?" 

"What happened yesterday after we talked changed my attitude about sex. I guess it's partly being out here in the ocean away from everything I'm used to so I feel much more at ease with trying new things. You said you were going to push my limits so I'm cooperating with you as much as I can and it's having a definite positive effect on my libido." 

"I'm really happy to hear that. Remember that you are your own worst critic so keep ignoring that nagging little voice in your head each time it tells you not to try something or that it's wrong. You're doing a great job of redefining your own morality instead of letting somebody do it for you." 

"We need to get some clothes on and get ready for breakfast, it will be here soon." 

A few minutes later room service knocked on the door and delivered our fresh fruit and coffee. I told them to put it out on the veranda and went out to straighten up the cushions from last night. It didn't take long for Mark and Ashley to arrive. As soon as they got inside Ashley threw her arms around me and kissed me. 

"Good morning Linda did you sleep well?" 

"Like a log. I don't even remember turning over." 

"Me too although it took me a while to calm down once I got in bed. I was so excited by what we did last night. Now I'm getting excited all over again thinking about today." 

We all went on the veranda and ate bananas, strawberries, papaya, pineapple and mangos in the glorious sunshine. Bradley asked us to limit our coffee to one cup because he didn't want the caffeine to affect the X. One cup is usually all I have anyway so it was no big deal. When we finished I told Ashley we should get ready to leave and I asked Bradley what he was going to do while we were in the spa. 

"There's one deck with a walkway that goes completely around the ship so I think I'll go up and have a walk." 

Mark said he would like to join him and Bradley told us to be back by ten so we could get started. Ashley and I left for the spa and didn't have to wait long before we each were shown to a private room and told to undress and put on the gown that was lying on the table. 

My technician was a young girl in her twenties named Monica. She had short black hair, full breasts and a cute smile. The table was similar to a massage table and Monica told me to lie on my back and put a pillow under my head. 

"Linda there are two ways we do this. The conventional way is to apply hot wax to strips of your hair then when the wax has cooled and congealed I pull the strips off along with the hair. The new procedure is done with a laser. It's faster and less painful and it lasts longer. In fact if you keep up with the laser treatments the hair will be permanently gone in about a dozen sessions. Which would you prefer?" 

I didn't hesitate for a moment, "Crank up that laser Monica." 

In a couple of minutes she began the procedure. It stung a little like pinpricks but it didn't hurt as much as I thought it would. 

After about twenty minutes she told me to turn over and get on my hands and knees. I wasn't expecting this but did what I was told. She then proceeded to remove the hair from between my ass cheeks. Finally she told me to get on my back again then she put on some magnifying glasses and began to closely inspect me. She used tweezers to remove a few straggling hairs and then ran her fingers over every inch that had previously been covered in hair. She seemed to take a little longer than I thought necessary sliding them along my lips but considering what would be happening to them later it didn't matter to me if one more person wanted to feel my pussy. She finished up by applying an exfoliant with a small cotton pad all over my crotch then rubbed me with a mentholated cream that felt cool and soothing. 

"OK Linda how does that feel?" 

"It feels a little sensitive and very naked." 

She held up a hand mirror and asked me if I wanted to take a look. 

I nodded and she put the mirror between my legs. 

"Wow that looks pretty sexy." 

She said, "That's what I was thinking too." The way she said it made it sound like she meant it. "OK, you're finished." Then she left the room and I got dressed. 

Ashley came back out to the lobby a few minutes later. 

"How did it go?" I asked her. 

"Not as bad as I thought it would. I opted to go with the laser. What about you?" 

"Absolutely the laser. I intend to keep doing this on a regular basis since Ed seems to like it so much. It feels positively decadent when I walk." 

"I can't wait to see how you look." She said in a soft tone. 

"Neither can I." 

It was only a little past nine so we decided to walk through the shops on the same deck the spa was on before going back to the room. There was one store that sold bathing suits so we went inside. 

"Just like my frumpy underwear, I only brought an old one piece suit. Now that I've had my bush removed I'm thinking I need something a little more revealing." 

"That's a great idea. My suit's a few years old too." 

We saw some that were quite revealing. They weren't dental floss thongs but they were close enough. We each picked one out and went in the dressing room to try them on. We were like a couple of giggling fourteen year olds as we tried on the tiny garments. There was no way we could have worn these if we hadn't just had our pussies depilated. Even without hair they only covered the bare necessities, so to speak. 

"Linda I've spent the last six months dieting and exercising to get in shape for this cruise and I'm going to show off the results. Your body looks as good as mine so let's get these and wear them to go to the pool." 

We got dressed and paid the clerk with our cruise cards then headed back to the room with our new suits and our newly denuded crotches. When we got to the room, Bradley and Mark were already there. 

"Great timing ladies we just got back ourselves. Now it's time to start getting cleaned up for our party. Mark, are you and Ashley OK with taking an enema here or would you rather do it in your room?" 

"We'll be OK here. The bathroom's not big enough for all of us at one time so we can do ours and then you and Linda can take yours." 

"I'll get the equipment ready for you. Be sure you each do it twice and use soapy water the first time." 

Bradley went into the bathroom and returned a few minutes later and told Mark and Ashley to go ahead and get started. They proceeded to the bathroom and returned in about twenty minutes. 

"Bradley you're not going to believe what these two have been up to this morning." 

Bradley looked a little puzzled at what Mark had said as we took their place in the bathroom and began our internal cleansing. I had done this for Ed not long ago when he had his colonoscopy so I was familiar with the procedure. Bradley of course noticed my newly naked pussy when I took off my clothes and told me it looked incredibly sexy and he couldn't wait to get his lips on it. After we finished with the enemas we went out and joined Mark and Ashley in the sitting room. Mark had gone to their room and brought back the two plush robes the ship provided. 

Bradley got a small prescription bottle out of one of his cases and sat at the desk and unscrewed the top. He poured out four tablets that looked like a popular medication for diabetes. 

"My source makes it look like medicine so it's not so obvious unless it's chemically tested. Linda, stick out your tongue." 

I stuck my tongue out and he placed one of the tablets on it. 

"Now wash it down with some water." 

I took a sip from the bottle on the desk. 

"You're on your way sweetie." 

He handed one to Mark and Ashley then took one himself. He closed the bottle and put it away. 

"In about 30 to 60 minutes you should notice that you're very relaxed and that your skin feels a slight flush and might even turn a little pink. You may feel slightly woozy but if you do, it won't last long. We'll reach the peak of the trip in about three hours but this varies depending on activity and your metabolism. You should be pretty much back to normal in eight to ten hours but I've found that the effects tend to last about twelve hours and residual effects can be felt for several days. These long-term effects are very pleasant because you will feel very loving and affectionate toward other people. Maybe more so because we're orienting our trip to love and affection to begin with." 

"There is one very important thing I want everybody to remember. You must keep hydrated. It's easy to forget this in the heat of passion but I'm going to be the water cop and make everybody keep drinking so we don't have any problems. You can drink juice or even eat some fruit if you're hungry but I don't have much of an appetite when I take X. Also let me repeat, X does not make you do or feel anything. It will allow you to do or feel something. This may be something you have been repressing. Enough with the announcements, it's time to continue our cleansing." 

"Mark and Ashley do you want to bathe or shower together or would you prefer to do it with one of us?" 

Mark said, "I haven't had a chance to spend much time with Linda. If she's willing I'd like to share a tub with her." 

"If you agree to wash my hair then let's get started." 

Mark and I headed for the bathroom while Ashley and Bradley stayed in the sitting room. 

"Ashley what would you like to do?" 

"I was hoping I'd get the bathtub but I guess we get the shower." 

"That's OK, remember we can take a bath anytime we want. We can go over to your suite if you really want to get in a tub." 

"I think I'd prefer to stay here. Let's head for the shower." 

In the bathroom I got the water started in the tub and put in some bath crystals that the cruise line had so thoughtfully supplied. I hung my robe up on the hanger by the door. I walked over to Mark and put my arms around him. 

"Somehow I think you're as ready for this as I am. I'm looking forward to getting to know you because I suspect you're a lot like my husband. He's kind and considerate and a great father and you don't find too many men like that. What we've chosen to do may be unorthodox but I love him and all of the things I'm doing are for us even though we both need to be selfish for a week and see what life can be if we lose each other. I think you and Ashley feel the same way. You realize that sometimes love is holding on and sometimes it's letting go." 

"You are a very special woman Linda. I'm really glad we met you and I'm looking forward to getting to know you too. I already feel like I could love you. Not in a clinging exclusive way but unconditionally as friends. The kind of friend that can call you at three in the morning and you won't feel disturbed about it. I understand what you mean about living together but always being prepared when something happens to the one you love. When Ashley and I were first together she would read to me and one of the books she liked was 'The Prophet' by Kahlil Gibran. I remember a line where he was talking about living together but not to get too close. 'The oak tree and the cypress grow not in each other's shadow.' I think I have a lot to learn from you and I can't wait to start." 

The tub was built for lovers. The water flowed into it from a curved chrome metal fitting so the water looked like a waterfall as it was running and it was on the side so neither end had an obstruction to lying back. It was also long enough for a full size adult to practically lay down in it. There was plenty of room for two people. I told Mark to lie down and I got between his legs and lay back on his chest. The taps were on the wall along with a spray head attached to a hose. He used the bar of soap to rub my back and under my arms and around to my breasts and stomach. It felt marvelous and I decided right there to do this more with Ed. 

He told me to turn on the tap and picked up the spray head and wet my hair then poured some shampoo on my head from the little plastic bottle on the side of the tub and began to wash my hair. I felt like a child being washed by my daddy. He was very gentle and thorough. He used the spray to rinse my hair then told me to turn around and lean back against the other end of the tub. When I did this he told me to put my legs up on the sides of the tub then he used his legs to push my hips up out of the water to expose my hips and butt. 

"Ever since I saw that Ashley had her pubic hair removed I've been thinking of what you would look like because I thought you had a beautiful pussy when I saw it last night full of Bradley's cock. Now that I see it in all it's naked glory I think it's even more beautiful. You really do look as young as Ashley and I." 

He took the soap and rubbed it on his hands then proceeded to wash my entire crotch. His thumb slid up and down my clit and he washed my labia with his fingers. This wasn't sex, it was intimacy and it told me that he knew the difference. He told me to put my legs down and handed me the soap. 

"Now you wash me." 

I washed him the same way I remembered washing my daughters with the singular exception of his cock, which I lovingly stroked and lathered until it began to stiffen. From the sounds emanating from the shower, I guessed that Bradley and Ashley were engaging in much the same kind of loving play that we were doing. Then I heard Bradley say as he got out of the shower, "OK I think we're clean enough for now." 

Mark and I got out of the tub and instead of using a towel I took his hand and led us straight to the veranda where we leaned back against the railing and let the warm sun and the breeze dry our naked bodies. I tilted my head back and closed my eyes and began to get the strangest feeling that I hadn't felt this good in a long, long time. In a few minutes I heard Bradley say, "It's been thirty minutes, how is everybody feeling?" 

I opened my eyes and noticed that everything looked a little different, more friendly and softer and vibrant. Bradley told me to walk over to the door to the room and when I did I felt like I didn't weigh as much as I did. I also felt a little woozy. He took my hand and led me inside and sat me down on a pillow on the floor of the sitting room. Mark and Ashley came and sat down so we were all in a little circle. 

"I think we're all beginning to feel the effects now. I see the looks on your faces and the pink flush on your skin. So everybody take a drink of water from the bottle next to you." 

When we had all drank some water he continued, "From my personal experience we are going into the best part of the trip now. I'm going to put on some music and I want each of you to sit with your legs crossed in front of you in lotus position. Close your eyes and don't do anything. If you can really not do anything for just a few minutes, you will begin to feel like your floating. I don't mean your body but your mind will feel like it is floating away from you. Let it go. Don't try to do this just listen to the music and let it happen if it does." 

I closed my eyes. The music was the sound of waves gently breaking on a shore. Then a tinkling sound like a wind chime joined in. The sounds grew softer until a larger bell rang as if off in the distance and faded slowly away. The waves and the chimes grew fainter and the distant bell rang again. It seemed to reverberate inside me and I began to feel like I was floating on the echo. The waves and chimes became fainter but I could still hear them just as clearly. When the bell rang again I got a vision of my mind as though I could actually see it from outside myself. It appeared to be a big cloud of words whirling around and colliding. 

I watched it with detachment until it grew quieter as though it realized I was watching it. The whirling slowed then stopped and the cloud began to drift away. All thought left me. I was only aware of my breathing, which was slow and deep and effortless. I could still hear the bell but it was getting more distant. Then it too fell silent. I saw nothing. I felt nothing. Only emptiness remained. And yet in this emptiness I was still aware of being there observing somehow. I don't know how long it lasted but for a while I was pure consciousness. 
