 This is the eleventh episode in a multi-part story. It is the fourth chapter of Linda's cruise with Bradley but you should read Chapter 01 first, up to the point they get off the shuttle, so you can see how these cruises started and get introduced to the characters then read Chapter 08 for the beginning of Linda's cruise. I hope you enjoy the journey. 

***** 

* WEDNESDAY 

I awoke when I felt Bradley get back in bed after a visit to the bathroom. "Good morning Linda, we're going to be docking in St Kitts about nine thirty. Is there anything you want to do before then?" 

I slid down the bed until my head was in front of his crotch. "Ooooohhh yes there is something I want to do." I took his cock in my hand and put the head in my mouth and started gently nursing on it like a little kitten. 

"I see you woke up ready to start where you left off last night." 

"Ummmhmmm" was the best I could do to answer him with my mouth full. I moved my other hand to his balls and started massaging them. 

"Linda I'm getting very used to having your warm mouth on my cock in the mornings. I'm going to miss this when I get back to school." Bradley sighed as he raised his leg and bent his knee to give me better access to his balls. In a minute his cock was inflated enough for me to take part of the shaft into my mouth so I could suck on it. This was one of my favorite parts of doing this. From here he stiffened steadily enough so I didn't have to move my head. His cock lengthened right into my mouth. I just loved feeling his cock slide over my tongue as it got bigger. 

When it was fully erect I let go completely with my hand and just let him fuck my mouth but I kept my other hand on his balls. I moved the one I'd been holding his cock with down to my pussy. This was an excellent opportunity to practice masturbating. I was really discovering the things that I liked doing to myself. It wasn't all just rubbing my clit. I liked feeling my lips when they'd gotten wet. There was just something so erotic about rubbing my juice on my smooth hairless lips that turned me on. I also liked putting my middle finger in my vagina and touching my spot. I found I could somewhat control how quickly I brought myself to climax by doing different things at different times. 

I was surprised that having a cock in my mouth seemed to add to the things I did to myself. Go figure! We both seemed to be keeping the pace below what would set us off but after a few minutes I sensed an increase in his precum and knew he was getting closer. I sped up my activities to see if I could match his level of arousal. I didn't feel like I had to cum when he did but I was experimenting to see if I could. His breathing changed and I sped up rubbing my clit and felt myself building to a climax. I was quite proud of my ability to anticipate Bradley's orgasm so well after only three days. 

It was still a delicate balance to stay in sync with him though. Once I heard and felt all the signs of his impending ejaculation I returned more of my concentration to my own orgasm. Besides I wasn't doing that much to cause Bradley's orgasm other than providing a perfect environment for his cock to explode into. His considerate sliding in and out of my mouth could now contribute sensations to increasing my own arousal. I wanted his cum in my mouth. It was a huge turn on to feel the hot creamy fluid spurt across my tongue and excite my taste buds. 

A few seconds later I felt his cock flex and swell against my tongue and palate then the first expulsion of his creamy cum squirted out of the tip. I swallowed it and waited for the next one, it came with a little more force and a larger volume of semen than the first. That's when my own climax insisted on its expression and my vagina began to pulse. After swallowing the second glob the next four were almost in rhythm with the contractions in my cunt and his cumming seemed to invigorate my own. I really enjoyed our orgasms because they didn't overwhelm me and I was able to share his with mine and be more aware of how it affected my body. 

I continued to suck his cock as his orgasm subsided and was delighted at how much cum I could coax out of him even though it oozed out rather than spurted. It was still delicious and sexy. My fingers informed me that my pussy was doing the same thing; my lips were soaked in my juices. I was very happy about that. I had been concerned for over a year that my vaginal secretions and lubrication had declined from what they had been when I was younger but ever since I stepped on this ship they had steadily increased beyond what I ever remember before. 

My thoughts were interrupted by the arrival of Mark and Ashley who had used the key card to our room and let themselves in. When they walked into the bedroom Ashley said, "Ooops, I hope we didn't walk in at an inopportune time." 

"Just finishing my morning health drink. If you want, you can crawl between my legs and lap up some of this juice that's all over my pussy." 

I rolled over on my back and pulled my knees up to spread my legs. Ashley slipped off her robe and lay down between my legs and began to lick my soppy twat. I looked at Mark and said, "Why don't you straddle my head and let me give you some of what Bradley got this morning." 

He swung his leg over my head but he was facing my feet. "Linda would you mind starting with my balls? Use your hand to stroke my cock and see how hard you can make it." 

As Mark lowered his scrotum, I opened my mouth and began to suck on his left ball. I played with it and licked it and pulled on it with my lips and soon felt his cock begin to stiffen in my hand. Mark covered my hand with his own and showed me how he wanted me to stroke him. It didn't take long for it to become fully erect. I didn't know if Ashley had told him about how she did this with me but I thought it was incredibly sweet for him to teach me how he liked to be jerked off. 

While we continued to stroke his cock I managed to get both his balls in my mouth and sucked and licked them while our hands stroked his cock. Ashley's wide-open mouth was glued to my slit sucking my flowing juice like it was ambrosia. I moved my hips to hump her face and encourage her to keep sucking me. 

"Linda you're doing such a good job with my cock that I'm already about half way to an orgasm. Do you want me to spurt all over your chest or would you like me to put my hard cock in that hot pussy that Ashley's made all wet?" 

I removed my mouth from his balls and said, "Oh Mark I'd love to feel you inside me. Put that lovely cock in my gooey cunt and fuck me please." 

"Nothing would give me more pleasure; that is if I can get Ashley's tongue out of it first." 

"OK Mark you can have it but I'm coming back when you've finished." 

Ashley moved out from between my legs and Mark crawled in to take her place. He was kneeling so I pushed my hips up off the bed so his cock was in line with my slit. He held his cock as he slid it up and down my wet lips, teasing my clit with his head and rubbing precum on it. Then he slid it down to my opening. He put the tip in place while I moved my hand down to rub my clit with my fingers. "Please Mark. Put that hard cock inside me now. Let my wet pussy show you how much it loves you." 

He pushed forward and slid effortlessly all the way to the base. I squeezed his cock with my hot pink cunt and I could feel my juices coating it. "Ohhhhhhhh Yessssss Mark that feels fabulous baby. Don't move yet; I want to suck your cock with my pussy." I continued to squeeze and release his shaft like I had done with my hand when his balls were in my mouth. His cock would twitch each time I did this. "OK Mark, start fucking me now with long slow strokes so I can feel your cock leave me and return to fill me up again." 

As he began to slide in and out of me he leaned forward and I lay back down flat on the bed so I could wrap my legs around the small of his back and hold him in my arms. I pulled him tight against me and his mouth found mine. He was making love to me with his wife lying right beside us smiling at us. It felt glorious. I couldn't get enough of him as I pushed up with my hips to meet his thrusts and welcome his beautiful cock back inside me. Our kiss was one long continuous loving connection that almost made me dizzy with its passion. 

I hadn't felt this good making love in a long time. I was aware of every part of me. Wherever our skin touched it tingled. My tits were ultra sensitive and my nipples were hard and erect as they pressed into his chest. I moved my legs up higher on his back to open myself to him as much as I could so he could penetrate me completely. My pussy would grasp his cock every time his head bumped into my cervix as if I could ensnare him and never let it leave my hot wet embrace. 

I held on as long as I could not wanting this to end but finally his cock pounded my cunt into submission and I felt my orgasm begin. I squeezed him with my legs so hard that he couldn't move back and held him so tight I had to break the kiss so we could both breathe. I gasped as I felt my climax send my rippling vagina into spasms that soon spread to my whole body as I trembled in his arms. 

"Oh God Linda." I was at the peak of my orgasm when I felt the first jet of his cum blast into me. It intensified my climax and pushed me higher into it. Each successive burst repeated the sensation until I lost count of how many times he spewed his hot cream into my vibrating cunt. I had to stop so I could breathe again. All my muscles relaxed simultaneously, my legs and arms fell from around him back onto the bed and my head flopped back on the pillow. I'd always thought the expression 'he fucked my brains out' was an exaggeration. Not anymore. 

With great effort he pulled back and withdrew his spent cock from me then rolled over on his side next to me. Both of us lay there exhausted from loving. It felt wonderful. This is how I wanted to feel after each time I made love. 

"Wow you two. If that was half as good as it looked I'm surprised you're both still conscious. I almost came just watching you. We should have made a video of that." 

"Ashley I had no idea I could do that. It was the most fantastic orgasm I've ever had. Every cell in my body was cumming." 

"Yeah, that's what it looked like. Mark, you did pretty good yourself for a middle aged guy." 

"Thanks Ashley. I think." 

Bradley had been in the shower while Mark and I were engaged in our spirited lovemaking. He came back in and said, "Does anybody want to get some breakfast then go ashore and check out St. Kitts?" 

"That sounds like a good idea Bradley. I need to get up and move around so I can get some blood back to my extremities. I think Mark caused my heart to stop beating a couple of times." 

We all showered and got dressed and went to the main dining room to have breakfast. We sat at our usual round table and ordered off the menu. We had been eating light so far but after my lovemaking session this morning I had worked up quite an appetite so I had pancakes. While we were waiting for our food to arrive I noticed a very pretty young woman sitting by herself at one of the tables for two across the aisle from us. 

"Bradley, isn't that pretty girl over there the same one you were playing volleyball with the other day at the pool?" 

He looked over at her and said, "I think so." 

"Like you would forget a babe like that. I think I'll go over and ask her to join us. She didn't seem to be with anybody at the pool and now she's by herself again. I'll see if she could use some company." 

I walked over to her and said, "Hi, my name's Linda. I saw you at the pool the other day when you were playing volleyball with my friend. Are you traveling by yourself on this cruise?" 

"Unfortunately, I am. My boyfriend was supposed to come with me but the day before we were to leave for Ft. Lauderdale he broke his ankle playing Squash with a guy he works with. He can't walk for a week. He insisted I go without him so reluctantly I decided to come by myself." 

"Awwwhhh how sad. I was wondering if perhaps I could persuade you to join us for breakfast. At least you'll have someone to talk to while you eat and I'm sure my companions would like to meet you. I know I would. You're really a very lovely young woman." 

"If it wouldn't be too much of a bother, I'd love to." 

"No bother at all. What's your name?" 

"Oh, sorry, it's Gina. Gina Summers." 

Well Gina let's go over to our table and I'll introduce you to my friends." 

Gina took a seat at our table and I introduced everybody, "Gina Summers this is Bradley Stevens. He's my traveling companion on this cruise. And this lovely couple is Ashley and Mark Manning. They're in the suite next to us and have become very good friends of ours." 

"What do you do Gina?" 

"I'm a pharm girl." 

Ashley asked, "You mean like cows and pigs and chickens?" 

"No. Not a F-A-R-M girl, a P-H-A-R-M girl. I'm a sales rep for a big pharmaceutical company. I go around to doctors and tell them all about the medications we make and try to get them to prescribe them to their patients. It's become the standard for the reps to all be attractive young women. Sex sells you know." 

"That sounds fascinating. Do you travel a lot?" 

"Yes that's why I decided to come on this trip alone. I've gotten used to it." 

"Well you don't have to be alone anymore, you're welcome to have meals with us and hang out if you want to." 

"That's very nice of you Linda. Thank you for the invitation." 

"Well traveling alone on business is one thing but this should be a fun trip and if you don't mind being around people our age you're more than welcome. We're going ashore to check out St. Kitts if you want to join us. We thought we'd get a van to take us around and show us the island." 

"I'd like that very much. This itinerary only makes three stops and the rest of the time we're at sea so I'd like to get off the ship while we're here. As far as people your age goes, you look like a pretty mixed group. Bradley looks to be about my age and you, Ashley and Mark look like you're in your late thirties so there's not that much difference. I'm used to being with older people because most of the doctors I visit are your age." 

"Thanks for the compliment Gina. Ashley and Mark are in their late thirties but I just turned fifty. You're right about Bradley, he's twenty five." 

"I would never have thought you were fifty. You look much younger. What do you do Linda?" 

"I've been a mother and a housewife for most of my adult life. My husband owns a few small businesses so I don't really have to hold down a job. Bradley's in law school and Mark works in an office doing something." 

"Can I ask you a personal question Linda?" 

"Sure, what do you want to know?" 

"Are you separated from your husband?" 

"No I'm not. I love him very much and have a great marriage. We decided to take separate vacations this year." 

"And he's OK with you being on a cruise with Bradley?" 

"He's very OK with it. In fact he helped me choose Bradley to be my fantasy lover." 

"That's rather unusual. Can I ask you how this came about?" 

"I suggested it. Our sex life had become a little stale and lackluster so I thought we needed to do something to reinvigorate it. We decided to pick out a partner to have a sexual fantasy with and take them on a cruise. You should see the woman he selected to go with him." 

"Wow Linda that's really cool. My mom's your age, I think I'll suggest this to her and dad. Hell I might even let you help me find some partners for them and give it to them for an anniversary present. What a fabulous idea Linda." 

"It might be better if you mentioned it to your mother before you make any plans. Just because somebody could benefit from doing this doesn't mean they're ready for it. I'd be more than happy to talk to her with you and let her know how fantastic it's been so far. It's the best thing I've ever done. I recommend it to any couple over forty." 

"You do look like you have a glow this morning. I guess I don't have to ask where that came from. And what about you two? Are you on one of these fantasy trips too?" 

"Well sort of, only we're doing it together. But we came on this cruise for the same reason. We wanted to reignite the fire of our sexual passion. Raising kids can put a real crimp in your sex life. We overheard Linda and Bradley talking about what she wanted to accomplish on this cruise and the more they talked the more we felt like that's what we wanted too. We introduced ourselves and told them we had inadvertently eavesdropped on their conversation and asked them if they would like to include another couple in their plans. To our great delight they said they would. We've been going at it like teenagers ever since." 

"Wow, you guys are really great. I think meeting you is a sign for me and I want to do something very special for you. The day before my boyfriend broke his ankle I was told about a new medication that recently finished clinical trials and got FDA approval for our company to market. The company is extremely excited about it and they think it will be a huge success. It had the best effectiveness rating and the lowest incidence of side effects of any drug we've ever produced." 

"It's known as FSE-216-B. That's a company designation and they're working to come up with a trade name and planning the marketing campaign now. The letters stand for Female Sexuality Enhancement formula 216 variation B. It's the first true aphrodisiac for women ever produced. From what I've heard it makes women feel like they're on their honeymoon with the person they love the most. The only negative I've heard about it is that it lasts too long. The effects don't wear off for seventy-two hours. They're trying to cut that down to twelve." 

"Is that so they can sell more pills?" 

"That may be one reason but think about it. Women have to go to work. If they're walking around like sex zombies at work it could cause a lot of problems." 

"That's a good point. The divorce lawyers would love it though. So are you telling us you have some of this stuff with you?" 

"Yes, they gave me sample packs before I left and I was going to try it with my boyfriend on this cruise but that obviously won't happen. So, since you guys are on this trip to experiment with your sexuality I'd like to make you a present of some of these pills. What do you say?" 

"Are you sure it's safe?" 

"Nobody in the two year trials ever had a negative reaction." 

"Well I'm game, what about you Ashley?" 

"I guess if I said yes to taking Ecstasy I can't very well say no to this." 

"You guys did Ecstasy? When was this?" 

"Monday. Bradley brought some with him." 

"That's even better. I did Ecstasy in college on several occasions. We can compare the way the two work." 

"Gina, would you like to join us and take it with us?" 

"Actually I was going to suggest that. That way we can get different opinions of how it affects us since we're all from different age groups. This is perfect." 

I reached over and put my hand on hers. "One more question Gina, do you like girls?" 

"They're not my first choice but I've had some very enjoyable experiences with women. Yes, I like girls." 

"God I was hoping you'd say that. When can we do it?" 

"It's supposed to take about thirty minutes to take effect. I'd say as soon as we get back from our tour of the island if that's OK with you." 

"In that case let's finish our breakfast and get off this ship. Holy shit, I just thought about this. We're going to be horny for the rest of the trip. Bradley I hope you and Mark can handle this. Gina, your meeting us is a sign. You are a gift from heaven." 

We arranged to meet Gina at the bottom of the gangway where we got off the ship. She needed to go back to her cabin to get some things to take with her. We stopped by our rooms to do the same. She was waiting for us when we got onto the dock. We walked a short distance to the end of the pier and through some gates to a street where there were some taxis and tour busses waiting. We chose a mini-van with a friendly driver who offered to show us around the island for one hundred dollars. 
