 This is the thirteenth episode in a multi-part story. It is the sixth chapter of Linda's cruise with Bradley but you should read Chapter 01 first so you can see how these cruises started and get introduced to the characters then read Chapter 08 for the beginning of Linda's cruise. I hope you enjoy the journey. 

***** 

* FRIDAY 

When I awoke a little after eight AM I still had my arms around Barbara. It felt like I was holding my daughter when she was an infant. I loved Barbara in so many ways that the combined effect of all of them was making me delirious with joy. I pulled her closer to me and kissed her. I felt an instant flush of sexual arousal and was reassured that the pill Gina had given me was still going strong. I could feel my pussy getting hotter and wetter as I continued kissing her. 

Her eyes opened and despite her blindness they sparkled with love and excitement. I pulled back and said, "Good morning my sweet lover. How do you feel on this glorious day?" 

"Ummmmmhhh, I feel wonderful. I haven't slept that well in a long time. I barely remember falling asleep." She stretched and gently shook her body then put her arms around me. "I'm so glad I'm with you. I feel happy and secure and in love... and horny. God this pill is fabulous. I had more sex yesterday than I've had in the last month and I want to get started again." 

"I suggest we have some coffee and take a bath first. Then we can stay in bed the whole day if you want to and just make love." 

"That sounds delightful but I've got a lot of rehearsing to do for my show tomorrow night. I need to call Bobby and see if he's found a place to practice. I want to learn the new songs as well as I can even though I can use my phone to hear the lyrics while I'm singing. Bobby and I need to be sure we're together on all these new tunes." 

"You should have plenty of time to get familiar with them. You can rehearse this morning and then take a break and do some more this afternoon. You'll still have more time for it tomorrow since your show doesn't begin until eight. This will give you a chance to see how the pill affects your performance." 

"Yeah. I'll see if I can resist pulling Bobby's pants down and sucking his cock in the middle of one of the songs. He and I are just friends so I'm sure he'd be surprised at that." 

"I don't think you'll have any trouble staying focused on singing. Put that sexual energy into the songs and try to share it with the audience tomorrow night. Now come on and let's go get clean so we can come back here and make love. Then we'll take Jesus for a walk and get some breakfast." 

We sat on the veranda and had coffee from the insulated carafe that the room steward brought us. I brushed and petted Jesus while we sat there. He really liked being brushed and usually would only allow Barbara to do it. He had an uncanny sense of who to trust and was a better judge of character than any person I had ever met. Even while being groomed and petted he never stopped being aware of what Barbara was doing and who was near her. 

When Bradley and Gina joined us, Jesus checked them out and cleared them for being with us. He watched as they both leaned over to kiss Barbara and made sure that nothing threatened her. He seemed a little confused by the fact that we were all still naked but it didn't upset him. 

I looked at Gina and wondered how many women would kill to look as good as she did straight out of the bed after a night of debauchery. She elevated the just fucked look to an art form. If anything it made her even more beautiful. Her eyes locked onto mine and acknowledged the silent compliment I was paying her by coming over and putting her arms around me and kissing me. My hands went directly to her ass. 

"I love you too Linda. You look mighty nice with that sexually satisfied demeanor you have on your face this morning. If you need any help keeping it, I'd be glad to assist you." 

"Barbara and I are headed to the bath. Please join us and then we can all three have some wake up sex together." 

"Sounds like fun to me. Are you still as horny as you look?" 

"Maybe more so. My body seems to like this aphrodisiac you gave me. I don't feel the slightest hint that it's wearing off. I wonder if there will be residual effects after the seventy-two hours are up?" 

"It wouldn't surprise me. I doubt if they even bothered to make an antidote or a counteractant for it. Who'd want it?" 

"Certainly not I. Let's head for the bath." 

Gina opted for the shower while Barbara and I hopped in the tub. This bath was just for getting clean and we didn't linger to play with each other. We all wanted to get back to the bed. I took the bottle of body lotion with me and asked Barbara to help me rub it all over Gina's fabulous body. We met Bradley on the way to the bedroom and I asked him if he had ever gotten a blowjob from three women before. 

"No I haven't but I'd sure like to. Let me take a quick shower and I'll let you show me how it's done." 

While Bradley was washing up, Gina lay on her back in the bed. "Barbara, you straddle her stomach so you can rub those scrumptious tits and I'll start on her legs." Barbara swung her leg over Gina's torso and held out her hands. I poured some lotion in them and she began to rub it on Gina's chest. 

"Ohhhh Gina your breasts are incredible. They're so soft and warm and full. I can't even get one completely in my hand. Ooooohhhh I love them." 

"You've got pretty breasts too Barbara. I just love watching them sway while you rub me. Your nipples are the prettiest shade of pink I've ever seen. I think it's cute that it matches your vagina." 

"Doesn't everybody's?" 

"I haven't seen everybody's but mine sure doesn't. My slit is about the same color as yours but my nipples and areolas are darker and so are my outer pussy lips. I guess my DNA had a more varied palette to choose from when it was putting me together. You blondes tend to have the pastel thing going just about everywhere. It gives you that little girl look that drives men wild." 

"It might drive some men wild but speaking as a mature woman I've never seen a more alluring pussy than yours Gina. Your clit is an anatomical masterpiece. The different shades of pink displayed between your legs are gorgeous and very arousing. I'm kind of somewhere in the middle between you two; not quite as consistent as Barbara but nowhere near as varied as you Gina." 

"I'd love to be able to see you Gina. Linda makes you sound like an artist has painted you. Maybe that's what makes you taste so good." 

"Speaking of tasting, why don't you slide up here so I can taste that pretty little blonde pussy for a while. Ohhhhh Barbara, it's like a sweet cupcake with pink icing on it." 

This made Barbara laugh and she asked, "Do you want me to put sprinkles on it?" 

That caused Gina to start laughing and the two of them acted like they were twelve years old with Barbara's legs spread over Gina's face. I could see Gina's tongue and lips licking and sucking Barbara's adorable twat. She was gently rocking forward and backward, rubbing her slit over Gina's hungry mouth; her tongue snaking close to Barbara's asshole as she moved forward. 

I spread Gina's legs apart and she pulled her knees up to give me access to her crotch. I lay on my stomach between her legs and looked at Barbara sitting astride Gina's face. They were both about the same size and height, five feet eight inches tall and a hundred and twenty five pounds give or take. But that's where the similarity ended. Barbara had the creamy complexion of a real blonde while Gina's skin tone was more Mediterranean. They both had long hair but different color and texture. Gina had a slight all over tan where Barbara's skin hadn't been touched by the sun. 

I began to lick up Gina's moist slit with broad laps of my tongue and was rewarded with her juices trickling into my mouth with each lick. I could feel my own juices leaking out of me and wondered which one of us was wetter. 

I could hear Barbara mewing and whimpering as Gina's talented tongue worked its magic on her clit. Her mouth had completely engulfed the sensitive nub and her tongue was mauling it mercilessly. She began just below the pink nub and firmly dragged her fully extended tongue up and over it slowly until the tip slipped past it. She repeated this tongue scraping over and over, driving Barbara crazy with intense sexual stimulation. Her whimpers turned into tremulous little screams under Gina's continued harassment of her sensitive clit. 

I decided to give Gina a similar treatment. I first put my puckered lips on her hood and gently sucked until her large clit emerged like a miniature cock. I sucked it with my pursed lips with only a little pressure and barely touched the tip of my tongue against it. Her legs flinched as a tremor ran through her whole body. 

I pressed my mouth forward and drew more of the pink knob into my mouth, pushing the spongy hood back to expose it completely. Now it was my turn to tremble as I sucked and tenderly nibbled on her engorged protuberance. I loved sucking her. I couldn't decide which I loved more, sucking her clit or sucking Bradley's magnificent cock. She began to push herself against my mouth and pull back like she was fucking my face. I inserted my finger into her wet vagina and rubbed it in little circles. She began to moan into Barbara's cunt and the vibrations caused Barbara to start moaning with her. 

The effect of the pills was still at full strength and within minutes both women were rocked by intense orgasms. When Gina's hit her I withdrew my finger and covered her opening with my mouth as she filled it with her hot juice. Her legs squeezed against the sides of my head as her stomach muscles flexed and released, causing her to gush her sweet nectar into my mouth like a man ejaculates. 

When she finally pulled her mouth off Barbara's pussy, she flung her arms out to either side and gasped, "Ohhhh my god. The orgasms these pills are giving us just keep on getting more and more intense with each one. I didn't know I could cum like that. It felt like my vagina was going to turn inside out. Linda, baby, the things you do to me are incredible. No wonder I love you so much. Nobody's ever made me feel this good." 

Barbara swung her leg off Gina's face and lay down beside her. I crawled up and lay on her other side. "Gina my love, it was as much fun to do it to you as it was to have it done to me. I could suck on your clit for hours." 

"I might let you do just that and see how long it's possible to keep cumming." 

"Barbara, how are you doing? You're being awfully quiet." 

"Gina did the same thing to me that you did to her. I'm so blissed out I can't speak. I'm still having little aftershocks and my clit is tingling." 

Bradley walked into the bedroom and surveyed the aftermath of our little orgy and said, "I'm not sure any of you are in good enough shape to give me a blowjob." 

"On the contrary, we were just getting warmed up, weren't we girls?" 

"Yeah Bradley, don't underestimate our capacity to recover. We'll be ready to go again by the time you get comfortable. Lay down here on your back and we'll get started." 

"Barbara, you get between his legs. You're going to suck his balls first while Gina and I start on his cock. We'll rotate in a little while so you can have his cock in your mouth when he cums." 

Gina and I knelt on either side of his hips and turned our asses so he could get his hands on them while we were sucking him. His cock was still flaccid but even soft it was nice and thick. We took turns licking the length of it pausing between licks to kiss each other so we could share the taste of Gina's and Barbara's pussy which was still fresh in our mouths. I felt Bradley's hand on my ass as his fingers crept toward my still wet slit. I assumed Gina was getting the same treatment. 

As his cock began to stir and stiffen, his finger insinuated itself into my dripping vagina and began to saw in and out. His fingers were of sufficient size to make it feel like I had a small cock in me and it was producing the same effect. When his cock was hard enough, I held it upright with my hand around the lower part while Gina began to lick and suck on the mushroom shaped head. I don't know if it was a result of the pill but she was producing quite a lot of saliva, which was sliding down his shaft towards my encircling fingers. 

Bradley's hard cock felt fantastic in my hand. I thought about how I had just finished sucking Gina's incredibly sexy clit and how much I loved doing it and now I was just as in love with having my hand wrapped around Bradley's warm thick shaft. I moved my hand up toward the top and stopped when I reached the head and felt Gina's lips sliding over it. I waited for her to deposit more saliva on it and when she did I slid it down his shaft to slowly coat it. After several repetitions I had it covered in a thick slimy coating of spit so I could slide my hand up and down with ease. 

As I slid my hand up and down his hard shaft I wondered why I didn't do this for Ed. I was determined to change that when we got back home. I knew he would enjoy my doing it as much as I would. Ashley was right, sometimes masturbating was as good as fucking, whether you were doing it to yourself or to someone else. I felt a different sort of sexual thrill knowing I could make a man cum this way and I loved seeing his pearly discharge spurt out the tip of his cock and cover my fingers in hot cum. 

Gina began taking more of his hard cock in her mouth as I increased the tempo of my stroking him. She was making muffled moaning sounds around his cock due to what he was doing in her pussy with his finger. When he put his thumb on my clit and moved it in little circles I assumed he was doing the same thing to Gina because the moaning increased in volume and intensity. Her mouth was sliding half way down his shaft now and leaving more saliva on it as she slid back up. My hand followed her mouth up his shaft then led it back down as she enveloped it. I could only hope it felt as good to him as it did to us. 

I looked down at Barbara and saw that she was having a delightful time licking and sucking on first one ball then the other. She had them coated in spit the same way we had done to his shaft. Her delicate fingers pulled on his scrotum as she slurped each testicle into her puckered lips and then completely surrounded it with her mouth. She appeared to be munching on them as she moved her lower jaw up and down to gently squeeze his oval organs between her tongue and palate. It was obvious she was really enjoying herself as much as Gina and I were. 

"Barbara I want you to switch places with Gina now." Gina reluctantly yielded her place and slid around to help Barbara move up next to Bradley's hip. "Barbara before you start using your mouth on him I want you to straddle his hips." She moved up on her knees and I helped her swing her leg over him and adjusted her position so her fuzzy little peach of a pussy was directly over the tip of his cock. "Now spread your legs slowly until you feel his cock on your slit. As soon as she made contact I began to rub the head back and forth along her wet, pink slit. 

The mixture of her juices, Gina's spit and Bradley's precum made an excellent lubricant and I loved watching his big head slide between her outrageously pink labia as I moved it from her asshole to her clit. Her hands cupped her breasts and her head tilted back as she lost herself in the sensation of Bradley's cock moving through her pussy. I stopped when his tip was at her entrance. "Barbara slide you legs further apart and press down with your hips. His bulbous head spread her tight hole in all directions as it entered her. 

"Ooooohhhhh yes that's it baby. Feel that hot cockhead poking into you. Squeeze it. Move up and down on it just a little so you can cover it with your sweet nectar. Use one of your hands to rub your clit." She followed my directions like a musician following a conductor. She was facing toward Bradley's head so he could see his hard cock teasing in and out of her as she softly undulated up and down on it while I continued to stroke his shaft. 

"Oh God Linda, watching her do this is really getting me excited. You've elevated the blowjob to a whole new level. Her tight little snatch feels just like a mouth sucking my head only without teeth. I'm not going to be able to take much more of this." 

"OK Barbara, you heard him. Hop off and turn around so you can finish him with that delectable mouth of yours." She did as I told her and I guided his cock to her lips. She engulfed the head while I continued to stroke him then she began bobbing up and down on him. I gently squeezed his thick cock as Gina managed to get both his big balls in her mouth and taunt them with her tongue. It was soon apparent that sweet little innocent Barbara was no stranger to sucking cock. She managed to take a little more than half of Bradley's fat shaft into her mouth as I jerked the rest with my hand. 

"Oh, oh, ohhhhh... Barbara you're making me cum." She held his head between her lips as I stroked him faster until I felt the first jet of his thick cream spew into her mouth. I moved in and pulled it out of her mouth so I could cover it with my own just as the second volley sprayed over my tongue. I directed the head back to Barbara and we took turns swallowing his cum as he continued to spurt it into our mouths. Gina kept her mouth on his balls the entire time. 

"Ladies we need to make this a regular part of waking up for the next two days. That was fabulous. Barbara, you are one sexy woman." 

Barbara giggled and said, "Thank you Bradley. It was my pleasure to make you feel good. And your cum tastes great. Maybe we can find some time to do this again with just you and me so I don't have to share." 

"Barbara, don't be a little pig. You can have his cock all to yourself but I get to lick your pussy while you're blowing him. I think it's time to get the day started. We need to get some breakfast and you need to find Bobby and rehearse your performance. Gina what are you thinking about doing today?" 

"I don't get much time to do nothing so I'm going to take advantage of a day to just relax. I think it would be nice to hang out by the pool in between having sex with you, Bradley, Mark and Ashley." 

"That sounds like a good plan to me too. I want to get a little vertical exercise too so I might want to go to the gym and take a walk around the top deck. Speaking of exercise, we should take Jesus up to his area so he can do his morning business." 

"Let me put on some shorts and a t-shirt Linda and we can take him up." 

When Barbara and I returned from walking Jesus we found Gina and Ashley in the tub together playing with each other. Barbara took a quick shower then got dressed to rehearse. Mark and Bradley had gone to the gym so I accompanied Barbara to the big showroom where they held the live entertainment. It had a large stage and a sound system so Barbara and Bobby could get a feel for what playing in a big room felt like. When we got to the entrance there was a sign set up on an easel that announced that tonight's show was going to be a special surprise concert by Chris Botti. 

"Barbara, did you know Chris Botti was going to be on this cruise?" 

"No way. I love his music. We'll have to be sure and come see him tonight." 

"I'll find out if we need to make a reservation while your practicing and make sure we can attend tonight. Now you and Bobby get to work. How long do you have to rehearse in here?" 

Bobby said, "They told me we could use the room for two hours and then they would be setting up for the concert tonight." 

"OK, it's nine thirty now so I'll be back here at eleven thirty and then you can take a break and lay out by the pool and get some lunch. Bobby you're welcome to join us if you want." 
