 A cool breeze drifts through the window of their hotel room. Matt sits waiting for the love of his life to emerge from the shower. He jokes with Margot about using all the hot water for the entire island. He enjoys the thought of his wife's showers however, imagining her curvaceous body covered in soap and bubbles. Margot often sings softly to herself whilst showering. This evening she sings sweet songs from their wedding, 'Something Changed' and songs from Damon Albarn. She has an angelic voice, Matt thinks whilst drinking an ice cold beer. 

The sounds of cascading water ceases and Matt's wife emerges from her steamy hotel shower room. Margot wears a white towel as she enters the room, the cooling air from the window hitting her skin causes pleasant sensations to dance across her body. She has chosen a short towel and not by accident, she wants to tease and play with her husband. 

Margot knows how much desire her husband holds for her. She is a runner and her legs are evidence of this; long, toned, and strong. Browned from many adventures in the sun on her holiday island with Matt. Her towel - which only covers her body partially - falls. 

Matt, who already feels turned on by his hot wife, is aware that he is getting even more excited, and of course this is Margot's desired effect. Her curves are fully on show now, driving Matt to say, "you look stunning darling, shall we skip going out and stay here? You look so beautiful." 

Margot is shy about her body, but she knows how she makes Matt feel and loves the attention... she simply says, "tonight we are going to have some extra special fun and you will have to wait darling." She comes over to him, drinks a slug of his beer, squeezes his already erect dick through his trousers and delicately licks his upper lip. "I'm getting ready now and I am going to wear that short dress, my see-through bra and panties...you like?" 

Matt felt powerless and in the grip of his sexy wife's seductive powers, simply gulps and said, "yes darling, I like!" Her face lights up with her incredible smile, her gorgeous blue eyes sparkle and she finishes getting ready for an exciting night. 

Margot has always struggled to express her sexuality. She is shy and sensitive and doesn't have much experience with men, and the men she's had have ground down her self esteem. Matt's love and adoration have opened her up like a flower and she can feel her confidence blooming. As she becomes secure in their relationship, she can feel her sexual passion growing, and she has become more and more eager to engage in the exploration of each other's bodies. 

She finds herself hungry to carry out sexual acts that she has previously dismissed thinking they were only performed by porn stars. An innocent back massage leaves her desperate for those oily fingers to reach down and stroke her clitoris. She finds her back arching to meet his body in a ravenous attempt to slide his dick into her moist wet lady cave. She takes Matt's dick into her mouth and swallows it all the way to his balls relishing the way it turns him on. She is constantly surprised by this new sexual appetite.

They had begun discussing sexual fantasies, and she is amazed by the new possibilities that her discovered sexuality was offering. She had always imagined herself to be normal and a bit on the prudish side. However with her sexual demon awakened she realised there was potential for more and more erotic experiences. 

She and Matt had been using role play within their love making for a while, imagining that their fucking was a performance watched by an audience who applauded their sexual tousling and carnal cries. Margot had started to wear alluring lingerie including crotchless panties and would pretend to be a dominatrix, the sexual control felt from her feigned aggressiveness and Matt's arousal spurring her on to a lust she hadn't known was possible. 

Recently their burgeoning sex talk had progressed past the idea of bedroom voyeurs to imagining that another man was actively engaged in their sex life. The mystery man would begin by sitting on the sidelines, sometimes he would hold Margot down whilst Matt fucked her, or he would suck Margot's tits whilst she sucked his cock and Matt watched, or both men would be involved and Margot would writhe in pleasure whilst Matt licked her clitoris and she would delicately lick the tip of the mystery man's penis. 

The mutual gratification experienced from these imaginary exploits inspired them to take their sexual indulgence further. Over several wine fuelled evenings they discussed how they would feel if their imaginary man became real. After much talk and plenty more sexy fantasy enactments, each was convinced the other was 100% comfortable with the idea of a second man joining them in the bedroom. Margot recalls these deliberations with excitement as she pulls on her see-through panties, a tingle of pleasure budding in her groin.

They enter the night air with excitement and naughty thoughts playing across their minds. Matt loves the feelings his wife creates in him, just by a knowing look or a flash of her sexy body. Tonight he is in a constant state of arousal for the potential this evening offers. The culmination of a weeks worth of ever increasing flirtatious behaviour by his wife, Matt knew Margot meant this to be the night, the night she would change fantasy into reality for them both. The cicadas are going wild as they walk, a riot of expression. A perfect sound track for them both.

It is a short stroll down to the sea-front bar in their little bay. As they get closer to the bar they notice light pouring out of the open windows causing deep shadows to strike the tables stationed on the side of the harbour. A perfect place for a drink and for Margot to make her final move on the focus of her flirtatious exploits! She pulls on her husbands' hand and pulls them both in to a darkened alleyway, looks him in the eye and tells him she loves him more than she ever thought possible. 

She is very excited by the evening, but wants reassurance that they both want the same thing, a sexy threesome with the guy from the harbour-side bar. Her man pulls her close, showing her with his whole body that he trusts her and wants this fantasy to leap from their imaginations and into their bed. 

Matt has always been incredibly turned on by every inch of his wife's body, her ability to control a sexual situation and the way she dances around the edge of shyness and total sexual dominance. The thought of her with another man is the pinnacle of this. Being part of her reign of sexual prowess over him and another guy, sends him wild. 

So he simply whispers into her ear, "You are the love of my life..." 

She looks into Matt's eyes, strokes the side of his face and whispers, "I want our sexy barman to fuck me while I suck on your big dick husband." A sly smile creeps across her face, accentuated by her bright red lipstick. Matt loses a breath and felt shudders throughout his body, hearing his wife say such sexy naughtiness makes his balls scream with pleasure. 

They choose their usual table right by the sea, where they can listen to the waves lapping at the shore and watch their sexy waiter courting the tables. The pair share a cheeky smile as the object of their fantasies approaches their table. "Ola," says Juan in his sexy Spanish accent. "What would you like tonight?" 

"We fancy something a bit different tonight, Juan, do you think you could help us?" Margot gazes up at Juan with lustful eyes. 

Embarrassed, Juan blushes and strokes the back of his head, and gives a nervous giggle. "Will you be eating tonight?" 

Margot leans forward so that her cleavage is exposed and accentuated, looking straight into his eyes she says, "I hope so, Juan, what do you suggest?" 

"My wife has a large appetite!" Matt smiles at Juan knowingly. 

As the night progresses Matt and his wife giggle to each other about Juan and his awkward reaction to her obvious flirtatious behaviour. Matt suggests to Margot that she should be a bit more physical the next time their waiter approaches. Margot says, "how do you mean? Like this?" She reaches into her husbands lap and feels his dick through his shorts! He is already excited by the general behaviour of his wife, but now the thought of her taking control of Juan in this manner is extremely hot. He becomes hard in seconds and simply nods to his wife. He knows what she wants and her dominance of the nights' events is very exciting to him. 

The evening darkens and a warm breeze runs its fingers seductively through their hair. It is late and they have the harbour to themselves. Juan approaches with fresh beers for them both. Margot has adjusted her dress so that her cleavage is so exposed that her nipples are almost visible. Flustered, Juan stumbles as he puts the beers on the table, dropping a bottle which bounces off the table and foams down the front of his shorts. "Mierda!" He exclaims.

"Let me get that," says Margot, reaching for a napkin, she looks up at him coyly whilst she dabs at the beer, rubbing at his shorts and feeling his penis expanding under her touch. She smiles at him and rubs his groin harder. As she feels him throbbing, she can feel her body responding primally, there's a tingle in her clitoris and she feels her vagina moistening as her shared fantasy comes closer to becoming a reality. She grips his shaft and whispers, "I'd like to get my lips around that." 

Juan looks nervously at Matt, who smiles and takes hold of his wife's hand. She says, "I want to fuck you both tonight, what time do you finish, Juan?"

Juan joins the couple at their table after finishing his shift. Nervous and excited, he can't believe how utterly gorgeous this lady is, brimming with sexual energy and confidence. They sit and enjoy a few beers and another bottle of wine liberated from the bar, they all giggle somewhat nervously about the night ahead and enjoy the late nights' warmth. 

Margot is a little nervous, but is certainly not showing it, deliberately stroking both mens dicks with her hand, whilst looking deeply into their eyes. Matt can't help but notice his wife's pussy is fully on show now, her dress hitched up seductively. His hand meets her vagina, she is wet with desire and clearly ready to take this back to their apartment. She orders both men up assertively! 

Her men are powerless to do anything but follow as Margot walks up the hill, her bewitching dress showing flashes of her round juicy bum as it rises and falls. The short trip up the hill remains full with the sound of cicadas. The night is electric and full of promise. 

Juan whispers something to Matt out of earshot of Margot. Both men confidently push their bodies against Margot, Juan from behind and Matt in front, taking Margot by surprise. Margot lets out a groan of delight as her two lovers' embrace is felt. Four hands dancing around her curves feels orgasmic. Both mens arms hold her tight, Juan kissing her neck delicately and skilfully, whilst Matt kisses her passionately and lovingly. Margot is lost to another world. She can feel hands touching her breasts, circling her stiff nipples, others flirting with her swollen and wet vagina. 

Momentarily and very enjoyably she had lost her dominance, thinking to herself we must explore this another night! She pushes them away, stating that she calls the shots! 

Juan is feeling much more confident now, the drink at the bar and sexy talk spurring him on. Matt and Margot are a couple enjoying their security, love and carnal pleasures. Tonight he is part of that, he feels fully under the spell of Margot's burgeoning sexual virility. 

It is time for her to take back control. She orders them both up against the wall, comes in between them and begins wanking their hard dicks, stroking them simultaneously. Leaning in to kiss them in turn, but only to pull away millimetres from their lips. Witnessing the frustration expressing itself across their faces as she toys with them, wanking them hard, their full shafts feeling every stroke of her tight grip. She can hear by their breathing her two lovers are getting close to fulfilment. Margot simply stops, orders them to pull up their pants and follow her as she giggles and runs down the steps to their apartment. 

Matt and and Juan feel again powerless, their little attempt at control has been lost this evening. Unbeknown to them they have sparked further thoughts and possibilities in Margot's mind, she is more turned on than ever, but isn't about to lose her dominance this evening. 

Moonlight pours in through the bedroom window, caressing Margot's plentiful breasts and dancing down her lithe limbs as she stretches out on the bed. "Take your clothes off, boys," she says as she fondles her breasts, pushing them together. Matt stands by the window, his erection clearly silhouetted in the silvery light. He starts to unbutton his shirt slowly, his fingers tracing down his breastbone as he slides the material apart. 

Margot smiles at him passionately and turns her attention to Juan, who is standing awkwardly at the end of the bed, the reality of the situation tempering his sexual desire. Margot rolls onto her chest, bringing herself onto all fours. She prowls towards Juan felinely, looking up at him with a predatory grin. "Why so shy, sexy?" 

She reaches for his groin with one hand and curls her other round the nape of his neck, stroking her fingers through his dark downy hair. She draws his head towards hers, her tongue seeking out his lips, delicately licking the rim of his mouth. She feels his body shudder and draws him gently to the bed, squeezing his bulging penis harder. Her tongue darts in and out of his mouth, sinuously massaging his tongue. As she begins to unbutton his shorts, he groans with pleasure. As the zip on his shorts is pulled down, Juan's virile member springs out and quivers tautly. Margot licks her lips with appreciation. 

She looks over at her husband, who stands naked at the head of the bed, his supple chest heaving with excitement. "Do you want me to suck his big dick darling?" Matt groans and stumbles forward, catching himself on the bed post, intoxicated by his wife, her sexual power and the thought of the pleasure Juan is about to receive. She grins at Juan and pushes him to the bed. He hurriedly strips his t-shirt, revealing his burly chest already glistening with anticipatory sweat. 

Margot straddles Juan, kissing his mouth voraciously, and rubs her groin against him. He gasps as he feels her wet vagina rub against his stiff cock, at some point she has removed her underwear. Margot giggles and moves her body down his, licking a line down his chest to his pubic bone, then back up his chest to tease each nipple in turn. His body squirms under hers, and he puts an arm round her back to draw her close. "No Juan, I'm in control," she whispers assertively into his ear as she flings his arms away. 

Matt has moved round the bed so that he can watch his wife cavort. She again moves her body up and down against Juan's, pressing her breasts against his face so he licks her hard nipples then rubbing herself all the way down his body until his dick nestles between her breasts, which she presses together in a sensual embrace. Margot looks over at her husband one more time with eyes filled with hunger and glee before reaching down to tenderly lick Juan's penis. She softly licks around his head, sucks his bellend and pushes his penis down into her throat, sucking and licking on his shaft all the time. 

Margot smiles up at her husband and maintains eye contact whilst Juan whimpers beneath her. She beckons for Matt to come closer and grips his shaft firmly, leading him towards her. Matt moans softly and strokes her thighs, pushing the skirt of her dress up to uncover her firm round buttocks and finally pulling off her dress, revealing the entirety of her femininity. As Margot begins to wank Matt, her fingers deftly running up and down his shaft and tickling his head and balls, she keeps sucking on Juan all the time. 

Matt is overcome with euphoria, so overwhelmed with his wife's sexual dominance that he had always known was within her waiting to be unleashed. His strong, hot hands massage her lower back, her buttocks and move round to her enlarged clitoris, tickling it gently. He experiences a new rush of ecstasy as his hands reach her soaking vagina and it becomes clear just how turned on she is. Matt's fingers move deftly in and out of his wife's moist pussy and rub her clitoris until she moans with pleasure. Her husky moan unleashes fresh pleasure for Juan as his cock experiences the vibrations deep in her throat. 

Turned on by her husband, Margot slides Juan out of her mouth and kisses the tip of Matt's penis. She flashes a captivating smile at Matt then turns to Juan and says, "do you want to fuck me now?" She turns around so that her sexy arse faces Juan in a position where she can also reach Matt and slips his pulsating cock straight into her mouth, licking him ravenously. Juan, keen to prolong Margot's anticipation, rubs her glistening vagina so that she cries out with pleasure. 

Unable to contain himself any further, Juan thrusts his cock deep into the object of his desire, relishing the heat of Margot's pussy enveloping him. Margot sucks her husband harder and faster in response, murmuring and sighing against his rigid cock. Margot's vagina grips Juan's penis in a warm embrace as Juan pounds himself backwards and forwards, rhythmically slapping his body against her arse again and again, building Margot towards climax. Gripping her sexy waist, levering his cock in and out, losing his mind in complete and utter passion. 

Margot's tongue manipulates Matt's penis as she writhes in pleasure, rocking back and forwards up both of her partner's shafts, her hand massaging Matt's perineum and balls as she sucks on his cock. 

Matt, in a total bliss of exhilaration, deep in the midst of his most salacious fantasy, strokes his hands all over his wife's body, fondling her breasts, teasing her pert nipples, feeling the curves of her body. Conscious of his body's responses to the eroticism of the night, he pulls out of his wife's mouth, knowing he is about to come but wanting the night to never end. He kisses his wife passionately, both hands encircling her head, looking into her eyes as she's fucked from behind. 

"Fuck me Juan!" Exclaims Margot. Juan drives into Margot harder and harder. His helmet and balls tingling in anticipation, he reacts to her cries by thrusting faster and faster. "Fuck me!" 

Juan and Margot feel their orgasms build up to a crescendo, just as Juan shouts, "I'm going to come!" Margot flips onto her back and Juan comes all over her tits, his warm spunk splattering across her heaving cleavage in arcs of sexy white droplets. 

Juan flops to the side, exhausted, and Margot reaches to Matt, a naughty smile on her lips. They kiss long and hard, their tongues entwined. "Good fucking, Juan," Margot says contentedly, gazing across at him. She pulls her husband close and with urgency in her voice demands he fuck her hard from behind too. 

Matt's cock quivers with delight at her confidence and grips her round hips and runs his hands across her back. Juan, although spent, is still very much under the sexual spell of this sexy woman. He moves in front of her and fondles her tits as they bounce to the beat of Matt's fucking. She glances back over her shoulder in clear delight and exhilaration as the two men rub, fuck and feel her. Matt drives harder and harder, feeling the waves of euphoria lapping around his cock, his wife's vagina bucking on him causing intense feelings to build beyond his control. 

Juan excitedly runs his hands over Margot's riving body as she screams, "Fuck me Matt! Fuck me hard!" Matt looks up from his lovers' bouncing and bucking arse in an attempt to prolong their orgasm, to see Juan being sucked once more. He rams his cock in and out, slapping her hard with his groin, an explosion of sexual pleasure erupting in them both sending streams of come into Margot's sated pussy. 
