 Author’s note: Whereas the people represented here are real, this is a true fantasy. For a variety of reasons this will never take place. Hopefully this does not diminish its erotic value. Again, my story is told in the narrative form.

Introduction:

They were three people of various ages. Two of them were close in age, but the third was a number of years younger than either of them. They had also known each other for many years. This was mostly in the hospital where they all had previously worked. The dynamic was two women and one man.

Since they worked in offices on the same floor, the two women used to get together and go on breaks and eat lunch during the week. During this time they would talk about everything. Mostly, they talked about sex. They were both healthy women in that respect. They even read erotic stories back at their desks. They would call each other up if one or the other found a very good, pussy wetting story. 

They both loved to be turned on and have wet pussies. One lunch they went to a sex shop and perused the wonderful items there. It was during this trip that they talked about having sex with another woman. The younger had experienced it in college, but because of experience (a ‘friend’ tried to do her without even asking in the middle of the night), she decided that that was the end of that experimentation. The older woman hadn’t as yet done that. Well, that is to say not when she was an adult. She had done the usual touching girls sometimes do when a friend sleeps over and they are going through puberty (the wooden handle of a jump rope was her first dildo). However, she was interested in trying it.

Beyond the same interests in sex, they discovered that they both shaved their pussies bare. The older woman also liked to go commando. About the only time she wore panties was during her period. The younger one liked to do that occasionally as well, but she preferred wearing thongs.

You are now wondering about the man of the story. Since it was mentioned that they all met in a hospital, you would be correct in guessing that he is a physician. A very handsome man, he had pretty much all the women panting after him. If you believe the grapevines that run rampant in hospitals, you would think that he would fuck any beautiful female that crossed his threshold. Maybe he did and maybe he didn’t, was it truly anybody’s business? No, it wasn’t. But tongues wagged anyway. What a lot of people didn’t know or possibly didn’t want to know was the loyalty of this man to his friends.

It was because of this loyalty, that the older woman dreamed up this story for him.



Part I:

They had scattered. The only one remaining in the same area was Desiree. Angela had married and moved away and Roger recently also moved away. Although these changes had happened, one thing that hadn’t changed and that was the fact the all three were still very sexual and sensual people. E-mails and phone calls were frequently exchanged and more often than not, there would always be discussion of sex.

Roger always admired the assets of Angela. She was young and still had perky tits. Added that to the fact that she would occasionally let him know how smooth her pussy was, well I am sure you can imagine the effect it had on him. 

Desiree also admired the assets of Angela and thought that if it were possible, she would have liked to have the opportunity to play with her. Every so once in a while, she would ponder this, knowing full well that it probably would never happen.

But, never say never. Sometimes opportunities you would never think open up are all of a sudden right there for you to grab. This is exactly what happened to these three people. Not only that, but a there was a bonus opportunity as well. Yes, it was also grabbed. It left the people involved with wonderful memories.

As it happened the opportunity presented itself in the summer. Angela and Roger still had some ties in the area where Desiree lived and fate conspired to have them both in the area at the same time. Desiree knew Roger would be coming to town as they had continued to exchange e-mail (she loved to drive him crazy by sending him explicit e-mail knowing full well that he would be sitting in his office getting an erection). She didn’t know Angela was coming until she had a phone call saying she was already here. That’s when the idea popped into Desiree’s head. What if she could get Angela to come over when Roger was already at her apartment. She would have to figure out if Angela would be amenable to the fun that would be had and the best way to do that would be to invite Angela over a couple of days before the arranged meeting with Roger.

Then another opportunity came knocking. Desiree’s occasional sex partner was available. She had always wanted to be with both Roger and Trey and now it looked that was going to happen. Since both men knew this and expressed the same desire, it was easy to set it all up.

Now the wildcard. Desiree had invited Angela over for a gabfest and some wine. They caught up rather quickly on the usual news and then they started reminiscing about the coffee breaks and lunches they would do together. Needless to say, talk eventually wound around to sex. Desiree mentioned the trip to the sex shop (they went because Desiree needed to buy some gifts for her friend who, at the time, was turning 50). She told Angela how she had wanted to go back with her and try on some of the clothing items that were sold there. She mentioned that she had been back a couple of times to pick a few items for herself including a bustier. Angela wanted to see it, so Desiree led her back to her bedroom.

As she went to her dresser to get the bustier, she pointed out the bench in the room and mentioned how is also stored things. Before she could tell Angela that she stored her sex toys and videos in there, Angela already had the lid up and was looking through the collection. While Angela was rummaging through the toys and videos, Desiree got out the bustier as well as other clothing items she had in her collection. She had nipple exposed shelf bras in various colors, a cupless teddy, a slinky red chemise, and a few g-strings/thongs. Desiree thought she might have a way of getting Angela to play with her.

Desiree laid out the garments on the bed and went over to where Angela was rifling through the sex toys. She grabbed a bunch of items and told Angela to do the same and they put it on the bed. 

To Desiree’s surprise, it was Angela who suggested a fashion show. That was the thought Desiree had to get Angela naked and in bed. It would have been to much to ask to have had them undress each other, but that was ok. As they undressed, Desiree noticed that although Angela’s breasts were still riding high, gravity was starting to do it’s work, but in a very nice way. One thing that anybody else in the room would have noticed was the fact that the nipples on both women were very erect.

As they stood there, naked, they both looked down at each other and chuckled. They had both shaved their pussies nice and smooth. What neither woman knew at the time was the fact that not only were they both shaved smooth, but they were both very wet and in need of a good fuck.

Desiree started putting on the bustier. This would take some time as there were hooks along the whole length of the back. Angela decided to put on the teddy. This was quick since there were no fasteners. Once she had it on, she then put on the hose and attached them to the garters. She was done well before Desiree and so she went over and told Desiree to move the bustier around so the hooks were in the back and she would finish fastening them. 

While Angela was finishing up with the hooks, Desiree got a pair of hose and started pulling them up and fastening them. Soon both women were ‘dressed’ and they started posing. By now they had started on their second bottle of wine so any inhibitions they might have had were totally gone. Desiree was wishing that she had arranged for Trey to come by as it would have been fun to have him take pictures with his digital camera. But, since she didn’t know what the outcome would be and she really did need to get an idea of what Angela might be up for while she was her, that possibility would have to wait until next time.

With the silliness and moving about, Desiree need to make an adjustment of her tits in the bustier. As she slid her hand in to one side, Angela came over and pulled her hand away. She wanted to do it. So Desiree let her. Angela slid her hand in one side and lifted Desiree’s heavy breast and settled it better into the bustier cup. In doing so, rather on purpose or accidentally, she brushed her fingers against Desiree’s nipple. Angela didn’t look up as Desiree did a quick intake of breath, she just moved her hand to the other breast and settled it in the cup better. This time there was no mistaking the intent as Angela pinched and then rolled Desiree’s nipple between her thumb and forefinger.

Desiree, without even thinking about, moved her hand to Angela’s nipples. Since they were totally exposed it was easy to get to them. She cupped Angela’s breast and then pinched and played with her nipples. Desiree’s pussy was really wet now. She could feel it start to drip down her legs. Angela finally lifted her head and looked at Desiree. Desiree bent her head towards Angela and they kissed. Gently, in a testing way at first. But, as each woman realized that the other wasn’t going to back off, they got more insistent. As they kissed, the massaged each other’s tits

Desiree was the first to break the kiss. As she did, she immediately dropped her mouth to Angela’s nipple and started to suck and nibble on the little knob. This had the effect of making Angela take Desiree’s whole breast in her hand and massage it. She then leaned over and took Desiree’s nipple in her mouth. Desiree had one of Angela’s nipples in her mouth and the other was being massaged with her fingers. She wanted to slide her hand to Angela’s pussy, but she also didn’t want to rush anything. Maybe this was as far as Angela would go.

Desiree felt Angela’s mouth leave her nipple and inwardly groaned. Maybe this was all that they would do. If so, then there was no way that Angela would be coming over when Roger was here. But then Angela lifted Desiree’s head up and started kissing her again. This time with more urgency. And then Desiree got her wish. She felt Angela’s hand slide between her thighs and a finger moving between the folds of her pussy. This was going to work after all.

Taking her cue for Angela, Desiree moved her hand to between Angela’s thighs and started sliding her middle finger up and down the length of her pussy. When she reached the top, she gave Angela’s clit a little extra rub. On the downward stroke, Desiree slid her finger into Angela’s hot, wet cunt. Angela started to copy everything Desiree did to her pussy.

They needed to lie down, but the bed was covered with clothing and sex toys. Desiree broke the kiss and, albeit reluctantly, removed her hand from Angela’s pussy. Without a word she just started to quickly clear the bed. She did, however, was careful to move the toys to within easy reach. With Angela’s help they had the bed cleared, the bed covers thrown back. At this point they also decided to get totally naked. They quickly undid the hooks of Desiree’s bustier and soon they were both naked.

They closed in on each other and hugged. Then they started kissing and lowering themselves to the bed. They laid down on their sides, facing each other and continued to kiss. Their tongues dancing in each other’s mouth. Soon, they hands started to slide down and once again they found each other’s now extraordinarily wet pussies. Desiree, wanting to make sure that everything was ok, broke the kiss to ask Angela if she wanted to continue. Angela’s answer was to move her head down to Desiree’s tits and start suck and at the same time she started sliding fingers into Desiree’s very hot cunt.

They finger fucked each other for awhile. Then Desiree, removed Angela’s mouth from her nipples and moved her own head down to suck on Angela’s. But she decided to take this further. Rather than give Angela the chance to now possibly refuse, Desiree did not start licking her way down from Angela’s tits. Save that for later when she was sure. Instead, she lifted her head from Angela’s tits and moved quickly down to her pussy. Before Angela could say anything, Desiree had her clit between her teeth and was nibbling. She then slid her tongue down Angela’s slit and into her cunt.

But Angela didn’t protest or even try to get away, instead, she grabbed the back of Desiree’s head and pulled her hard against her pussy. Desiree started eating Angela’s pussy like a crazed person. She even slid her tongue down and gave Angela’s ass a licking. She then licked a finger and slid it into Angela’s ass and started finger fucking her ass as she ate her pussy. It was a delicious pussy and Desiree was enjoying every minute of this.

Luckily, Angela wasn’t selfish and she interrupted Desiree long enough to tell her to move around in a 69 so that she could eat her pussy as well. By then, Desiree was so very turned on that her pussy was literally dripping. She told Angela that she was extraordinarily wet, but Angela didn’t quite believe her (not so unusual as most were surprised as to how wet Desiree would get). So Angela got a little surprise when Desiree moved around and straddled her face. Desiree’s pussy dripped on Angela’s face. Angela chuckled and told Desiree what had happened and Desiree chuckled into Angela’s pussy.

Angela reached up with her fingers and parted Desiree’s pussy. She was amazed to see all the moisture there. Desiree did, indeed, get very, very wet. After a few seconds of looking at the pussy above her face, she simultaneously pulled it to her as she lifted her head off the bed. Soon Angela had her face buried in Desiree’s pussy and was enjoying Desiree’s taste as much as Desiree was enjoying the taste of Angela.

They continued to eat each other’s pussies, changing positions so that sometimes Angela would be on top or that they would be lying on their sides. They also fingered each other’s asses until Desiree reached over and got each of them a vibrator to use. Once they had vibes in their asses and mouths on their pussies, the two woman had so many orgasms that they finally collapsed.

Desiree awoke with the feeling of Angela’s mouth on her nipple. She brought her head up and kissed and then told Angela what she wanted to do with Roger came for a visit. She explained that Roger was going to arrive at a certain time. Because they had already planned to reenact a story about a massage, they would need a couple of hours alone. Then she wanted Angela to arrive. She was going to give Angela a key so she could let herself in. She told Angela that if she wanted and if she was very quiet, she could come a little early and watch. Desiree would make sure that something would block Roger’s view of the door so that there would still be the surprise factor.

Angela thought about it for a little while. She was married and up to this time had never cheated on her husband and she had promised herself that she wouldn’t. But she also realized that considering where she lived, the chances of this every happening again were so slim as to have absolutely no statistical significance. She was about to give her answer when Desiree told that there was go to be another twist. And after she explained it, she allowed Angela to think some more. It didn’t take Angela long and she told Desiree that should was willing to participate but Desiree had to guarantee that this would be the only time, that nothing would be said outside the Desiree’s apartment, and she would need to be able to just slip out as quietly as she slipped. 

So, arrangements were made and showers taken. Before Angela left to go where she was staying, she and Desiree kissed and hugged and then Desiree did what her occasional sex partner did, and she knelt down, lifted Angela’s skirt and French kissed Angela’s pussy before sending her on her way.

Part II:

It had been a long time since Desiree had seen Roger. A lot of things made it difficult for them to get together and then he accepted a new position out of state and had recently moved there. But now he was coming up for a visit and they made plans to spend some significant amount of time together.

Desiree had written him a story about giving him a massage and now they going to make that story come true with a bit of a twist. As an added feature, she was going to shave his balls. She decided that he should return the favor and so she was going to everything ready for him to shave her pussy as well. 

So, she prepped her bedroom for him. She placed candles all around. She got the wine and wine glasses ready. She put a bunch of cd’s in her stereo and did a test to get the volume just right. She had Angela coming about 2 hours after Roger was to arrive and the bonus to all this, Trey. She had arranged for him to come about an hour after Angela.

All this was done for Roger. He had always been a good friend despite of some her tantrums and she felt that he needed something very special. She was just amazed how it all just sort of fell together. If she had tried to really plan and organize it all before hand, it wouldn’t have worked out like this. The anticipation was already making her horny and wet.

It was getting close to the time of Roger’s arrival. Desiree went into her bedroom to change in to her robe. Dressing for tonight was going to be very simple. Just a robe and earrings were needed. She made sure various sex toys were out, lube, and condoms. She also had set up the shaving paraphernalia with additional towels and washcloths available for use during the night. She also had massage oils out and ready (she had them sitting in a bowel of very warm water to take the cold away). 

She heard the knock on the door and went quickly to open it and great Roger. Since it had been a long time since he had seen her and she had embarked on some self-improvement (diet and exercise), he was amazed at the change in her. They hugged long and hard (she had always loved hugging him even before they had started exchanging explicit e-mail and had fucked). Desiree kissed him tenderly and for a long time. She then gave him his wine and proceeded to take him to the bedroom.

Desiree then started the massage, which included removing Roger’s clothes and massaging those areas that were exposed. This went on until he was totally undressed and she had thoroughly massaged the back of Roger’s body (from his feet all the way up to his scalp) and the front of his body. It was now time to shave his balls.

She got a warm, wet washcloth and applied it to the area. Desiree then got the shaving gel she uses when shaves her pussy (it is very gentle) and applied it to the area. She had put a new blade in her razor and she put the razor in the warm water to get it ready. She used her fingers and gently made the skin taut and carefully started shaving. Since Roger kept himself pretty smooth anyway (like she did), it didn’t take long and soon Desiree was done and she cleaned him up. This did include licking his cock and taking his balls into her mouth to make sure she didn’t miss anything.

Now it was Desiree’s turn to be shaved. Roger prepped her pussy the same way she prepped his balls. Even though she had told him that the last someone shaved it she got so turned on that she had trouble keeping still, Roger was still a bit surprised as to how turned on she got. (Would no one ever believe her when she tells them things about her and sex?) Desiree asked Roger to insert a couple of fingers inside her cunt while he shaved her. Luckily, like him this didn’t take long and he was soon done. He cleaned her up and ate her pussy.
