 They strolled down the jetty, enjoying the feel of the salty wind and the beauty of the setting sun. The surf was crashing against the rocks and spraying them with mist so that both their shirts were sticking close to their bodies by the time they reached the end of the walkway. 

They made a gorgeous couple. Both barely 21, he stood 6'2 and weighed a very muscular 220. His hair was dark and short and his blue eyes contrasted brightly against it. She was a shorter 5'8 but appeared tall because of her long exposed legs beneath a short skirt. With red hair past her shoulders and green eyes, she was stunning. Her breasts were firm and pert beneath a small t-shirt. A very full 34 C, they were pierced and very sensitive. She had gotten into piercings in the last few years and also had both her tongue and her hood pierced. 

At the edge of the long jetty Jeremy and Jessica sat on the concrete and gazed out to the horizon. She shivered slightly, so soon his arm was around her. While they both loved the water and the view, it didn't take long of sitting in such close proximity that they were both hot and getting a little turned on. 

She glanced up at him and their mouths met. Lips gently gliding against each other at first before her mouth opened, allowing his tongue to slip in. She moaned lightly into his mouth and he wrapped his fingers in her hair and began plunging his tongue into her. 

Her arms went around him as his mouth glided down to suck at her neck. Turning her head, she gave him full access to her exposed neck and he licked and nipped down the length of it. Soon, she pulled his face back to her to capture his mouth, this time letting her hot little tongue slide into his. 

She broke the kiss and pulled his shirt off. Laying it on the rocks, she pushed him back on it and climbed on top of him. Settling her cunt right on top of his already hardening cock, she leaned over to kiss him again. Plunging her tongue roughly into his mouth several times before sucking his bottom lip and moving on. She settled on his earlobe, sucking it gently into her mouth, then she was on his neck. Licking and nibbling her way down. 

Soon, she was licking his chest, her little tongue flicking lightly over his nipples while she gently ground her cunt into him. He could feel the heat of her pussy even through both their clothes and he groaned and thrust up to her. 

She only laughed gently and climbed off him. Moving down his body, she licked down his stomach to the edge of his pants. She lifted her head and unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans. His cock was straining against the cloth of his boxers and her hand went immediately to it. Soon, her hot little hand was full of cock. She was rubbing and stroking him through the fabric and he closed his eyes shut with a gasp. 

Soon both his pants and boxers were pulled down enough to let the full length of his hard, 7 inch cock spring free. She was immediately between his legs with his dick in her hand. Wrapping around him, she squeezed the tip and he gasped again. Moving her hand down she slowly began to gently jack him off. Teasing. 

His hips began to move with her and small groans began to come from him. Then her hand was gone. He opened his eyes and before he could move her mouth was on his cock. Lips locked underneath the head, her tongue swirling around and her barbell clicking against her teeth. 

Jeremy moaned deeply before closing his eyes again. Her mouth began to move down. Slowly sucking more of him into it's wet hot depths as her hand came up and began to continue it's stroking. Soon, her warm moist mouth moved faster up and down the length of his cock as her hand jerked him off simultaneously. 

He couldn't do anything but lay there, groaning softly, and wrap his hands in her hair. Guiding her, pushing her down and pulling her up on his dick. Her mouth was so fucking hot and wet and her hand was so tight! The surf continued to spray up and he could feel the mist on his arms, cold. 

Suddenly her mouth went all the way down the length of him, enveloping the whole of his large cock in the scorching damp softness of her throat. And then her tongue was on his balls. He couldn't believe it! She had his whole dick in her mouth and was flicking her tongue out over his testicles, teasing, while she worked her throat. Squeezing him. 

His whole body shuddered and he moaned loudly, grabbing the back of her head. She took his cue and was sucking his dick deep and fast, jerking him off with her hand at the same time. Combining them into one tight wet tunnel of flesh that his cock fucked in and out of while her tongue swirled around the length of him and the head of his dick. 

He began breathing deeply and started fucking her mouth. Using his hands, pulling her up and shoving her back down on his cock. Talking to her, "Fuck yes. Fucking suck my cock. God yes Jessica. Don't fucking quit sucking. I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum down your fucking throat." 

He could feel the cum broiling in his balls, his cock stiffening and the pressure was too much. Her mouth too fucking warm and wet and he was cumming! Grabbing the back of her head he held her, shooting cum in hot spurt after spurt down her throat. 

"Ugh!" he groaned. Shuddering, he fell back. Spent. Jessica's head lifted and she smiled wickedly before very obviously swallowing. 

"Hmmmm... You taste so fucking good," she whispered before leaning down to lick at the still glistening tip of his cock. 

He shook violently before pulling away. "Oh shit, don't. It's too soon. Come here."

Pulling her up to lay beside him, he rolled till he was leaning on one arm above her. Her shirt was still on, but the white cloth was thin and soaked from the spray of the surf and he could clearly see her large pierced nipples straining against it. 

Grinning evilly at her he reached out and took one in his fingers, rolling it between them before squeezing gently. She gasped and arched her back, pressing her breast into his hand. He tugged at the nipple and it hardened even further, long and distended, begging. 

Kicking off his pants and boxers he rolled on top of her, spreading her legs with his knees and settling his cock against her cotton panties under her thin skirt. Teasing her, returning the torture from earlier, he gently ground into her. Moaning, she bucked her hips up into him. Pressing her hot moist cunt against his naked cock through the dampened panties. 

Closing his eyes, he gathered himself before leaning down to capture one of her nipples in his mouth through her wet shirt. She groaned and grabbed his head. Her nipple was hard and tasted slightly salty from the sea. He rolled his tongue around it, the barbell through it clicking against his teeth. Closing his mouth around her nipple, he sucked. Pulling it into his mouth before gently closing his teeth around it and biting. 

Jessica began moaning and actively grinding her cunt into him as he moved from one of her nipples to the other. Sucking, biting and licking. He paused long enough to pull her thin shirt off over her head before continuing his assault to her naked tits. Her thrusting hips and damp pussy were too much to ignore for long. As his tongue continued to slather over her hard nipples, he slipped his hand down to massage her cunt through the wet panties. The heat and moisture of her shocked him and he ground into her clit hard through the cloth. 

She was panting in his ear and begging. "Please Jeremy. Oh fuck please. Please..."

Not even knowing what she was begging for. Just wanting it. Wanting him. He gave into her enough to slip his hand inside of her soaked panties. His fingers slid into her wet hot slit and he found her clit, hard and throbbing under the barbell through her hood. He rubbed it lightly and she heaved against his hand, groaning, "Fuck yes baby." 

Laughing gently, he lightly brushed it again and she moaned deeper. Finally he settled on her clit and began to rub slowly, but in hard tight little circles. Her hips were bucking and she began panting heavily. He put his mouth back over one of her nipples and she let out a little scream before grabbing his head, pressing him into her. 

She was so fucking wet! His fingers were coated with her juices and he slipped wetly over her cunt. Her moans and pants had begun to increase as her hips moved frantically. He smiled to himself before shoving two fingers deep into her cunt. 

"Argh! Fuck!" she screamed, nearly sitting up as her cunt spasmed around his fingers. Fast he fucked in and out of her, slamming his fingers into her. She was nearly crying with need as she bounced on his hand. Her hands at her own tits now, pulling roughly at her nipples. 

He pulled his fingers quickly out of her dripping cunt and she whimpered. He leaned over her, kissing her gently on the mouth before bringing his hand up to her face. Gliding his pussy-wet fingers over her lips, he gently forced her mouth to open. He slid his fingers in and watched as she sucked them in further, licking her own cum off of his hand. His own eyes closed as her little tongue swirled around his fingers. 

Gently he pulled his fingers out and moved down to pull her panties down her legs. Wet and heavy with her own cream, they were tossed aside. Her small skirt followed. The sun was nearly gone as he laid down between her legs. Gently pushing open her thighs with his hands. She whined softly as his head lowered to her pussy. His tongue slid out to her and he licked her, hard and slow up the length of her entire wet slit once. She screamed and bucked her hips. Laughing gently at her again, her put his hands on her hips before bending to her once more. 

His tongue was on her clit, licking in soft, determined circles. Jessica's screaming and panting became frenzied and he had to hold her harder to keep her from flailing her hips. "Oh fuck yes baby! Oh goddamn yes. Please lick my fucking clit. Oh fuck, that feels so good Jeremy!"

His tongue began to move faster as her words caused his dick to begin hardening again. She was so hot and wet and his tongue was all over her cunt. Licking and sucking, driving her mad. As his tongue flashed over her clit, she began to pant and moan louder and faster. "Oh fuck baby. I'm going to fucking cum. Oh shit! Please don't fucking stop licking me!"

Faster and faster his tongue swirled until she screamed and bucked her hips violently into his mouth. "Oh fuck! Fuck! Ugh! Yes! Oh goddamn!" Her cunt began to spasm under his lips so he leaned further down and shoved his tongue inside of her! She screamed again and slammed down on his tongue, her dripping pussy squeezing around him as she came. 

Before she could react, he was up and shoving her legs open as he rammed his hard cock into her still quivering cunt. Screaming again and again, she wrapped her legs around him and began to fuck him back immediately. Her pussy was still clenching around his long throbbing cock as he fucked her mercilessly. Slamming into her over and over. 

Her cunt was hot and creamy and tight! Squeezing his cock and gripping him as he fucked into her over and over again. Her hood ring rubbed over the top of his cock each time he thrust into her. 

With her legs wrapped around him and her hips fucking back up into him, she began to squeeze the muscles of her cunt. Tightening them around his thick cock until he began to see spots before his eyes. It was so delicious and tight and wet. 

Pulling out quickly, he roughly rolled her over onto her stomach. Grabbing her hips and pulling her onto her knees he gave her no time before his big cock was fucking her little pussy again. Slamming violently in and out, he was using her hips to shove her back into him. 

"Play with your pussy! Rub your fucking clit while I fuck you!" he roughly growled at her. Immediately her hands were between them, flying over her hard wet clit as he pounded her. 

Jessica was panting and moaning and soon began to plead with him, "Oh fuck yes Jeremy. Please fuck me! Fuck me hard. I'm going to fucking cum, please fuck me!"

She began shoving back into him roughly, helping him slam his cock deep into her tight cunt. Her fingers rubbed circles around her clit and soon she was screaming, cumming and pulsating around his dick. 

The sight of his hard cock slamming in and out of her wet pussy, and the feeling of her cunt wetly squeezing him in her orgasm was too much for him to handle. His balls tightened as he roughly pulled out and flipped her around. Her mouth was already open and on his cock as he came. Blasting hot cum once again into her eager mouth. She gently jacked him off and squeezed his balls till the last drop of cum escaped his cock. 

Smiling, she swallowed before wiping her mouth and flopping back on their clothes. He immediately fell beside her, both panting and throbbing with the surf spraying them gently. 

Out of nowhere, the sound of clapping came from close by. Startled, they both turned their heads to see an attractive brunette in a yellow bikini sitting not 15 feet behind them. 

"That was fucking fantastic!" she told them enthusiastically. "I've been watching y'all almost from the beginning and shit that was hot!" 

Too shocked to respond, they just stared at her. She laughed gently and got up. Walking over, she stood above them, looking down at their naked, moist bodies. 

"I mean fuck! You two are fucking amazing! I was rubbing my pussy the whole time. You're lucky I didn't just jump in the middle of things. Unless, of course, you wouldn't have minded?"

Jeremy and Jessica looked at each other, confused, but intrigued. Was she really saying what they thought she was saying? 

Kneeling beside Jessica the brunette trailed one lazy finger up her stomach and around one of her nipples, watching it avidly as it hardened beneath her touch. 

Jessica shivered and the newcomer smiled before slowly leaning down to capture the tight nipple in her mouth. Jessica moaned, still sensitive from her recent orgasm and leaned back. The mysterious woman suckled her nipple deeply, twirling her tongue around the barbell before gently biting down. 

"Ohhh..." sighed Jessica. 

The girl raised her head slightly, her mouth still on the nipple before saying, "I'm Michelle by the way." 

Jessica, too aroused to answer, only moaned again. Jeremy looked upon this scene with amazement. His dick was already hardening again and he just couldn't fucking believe this hot bitch out of nowhere was sucking on one of Jessica's tits! 

"So..." Michelle said, flicking her tongue rapidly over the other nipple, "I gathered from that fantastic fuck session that your names are Jeremy and Jessica. Nice to meet you."

Jeremy was just laying there, not knowing what to do, when Jessica suddenly grabbed the girl by her long brown hair and forced her up, finding her mouth in a wet, passionate kiss. 

No fucking way! This was just getting too good to be true. Jessica was actually making out with this chick! 

Shoving her away, Jessica got up and pushed the girl down in her place. Kissing her roughly again, she pulled at Michelle's bikini top, pulling it aside to expose one perky breast. Breaking the kiss and leaning down, she caught one tight little nipple in her mouth and sucked it greedily. Soon she was going back and forth suckling first one and then the other, getting them both wet and hard. The girl was moaning and Jessica moved down further. Not even bothering to take them off, she pulled the yellow bottoms aside and slipped her tongue out. Michelle's pussy was bare like her own, but her lips were smaller. Using her fingers to gently pull them apart, she slid her tongue into the wet center of her. She licked at the girl's already hard little clit and she moaned deeply, wrapping her hands in Jessica's hair as her tongue started darting around her clit. 

Jeremy couldn't stand the sight of this excruciatingly erotic scene just sitting there, so he had his very hard cock in his hand, stroking and watching Jessica suck the girl's cunt. 

Michelle opened her eyes and saw Jeremy jerking off to the scene. She immediately motioned him closer. He looked back at Jessica, trying to decide what to do. All he saw was her face buried in a cunt and her tongue rapidly flickering around the girl's clit. Deciding to go with the flow, he crawled over to Michelle. 

Beckoning him even closer, she reached out to grasp his hard dick. His head fell back and he moaned as her hot hand closed around him. Pulling him to her, she opened her mouth and slipped his cock inside. Leaning over her and bracing himself with one hand on the other side of her head, he began to help her, fucking in and out of her mouth slowly. Her tongue swirled around him and her hand was on his balls, gently squeezing. 

He looked down to watch Jessica eat her pussy. Watching her stick her fingers inside of this stranger's cunt and fuck her fast and deep with them. Michelle was moaning around his cock and the vibrations felt great. Jessica's head was moving fast, and her hand was slamming into the girl's pussy harder and harder until finally she screamed around his cock! Pulling her mouth off of him, she began to rapidly jerk him off and yell, "Oh fuck yes baby girl! Oh shit! Fuck yes!" as her hips slammed down into Jessica mouth and hand. 

Soon Jessica looked up and he could see the cum smeared around her mouth. He leaned forward and she came up to kiss him, her tongue swirling around his, thick with the girl's cum. Michelle had started feverishly sucking his cock again and at the same time had a hand in Jessica's cunt, rubbing her clit. Jessica let her play with her pussy for a minute, rubbing herself against the girl's hand, before moving and sliding up next to her to suck on Jeremy's balls while Michelle fucked her mouth with his cock. 

Jeremy looked down and shuddered. Both girls were sucking and licking on his cock and testicles, their mouths hot and wet and soft. He threw his head back and let them, enjoying the feel of the two mouths on him. 

It wasn't long before he felt the cum boiling in his balls again and he gently pulled away from them, not wanting to cum yet. Looking up at him questioningly for only a moment, they immediately turned their attentions to each other. 

Facing each other and kissing deeply, they each had their hands on the other's breasts, pulling, twisting and rubbing each other's nipples. Soon they had turned so they were in a 69 position, Jessica on top, eagerly licking and sucking each other's wet cunts. 

Jeremy began stroking his cock again, watching this hot pussy feast. Then Jessica reached out with a free hand and pulled him toward to her end. She was furiously licking Michelle's clit, moaning into it from the administrations on her own cunt. Sitting up so she was straddling the girl's face, she pulled Jeremy closer. 

Not understanding at first, he was amazed when Jessica guided his cock to Michelle's dripping cunt. The stranger immediately spread her legs farther to accommodate him. He could see her tongue swirling madly around Jessica's clit, the flash of a barbell occasionally visible. Jessica, in the mean time, had reached down to rub the girl's cunt and clit with her hand, while tugging at her own nipple. 

Positioning himself, Jeremy held the girl's legs in his hands as he guided his cock into her steamy pussy. Her tight wet cunt gripped him and he slid into her. She gasped into Jessica pussy and Jessica returned the favor by rubbing her clit in faster circles. 

Watching the girl's tongue lash at Jessica's pussy and watching Jessica finger the girl's hard clit was almost too much as Jeremy began fucking the stranger, his cock sliding easily in and out of her creamy cunt. 

She was panting into Jessica's pussy as she continued to eat her and Jessica was moaning and rubbing fast and hard, nearing her own orgasm. Jeremy continued to pump faster and faster in and out of Michelle, her pussy tugging at his cock. 
