 Chapter 1:

A Fantasy turned into Reality

Friday Night’s Adventure

Thomas’ story

As I put the key in th lock to the front door I hear giggling, you had called me earlier at work to tell me that one of my fantasies were about to come true. When I turn the lock, I listen to the sounds and realize it was going to be one hell of a Friday night. My mind begins to reel and my imagination has made my manhood begin to rise. What fantasy are you giving me? I listen more closer to the sounds behind the door, I still can’t picture what your erotic mind has come up with. 

I open the door, it is chained. There is a note and a black mask attached. I take them both and open the envelope. 

It reads "If you wish this weekend to be as I have planned, then you will wear this mask and knock three times on the door". I quickly put on my mask. I am blinded and knock, one. . .two. . .three.... the door closes, I hear the chain come off and it reopens. 

I feel you on my right, take me by my elbow. You whisper in my ear, "You are going to have the weekend of your life".

I could barely hear you and ask "What". You giggle and I feel your hand begin to stroke my hardness through my expensive trousers. At the same time you take my briefcase place it on the floor and you grab my hand and begin to lead me down the hallway. We walk forward towards the kitchen, you pull out my chair and seat me.

You begin to feed me my dinner, slowly and seductively, with no silverware only your fingers. Rice, steak and string beans, my favorite meal and with every bite, my cock is getting harder and harder. 

I reach to undo my zipper and you playfully slap my hand away, "You are am not to do a thing." In between tastes of food, I consume a classic Grey Goose Vodka martini, and like my favorite character Bond, it is shaken not stirred. With every passing moment I beginning to get drunk from both the alcohol and the anticipation of the weekend activities you have planned for us.

After dinner was complete, you walk me to our bedroom in the basement. You slowly undress me and you leave me in the center of the room, naked and masked. I hear the jets in our jacuzzi running, then shower begin I think out loud " I am so glad I changed the water heater to a 100 gallon model, otherwise you couldn’t fill the tub and run the shower at the same time." 

You walk us to the stall and you help me enter. You push me under the jets and you laugh playfully as the water cascades down my body. You begin to lather up the bath sponge. After I was damp, you turn me away from the spray and then you start washing me starting at my feet. You continue your way up my legs, my thighs and my ass. You avoid my hard on for the moment and continue to cover my body from head to toe with suds. Once completed, You rinse my body, then you re-lather the soap sponge and you begin to clean my dick and balls. You do it without any feeling or love. Once I am cleaned enough for you, you get on your knees and begin to suck me. You lick the top and swirl your tongue around the head and you suck out the pre-cum in the piss slit of my dick. You even spread my legs and rim my ass, which gets me even harder. Then you deep throat me, I can not believe it. That is something you said you couldn’t do to me because of my size, even though you tried several times and was unsuccessful. You claimed that I was to big and yet I can feel your nose against my pubes on every in stroke of your mouth. The sensation is so incredible that I scream and warn you that I won’t last long and you moan on the next down stroke and I explode, cumming in your mouth. You gag as my semen spurts into your mouth, I anticipate you spitting it down my legs, but I feel no warm trickle and I quickly realize you are swallowing my sperm, another first and that not only heightens my arousal but causes me to cum more into your mouth. I scream at the stimulations and the realization that you are drinking me down your throat. After my 7 or 8 explosions in your mouth, I began to go soft and my dick plops from your mouth. As you stand up, I reach to kiss you and as I do, I hear applause from the hot tub. I am confused and I grab your face and pull you towards my mouth.

I run my fingers in your hair and I figured out how you deep throated me and why you swallowed my cum, "OH MY GOD, IT’S NOT YOU JEANINE.”

I quickly reach for my mask, taking it off I look and I see your college roommate Beth, a blonde 38DD knockout standing in front of me, wet, naked and delicious. I turn my head and see you in the hot tub smiling broadly and sipping your tequila and coke.


With the scene unfolding before my eyes, quickly my shaft begins to harden again. 

You look at Beth, "Look Beth I told you what his reaction would be". I bend down onto my knees and lick up Beth’s calf and drink in the droplets of water until I get to her hairless slit. She falls back against the wall and spreads her legs more and I rapidly lick the folds of her pussy. I ravish it like the olives in my martini from earlier, drinking in her wetness and listening to her moans and groans, seeing her girations from her hips. I begin to wonder and think, this is going to be a weekend of firsts for Jeanine and I. I spread her lips and see her clit pop into the light, it is big about the size of a raisin and I lightly tap it with my tongue and when she begins to cum, I nibble on it and she screams and grabs the back of my head and pulls me so tight to her pussy that I almost can’t breathe. 

Once she calms down, she smiles down at me on my knees and states "Jeanine, you Bitch, so that’s who finally taught you how to eat pussy right ".

I knew they were lovers in college but obviously while I was at work they rekindled their affair and now I was to be their playmate for the weekend. When I look at Jeanine she had been watching Beth and I , while she played with herself.

I grinned back and said "This is the start of something wonderful".

Both of you laugh loudly and together state "YOU AIN’T SEEN NUTTIN’ YET"

I turn off the water in the shower, and I stumble to the california king-sized water bed we share. Beth joins Jeanine, my wife of ten years, in the hot tub. I watch as they begin to explore each other. They are frenching each other wickedly and wildly. I can see tongues enterwined outside of their mouths. They both look at me to make sure I am watching. They both break out in laughter, it stops them from kissing, but the passion is still evident in thier eyes. Beth dangles my wife on the edge of the jacuzzi, something I have done on several occasions yet it seems so much more erotic watching. She begins to suck on Jeanine’s toes and her giggles turn into moans of pleasure. As she continues to lick, nibble and suck on my wife’s legs with vigor, I notice that my boner has returned. I am watching a porno live and in full color as they progress to her sucking on Jeanine’s lips and then fingering her pussy. As she starts to explode from her oral minipulations, Beth fingers my wife’s anus which intensifies her orgasm. I know this trick having done it on numberous occasions and obviously Beth must have known this as well. 

Jeanine opens her eyes and looks at me and screams “Come and get her, fuck her hard and get even for me. That bitch sent me into orbit “. 

As I run to the tub, Beth gets out and tries to run. As I catch up to her, she struggles with me. With her being wet it is hard for me to get control of her. Jeanine then helps me. She takes a rope with a slip knot loop and wraps it around her right 38DD and pull it tight. She screams from the surprise of it. As Beth tries to release her tit from its loop, I can now grab her hand. As I pin it against the wall, she continues to fight as Jeanine secures her other titty in the other end of the rope. As she tightens around the other tit, I now have both of her hands. I watch as my wife wraps up her roommates breasts tightly and then takes another foot of cord and ties it to the center of her now bound tits.

Jeanine tells me “let her go”. As Beth tries to loosen her bounds, Jeanine pulls on the center cord like a leash and Beth stops trying to get free. 

She yells, “You know what this does to me”. 

Jeannine just laughs, and pulls on the leash . Beth moans in pleasure, it widens my eyes. She looks at me pleading. I smile and finger her pussy and find that she is drenched. I chuckle, and lick my finger clean. 

“Jeanine, you didn’t tell me about this shit.” 

Yeah watch this”. She pulls Beth to the bed an forces her to lay on her back and suspends her legs off the edge of the bed. 

“Spread your legs for my husband’s prick you slut.” As she does, I notice her lips are puffy, swollen and red. 

“She really turn on to this huh?”

My wife simply smirks, “yeah, come and fuck this whore”. 

As I plunge my dick into her to the hilt, there is no resistence. She is so excited that a puddle of her juices is forming beneath her ass. I am alternating my strokes short and long, hard and soft.

And whenever Beth cums, Jeanine pulls hard on the leash. This does two things,

1) intensfies her orgasm

2) slides her a little away from me on the bed. I notice why. 

I spy up at Jeanine, “You are a slut too, putting the satin sheet on the bed.”

Jeanine just smiles and asks “Is there enough juices puddling under her yet?”. 

“Yes” is my reply. 

She comes underneath my ass and begins to toss Beth’s salad.

Beth starts to shriek “OH, OH, OH” and I watch on every out stroke, my wife tonguing her ass and wiping up any juices.

Jeanine starts to finger Beth’s asshole and continue to lube it with her juices as well as a swipe here and there with her tongue.

As I continue to plunge deep in her pussy, Jeanine then grabs my cock, sucks it clean and places it against Beth’s ass. 

Beth squeals, “No he is too big”.

Jeanine ignores her and grabs my ass with her other hand and thrusts my hips forward. As the head of my dick passes her anus, Beth pounds the waterbed with her fists. Seeing the hesitation of her anus opening for me, Jeanine pulls roughly on the leash and POP I enter her. 

I wait for Beth’s ass to adjust, he opens her eyes and smiles. I then begin in and out slowly and methocidly and with the increase in her moans I increase my speed. In and out. As she starts to cum from me pounding her asshole, Jeanine pulls on her leash and Beth starts to toss her head right and left, her blonde locks of hair swinging in the air.

Jeanine whispers in my ear, “Cum in my mouth not her ass”. 

I reply “you better hurry”

She climbs on Beth in a 69 position as I start to cum, I pull out and the first spurt hits her squarely in her nose. She grabs my prick and catches the next 5 or 6 in her mouth. At the same time she lowers her pussy to Beth’s mouth. 

Jeanine gives me the leash and tells me “if my hips ain’t moving above her head then she ain’t licking me, pull on her until I move again.”

After I finishing cumming in her mouth, I nod to her. Jeanine opens her mouth and shows me, my seed on her tongue and she sits up and drips onto Beth’s closed mouth. When Beth realizes what is happening she opens her mouth and greedily swallows whatever she can. Once her mouth is empty, Jeanine kisses Beth. Then she whisper something in her ear. Beth bleary eyed from cumming so hard nods. 

Jeanine again assumes the classic 69 position. I watch my wife eat pussy for the first time and Beth is so sensitive that she has one mini orgasm after another. Jeanine looks up from her feast and eyes towards the other end. I notice that her hips weren’t moving. So I look back at her and wink.

Jeanine start licking Beth’s clam again and I watch as I pull the leash, Beth’s pussy drips even more. I can not believe how wet her cunt becomes when I pull. This excites me so much that I pull on it even though my wife’s hips are moving at a frantic pace in an attempt to orgasm. 

Both woman are slurping and licking so much that I can hear it. I attempt to change my view to watch Beth suck my wife but I can’t because the leash is to short for me to move around the bed and pull at the same time. 

So I stand and watch as the tidal wave of pleasure builds on my waterbed at the two sexy women before me. 

I started thinking, and this is only Friday night.