 Cinda awoke to the sound of the waves and the feel of the warm ocean breeze. She reached her arms above her head and stretched languidly, arching her back like a cat. As she relaxed back onto the luxurious bed, she looked over at her sleeping husband and smiled slowly. The memories of the night before came flooding back to her making her hot, and wet, all over again.

She and Paul had arrived at the resort late in the afternoon after a long day of travel. They were exhausted but eager to experience the pleasures awaiting them. The brochures had described the resort as a clothing optional, all inclusive paradise of hedonism...a place where "anything goes" was the motto to live by. 

After getting settled in the room, they decided to check out the pool. They stripped down and grabbed some towels. As they rounded the corner, the sights in front of their eyes awed them. The large pool, complete with waterfall and crystal clear water was breathtaking, but, what really captivated them was the all the beautiful, naked bodies before them. And, the fact that many were engaged in various sexual acts. 

A man was sitting on the edge of the pool and a cute redhead was enthusiastically giving him a blowjob. Her pink tongue flicked the tip of his cock before she closed her mouth around it and sucked it in deep. He threw his head back and moaned, not that Paul or Cinda could hear him above the noise of the crowd. In another part of the pool were two guys with a woman squashed in between them. Although you couldn't see because they were in waist-deep water, it was obvious that she was getting thoroughly fucked by both of them. Her pleasure was evidence by the look of utter ecstasy on her face. 

Cinda and Paul decided that they were definitely in the right place. They dropped their towels on a couple of chairs, stepped into the cool water and swam up to the bar. 

As Paul placed their order with the bartender, Cinda reached for her cigarettes. But, before she could light it, a hand offered her a light. As she drew in her breath she followed the dark muscular arm up to a handsome face. She smiled sexily, said thanks and introduced herself. His name was James and he looked at her naked body admiringly. 

They were chatting about the usual stuff: where are you from, have you been here before, etc. when Paul came up behind Cinda with their drinks. She introduced the boys hoping they would get along. James was single and Cinda had always wanted to add a single guy to their play. James, with his soft, chocolaty smooth skin and deep sexy eyes was the perfect fit to her fantasies. 

Paul and James hit if off and before long, Paul leaned over and whispered something to James. The grin on their faces gave Cinda a pretty good idea of what they were talking about. Paul was well aware of her fantasies and was always generous in accommodating them. Paul gave James a gentle pat on the shoulder as he excused himself to go refresh their drinks.

James smiled and cocked his eyebrow, silently asking if she was agreeable to what was on everyone's mind. Cinda tilted her lovely blond head and smiled her assent. James caressed her arm and slowly traced a finger to her left breast. He circled her nipple slowly and watched it harden in response. A low moan escaped Cinda's parted lips as the tingling spread through her body. James pinched her nipple as he kissed her hard; his tongue exploring her mouth. She ran her hand over his strong body and that wonderfully tight ass. She could feel his cock growing between them, poking her in the stomach. He pulled away just far enough to get her tit in his mouth. His nibbling and sucking felt incredible and his fingers had no trouble slipping into her wet pussy. Cinda reached between them and circled her hand around the hard cock. God she couldn't wait to have that big dick inside cunt!

Paul was back with the drinks and enjoying the show. Several others nearby were enjoying the show too. Cinda's fair skin against James's chocolate body was stunning. He always liked watching Cinda getting it on and this was especially hot. The fact that many others were also watching made his cock harder than ever. 

After a few minutes, Paul decided it was time for him to join in the fun. He swam up behind Cinda and caressed her full round ass. She slowly turned her head, never releasing the prick in her hand, and smiled blissfully at him. He kissed her and suggested to both of them that they head back to the room where they'd have more space to play. As James stepped out of the pool, Paul and Cinda got their first real look at James's beautiful cock. It was long and thick and pointing straight up. Cinda unconsciously licked her lips as she thought of devouring it down her throat.

Back at the room, Cinda immediately pushed James onto the bed and got on her knees. The walk to the room had done nothing to lessen his hardness. She grabbed his cock and slowly licked it like a lollipop, from the base to the tip. She swirled her tongue around the tip as she massaged his balls. Looking up into James eyes, Cinda slowly sucked in his cock down her throat. He tasted as wonderfully as she'd expected. 

Paul threw their towels on the floor and got out the lube. He masturbated while he watched his wife deep throat James's cock. He then got behind Cinda and flicked his tongue on her clit. Cinda moaned around the thick cock in her mouth and spread her legs wider for her husband. Paul began to furiously eat Cinda's pussy, sucking and licking her lips and fucking her with his tongue. Soon, she was cumming on his face, her juices slick on his face. 

James pushed himself further up on the bed and pulled Cinda toward him. He had her straddle his legs and slowly began to lower her onto his awaiting prick. Paul could see the head of James's cock penetrating Cinda's cunt. Cinda moaned her pleasure at the feel of the thickness filling her. James's cock slowly disappeared into her pussy and then he slowly pulled her up until only the tip remained inside. Paul saw James's cock glisten, all wet from Cinda's juices. 

He came around front and put his own cock in Cinda's eager mouth. She sucked and nibbled, just the way he liked, all the while riding James like a racehorse. Cinda soon was cumming again and dropped Paul's cock to moan and scream her pleasure. She collapsed on top of James's body, breathing hard. But, the boys weren't through with her yet.

As if there had been some sort of silent agreement, the two guys flipped her over and began licking and sucking on her tits...one in each mouth. Then someone's fingers spread her pussy lips which the other began rubbing her clit. Oh the feeling was incredible! She then felt a finger rubbing on her asshole, begging to be let in. She relaxed as it pushed through, enjoying the feeling. Soon, more fingers joined it as other fingers entered her pussy. She was being double hand fucked by two guys.  She hoped this was a prelude of things to come! 

Paul lay down on the bed and pulled Cinda to him. She sat on his hard cock, filling her pussy once more with hot meat. He pulled her down on his chest and reached around to spread her ass cheeks. James got behind her and dripped lube onto her. He began rubbing the head of his cock on her eager asshole, spreading the lube around. Another of her fantasies was about to come true...she was going to be fucked by two guys at the same time! 

Cinda felt James enter her ass and moaned into Paul's chest. Oh god what an incredible feeling! It was better than she had imagined. She felt so full and tight. James and Paul slowly began to pump inside her, taking turns pushing in and pulling out. As she adjusted to the tightness, she told the guys to fuck her harder and faster. The boys eagerly accommodated her, heightening their own pleasure. Cinda was awash with sensation everywhere on her body. The two sweaty bodies against her rubbed all over, hands grasped and pinched her tits, lips sucked and kissed her mouth, ears, neck. Cinda was in ecstasy!

Soon all three couldn't hold back any longer. Cinda screamed that she was cumming and her clenching pussy and asshole sent the boys over the edge. James began to cum in her ass and she could feel the hot liquid spurting deep into her. Paul, in turn, thrust deep into her pussy and came harder than ever. 

The three collapsed, spent, onto the bed. The beautiful cocks softened and slipped out of her. Cinda laid there blissfully...such a pretty mess!