 Paul and Cinda arrived at the dock just in time for the catamaran cruise they had booked. The catamaran was absolutely beautiful, its large sail billowing in the breeze. The ocean was of the palest shade of blue and crystal clear; the sun overhead warm without being scorching. It was a beautiful day to be sailing and snorkeling in the nude.

There were about 25 couples waiting to board. The captain and two crewmen welcomed everyone with warm smiles and greetings and helped people to step onto the gently swaying vessel. Paul and Cinda found a great space at the bow and spread out their towels. They undressed and lay down to bask in the sun. Once everyone was comfortably settled, the captain pulled back from the dock and set sail. 

Fun and carefree Jamaican music filled the air and the rum punch began to flow. People were laughing and talking and getting to know each other. Paul and Cinda couldn't believe how much they were enjoying their getaway vacation to this island paradise. They exchanged a warm smile that communicated all the love between them. 

An attractive couple came over to them and introduced themselves as Mike and Lucy. They both had beautiful tans and warm endearing smiles. They chit chatted and discovered that they lived only 30 miles apart back home! What an incredible coincidence to meet "neighbors" at such a faraway place!

The captain announced that they were approaching their dive spot and went over a few precautions. He passed out fins, masks and snorkels to those who wanted them. Cinda had never been snorkeling before and was just as scared as she was excited about what was to come. Mike was a master diver and Lucy, who had snorkeled often, suggested that Mike guide Cinda in the water....hold her hand and make sure she was safe. Everyone glanced at Paul who smiled at the suggestion. Paul was more than happy to keep Lucy company while Mike helped Cinda in the water. As Mike grinned down at Cinda, she became suddenly very aware that they were all nude. She began to feel the flush in her cheeks.

The captain anchored the catamaran and people began to jump in to the warm Caribbean water. Paul gave Cinda a quick kiss and jumped in after Lucy and swam away. Cinda looked up at Mike who told her not to worry and that he would take very good care of her. He led her to the back of the boat and helped her put on her fins, mask and snorkel. He then guided her down the metal ladder. 

The warm, salty ocean water enveloped Cinda's nude body causing tingles to ripple through her. Her heavy breasts floated in front of her and she could feel the wonderful sensations of the water washing over her most intimate parts. Mike took hold of Cinda's hand as he showed her how to adjust the snorkel. She put her face in the water and looked around seeing the most incredible universe before her. There were tropical fish of many different colors and coral reefs with beautiful plants and anemones. She felt like she was in the middle of a huge aquarium. Never before had Cinda felt so small....like she was just a mere speck in the huge universe. 

She looked over at Mike who was smiling at her. His eyes twinkled knowing exactly what she was feeling. It was the same for everyone their first time. The ocean truly was an awe-inspiring experience. He gave her hand a squeeze and pointed to the direction he was going to take her. She held onto Mike's hand as they continued their exploration. After a while, Cinda saw a jellyfish and startled....afraid to be stung. Mike showed her how short the tentacles were on this type of jellyfish and let her know not to worry. He then touched the top of the jellyfish causing it to flutter away. Cinda, emboldened by Mike's demonstration reached out to do the same to another jellyfish nearby. It felt smooth and silky yet firm to the touch. It pulsed under her fingers before swimming away. 

Cinda turned to Mike and gave him a big hug, overwhelmed and elated by this awesome experience. As he wrapped his arms around her, she felt his cock float up against her bringing her back to the realization that they were both quite naked. And, that Mike was an incredibly handsome man. The hug turned into a caress with Mike's hands exploring her ass. She could feel Mike's cock hardening and wrapped her legs around his and pressed her tits into his chest. Cinda ran her hands over Mike's taut shoulders and back, feeling his muscles flex as he grabbed her tighter. Umm...this felt incredible...the sensation of floating in the water while this beautiful man ran his hands all over her body. 

Mike released her and pointed to some caves nearby. They swam over, hand in hand, and climbed up out of the water. Without a word, Mike removed his mask, snorkel and fins then helped Cinda with hers. He held her face in his hands as he kissed her deeply. His tongue was hot in her mouth and he tasted of the salty ocean. Cinda melted into his arms, overwhelmed and out of breath, both from the exciting swim and his kiss.

He leaned her back against a smooth ledge and bent to suckle on her nipples. Cinda cradled his head in her arms and let out a blissful sigh. Mike's fingers gently grazed the top of her pussy, tickling her little patch of pubic hair. She spread her legs giving him easier access to her eager pussy. His fingers probed inside her while his thumb found her clit. Cinda was in ecstasy. 

She ran her hands down his chest to his hard cock and circled her fingers around it. It was large and thick and felt hot as it pulsed in her hand. She had to taste it. She pulled herself away and knelt on the floor of the cave. Mike sucked and licked his fingers that had just been in her pussy.....relishing in her tasty juices. God that was so hot! Cinda looked at the perfect cock before her and licked her lips. She slowly stuck out her tongue and flicked the tip of Mike's cock eliciting a low moan. She grinned as she did it a couple more times before plunging her mouth over it, taking it deeply down her throat. Mike shuddered as Cinda's mouth enveloped him. 

She expertly sucked up and down his cock pulling back all the way to the tip and sucking down to the base. She grasped him in her hand and pumped him while sucking and nibbling on the mushroom head. A drop of pre-cum her reward which she eagerly licked off with her tongue. Mike twined his fingers through Cinda's wet hair, gently urging her on, wanting to fuck her face. She sensed his urgency and opened her mouth wide taking him deep into her throat. She cupped his balls and massaged gently knowing he was close. Mike tensed, his strong thighs hard as rocks, as he thrust, cumming in Cinda's eager mouth. She continued to suck while allowing his cum to flow down her chin and onto her tits. With one last convulsion and a groan, Mike was spent. Cinda released Mike's cock and brought her hands to her mouth, chin and tits, rubbing his creamy cum into her skin.

Mike leaned up against the wall of the cave and pulled Cinda to her feet. He crushed her to his body and kissed her, tasting his own salty seed. As he began exploring her body once more, they heard the horn from the catamaran signaling everyone back to the boat. Regretfully, with a final kiss, he released her from his passionate grip. He spoke the first words since they'd entered the cave..."Cinda, that was one of the most incredible experiences in my life. I would love it if Lucy and I could spend more time with you and Paul." Then, with a twinkle in his eyes, he said, "And, we need to take care of some unfinished business!" Cinda threw back her head and laughed and agreed that they would all have to get to know each other better.

They quickly put back on their gear and swam to the awaiting catamaran. One look at the glowing smiles on Paul and Lucy's faces told them that they had had a great swim too! They all settled down on their towels with more rum punch and Cinda recounted all of the wonderful things she'd seen and felt while snorkeling. She didn't mention the blowjob in the secluded cave thinking she would save the retelling of that part to a more intimate setting. 

Lucy looked over at Cinda, smiled and suggested that they lay out on the bow for some sun. It would give the boys a chance to get to know each other. Cinda readily agreed and followed Lucy to the front to find a spot to spread their towels. They sat down and Lucy offered to help with the suntan lotion. Cinda lay down on her tummy and Lucy spread an ample amount onto her back. She slowly began to massage the lotion into her shoulders and back, her fingers grazing the sides of her breasts, making Cinda warm to the touch. As Cinda relaxed, Lucy's hands lowered onto Cinda's ass, rubbing in the lotion there as well. As she grazed Cinda's pussy lips, she teasingly whispered in her ear, "We don't want to miss any spots!" Cinda couldn't agree more and spread her legs ever so slightly. Unfortunately, things couldn't go much further on the catamaran, but the air between Lucy and Cinda was thick was pent up desire. 

Cinda returned Lucy the favor of helping with the suntan lotion, doing her fair share of exploring Lucy's cute body and tight bottom. They then both settled down to a little sun bathing snooze, making sure to periodically turn over so as not to overcook! 

When they returned to the dock, they reluctantly put on their swimsuits and sarongs and disembarked. The two couples agreed to meet up for dinner at the resort's main restaurant and waved good-bye. Paul and Cinda walked back to their room holding hands. Neither said much but it was clear to both that they had each had an incredible afternoon. 

When the door closed behind them, Paul crushed Cinda to him and kissed her hard. "Oh god I want you so bad!" He was immediately hard against her stomach and passionately grabbed her ass. Her need was just as great and she wrapped her legs around his waist as he lifted her up and pushed her against the door. He quickly pulled down his swim trunks, pushed aside her sarong and thrust his hard cock into her awaiting pussy. They fucked, fast and furious. No foreplay or tenderness, just raw primal need. They came together quickly, grunting and panting like wild animals. 

After catching their breath, Paul gently placed Cinda back on her feet as his now soft cock slipped out of her pussy. She could feel the mixture of their cum dripping down her thighs and sighed, satisfied for now. They looked at each other, grinned and started to laugh. This was the vacation that they had always dreamed of. Now, they were going to have to hurry to make it to dinner on time!