 Terri, Don and Carol get together agree to seduce Mike too.

With his concentration centered on Don ramming his cock into his wife’s hungry pussy Mike didn't notice the figure moving up behind him. "Looks like their having a good time?" the soft female voice whispered.

Shocked at first, Mike turned around and saw Carol standing there with a smile on her face. "Man! You scared me!" he said. "I saw you leaving, but didn't know where you went?"

"Don pretended we needed ice so I volunteered to run down to the gas station carry-out and get some. I figured that would offer those two some time alone together," Carol replied.

"They sure aren't wasting any of it." Mike pointed out. "They were on each other before you left the parking lot."

Aware that Mike was still naked, Carol reached out and closed her fist around his hard shaft and began pumping it with her fist. "Looks like you could use some attention too," she said as her hand continued to stroke his stiff length of throbbing cock. Mike groaned softly trying not to make any noise but there was no holding back. He began thrusting his hips forward as the cum began to rise from his balls. Carol sensing his imminent orgasm dropped to her knees and inhaled his cock. Her breath was hot against his crotch and Mike's cock throbbed as she tongued its wide head. She knew there was no stopping now and relief forthcoming. She was going for the cum. Carol sucked his full length into her mouth and her tongue swirled around his rigid shaft and her hot saliva added to its heat. Then she grabbed his balls and squeezed them feeling the heavy load that was awaiting her. The tickling sensation in Mike's nuts built rapidly as Carol's lips slipped up and down the hot shaft. Mike’s balls clutched, trying to contain the energy that was building, the cum that was rapidly reaching a boiling point. Then suddenly, without warning, Carol changed her mind and jumped up and looked into Mike's eyes and said, "Fuck me!"

Together they fell to the ground with Carol parting her legs so Mike could slide his cock into her wet pussy. She bit down on the side of his neck as he slide his cock all the way in her tight pink hole until she felt him hit bottom. Then locking her arms tightly around him he started a deep, penetrating rhythm. Carol’s ass rocked up and down getting the full effect of his cock in her hot cunt. It wasn't long before Carol's cry, "I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" that Mike managed to reach one of her tits and suck her nipple into his mouth as he strained against her. Carol's pussy then went into over drive when her took hold her nipple and they bucked against each other, she crying out as they both came. Mike felt every molecule of his semen as it passed through him, flooding this younger women's deepest recesses. Finished, Mike collapsed on top of her with his cock still spurting what remained of his hot, pearly white jism into her dark, sopping wet, spasming pussy. Carol and Mike were both savoring the intense aftermath of their mutual orgasm when suddenly they heard Terri's scream. Jumping up they both peeked inside the cabin to see what was taking place. There they saw Terri now lying on the couch, her knees flexed and her legs spread completely apart with Don's face buried deep in her cum filled muff. His tongue was slithering in and out of her pussy lapping up their combined love juices as she reached another intense orgasm, one after another. 

"This looks like a good time to join them," Carol said. "I'll sneak over and they won't even know I'm there until it's too late." Carol left Mike and carefully stepped onto the boat but before she went below she removed her dress and tossed it across a chair. Naked now, except for her stockings and red heels she entered the cabin and made her way over to the couch and carefully knelt down next to Don and lightly tapped him on the shoulder gesturing for him to move so she could take his place. Terri's eyes were closed tight and she was lost in a sea of exotic pleasure from the cunt licking she was receiving from Don and wasn't even aware of the switch. Her body was moving back and forth loving the stimulation that was carrying her on to yet another climax.

Don had now moved up and was standing next to Terri’s face holding his stiff cock in one hand and pressing the swollen head against her lips. Terri opened her eyes and become conscious of him standing next to her pressing his cock against her lips and smiling at her. Suddenly her body froze but she continued to experience the attack being made on her pussy. Then pushing Don away she raised her head and recognized Carol's red hair with her face pressed against her pussy, working her head in a circle and sucking on her clit. "Oh No! This can't be happening, stop, please stop!"

Holding her legs firmly so she could not escape, Carol placed her tongue right near Terri’s hot wet hole and ran it right up the backside of her clit. Carol paused a moment then circled her clit with her thumb, massaging top to bottom causing her clit to get very hard. Shivers were coursing madly now through Terri’s whole body. Carol then released Terri’s legs, took her middle finger, and slid it deep into her pussy. She was finger fucking her, plunging two fingers in and out while she sucked on Terri’s clit. Terri's pussy to begin its orgasmic contractions and she kicked her feet high up in the air as her cunt throbbed madly around the probing intruders. Carol slipped her other hands under Terri's ass and one of her fingers found, and penetrated her tight anal hole. When she did this she heard Terri scream that it was too much and that she was cumming, Carol increased her attack on Terri's clit as her orgasm continued bucking her bare, beautiful ass up and down. 

“OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH” god she was cumming and it felt wonderful. This was the first time another woman had ever went down on her and she loved it. She had watched stuff like this with Mike on the videos but never thought she would enjoy it as much as she did and she also knew that it would not be the last time for it to happen. She wanted more!

Mike watched as his beautiful wife shuddered and climaxed violently from her first lesbian affair. Her tits danced around her chest, and her breath was coming in deep gasps as she climaxed again and again.

When Terri finally relaxed and opened her eyes Don was still standing next to her offering her his hard, throbbing cock. She grasped his shaft in her palm and yanking the swelling member up and down a few times, causing several drops of pre-cum to appear. With her fingers caressing the underside of his cock her tongue snaked out tasting the salty lubricant. Then her lips parted and she sucked the head deep into her mouth, taking care not to scrap it with her teeth, down her throat till her nose was buried in his hairy crotch. Her cheeks operating like a bellows, she sucked Don's cum filled cock with enthusiasm. At the same time Mike saw her hand reach down and squeeze his heavy bag, which was resting next to her chin, as her throat muscles milked his cock.

Motionless, Mike watched Don thrusting his huge cock between Terri's willing and hungry lips. Only half of his giant prick filled his wife's mouth now as she bobbed up and down on it. Suddenly Don's body turned wild as he was about to shoot his cum into her mouth again tonight.

"Suck it, baby!" he cried out. "Aggghh, take it all!" Don grunted, as his dick spurted hot sperm into her mouth.

Just as Carol was about to come herself from watching the two she plunged her tongue back into Terri's heated pussy and groaned with excitement as the first wave of orgasm over took her. With her lips locked on Terri's clit her own body stiffened and a loud sigh escaped her lips as she then fell back limp and quivering.

Don's cock slipped from Terri's mouth, across her flushed cheek, leaving a gooey trail of sticky sperm, as it did. Don looked down at the two females before him. Terri lay on the couch her eyes closed and her huge breast rising and falling with each breath. Her legs were still spread wide and he could see the matted hair surrounding her wet blonde pussy. Then he looked over at Carol, who was sitting back on her buttocks smiling; her fingers still lodged inside her own very wet pussy. 

"Doesn't she look beautiful laying there?" Carol asked, still fingering her hot hole slowly.

"She sure does." Don replied, his eyes staring down on Terri's nude form, causing his cock to stir again.

Carol, noticing that some hardness still remained in Don's cock she reached over and began stroking his manhood. Then leaning over, she licked his shaft from the tip, down to his hairy balls. Then taking one orb into her mouth, she sucked it gently at the same time her fist increased the tautness on his cock. A driblet of pre-cum oozed from the tip as she released his ball from her mouth and licked the droplet away before opening her cherry colored lips wide and sucking his cock inside. Then running her tongue up the sensitive vein on the underside, she circled his crown with her smooth tongue, sucking the bounteous slit.

"Oh baby, you suck cock so damn good." Don said, throwing back his head, eyes closed and moaned loudly as Carol continued to inhale his cock.

Carol didn't bother to answer him. She was too occupied sucking the swollen member, hoping to get him prepared for what was to come next. When she knew she had his cock just at the point of no return, she let it slip from her mouth, pulled him down next to her and guided him between Terri's creamy thighs. Then she began to massage the purple knob against Terri's pubes, making sure it was well moistened, and then inserted his pulsating member into her gushing cunt.

Don began pumping away and Terri just from instinct fucked right back at him, grinding her moist crotch up against him with each stroke, forcing the big dick deeper and more forcefully inside her love tunnel with each new stroke. With her breasts heaving up and down, with each attack, she spread legs wider, allowing him to enter her deeper. Don was teasing the depths of her cunt as he moved in and out, driving her wild. You could hear their bellies slapping together throughout the room as they rocked the couch back and forth as he hurled his boner into Terri's twat.

A new warmth came over Terri's pretty face, and her eyelids fluttered open. "Oh, fuck me!" she cried bucking her hips up at her intruder. "It feels so good. I love your big, thick cock, fuck me!" 

It was all Don could do to remain on top of her as she bucked and kicked as the passion waves surged through her body. Then it was Don's turn. He fucked Terri as fast as he could with deep short jabs, until finally the knot in his dick loosened and his jism spurted into her pussy. As the hot load splashed against her womb, her hips shot up to meet the burning fluid as it coated her depths.

the trio rested now and Mike watched them sitting naked together on the couch talking. Don was seated between the two girls and they were all laughing about something but he couldn't hear what they were saying. Managing to board the houseboat quietly, he crept up to the open window to listen.

"I hope you two girls have had enough for one night?" Don said. "I don't think my cock could take anymore." Both girls laughed as they gazed down at the flaccid member laying across Don's thigh.

Then Carol reached over and caressed the soft member with her hand and said. "I think we need to let him rest for tonight? What do you think Terri?"

Looking at Carol's hand patting the soft member, she agreed. "I think your right," she replied. "Maybe a good nights rest would do him some good?"

They all laughed as Don leaned over and gave each girl a small kiss on the cheek. "I thank you and my cock thanks you ladies."

"It's getting late and I think I'd better get back home too before Mike wakes up and finds me missing." Terri said. "He might worry where I am at this time of the morning."

Carol and Don remained seated on the couch as Terri stood up and started to dress. "I hope you're not upset that I joined the two of you?" Carol said, staring at Terri as she slipped her dress over her head.

"Well, at first I didn't know what was happening or what to do," Terri replied. "But after things started going I had a lovely time."

"I'm glad to hear that." Carol said. "From your first response I thought maybe you were upset and wanted to leave?"

"I did." Terri replied. "I've never done anything like that before and I didn't know what to expect."

"Was this the first time you've ever had another women go down on you?" Carol asked.

"Yes it was." Terri replied. "And it felt wonderful. I hope I can repay the favor sometime?"

"I'm happy to hear you enjoyed it. Maybe we could all get together again tomorrow and have some more fun?" Carol asked.

"I'd like that, but I don't know if it's possible?" she said.

"What do you mean, Terri?" Carol asked.

"Well I don't know if Mike would go along with it? If he ever found out that the three of us had sex together, I don't know what his reaction would be." Terri lied.

"Let’s take a vote. I think we need to persuade him to join us. What do you all say?" Carol asked.

Don looked at Terri, who was standing in front of them and they both yelled, “YES!”

Terri stood there knowing that wouldn't be a problem. Mike was already hot for Carol's pussy and would jump at the chance to fuck her. "I've got and idea. Tomorrow morning, you come over and invite us to go on a boat ride. We can find a nice quite spot around the lake and then we can see if we can talk him into it?

"That sounds like a great idea to me, how about you Carol?" Don asked.

"I think that's a great idea." Carol replied. "Maybe Don and I could put on another little show for him to set the mood?"

"What kind of show do you have in mind?" Don asked her.

"Don't you worry about that" Carol replied. "You just play along."

"I'd better get going" Terri said giving each one a small kiss. "I can't wait until tomorrow!"

Seeing her about to leave Mike made a quick retreat to their cabin to wait on Terri. He was sitting naked on the bed with his cock hard, waiting for his wife to return. When she entered the cabin Mike could see that her face was all aglow.

"Hi honey!" Mike said. "How did everything go?"

"Everything went great. After Carol and I put you to bed she invited me over for a night cap," she said, walking over to the bed and kissing her husband.

Mike detected the aroma of Don's after-shave on her body along with the perfume Carol was wearing. Then she stood in front of him and slid the thin shoulder straps off her shoulders, allowing her dress to fall to the floor. Still wearing her heels and garter belt she came closer to the bed and Mike noticed her nipples were still swollen with excitement as she sat down next to him. Mike put his arm around her shoulder and drew her close. Their eyes meet and he pressed his lips to hers as they fell back on the bed in a tight embrace. Mike's hand cupped her breast and squeezed it gently, feeling her melt in his arms.

With their bodies pressed close together, Terri felt Mike's throbbing cock up against her naked pussy. Slowly moving her hand down between them she made contact with the familiar object pressed against her. The swollen head of Mike's dick was seeping pre-cum from the opening and she began stroking her hand up and down its length.

Releasing her breast, Mike slid his hand down her flat stomach until it rested on the matted thatch of hair on her pussy. Terri spread her legs wider and Mike inserted first one, then two finger inside her drenched pussy feeling the remnants of Don's cum still inside her. Suddenly, Terri got up, threw her leg over Mike and straddled his body at crotch level.

holding his cock in her hand she lifted her ass and aimed the swollen head at her entrance then drop down allowing her pussy to swallow Mike cock like a man-eating plant capturing a morsel. his entire shaft had disappeared inside Terri’s pussy then she started twisting and churning her frothy, creamy snatch, fucking him for all it was worth. While Terri bounced her cunt up and down on Mike's cock, he reached up and began to squeeze her huge tits.

"Oh yes, Mike, play with my titties, pinch my nipples, twist them, pinch them hard!" Terri yelled as she rode his hot cock harder and faster.

Mike's balls were beginning to burn with a load of hot cum and he knew it wouldn't be long before he would fill his spirited wives cunt with a big wad of his sticky cum. 

"Fuck me, Mike. Fuck me hard." Terri pleaded as her hands covered Mike's as they worked on her bullet-hard nipples. Mike's balls could not wait any longer. His body surged up off the bed, jamming his expanding cock deep into his beautiful wife's cunt.

"Here it is, Baby! I'm cumming. Oh gawwwd! Aghhhh! Take my cum, you sexy bitch," he cried out as his prick exploded into his Terri's waiting pussy. Spurt after hot spurt of Mike's hot cum sprayed into his wife as she jammed her pussy down hard on his bursting cock and joined him with her own orgasm.

To be continued..........

Feedback welcomed. 