 I woke up a short time later. JC was still sleeping, so I slipped into the living room to check my messages. I wanted to get my plans ready for the vacation. I didn't know what to do with JC. We'd only just met, but there was definitely something there. I really wanted to get to know her better and taking her on this vacation would be a good way to do that. I just wasn't sure if she'd be interested.

I jumped when I heard her ask "What are you looking at?" 

"Checking my messages." I turned to see JC wearing one of my t-shirts. I was hoping there wasn't much else beneath that. "I have something I'd like to ask you, but please hear me out before you respond."

"OK." She stepped around and sat on the couch next to me.

"Well, after my last project, I was given a two week vacation at the company's resort. I was planning on going myself. But, I was wondering if you'd be interested in coming with me?"

She sat there quietly. I started to sweat. She was staring at me without blinking. She actually had tears in her eyes.

"I didn't bring enough clothes with me for two weeks away." 

"What?"

"I only packed for a few days. I didn't bring enough with me for a two-week vacation."

"Umm, so are you saying you'd like to go?"

"Maybe."

"OK, I'm getting ready to book a flight, so if clothes is the problem, I'm sure we can arrange something."

"What would I need to bring?"

"Well, I wouldn't mind if you brought absolutely nothing and walked around naked."

"Can I have a few minutes to think about it?"

"Sure."

"OK, be right back." She walked back to my bedroom and closes the door.

I decided to head downstairs to check get my mail. I was beginning to wonder if I was making a mistake, but quickly realized I really did want her to go. I'd even offer to buy her some stuff if that's what it took. Money wasn't really the issue, it was more about wanting her to want to be there with me.

When I got back to my condo, JC was sitting on the couch with her legs crossed. The shirt she was wearing barely covered her legs, but the position she was sitting I was almost able to see her pussy.

"Where'd you go?"

"Just to get my mail. I figured I'd give you a few minutes."

"Well, I've thought about it and have a few questions. First, why?"

"Because I want to get to know you better and see if we have something more than a quick weekend fling."

"But two weeks seems a bit extreme. Tell me why you want me to come?"

"Because so far, I really like everything about you. You're smart, sexy and great in bed. You excite me, and not just sexually. I think we'll have a lot of fun and adventures. My marriage was boring and you are anything but boring."

"OK, fair enough. And I definitely want to spend the time with you, but I have to wonder if it's going to be two weeks of sex or the beginning of something much better. I'm not a slut and don't go around having sex like the last twenty four hours have been. I enjoy sex with someone that I'm in love with. But there is something about you that is making me do this. So, is it sex or really about exploring if there is more?"

I smiled at her. "I'm being honest with you. Look, I know things are kind of weird. One thing that does concern me is the age difference. Plus, I can't give you kids. I'm sure you want to have them, so why would you be interested in anything long-term?"

"Because I can't have kids either. You want to know something about me, so here it is. My ex, Tony, cheated on me a few years ago. It turned out the girl gave him VD, which he then passed to me. I'm clean, but it left me unable to have kids." She was getting tears in her eyes, so I moved to sit closer to her. "It also left me feeling unworthy of anyone else to love me. So I stayed with him. Things kept getting worse, till I found out he was gay. That was the end for me. It left me a mess. So, I don't care about age or kids. I want to be with someone that makes me feel good. You do that. But I need to know if you are for real or just with me because of the sex."

I took her into my arms and hugged her. "I want you to come because I think we can have something good. Take a chance. I won't let you down." We sat like that for a while. JC finally pulled away.

"I still don't have anything to wear." 

"Let's go get you some shorts. We'll go shopping and find you something decent to wear. We'll leave tomorrow and by dinner, be on the beach."

We walked back to my room to find something to wear. I grabbed some of my workout shorts that had a tie string. When I turned around, JC was lying on the bed naked. She patted the bed next to her, I dropped the shorts and got on the bed with her.

"Promise me one thing. If you get tired of me, you'll tell me. Not just go find someone else to make you happy."

My answer was to kiss her deeply. "That's not my style. If anything changes, I'll make sure you know about it and we'll work it out. Got it?"

Her response was to smother me in kisses. Before I knew what hit me, she had my shorts down and my penis at the entrance to her pussy. She slid right down and slowly started to ride me. "Got it." Soon she was riding me hard and I let her do what she wanted. I wasn't close, but she was. I felt her pussy start to spasm, but she slowed and leaned forward to kiss me. I wrapped my arms around her and she just started to move her hips slowly. "Are you close?"

"No, and probably won't be. Go ahead and finish."

"Just hold me then." She slowed down and was just lying on top of me. "You have no idea how good it is to be held and wanted. The last few years with Tony were terrible. Even when we did have sex, it was mechanical for me. I always wondered what I had done wrong, but finally realized it wasn't me. You make me feel incredible. Just keep doing what you're doing and I'll make sure you stay happy."

I kissed her tenderly and we just lay there for a while, then got up and dressed. A few minutes later, we were in my car to buy JC some clothes.

We arrived at The Shoppes twenty minutes later and found some parking. We got out of the car and started to walk around. The place was pretty crowded, but it was Saturday, so it was expected. JC stopped walking and just looked at me. "So, what's changed since lunch?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, at lunch you were pretty freaked about me moving here. Now you're taking me away for two weeks. What's changed?"

"You really did make me realize that I was being an ass. And I wasn't freaked that you wanted to move here. I thought it was because you were moving here because of me. There was no way I wanted to be the reason for that. But when you explained things, it made sense."

"I can accept that. Now let's go shop."

The first place we stopped was a bathing suit shop. I had a perpetual boner the entire time. The first suit she tried on was possibly the skimpiest bikini ever made. Her large tits were absolutely pouring out of the cups and the bottoms barely covered her ass. Each suit after that was sexier then the last. She wouldn't tell me what she bought and that it was going to be a surprise. Before I knew it we were on to the next store. This one was a bit tamer as she picked out some tank tops, shorts and various other casual clothes, but the next one we stopped in was for more elegant dresses. I promised her a very nice dinner and she wanted to buy something for the occassion.

The first dress was form fitting and hugged every curve. The top dipped between her tits down to just below the bottom of her ribs. Along the left leg, there was a slit that went from the bottom to just below her hip. She walked out like she was on the catwalk in Paris and all I could do was stare. "So, what do you think?" My mouth opened several times, but no words came out. Finally I was able to mutter, "You look absolutely gorgeous."

She gave me a devastating smile and turned to walk back to the dressing room. As she was about to enter, she looked over her shoulder, put her hand to her mouth and blew me a kiss. I can honestly say it may have been one of the sexiest things that's ever happened to me. None of the other dresses she tried on had the same effect as the first, but they were still as sexy as hell. By now I was having trouble hiding my boner. She bought two dresses and I only prayed one of them was that first dress. 

Our next stop was the lingerie shop. I knew I was in trouble and so did she. She stopped right outside the entrance, then took my hand. "Why don't you go over to that bar and take a break. You'll get to see everything over the next two weeks and I want it all to be a surprise. Plus, I'm not sure I won't get you me into trouble. I've already noticed you are having an issue in your shorts."

How could I argue with that? She gave me a kiss and then walked into the store. Just before entering, she turned to me and shooed me away. The devilish glint in her eye told me I'd be very happy later on.

I looked around. I didn't come here very ofter, actually, not at all. Across the street was the bar that JC mentioned, so I grabbed the bags and went inside. I looked around and had to laugh. There were about ten to fifteen guys doing exactly the same thing as me. They all had bags on the floor from various stores and were watching the games while having a drink. I quickly found a table, put the bags on a couple of chairs and got comfortable. The waitress came over and took my order. I decided I might be here a while, so I ordered a Manhattan. When she came back with my drink, she asked if I'd like anything else. I decided to wait on food till JC came so she went off to help another table. 

After making her rounds, she came back to check on me. "I see your wife is doing some shopping." and she pointed at the bags. "Girlfriend actually," I replied. 

She looked at the bags. "Lucky girl. I'm lucky if my boyfriend will buy me dinner before trying to get into my pants. Maybe I should aim a bit higher next time." She gave a little laugh, then walked off. She was cute. Maybe 5'6" with short brown hair, and brown eyes. She had a nice smile and a small sexy nose. Her best feature was definitely her tits though. At least a C cup, but probably a D and they stood high and proud. Her outfit helped to accentuate them and she knew how to use them. At other tables, she'd lean over just enough for the customer to get an eyeful, then she'd give them some playful banter and move to the next table. I realized that's exactly what she'd done for me as well and just smiled. 

I finished my first drink and ordered a second. The waitress, Shelly, brought it over and gave me another show while making idle talk. Then she was off to make her rounds. After the fashion show JC had put on, I was tightly wound. There wasn't much in the way of games going on, so I just switched from TV to TV to see what was happening. After an hour, the place had emptied quite a bit, so Shelly spent some extra time talking with me. She was leaning over the table giving me a great view down the top of her shirt when I looked up to see JC standing behind her. "Are you getting a nice show?" 

Shelly jumped and turned around. "I'm sorry, it was quiet so I just came over to talk." I saw JC wink at her, but Shelly must not have noticed. "I'm sorry, I was just trying to earn an extra bit for my tip."

"It's OK. Can I get a Sam Adams please?" Shelly shuffled off to get JC"s drink, a bit quicker then I expected. JC took a seat and placed three more bags with the others "She's got great tits. Were you enjoying the view?"

I just smiled at her. "I was very much, but not nearly the show you put on for me. Find everything you wanted?"

She just smiled at me with a wicked glint to her eyes. She had changed into one of the casual outfits she had bought at the second store. The tank top she was wearing really showed off her perfect breasts. The shorts tightly fit her ass and she was wearing sandals I was pretty sure she could make burlap look sexy. Shelly came back with JC's beer and was clearly nervous.Shelly was cute and had huge tits, but she was no match. She asked if we'd like anything else and I requested menus. "I think I made her nervous."

"It looks like it. Of course, I'm sure you make a lot of girls nervous." Something just occurred to me. "What does JC stand for?"

JC looked surprised, then laughed. "Boy, I'm about to let you take me to some exotic resort and you don't even really know my name. This should be fun." I waited a few moments until Shelly returned with our menus. 

"Are you planning on telling me or just making me guess?"

Her smile was huge. "It stands for JC." I blinked. "It's a strange story. My parents couldn't decide between Julia or Christina. My dad wanted Julia after his grandmother and my mom wanted Christina only because she liked the name. I have 6 older brothers and sisters and they were all named after older family members. My mom hated my dad's grandmother because of something that happened at their wedding. Turns out my dad didn't like her either and was just trying to make his mom happy. So they compromised and named me JC." I just stared at her. 

"You're making that up," I said, even though it sounded hard to make up.

"I'm serious, that's my legal name." and she reached into her purse, pulled out her wallet and showed me her credit cards and licence. They all said JC Ingram.

We decided on what to eat, then JC went off to the ladies room. Shelly came back over and took the order, giving me another show. "That's one heck of a girlfriend you have there. Makes me feel like a bloated whale."

"She is pretty amazing." Shelly just smiled and went off to place our order. JC came back, gave me a kiss and took her seat. I couldn't help but stare at her. She was gorgeous with those big almond eyes, long, thick hair and perfect tits. My dick got hard thinking about those luscious lips and what they could do wrapped around my dick. I think she sensed what I was thinking. "I've got a surprise for you when we get back from shopping."

"Oh yeah? Can I have a hint?"

"Let's just say, you're going to have a huge smile when it's over." She just smiled and started asking me more questions about myself and answering more about herself. We finished dinner and went back out to the street. It was dark now, but they were still crowded. "Let's just get going. I have mostly everything I need and can probably get whatever else I need at the resort. Besides, I have this really bad itch that I need to scratch."

Before I was even on the road, JC had leaned her seat back and reached into her pants. She was looking at me as I saw her hand go between her legs. She let out a low moan as she made contact with her clit. She wasn't waisting any time and before we were a mile away, her pants were down around her ankles. She had her legs spread as wide as she could and she was putting on a fantastic show. "I really need to get this itch scratched. How soon can you be home?" She was now rubbing her pussy with one hand and squeezing her tits with her other. She watched me the whole time and was really enjoying herself. Her pussy was wet and she was now sliding two fingers in and out. Her breathing was getting heavier and she was making small mewing noises. 

I must have broken all kinds of laws, but I was home in record time. I parked and we were almost running up to the condo. I opened the door and she ran straight for the bedroom, shedding clothes as she went. By the time I'd gotten to the there, she was already in bed, continuing where she left off. I pulled the rest of my clothes off, climbed onto the bed and dove right into her pussy. She only allowed me a couple of licks before she pulled me on top of her. My hard dick sliced through her slick pussy like a hot knife through butter and we both moaned as I settled in her. "I've been wanting to do this since that first bikini."

JC said "I've been waiting since you asked me to go away with you. I thought about bringing you into the dressing room at that dress store, but thought we'd get into trouble." I started slow, but she didn't want slow. "Fuck me. I've been dripping wet since the bathing suit store and just need to get fucked. Now do it." So I said screw slow and just started to fuck. She was well lubed and pretty soon we were in a good rhythm, banging together and making lots of noise. It wasn't long after that she was coming and screaming loud enough to wake the dead. After all the teasing I got this afternoon, I was ready and when I felt her pussy spasm around my cock, I started to shoot load after load into her pussy. This only made her cum harder and was pretty soon thrashing around. 

We finally both calmed down and I rolled off of her. "Wow, that was fantastic. When you came out in that first bikini, I was ready to drag you somewhere to have my way with you. Then we went into that dress shop and I thought I ripped my shorts. You are too sexy for words."

"Good, that was my goal. And you haven't seen anything yet. I got some stuff after you left that is going to give you a stroke. But you have to promise not to look till we are away from here."

"Deal. So, was the show in the car your surprise?"

"Not even close. That will come in a little while. I was just so worked up from dressing up that I needed to do something. I wasn't kidding about being horny all the time. Especially when I'm with someone that I want to be with."

That made me smile and I rolled over and started kissing her. I started to roll on top of her, but she pushed me off. "Let's shower first. I need to scrub down after trying on all those clothes." 
"Sure. I'll go start the shower." JC jumped out of bed and headed to the living room. She came back with one of her bags. 

"It's some shower stuff that I bought. I knew I'd need something for tonight." What was wrong with my soap? I tried to look, but she pulled it away from me. "No peeking."

I checked the water and when it was ready, I climbed in. JC was right behind me. "No funny stuff. I have a big surprise and don't want you to be worn out. But I will let you wash my back for me."

I was disappointed, and she did make me wait. Not that I was really that upset. I had a feeling that whatever she had planned, I'd be very happy. "OK, now get out. I need some time to do some things."

As soon as I was out the the bathroom door she shut and locked it. I put on some shorts and went into the living room. I grabbed my laptop and started to look for flights. I found the flight I wanted. It left at noon and we'd be on the beach by dinner. 

Thirty minutes later, everything was set. I had the tickets purchased and the resort would be waiting for us. I wasted some time checking the scores and going through my email. One was from Paula so I opened it.

"Johnny, I'm so glad you and my granddaughter are hitting it off so well. I knew you would which is why I planned for you to meet. I actually had other plans to do that, but the dinner worked out even better. Take good care of her and she'll take good care of you. I knew I'd made the right choice when I suggested to Mr. James that you take over the lead. Have a good time on vacation and don't forget to take care of JC. She's very precious to me and very fragile. But from talking to her on the phone, it sounds like you're off to a good start. See ya when you get back in a couple of weeks. Paula."

Well, that was interesting. And it also answered one of my questions, but opened up a few others. Why was JC 'fragile'? Because of what happened with her ex? Guess I'll find out at some point. I shut down and realized I'd been out here almost an hour. I went back to the bedroom and knocked on the bathroom door. "Everything OK in there?"

"Yeah, everything's good. I just need a few more minutes. I promise, it'll be worth it."

I went out to the kitchen and found my bottle of Beam and poured myself a drink. I also found a bottle of wine and a glass for JC. I had no idea if she'd like it since I wasn't even sure where it came from. I brought it back to her, knocked on the bathroom door and announced I had the wine. "Thanks, can you just leave it out there? I don't want you to see me yet." Now I was extremely curious and anxious. 
