 I woke a while later and just lay in bed, reveling in the feeling of contentment. Two hot girls at once and I was completely drained, but felt fantastic. I started to focus on the voices in the other room and was able to distinguish between the two. I heard JC saying "and it just keeps getting crazier and crazier." To this I heard Shelly say "But good crazy, right? I mean John seems to be a really nice guy. Plus he's fantastic in the sack. I've never been fucked like that."

I smiled at that, but the next thing I heard made the smile disappear. "He's great, but I know nothing about him. It's been pretty much 24 hours of sex and not much else. My grandmother has known him for ten years and says what you see is what you get. But I still have my concerns. Hell, he's got kids that are closer in age to me than he is."

That was true. My oldest was 22 and finishing college in December. My youngest was now a freshman and had just left to get an early start to the semester for soccer. I just kept listening. Shelly said, "You'll have two weeks alone on some tropical paradise to get to know him better. I guess the only real question is what you want from him and what kind of future you'll have. He has three grown kids already and probably doesn't want to start changing diapers again."

"That doesn't matter. Tony had an affair several years ago and got some sort of disease that he passed on to me. I'm safe now, but just not able to have kids. I told Johnny and he took it well. To be honest, he makes me feel so good that I'm just happy to be with him. After what Tony put me through, it feels good to have someone who wants to be with me."

There was a long pause before JC continued. "The real problem is that I'm falling for the jerk, but I'm scared out of my mind. How do I know he won't hurt me like Tony did?"

"You'll never be able to move on if you don't take a chance. Johnny seems to really like you, but if you go in afraid to get hurt, you probably will. You have two weeks to really find out about him. Blow his mind and I'm pretty sure he'll be yours. I'm sure some of the stuff you bought will do that."

JC giggled. "I sure hope so. You should see some of the dresses I got. He won't be able to tear his eyes away from or keep his hands off me" I smiled thinking about that dress she modeled for me. 

It was quiet in the other room till I heard JC say, "Let's go see if sleeping beauty is awake yet. I'm starting to get another itch." Shelly laughed. "I'm sure you are. It's only been two hours since you were scratched, you slut."

I closed my eyes and pretended to be asleep. The bed moved and one of the girls climbed on. "He's still sleeping, but he's hard. Maybe I should wake him up and take care of that." It was JC and I felt her climb on top of me till she was in the right position. Then she sank down all the way. "Oh shit, I love how that feels." I opened my eyes at that point and she was just looking down at me, her tits hanging down as she slowly rode me. "Good morning sleepy head. I noticed you were a little stiff, so I thought I'd take care of that for you. I'd hate to have you roll over and hurt yourself." I smiled up at her and gave her a hard thrust.

"I appreciate that, especially if we're going away for two weeks together. I'd hate to not be able to scratch your itches." That earned me a slap on the shoulder. She was wearing one of my dress shirts with several buttons undone at the top. I felt the bed move again and saw Shelly climbing on as well. She was also wearing one of my dress shirts. I made a mental note to get a few more. I was starting to realize they looked a lot sexier on the girls than on me, so I felt a few extra may encourage them to keep wearing them. 

JC was going slow and easy. There was no sexual frenzy this time, just the feeling of having me inside her. She was leaning over and I could see her tits swaying with each movement she made. I found it incredibly sexy, so I didn't make a move to take the shirt off. I just put my hands behind my head and savored the sensation of having her do all the work. Her pussy felt great as it moved up and down on my cock. She had a content look on her face and didn't seem to mind that I was taking it easy. She leaned further and just gave me sweet, tender kisses all around my face. After a while she picked up some speed and really started to move her hips. But it was still far from the frenzy of earlier.

To my right, I heard some soft moaning and looked over at Shelly. She was lying next to us and just watching. Her legs were spread and she was softly playing with her pussy. She had opened her shirt and was displaying her huge tits. She seemed as content as JC. The two of them were really having a good effect on me, but I'd cum so much already, I knew I was in it for the long haul this time. 

I reached up and finally undid the buttons on JC's shirt, pushing it down her arms and off. "I was beginning to wonder if you didn't like my tits."

"Are you kidding? I love them. I'm not sure why, but seeing them in one of my shirts is just amazingly sexy and I wanted to savor that for a while."

"Now you see what I meant before?" JC said to Shelly. 

Shelly responded, "Yeah. He really is a charmer." 

JC leaned over and whispered in my ear. "You can see them anytime you'd like. You just have to ask nicely." Then she licked my ear, rotated her hips a couple of times, and then got off. "I think it's time Shelly got a turn. If she goes too long without some cock in her pussy, she changes into a werewolf or something." Shelly punched JC in the arm, but was laughing. "I think you're getting me confused with yourself, you little slut. I'm not the one who took my pants off in his car so I could masturbate."

JC blushed at that and said, "You little whore. He wasn't supposed to know I'd told you that." But she was laughing. Shelly moved over on top of me and slid down my hard, but well lubed dick. She didn't slide down quite as fast as JC and she was still really tight. Her face was scrunched up as she went down, but she was finally all the way down. She sat like that for a few seconds before finally moving. "Yeah, well I'm not the one who's been fucked so much I can just slide down this monster. It's still stretching me out."

JC just laughed and said "Well, maybe you need to find some better men. When you find one like Johnny, you'll understand." She was lying right next to me. "Don't let her fool you. That pussy has had more then it's fair share of cock. Isn't that right you little hussy?" Shelly just stuck her tongue out. "Don't forget what I told you about that tongue of yours." JC said. 

"If I wasn't enjoying this ride so much, I'd use it on you. I bet that slutty hole of yours is just begging for it.", Shelly replied back. All this talk was really getting to me. I'm sure it didn't hurt to have my own two sexpots taking turns riding me. It was better than any dream I'd ever had. "But you'll just have to wait your turn because this is too good to give up right now." Her breathing was getting heavier and her hips were moving faster and faster now. 

"Look at that little slut. She's barely been on you for a minute and she's ready to cum. Watch this." JC got up, walked around the bed behind Shelly. I couldn't really see what she was doing but suddenly Shelly let out a long deep moan and slowed her ride. Then I felt JC's fingers move down to where my dick was moving in and out of Shelly. "She's so wet it's just pouring out of her." Then her fingers moved away and Shelly let out another long moan. This time I felt her pussy spasm around my dick and her breathing got faster. Her hips start to really move again, but the movements weren't as smooth. I heard JC say "Just as I suspected. She loves having her ass played with. I bet if you tried to fuck her ass, you'd slide right in. How about it Johnny? Want to give it a shot?" That was all Shelly could take and she exploded all over my cock. Shelly was still riding me and I saw JC reach out, grab her hair and pull her back towards herself. "Finish the whore off Johnny. Pinch a nipple and she'll be done." I almost felt sorry for her, but I did it. As soon as I touched her, she exploded a second time. This time her whole body spasmed several times. JC let go of her hair and she just tumbled onto her side onto the bed. 

Shelly was panting heavy and just staring off into space. JC moved over behind her and lovingly caressed her until Shelly started to breath more normal. Her eyes came back into focus and she rolled over and punched JC in the arm. JC backed away, but realized Shelly was just playing. Then she moved back and kissed her. Shelly said "Wow and I thought before was amazing. I thought I was going to die there for a minute. But warn me next time. I've never had anyone play with my ass before and it hurt at first." Then they remembered I was still there. "It looks like you'll have to finish him off now, because I'm done."

JC didn't say anything, just smiled, climbed onto the bed, straddled me and then slid down till I was fully buried inside her. Then she was riding hard and fast. Her pussy was like a swamp and it didn't take very much to get her close. I could see it in her face. Her tits were flushed and her eyes had lost focus. But I slowed her down with my legs. She looked annoyed and started to say something when I grabbed her close and flipped her onto her back. I heard Shelly say, "I think she was going to slug you. She was close and you stopped her." Shelly was laughing now. "I told you she was a slut. Can't go two hours without cumming." That earned her a dirty look that lasted as long as my first stroke. I had taken her legs and pushed them towards her chest and was sitting back on my heels. My thrusting must have been hitting the right spot because all of a sudden she got flush again and started moaning loudly. "That's right Johnny. Give it to her. Fuck her into next week. Make her scream." And I did. I started thrusting harder and harder and she started moaning louder and louder. She was so wet her pussy was making squishing noises and her tits were bouncing all over the place. I still wasn't very close, but she was. "Oh, please stop. I can't take anymore. I don't know what you're hitting, but it's driving me crazy. Please stop." I shifted a little so I was hitting a new spot and her eyes flashed open. "Don't stop, don't stop, oh that's the spot. Yes, fuck me and make me cum. That's it, I'm almost there." Right then I reached down and flicked her clit. The scream that came out of her was amazing. Her whole body jerked twice and then all of a sudden she was squirting all over my chest. I couldn't believe how much came out of her. Her body jerked a few more times and she squirted once more, then lay still on the bed. I was soaked. Shelly was just staring at me with her mouth wide open.

We both looked at JC who was just lying there, her head to the side and her mouth open. She was breathing very fast and heavy. She was sweating and her chest was still flushed. I just sat still for a while until she turned her head and looked at me. A big smile on her face. "What happened?" She was looking at my chest which was dripping wet. "Did I do that?" She still had the smile, but it was a little bit on the crazy side. 

"Yes, that's all from you." I was still inside her, but neither of us was moving. 

"Holy shit. All I know is I was right on the edge, but it didn't feel like I could get across and all of a sudden, WHAM, it was like someone shocked me. I must have blacked out for a moment because I don't remember much. Just that my body feels amazing. I don't think I can move yet."

Shelly said, "I've never seen anything like that. All he did was adjust the way he was moving in you and then touched your clit and you exploded. You actually looked like you'd been shocked." Then she looked at me. "And you're still hard? How did you not cum with that?" 

"I'm not close. It felt good, but I think you guys have worn me out." 

"Worn you out? I may be done for the next week the way I feel now. I hope I recover enough before we leave or you're going to be one sad, horny guy." JC just laughed at that. "Or, if you promise to do that again, I'll just move in now and never leave again." She was still laughing. And I was still hard. I would have expected to go soft by now. Shelly also noticed. "JC, he's still hard. Do you mind if I take him for a ride?" Her eyes were on fire now.

"No, go for it." I'm pretty sure at this point she would have agreed to anything. I watched JC for a minute longer and saw that her eyes were closed and her breathing had become steady. She'd fallen asleep.

"I thought you were done for the night?" I grinned at her and she blushed.

"After watching that performance, I'm ready for one more go."

She was eyeing my dick, which was still hard. JC was sound asleep, so I took Shelly's hand and pulled her into my spare room. Once inside the door, I pushed her against the wall, pinned her arms above her head and kissed her savagely. I had my body pressed against her so I adjusted my hips till my dick was between her legs. I could feel her wetness leaking down her leg and moved my hips so that my cock would slide along her slit.

Shelly moaned into my mouth and rocked her hips. "Fuck me like you fucked JC. I want to cum like she did." Her cunt was super slick already, so I shifted so that my dick was positioned right at her slick entrance. Once I was in position, I thrust up. My dick sliced into her and she let out a long moan. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck. Hold on. Just stay like that." I could feel her start to loosen up and then she gyrated her hips. "OK, that feels better. You almost split me wide open."

"You wanted it like JC and that's what I gave you." I smiled down at her. I thought by now she'd be wet enough for a full thrust, but I must have been wrong. Hey movements got a little stronger and I knew she was ready now. I lifter her legs up and moved over to the bed. She flopped back when I got to the bed and spread her legs wide. I gripped her ankles and pushed them so her knees were pressed against her tits. I started to thrust into her hard. Her arms were still above her head and I was pounding her so hard her tits were bouncing all over the place. Each thrust made her grunt. I looked down and watched as my dick split her over and over. It was glistening with her juices and I got a dirty thought. Shelly's eyes were closed now and her mouth was open. I rubbed her clit and her eyes opened. She started to squeal this time and I kept it up. Then I pulled my dick out of her pussy. She must have been really enjoying my finger on her clit because she didn't even notice till I placed the head of my dick against her ass and pushed. She let out a grunt and stared at me, but she didn't stop me either.

"Are you OK?"

"Yeah, just go real slow. I've never done anything like that with more than a finger."

"Just relax and tell me how it feels. I'll go real slowly." I kept making small circles on her clit and slowly pushed against her ass. It opened and the head slid in. But she didn't stop me and I kept pushing. Suddenly the whole head disappeared and Shelly screamed, put her feet on my chest. 

"Oh shit, please stop. Just don't move. Damn that hurt. Just don't move." I just stood there, the head of my dick inside her and didn't move a muscle. I held her hand and just watched her face. Her eyes were shut tight and I could see her stomach muscles quiver. Her ass was gripping my dick so hard, I wasn't sure I could move if I had wanted to. After several minutes, I felt her relax, so I massaged her clit a little more. She opened her eyes and said, "It doesn't hurt so much now. Try pushing a little bit."

I just nodded and started to push. My dick was so slick, that it slid into her without much resistance. Every time I felt her ass clench around my dick, I would stop. Then when she relaxed again, I pushed. It felt like eternity, but suddenly I was completely inside her ass. When I didn't move for a few minutes, she looked up at me. "Are you all the way?"

"Yes. How does it feel?"

"OK. It just hurts a little. Try going slowly." I slowly pulled out and watched as my dick emerged from her ass. It didn't seem to hurt much, but suddenly Shelly let out a huge moan. "Oh damn that feels good. It still hurts a little, but it's getting better and feels amazing."

I was enjoying it as well. The tightness was putting nice pressure on my cock. When just the head remained inside, I pushed in again. I could actually feel her anal tunnel spread around me. Shelly only cringed a little, but I didn't slow down this time. When I reached bottom she grunted and said "Fuck. Do that again. Just like that." I pulled out a little faster this time and then thrust slowly into her. "Yeah, just like that. A little faster this time." Her breath was coming faster and she was pinching and twisting her nipples now. 

This time I pulled out and thrust right back into her. "Oh yeah. Fuck my ass. Fuck it good." She arched her back on my next thrust and grunted. "Oh shit. Your dick feels fantastic. Fuck me, fuck me harder."

Now I was getting close to cumming. I needed to finish her off soon, so I slid three fingers into her soaking wet pussy and kept up the circles on her clit. She screamed when my fingers entered her and she pulled on her tits harder. Suddenly I felt arms wrap around me and I turned my head to see JC standing behind me. Shelly still had her eyes closed. Her hips were thrusting against me. JC walked around to my side and moved my fingers from her clit. Then stuck her tongue out and licked it. Shelly opened her eyes and saw JC and that was it. She let out a huge groan, thrust her hips one more time, screamed and came. A flood of nectar flowed out of her pussy and her ass gripped me tight. JC was looking up at me during this whole thing and the sight of her licking Shelly's pussy while I fucked her ass put me over the edge. 

I shot load after load into Shelly's ass. This seemed to send a shock through Shelly's whole body as it spasmed again and again. JC kept licking till Shelly pushed her head away. I had one more thrust left, and then sagged to the floor, completely spent. Shelly's legs dropped down. JC sat on the floor next to me and pushed me down. She was kissing me like a person possessed, then suddenly sat up and yanked Shelly down to the floor with us. She flopped off the bed and the three of us lay in a pile on the floor. 

After a few minutes of this, my back started to hurt. "How about we all get into bed and get some sleep. I know I could certainly use some." Both the girls agreed and we stumbled into my bedroom and into bed. I lay on my back with each of the girls resting their head on my shoulder. Both of them quickly fell asleep, but for some reason sleep eluded me for a while. 

I looked down at JC. She had a smile on her face and was sound asleep. There was something about her face that I hadn't seen before. Maybe she was content, I couldn't really be sure. Finally sleep came.

I woke up with the sun shining through my window. JC was still asleep on my shoulder, but Shelly had rolled off sometime during the night. I tried to move but JC was too entrenched. She still had the smile on her face and it sounded like she was humming a little. When I looked back at Shelly, she was looking at me. "She seems to be happy."

"Yeah. She had that smile when she fell asleep last night too. What time is it? We have a noon flight, so would have to leave by about ten."

"Oh, it's only seven thirty. I guess we never closed the shades last night."

Shelly's hair was a mess, but it was kind of sexy. She'd put on one of my shirts at some point, so was covered up, but it actually made her look hotter. "What are you thinking?" she asked.

"About how sexy you look right now. Especially with my shirt on."
