 Chapter 7

Allan and Beth continued to enjoy their two weeks away. Ibiza was always one of their favourite haunts. They both worked very hard and so it was only natural that they played hard, too and the break was much needed by both of them. The warm Mediterranean sun had warmed their skin and lifted their spirits and despite the continual party environment, the atmosphere between Beth and Allan had altered. Allan was having trouble putting his finger on it, the change in Beth somewhat subtle yet, conversely, definite. There had been a shift in attitude that Allan had noticed since Beth’s involvement with Juan just a few days earlier. Beth had always enjoyed the attention she’d received, guys hitting on her in almost every situation imaginable, something that had happened to her since she hit puberty. To that effect, Beth had grown almost immune to it, enjoying the attention, her ego boosted by the inner knowledge that guys found her attractive and sexy. Beth had learned to capitalize on the attention, often going out for an entire evening and spending nothing more than her cab fare.
Yet despite Beth’s experience of warding off the guys, beating them off with a shitty stick, her confidence had grown. Allan had noticed her over the last few days, his wife had experienced another man, a well endowed man and had received a mountain of attention. At first she had rebelled against it, rejected Juan before pretending he were her own wonderful husband. But then, things progressed further than she imagined and she’d ended up having full sex with this total stranger. Despite Beth’s loyalty and unrelenting love for Allan, she had allowed this stranger to take her, to have unprotected sex with her and, if that hadn’t been bad enough for Allan to witness, she had then taken the lead and fucked this stranger again, riding him like some porno star and again, without protection.
Allan had discussed the matter with Beth, they both knew their relationship had changed, move to another plane from which there could be no going back. They either had to live with it or cut their losses and separate. Both had pledged their undying love to each other, and despite their marriage vows, “keeping only unto thee as long as you both shall live”, there was an unwritten agreement that both parties had been wrong, Allan for having coerced Beth into having sex out of wedlock in the first place, Beth for having agreed and then progressing the matter further, taking Juan again after he’d had his way with her.
Beth had felt different although she had not admitted the fact to Allan, as that might be misconstrued as a sign of guilt. Sure, she’d lost control a bit but she felt that, in her defence, the opportunity to be fucked with an 11 inch cock was something she just couldn’t let pass her by, she might never get another chance. Yet emotionally, Allan was all she needed and all she wanted. But the power she’d experienced had really opened her eyes. Until now, she’d used the power to save her money in pubs and clubs, to get pissed on a shoe string as it were. But after her recent experience with Juan, it had dawned on her that maybe she could have more fun, not just prick teasing but taking the guy (or guys – the image made Beth smile) beyond, making him want her and she, Beth, having the power to make his day or ruin his life. 
She absent mindedly rolled her wedding ring up and down her ring finger like she was masturbating a man’s erection, lost in her own world within her mind. Her inner sexuality had been awakened and it was addictive, she suddenly realized she wanted more than just Allan. It had been 4 days since she had been fucked by Juan. Conversely, it had also been 4 days since she had reciprocated, she had fucked the Spaniard, her mind remembering only her role play, lost in the pretence and blissfully unaware of how wild she had acted, as wild as any evening when she’d had a pep from some E.
Consequently, Beth had toyed with the boys to an extent that had surpised Allan. In fact, even their own love making had changed. To the voyeur, there may have been no noticeable difference, still as wild and intense, their actions hungry and demanding, yet subtly there were all sorts of changes.  Beth had changed from demanding Allan make love to her, instead demanding now to be fucked. 
Beth had barely noticed her slow but definite evolution, almost like the changing of seasons where the weather gradually changes, a degree or so difference every few days and, before you know it, ground frost becomes sunshine. To Beth, she was still in spring, not realizing she was in summer mode and that she had changed, had become more confident, taking the lead in their sexual encounters, any shyness well and truly dissolved. 
This had emanated into her attitude when they had gone clubbing, proactively engaging in conversation, taking the lead, flirting as though her life depended on it. Beth had caught the bug. She had the power, her sexy curvaceous body, her confident manner and her come-to-bed eyes were able to melt even the strongest willed hot-blooded male. To that extent, Beth was patently aware, she felt more confident, she felt sexy and she loved that feeling. She loved the attention, more so than before and whereas she might have discouraged the guys hitting on her, now she was flaunting her self, advertising almost. But why?
Beth had still been unable to work out her motivations. OK, it had been Allan’s idea for her to flirt, to lead the guy on and she had done it solely for Allan, her husband.  Beth had felt disgusted with herself initially, the thought of having gone “all the way” with Juan and having been unfaithful to Allan who, by her own admission, she still loved dearly. Yet she had been so turned on, so aroused partly due to her and Allan role playing the swinging scene over the last few months. It was because of this that she had become so turned on, so aroused and so horny that she wanted just to have sex, to feel the release of tension that only a climax could offer. In Allan’s absence, Beth had gone into autopilot, so to speak, and Juan’s enormous erection had been in the right place at the right time. Beth had suggested to Allan, very politely, “any port in a storm” although, in reality, Beth would have gone ape-shit if Allan had done the dirty on her.
Yet because Beth had imagined Juan’s cock was Allan’s, it had taken the edge off the unfaithfulness, made it seem OK and, as the idea had been initiated by Allan, her part in the whole affair had been minimal. She had tried to convince herself, and Allan, that it was all OK yet she knew Juan had been really turned on by her. Not just her pretty face, her curvaceous body and her sexy legs, but her attitude, her sexy dirty talk, her wildness between the sheets and general aura of being horny. Add to this the adrenalin rush she’d enjoyed looking at Juan as he had entered her, his look of delight, of satisfaction and total arousal. Despite the fact Beth had been mentally in role play mode, she still had her wits about her, her powers of observation not deserting her. She had witnessed, first hand, Juan’s excitement at Beth as she had sucked his cock, permitted him access to her soaking wet pussy, the passion as he had fucked her, their pleasure mutual, Juan’s eyes melting as his climax built, exploding in her pussy, cumming inside her, filling her pussy with his alien semen.
Despite being unconscious for his second cumming, she had experienced her own climax on his monster sized erection, his rough pubic hair stimulating her clitoris, her pussy stretched beyond her wildest imagination. Beth had found Juan’s cock an amazing experience, her previously limited sexual encounters had never unearthed anything of this magnitude before. She and Allan had visited adult websites and had seen some images of humungous penis’ but she had always believed it was nothing more than trick photography. How could these things vary in size? She considered her female colleagues at work, all with varying bust sizes and realized that there could be some variation but without surgery, could a guy really be that big? 
Personal experience now told her it could. What a way to find out.
Yet cock size was not necessarily her goal, although it had been very fulfilling (it had fully filled her anyway she thought to herself inwardly), it was more the desire of other guys to want her, to physically want her. She had come to realize that it had always been there, guys had always wanted to screw the pants off her but she never realized the extent of this desire and now she had experienced it, she wanted more. Lots more. It had been fun.
Beth had relived the experience, role playing with Allan in such a way that he thought she was making up for her infidelity. In reality, Beth was play acting how she might arouse other men, how she might develop the prick teasing and how she would enjoy having her husband later. Her actions had become greater, more passionate and Allan had enjoyed the change in Beth yet he also feared what he was making her in to. Was he making her some sort of slut? Beth was his dear lovely wife, how could he make her into some cock-craving tart? What sort of shit-bag was he? He recalled how he had witnessed Juan entering his wife for the very first time, how disgusted he had felt yet so aroused. He’d stood stationary, absorbing the image before him like he was just a fly on the wall, watching some documentary on the TV. It had been an ironic realization that he’d felt powerless whilst Beth had felt powerful, the balance of power tipping in her direction, rather like some distorted political debate. Yet Beth had also become powerless as Juan had ravished her, her autopilot coming into effect to protect her own emotions and guilt.
Allan pondered the consequences. On the plus side, Beth had become wilder in bed, more daring and adventurous, like constantly having some E. God, she’d become hornier than ever and he’d never had such a great time. Allan could safely say that their sex lives had never been better and the thoughts of her with some one else made him crave her even more. He desperately wanted to see Beth flirting, coming on to a guy, teasing him, arousing him in the same way she had with Juan. 
On the down side, she was not the same woman he’d married, her reservations and innocence lost, blown away in the wind. She’d grown closer to her own sexuality and Allan feared she may find the need for strangers cocks greater than the need for his own cock. Could he lose her? Would she want more than he could offer? Or was he panicking unnecessarily, that his fears were overtaking his rational thinking?
Allan knew whatever Beth decided, he couldn’t help but love her and that his love for Beth was unconditional. He was also 100% positive Beth’s love was unconditional which was just as well as Allan was dreaming up another scheme. He had been so disgusted with Beth when she was with Juan yet, simultaneously, in awe of her. She had given Allan what he’d dreamed of, a living fantasy. Beth had performed what fairy godmothers are supposed to do, delivering a dream, “His” dream of his own dear wife being screwed by another whilst he watched. Allan knew that his dream also secretly consisted of her reciprocating, “fucking back” if you like and Beth had certainly delivered that, no doubt about it. 
Consequently, Allan had unknowingly become more passionate himself, his love making having more purpose, his mind imagining that night, just a few days earlier, when Beth had had her experience with Juan. Beth had also enjoyed Allan’s increased passion, loving her with greater intensity, fucking her like he meant it, trying to make Beth want no one else but him. And to a certain extent, Beth didn’t want anyone else but Allan. He was loving, caring, thoughtful, good looking and, at this moment in time, fantastic in bed. 
Yet still they both hankered for something else, an additional element which only a third person could offer. Was he becoming Cuckold? Somehow, he didn’t think so.
Allan and Beth continued to enjoy their holiday, both aware that there were things in each others heads that had not been discussed and needed to brought out into the open. They both guessed the other was still dwelling on the Juan situation, the excitement and the angst yet neither wanted to be the first to resurrect the matter.
To make matters more complex, both characters were very strong willed, neither prepared to give an inch yet, perversely, never wanting the other to feel oppressed. 
Beth had decided that it would be down to her to approach the matter and in much the same way Allan worked, she too had devised a plan.
It was the night before Allan’s birthday and they had been out, the vodka’s had been flowing a little too freely and Beth was a little on the giggly side. Dressed in a flimsy skirt and baggy top, revealing her sexy cleavage, they’d partied for a while but had left the club early, returning to the villa to party on their own. Beth had initially been disappointed as she had been getting into the groove, as they say. She loved to dance, using the opportunity to display her sexiness and get a work out at the same time. More to the point, it gave her the opportunity to flirt which, in return, would make her hornier. Allan had lost count how many times they’d left a club having danced the night away, to Beth home to find her knickers soaking wet and tonight, not surprisingly, she was no different. The evening was very warm and despite the heat, her nipples protruded through her clothing and Allan though how lovely she looked. 
He put some music on the CD player and the beat began, Beth wasting no time and dancing straight away. She had always enjoyed dancing, even as a little girl, and she had all the moves, the latest dance moves down to all the cheesy ones like “Macarena” and so forth. No matter how cheesy the song, Allan could just sit and watch her dance all night, her hips swaying and his mind imagining those hips hovering over his own, lowering herself onto him, impaling herself on his erection. He guessed that with all the awards and prizes she’d won over the years for her dancing, she’d probably dance to anything and he could picture her dancing with Darren Gough on the TV and winning.
But more importantly, he was dancing with her here and now and she looked damn hot. They’d enjoyed a bit of “E” earlier and, as always, it always made them both fucking horny. Beth had always enjoyed the sensation, feeling so happy and free, not a care in the world. She remembered that someone had once told her that when having sex, just lie back and think of England and thoughts of returning to dear old Blighty was more than a week away, another week to feel like this. Another week without having to get up early, go to work, pay tax……she suddenly felt sorry for the Chancellor of the Exchequer. “Hell, that must be the worst fucking job in the world” she thought to herself. Then the thought struck her. Shit, she was feeling sorry for the tax man. Crikey, that “E” must have been strong! Any stronger and she’ll start liking that Crazy bloody frog song!
Beth moved to the music, her swaying body acting like a pendulum, hypnotic almost and Allan found himself lost in his own thoughts as his delightful wife danced before him. He joined her, dancing on the mat in the lounge area, the music resonating in his ears in rhythm to Beth’s slow seductive movements.
Beth had sensed Allan’s mood and she danced nearer to him, her body swinging close to his, their hips missing each other by the minutest of fractions and she could see the material of Allan’s trousers tenting with his impending erection. Just like the guys in the club, Beth knew she was doing what she needed to, arousing her husband like she had done so many times before and how she had inadvertently aroused possibly thousands of total strangers over the years. Beth instinctively knew what was on Allan’s mind and she was feeling pretty horny herself. She raised her arms whilst dancing, her wrists close to Allan’s ears allowing him a perfect view of her bouncing breasts. She saw Allan gulp, swallowing the build up of saliva that had built up in his mouth, as though he could almost taste her.
She moved around so Allan could see her cute little bottom wiggling, the short material of her skirt wafting around like a very short Marilyn Munro style, the motion of her dancing making up for the lack of a wind machine beneath her. Beth could feel her panties were soaking wet and she hoped that Allan was up for a busy night, she wanted him so much. She just adored the feeling of being wanted and she wanted him, no one else. But the difference was now Beth was in the driving seat, she was in control and she was going to tease Allan. He would be teased like she teased Juan. Allan would be treated to the same treatment as Juan, he would be teased and lead on, kissed a little, permitted a little intimacy before being encouraged to fulfill her first. There’d be plenty of time for Allan to be pleasured afterwards. Ladies first, she smiled to her self.
This was a far cry from previously. This time last week, she’d have had to drag her husband out of the club and back to the villa for some rumpy pumpy. But her eyes (amongst other things) had been opened and now she enjoyed having “The Power”. This was going to be a long night as she ensured that she was totally pleasured and she, in turn would pleasure Allan.
But Beth had a hidden agenda. She moved closer to Allan and Beth sensed his body heat as she danced nearer to him and she noticed his breathing was becoming laboured, not through the exertion of dancing, but with passion.
Beth’s lips brushed against his cheek, the first bits of stubble gently scratching her face.
“Allan” she whispered seductively. He looked at her drop-dead gorgeous face.
“Mmm-hmm” he said, looking to plant his own lips on hers, wanting to taste the lip gloss or, even better, the woman attached to the lip gloss.
“There’s a great night at tomorrow, Allan” she whispered, her words slow and sexy. “I thought for your birthday, we could go and celebrate.” Allan was lost in her scent.
“If you like” he mumbled, his lips looking to nibble her ear.
“I think you’ll like it” Beth said, allowing Allan access to her lips. Allan nibbled at her as she teased him with her mouth.
“You think?” Allan muttered. His mind was on other things.
“I know!” Beth said confidently. Allan sub-consciously noted her attitude, her character still strong only now, she had greater determination and felt comfortable with it. 
“Tell me” Allan said, his lips moving down to her neck, his kisses slow and gentle unlike the back ground music.
“There’s a pool and a bar…” she began, enjoying the attention her neck was receiving, “…three dances areas, a VIP area playing the best in sexy dirty house, nude dancers, erotic lounges……”
The dirty talk was getting Allan all hot under the collar and his kisses became firmer, his tongue licking the side of her neck as his hands rubbed Beth’s shoulders, feeling the warmth of her skin against his fingertips.
“……dress fetish if you wish, go bare if you dare” she said, recalling the advert that she’d seen all in a seductive manner and not for the first time, Allan wondered if Beth could make it doing sexy voice-overs for commercials. 
Allan’s kisses became more subdued. Patently aware of their escapades a few days earlier, he was not sure if he or Beth were up for this type of party. A week ago, he’d have jumped at the chance but now, he was in two minds. Allan recalled a report in one of the Sunday Tabloids where they reported on a bunch of crazy things that went on in this type of club, how there were no holds barred. It was a free for all, being with someone, even being engaged or married meant nothing, it was every man (or woman) for them selves. Yet despite his fears, Allan was also excited, the enjoyment of seeing Beth with Juan had been an exciting experience yet riddled with emotional trauma, for both of them.
