 If you have never been to Copenhagen, I swear you should go. It is a truly wonderful city by the sea. The inhabitants are hospitable, fun loving and to a surprisingly abundant degree, exceptionally good looking. 

The legend says that centuries ago, Vikings kidnapped the most beautiful women during their conquering visits to Europe, and deposited them back in Scandinavia to raise their offspring, resulting in the tendency for tall, blonde, healthy and attractive generations to follow.

It is not hard to believe the myth when you spend time in Copenhagen. The ratio of stunning women and men that pass you on the street is far higher than I have found elsewhere in Europe. In addition, the Danes are active, health-conscious folk, so the many beautiful ones tend to be slender and well-toned to boot.

I lived in Copenhagen for a year. It was the third year of my PhD in Scandinavian Literature. I was the boarder in a family house not far from the central square. It was an old, rambling, white townhouse inhabited by Mr and Mrs Phillman and their daughter Sylvia. 

With just the one child and the house's high maintenance cost, the Phillman's rented a spare bedroom out to students from the city university, to bring in some extra income. I had contacted the university and arranged a special rate with the Phillmans to occupy the room for a year.

It felt very much like living with a family. The Phillmans were warm, generous people and their daughter Sylvia was an intelligent, world-wise 19 year old. In addition she was gorgeous. I mean eye-poppingly gorgeous. Tall and slim with blonde hair and sea-blue eyes, she had a beautiful face and body, a tiny round backside and perfectly rounded young breasts.

I developed the most impossible crush on Sylvia within a week of my arrival, but was careful never to let it be known, though my feelings cooled somewhat over the subsequent months. They came back with a vengeance however, one night a few weeks before I was due to leave.

Mr and Mrs Phillman were out of town for some reason and Sylvia and I had the big old house to ourselves for a few days. On the night before they were due to return, Sylvia invited me to Tivoli Park for the evening with some of her friends. Tivoli is a fantastic place - part gardens, part open-air theatre, part roller-coaster amusement-park - it caters for anyone and everyone in Copenhagen on summer nights. It had become a regular haunt for me over the previous months.

I met Sylvia and her three friends at the turnstile to the park just as the sun was going down. I knew two of the friends, Maria and Lise, pretty well, having spent time with them and Sylvia before. The third girl, Anna, I had met only once previously. We were all very close in age. Anna, being the youngest at 18; Lise being the oldest at 21. All the girls were attractive but in no way vain or conceited about it; it was after all pretty commonplace for girls and guys to be attractive in Denmark. They didn't figure they were anything special.

We spent the evening riding a couple of the roller coasters, watching a band play, and drinking black cider in one of the bars. Sylvia became more "girlie" in the company of her friends. They would tease me about something and squeal with laughter. I would flirt back and laugh with them about whatever it was. Usually it would be one of them affectionately mocking the fact I didn't have a girlfriend.

We had a fun evening and, when the park closed, we slowly made our way back to the house. The three girls were having a sleep-over in Sylvia's room and, once they were all dressed and ready for bed, Maria asked me to join them in the room for a bedtime chat. 

When I entered Sylvia's room I found them all sitting on the floor amid a veritable mess of pillows and bed linen, dressed in the most adorable nightwear. They each wore a pair of pyjama bottoms, and a vest or t-shirt on top. I sat down and joined them in the cosy looking circle and we messed around and laughed for a while. It was a boost to my ego to be sat alongside so much scantily pyjama-covered flesh. Soon the conversation came to them ribbing me again about being single.

"There must be some girls you see in Denmark that you like" Maria said. She was clutching a pillow to her lap.

I smiled and looked at the cracked pink nail-varnish on her lovely bare toes. "There are lots of girls I like", I replied, "but I'm going back to America soon, aren't I?"

Sylvia laughed. "Yes, in like four weeks!" she retorted, "You could meet a hundred different girls in four weeks!".

"I think he's shy", Lise said with a grin. The others agreed. It wasn't the first time they had levelled the allegation. They began to tease me again and Sylvia playfully bashed my arm with a pillow.

"Anyway...", I eventually said, tired but still smiling, "...I'm going to hit the sack". I got up to leave and said goodnight to the girls. They each gave me a hug or kiss on the cheek and watched me leave the room.

I went to the bathroom, had a shower and cleaned my teeth, and then got into my bed. I turned out the bedside light and listened in the darkness. I could hear the low voices of the girls, from across the hall. They were giggling and full of energy. It was difficult to make out what they were saying but I could hear that some of their sentences were deliberately whispered.

Suddenly I heard one of them shriek "John! John!", in a panicked voice. I leapt out of bed, wearing just a pair of briefs and bounded across the hall into Sylvia's bedroom. The light was still on.

"What's wrong", I asked, my whole body poised to fight an intruder.

The girls were laying in a huddle next to one another on the floor. I saw their eyes focus on my semi-naked state of dress. They looked admiringly but began to giggle.

"We missed you" Maria replied, with exaggerated histrionics that set the other girls laughing again.

"What?"

"We missed you and wanted to say goodnight again", she continued. The others voiced their heartfelt agreement with this statement, still sniggering. It was a silly prank but they were drunk and it was rather flattering so I simply rolled my eyes and said goodnight to them each again before returning to my room.

I must have been in bed for about ten more minutes when I heard a voice, which I recognized to be Maria's calling me again: "John! John!"

I put my dressing gown on this time and returned to the room.

"Yes?"

"We just wanted to say sorry for disturbing you before". Maria was the spokesperson, but they all found this hilarious.

I smiled, but added a playful look of irritation this time.

"Right, that's it", I said, "if you are going to call me out again tonight, it better be for something worthwhile". I waggled my finger at them like a headmaster at his pupils and closed the door again behind me.

I got back into my bed and lay for twenty minutes or so before I was disturbed again. "John, John..." I heard the voice call. This time it sounded more stifled and less playful.

I had just been dropping off to sleep so I decided to ignore it.

"John, John!", the voice called again.

I opened my eyes in the dark. I really was too tired for this game now. I wearily stood up and put my dressing gown on and walked along the corridor. As I reached the door to Sylvia's room, I realised the light was no longer on inside. I pushed open the door and called out: "Hello?"

Quick as a flash the bedside lamp was switched on and I was astonished by what I saw. Lying like sardines side by side on the floor, each of the girl's flat on her tummy, the four had lowered their pyjama trousers to the knees and were exposing the most adorable row of pretty bare bottoms. 

They looked up for my reaction - which was satisfactorily flabbergasted - and they giggled madly. I was shocked beyond comprehension and simply remained riveted on the four bare asses.

"We promised it would be worthwhile if we called you back", Maria said, and the other three cheered their appreciation that the promise had been fulfilled.

I tried to remain calm but inside I had all but forgotten how to speak. "It is... er, certainly... worthwhile" I gibbered, smiling vaguely as I backed out the room and closed the door behind me.

As I walked back to my room it hit me what I had just witnessed. It is a picture that will be burned inside my mind forever: The four girls' divine, equally pert but assorted-sized naked asses all lined up, like they were ready to be judged at a village fare.

I couldn't settle down to sleep once I was back in my bed. I assumed the girls had "innocently" 'mooned' me and were not intending to do take it any further. But I could not get the image of that row of thighs and asses out of my head. I reached a hand into my briefs and squeezed my growing erection. After a while I took my briefs off and was just beginning to play with myself when I heard Maria's voice again:

"John, John!"

My heart skipped a beat. I sat up and put my dressing gown on. Were they going to be flash me again? Perhaps they would flash me a different part of their body this time? I tentatively got up and walked back to Sylvia's room (although in my mind, I was racing there like the wind). 

I noticed the light was still on as I opened the door. My heart was in my throat. I saw the girls were still lined up, laying on their fronts in a tightly knit foursome. I also saw, to my delight, they still had their adorable buttocks on display.

"John, we can't sleep...", whined Maria, who was emerging quite clearly as the ringleader of this game. As she said it, she gently lifted her waist off the floor and stuck her cute little ass out, wiggling it a little from side to side in my general direction. She was the closest to me, laying on the far left of the group, and I had a devastating view of the little mound of her pussy from between her legs, with its cushioned lips glistening and a small spiky fuzz of dark hair underneath.

"Yes, we need you to help us get to sleep", Lise chimed in - she was laying second in the group - and she also lifted her bottom up and wiggled it at me. It was a fraction bigger and a rounder shape than Maria's, but looked every bit as enticing. Her legs were closer together so I saw no more than a glimpse of her snatch at the place where her thighs met her buttocks.

Sylvia was next in line. She said nothing but also stuck her ass in the air, albeit a little less confidently than her two friends. As it registered that I was looking at my gorgeous housemate Sylvia's naked derriere – something I had fantasised about many times before – I felt my penis begin to grow beneath my dressing gown. I made no attempt to conceal it and a bulge in the thin material started to protrude quite obviously. I had a direct view of Sylvia's inviting looking cunt, whose lips were actually parted, with a small but visible trickle of liquid seeping from the center.

Anna was the last in this row of nymphs. She was the smallest-built of the four girls and also the shyest. She pushed her little bottom out, which looked like a peach in comparison to the others. There was no visible trace of her pussy from behind her thighs which were gently squeezed together.

Trying to control my voice I sputtered the words: "What...er, could I do... to help you sleep?".

Before there was an answer, Lise squealed out: "Look!". She was pointing at my crotch.

We all looked and saw that a prominent wigwam had appeared beneath my dressing gown. The girls giggled with naughty excitement at it.

"Show it to us", challenged Lise suddenly.

"Yes show us", the others implored, making exaggerated porn-movie noises which, although intended to be ridiculous, were nonetheless arousing.

My hands hovered on the cord to my robe and I sheepishly loosened the knot, letting it fall to my sides.

Wild giggling broke out amongst the girls again. I didn't know whether to be flattered or insulted. I looked down at my groin and saw a decently-sized erection jutting out like a fence post, and figured I didn't have too much to be ashamed of. In fact, any thought of embarrassment or reservation began to fade. It started to feel rather delicious to be standing there, dressing-gown open, with my cock sticking out, in front of this sea of sexy young women's asses.

With the giggling continuing on and off, Maria stuck her divine bottom into the air again (the other three girls were now resting on the floor). "We need you to help us get to sleep", she said again.

Lowering myself to my knees on the big heap of comforters and pillows that were laid out, I positioned myself a few feet from where Maria lay, sticking her bare bottom out. I moved in towards her. There were squeals of delight from all the girls as I brought my face up to Maria's sticky little pussy and dipped the tip of my nose and tongue into its oily lips. 

Maria gasped with pleasure and this brought a rousing applause from the others. The other three girls had sat up – and I noted with some disappointment they had each pulled up their pjyama-bottoms – and they gathered around Maria's waist, curiously transfixed by the sight of my face buried in their best friend's slippery snatch. 

Maria's exclamations had taken on a new degree of semi-seriousness and she released little whining noises as I lapped gently at her clitoris with the tip of my tongue.

I couldn't see what the other girls were doing from the angle where my face was, but they were making a lot of noise and I saw somebody's hand reach out a few times and gently spank one of Maria's ass cheeks in encouragement.

It started to occur to me I was being used – without my complaint of course – by these young women as their sexual play-thing. I realized this lent me a considerable amount of power in the situation and figured I should start to use it to my advantage. So I broke away from licking Maria's pussy and sat back on my knees. My penis was still rock hard between my legs.

"That's all for you, Maria", I said with a smile, "you should be able to get to sleep now".

"What?", Maria cried. "You can't stop! I won't be able to sleep for days if you leave me like this!" She was laughing but I could tell she was serious. Her face looked desperately flushed and turned-on.

"What about us?", Lise enquired.

"Yes, what about us?", the other voices chimed in.

"You should be able to sleep okay", I said with mock resignation and turned to reach for my dressing gown to leave.



A chorus of the girl's voices cried "no" and they begged and implored me to stay. They sounded genuinely concerned although they must have been mad if they truly imagined I was going to abandon this party before it had properly got going.

"Ok, ok", I gestured for the girls to calm down. "I'll stay a little while longer if you all just do as I say".

They took the order as an exciting new twist to the game, and obeyed me immediately with a military subservience.

"You must all lie down again", I commanded. "Face down. On the floor".

The girls quietly and quickly did so, excited smiles on their faces as they got back into place in their sardine-huddle on the floor. When they had lined up again, their bodies pressed tight to one another, I surveyed the group. Maria had also now pulled up her pyjama trousers, so all the girls were clothed again – in their various pink, white and purple nightclothes. I had a feast of four sexy girls laying before me, patiently waiting for my next command. I felt like a kid who had accidentally found himself locked in a marshmallow factory.

"Now nobody says a word", I told them. "Or I go back to bed straight away".

The girls nodded in agreement and remained motionless.

Bypassing Maria for the time being, I proceeded towards Lise. I reached my arms along the back of her purple pyjamas and felt the firm flesh of her thighs through the skimpy material. Reaching around her waist, I pulled her backside up towards me. She responded and held it there. I gently lowered her pyjamas down her back and revealed her naked bottom. 

Caressing the soft flesh of her buttocks, I found the entrance to Maria's tiny pink slit and stuck my tongue inside. She gasped and some of the other girls did too. For a couple of minutes I tongue-fucked her with the same care and dedication I had taken with Maria. 

Lise was even more vocal in her apparent appreciation. Then, when she started to begin more determinedly pressing her pussy into my face, I broke off and rapidly pulled her pyjamas back up.

"John!", she started to complain, but I gestured for silence and threatened to leave if I did not get it.

The girls fell quiet again. Moving over to the beautiful Sylvia next, I pulled her ass into the air, lowered her pyjamas and put my tongue to her slit. She tasted much sweeter than her two friends, like she was dripping with honey. Her pussy was truly drenched and within a few moments of tonguing her, my face was covered in the excited girl's juices. After roughly two minutes of this, and despite the heaven I was experiencing, I stopped sharply and yanked Sylvia's pyjamas back up, moving along the line to Anna.

Anna was clearly trembling when I approached her. She had watched me go down on her three friends and the anticipation must have been intense that I was heading for her next. She knew the drill and stuck her tiny little butt into the air before I could even reach her. It was so small compared to the other girls' but it was desperately cute. 

I pulled her pink pj's down her legs and revelled in the glory of the pale, silken flesh. I stuck my tongue out to the lips of her cunt, and found it was literally oozing with liquid. Of all the girls she had the tightest space for me to insert my tongue but also managed to be by far the wettest. 

Her juices tasted like caramel and burnt toffee. I squeezed at the fleshy parts of her slender thighs as I fucked the excited girl with my mouth. After another two minutes or so of cunnilingus, I broke off and replaced her pyjamas.

Having intimate first hand knowledge now that the four girls were suitably aroused, I decided it was time to take things further. I came up on my knees again and shuffled back to where Maria was laying. I lay my naked body across her back, my lips finding the nape of her neck, and my torso pressed to her spine. My erection buried its way into the pyjama-covered gap between her legs. It felt deliriously erotic. She let out a gasp. 

I could see the other three girls on my right, watching us wide-eyed. The crotch of Maria's pyjamas was so damp that it felt like a warm, wet flannel against the tip of my cock. Carrying the weight of my body with both my arms, I thrust my groin a few times backward and forward into Maria's jogging pants. Then reaching down, I peeled them back to reveal again her naked ass. I let them stop at her knees and repositioned my waist in the new space between her legs. 

Without using my hand to guide it, I let my slippery erection slide against the cleavage of Maria's buttocks until it found its natural home at the wet entrance to her pussy. She kept her abdomen pressed firmly to the floor as I pushed my length inside. The pleasure was extreme.

I started to hump her at a steady pace, my cock disappearing back and forth between her ass cheeks. But realizing I couldn't keep this up for long without blowing my load – something I was determined not to do just yet – I stopped for a moment. She howled out in frustration. I made this delay part of the game.

As the feeling of my impending orgasm subsided, I returned to fucking her wildly and in just a few strokes, managed to take her over the edge. Her whole body twitched and shuddered as she had a cute, noisy little orgasm. Leaving her impossibly sexed up, with her pyjamas at her ankles, I shifted the weight of my body on to Lise.

Lise responded immediately to my kisses in her hair and the pressing of my groin between her legs. She reached impatiently down and removed her own pyjama-pants. I moved up to let them pass her backside and when I returned my weight, my wet cock slid straight into her cunt without warning, right up to the hilt. 
