 I woke up with the sun streaming through the window and a warm, wet feeling around my dick. I was hesitant to open my eyes for fear it was all a dream. Slowly my eyes opened to the view of JC's head bobbing up and down, her eyes looking up at me. When she saw my eyes open, she smiled and with a loud slurped, let go of my dick. 

"I was beginning to wonder if you'd wake up anytime soon" she said.

"Is there something I could help you with?" I asked. To answer she slowly crawled up the length of my body, positioned herself above my cock and slowly lowered herself. This was way better than the oral I was getting. Her pussy was hot and very wet. "I see that you started without me."

She smiled and said "I woke up from a great dream, felt you lying with me and decided to continue with the dream. Plus it's been almost a full day without you inside me." She started to move her hips until she was comfortable. "So, what do you want to do today?" Her smile turned devilish and her pussy gripped my dick tight as she slid up and down. 

"I was thinking of some fishing. How about you?"

"Well, I have this urge to just stay in bed all day naked and see how many times I can make you cum. I think you're turning me into a real slut. I can't stop thinking about sex."

"I like your idea much better. Let's see what we can do about that." She leaned down so that her mouth was inches from my face. Her tits were hanging between us, so I reached out and tweaked her nipples. 

"Hmm. That feels nice." She reached between us and touched my dick where we were joined. "So does this." She kept moving her hips slowly, savoring the feel of me as my dick rubbed along her clit. "I love how your dick feels when it's hard on my clit."

Her hips moved quicker now and she started to grunt with each stroke. I moved my hands from her tits to grab her ass. I pulled her cheeks apart and slid a finger along her crack, teasing her hole with the tip of my finger. This caused her to squeak a little and move her hips up to my finger. But all I wanted to do was tease, so I moved my finger away. When she settled down, I went back to teasing her ass again. Each time I teased, she would buck her hips to try and get my finger inside her. She was letting out little mewing noises now and I could feel her pussy getting wetter. The next time she bucked her ass, I let my finger slide into her ass. Because she didn't expect it, I was suddenly knuckle deep in her ass. 

"Oh shit. Oh fuck that feels good. Is your dick going to feel that good too?" Her hips were really moving now and I felt like I was getting close.

"I'm getting close." JC kissed me and slowed down. Then she rolled over, pulling me with her. I slipped out, but she quickly grabbed me and pulled me back in. 

"Fuck me now. I want to feel you shoot inside my pussy." That's all I needed to hear, so I started pounding away. "Yeah, just like that. Fuck my pussy, fuck it harder. Oh shit oh shit oh shit." I was really fucking now. Her arms were over her head and her knees were pulled to her chest. I changed position so I was kneeling between her legs, grabbed her ankles and started to deep stroke into her. I was right on the edge now and it seemed my new position was hitting a good spot for her. Her eyes were closed and her mouth was open. The only sounds she was making were grunting and squeaking noises. Her tits were flush and her nipples were sticking straight out. Then she reached down and rubbed her clit. I couldn't take it anymore and exploded my first shot into her pussy. She suddenly screamed "OH SHIT, OH FUCK" and then she was cumming. Her hand took the brunt of her cum, but she still sprayed some on me. I shot a couple more loads then I was just stroking in and out of her. 

She'd finally had enough and pushed me away. I moved up the bed and took her into my arms and we started kissing. After a few minutes of this, I rolled onto my back and she snuggled against me with her head on my shoulder. "What a way to start vacation", I said. 

"You can say that again. I think I'm ready for a nap already." Her hand was already playing with my deflated cock. "So, how soon can we get this guy ready to play again?" She had draped a leg over my legs and I could feel our juices leaking out of her pussy. Thinking about fucking her again was already starting to affect me and I started to get hard again. We kissed some more while she stroked me. She was moving her hips slightly, rubbing her pussy against my leg. When I was ready, I rolled her onto her back and settled between her legs. Her hand still held my dick and she aimed it at her pussy. I grabbed her legs and pushed spread them wide. I could see my cum leaking out of her still. She used my dick to rub her clit for a moment, and then positioned me at her opening. Her pussy lips were swollen and her clit was showing from under its hood. I slowly entered her and was met by her steamy pussy. She was so slick that I slid in without any resistance. 

Once I was all the way inside her, I lay on top of her and we kissed gently. I'm pretty sure I'd died and gone to heaven. We took it slow and soft for a long time. After our first fuck, neither of us was in much of a rush. I know I just wanted to savor the moment for a while. 

After a few minutes, JC said "I want to be on top a while. Let's switch." So I climbed off her and got onto my back. JC then settled over me and lowered herself. She was squatting over me, rubbing her breast while she just stared at me. She had a smile on her face and her eyes were almost glowing. "You have no idea how happy you make me. I just hope it can stay like this forever."

I smiled back at her. "Me too. You're the best thing that's happened to me in a long time." She leaned over and kissed me. Again the kissing was tender. Her hips were moving slowly, the same as mine had. 

"I've never had sex like this before. It's always been rushed and crazy, but I love the way you feel inside me and I just want to keep that feeling going. I hope you're OK with that."

"I'm fine with it. It feels great to me too." We kissed some more and JC barely moved on top of me. "How long do you think you can keep doing this?"

"Not very long. I'm starting to get this itch and I'm getting ready to scratch it." She started to move her hips faster. A few times up and down, then she'd gyrate her hips, then up and down again. She kept repeating this while moving faster and faster. "I don't know what you're hitting, but it's driving me crazy. It's the same spot you hit when you push my knees back and fuck me straight on. But it's incredible." Her breathing was getting faster. "Pinch my nipples. Harder. Yeah, that's it. Oh shit, I'm going to cum. Oh fuck, pinch me more." I was pinching her nipples hard, and then with one hand I reached behind her and gave her a soft spank. Her eyes opened and they were filled with passion. "Do that again, but harder." This time I spanked her hard enough to hear the slap. "OH. Yeah, that's it. Again." I spanked her again and again. Each time she grunted and fucked my dick harder. "Oh shit again. Do it again. Oh damn, I'm so close." This time I spanked her and pinched her nipple at the same time. "Ohhhh yeahhh. I'm cumming." She was screaming and riding me like she was riding a bucking bronco. Her whole body spasmed and she threw her head back. Then she collapsed on top of me, breathing heavy.

I just lay there for a while with JC lying on top of me. I was still hard and inside of her and I could feel all her cum leaking down my balls onto the bed. It took several minutes, but she finally calmed down. "Holy shit that was incredible. That first time you spanked me it sent a charge right into my pussy." She was still lying on top of me when we both heard some moaning noises from the other room. 

"It sounds like Shelly is enjoying herself", I said.

"I'll say. Why don't you go see if she needs some help?" She rolled off the bed and headed for the door. I quickly followed. At Shelly's door we stopped to listen. Shelly was moaning and groaning and talking about how good it felt. That's when JC opened the door and looked into the room. Shelly was in the middle of the bed on hands and knees with a large dildo sliding in and out of her pussy. She was so into fucking herself, she hadn't even heard us enter. The dildo had to be at least three inches around. It was stretching her out and with her other hand, she was stroking her clit. She looked like she was getting close when JC sat down on the bed. This caused Shelly to stop and stare at JC. Then she looked at the door and saw me standing there with my woody pointing right at her. 

"Is that for me?" she asked.

JC answered "Depends on what you'll do for me."

"Anything just let him finish me off. I've been so close, but this is nothing like the real thing." She pulled the dildo out of her pussy with a wet sucking noise. The thing had to be at least ten inches long and she had it buried all the way.

"Will you give me massages whenever I want?" JC asked.

"Anything. Just let me have him for five minutes." Shelly had a crazed look and got out of bed to walk over to me. She took my hand and led me over to the bed. She bent over the bed and stuck her ass at me. "Please. Just a quick fuck."

JC was smiling wickedly. She had something on her mind, but I couldn't read it. "Will you let him fuck your ass again?" This caused Shelly to look at her. Her ass was wiggling more now. 

"Oh yeah. Do it." JC nodded her head and I stepped behind Shelly. I had JC kneel down in front of me and suck me for a few minutes. While she did that, I played with Shelly's ass and pussy. She was soaking wet and it didn't take much to lubricate a couple of fingers. JC was lightly sucking me and was watching what I did to Shelly's ass. As soon as my fingers made contact, Shelly backed up so that my fingers penetrated. It was very tight, but they slid in. "Oh shit" was all that Shelly said. I took my dick away from JC's mouth and moved it to Shelly's pussy. I pushed my dick inside her and she grunted, but also pushed back against me, embedding my fingers deeper into her ass. I fucked her a few times while also fucking her ass with my fingers. When I felt her loosen up, I pulled my dick from her pussy and lined it up with her ass. 

JC was watching the whole thing while rubbing her pussy. I pulled my fingers out of Shelly's ass with a pop, and then pushed my dick into her before it could close up. Shelly grunted and pushed back hard enough for the head to pop through the tight ring. "OH, stop, please just hold still for a minute."

"Did it hurt you?" JC asked.

"Just a little. It's so tight and he's so big that it hurts at first. But trust me, it gets way better." She was wiggling her ass and pushing back. I was letting her do the work and was surprised at how fast she was pushing against me. Soon I was balls deep in her. She just stopped trying to get used having my dick in her ass again. "This was so much easier than the first time. JC, you just have to try this." Shelly was panting and when I looked over at JC, she had three fingers buried in her pussy while she stroked her clit. 

"What's it like for you? Does it feel good?"

"Well, it's tight, but it feels great." I was sweating. Watching JC finger fuck herself was incredible. It actually made my dick harder and Shelly knew it. She finally relaxed enough for me to start to pull out. I could also feel her playing with her pussy. When she didn't complain, I started to fuck her harder. "Oh shit, your ass feels good."

"So does your cock", Shelly panted. "I'm ready for more. Now fuck my." So I did. I watched JC the entire time while listening to Shelly grunt and groan and curse. "Oh shit fuck me. Use my ass and fuck it hard." Then it was just grunts. JC had juice streaming out of her pussy and was rubbing her clit like she was possessed. I slowed down because I wanted to watch her cum and knew she was close. I grabbed Shelly's dildo and rubbed it on JC's clit and that was all she could take as she came again. Her whole body spasmed and she let out a long groan. When she was done, she collapsed on the bed and just watched Shelly and me. I was so close now that I grabbed Shelly's hips and just fucked her senseless. She had watched JC too and was right on the edge. I gave her a hard spank and that did it for both of us. I blew my first load up her ass and then her ass clamped around my dick as she started to cum. It was crazy how much cum I shot into her ass and with each load, she came harder. I finally had enough and stepped back, pulling my dick out. Once it was out, all my cum came leaking out of Shelly's ass. 

Her legs gave out and she slumped to the floor, leaning against the bed. I quickly joined her, followed by JC. JC's eyes were wild and Shelly's were closed. All three of us were panting to catch our breath. "Holy shit, that was amazing", I said. "I'm not sure I'll be able to cum like that for a while."

"That's OK; at least someone finally wore you out. Maybe my ass can get a break for a while now."

"Oh yeah, like you're not ready for more you little anal slut", JC said. 

"Not for a while. I guess he'll just have to abuse yours next." The girls laughed at that. "I'm not sure about you two, but I'm going back to bed." She climbed into bed and was soon sound asleep.

JC and I got up and headed back to our bed. First I went into the bathroom to clean myself up, and then joined JC in bed, snuggling up against her. She was already asleep when I settled in, and soon I joined her.

When I woke up a few hours later, JC was out of bed. I could smell food cooking in the kitchen so pulled on some shorts and followed my nose. JC was standing in front of the stove wearing another of my shirts, so I walked up behind her and gave her a big hug. "Be careful, I don't want to burn anything important", she said.

"Smells good. Whacha cooking?"

"I thought we could start out with some omelets and toast. I have some OJ on the counter for you. I was going to server you in bed, but I guess that idea is done."

"That's OK. I was never much of a breakfast in bed kind of guy. It's always too difficult to balance everything. Is Shelly still sleeping?"

"No, she was just out here, but I think she wanted a bath." JC grinned at me. "She's walking kind of funny though. You may have hurt her."

"I doubt it's anything permanent. So, when is it going to be your turn?"

"I'm not sure I'm ready for that just yet. I'm still enjoying what we've been doing. I have to say that the spanking was interesting."

"Well, we can certainly add to that if you'd like."

"With Tony, sex was always just plain old missionary with him getting his rocks off and me waiting for more. I've already had more orgasms with you in four days then with him in eight years. Just keep doing what you're doing and I'll be ready soon enough for more soon enough."

I thought about that for a while. I found it hard to believe after what I've seen that she wasn't more sexually adventurous. "So you're telling me that you've never done anything other than missionary?"

"Well, sometimes when Tony was too tired I'd get him hard and then ride him, but he'd just lay there till he was done. And once he took me from behind, but that didn't last long till he made me turn over."

"And you never suspected he was gay or anything?"

"Why would I?" She was getting a bit angry. "Can we change the subject? I really don't like talking about him." 

I turned her around and kissed her hard. "You're right. Let's talk about something better. Any plans for today?"

"Shelly and I are going shopping and you are going to relax on the beach. It is your vacation after all. Besides, Shelly needs some stuff and she asked me to go along. I expect we'll be gone most of the day, so go enjoy yourself." She kissed me back and then finished making breakfast. 

I went and sat at the table just as Shelly stepped out of her bedroom. I thought I heard an audible thump under the table because she was wearing a very small bikini top that was losing the battle to contain her tits. The shorts she had on were tight and showed off her ass. "Well well. It looks like sleeping beauty was finally woken." She came over and gave me a kiss. "Thanks for this morning. It was the perfect way to wake up." Then she went over to JC and gave her a kiss as well. "So, when do we leave?"

JC answered, "Right after breakfast. Sit down, it's almost ready." Shelly sat to my right and JC served us, and then sat down across from me. "Just so you know, I'm expecting someone else to do the dishes."

"No problem", I answered. "Just leave everything and I'll clean up while you guys are gone." We all ate quickly and I started to clean the dishes with Shelly's help. JC went to shower for her shopping trip. Shelly pushed me away from the sink and said "Go shower with her. I'll finish this up."

"Are you sure?"

"Go, she wants you in there with her, not out here with me." I kissed her on the cheek and went into the bedroom. I could hear the shower running, so dropped my shorts and went into the bathroom. JC was sitting on the toilet crying.

"What's wrong? Is it our talk about Tony?"

"Yeah. I just have such bad memories. I feel so stupid that I didn't pick up on things, but being with you is making me realize how stupid I really was. I mean, how could I not see those things?"

I went over and took her into my arms. "You're not stupid. When you're in love with someone, you turn a blind eye to them. It was like that for years with my ex-wife. Now that things are over between us, I can see all the little things she does that are just plain mean or selfish. It's just the way it is."

"Yeah, but she didn't steal your life from you. You still have your three boys and a life."

"That's may be what you see now, but five years ago, I had nothing. I felt terrible about my life and started to do stupid things. What you see now is the hard work that I put in to make my life better. It wasn't easy, but it will get better."

"I hope so. Because this sucks." I held her for a while and then got her into the shower. I washed her hair for her and soaped her entire body thoroughly, spending a lot of time on her breasts. "I think they're clean now", she said pushing me away playfully. "Promise me that you'll always treat me this way. I kind of like it." She smiled, and then laughed. The glint was back in her eyes. Then she took the soap from me and washed my entire body. She spent a long time on my dick and finally got the results she was looking for. "I love how hard your cock gets in my hand." 

The shower had a large bench and she pushed me back so that I sat down. Then she squatted in front of me and started to suck the head like a lollipop. She had her knees spread wide and was rubbing her pussy. "You make me so wet I can't stop thinking about having you fuck me." So she stood up, straddled my legs and lowered herself down on my dick. "I'm going to fuck you nice and slow. Then I'm going to get up, walk out of here, get dressed and leave. When I get back, I'm going to finish fucking you where ever you are. So find a good spot and expect a very wet pussy." The whole time she was slowing moving her hips up and down. "You like how I'm doing this? I do. I can feel your entire cock sliding in and out of me. Each time I slide down you bump my cervix and it sends a shock through me. All I'm going to be able to do for the next few hours is think about how it feels to get really fucked. I hope that's all you can think about." Then she got up, walked out of the shower and was gone. 

I thought about jerking off, but decided to wait. I knew she was going to give me a ride later that I wouldn't forget. I sat in the shower till my dick softened, then I shut the water off and went out of the room. The girls were already gone, but I found a note on the kitchen table. "Johnny, my pussy is soaking wet and can't wait to hold your cock again. JC"
