 3 years later

We are side by side on the beach at Porquerolles. White sand trickles between my toes as Lyn lies with her head on my stomach, stretched out at right angles to me. She is wearing a swimming costume, as am I. Nearby a young woman is playing with two children, one about two and a half year's old, the other barely a year. The young woman is James's wife Case: they've been married for a year now. The children are both Lyn's, one fathered by Ben, her first love, and the other by Matthew, Kirsty's husband, out of a decision Lyn made and carried through with her usual thoroughness. Ben is now living with Sam, her sister, in Macclesfield.

Lyn has been living alone with her children but sees Kate and Sarah and their partners often. She works part-time teaching French to children in primary schools in Dover. Kate has divorced Mark and has just had a child by Rob Timpson whom she married this spring after their child was born. They are both living in Norwich running an asset management planning service aimed at local farmers. Rob understands Kate's nature and welcomes Lyn to their home and they all renew those experiences that began up in the hills that summer, when they first met. I'm just so happy now to be with her again after a period of uncertainty in my own life. I tease Lyn: 

'Don't you tell stories any more?'

'It's been a long time,' she answers wistfully. 'I don't think anyone's been listening.' She shook her long auburn hair and smiled at me, raising herself on an elbow.

'Would you like a story?' she asked.

'Yes, let me meander again through your past, Lyn.'

'Give me a while to organize my tale, assemble the cast and wake them from their slumbers.'

She seemed to doze and I thought she had indeed gone off to sleep. Then she stirred and sat up properly, leaning into me and placing a hand gently on my thigh. 'Are you ready to listen? You see, there are sad times and happy times, as in all lives. But life is ultimately good to me, you know. Happiness, your own personal made-in-heaven-just-for-you happiness, is out there somewhere, you just have to believe it is and hope you will stumble on it in the end. You can't go looking as you don't know where to go. But don't close your mind to the new: the possibilities are always endless,' she finished, looking into my eyes as she raised her face to mine. I bent mine to hers and kissed her fondly.

'Ready?' she asked.

'Yes,' I said. 'Tell it as if I was a total stranger who didn't know or share our past.'

And so for, well, almost the very last time, my Lyn began to weave once more that tapestry of tales she began so long ago. And as the patterns became clearer I finally understood the meanings of her love, as you will see...

I had known in my heart for a long time that Case and James were destined for each other, just as I learnt to accept that Ben would slowly come to recognize his feelings for Sam, my slightly younger sister. But you know who she is, of course. Sometimes I think of the story as if I was telling it on the radio or something to other strangers who don't understand...

I found that the hurt lessened and evaporated. I still love Ben, but differently and I am happy for them both. Not long ago I visited them so he could see his child. They've got a nice place in Macclesfield. Sam made it clear she wanted Ben to sleep with me whilst I was there and that was nice of her. I spent just one night with him. I didn't need sex as much any more. Perhaps it was since I had my first child or perhaps it was a more deeply rooted sadness that Sam, Ben, Case and James had found their dreams and had seized hold of them. I was still attached to them all but my dream was like a kite whose cord had broken. The kite had escaped me but it was still flying out of my reach.

I went to stay with Kirsty and Matthew and kept my word to Matthew.

'My word' is perhaps not quite right as I don't think he actually knew of the promise or pact I had made with myself. Kirsty told me she could never thank me enough but I did it for myself really. I wanted to show I could make a decision and carry it out, accepting all the consequences. Matthew's child, Sasha, was born just nine months later and he and Kirsty both attended the birth.

Summer holidays continued much the same and at those times I would sample again the delights of previous partners and friends as we shared our love. Rob Timpson was around a lot and we met the Jenkinsons from Chester. I liked Sally very much and she has been to stay with me in Dover. Her family encouraged her to come down and she and I had a wonderful time together.

Then not long after Sasha, my second, was born, Gail fell ill. It seemed to take a long time for anyone to diagnose what was wrong and anyway Dave and Gail didn't tell us for a long time that there was anything the matter. Gail became worse as doctors battled to control something wrong with her blood. She was on steroids, then chemotherapy. I went to see them as soon as Dave told me there was something seriously wrong. He was panicking now. When I arrived in my little Fiat car packed with baby stuff I was completely shocked by what I saw. Gail looked so weak. I knew she was dying.

I took her in my arms and held her. That night I lay in bed with her, warming her.

I had to get back to Dover for Tuesday morning and, tragically, I never saw her again. She died at home with Dave. We all met together for the funeral, everyone, but it was a sad time. Dave seemed a cavernous hollow of himself - inert, silent and brooding on the past. We felt guilty somehow, almost believing that our rejection of normal conventional relationships might be the cause of retribution being visited upon us. That was rubbish, I decided, and threw such thoughts from my mind. I wondered however if Dave struggled more.

Preoccupied by both Sasha and by young Nicholas, I kept myself to myself, hearing now and then from my sister that all was not well. Dave had taken on extra responsibilities at work, ploughing himself into his work, and was likely to undertake some fairly lengthy foreign trips on behalf of his firm. He hadn't taken to drink or anything like that: he'd just lost the will to communicate with the rest of the family. He couldn't be bothered any more. He and Gail had loved each other very much and she was always a foil to his desires and she supported his fantasies willingly as he had accepted and understood her desires sometimes for female company.

It must have been just before the half-term break in June. I had just gone back to work and Sasha and Nick were at their respective child care or nursery placement. I was glad to get back to work both from a financial point of view and because coping on my own was turning me into an emotional zombie deprived of adult company. This had been the worst of times for me; I didn't remotely regret having had Matthew's child and he had been very supportive. Matthew and Kirsty gave me monthly financial support for Sasha as does Ben for Nick. 

I planned to spend some time with Matthew and Kirsty later during the long summer break if all went to plan and provided we were all well: they had made it clear that they wanted this and Kirsty told me on the phone that she hoped I would enjoy 'being' with her and Matthew again. I knew what she was suggesting and that too boosted my esteem. I tried to take a bit more care of myself and worked on my figure to make sure I wasn't going to seed. Most of all I realized I needed a partner, someone constant in my life to run alongside my appetite for diversity.

Anyway I was looking forward to the week's holiday when one evening, just after I had got both the kids off to sleep, my mobile phone rang. It was Rob Timpson. Apparently he and Kate had mentioned me coming down this half-term to stay with them in Norwich when we spoke on the phone at Christmas but I certainly had no recollection of it. He asked again if I would go.

'Bring the kids, of course,' he said. 'Then there'll be three of them!' he laughed.

A multitude of thoughts ran through my head, mostly the practical ones of getting myself and the children packed in the car along with all the other infant clutter. But I needed adult company and adult company with whom I would be comfortable and open. Rob and Kate would be the tonic I craved.

'Yes, Rob. I'll come. I'll see you Saturday, early afternoon, ok?' I suddenly felt better. Since Gail's death and Dave's absences and silences my own loneliness had grown more real and seemed more of a threat to my happiness. I wanted more from life.

After a mad 48 hours I was just about organized by Friday evening and everything was in the hallway of my flat. The children were asleep but I didn't expect that to last for long as Sasha was excited at the idea of going away - Nick was still too young to understand.

I slept like a log as I was exhausted, so if Nick cried for me I didn't hear. But I expect with mother's instinct he would have woken me. Who cares? When I did awake it was a sunny June morning and we were off!

The journey from Dover to Norwich is quite tricky and I am easily confused at motorway junctions and can shoot off at the wrong exit tempted/confused by words like East or North! It was pretty busy too but I kept calm, kept thinking about how nice this break was going to be and also my thoughts drifted back to that day several years ago when Dave, Kate, Rob and I did some filming in that sheltered hollow in the hills in France. 

We set off at about 8 o'clock in the morning and I hoped to avoid some of the heavier Saturday morning traffic. I made good progress along the A20 and the M20. in fact the motorway was pretty busy but I was content to maintain a steady 50 mph in the inside lane. Under the Dartford tunnel we went although I panicked momentarily wondering whether I would find the one pound coin for the toll. I did. It was after this that I really started to find the route finding tough: A282, M25, A1023, A12, A14, A140, A47. Mind-boggling! So many road number changes. I pulled over a couple of times to look at my Reader's Digest Book of the Road. It was a few years out-of-date but it served me pretty well and signs for Norwich were soon giving me confidence that I would make it for lunchtime.

All in all it was just over four hours, including a couple of stops, since I left Dover that I arrived at Rob and Kate's. Rob was at work but hoped to be home mid-afternoon: he had a couple of farmers to meet out towards Ipswich. The children were getting fractious so we got them into the house and gave them some attention. Soon they were playing happily and Kate and I sat down on their sofa to watch over them. Kate hadn't really changed much: her red hair was perhaps shorter than ever and she retained that boyish look that is so seductive to me. Her figure had filled out very slightly: her breasts were bigger and she soon told me how she had battled to remain as waif-like as Rob liked her to be. Kate had always liked to be dominated sexually and Rob had learnt to please her in this way whereas her first husband had had a cruel streak. Any cruelty from Rob was faked to arouse her and meet her needs and desires. She had grown more mature too, maybe since we broadened her sexual mind and experience that summer in France.

We chatted and soon I realized we were leaning in towards each other. I put my hand on her left leg and turned my face in to hers. We kissed briefly on the lips, tongues hesitantly touching. Kate got up to see to her baby [Angie] who was crying in her pram. She slumped back into the sofa, tumbling against me, pushing a hand up into my crutch to support herself. Then she left it there and I put my hand back on her leg, higher up this time, on the inside of her calf.

'I've been dreaming of this all morning,' she said. 'I was looking out of the upstairs window for you when you arrived. I'm very excited, Lyn: Rob knows what I want.' She stopped a moment and I moved my hand to her crutch. Now we were both groping each other's denim clad cunts, massaging firmly: we kissed again, lingeringly. Kate moved away and then bit me hard on the neck. I reached up and nibbled her earlobe -not very gently- she winced. We relaxed and grinned at each other.

After a couple of minutes Kate said: 'We'll take the kids' stuff upstairs soon: they've each got their own room.' She paused again and then blurted out: 'I hope this is all right but we haven't given you a room, we want you to sleep with Rob and me.' She added: 'Not just sleep.' And stopped and waited.

'The reason I wanted to come was that being alone with Nick and Sasha can drive me almost insane due to a lack of an adult to talk to. I'm not blaming anyone but I'm the only one of us all who hasn't, you know, seized the dream. I need to be back in the grown-up world. That's why I was desperate to come. And I mean back in the grown-up world in every way, Kate.'

'You can't always seize the right dream first time, you know, Lyn,' Kate said, softly.

'I know. I let Ben go. I thought he was the love of my life. I still love him but I found and lost the love of my life. I think of me like a kite who's escaped from its ties.' I reflected and shrugged any sadness off me. 'You left Mark but you and Rob are good aren't you?'

Kate looked into my eyes and smiled. 'Yes, we understand love and share. Did you know you and Dave taught us that? Love and share. You brought us together and I knew, I knew that night. I decided. But I want you again, Lyn. I'd like Dave again one day and I ..'

A car horn sounded and Kate jumped up. 'That's Rob,' she said. We went out through the back door to the yard and garage. 

'What were you about to say, Kate?' I asked as we went.

She said very quietly: 'I want to watch you and Rob tonight. I need to.' She finished and kissed Rob briefly as he got out of his car. We embraced and he held me really tight. I didn't hesitate to grind myself into him as he pushed himself against me. It felt nice.

'Where are all the kids?' he asked.

'In the lounge. We'd better get back inside.'

 ooo000ooo