 In a couple of weeks I'm running a large party with a group of friends. The organisation side of things is hotting up and there is a flurry of activity in my social circle with all our friends getting ready for the party. On Saturday just past, my wife Samantha decided to go out shopping with her friend Erica to buy clothes for the party. The party is nominally black tie, but the 'understanding' is that it should be a place where people feel comfortable with a more sexy take on the theme.

Samantha and I have known Erica since we moved back to London about 6 months ago. We met her through mutual friends at a 'welcome back' party and instantly had that connection with her where you know you're going to be close and firm friends. I can't deny that I thought she was attractive when we first met. Her parents were Spanish but she had lived in the UK all her life. She has deep green eyes, subtle pouting lips, chocolate brown skin and dark wavy hair that ends in the middle of her back. She's small – a little over 5 feet tall – but has a full figure, with a small waist, ample breasts and rounded hips. When you look at her, you immediately think of Penelope Cruz, but the image is shattered – in the best possible way – when you hear here deep rich Surrey accent.

It seemed that Sam had been affected by her in a similar way. All she could talk about in the cab on the way home was how gorgeous Erica was, how smart, erudite and funny she seemed. The three of us had spoken all night and I had to admit, many women (with the exception of my wife) look lovely, but wind up being quite boring to talk to. Erica – on the other hand - had been captivating, keeping us in stitches with stories of her mis-adventures as a medical student and as an Accident and Emergency doctor in London hospitals. Both girls had wound the night up, arms around each other dancing on tables in the bar.

My wife is an extremely attractive woman. Like many Vancouver natives, she is gregarious, laid back and makes friends easily, traits she has exploited in her job as an interior designer, specialising in large corporate and hotel fit outs. In such a male dominated area I am sure she also benefits from her short blonde hair, her tall lithe figure with slim hips and waist, olive brown skin, infectious grin, sparkling blue eyes, and....well....her ample breasts. Sometimes I am jealous of the people who work with her. Not because they are leering at her, but because they get to look at her all day.

As we grew to know Erica I began to see a subtle change in Sam's attitude toward her. It was nothing I could put my finger on, but it evidenced itself in a number of ways. A hug that lingered too long when they were greeting or parting, the way they casually draped themselves over each other at our house or bars when we had been drinking and their...familiarity with each other.

In the past, Sam and I had discussed bringing another person to bed with us. I was perfectly happy for it to be another guy and had told her this, but had been pleasantly surprised when she said she would prefer a woman, if we did it at all. When I had tried to press her a little further on things however, she'd gone quiet, indicating that the discussion was closed. The seed had been planted in my mind however.

Things had come to a head one evening about a month after we arrived back in town while at a party at a friend's house in Mayfair. All of us had been drinking quite heavily, and a small quantity of drugs had been passed around. Both Sam and Erica had partaken of some (as had I) and were feeling quite loose, friendly and tactile. Our friend had a jacuzzi on his top deck, and the girls and I decided to make use of it. The night was warmish, so we were happy enough to strip down to our underwear and climb into the bubbling water.

While the party buzzed downstairs we sat in the jacuzzi and talked, sipping champagne and letting the jets sooth our muscles. The girls sat close to each other Sam's arm around Erica's shoulders playing with her hair, Erica's head resting on Sam's shoulder. Watching the two of them sitting there, I started to get quite hard and the I think the girls could tell as the conversation began to turn a little flirty.

"You know Sam, I think Scott has a pretty decent body" Erica said coyly

"Doesn't he?" she replied "you should feel his abs, he works on them at the gym about 3 or 4 nights a week> Go ahead and have a feel of them if you like"

I grinned at the compliment and was surprised when Erica's hand reached across the tub to stroke me on the stomach. A look of surprise crossed her face as she let her hand roam a little lower and brushed the top of my penis, jutting conspicuously out from my pelvis.

"Ooh dear" said Erica in mock surprise. "I think he might be a little bit excited at the moment." She whispered "I thin k he had a hard on"

"Really?!!?" said Sam in equal mock surprise "Well, he's a very excitable boy, isn't he?" both girls giggled at my expense, looking deeply into each other's eyes.

The mood had immediately turned heavy and as I watched, Erica leaned toward Sam and began to kiss her on the mouth. Sam didn't hesitate for a moment and returned the kiss with a passion I hadn't seen in a while. If possible, my cock got even harder as I watched them, Erica's hand reaching up to pull the strap of Sam's bra down to expose her breast, which she began to massage slowly, tweaking the nipple each time.

Both girls stopped kissing each other and looked at me, mouths slightly ajar, their breathing heavy. Erica started to move toward me but at that exact momentm the door to the deck opened and out friend's Jonah and Kelli stumbled out onto the deck, taking their clothes off as they came, preparing to join us in the jacuzzi.

The girls split from each other and moved to opposite sides of the jacuzzi, Sam looking a little sheepish and Erica looking somewhat panicked, as if the breaking of the mood had reminded her of just exactly what she was doing. Sam subtly put her bra strap back in place and moved to sit next to me, keeping an eye on Erica as she did.

Jonah and Kelli, both drunk and stoned didn't notice a thing and immediately began talking and laughing with us, remarking on what a great party it was. Erica quickly made an excuse, got out of the jacuzzi, gathered he clothes and walked back inside the house.

Out of politeness, Sam and I stayed for a few minutes more, but we left quickly when more people came out onto the deck from the main party. I had a moment of embarrassment as I left the jacuzzi and displayed my massive hard on to those gathered as the fabric of my wet boxer briefs clung to it like shrink wrap. The jeering and cat calls were enough to disrtract everyone from the see through bra and crotchless thong Sam was wearing however.

Back in the party, soggy and dressed, we looked for Erica only to find that she had already gone. Andrew, our host, had said she's left quite quickly, claiming an urget page from her hospital.  We gathered our things and also made our way home.

After we arrived home, Sam and I engaged in some of the most passionate sex since our honeymoon. Afterwards, while we talked and fell asleep, she confided in me that she'd wanted to fuck both Erica and I in the jacuzzi and was annoyed that she'd not gotten the chance. We decided then and there that we would broach the subject with Erica more formally and see what happened.

The opportunity never presented itself though. In the following weeks and months, Erica never said anything relating to the incident in the short moments we were able to get with her at lunches and other gatherings. Where we had seen her 3 or 4 times a week before, she always seemed to have something on or another commitment whenever we tried to make plans. In addition, she started seeing another doctor at her hospital (whom neither of us liked too much) and all her off call hours seemed to be spent with him Samantha's feelings had been a little hurt by the whole incident.

In the week preceding the big party I was organising though, Erica and her doctor broke up after she found him shagging a nurse in a supply cupboard at the hospital. Out of the blue, Erica had called Sam and they'd gotten together for a bit of a 'deep and meaningful' and a bitch session on the nature of the male sex. We both thought that Erica had been a bit freaked out by the incident in the jacuzzi, so we decided to leave it alone for a while, allowing Erica to take the lead.

So, on that Saturday afternoon, the both of them had decided to go out and shop for outfits. I'd spent the day running errands and doing chores, as well as buying a bit of food to cook that evening. The plan was for the ladies would come back to our place after shopping, I would make dinner and we would then go out for the evening with some other friends. 

They made it back here by about 5ish. I'd already cooked some risotto and gotten some wine. They trooped through the door weighed down heavily with their shopping bags, gabbling and giggling like a pair of school girls. I commented on the sheer volume of shopping they had come back with and was assured that all were good purchases and that I would get a look later after we had eaten. "Samantha bought you a surprise as well, Scott," Erica teased "I'm sure you're going to like it".

I tried to get some more hints but to no avail. I opened the wine and dished out food and we all sat down in the lounge room to eat. The girls had obviously worked up a decent appetite shopping as there was hardly a morsel left by the time they were full. We'd also managed to work our way through a bottle of red in the process. It seemed to evaporate into the air.

We sat and talked about nothing in particular for a little while afterwards and it was about 6:30 by the time the ladies decided it was time to try on the clothes they had bought shopping. Erica offered to go first 

"If we're going to do a fashion parade, we really do need a bit of bubbly, don't you think?" She said, gathering up her bags. We all heartily agreed and I slipped off to the kitchen to open a bottle and get some glasses, while Erica nipped off into our bedroom to change into the first outfit she had bought.

"How were things today?" I asked Samantha when I came back. "Really good." She said. "It was like old times." A little smile crossed her lips and she looked away briefly "What's that look all about?" I asked surprised to see her face reddening a bit "Well, it's just....she's so cute" Samantha confessed. "I'm probably just being silly but I thought she was coming on to me a little, today" "REALLY?!!?" I mock exclaimed. "Why do you think that?" "Well..." Samantha never got the chance to finish the sentence because Erica came back out on the first outfit.

I like a good fashion parade and I especially like it if it's pretty much just for me. Erica had purchased a psychedelic coloured vinyl mini skirt and a matching boob top that left a great deal of exposed flesh between the top of the skirt and the bottom of the top. For such a tiny girl you wouldn't think there was such a great deal of stomach to display, but maybe because it was so 'out there' it seemed like it went on forever.

Samantha was leaning against my right side, under my arm and I felt her take a sharp breath as Erica did a bit of a pirouette, showing us that the mini-skirt really WAS quite mini, beginning just below the protrusion of her pelvic bone and  ending just below the point where her bum stopped. I had to admit that she had an extremely nice bum and even though her boobs weren't too big, they filled out the top quite nicely. Despite myself, I felt my jeans becoming a little bit uncomfortable as the occupancy in them....increased a little. Samantha also seemed to notice a bit as she took her free hand and put it on the inside of my leg, adjusted her positioning a little bit, seeming to rock back and forth slightly as she did so.

"So what do you think?" Erica asked, picking up her champagne and playfully striking some model-esque poses as she walked around in front of the couch where we were sitting.

I was a little speechless, but Samantha filled the gap nicely by getting up and walking around Erica eyeing her in a mock critical manner. "It's very tight up top." She said as she grabbed the top from behind and tried to move it around a little. "Do you think it will get uncomfortable as the night goes on?"

"Yeah, you're right...it might. What do you think, Scott?" Erica moved back into Samantha, leaning her body into her and putting her arm up above her head, placing her hand behind Samantha's neck and stroking it languidly. "Do I look sexy?" Both girls giggled and Samantha reached around to stroke Erica's toned and tanned stomach, looking at me and smiling as she did so.

I missed a beat, blinked and opened my mouth to say something, stammering a little bit. "I...ah...um...." Both girls laughed and Erica doubled over, covering her hand with her mouth, laughing hysterically. 

"I think that's a yes" she said as she stood back up and turned to face Samantha. "You're probably right. I'll try the other one on. This might be good for a club night though, don't you think?" 

Samantha agreed and Erica started to move out of the room, taking the top off over her head just as he passed trough the door out of the living room and into the hallway leading to the bedroom. I almost got whiplash as I turned my head around to follow her. I caught a brief glimpse of 'side boob', but mainly got to see her back, as she walked into the bedroom and closed the door.

When I turned back around again, I noticed that Samantha had walked around to the hall way to follow Erica out of the room and was watching as intently as me.

"See what I mean?" Samantha said "She's been like that all day"

I thought about it for a second and erred on the side of caution. Erica was flirty kind of girl and it usually just meant that she was comfortable with you rather than trying to hit on you.

"I think she's just being the old Erica. I wouldn't read too much into it". I said as I drained the last of my glass of champagne and reached for the bottle to fill it back up again.

"Yeah, you're probably right". Samantha gazed off into the middle distance as she too drained her glass and waved it at me for a refill.

Whether Erica was flirting or not, I still had to admit that I'd gotten slightly aroused. As I filled her glass I looked at Samantha again and reminded myself just want an attractive woman she is. She was wearing a pair of tight hipster pants which grabbed her ass in all the right ways. She was wearing a tight t-shirt which ended just above her navel, exposing her newly pierced belly button. As my eyes moved up I noticed her C cup sized breasts and that her nipples had become quite erect and were poking through the cotton of her shirt...hmmmm....no bra today, I see....although I'm sure she left the house wearing one.

"Having a good look?"

The question brought me out of my revere and I looked at her face. She was smirking in a very cheeky manner.

"Well....you know" She arched her eyebrow and then rocked back and forth from one foot to the other a little before closing her eyes and sighing a little bit.

"Are you OK?" I asked?

She opened her eyes and looked at me. "Oh yeah...just fine". She ran her hand through her hair and came back to sit next to me once again. Putting her back against my chest and her left arm on the inside of my thigh she settled in putting one foot up on the divan and leaving the other on the floor, her purple painted toes wiggling from under the hem of her pants. She pressed her elbow up against my crotch, gently rubbing back and forward making things a little bit less comfortable for me to sit there. I wasn't complaining though. I had my right arm around her shoulders and my hand naturally came to rest in proximity to her breasts. I could smell her freshly washed hair and feel her lungs fill and empty of air as I gave the left nipple a little rub.

"Hey, didn't you have a bra on when you left this morning?" I asked.

"Yeah," she said "but I took it off in the lingerie store and didn't bother putting it back on.

"I had enough time to say "Lingerie, huh?" before Erica came out in her new outfit.

Where the other was an over the top club inspired outfit which screamed frivolity, this one was a deep midnight blue, with a circular neck band (like you would find on a t-shirt), no sleeves, a V in the front that plunged well below the bust line and a deeper one in back dipping to almost the small of her back. The hemline ended mid thigh and she had finished the outfit off with a beautiful pair of strappy Gucci shoes in a similar colour of blue. She had put her hair up in a simple silver clip and the effect was all sex appeal. The dress draped in an A-line from the shoulder and billowed about her small frame as she swivelled and turned. Ringlets of her dark hair spilled out of the clip and danced around her ears and shoulders. 

"What do you think?" she asked. Samantha moved her elbow back slightly placing more pressure where it didn't need to be and I spoke up.

"It's awesome. I definitely think it's the one to go for"

"Samantha?"

"mmmm....I agree. DEFINITELY the better one of the two" she said in a strangely languid voice, still gently rocking back and forward on the seat. She took my right hand in hers and – almost imperceptibly – used it rub her left breast while Erica's back was momentarily to us, completing her last turn.

"Excellent", exclaimed Erica. "This is definitely the outfit I will go for, then!" 

She walked forward and grabbed Samantha's right hand pulling her up out of the couch. 

"OK, your turn. Scott must be sick of me prancing around like I own the place. It's time to show off what you've bought!".

As Samantha came totally to her feet, Erica lithely pivoted around her and took up the exact position my wife had vacated, surprisingly with almost the exact same positioning of the left elbow. I hope she couldn't feel the now rather firm erection I had

Samantha gave us both a cheeky smile. "I only bought one outfit, but I think it will be good. Make yourselves comfortable and I'll be out in a minute"

Erica pulled my right arm around her and hugged my arm to her chest. I found the least provocative position to put my right hand, but still found my hand on her midriff slightly grazing her left breast.

"Scotty, my comfort would be greatly increased if you poured me another glass of champagne. Please do your wife's bidding as a good husband should"

I laughed and reached for the bottle with my left hand, levering it precariously off the floor and topping off Erica's glass. She took a big sip and stretched back languidly taking her head off my chest and lying back across my lap. She looked me in the eye and said:

"So are you enjoying your little London Fashion week right here in the living room?"

"Indeed I am, sweetie. You looked absolutely scrumptious. No doubt you will dive all the boys mad at the party"

"Just the boys?" she asked, lifting her left hand up to play with my hair and smirking coquettishly.

I smiled playfully at her "I have no doubt that more than a few of the girls will be driven mad as well!" "Eeexxxcelent!!" she said in a fake Monty Burns voice. "I like to keep my options open."

"Naughty little strumpet", I laughed as she moved her back around on my lap. I could see the hem of her dress riding up her leg in my peripheral vision. I moved my right hand to place it on her right thigh casually patting it and rubbing a little despite myself. The cloth of her dress was stretched against her breasts. And I could see her nipples standing erect through the cloth, the hint of the dark areola of her left breast peeking out from underneath the thin fabric.
