 Joan kissed her husband Tom goodbye and told him to have a good day at work. She poured a second cup of coffee and wondered what she was going to do today. The chime of the doorbell interrupted her thoughts. Opening the door, she was pleased to see her friend and neighbor Laura.

They sat at the kitchen table chatting and drinking coffee and juice. "How is your love life? Is Tom still avoiding sex?"

"Yes, he only gets in the mood about once every other month. I have no idea what is wrong, perhaps he is tired of me, maybe this happens after you've been married seven years. When we were first married, he wanted me every night. Do you think I have lost my sex appeal and looks?"

Laura pulled Joan off the chair with both hands and marched her in to the living room to a large mirror. "Look at yourself, 5'5", long brown hair, beautiful brown eyes, the face of an angel, perky 34C breast, and legs that just won't quit. Only a fool wouldn't want you, you are gorgeous."

The twenty-eight year old frustrated wife sobbed on her friend's shoulder. Laura patted her on the back and told her to find a lover. "What? I could never do that; I love Tom and have never even thought about anyone else since I have been married. The bills are piling up, that may be the problem."

"Get a job then, catch up on the bills and see if it helps."

"Where could I find work? Does anyone need a housewife?"

"You could work with me at the club. We make good money and they would hire you in a second."

"Me? Work in a strip club. I don't think so, Tom would never approve of me working in a strip club."

"You would be serving drinks not stripping. Talk to Tom and see what he says, you have nothing to loose, and if he needs money that much he just might say yes."

The next morning, Joan rushed to her friend's house and excitedly announced, "Guess what! Tom said I could work at the club as a cocktail-waitress. He thought I was going to strip and he went crazy; so when he learned that I would only be serving drinks he was relieved and said that it was a good idea."

"Great, I start work at 6 tonight, so come to the club tonight and I will introduce you to the boss and we will get you a job."

"Just like that? You make it sound automatic. What if they don't need anyone? What if they don't like me?"

"Stop worrying please, no it's not automatic but they always need help and with your looks, I am willing to wager that you are hired."

Later that night Joan went to the strip club and felt so out of place; she watched the strippers dancing and hustling drinks. Laura saw her and told her to come to the bar. Joan was introduced to Nick the manager. He led her to an office and interviewed her for a half-hour. The thirty-four year old man with black hair and blue eyes was friendly and easy to talk with, except Joan was somewhat distracted by his rugged good looks. "Laura will take you to the uniform room and get your outfits and I will see you at 6 o'clock tomorrow evening."

"You mean I got the job."

"Yes, I'm sure you will work out fine. The first week Laura will show you the ropes and then you will be on your own."

"Thank you so much!" Joan was excited and she wondered how she would feel wearing her new uniform, a low cut top, a black mini-skirt that barley covered her buttocks; they did give her black panties to wear, and black stockings with garter and fuck-me pumps.

Laura showed Joan her locker and told her to keep her uniform in the locker and change there, unless she wanted to wear the sexy outfit to and from work. "I don't think so, the locker will be fine, I'm worried about wearing those shoes, and I sure hope that I don't fall down on the job."

"You will be fine baby, see you here at the lockers at five-thirty. I will show you all of the tricks of the trade and we will have you on your way to making some money. You will be pleasantly surprised at how much tips I make here."

Joan got to the club a little early and was changing for work when a sexy Latin woman opened the locker next to her and stripped; The exotic woman was a knockout, long black hair that fell to the center of her back, big brown eyes and the largest breast that Joan had ever seen. Joan lowered her gaze and discovered a small patch of black pubic hair, a pussy with swollen lips, a clit that was enlarged, and beautiful legs. Catching Joan staring she asked, "Like what you see baby?"

The embarrassed housewife answered, "Oh, you are very beautiful, sorry, I didn't mean to stare."

The sensual Latin moved closer and said, "Don't be sorry baby, I like women to look at me, you can touch if you want. I noticed the look on your face when you stared at my cunt, the pussy lips are swollen because the lady next door is always chewing on them, and my clit always gets big when I am aroused. Feel me, I know you want to touch me, go ahead, I won't bite."

"No, I don't touch women, thank you!"

"Hi Joan, I see you met Carmen, I think she likes you." Carmen went back to her own locker and dressed for work. Laura noticed that her friend was upset and told her not to pay any attention to Carmen. Once she knows that you are not interested, she will stop bothering you. Just give her a firm no."

A couple of weeks went by and Joan was getting use to the club. It seemed like a strange new world to her. Men and women were hitting on her every night. Laura warned her about the owner, Fat Frank. Joan could not understand why all the women liked him so much. Frank was in his 50's, fat and bald. Maybe it is because he owned the club and had money, she thought.

It was getting near closing time and Laura told Joan that Fat Frank wanted to buy them a drink after work. Joan went in the employee restroom to freshen up and was shocked to see a blond girl that she recognized as a customer, down on her knees licking Carmen's cunt. "Her husband is drunk and spending all of his money on lap dances, so I thought that I would give her a treat, why don't you lick her pussy while she feasts on my delicious cunt?"

"No thanks!" as she stormed out the door and headed to the bar.

Joan joined Fat Frank, Nick and Laura at the bar. She sat next to Fat Frank and noticed that Nick had his hand on her friend's thigh. Laura looked sexy with her shoulder length blond hair and blue eyes, her 36D cups, and her long shapely legs. After about four or five drinks Joan, noticed Nick kissing her friend passionately and his hand went to her panties. 

Fat Frank handed Joan a five-dollar bill and told her to play some sexy music. She was selecting songs on the machine when Frank pressed his fat body to hers; she felt something big and hard press against her ass. It couldn't be his dick, they don't come that big she thought. He cupped her breast with his fat hands and pinched her nipples. She wanted to protest but didn't want to anger the boss. She thought of all the pats on the ass she got in the last three weeks and she didn't do anything at all. Before she worked at the club any one that touched her ass would have been slapped, now a pat on the butt happened many times every night.

Fat Frank turned her around and pressed his lips to hers. His hand went up her skirt and into her panties, two fat fingers slid into her wet pussy. Joan did not find Frank the least bit attractive but the combination of no sex in two months, the drinks and the fingers working her pussy, got her horny as hell. Fat Frank was kissing her neck as he finger fucked her hot cunt. He whispered in her ear, "Take my cock out and play with it." The fat man guided her hand to his cock.

Her hand moved up and down his cock, she squeezed it and gasped, "Oh my god, it's so big!"

"Take it out baby, you're going to love my present just for you."

With trembling hands, Joan released the monster from its cage. Her little hands could not fit around the thick cock. It was 8" and thick, and it wasn't fully hard yet. The little wife just stared at it as she stroked his cock to a stiff 11" erection. "I can't even get my hands around it, it's so big and fat!" 

"Put your sweet lips on my cock honey, get on your knees and suck my big cock."

The frightened wife looked over to her friend for help only to see her legs spread wide and Nick plowing his cock in her cunt. She looked at Fat Frank's big cock and felt her pussy get even wetter; she got on her knees and kissed the swollen head of his big cock. Joan lovingly kissed and licked the entire surface of the enormous cock; she wrapped her arms around his buttocks and took an much of his big cock in her mouth as she could.

"That's it baby, suck my big cock, you look so good with my dick in your mouth. I knew you were a hot slut." Fat Frank told her to take everything off but her stockings and high-heels, he dropped his pants and lifted her on the pool table, pushed her down on her back, spread her legs wide and stuffed his cock in her hungry pussy.

"Oh shit, it's so bigggg, oh godddd, yessss, fuck meeee, please don't stoppp, ohhhhh!!!"

"You like Fat Frank's big cock in your slut cunt, don't you bitch?"

"Yes, I've all ready reached orgasm several times, your cock fills my little pussy up, your big cock is touching places in me that have never been toughed before. Yes, keep fucking me with your big fat cock, it feels so good." Joan reached another orgasm and wrapped her legs around him; she humped back at him hard. Fat Frank kept on fucking the little wife.

Joan was lost in lust; nothing mattered to her but the fat cock fucking her like she has never been fucked before. All the sudden another dick was rubbing her red lips; it was semi-hard and filled her sweet mouth. Fat Frank ordered her to suck Nick's cock. Laura cheered her on, "Wow, my innocent little friend is working two cocks at once, this is hot! Get Nick hard so he can fuck me again, good girl."

After about five minutes, Nick got up, bent Laura over a stool, and fucked her from behind. Joan saw Carmen and the blond customer watching her getting royally fucked by Fat Frank. Carmen climbed on the table, lowered her sopping wet pussy to Joan's face, and said. "Ever since I first saw your pretty face I wondered how you would look with your mouth on my cunt. It looks even better than I had imagined it would look. Lick my hot cunt, suck it all up, I love it, suck baby suck."

Fat Frank was still fucking Joan hard; the sexy Latin beauty was fucking her mouth. The aroma and taste of the aroused cunt in her mouth and the feeling in her pussy as the big cock fucked her was driving Joan crazy. She never even dreamed of sex this wild, she lost track of her orgasms. Carmen covered her pretty face with cunt juice and got up but was replaced by her blond friend. Fat Frank was still fucking her furiously. 

When the blond woman lifted her soaking wet cunt from Joan's face and got off the table; her friend Laura straddled her head and lowered her steaming pussy to her waiting mouth and said, "I have something better for you slut! My cunt is filled with Nick's cum, eat it all out bitch, lick it up, yeah, good girl!"

Her friend fucked her face with fervor; the big cock finally shot a load of hot cum up her pussy. They all reached climax together and Joan tried to compose herself. The poor little wife's face was glistening with pussy juice, her cunt was stretched wide and cum was leaking out of her gaping hole. But a big smile was on her pretty face after the best fuck of her life.

The six went back to the bar for a nightcap, Gloria; the buxom brunette behind the bar served them their drinks. Fat Frank thanked her for staying late and tipped her $200.00. She thanked him and said that staying behind the bar was not easy. "What do you mean?"

"All the women got to sit on the new girl's face and I got left out."

"Shit, we can take care of that!" He told her to sit on the edge of the bar and face Joan. Carmen told her petite blond friend to get on her knees and eat Joan's pussy while Joan takes care of the bartender. The blond woman was licking Joan's cunt and she started moaning. Gloria spread her legs and her bald cunt was inches from the little wife's face. Joan breathed in the intoxicating aroma of the aroused pussy and saw moisture drip from the hot cunt; her tongue licked slowly at first but picked up speed. Soon she was licking and sucking feverishly, She could not get enough of the delicious pussy. Gloria ground her hot cunt into Joan's pretty face and reached a rousing orgasm, Joan reached her own orgasm on the tongue of the blond girl.

The next night at work Fat Frank sent word for Joan to come to his office. As Joan walked to the office her pussy tingled and she got goose bumps all over, thinking of his big fat cock and the way he fucks so long.

She knocked on the door and was told to come in. Joan walked in the office and was shocked to see Fat Frank naked, his long tool swung as he walked. Sitting on a leather chair with her legs spread open lewdly was a buxom redhead stripper. The little housewife gasped when she observed the stream of fresh cum dripping from the just fucked cunt.

"Hi baby, I was just telling Blaze what a hot fuck you were and she wanted to see for herself. Get on your knees and suck my cock; then I'll fuck the shit out of your hot little cunt." He pushed her head down and she was on her knees sucking his semi-hard cock, Blaze stood up and helped the little wife off with her top and skirt.

The voluptuous redhead pushed Joan's head roughly and demanded, "Suck that cock slut, put it all in your slut mouth, yeah that's it, now lick his balls!" Joan reached orgasm sucking his big cock and the dominating stripper turned her on too. She could not understand why being humiliated and told what to do by this woman aroused her so much. Joan only knew that it did, her pussy was soaking wet!

She licked his balls as commanded and lovingly kissed up the long shaft, Joan could feel it growing in her hot little mouth. The sexy redhead pushed her head faster causing her to choke and saliva to ooze from her sucking mouth. "All right slut! His cock is rock hard, good job. Now bend over the desk and let Fat Frank fuck you from behind." The little wife bent over the desk and the stripper guided the fat cock into her hungry cunt.

"Oh god, it feels so good, fuck me, yes."

Fat Frank was fucking furiously, Joan was fucking back hard. Blaze moved over to the desk and pushed a tit in the face of the moaning wife. "Suck my big tit's slut, don't be shy, bite them, nibble on my nipples, yes, there you go, good little slut!" Joan moved her head back and forth sucking with fervor on the pointy nipples.

Fat Frank roughly pulled her head back and away from the big tits by her brown hair and yelled out, "That's it bitch, fuck back, You love my big cock up your slut cunt, don't you bitch?"

"Yes I do; you're big fat cock fucks my pussy better than anyone, my pussy loves your cock and so do I. I am your slut; you can fuck me anytime or anywhere you want. Please keep fucking me, don't stop."

Blaze climbed on the desk and spread her legs wide. The red pubic hair proved that she was a natural redhead. Fat Frank let go of her hair and Blaze clutched a handful of brown hair and pulled the little wife to her red -hot cunt. Now suck my cunt slut, chew on my pussy lips, suck my clit, and stick your tongue up my hot hole while you fuck that big dick!" Joan licked, sucked and fucked with vigor. "Shove that big cock up her tight little ass hole! Has our sweet little slut wife ever had a big dick up her little brown hole?"

Joan lifted her head from the smoldering cunt and fearfully replied, "No never, please don't do this to me. His big cock will split me in two. It's much too big, it will kill me, please don't. Ohhhh! Noooo,Noooo! Pleaseeeeee!! Stopppppp... Aggghhh!!! Uhoooo!!!" Fat Frank was fucking her ass with long strokes; Joan's moans and protests were muffled when Blaze pushed her face tight against the hungry pussy.

"What a sweet ass! It is so fucking tight, when I get through fucking her shit hole it will be like the Grand Canyon. She's pumping back now! That means she's starting to like it. Yeah take that cock all the way up your sweet ass. Good girl." Fat Frank could hold back no longer, he released a stream of hot cum deep up her ass. Joan was trying to talk but could not be heard as Blaze pressed her face to her sopping cunt, demanding that the young wife make her cum again.

After the sensual redhead rubbed her cunt all over the pretty face, covering it with cum and cunt juice; Fat Frank told her to come look at this. The red hot redhead pushed away Joan's glistening face and got up and walked behind the well fucked little wife, she exclaimed!" Oh my god, her ass hole does look like the Grand Canyon!" Blaze put her hands on the exposed buttocks, squeezed her ass hole open, and closed. Cum leaked out of the gaping hole. They both laughed at the embarrassed little wife.

As they dressed, Blaze suggested that Joan was wasting her time as a waitress and should do a girl-girl show with her. "I could seduce and dominate the little slut. The plots that we could do are endless. It would be a real money maker."

"Shit, they would close us down."

"Not if we did it at the private parties. Once word got out we would be booked solid, I'm certain of it."

"Let me think about it. Are you ready to become a star of the stage?" Joan just looked at him, not sure what to answer. Fat Frank told Joan to go back on the floor and relieve Laura. When the wife got back on the floor her friend told her that she was taking a break and with a knowing look on her face she asked Joan why she was walking so funny. The little wife's face turned crimson and she wondered who else had noticed.

Two weeks later Joan entered the club to go to work and was met at the door by Fat Frank. He told her that she didn't have to work tonight, he was taking her out, she would be paid and he bought her new clothes that were in the office. He told Joan to change into her new outfit and meet him at the bar.

She went in the office, opened the shopping bag, and was pleasantly surprised to find a white skirt that went six inches above the knees, baby blue lace panties and brassiere, a dark blue blouse, stockings and white high-heels.

Joan joined her boss at the bar and voiced her approval of her new outfit. "You look just like a normal housewife."

"I am, although I suppose I'm not normal any longer."

"Sure you are; most housewives love big fat cocks and eating juicy cunts! It's more normal than going two months without sex." He laughed and she blushed as they finished their drinks and left the club.

Fat Frank led the little wife into a cocktail lounge of a large hotel. The couple sat in a booth and enjoyed their drinks. Joan was starting to feel the affects of her alcohol when they were joined by three men in their thirty's. The men were introduced to Joan as businessmen who were friends of his that could help them with a show with her and Blaze. Fat Frank informed Joan that if everything worked out she would no longer have to serve drinks and could make big money.

Fat Frank and Joan were invited to a suite to have more drinks and discuss the show. The little wife was in awe of the suite, it was spacious and elegant. They were served drinks from the wet bar. Fat Frank was told to put the show together and they would open it at a lesbian club. The club has a private show room and could afford to pay them well. If the show is a success, there are many places to show it.

A tall man with a beard and mustache took Joan in his arms and told her that it was time to celebrate. He kissed her and fondled her breast. From behind the startled wife, another man kissed her neck and lifted her skirt. Joan was feeling her drinks but was still frightened. Her skirt was unhooked, blouse unbuttoned and removed. The men dropped their pants and placed the shaky hands of the frightened wife on their stiff cocks. She looked over to Fat Frank for help, he told her to be nice to the men and enjoy herself.
