 ©2005 JW Omnimedia. All Rights Reserved.

(Author's Note: This story contains the theme of adultery without punishment or reprisal for the adulterer, so if that type of story makes you angry, this may not be the story for you. If you read it anyway, don't bother sending me messages that you don't approve of her behavior. It's a STORY, not reality. Yes, I know adultery is wrong in real life. Thanx.)

"Mike keeps asking about you," Mo said, taking a gulp from her big red plastic cup. 

"I know, you keep telling me," Katy answered between sips of her own beer. She hadn't had nearly as much as her friend, but she knew she had to drive at some point and it was starting to get late. If she slowed down now she should have a couple hours to make sure she was sober enough to drive.

"You've never told me not to tell you."

"I'm just wondering what you're up to, that's all. Are you trying to convince me to commit adultery?"

"Again."

"Yes, again, and keep your voice down. We all took a vow to never speak of that night again, remember?" None of their other friends who were with them that night had brought it up in the months since their girls' night out, but Mo was still in contact with two of the boys they'd met that night, and one of those boys, Andy, was roommates with Mike, the one Katy had fooled around with.

The DJ at the front of the room was loud, so Mo had to lean close to Katy not to shout. The beef and beer they were at was crowded and Katy did have a point. You never knew who might overhear what.

"No, I'm not encouraging you to cheat on Brian. I love Brian, but you've never told me to blow Mike off for you, so I'm just wondering what's going through your mind."

Katy sighed and refilled her beer from the pitcher on their table. It wasn't that she wanted to cheat on her husband again. She felt guilty about the first time, even though the hour or so of mindblowing sex had been amazing. It was just that she liked knowing that Mike was interested. Katy didn't think she'd have a boy ten years her junior chasing after her at thirty-two and it felt good. Actually feeling him had felt even better, but Katy forced those thoughts from her mind. Over the last couple months the memory hadn't diminished at all.

It wasn't that Katy, or any of her other friends for that matter, had set out to cheat. They'd just gone for their traditional girls' night out on Fat Tuesday and ran into a group of younger guys. The four of them went back to the guys' place to sober up before heading home, but then one of the girls, Angie, lost at quarters and the women ended up flashing the younger men. Trouble had been brewing all evening and that just pushed things over the edge. Katy had been sitting on Mike's lap, but until that point she'd kept him at bay for the most part. After flashing her breasts, though, it was a different story and the handsome young man successfully got her into his bed. He was the first man she'd slept with, other than her husband, since she was nineteen. All of the women had gotten into similar trouble as a mixture of alcohol and horniness clouded their judgment. Mo went over the top, being double-teamed by two of the boys. Mo was also the only woman not technically married, as her husband had walked out a few months before. Mo was also the only one still in contact with her young lovers. Through those young guys Katy was seeing a side of Mo she didn't know existed, and she'd known Maureen Kelly since they were both in jumpers and knee socks in grammar school. 

"I guess I'm flattered that Mike's interested, but you can tell him nothing else is going to happen. I'm a happily married woman and I'm not going to step out on Brian again."

Mo grinned and said, "Even if the sex was unbelievable?"

Katy smiled herself, thinking about Mike pounding her from behind. "Yes, even if the sex was unbelievable. I'm not that kind of girl. At least, not anymore!"

The women toasted to that went back out to dance with each other. Mo was Katy's date for the beef and beer because it was Brian's poker night and that was something he never missed. He played with four other guys from his softball team and they rotated from house to house every month. Tonight the guys were at her house and that was another reason Katy wanted to be out. She loved her husband's friends and had a good time partying with them, but when they were playing cards she felt like she was just in the way so she usually made herself scarce. 

It was a little before eleven when the women returned to their table and Mo found a text message on her cell phone. Her whole face lit up as she read it Katy could guess who it was from. Mo stepped outside to make a call and when she returned she said, "You don't mind if I cut out early, do you? This thing seems to be winding down anyway."

"Gee, I wonder where you're off to."

"Two guesses."

"How long do you plan to keep this thing up? I mean, I'm glad you're happy and you're having fun, but it does seem a little strange."

"What's the strange part, that a separated mother of two from the suburbs is sleeping with two college guys, or that I'm doing them both at the same time?" Mo was all smiles.

"I don't even know where to begin!"

"Tai and Andy are great guys and I think we all understand that it's all about fun. It's not like any of us think this is a relationship. I was married for eight years, I don't want a relationship, but I do want to have fun and having two young studs at my disposal is definitely fun. Sometimes it's more fun than I can handle. You have no idea what all that attention is like."

Actually, Katy did have an idea, although that had been a long time ago and after keeping the secret for fourteen years she wasn't about to spill it now. "As long as everyone is safe and happy that's all that matters. But just think of what the other moms in the PTA would say!"

"Those uptight bitches would be jealous if they had any sense."

"Watch it, you used to be one of those uptight bitches."

"Too true." Both women laughed and toasted again.

The boys were there to pick Mo up in twenty minutes, which meant they'd already been on the way when she got their first message. Katy went outside to meet them with Mo, since she planned on leaving when her friend did. When they saw Katy they rolled down the windows on their SUV and called out to her.

"Hey, why haven't you come around, Katy?" Andy shouted from the passenger seat. "I know Mike would love to see you." He was a tall, lanky kid with floppy hair.

"Yeah, why don't you come with us? We can get Mike on the phone and get him to meet up with us somewhere." Tai added. He was a tall, broad black kid in his early twenties with a smooth, shiny head.

"Sorry guys, but I need to get home to my husband." Katy answered.

"Eh, that doesn't sound like fun. You'd have much more fun with us," Tai said.

"Even if we don't find Mike, the four of us could have fun."

"That sounds great guys, but I don't want to cut in on Mo's action."

"I've always had a fantasy about sisters." Andy said. Although the women weren't sisters, with their fair coloring, freckles, and auburn hair they'd always been mistaken as such. 

"Sorry, guys, but Katy's got to go home, so you'll have to find another way to fulfill your fantasies." Mo said.

"Well, I do have a couple new ideas," Andy said as Mo climbed into the vehicle.

"If you change your mind hon, you know where to find us." Tai said before the three of them pulled away.

Seeing the boys again brought back all the memories of that night and although she tried, Katy just couldn't keep it off her mind as she drove home. She recalled coming out of the bathroom after fucking Mike to find Mo in the other bedroom, sandwiched between Andy and Tai. She stood in the doorway and watched, unable to tear her attention away and then Mike had found her there and pulled up her skirt. He made her cum for the fourth and final time that night while she watched her friend. Katy couldn't remember the last time she'd had so many orgasms in so short a time. Just thinking about it was making her hot and she hoped that Brian's friends didn't stay too late so she could drag him up to their bedroom.

When she arrived at home, Katy saw that while the guys' cars were still there, her husband's work van was not. Going inside Katy found the guys sitting around the collapsible poker table in the living room, but Brian's seat was empty. She was hit with a cloud of cigar smoke, which pissed Katy off since she'd told her husband to keep those things outside.

"Hey guys, where's Brian?" She asked.

"He got an emergency call, something about broken pipes and a flooding basement. He didn't go into any details before he ran out the door." Gerry said. He was facing the front door and was the first one to see Katy come in. He was also one of three of the guys puffing away on a stogie. 

"But he said we didn't have to stop playing. He said to make ourselves at home, though he didn't think he'd be back for quite some time," Max said, looking back over his shoulder, sweeping his ice blue eyes over Katy as she took her coat off and hung it up in the closet.

"Sure, you guys are always welcome," Katy said, only half-lying. Brian's friends were always welcome, but she was disappointed he wasn't home because she was horny as hell and didn't feel like entertaining. She was especially wary of Max Donato as he'd always relentlessly flirted with her and even tried to play grab-ass when he thought he could get away with it. Katy knew he was just being a guy, and thought he was kind of cute, so she'd always played along as long as he didn't go too far. But if he knew how she was feeling at the moment he might be tempted to push his luck.

"You look hot tonight, babe. What's the occasion?" Max asked.

"A girl can't just get dressed up for no reason?" She cocked her hip and put a hand on it, fixing Max with a playful glare. "Actually, I was at a beef and beer with Mo."

"Well, I bet you were the hottest thing there," Den Buckley said. He liked to flirt like Max, but he never went beyond words, he was too nice a guy to try and grope someone else's wife. Besides, his wife would kill him if she found out.  

"Better watch what you say, Den, your wife was there too." Katy joked.

"It's okay, we all know you're hotter than Den's wife," Jeff added. "No offense, Den."

"Why would that offend me?" Den replied, throwing popcorn across the table at his friend.

"Don't make too much of a mess guys, since I'll be the one stuck cleaning it up."

"That's an incentive to be messy. I don't think I'm alone in wanting to see you on your hands and knees with a dustpan in that skirt." Jeff said.

"I'll take that as a compliment," Katy laughed. She could tell the guys were lit and therefore were going to be in top form. She could either hide upstairs or join in the fun. She went through to the kitchen and fetched herself a beer. "Do you guys need anything while I'm in here?"

"A beer would be great," Den called out and Gerry added that he could use one too. 

"I'll let you know what I need when you come back out." Jeff said.

"Let's hear you say that when Brian's around," Katy said, coming out of the kitchen with three bottles of beer.

"If I had a wife I'd expect him to say the same thing. I'd be insulted if he didn't!" Jeff laughed.

"Like there's a woman who'd put up with you," Den said.

"I can think of a really good reason a woman would put up with me," Jeff replied, grabbing his crotch.

"Do tell," Katy said.

"Gentleman please, there's a lady present," Max said with mock seriousness.

"It's okay, Jeff's just telling me he's a big prick." Katy said sweetly, which brought a hearty laugh from all the guys.

As Katy bent down to hand Gerry his beer she caught him looking right down the V-neck of her red, clingy sweater. She paused, wondering just how long he would continue to stare and Gerry kept right on looking. "Enjoying the view?" Katy asked.

"Uh, yeah, it's great," said Gerry, who at least had the grace to appear embarrassed at getting caught.

Katy turned to hand Den his beer and when she made sure not to lean into him he complained, "What, I don't get the same show Gerry did?"

"You guys are all pigs," Katy said with a sigh, but she did bend over, giving Den a perfect look down her sweater. She was wearing a lacy red bra with skinny, double linguini straps that connected with tiny bows. It was one of Katy's favorite bras and she was glad she was wearing something nice if she was going to be showing it off. Den took a five from the pile of money in front of him and before she could react, he stuffed it down Katy's sweater. "Hey!" She objected, but she took the bill out of her sweater and kept it.

"Sorry, but I always tip the waitresses at the casinos."

"Not like that, you don't. Besides, I hope you guys don't think I'm here to serve you."

"It makes the card came a lot more fun," Max interjected.

"Maybe I'd better go upstairs and change before your heads explode."

"No," the guys shouted as a chorus. "Just hang out for a while," Max added.

Katy pretended to think it over and said, "Okay, but you guys have to behave yourselves."

She sat on the arm of the couch, being careful to pull her skirt down, and watched the guys play for a while. Once they got back into their game there were fewer comments directed her way as they concentrated on their hands. Gerry was the biggest winner so far as the pile of money in front of him was the largest. It appeared to Katy that the guys were mostly playing with ones and fives. They weren't high stakes players. Max was in second place, followed by Jeff and it seemed that Den was in danger of going out of the game at any moment, but he played his game wisely, folding when he knew he had no chance. Jeff won the next couple hands and the pile of money in front of Gerry shrank. Max seemed to be the savviest player of all, knowing just how to bluff his friends and strike for big money when he could. Katy knew enough about poker to follow along with the action, although she wasn't much of a player.

Jeff drained his beer and asked Katy to get him another one. She decided to be a good hostess and get it for him without arguing, although she regretted it when she brought him out the beer and he didn't take it from her until she leaned as she did for Gerry and Den. He offered her a single, but instead of letting him put it down her sweater she offered him the waist of her skirt, figuring there was less chance of trouble that way. After that Katy found herself serving all the guys as they needed fresh beers and she got into teasing them. She liked the fact that she had them squirming in their seats and after all, it wasn't fair that she was the only person there who was horny. She was also making pretty good tips.

But the guys didn't leave well enough alone. Jeff "accidentally" swept some of his money on the floor and asked Katy if she'd pick it up for him. She shot him a look, but then walked over, with an extra switch in her hips, and turned her back to him, bending at the waist to pick up the spilled money. Katy had a world-class ass and Jeff got a great view of it in the tight denim skirt she wore. It was above the knee and rode up in the back when she bent over. The denim clung to those two juicy globes, which were practically in his face. As an added benefit, Max got the best look down the front of her sweater of the night, seeing her 36c's straining against her bra.

Katy was the beneficiary of excellent genes, since she did virtually nothing to keep herself in shape. Her stomach was flat and her freckle-dusted breasts firm. Her ass looked incredible in jeans, a fact that didn't escape her attention. While not a Playboy model, Katy knew she had a great body and didn't mind showing it off, within reason, of course.

When Katy felt Jeff's hand on her ass she straightened right up and spun on him. "Now that's just playing dirty."

"It's the only way I know how to play." He smiled. 

She grabbed his face with her free hand and leaned in close. "I should give you a spanking for that, but I'll let it slide this time," then she blew him a kiss.

Den took a pull from his beer and said, "If I misbehave, please don't let it slide."

"You don't have enough money in front of you for that," Katy laughed and dumped the money she'd picked up off the floor all over Jeff.

"Why don't you jump in the game, Katy?" Max asked. "Maybe you can win back some of the money Brian lost before he had to leave."

"I don't think I'd be winning any money back. You guys would eat me alive."

Max gave her a wolfish grin.

"We promise to take it easy on you." Gerry said. 

Katy thought about it and decided to give it a shot. She had some money in her purse, plus what the guys had given her. She didn't think she'd win, but she was having a good time hanging around with the guys. She got her money and took Brian's vacant seat. They were playing Texas Hold Em and the guys gave Katy a quick lesson on how to play and bet. The first couple hands she folded right away, but she stayed in on the next and lost. After that, however, she won several hands in a row. She suspected the guys were taking it easy on her, but if they were willing to part with their money she wasn't going to complain. After an hour of play Katy had won a mix of hands and grown more confident. It was after midnight and she was beginning to wonder when Brian would be back. She was still horny as hell and hoped he wouldn't be too tired to make love when he got back from working.

The phone rang and Katy took a break, going into the kitchen to answer it. It was her husband. "Hi honey, where are you?"

"I'm at one of those big micromansions in the Lincoln Fields development. The good news I'm charging them out the ass for being out here. The bad news is that I'm getting the feeling I'm going to be here all night. Pipes broke, the basement flooded, and the sump pump isn't working."

"Let them swim in their basement. I want you to come home." Katy pouted.

"Really? Why are you so eager to have me home?"

"If you're going to stay out and work, you're not going to find out."

"Aww, that's no fair. You looked great when you left tonight. You know I love those boots." She was wearing knee-high black boots with a three-inch-plus heel and knew they were her husband's favorite. They made the Katy the perfect height for Brian to line up and... Well, at the moment she didn't want to think about it. "I was looking forward to you coming home," he said.

"Oh well, too bad for you. The guys are still here, maybe one of them would like to take your place."

"I can hear them in the background. I'm sure all of them would like to take my place. Especially Max."

Right on cue, Max came into the kitchen to get another beer. "Is that Brian?" He asked.

"Yes, he's still stuck working."

"Brian," Max said, knowing his friend would be able to hear him, "I'll put Katy to bed for you, if you'd like."

"Yeah, tell him to stay out of my bedroom." Brian laughed.

"He says the bedroom is a no fly zone," Katy conveyed. 

"How about the kitchen?" Max asked, making a mock grab at her ass.

"I hope the guys aren't being too rowdy. I told them they could finish the game, but feel free to kick them out whenever you're ready," Brian said.

"It's fine. We're having a good time, they're showing me how to play poker."

"Don't let them steal all your money. You can't trust those guys."

"Don't worry, I've got them all right where I want them," Katy told her husband and stuck her tongue out at Max.

"Well, let me get back to work. I'll be home whenever I'm finished, but it could be sun-up. Love ya, babe."

"Love you too," Katy said and cradled the cordless phone.
