 Fat Tuesday Flirt III: Flashback

All through dinner her brother kept asking if everything was all right, but Katy told him she was fine. It wasn't true, but the truth wasn't the sort of thing you told your brother. Instead she put on a smile and drank more and more wine. It seemed that anesthetizing herself with beer or wine was the only thing that took the edge off these days. Katy had a good relationship with her brother and she could tell him almost anything, but her problem was well into the "almost" territory.

In the parking lot he asked if she was okay to drive and Katy assured him she was, but in truth she was feeling wobbly on her feet and knew she didn't belong behind the wheel. It wasn't lost on her that lying was becoming a way of life anymore and falsehoods rolled off her tongue as easily as the truth. She got into her car and started the engine, but as soon as her brother was out of sight she shut the car off. Staring out the windshield, Katy realized that her not wanting to drive home wasn't entirely about being drunk. She just didn't want to be alone. Her husband was away at a baseball tournament with his team and that was what worried her. It wasn't that she feared what he was up to, but what he might find out.

It had been a month since Katy came home to find four of her husband's friends, guys he played baseball with on an amateur team, playing poker in their living room. Brian had been playing too, but he'd had an emergency call for work and left his friends there. Katy was buzzed and rather than just go up to bed she'd joined the boys for poker. She'd always had fun hanging out and flirting with Brian's friends in the past. Unfortunately, she had too much fun that night. After Katy ran out of money, the boys started asking her questions every time she lost a hand and things progressed from there. Before they'd left, Katy had fucked every one of the guys at least once and one of them, Max, again when they were alone.

Yes, even while she was busy with those four men Katy knew what she was doing was wrong, but at the time she did not care. All she cared about was the next orgasm and pleasing the four men who seemed to control her. Their lust for her was like a powerful drug and Katy could not resist. It was something she hadn't felt in so many years. Afterward she was ashamed and humiliated. Katy came close to confessing to Brian so many times, but couldn't do it. Not only would it ruin their lives together, how would her husband feel knowing that his closest friends had fucked his wife like paid whore? That was how Katy convinced herself to stay silent. She would make it up to Brian by being the best wife should could going forward.

Once Katy decided to stay silent about her impromptu orgy, she became petrified that one of the guys was going to spill the secret. Three of the guys were married, which Katy knew gave them incentive to stay quiet, but the one who wasn't, Jeff, was also the biggest asshole of the group. Every time Brian went to a game, or spent time with his friends, Katy was frightened that her husband was going to come home and tell her what a slut she was and that he was leaving. But it hadn't happened yet. This weekend, however, was the guys' first tournament away from home and Katy knew a lot of beer would be consumed and maybe Jeff's lips would be loosened. She could only hope peer pressure would keep Jeff's mouth shut.

Mind churning with negative thoughts, Katy took the keys from the ignition and walked back into the restaurant, taking a seat at the bar. She ordered a glass of wine and found her cell phone in her purse.

"Hey girlfriend, what's up?" Mo said, answering on the last ring before the call went to voicemail. 

"Nothing. I was just wondering if you have the kids this weekend. I'm out and thought maybe you could meet me for a drink."

"I don't have the kids, but I sort of have plans. What's going on? You sound strange."

"Do I even need to ask what those plans are?" Katy asked. If Mo didn't have her kids, Katy knew that her old friend would be meeting her two young lovers. Mo had been seeing the guys for several months now, since meeting them on Fat Tuesday. It was strange, but out of all her friends, Katy would have never picked the recently separated Mo to be out on the edge of sexual behavior, but then would anyone who knew Katy have thought she was capable of the things she'd done?

"I'm supposed to meet up with Tai and Andy, but I can put them off."

"I don't want to ruin your night, but I really do need someone to talk to."

"You won't be ruining my night, there will be plenty of time for the boys later."

"I'm at McGinty's."

It took Mo about twenty minutes to arrive and in that time Katy finished her glass of wine and ordered a second.  As soon as Katy saw her friend she knew she'd interrupted an evening of planned debauchery. It was amazing how just a couple months had changed Mo.  Before she'd met the boys, she'd been a very typical single mom in her early thirties coming to grips with the fact that her husband left her for a younger woman. She'd put on a little weight after two children and didn't pay much attention to her appearance. Now she walked into the bar with a confident stride. Katy thought her friend had lost at least ten pounds and it showed in her sexy outfit. Mo was wearing a pink top with a low-cut scoop neck to show off her voluminous cleavage and a black bra underneath that showed through. A black leather skirt, fishnets and heels completed the vampy look. Mo's cute, round freckled face was at odds with the outfit, but she looked good. With her auburn hair and freckles, Mo had always been mistaken for Katy's sister, something both women found amusing.

"Look at you," Katy commented as her friend ordered a beer. "I'm sure the boys will be very pleased."

"I hope so. I'm still not quite used to going in public like this."

"You look great."

"So tell me what's going on. Are you having problems with Brian?" Mo studied Katy's face. "You didn't tell him about Fat Tuesday, did you?"

"No, I would never. That was just one night. I shouldn't have been with Mike, but it's not I am ever going to see him again and telling Brian would just hurt him."

"I agree. All of you married gals were up to no good that night. If it's not that, what is it?"

Katy sighed deeply and said, "God, I don't know where to begin. Over the past couple months I swear everything has changed. I don't know who I am anymore. I know it all started with Fat Tuesday and screwing Mike. It's like it unlocked something."

"What are you getting at, hon? What's changed?"

Katy couldn't meet her friend's eyes, but then if anyone could understand what happened that night with Brian's friends wouldn't it Mo, who was having threesomes on a regular basis? She leaned in close to Mo and in hushed tones told her all about the night she fucked her husband's poker buddies. Katy didn't leave out any details, even sharing that she fucked Max again after the others had left. Although she tried to keep her face neutral, Mo's shock still showed. When Katy finished her story she sat silently, waiting to hear what her friend had to say. Her pale, freckled face was bright red and not just from the wine.

"Ahhhh…okay. Wow, I'm not sure what to say. I guess I understand how things can get out of control, but with Brian's friends? Aren't you afraid he's going to find out?"

"That's why I'm so freaked out, aside from actually doing it, I mean. He's away with all those guys this weekend."

"I can see why you're so panicked. Are things bad with Brian? You guys have been together so long I didn't think anything could break you up."

"I don't want to be broken up. At least, I don't think I do. But we have been together for a long time and while things aren't bad, they're kind of stagnant. I've been with him since I was nineteen. But you know before him I wasn't always so good. That night when we met the guys and they were hitting on us, the attention felt really good. And the way they looked at us when we flashed them. It's been a long time since I let a man look at me like that and I'd forgotten how much I liked it. And now I can't forget. Brian's friends looked at me like that and I just lost control. I wanted them to want me. It was like a drug."

"I know when we were kids you liked the attention and you were with your fair share of guys before Brian, but you must be hitting your sexual peak, because it didn't make you do crazy things back then."

Katy just stared at Mo.

"Did it? You never told me you did any crazy shit before."

"Oh God, now it all comes out doesn't it? Like I said, it's been a long time, but right before I met Brian I found out I had this wild streak."

"Spill it, Katy."

"I guess I've been holding onto this secret long enough. If you know about Brian's friends you may as well know this story too."

+++

It was the summer before I met Brian, when I was eighteen. It was the last summer I was a lifeguard at that pool. I'd been there for three summers with the mostly the same people, but that season a bunch of them moved on so we got some new blood in. We girls were excited to see who would be working with us that summer because cute guys around the pool were a fringe benefit of the job. So much hooking up went on among the lifeguards I swear by the end of every summer it was like an incestuous mess. At our orientation meeting at the start of the season was the first time I saw Zack.

I don't think any boy had ever affected me like that. As soon as I saw Zack my heart just about stopped. I remember my palms got all sweaty and I wanted to go up and introduce myself, but I didn't know what to say. He was so gorgeous. He had that shaggy blonde hair and those blue eyes, like the ocean. Zack looked like he just stepped off the beach in California. If you can remember that far back I probably told you I had a crush on him, but I know I didn't tell you what happened. I never told anybody.

We went around the room and introduced ourselves and when it was my turn Zack looked at me and I melted right on the spot. I hoped he'd come over to me after the meeting, but he left with this other new guy, Barry. In the first three weeks we only shared one shift and although we chatted a little he didn't show any interest at all. I know it's a cliché, but yeah, that made me want him more and I'll admit that once I decided I had to have him I was pretty shameless about it. If you'd seen the way Zack filled out those red swim trunks, it would've made you crazy too. 

Anyway, after that I made sure I dropped by the pool whenever I knew he was working and I made sure I always looked good. He was always cool, but he never made a pass or did anything to show I was getting through to him. I didn't think any guy was that dense. I was beginning to think I was just going to have to strip in front of him. Just as I reached the boiling point Zack finally made a move.

I traded shifts so I could work a Friday night with him. There were always two guards on at any time. The pool closed at ten and it usually took another hour or so to close things up. Although it was getting chilly and I normally would have put on shorts and a sweatshirt, I stayed in my bathing suit the whole night hoping Zack would take notice. Our one-piece suits weren't cut like Baywatch swimsuits, but I did mine justice. My nipples were rock hard from the chill and there was no way Zack couldn't see that, but I didn't so much as catch him sneak a peek. But then right before I went into the changing room to slip into my clothes he asked what I was doing after work.

"Nothing special. I was just going to meet friends," I replied, trying to sound nonchalant was possible. "What are you up to?"

"Nothing, y'know. I was just going to hang. You wanna hang? We could grab something to drink."

"Yeah, that might be cool. Just let me get changed." I felt like such a dork trying to act so cool.

Knowing I was working with Zack I remember I packed my favorite stonewashed jeans, the kind with the button fly, and this green bodysuit that buttoned up the front. God, that outfit was so 80's, but I loved the way my ass looked in those jeans and that bodysuit was so tight. I walked out of that changing room ready to spring my trap.

I usually bussed it to work or caught a ride, so it was easy enough to just ride with Zack. He had one of those big Ford Broncos. We tried to go to a bar, but I got carded. He was twenty-one, so he just went in, bought a couple of six packs, and we went to the park and sat on his tailgate with the radio playing. It was almost midnight and there wasn't anyone around, except for a few other people parking. 

I don't remember what we talked about, but it was boring small talk. I was working my way through a six-pack because I was determined to make a move if he didn't. I remember thinking that as soon as I finished that beer I was going to do something and I edged closer to Zack. I gripped the tailgate tightly and he put his hand over mine. 

"You think I haven't been paying any attention to you, don't you?" Zack said, his blue eyes cutting right through me. He'd never looked at me like that, no one had ever looked at me like that, and my stomach got tight. I was tongue tied when I tried to answer so he went on.

"Thing is, Katy, I noticed you that first day at the meeting, but I knew you wanted me to notice you, so I stayed cool."

"Why haven't you said anything?" I asked and immediately regretted it. I realized he was probably letting me down easy.

"Because that's no fun."

I know I got all red, because I always flush when I get angry. "You've been playing games with me?"

"It's all games, Katy. If you wanted to go out with me, you could have just said something, but you didn't. You tried to make me come to you."

He was right, but I was still angry. I hopped off the tailgate and whirled to face him. "I don't chase guys."

"You can't always have all the power, Katy." Zack said with a cocky smile.

I jabbed a finger at him and was about to tell him off when he grabbed my wrist and pulled me into him, between his legs. He muffled my curses by mashing his lips over mine. At first I fought the kiss, but he was so strong and his lips were so soft. Besides, he was right about everything and he was doing what I wanted. Or right about everything except me not having all the power, or so I believed.

Zack moved forward and squeezing my ass, pulled he against him. I could feel him, hard in his jeans, and he felt huge. He didn't have to pull anymore, because I ground into him. My hair was up in a ponytail and Zack used it to pull my head back so he could nibble on my neck. That sent chills down my spine, which heated me up between my legs. My arms were around him and I ruffled his thick hair, but then I pushed a hand between us so I could get a good feel for him. He let me grab him through his jeans in my grip he felt even bigger. My breath caught in my throat.

"You like what you feel, don't you?" He was groping my breasts, but the padding in my bra kept him from feeling just how hard my nipples were. I didn't know what it was, but I was getting so excited so quickly. He'd really barely touched me and I was already wet. I felt like putty in Zack's hands and it was so weird because usually guys were so eager to get into my pants that I was in the driver's seat. I tried to pull his mouth back to mine, but instead of a full kiss he kept giving me little pecks on the lips. I wanted to kiss him, to attack him, and it was so frustrating that he seemed to be holding back. But oddly, the more he held back, the more I wanted him. I didn't realize it, but he was taking complete control.

Plucking open the buttons, Zack pushed his hand inside my bodysuit and grasped my breast. He pinched hard enough that I could feel it through the padding and I moaned, pushing into his hand. I still tried to kiss him, more desperately now, and with a chuckle he finally met my lips, fluidly sliding his tongue into my mouth while I sucked on it. Zack wrested his hand inside my bra and his touch on my bare skin was scorching. He dragged his fingers across my nipple and it felt so good I shook. Of course Zack picked up on that and he teased my nipple mercilessly until I had to tear my mouth from his to gasp for air. I laid my forehead against his and bit my lip, but it didn't quiet my moans. Just playing with that sensitive little nub he had control of my whole body. He kissed down my throat and chest and nuzzled my cleavage. I was aching for him and reached back and unsnapped my bra through my bodysuit.

Taking full control, Zack had me on my back in the Bronco with my legs dangling from the tailgate and the bodysuit around my waist. My bra was gone and the rug in the cargo area was rough on my back. He was moving back and forth, licking and sucking my breasts, nibbling on my nipples, and I was just rolling my head back and forth and moaning. I wanted to get my hands on him again, but his crotch was out of reach. I grabbed his t-shirt and pulled it over his head so at least I wasn't the only one topless and that boy did look good without a shirt on.

"Scooch up," Zack directed and I moved backward so I was all the way inside the truck. The backseats were already down, so there was plenty of room. Zack crawled into the back of the truck beside me and fell on me like a starving man. He was all over my chest again and now I could reach his package. I rubbed him through his jeans and felt it twitch and decided I just had to see it. At that point I don't think I planned on fucking him, I'd never had a one night stand, but I wanted to see and feel his cock. But Zack sidetracked me by gripping me hard through my jeans. It almost hurt, but he forced the seam into my pussy and I cried out, arching my back it felt so good. He worked the heel of his hand against me and had me humping like crazy.

"Wait," I said when he started unbuttoning my jeans. I wanted him like crazy, but I also didn't want to be a slut. My hand was over his, but I didn't stop him from slipping into my jeans and rubbing me. I'd soaked through both my panties and bodysuit.

"You don't want me to stop. I know you want me." He was so serious, like there wasn't an argument.

"But…" I couldn't deny it, but that didn't mean I shouldn't stop him.

"You've wanted this for a long time now and I'm going to make you cum. And then I'm going to fuck you."

No guy ever talked to me like that before. It might sound silly out of context, but it cut right through me. He was looking at me like I was the hottest girl on the planet and I knew that I would do anything to make him want me like that. My brain was buzzing and I answered, "Yeah." 

He put my hand over his cock and said, "Feel how hard you make me? I've been waiting to fuck you for weeks, Katy. It was so hard to wait, but you had to be ready. Take it out and touch it."

In my hands his bare cock was hot and rock hard and the head was all dark. I could only just get my fingers around it and both hands together didn't cover it. It was easily the biggest one I'd seen and I was mesmerized. He just lie on his back and let me play with it, his hands behind his head. Liquid dripped from the slit and I used that to help me jerk him off. Zack was grunting and moaning, telling me what a good job I was doing and how sexy I was. It was playing right into my need, like he knew what I wanted to hear. My jeans were off and my bodysuit unsnapped at the crotch. My flimsy panties were no impediment and he pushed a finger inside me. I moaned and gripped his cock harder. I could hear just how wet I was while he fucked me with that finger. While his finger was busy his thumb found my clit and pinned it down. To that point guys hadn't paid too much attention to my clit and I didn't know how it could feel if a guy really knew what he was doing. 
