 The past week has flown by and I found myself smiling at nothing in particular. Since the disaster when Nicole and Mandy had shown up for dinner, things had gone much smoother. The dinner had been JC's idea, but she didn't seem to handle it very well once they arrived. Both mother and daughter showed up wearing casual clothing and I hadn't noticed anything wrong with what they were wearing, but JC and Shelly seemed upset. It didn't take long for Shelly to make a comment which was met by defensive comments by Nicole. I had to quickly intervene and Nicole decided the best thing to do was leave. I walked Nicole to the door and apologized, but was met by icy silence. 

When I got back to the kitchen, I said to JC and Shelly "What the hell is wrong with you both? They were trying to be nice."

"They were trying for more than that. Did you see what they were wearing?" Shelly answered.

"I didn't notice anything", I replied. I was a bit pissed and embarrassed about what happened. "They were dressed in exactly the type of clothing you wear."

"Exactly. Why would they wear stuff like that unless they were trying to squeeze in?"

"Are you kidding? They came over because Mandy felt guilty about what happened. As far as I can tell, they were being nice and there was nothing wrong with it. Besides, it's not your decision, Shelly. It's between me and JC." I turned to JC and asked "Did you have a problem with them? You're the one that invited them over."

"Yes, but I could have handled it. Don't be mad at her. She was just protecting me."

"Then you should have stepped up and said something to Shelly. Mandy was in tears the other day because of what happened and I'm sure she's feeling just great right now." I turned and walked out the door. Well, limped out the door. I didn't really know where I was going, but I didn't get far before JC caught up to me.

"Don't leave. You're right and I'll try and make things right. I was OK with it, but then Shelly started getting things into my head and I got scared." She was starting to tear up now. "Please, I'll apologize and invite them back."

I took her in my arms and kissed her. "There's nothing to be scared of. I'm not going anywhere. You're going to have to believe me or this isn't going to work."

I guess I handled things well enough to convince JC that I was truly hers and I was rewarded daily. The one problem that persisted was Shelly. I had the feeling JC was starting to have different feelings about asking Shelly along. Not that she was in our way, but JC wanted to spend a lot of one on one time with me and Shelly made it difficult. That is till they went out Friday night and found someone for Shelly to play with. By the time they had gotten home that night I was already asleep in bed. 

I was woken by a very drunk and very horny JC and her amazing oral skills. When she realized I was awake, she wasted no time sinking her extremely wet pussy down my cock and fucked herself to a quick orgasm. Then the fun began. She rolled off of me and pulled me on top of her. I quickly moved back inside of her and fucked her hard causing another quick orgasm followed by yet another. After this third one, she slowed me down and we kissed and touched each other with my hard dick still inside her. 

Moments later I heard Shelly moaning in the room next to us. I looked at JC and asked "Do you want to invite her in?" 

"No, she's got her own company." I looked down at JC and she just smiled at me. "She met herself a guy that hopefully will be able to keep her occupied. So, now you're all mine." I had to admit, I was slightly disappointed, but at the same time excited. I really did care about JC and now we could just concentrate on each other. We fucked till dawn competing with Shelly and her man for who would be the loudest. 

It worked out perfectly for the next several days. JC and I were pretty much alone and used the time to get acquainted on just about every piece of furniture and in every room of the suite. Plus in a few places not in the suite. JC also seemed intent on keeping me on edge all the time. If we weren't having sex, she was walking around in the skimpiest bikinis on earth. She seemed to really enjoy making my eyes bug out as she paraded around in next to nothing, not that I'm complaining. She is easily the sexiest creature I've ever laid eyes on and she proves it every moment. 

Somehow, her body keeps getting better and better. When we first met she was incredible. She is tall and athletic with large tits and a tight ass. She's been running every day since I just about attacked her after that first time last week. She claims her ex-fiancé didn't appreciate her body, so she didn't really take care of herself like she should have. Now she has a reason so she's going to make sure she does what she needs to do. Since I couldn't run, I took up swimming to keep up with her and it's a good thing I did. With her self-confidence getting better, she's really starting to spice things up between us. 

It's now late afternoon and the girls are still out, so I decide to head back to the suite and cool off. I open the door and stop. Standing in the middle of the room is Nicole and she's wearing one of my shirts. 

"Hi Johnny. Nice to see you." I can't actually remember how to speak. There are a lot of things going through my head, but none of them seem to be able to reach my tongue. I finally figure out how my mouth works again.

"What the hell are you doing here?" 

"I wanted to see how you're ankle is doing."

"It's fine. You better leave before JC gets back. She'll probably kill me if she finds you here."

"Relax. It's fine. I invited her here." It took me about five seconds to realize it wasn't Nicole speaking. I step further into the room and saw JC sitting on the couch wearing another of my shirts. Again my brain and mouth don't seem to be able to connect.

"While Shelly and I were shopping we ran into Nicole. She tried to duck out of the store, but I caught up to her. I felt horrible about the way I acted at dinner and apologized. She told me it was no big deal and tried to leave, but I convinced her to have lunch with me so that I could really apologize and we connected."

Nicole just stood there quietly while JC spoke. I looked back at Nicole, then to JC. "What do you mean connected?" I stepped further into the room and shut the door. 

Nicole answered. "JC explained about how she was feeling and I did the same. When Mandy and I came for dinner, I had no intention of anything but dinner and some fun. JC then told me about her ex-fiancé and how he treated her. I told her about my ex-husband and what he did and how I'd never get between a woman and her man. But also that I was really lonely since I spent all my time taking care of my kids. That's how we connected."

JC continued. "The only difference between Nicole and me is that she had kids to think of. I'm able to move on because I can take care of myself. I explained how you've helped me so much that I'm starting to feel as good as before. Nicole has never had that chance and now with her kids going away to school, she feels like she's going to be alone. I couldn't let that happen so I invited her here. We saw you on the beach and came up here to wait for you."

"OK, so what exactly is supposed to happen now?"

"Nothing. I spilled some wine on her dress and gave her your shirt to wear." It was only then that I noticed they each had a glass of wine. "I invited her for dinner and she accepted. Mandy and Matt were going out with some friends that they made and she was alone. Now she's not. Go shower and we'll pick a place to eat."

"Why not just eat here? I can make us something", I said.

"Nah, let's go out. Nicole can probably wear one of my dresses, although it may be a little tight around the chest." That's actually what I was afraid of. Nicole is every bit as amazing as JC, only about ten year's older and bigger tits. JC's dresses fit her snugly, so I hated to imagine what they would look like on Nicole. 

"OK, let me shower. I'll be ready in about fifteen minutes." I went back to my room and shut the door. I shook my head wondering what JC was up to. I had the feeling there was more to this then met the eye. I had just turned on the water when the bathroom door opened. JC stepped in and sat on the counter just staring at me.

"Tell me you don't want to fuck her and I'll ask her to leave."

"Excuse me?"

"You heard me. Tell me you aren't interested in fucking Nicole."

"I'm not."

"Liar." But she was smiling when she said it. "I want to fuck her which by default means you want to as well. And you know it."

I just waited for the explosion but it never came. "OK, so maybe I do. What guy wouldn't? But that doesn't mean that I will."

"Sure you will. Probably tonight after dinner. And I'm going to be there with you when you do."

"Are you messing with me? Some sort of test?"

"No test and I'm not messing with you. You're mine and I'm yours. I have no doubt about that anymore. I've known it for the past week. When we get home, I'm heading to my place and packing my stuff. The only question is do I get my own closet or do I have to share?"

"Share unless you keep your stuff in the spare room. The master closet is not even half full, so you'll have plenty of room. And I can bring in an extra dresser for your stuff. Now what's the game plan?"

"We're going to seduce Nicole, bring her back here and fuck her into a coma. She says she hasn't gotten laid in almost eight years since her divorce and that's going to end tonight. Did you know her kids are going to be in school near us? She's thinking of moving to the area and maybe we can make her feel at home. You did a great job with me."

"You're crazy, you know that?"

"I'm in love and want to make her feel the same way. Maybe not with you, but at least it can be a start."

"Why are you doing this?"

JC sat there for a few minutes before answering. When she finally did, she had tears in her eyes. "Because I know how she feels. She gave up everything to be with the man she loved. She raised their kids, took care of the house and gave up her career to do it. I was heading down the same road, only without the kids yet. Maybe I got lucky and got out before it was too late. She's lost ten years because of an asshole. Now her whole reason for life is about to move on without her and she has no one. If she feels like I did after Tony screwed me over, then I want to help her get back on her feet."

"And you're not worried about her getting between us?" JC stood up, walked over to me, wrapped her arms around my neck and gave me a hot, passionate kiss. My knees actually got weak and my dick hard. Then she let go and walked out of the bathroom. Before the door shut she turned to me and said "Not even in the slightest." Then she shut the door.

I stood still for several minutes and realized she was right. Nothing and nobody would come between us. I showered, shaved and got dressed in about twenty minutes. When I stepped out of the room the girls were sitting at the kitchen counter wearing casual dresses. JC blew my mind as usual but Nicole was equally as amazing. I was right about the dress on Nicole. Her huge tits were threatening to burst the seams. They let me stare for a few minutes till I saw Nicole start to blush and then she quickly finished her wine, stood and walked to the door. JC and I followed, my eyes glued to Nicole's ass. 

JC gave me a quick kiss as we walked to Nicole's car. Ten minutes later we were walking a local restaurant with a girl on each of my arms. Every head in the place turned to look at us. At that moment I felt like Hugh Hefner. I was half afraid I was going to trip and fall on my face, but we made it safely to our table. The girls ordered a bottle of wine while I had a martini. Nobody said anything for a while till Nicole finally spoke.

"So, how's your ankle?"

"It's good. The doctor confirmed just a bad sprain, but he recommended more tests when I get home. It feels good though, so I may pass on the other tests."

"I'm glad. Mandy's been asking." She paused for a moment and just stared at me, then at JC. "I'm sorry we didn't check in again, but things were so weird during the dinner I just felt it was better if we stayed away." Her eyes were sad but she managed a small smile.

"It was all my fault, Nicole", JC said. "If I hadn't been such a hag it wouldn't have been an issue. But that's in the past and we're here to have some fun." Nicole gave her a small smile, but I could tell she was still nervous.

"So how are Mandy and Matt?"

"They're good. They met some friends their age and wanted to spend time with them. I guess they're getting too old to hang with mom now." 

"What about you? What have you been up to?" I was trying to change the subject, but was failing horribly.

"Not much. Mostly reading, going out to eat. Nothing exciting." There was no way this beautiful woman was acting like such a loser. All she'd have to do was go out and she'd have men falling all over themselves. I never truly understood woman. Maybe JC was right. A night of fun would do her wonders. 

"Well, you're here with JC and me and we'll make sure you have a good time. I hope you don't have a curfew." Nicole's head jerked up at me and she was staring into my eyes. I stared back and smiled. I fully intended to get her naked tonight and nothing was going to stop it. I saw JC smile and nod her head.

"Johnny's right. You'll have to trust us, but you will have a good time tonight." Nicole looked quickly at JC and then turned back to me. She looked scared at first but then she took a deep breath and smiled. 

"I don't have a curfew, but I'm afraid I'm a bit of an early bird. If it starts to get too late, I may turn into a pumpkin." Her smile was bigger now and she sat back looking more relaxed. I took a quick look down and noticed her nipples were pushing against her dress. I must have stared for a bit because when I looked back into Nicole's eyes, they were smoldering. 

After the girls finished their wine, they headed to the ladies room. I watched the entire room follow their movement as they walked. As soon as they were out of sight, everyone looked at me. The men with envy and the women with either lust or questions in their eyes. I ordered another glass for the girls and an appetizer. When they came back, Nicole looked a little wild-eyed and JC had a huge grin on her face.

"Your girlfriend molested me in the ladies room." I laughed at that, but Nicole didn't seem amused. 

"I should have warned you about her. Sorry about that." But I was still laughing. Finally, Nicole smiled and then laughed. JC was laughing as well. A couple of hours later and several glasses of wine we had finished dinner and were back at the resort. We decided to sit at the pool rather than go to the room. The girls were feeling good, especially Nicole. She had become a lot flirtier as dinner progressed. When the girls got back from another trip to the bathroom she had a slightly disheveled look to her and JC was grinning evilly. 

"You know your girlfriend is a really good kisser. How about you? Are you as good as her?"

JC answered, "He's even better. And you should see what else he can do with his mouth."

"Hmm, maybe I'll find out later." Then both girls started laughing. The ten minute car ride back seemed to calm them down a bit, but when we got to the pool JC sat on my lap and started to kiss me. Nicole took the lounge next to us and watched. I noticed her nipples get hard again and she became very quiet. After a few minutes with JC, JC stood up and said to Nicole "Your turn. You said you wanted to find out how good a kisser he was."

Nicole was quiet for a minute then said "I think I should leave now. I don't want things to get crazy." She stood and started to leave, but JC caught her first.

"Don't leave yet. First, you've had too much to drink. Second, I don't want you to leave yet. Please."

"Why do you want me to stay? You told me yourself that you love him. Why would you want me to have him?"

"I'm not giving Johnny to you. I'm sharing."

"Why? Because you feel sorry for me?"

"Maybe. Your ex-husband screwed you over and you went into a shell. I did the same thing. My grandmother tried to set me up with him for months before tricking me into meeting him. Now I'm happier than I've ever been."

"Look, I'm not some easy tramp that'll sleep with some guy I just met." JC took a step closer but got control of herself.

"I'm not a slut. John's only the fourth guy I've ever been with. What he's shown me is that there are guys who are worth giving yourself to and that are what I've done. I've given myself to him."

Nicole's eyes got big at the anger in JC's voice. She must have realized what she said because she quickly apologized. "I'm sorry JC. I didn't mean to call you a slut. But it's been almost ten years since my husband left me. I don't want to start thinking I may have something only to have it taken away from me. I just can't do it. Like you said, he's your guy, not mine." She started to walk away, but JC ran after her. JC was talking and Nicole was shaking her head. I couldn't hear what was being said, but it didn't seem to be working. Suddenly JC took Nicole's head between her hands and placed a hard kiss directly on Nicole's mouth. At first Nicole resisted, but soon she was kissing JC back. The kiss listed several minutes before JC broke away. She said something else to Nicole and Nicole looked back at me. Then they both walked back.

"Take us upstairs", JC said. I was no dummy. I quickly jumped up and took both their hands and led them to the elevator. Once the doors closed I looked at JC, then Nicole. They were both watching me. JC gave me a slight nod and smiled. Without wasting any time I stepped up to Nicole and kissed her exactly as JC had at the pool. The only difference was there was no resistance from her. Her breath was sweet from the alcohol and her lips were soft. Quickly our tongues began to dance together and I pushed her back against the wall. Before I could do anything else we reached our floor. The doors opened and I took Nicole's hand and led her to the suite. JC had the room keys and while she unlocked the door I kissed Nicole some more.

JC got the door opened and I pulled Nicole into the suite. Just inside the door, I pinned her against the wall and went back to kissing her again. Now my hands were roaming her body until they found her tits. They were much bigger then JC's, but not as big as Shelly. They were soft and I could feel her nipples poking into the palms of my hands. She let out moans as I squeezed them. I broke our kiss and started to kiss down her chin and neck. As I continued to kiss down her body I pulled the material of her dress down below her tits. When my mouth made contact with her nipples she moaned loud and pulled my head tighter to her tit. 

I continued to push the dress down her body to her hips while my mouth moved to her other breast. When I lowered the dress down her legs I found she wasn't wearing any underwear and her mound was shaved except for a small triangle. The dress fell to the floor as I stepped back to admire her. She became self-conscious and tried to cover her up, but I grabbed her hands and held them apart. For a woman in her mid-thirties, her breasts hardly sagged at all. Her tummy was mostly flat and her hips had that sexy flair of childbirth. 

Nicole was just staring at me while I looked at her. I heard JC behind me say "You're gorgeous, Nicole. You have nothing to be ashamed of." Nicole turned towards her, but didn't say anything. I stepped back up to her and started to kiss her again. Nicole unbuttoned my shirt and pushed it off me, but when she reached for my pants, I took her hands and pinned them above her head. I pressed my body against hers and kissed her mouth hard. She was moaning again and she really kissed me back hard. 
