 I stopped swimming through the fluffy blackness of sleep. Yup. Time to wake up.

The black took on a warm, deep tone, changing from the surreal darkness of dreamland to the darkness created by closed eyelids. I lay in that darkness and smiled to myself. Life felt very good. I took a deep breath. 

Whoa. Somebody needs a shower. Or maybe a diligent march through a car wash. I took another sniff. More than the after shocks of hard physical sweat and strain, the air smelled of...sex.

Oh yes. That's right. 

I smiled a lot wider.

With the boss awake and on deck, all departments of my body began reporting in. The brain hustled up with various memos.

My mouth's best guess was that I had eaten a desiccated mummy's toe. That would account for the parched dryness and nasty morning breath. Very thirsty down here, reported the throat. The skin had a lot of ground to cover, but mostly it stated I was apparently lying on a giant frog. Warm only where my body touched it, cold otherwise, but definitely moist and damp. My bladder had its usual demands.

Then my ears reported the toot of a baby elephant. Not a fart, but a snore. My smile freshened up. Linda.

My lovely girlfriend-fuck buddy Linda must be sleeping beside me. Long-limbed, lovely and lean, nobody would believe the sounds she made when asleep. I hadn't had the guts to tell her yet. Instead, I enjoyed the tiny cartoon trumpet breathing beside me.

I had enjoyed a lot of Linda before sleep time.

After an evening of the best housewarming party in history, we found ourselves finally alone. Covered in sweat and other fluids, muscles crying for a time out, we still wanted one more. Sex gluttons? Without a doubt, but this final urge came from a fresh well of intimacy and possibly romance. 

Our lips met and pressed hard together, moving, flexing, kissing. Our tongues slowly, but insistently wrapped around each other, exploring each other's mouths. Our teeth gently caught and held what came in their grasp.

Our hands roved with firm, flexing fingers over hot skin. New sweat welled up over the old, letting palms slide as far as arms could reach. Never losing contact, pulling each other closer and closer for full body contact.

Her sweet, high breasts mashed across my chest, her hardening nipples flicking across my smaller male counterparts. Her flat belly undulated across mine, a pressing curve that went all the way to our groins where she encouraged my tired cock to lift one more time. In the hot, slick vise of our bellies, it pushed back and hardened.

Her sleek, hairless limbs wrestled with my large and hairy legs. Her left on top then slipping under as my right moved to grip both hers when she flexed so her sopping vaginal lips slid the length of my left thigh, ending with her thigh nuzzled against my balls.

We rolled across the tangled mess that was my king size bed, our lips leaving each other to lick and nibble and kiss noses, cheeks, eyes, ears, wherever the building energy sent us. I drove my mouth and face into her nape and Linda moaned all the way up from her cunt.  I rolled over her, burying her slim beauty under my bear bulk. I grunted like a horny grizzly as the long, hot feminine curves writhed and slid under the weight of my body. My tired cock flexed hard and solid again, trapped between us.

She pushed and pulled and I let her flip me on to my back, her straddling me, her pussy dripping into my navel, her back bowed to bring her lips down to mine. Her palms held each side of my head and her black hair cascaded around us. Linda gripped my sides with her thighs and rotated her tight ass over the wiry hairs of my groin. My cock wiped across her buttock cheeks, skipping across the cleft as it flailed right to left to right.

She lifted her face. The ambient city light slipping into the room from the window put a depraved gleam in those black almond eyes. I stared back, determined not to blink first. She panted and flicked her tongue over her lips. She never let go of my head. I never let up sliding my wet palms over her gleaming wet back, reaching from her knees, up her flanks, over her shoulder blades and around to cup her tight little tits, rolling the hard nipples. Linda had sensitive nipples.

Still, Linda paused. The mood teetered on being lost. 

"We need some lube."

The dripping puddle of molten feminine juices skooshing on my stomach would suggest otherwise, but to hear is to obey. I reached out for a bottle. My new lifestyle has me keeping lubrication in stock, but tonight a bottle was literally within arm's reach anywhere. Whether it would have anything left inside...yes. Enough oil sloshed in the bottom for...I suddenly connected the dots. My cock flexed and gave her left buttock a little smack. 

I raised my eyebrows at her. Linda grinned like a naughty little girl and nodded. She lifted off of me and we thrashed in a tangle of laughing, sweaty limbs, bouncing on the thick mattress. 

In seconds Linda had her face on my pillow, her arms braced on either side, her fingers digging into the abused sheets. Her rounded sweet ass rose up into the air. She twisted her head to look at me. Her eyes shone with fear and excitement. She bit her lower lip as I waddled forward on my knees. I raised my left leg to place my foot against the mattress, tweaking the final position. I took the base of my hard-on in my left hand and rubbed the fat cockhead up and down, from her bald, moist pussy lips, across her taint and up to her winking asshole. A perfect position.

I squirted the last of the lube on to my palm and tossed the empty bottle aside. The thick liquid spread cool and startling across my cock, from root to tip. I cupped my palm against Linda's rectum and forced some lubrication inside, quickly followed by my pinky finger carrying it through the rosebud ring. Linda squeaked at the tiny penetration. I let my smallest finger play in the dark interior for a bit, then jumped right to my middle finger. I scooped lube, natural and store bought, and eased deep inside the tight chute. 

Linda's noises had no easy classification. Moans mingled with whimpers. I kept carefully working. If she wanted me to quit, she'd tell me in no uncertain terms.

The big, perfect muscles of her ass flexed and clenched on my intruding finger. I licked my own lips at the sight of her back sinuously writhing before me. I worked my index finger in alongside my middle finger. Linda did a long inhale and then sighed. I stroked my cock with my free left hand, but it didn't need any attention to remain stiff as steel. I rubbed palm across her ass, then gave it a light smack. Then another.

Moans. No mistaking those noises coming from my woman now. Vibrating moans warbled steadily from her throat.

Time for the real deal. I oozed my fingers slowly out of her ass, wiggling them as I withdrew, just to hear the pitch change in Linda's gasps. I shifted a centimeter on my knee and took a grip on her slim hips. The fat plum head of my cock eclipsed the anus, totally blocking it from view. I half-pulled her backwards while pushing with my muscles forwards. My cock head reshaped while it pushed the ring wide.

Linda inhaled in stuttering gasps. Her fists clenched the sheets tight. I pushed with my back muscles. I pulled her with my arms. My cock slid past and in. Linda's head thrashed to the other side and a long warble escaped her, an anal virgin no more.

"Oh, gawd, it's so big. So damn big. It feels...it feels...."

I paused, cock pulsing in the tight, tight sheath, waiting for a last minute change of heart.

"Just don't squat there like a dummy, FUCK ME!"

Grinning like a lunatic, I pushed cautiously, steadily onwards until my curly hairs ground hard into the creamy cheeks. My lubed hands and Linda's sweat-slick skin required I grip her hips with extra force. I did a little rotation move with my hips, stirring my rod in the virgin ass.

"Oh, gawd." Linda gurgled over and over again into the pillow.

I withdrew to the ridge of my cockhead and then plunged back in. The lube worked like a dream. Linda's ass gripped me like the tightest fist but I had no trouble fucking her hard. Even her athletic ass cheeks flexed and bounced like water balloons under the impact of my hips. If Linda wanted me to stop now, she'd have to get really loud and physical, because I was no longer listening. I was grabbing hold and going for one last supreme fuck of the night. Her offer of her rectal cherry was perfect. My balls didn't have much left. Giving Linda her first ever ass fuck gave me the special kinky charge for one last orgasm of the night.

Kink or not, it took effort. My face contorted and my teeth ground together. The muscles from my fingers to my arms to my shoulders and down to my back strained to hold on to the growling, thrashing hellcat beneath me. My lower back and legs bleated with the demands of thrusting into that firm ass like a berserk jackhammer. 

Linda's fingers flailed at her pussy, brushing my cock at random as she went for a fireworks orgasm of her own. Our babbling fuck cries bounced off the walls. Sweat flew in every direction, spraying down the already damp bed.

Fuck, fuck, fuck. Linda abruptly went stone statue still, her back muscles defined in high relief. Her moan went into a single note that rose until only dogs might hear the happy sound. Her ass cheeks clenched so hard that I couldn't budge my cock, but I didn't want to. I only wanted to jam my hard cock so deep my cum shots might fire out her belly button. I clenched her hips and pulled her back, arcing my body and firing into her bowels.

And then we both drooped like sacks of melted wax. Muscles inside and out let go with spent joy.

I had one remaining brain cell active enough to roll my quivering body off to the side so as to not crush Linda. My overworked, slimy, dripping cock wilted to nothing before I hit the pillow.

It made for a great night's sleep. 

The fantastic memory sent the standard request down from my brain to the glands and circuits linked to arousal. My cock essentially replied "Fuck off." and stayed in doughy slumber.

My eyelids flared bright red. I pried them open in a careful, gummy squint. The mid-morning sun had hit just the right angle to reflect off the windows of the apartment complex next door. I had forgotten to close the curtains. My bedroom lit up like center stage under a spotlight. I wiped the sleep gunk out of my eyes and brought a hand up to shield the many faceted glare. What was that on my window? I shifted my head, trying to figure out what was on the glass. Not writing. 

The ever-rotating Earth kept the sunbeams shifting. I lay there serenely patient. Even with the "frog back" dampness, the mattress felt so very comfy and pleasant.

The smudge patterns abruptly clicked into recognition; the top, pinker, blob was lip stick where the glass had been kissed. To the left and right I could now make out smeary palm prints. Between those were a pair of oval blobs that...must be where boobs mashed into the window.

Right. I remember now. I had come in, doing the rounds as a good host, making sure all my guests had a heaping helping of fun. Charmaine, Tabatha and Suzanne filled the bed in a lesbian lick-off daisy chain. At the window, Leslie Ann pressed her lush body and wonderful big jello tits against the glass while Bailey plowed her from behind. She seemed in exhibitionistic nirvana. Or was just enjoying the schlong Bailey threw into her with rough thrusts. What was I thinking? Both, of course.

I had only met Suzanne, a wild, willowy brunette and Bailey of the nine inch hammer, this evening. Leslie Ann and Kyle had brought them as "housewarming presents." Apparently they lived directly below me and were very much into the undercover Avalon Apartments lifestyle. The building managers reckoned I needed to expand my social circle in the building. I could only agree with their reasoning as I watched Suzanne lash Charmaine's wet pussy while spasming under the talented tongue of Tabatha. I had stroked and hefted my hard cock as I feasted my eyes on the squirming triangle of curvaceous female flesh. The squeals and moans muffled by the hot cunts kept stoking my fires hotter and hotter.

It didn't seem polite to barge into such a sweet sapphic effort with a crude male penis. Ironic that they should trigger such steam in the male stride.

No room to join in with Leslie Ann's clawing and fogging of the window glass. Watching that undulating body, I really wanted to squeeze between her and that glass. Bailey looked to know how to work that big schlong with skill. I tried not to be intimidated as I watched his butt muscles flex and leg muscles strain. If I knew him better, I'd be more confident to try and tag team in. Leslie Ann's devotion to sex had led her to develop inner muscles that defied description. My cock gave a new pulse of lightning, demanding to be buried in that succulent cunt. But, the pair's squeals and moans said they had a good thing going and didn't need a buttinski spoiling their rhythm.

I peered past them at the darkness beyond. Only some soft mood lights lit my bedroom, so the neighbours in the building next door shouldn't see the shameless sex on display. But they might. All part of the exhibitionist thrill package. As building manager, Leslie Ann must be pretty smooth by now in acting innocent and deflecting the queries of outraged mundanes about the secret wonders glimpsed in Avalon. As long as nobody called the cops, I suppose...

The bed shifted under me. I snapped back to the bright morning here and now. I turned my head to watch Linda yawn wide and indulge in a mighty stretch. It was a body worth watching when it stretched. I winced in sudden premonition.

"KEERIST!"  Linda squawked in a raspy dry mouth. "Every muscle in my body HURTS!"

I had been holding off on moving as long as I could for this very reason. My bladder and life in general would require movement eventually, but we'd see who caved first.

"Damn! What the hell did you do to me, you degenerate?" She sat in bleary misery, looking down at me with narrow, gummy eyes as she gingerly rotated limbs. The shocked contortions that twisted her fine-boned face when she flexed her thighs made me laugh. I couldn't help myself. She snatched behind her and swung her pillow at me with killing force. My body flexed in involuntarily defense.

"Oh, GAWDDD!" My back muscles screamed like rusty iron. My gut muscles growled like kicked alligators. My arms whined. The big muscles in my legs wailed. I flopped back down, ready to spend the rest of the week motionless. My tongue hurt! Shouting had made my tongue hurt!

Linda's vengeful laugh seemed unfair. "Oh, you should see yourself. You look like something pooped out by a sick buffalo."

"You're just lucky a teacher like you doesn't make a lot of money. Otherwise I'd get a camera and live fat on the blackmail for years." I grinned back at her.

Linda's shoulder-length mane of coal-black hair suffered from terminal bed head. Pillow crushed tangles and wild angles locked in place by cum splash and sweat. What makeup she had had on last night had become a smeary finger painting across her face. Also courtesy of that assorted mix of fluids, no doubt.

Her fingers fluttered about her head, assessing some of the damage. Her dark eyes went wide and she leapt off the bed. This caused another severe intake of breath. She hobbled bowlegged like an old cowboy to the door. Though, old cowboys didn't have such nice jiggly bits.

"What's the rush Tex? It's Saturday."

She rolled her eyes. "I told you three times I'm meeting my parents for lunch. Then my mother and I are going to Nina's baby shower."

"Oh, right. I knew that." 

"And it's going to take a couple of showers to wash the pervert off me."

"I hope we didn't go too far last night."

Linda paused in the doorway, turned, and hobbled back to me. She leaned over and gave me a kiss. She looked down at me with glittering eyes, mouth quirked to the side. "You did. I did. Everyone did. Heaven help me, but I'm totally hooked on going too far." She rubbed a wide palm across my chest and waddled to the bathroom, flexing her ass cheeks jerkily the whole way.

I carefully rolled and sat on the edge of the bed, put my feet on the floor and braced my hands on the bed behind me. The blood resettled up and down my body. Thank goodness I hadn't drunk any booze in quantity. A hangover on top of these aches would be brutal. It hadn't been that kind of party. Unlike the majority of the citizenry, orgy aficionados don't need booze to relax their inhibitions. Their inhibitions had atrophied from disuse long ago. In point of fact, too much alcohol only dulls the senses, slows the reflexes and makes me sleepy. None of those effects are welcome when I want to feel every caress, savour every taste, inhale every scent and keep my beefstick up and active as long as possible.

Enough deep philosophy. I listened to the roaring shower a minute, visualizing Linda's sleek body under the water, the spray and the soap suds sliding down her nipples and off her butt. Hmm-yum.

I looked at my groin and raised an eyebrow. That image had actually prompted a wee spark. Amazing. I would have bet I couldn't get a rise out of my cock for another two weeks. I looked closer and winced. In the bright light flooding the room, my stout feller looked like a pathetic strawberry. I gave him a careful examination. I winced again. Hard evidence of overuse and too much friction. Lucky there weren't blisters.

My knees looked the same way. Two bright red matching rug burns. 

I looked at the doorway to my bedroom, remembering again how three women in loud, cunt-lapping, orgasmic bliss and Leslie Ann threatening to break my window with a sex explosion had made my cock titanium hard. The need for relief had become a painful need.

At that exact moment, Cindy slid up behind me and embraced me from behind, her tall, graceful body molding her curves to my back. Marita's friend and fellow lingerie-bikini model had happened to be in town and been more than welcome. Can an orgy really have too many lingerie-bikini models? I think not.

Cindy licked my ear and draped her arms around my shoulders. Her long fingers toyed with my chest hair. Of all the women present, only Cindy stood nearly at my height. A rare compatibility. Her rubber bullet nipples pressed into my shoulder blades. She pushed a warm, wet, hairless cunt into my left ass cheek.

"I haven't fucked the host yet. It seems rude of me."

I turned in her embrace to face those molten chocolate eyes and that wicked dimpling smile. Cindy's eyebrows rose as she read the lust in my expression and her smile became a savage grin. 

It felt nice to not have to bend unduly to ravish that long neck. My tongue dipped into the hollow of her collar bone and then lashed its way up the muscle to her jaw. The taste of salty sweat and some subtle perfume vibrated on to my hard working tongue. Cindy gave a shuddering moan of a chuckle and embraced my head with one arm, hugging me close across the back with the other.

I lashed her earlobe and came down the elegant cheekbone to press my lips hard to hers. She returned the open mouth ravishing, our tongues dueling like rabid snakes. She rose on her toes and and flexed her knees, grinding that tall amazon body against me. I reversed the pattern, kissing and nuzzling her face to her other earlobe, then attacking her neck back down. My lips could feel her breath juddering in her neck. Her fingernails clawed into my scalp.

I pulled and lifted her to latch on to those bulging nipples.

"OOOOHH!" Cindy pressed my face to her sensitive tits. I lapped and soaked them as I tried to suck the entire boob into my mouth, making popping sounds with my lips as I pulled back tightly off the nipple.
