 Author's Note: 

This story was originally distributed in 2 chapters. 

If you missed the other installment, check my author's page.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. 

This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached, as long as no charge is made for it and it isn't changed in any way. If it is archived or displayed, it is done so with the understanding that the author will have unrestricted access to the archive or posting. 

Please address all feedback, inquiries, marriage proposals, etc. to the author. 

*******

My whole body ached from the strain of being aroused so long. My cock leaked steadily, and I was so sensitive that the slight breeze blowing in the room had me close to coming.

I felt two pair of hands--the small ones on my chest, Cathy's on my thighs--massage me, making me harder. My balls ached from the pressure that had built up and I pleaded for them to let me cum.

Cathy's hands left my body, but I soon felt her tongue in my mouth, the same tingle on it that I'd felt on my balls. I also tasted something salty and tangy on her breath but I couldn't place it. It was strange, but somehow erotic.

While my wife tongue fucked my mouth I felt something warm and tight swallow my cock head. I thought at first it was the stranger's mouth again, but no, this was warmer and tighter. Oh God, it was like a soft slippery vice. 

At least now aware that it was a woman sharing our bed, I felt her brace her hands on my chest as she lowered herself down, cooing and moaning as she took more of me inside her. I heard her whimper, then slide fast, swallowing the rest of my cock in a violent rush. When our pelvises connected she let out a moan and grabbed tighter, pushing against me as she raised up. She pumped hard, fucking me like we were in a race to cum, while Cathy sucked on my tongue and lips. The woman riding me reached down and lightly slapped my balls as she descended. 

My whole body convulsed as I came, my cock draining into this wonderful creature, her pussy gripping me tightly as she came again herself. She kept her pace, slamming into me, until I was so sensitive that her just being on me was enough to make me tremble from stimulation.

I felt her rise with more finality this time, and my cock slid free reluctantly. I still throbbed even though I felt empty. 

When she straddled my face there was no doubt she wasn't Cathy. The smell was totally different, more pungent, sharper. A lot like that strange taste in Kathy's mouth. Before I really had time to think about the implications, she lowered her pussy onto my face. Instinctively I extended my tongue and started to lick, but recoiled instantly as a thick salty liquid settled on it.

Laughing, she ground her pussy down, smearing my lips and my chin with a mixture of her juice and my cum, clinging to my goatee. I tried to free my face but without use of my arms and legs it was fruitless. Opening my mouth as much to breathe as to submit I allowed her to press her sopping pussy into my mouth. She groaned and spread herself, giving me access to her swollen clit. 

As I tongued her I really tasted myself for the first time. It was bitter and salty and I half expected to feel grit on my tongue, but there was none. I gagged, which just forced my mouth open wider and allowed more of our combined juices to flow into my mouth. She began humping my face, getting off on the fact that I was eating her and tasting us.

As my tongue burrowed deeper her thighs closed tighter around my head and I started having trouble breathing. I tried to signal that I was in trouble but she must have mistaken my anxiety for enthusiasm. The last thing I remember before I lost consciousness was the sudden sharp taste of her filling my mouth as she came again.

When I awoke, I could feel Cathy's familiar even breathing against my neck. I opened my eyes; I had no trouble seeing. My bedroom was dark save for the shafts of blue-white light peeking through the blinds from the streetlamp outside our bedroom window. The house was totally still, and my wife's arm was draped languidly across my chest. 

I started to drift off again, half wondering if I'd dreamed the other, when something I'd caught out of the corner of my eye shocked me awake. I sat bolt upright and looked over at the nightstand, where 4 sets of shiny chrome handcuffs sat in an innocent pile. I turned to look at Cathy who was lying there smiling.

"Cathy," I began. "What the hell…" she put a finger to my lips, silencing. It was soaking wet, thick with her juice. Shuddering, I opened my mouth and let her insert it, sucking hungrily as she did. In one smooth movement she was on top of me, her pussy covering my mouth, my cock deep in hers. I wanted to ask her who the woman who had been here was, wanted to know if she thought less of me after I'd tasted my own cum, wanted to ask so many questions of her, but the heat and the moistness between her legs left no doubt that everything that wasn't directly connected with her having an orgasm would have to wait.

I reached between her legs and forced a finger into her ass the way she liked as I pulled on her pussy lips with my teeth.

"Oh God Keith, no," she moaned. "I don't want to come, not like that!" She repositioned herself, lowering her dripping pussy onto my cock. Not nearly as tight as the other woman, I slid in easily, finding all the familiar sensitive spots. She leaned forward so that I could take a nipple, swollen and sensitive, into my mouth and suck on it a she rode me, her feet pressing into my side, her motion frantic. She was close, I could feel it, and I grabbed her hips, pulling her roughly against me while I sucked on her breasts and pumped my cock into her.

Suddenly she screamed and collapsed against me, her pussy spasming. I continued to thrust into her, fucking her hard until she lay still and spent. We lay there a long time, my still hard cock deep in her.

"You didn't come," she said disappointed, kissing me tenderly.

"I came enough for 10 lifetimes earlier," I admitted honestly. "This one was for you; consider it a thank you."

She kissed me again and contracted her muscles. "It can't stay hard forever. Maybe you just need another visit," she teased.

The memories of earlier came rushing back and my cock erupted, emptying almost as much into her as I had unloaded earlier. She came again with me, the two of us making savage, animal sounds.

When she finally rolled off of me I felt like a part of me went with her. With her back to me I pressed against her, nestling my cock between her cheeks, my hand cupping her breast lovingly.

******* 

Disclaimer: 

This story is a work fiction. None of the characters or events herein are based on real people, either living or dead. 

It was produced for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or if reading stories of a sexual nature upsets you, do not read any further! 

By reading it, you certify that you have accessed/requested access to this material willfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age or older. 

You also certify that you are NOT a city, county, state, or federal law enforcement officer, official of the United States Postal Service, acting in the capacity of a representative of a telecommunications firm, and that, to your knowledge, this material does not offend the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state, or federal law. 

No animals were harmed in the manufacture of this product. 