 The 2nd part of Fay's adventures, first published by my old name of NewForester a few years ago, but now re-issued by the current name of Rockycoveboy. Hope you enjoy!!

Fay At The Hen Party (2nd of a Trilogy)

It was Saturday and the afternoon sun in the back garden of the bungalow was beautiful and relaxing and Fay soaked it up lazily as she lay on her recliner. She had been into town in the morning to do some shopping, but now she was at a loose end. Her husband's mother was quite ill and he had taken the two teenage children up north for the weekend to see the old dear, and they wouldn't be back until Sunday night at the earliest. Fay felt very strange as she hadn't been on her own like this for years—there was always something to do, somebody wanted something cooked or mended or whatever, but today she was able to just lie back on the sun-lounger and do nothing until the sun went down. 

Fay didn't really want to go to the hen party that evening, she would much rather just loaf around indoors, having a leisurely bite to eat and then fiddle with her garden plants or watch the TV until she felt like going to bed. It was a friend of a friend at the school where she worked part-time who was getting married, and the girl had insisted that Fay come along for an evening out down the pub, even insisting that she would come and pick her up in her car as Fay didn't drive.

Still, it was only about 3o'clock and Fay wasn't being picked up until 8, so she had plenty of time to sun herself before having to think about having a bath and getting ready. As she lay on the recliner, feeling the rays on her skin, Fay let her mind briefly wander back to that Saturday morning at the school when she had been seduced and cajoled by the Headmaster and one of the teachers where she worked. It had been a terrifying time initially for Fay, but ended up so magnificently as the teacher, Mr Fisher, had fucked her senseless over the Head's desk, as the old man had watched with great pleasure. 

Nothing more had been said over the weeks, although Fay had begun to dress for work a little more seductively, as Fisher and the Head had gone on and on about it, and she even felt better in herself for doing it. The shirts and jumpers were that much tighter, her bras were better cut and, together, they accentuated the full, shapely breasts that Fay possessed. There were shorter skirts and dresses, much tighter and revealing, showing off her luscious legs, and Fay knew, strange as it may seem, that the Head would be more than pleased if she allowed her figure to be generally available for admiration around the school –so Fay tried quite successfully. Pupils and staff alike took a great deal more notice of Fay from then on and this, no doubt, was not lost on the Headmaster.

But the experience of that morning was over, gone, she was a 38 year old married woman with children and responsibilities, and her life had returned to the mundane chores of being a housewife in her little country bungalow –it was just an erotic memory, best forgotten...or was it?

The sun felt wonderful on her scantily clad body –she wanted to improve her tan and no-one could see her in the back garden, so she had put on her briefest of bikinis and could feel the sun burning into her face and arms and legs and tummy. It felt delicious and she opened her legs slightly and felt the heat on her inner thighs. 

Fay ached in her loins, and thought of the cane that the Head had crashed into her bottom on that Saturday at the school. She'd never been caned before and, although she had struggled initially, the thought of it now, coupled with remembering Tony Fisher almost immediately afterwards thrusting his superb cock into her from behind, caused Fay's body to almost shake with excitement as she recalled it all. 

Her fingers drifted over the crotch of her bikini in the garden, her eyes closing with the thoughts, but the guilt shook her into reality again and Fay quickly got up and walked round the garden as if to say to the non-people watching her that she was in control, she was a housewife just taking in the sun on a July afternoon.

'Stop it, stop it!' she said to herself, and went indoors to make herself a cup of coffee, just to calm down. Did she really have to go out this evening –she could phone up and make some excuse, like having a cold or whatever. Oh, it'll only be for a couple of hours down the pub, and she might have a laugh with some of the girls, go on, you don't go out much these days.

By about 7.45, Fay was ready. She had made a nice salad for tea (that's all she wanted, as it was still a hot evening), had a nice bath and had got changed. It was only a pub in town so she had put on a nice grey skirt, tight and only a couple of inches above the knee with a little slit at the bottom of the rear hem, a nice crew neck black jumper, and black high-heeled sandals–there was no need for stockings as it was such a nice evening. 

She looked smart and attractive, her black hair neat and tidy, and her body felt tingly after the hot sun and the soothing cream she had rubbed in after the bath. Her make up was superb, and her eyes looked stunning as the mascara drew out the twinkling brightness, but she felt a little odd going out all dressed up without her husband. It wasn't something that she did that often. Fay saw Judy's VW draw up outside the bungalow a few minutes later and she went outside with just a jacket over her arm, climbing in next to the 23 year old blonde.

'My God, Judy, you look ready for a good night out,' exclaimed Fay. Judy had on a mini-dress which showed off all of her legs almost, with just tiny little straps holding it in place, and she just grinned at Fay as they set off. 

'It is a hen party, Fay, and anyway, you look very smart yourself, and haven't you caught the sun today. You look really stunning.' About 20 minutes later they entered the pub and there were lots of the girls there already. Fay knew most of them by sight and it quickly became evident that she was probably the oldest woman there –never mind, it would give her an excuse to slope off early, later on. She had a brandy and lemonade and the place buzzed to the sound of gossip and music from a band playing on the small stage. 

As the evening wore on, Fay enjoyed more brandies, loosening up and joining in the jokes and conversations with those around her. She had one or two bits of food from the buffet which had been laid on, and even had a dance with a couple of the other girls –she was enjoying herself with no reason to worry about anything.

'You'll come won't you Fay,' shouted one of the girls over the music. 

'Where? Come where?'

'To the Black Cat, you'll come won't you?'

'No, no, I'm too old for night clubs,' giggled Fay, 'I'll get a taxi in a minute. You go on and have a good night.'

'No Fay, you're coming. Don't be a meany. You don't have to rush home do you. Just get in the cars with us.' The others were insistent, and after much persuasion, Fay gave in and found herself in the Black Cat night club with yet another brandy in her hand. This was a bit more posh and was packed with Saturday night revellers, dancing, drinking and generally having a good time. 

A group of blokes moved in on the hen party, most of them in their twenties or early thirties, and although Fay had a few more dances and a few more brandies, she found herself sitting on her own more and more, watching the others gyrate on the dance floor or snogging as if their lives depended on it. Gradually members of the hen party disappeared without trace until the last record was playing and only a few people returned to Fay at the table.

Judy explained, embarrassingly so, that she had 'sort of pulled' and her car was 'sort of full.' Fay knew right away what she meant and stopped the embarrassment by insisting that she would get a taxi home –no problem at all, and in fact she would be able to share the taxi as some of the blokes 'hanging on' lived in her direction and would be happy to share the expense.

Fay found herself in the back of the black cab, a young man on either side of her and another in the front seat next to the driver. She had had a couple of dances with one of them, and the chat in the cab was good humoured and relaxed. Fay also felt a little proud as she caught the men occasionally glancing at her legs that were now on view as she sat back in the seat. She would be the first one out and she was glad of the company for the short ride home.

'I'm dying to go to the bathroom,' said the man in the front seat. 'I don't think I'm going to last 'til I get home.' 

Fay laughed at his predicament, and innocently offered the use of her bathroom to the poor soul, and soon the taxi was drawing up outside her bungalow. As she led the chap through the gate, she saw the other two get out and then the taxi draw away, disappearing down the lane.

'We can get another taxi in a minute, and anyway, I think we'd all like to use the bathroom Fay. Is that OK' 

'Well, it'll have to be, won't it,' laughed Fay as she led them in through the front door. Thank God I've cleared up a bit, she thought. 'The bathroom's along there on the left. I suppose you'd like a coffee now that you're here, wouldn't you.' 

'Haven't you got anything stronger... You like a drop of brandy, don't you Fay,' said Mark, a tall, handsome, dark haired chap of about 25.

'You cheeky monkey,' grinned Fay. 'In the cabinet over there, but only a small one for me,' and soon she was holding another glass of spirit in her hand as she heard the Hi-Fi go on and night music begin to play. Fay almost got to the settee to have a sit down, but Mark grabbed her hand pulling her into the middle of the lounge carpet.

'Come on, Fay, let's have another little dance, and then we'll ring for a taxi.' The music, the warmth of her skin from the afternoon sun, the brandies and the relaxed atmosphere all weakened Fay's resistance and soon she was being held by the rugged young man and being smooched around the floor.

'She's a good dancer, you know,' called one of the others from the settee as Mark held Fay close. 'She was a lovely mover in the night-club.' 

'Yes, I know,' replied Mark as he continued to hold Fay close to his body. 

'It's a good job my husband's not here, isn't it,' smiled Fay as she moved slowly in the strong grip.

'Why, where is he then,' asked Mark, and Fay told him the story of the mother-in-law and how he'd taken the children away for the weekend, etc etc.

'Well then, Fay, there's no rush is there. Just relax and enjoy the music,' and by then, both of the other young men had finished in the bathroom and had settled on the settee with a can of lager each. One of them switched on a lamp on the coffee table and then switched off the main light, and suddenly the room was in shadow, soft music playing, and Fay was smooching with a young man on her own living room carpet. 

Feeling tiredness creeping on Fay rested her head into the man's broad shoulders and smelt the aroma of deodorant, after-shave and manly perspiration, and felt no threat at all from being alone with three men she had only known for a few hours. In fact, she struggled with thoughts of perhaps closing the episode and asking them to phone for that taxi, but as Mark began to squeeze her tightly to him, Fay found it more and more difficult to act responsibly as she knew she should. 

Her thoughts flashed back to Fisher's strong body up against her, but she said 'no, I'm not letting it happen, not again, God no,' and pushed the naughty thoughts out of her mind momentarily. 

She continued the smooch round the floor with Mark and, as he pulled her into his body even tighter, she felt him –there was no doubt that his wonderful manhood was straining at his trousers, and pushing at Fay's lower regions as they danced. The feelings washed over her once again –here she was with a handsome man nearly 15 years younger than herself, and she was becoming aroused by her feelings and the closeness of his body.

She didn't look up at him, she didn't withdraw, she just allowed him to hold her tightly up against his manhood, snuggling tightly into his body. She was exhilarated by the hard cock pushing at her below her waist, and it seemed only natural to respond when Mark held her head with a strong hand and lowered his mouth onto hers. 'Oh God, this shouldn't be happening again,' she said to herself. 'No, no, this is wrong,' she kept saying, trying to convince herself, but she could feel the dampness in her loins, the hard cock pushing firmly into her, the relaxed warmth in her body that had come from the sun, and she couldn't do (nor want to do) anything to change the situation. She felt herself opening her mouth and pushing her tongue out to tussle with the strong opponent pushing into her own mouth. Fay's lips crushed against the young mouth, her lipstick being smudged, but she didn't care as her head was held firmly as the two tongues fought ferociously with one another. 

At the same time, Mark's hand was on her skirt, rubbing, right on the cheeks of her ass –and it was wonderful. Fay could feel the big hand on her cheeks, pushing and then releasing her bottom, grinding her body onto his giant manhood that seemed to grow all the time, and she forgot all about the other two young men who had a ringside seat at this slow seduction. Fay came up for breath, panting and sucking in air, but immediately the handsome giant was pulling her head onto his mouth again and Fay relished the feelings building inside of her. 

It didn't matter to her that her tight, grey skirt was being gently pulled up the backs of her legs, so engrossed in the French kissing was she, so thrilled once again with the eroticism running through her body.

'Christ, I must be addicted,' she thought to herself. 'That Headmaster has got a lot to answer for –-oh Goddd,' and she shivered as she suddenly felt Mark's firm but gentle fingers on the soft flesh at the back of her thighs.

'No Mark, you mustn't, please, no,' but he answered her by kissing her open mouth once more, and she easily responded, no longer considering her appearance. She could feel that her skirt had been drawn up to the tight little black panties that she had put on, and now the young man was running his fingers over the thin material, squeezing the firmness of each of her cheeks, pulling her onto his cock again, slipping his hand under the waist band of her panties to feel the skin of her shapely ass. 

She knew that her legs in their entirety were on display but still she spontaneously opened them a little as the two of them swayed to the music, and this encouragement led Mark to lower both of his hands down to her bottom, easing the skirt still further up Fay's waist until it was completely bunched up around her middle, her black panties fully exposed. She was wet between her legs, there was no doubt, and Fay laid her head against the massive chest, wondering what was going to happen next.

'What are you doing Mark, you rascal,' but her giggle was stopped abruptly as she felt another pair of hands begin to massage her bottom and could feel the nearness of another body behind her.

'No, no, please, oh no, you mustn't,' she pleaded half heartedly, but Mark still held her tightly and Fay would not dare look round –she just went with the erotic experience, knowing that to protest would be futile. As the new hands encircled her waist, caressing the material between Fay's legs, Mark held Fay's arms and moved her hand down onto the rock at the front of his trousers. Fay almost plucked up the courage to stop, but she could feel the wonderful manhood for herself, and in the end only let go when Mark unzipped his trousers and instructed, 'Take it out Fay.'

The warmth and thickness in her hand, as she brought the young cock out of the trousers, was only being matched by the feelings in Fay's loins as the strange fingers were exploring the lips of her cunt and her clit through the sodden panties. She was past protesting and again knew that she had been manipulated with no way out.

As in the Headmaster's office, Fay was being led down a sexual road where she was the plaything and object of male desire and she felt pretty chuffed. Proud that her body could still be the object of desire, and enormously glad that she still was able to feel wanton and abandoned, Fay knew that there was very little she could do to prevent the inevitable, and as Mark moved backwards a fraction and bent Fay forwards a little, she was aware that inside just a few months, she was about to take yet another sturdy, vibrant, erect cock down into her throat.

Fay was now bent over, lowering her mouth onto Mark's prick, holding it in position with one of her soft hands, while at her rear, her skirt was bunched around her waist and one of her other 'visitors' was easing her legs wider apart. 

'A beautiful ass, Mark,' said a masculine voice. Fay dutifully obeyed and opened her tanned thighs, and she could feel the black panties being rolled over her ass to stretch themselves half way down her open thighs, the material not able to go any further. The tufts of dark hair around her open cunt lips were exposed along with the cheeks of her ass and she looked delectably fuckable. 

Mark put a hand on Fay's back, just to lower her angle a little further, and she held his cock perfectly in her mouth as she sucked and nibbled and bobbed it up and down, in and out of the entrance to her throat. Firm hands were on the tops of her thighs and then she felt the warm skin of another cock prodding at her cunt lips, the wetness of her body opening her easily, the thickness of the cock pushing aside her lips and then the weapon sliding into and then up inside her. 

'Uuughhhh,' gasped Fay, as the first thrust pushed her forward slightly and the cock in her mouth almost gagged her, but she just carried on gobbling and licking and sucking, savouring every second. 

'Ohh...um, uum...' This was a first for the married woman, being fucked from behind while at the same time taking a wonderful penis down into her throat and treating it with keen endeavour. Her mind was swirling around with all sorts of emotions. Her husband and children were away, probably worried sick about the health of the mother-in-law, yet here she was in her own living room, her skirt up around her middle and her panties stretched taut across her thighs, being fucked doggy style while gobbling a giant cock down her throat—and God, she was so enjoying it!!

The third visitor, also a sturdy young man, sat watching the scene from the settee, stroking his manhood through his trousers, not daring to miss a second of the wonderful display. He moved along a fraction so that he could see Fay in her entirety, giving up her modesty and enjoying so much the assault on her shapely body. He could see the cock at her rear entering with long, regular, penetrating strokes, almost lifting Fay off her feet, while she was held firmly by her hips, and he could also see Mark's thick, wet penis keeping Fay's mouth wide open as it slipped down, down into her throat before easing out to momentarily rest between her lips and then slide back down again. 

Neither man was rushing the experience –they wanted to enjoy the woman's body, wanted to savour her maturity and submissiveness, the eagerness with which she had given herself over to the sexual onslaught. Fay was helpless, exposed beautifully, but wanted it to go on and on, thrilling her, fucking her deeply, recalling Tony Fisher fucking her in the Head's study, and now she was satisfying two men at the same time and was being satisfied herself. She didn't think anymore, she just did it –went with the flow, and sucked and nibbled and pushed back onto the young cock in her –God, the feelings, her wetness - ohhhhhhhhhhhh!!

'Hold her arms, Nat, hold her arms behind her, I want her to enjoy this, –-don't we Fay, we want you to enjoy this,' mumbled Mark as his strokes into her mouth became a little more urgent. Nat carried on fucking doggy style from behind, but he took each of Fay's arms and held them together on her back and could use them to pull himself into her more firmly. Fay groaned as Nat rammed up into her cunt with each thrust, and Mark now held Fay's hair gently, controlling her head movements over his cock.
