 This story is dedicated to Faye Skylark - the inspiration for my story and a terrific fellow author. Look up her stories. You won't be disappointed.

Part 05 (That Looks Nice...)

Faye walked through her local shopping mall. As she gazed into the store windows she reflected on the events of the last few days...

Her first attempt to get into the porn industry and become a campus celebrity had met with mixed results.

Yes, she'd put in a fabulous performance, sucking off three guys in as many minutes, taking a fourth load under questionable circumstances, and robbing that bitch, Melissa Page, of a fifth.

But on the downside very little of it was on film and, depending on your perspective, it could be argued that she had been upstaged by that same bitch...

Either way, when she bumped into Grant a couple of days later she made it quite clear to him that she didn't want any part of his film company... and that he'd had his last blowjob from her!

Grant had looked disappointed when Faye refused to work for him again, and he looked positively distraught at not getting another blowjob - so much so that Faye vaguely remembered finishing the conversation with the words "We'll see..."

I am such a softee... Faye sighed. Why do I let people get away with things like that? I didn't even get paid! OK, he offered and I threw the money back at him, but... well... perhaps that wasn't such a good idea...

On a more positive side, she continued. I'm at least a minor celebrity on campus. One or more of the guys had blabbed about how awesome her mouth was and was now shooting off his. Faye was continuously being hit on - even more than usual - and had had two proposals of marriage - and she didn't even know the guys!

The extra attention is nice, Faye thought as she stopped outside an expensive store she knew she couldn't afford to enter, but it doesn't pay the bills. And it certainly doesn't pay for cute little outfits like that one... Faye sighed as she gazed longingly through the window at a beautiful red top. It was a deep red and beautifully cut. Mind you, a little voice in the back of her mind told her. They don't charge you try them on. Go on... See how it looks...

Faye wrestled hard with her financial conscience on the subject before making up her mind, then, when she finally decided to try it on; she found she was already in the shop with the outfit in her hands!

It's lovely, Faye thought to herself as she looked at herself in the mirror, and it fits perfectly. She leaned forward and smiled at the generous cleavage it displayed. She sighed. If only it were half the price...

Faye sighed again, got changed, and walked back to the rack where she had found the outfit. Then, just as she went to hang it up, she spotted an identical outfit on another rack nearby. Had someone carelessly hung it in the wrong place? Then she saw the sign above the rack.

One Third Off!

Yay! Faye thought and her heart leapt. It's on sale. A third off... I have to buy it!

Faye hung up the first outfit and rushed over to its twin sister before someone else took it. A closer inspection revealed the rack was for seconds and shop soiled items. There was a tiny mark above the hem, barely noticeable, otherwise it was perfect. Damn! Faye groaned when she looked more closely at the twin. Its two sizes too large! She searched the rack frantically but in vain; it was the only one they had on special offer.

That outfit is supercute, Faye looked back longingly at the original, perfect-fitting sister and sighed once more. Drawn almost hypnotically to it, she walked back to the rack and picked it up once again. It is so not fair that the only cheap one is too big! Faye continued to stare at the outfit while a plan began to formulate in her mind. That's it! she finally worked out all the details. All I need is...

"Excuse me, sir," Faye asked the tall, middle aged shop assistant. "I wonder if you could help me..."

"Yes... miss..." the tall, stately looking gentleman gulped visibly. Faye wasn't anything like his normal clients. In twenty five years service he couldn't recall seeing a skirt so short on legs so long... And that mouth... There was something... exciting... about the way it moved when the extremely pretty teenager spoke.

"I wanted to try on this outfit, please?"

"Certainly, miss," the gentleman unphased his thoughts and directed Faye to the changing rooms.

"Thank you," Faye took the outfit into a cubicle and quickly changed back out of her blue top into the darling red one. She paused for a moment and looked at herself in the mirror once more. The top was just stunning!

Faye sighed. It seemed a terrible shame to do what he was about to do, but she steeled herself to her plan. Just think of Saturday night, this cool new outfit, and you! She took a deep breath.

Faye pulled open the curtain to the cubicle and looked around her. There was the same, very distinguished looking gentlemen she'd spoken to earlier. "Excuse me!" she called out, still wearing the red top.

The gentleman looked over and walked slow and purposefully toward the cubicle. "Do you require any assistance, miss?"

Faye looked the store employee up and down. He's quite good looking for his age... she surmised. And extremely polite... She liked that. But he might struggle on his own... "Actually I think you will," she announced sweetly.

"I beg your pardon?" the gentleman was somewhat confused.

"I really don't mean to sound rude, sir," Faye also knew how to be polite. "But I think you ought to get a little help over here..."

At that moment a junior assistant came out of a side door. He was eighteen or nineteen, tall, thin and nervous looking. He reminded her of the plumbing apprentice that had helped her unblock her sink recently.

Perfect! "Excuse me!" Faye called out to him.

"Er... yes, miss...?" the junior turned and stared longingly at Faye but managed to acknowledge his superior with a brief nod. "... Mr Jenkins..."

"Samuel," the gentleman replied formally.

Then they both turned back to Faye who was left thinking something odd was going on but couldn't work out what it was...

"Would you both come in here, please?" Faye asked, holding the curtain back.

"That would be most irregular, miss," the gentleman, Mr Jenkins, pointed out, holding out his arm in front of his junior colleague who walked straight into it, his eyes still focused on Faye. "I can ask one of our young ladies to join you if..."

"No, no! That's no good, and it's very important," Faye pleaded, and treated them to her most winning smile. "And after all there are two of you... What could I possibly do with you two big, strong men in here?"

Faye could see their minds working on her question. They didn't know what she had in mind, but she could tell that they both wanted to find out. With a brief glance at each other, but without a word, they both stepped inside and Faye pulled the curtain closed behind them.

"Now... How do I put this...?" Faye wondered. She didn't want to give the old guy too much of a shock...

"I need you to..." she began and stopped. "I'm going to..." she tried again. "What I really need is..." She finally gave up and dropped to her knees between them. "... look, just let me show you..."

Before the two store employees could react, Faye had unzipped their flies, pulled out their cocks and was giving them both a very satisfying handjob.

"I'm terribly sorry to bother you gentlemen," Faye tried again. "But I need you both to blow some really big loads for me. Now... how would you like to do this? I can just jerk you off, or you can fuck me if you like? But..." Faye stopped and blushed with pride. She had no time for false modesty. "... Trust me. You've never felt anything like what my mouth can do..."

And she decided to give them a quick sample of just what she could do with her mouth.

First, Mr Jenkins...

Bob... Schluppp...! Bob... Schluppp...! Bob... Schluppp...!

And then young Samuel...

Bob... Schluppp...! Bob... Schluppp...! Bob... Schluppp...!

Faye applied a very strong suction to each cock. Three strokes each, all the way down to the root. Only eight inches each... Nothing unmanageable... Corkscrew hand motion on the shaft, and plenty of tongue to the crown.

"Oh, fuck!" the young store assistant cried out.

His superior's response was more measured, but Faye knew she was having the desired effect. His eyes were watering...

"I think you'll be safer in my pussy," Faye looked up at the teenager. He wouldn't last thirty seconds in my mouth, she thought as she turned round, bent over and shook her very nicely rounded rear in his direction.

The young store assistant didn't need asking twice. The excited teen took two steps forward and plunged his cock into Faye from behind. "Ahhhhh..." he sighed and started thrusting in and out of her pussy with a huge grin on his face.

"Mmmmmm..." Faye was enjoying it too, but she had another cock to attend to. She looked up at the older guy. "Why don't you to join me over here and step into my mouth...?" As she gazed deeply into his eyes, Faye left her mouth wide open, leaving him in no doubt of what she had in mind.

The tall gentlemanly store worker was looking far less distinguished now. There was a look of lust in his eyes and his breathing was erratic. He took a moment to take a deep breath and walked round Faye to stand in front of her. Then, with just the briefest of pauses, he did as he was invited and stepped forward into the pretty brunette's mouth once more.

"Owwwwwhhhh!!!" The 47 year old senior sales clerk had never taken drugs, but he imagined the experience to be something like the one the cute girl in front of him was giving him with her mouth. His brain felt like it was full of fireworks, shooting off in different directions. "Ooooohhhhhhh!!!!" he groaned. And that's not all that'll be shooting off soon, he thought. God, she's good! "Aaaarrrrrghhhh...!" Make that damn good!

Jenkins tried taking his mind off the divine sensations she was producing in him. Baseball! he thought. Boston Red Sox... Babe Roth... "Oooohhhhh!!!" Over 2,000 runs... Ted Williams... "Shiiiiit!" 1800 runs... Did he get 1800 runs? "Ooooooorrrrrggghh!" Shit, who cares? "Fuuuccckkkkk!" Miami Dolphins... Miami Dolphins...? Do they play baseball? "Urrrrrrrgghhhhhh!" Who gives a fuck...! It's no use... I'm gonna... I'm gonna... "Arrrrrggghhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!"

Faye could tell the poor guy wouldn't last any longer and let his cock escape her mouth. Not yet, she thought. Just hold on a minute. Faye continued a slow pumping action on Jenkins' cock with her hand, just enough to keep him on the boil, and turned to Samuel. "Come over here, sweetie," she ran her tongue seductively around her mouth. "It's time to let me have what I want..."

Samuel had seen the terrific effect of Faye's blowjob on his colleague. She'd reduced him to a babbling wreck in... What was it? Two minutes? Less? I have got to try that! he thought to himself as he rapidly pulled himself from Faye's pussy and rushed round to her opening mouth.

Faye regretted the absence of a cock in her pussy but reminded herself that she wasn't here to enjoy herself. She was on a mission to get that top! Besides, swapping two eight inch cocks in and out of her mouth was fun enough!

At that moment Samuel's eight inches lodged itself deep in her throat and Faye set about the last part of her plan. She began by using her throat to hum along his entire length while applying a small corkscrew motion and a tight grip with her mouth.

Faye kept this up for only a few seconds. As she suspected, his stamina was no match for her oral skills and he was already making noises that showed he was about to cum. She pulled the head of his cock back up into her mouth and began her final assault upon it. As she ramped up her suction she grasped its shaft tightly in her right hand, as her left began to tighten its grip on Mr Jenkins.

Five... Faye counted down in her head as she let Samuel's cock out of her mouth, pointed both cocks at her face, and began to pump her hands quickly and tightly up and down them both together... Pump! Pump! Pump!

Four... Pump! Pump! Pump!

Three... Pump! Pump! Pump!

Two... Pump! Pump! Pump!

One... Pump! Pump! Pump!

Still pumping, Faye had to stop herself from declaring, We have blast off! as both cocks exploded simultaneously in her hands and instantly splattered her pretty face with a thick layer of cum.

Pump! Pump! Pump!

Both guys were calling out something, but it was almost totally unintelligible. It sounded to Faye as if they were trying to say thank you, but whether it was aimed at her, at God, or at the stars wasn't clear. Not that it mattered. They seem to be enjoying themselves, Faye smirked to herself, and I'm getting what I need...

Pump! Pump! Pump!

After those initial, intense wads of cum had jetted across, Faye was left with deep slimy pools of manjuice, joined by long, thick ropes of white, across her face, but the two guys were still erupting. Which was just what Faye wanted...

Pump! Pump! Pump!

"Oooops!" Faye declared with exaggerated innocence as she dropped her still-pumping hands just a fraction, just enough to aim both cocks toward her generous but perky breasts.

Pump! Pump! Pump!

"Oh no!" Faye called out, still pretending innocence while directing the thick ropes of semen onto the store's beautiful red top, so it quickly became streaked with thick, dripping splatterings of pearly white cum.

Pump! Pump! Pump!

"Oh..." Pump! "This lovely top..." Pump! Pump! Faye looked up at the two store employees and tried hard not to laugh as she pretended to panic. But, at that moment, they couldn't care less where they were shooting. They just knew they were in heaven and prayed the moment would never end.

"Oh..." Pump! "It's ruined!" Pump! Pump! The 'panicking' Faye moved her still-pumping hands just enough to ensure the two still-heavily spurting cocks gave the top a really good cum-soaking, and by the time she finished draining their balls it was literally wringing wet.

"Oh..." Faye tried to look contrite, but with a semi-hard cock in each hand it wasn't fully convincing. "Just look at the mess we've made..." Fortunately Mr Jenkins and Samuel were very understanding.

"Tha... that's quite all... all right..." the elder guy tried to focus on Faye but still wore a very dazed expression. He took a deep breath, fell back against the wall, and just managed to stay upright.

"Yeah," Samuel echoed and gave a short appreciative whistle. "Anyway, who gives a fu..."

"Samuel!" Mr Jenkins interrupted. "Not in front of the... er... young... er... lady..."

"I blame myself..." Faye sighed. "I should have just let you both cum in my mouth. I'd have swallowed it all down. So much less mess..." She looked away for a moment, as if unable to look them in the eye. Then she turned back. "... But I do love seeing guys shoot their loads all over me. I'm terribly sorry."

"N... not at all, Miss..." Mr Jenkins was slowly regaining his wits. "Quite... er... understandable..."

"But this lovely top is ruined," Faye looked down and pulled part of the sperm soaked fabric away from her skin for a moment. "I do hope you nice gentlemen don't get into any trouble..."

"Trouble...?" Mr Jenkins echoed.

"Oh no..." Samuel's eyes widened. "Oh no..."

As Faye watched she could see alarm bells begin to ring inside each of the two store employees. Not wanting to cause them any trouble she quickly spoke up. "Of course, you could always... no..."

"W... what?" Mr Jenkins asked, anxious to clutch at any straws Faye might be able to hold out.

"Well, I could always buy the top," Faye smiled.

"Y... you could?" Samuel began his own straw clutching.

"Sure..." Faye's smile grew broader. "Of course..." she paused.

"W... what?" Mr Jenkins asked.

"Well... you guys have made rather a mess of it..." Faye continued, her smile become so wide it almost hurt. "Do you think it counts as shop soiled?"

Mr Jenkins and Samuel exchanged open mouthed glances before falling over themselves to agree.

"Absolutely!"

"Sure thing!"

"Well..." Faye continued as she peeled off the stop, which was so thick with jizz that it stuck to her chest. "That one you have on the discount stand is a third off. What do you think you can take off for this one...?" and she held up the cum-sodden garment.

***

Five minutes later Faye left the store delighted with her new top. She knew a guy from college who worked Saturdays at the dry cleaners, and one quick blowjob would be all it took to have the top looking like new.

A brand new top! Her mind screamed in joy. And only 99 cents. I need to shop here more often!

Mr Jenkins and Samuel stood by the checkout, watching Faye as she made her way to the exit.

"Dad...?" Samuel Jenkins Junior asked. "Do you think we should tell her that she's still got cum all over her face?"

"No, son," Samuel Jenkins Senior replied. "I think we should get to the other side of the store and look very, very busy."

Part 06 (Howard-Hughes)

Wanted!

Aspiring actress to appear in highly creative art film.

Low pay but huge exposure plus potential for future work.

Call Howard on...

Faye looked at the small hand-written notice in the grocery store window again. 'Highly creative art film.' Well, that's porn if I ever saw it, she smiled to herself. 'Huge exposure.' Yeah, I'll bet!

She continued to stare at the notice. Well, they know how to economise on advertising, Faye laughed briefly. Oh, why the Hell not! It's worth a go. Might be fun?

Faye took out her cellphone and began keying in the number as she the walked into the store. It began ringing as she picked up a basket and began looking for groceries.

"Hello!" a somewhat musical male voice answered.

"Oh... hello," as she picked up a loaf of bread, Faye suddenly realised she hadn't thought about what she was going to say. "Er... I saw your advert... for an aspiring actress..."

The voice at the other end went muffled but Faye could still make it out. "Hey, guys! We got one. It's a girl!"

Faye had to stop herself from laughing. So that's how it is. I knew it! Oh well... It still might be fun. In fact... why don't I have a little fun with them now?

"Oh... yes..." the voice grew louder again. "Thank you for calling. Can I have your name, please?"

"It's Faye..." she replied, putting on a simple sounding, girly voice. "Faye Skylark."

"That's a lovely name," the voice sounded wistful, but genuinely sincere at the same time. "Could you tell me a little about yourself, Faye?"

"Sure. I'm 18, 5'6", brown eyes, brown hair, freckles... cute ones, I keep myself in shape, and guys say I'm pretty." Faye was now so in character as a air-headed bimbo she found herself twiddling with her hair, even though the guy couldn't see her. She stopped herself and picked up some peanut butter.
