 I was still discovering the thrills (for me, anyway) of belonging to a swinger's club six months after our first couples swap. My hubby and his ex had been swingers; I willingly agreed to try it about three years into our marriage, and loved it from the get-go! Our club provided on-site trysts one weekend a month, the rest of the month serving only as a 'meet & greet' facility. Up until the annual Halloween party, we had only used the club to meet other couples and a few select single members to arrange 'off-site' encounters. The rules of the party were simple: costumes were mandatory, as were full-face masks that one had to wear in 'public' areas...in the darkened 'party rooms', masks were allowed off. We decided to costume in togas with Mardi Gras-styled masks.

"So, do you want to hunt partners as a couple or to mingle on our own?" Hubby asked as he drove us to the party.

"We've never really mingled on our own, have we?" I replied, not really sure how I wanted to play it that night. The thought of mingling on our own had a certain appeal to me that night, though I don't really know why. Probably, I was to think later, it was simply another new adventure for me in the lifestyle.

"No, we haven't," he replied, "and I'm okay with that if you'd like to give it a try."

"How 'bout we do that and meet later at an appointed time?" I answered, a sudden rush of heat between my legs making itself known when I said it.

"Done," he smilingly said, pulling into a parking spot behind the club. Leaning over to him, we kissed, slipping our masks on before getting out of the car.

Joining the throng of masked revelers after using our front door key to unlock the door (only members had them), we entered the clubhouse, the sounds of a serious party bouncing off the walls. Grabbing a Margarita that could be sipped with a straw, we clicked our glasses, toasted each other, and went our separate ways to 'mingle'.

Lots of eye-candy, I thought to myself, as I looked around at all of the sexy, revealing costumes. Breasts showing on some of the women, thick bulges on some of the men, I found myself getting all hot and bothered by just observing the crowd. Finding a corner of the main room from which to observe and 'hunt' potential partners, I stood, sipped my strong drink, and watched the happenings before my eyes. I didn't see the 'Egyptian Princess' move to my side at first, turning to look only when I felt a hand slide across my back to come to rest on my hip, her fingers rubbing sensually on my waist.

"Hi," she said, "love the costume."

"Hi," I replied, "yours too."

"Here alone?" she asked, sipping her drink through the mouth of her mask.

"Yes, and, no," I answered, "my hubby is 'out there', somewhere."

"Does the yes part mean you're available without him," she asked as her hand moved slowly up my ribcage, her fingers sending bolts of heat to my being.

"Well, I guess it does," I replied, her fingers now having found my breast, my nipples hardening as she flicked her fingertips across them.

"Why don't we find ourselves some privacy?" she suggested, her hand now caressing my ass cheeks through my costume.

That didn't take long, I thought to myself, and turning towards her, looking straight into her mask-enclosed eyes, I said, "Why don't we?"

Taking my hand in hers, she led us to the back of the clubhouse where the several party rooms and hot tubs were located. The rules were simple for the on-site trysts; If a door was closed, privacy was wanted, if it was opened, it was an invitation to join. There were six party rooms, three of which had closed doors and since the fourth room was empty, waiting for someone to use it, we entered. She and I would be that 'someone'.

The room had three levels of bedding and matting, and no lighting except for low, indirect lights in a couple of corners. Just enough light to be able to discern 'shapes' but not much else. 

Pulling me by my hand to the highest level of bedding, she laid me down, her 'shadow hand' removing her mask first, then mine. I could barely see the shape of her head as it came nearer to mine, her lips finding mine quickly. She kissed me, softly, tenderly, her hand tracing the contours of my breasts as I sucked her tongue deep into my mouth. Her hand trailed down my body, slipping under my toga, finding my flesh which sent shivers of delight throughout my body. Finding my trimmed bush, she found my clit, massaging it gently between her fingers.

I found her breasts with my own hands, cupping her larger tits as best I could in my small hands. Her nipples were already hard, I found, as I rubbed my palm across them, finding and undoing her costume's snaps with my other hand, so that I could explore her even more. She stopped kissing me long enough to remove her costume, then mine, returning her lips to mine as our hands explored each other with desire. Her breasts were larger than mine, and as I took turns on her nipples with my mouth, her finger had slipped into my pussy now, her thumb massaging my clit as she slowly fingered me with her magic touch.

Moving her mouth down my body with little kisses and tongue-flicks, she moved her body until she was between my opened legs, her tongue tasting and licking my pussy which, in turn, made me crazy with desire and lust. I wasn't sure, hell, I didn't know, who she was, but she knew what she was doing. Abandoning myself to her love-making skills, I rubbed my fingers through her hair as she slowly, hungrily dined on my very wet pussy.

Sensing another presence in the room, I realized that we had left the door opened. Well, she did actually, as she was the last one through the door. Thinking about it only for a moment, I returned my concentration to what she was doing as I 'felt' another body moving onto our bedding. The excitement that coursed through my body at the mystery of it all was ramping up my horniness even more. I wondered who else was in the room, all the while, trying to concentrate on what she was doing to me, trying hard to focus on her tongue's magic on my snatch. A shadow-form was moving closer to my face when I felt the 'unknown's' hand cup my breast, slowly squeezing and lightly pinching my nipple. Reaching with my hand towards the shadow-shape, as if by radar, I felt the head of what turned out to be, a rather nice, large dick.

I was fighting to hold on to my orgasm for as long as I could as my Princess was now tongue-fucking me. My hand slipped around the mystery cock, pulling it towards my wanting mouth. Didn't know who it belonged to, but it didn't matter, I was going to suck it, plain and simple. Finding the head, I slipped my mouth around it, a bit shocked as to it's size. Hubby has a very nice cock, very satisfying in it's size, but this was larger and that excited me to no end. Lifting my head slightly, I stretched my mouth around his cock, taking it as deeply as I could, sucking him slowly, deliberately...but there would be no way I would be able to deep-throat this dick, no way in hell. 

Sucking as much of it as I could into my mouth and throat, I sucked on it as if it were my last meal on earth, which, in turn, produced a disembodied moan of pleasure from our 'mystery man'. Princess was now driving me over the edge with her mouth and tongue on my pussy, which only served to make me suck even more on his cock, whoever 'he' was. I came, suddenly, without warning, my stifled cry of joy escaping my mouth as I sucked harder and harder on his dick, trying as hard as I could to coax his cum to release. I was still shaking from my own climax when he jerked, spasmed, and shot a load of sweet-tasting, warm jism into my eagerly slurping mouth. I know some women don't or won't swallow or take a load into their mouths. I wasn't that gal...I like the taste of cum, plain and simple. 

So, shoot me.

I milked his cock with my hand, my mouth taking as much of his load as I could, savoring it's flavor and warmth. As I was finishing him off, I felt movement on the bedding on the other side of my head. I knew it wasn't the Princess since she was still between my legs, her face in my trimmed bush, the movement and sounds 'down there' indicating that someone was now fucking her as she lay between my legs. Holy shit, I thought, how many people were in here? Was I that engrossed that I didn't see, or hear, others enter the room. I guess so, because when I lifted my head, my eyes straining to see in the dimness, I could make out a shape kneeling behind Princess, the movements clearly indicating that he was fucking her from behind. In the meantime, my mouth slipped off of the cock I had just sucked only to feel the tip of a different cock bump against my other cheek.

This cock was smaller; no matter, I closed my eyes and took it completely into my mouth, my hand finding, and cupping, the balls that hung below this unknown dick. As I sucked on my 'new friend', I felt Princess roll over my leg, taking her fuck-friend with her, the vibrations indicating that they were getting some serious fucking done. As for me, the smaller dick was hardly a challenge. I had him ready to climax within a few minutes, his size making it easy for me to deep-throat him. When he did come, it was with a moan from him that bounced off of the walls of our party room. Laying my head down to catch my breath, I soon had Mr. Big Dick sucking on my breasts, his fingers gently probing my pussy.

Reaching over with my hand, I found him hard and ready again. I stroked his cock as his finger worked in and out of me, getting me very, very hot. Pulling him between my legs when I was ready, he mounted me, easing his large cock slowly into me until our pubic bones were grinding. I know that pussies are pliable but that mine could stretch that much to take him surprised me to no end. We started fucking in rhythm, our breath coming in short, excited gasps. On the edge of my brain, I made note that Mr. Small One had left, followed soon afterwards by whoever had just fucked the Princess. She moved up onto my bedding as 'Big DIck' and I were fucking like teenagers, she, leaning into me, kissing me and fondling my breasts as he fucked me hard, very hard. Her tongue was deep into my mouth when he orgasmed, the feel of his jism squirting into me sending me over the edge to my own mind-blowing climax, complete with stars exploding inside of my head.

Just that quickly, my mystery stud kissed me and whispered, "That was fantastic, lady, thank you," kissing me quickly afterwards...then he was gone.

"Wow," I heard Princess say in the darkness, "that was really intense, don't you think?"

"Oh yeah, I'm not sure who I sucked and fucked but it sure felt good," reaching with my hand to rub her pussy lips as she lay next to me.

"Mmmm, that feels good, sugar," she whispered, her breath a bit labored as I toyed with her clit.

"Why don't you sit on my face and I'll show you what really feels good," I teased.

"You don't have to ask me twice," she replied as she quickly straddled her pussy over my face, the smell of pussy and cum reaching my nostrils, making me horny all over again.

I took my time, relishing the tastes and smells of her snatch, my tongue probing her slit, my own pussy 'feeling the need' as I did so. Another body joined us in the darkness, the hands finding her breasts and my pussy as I tended to her. Reaching with my hands towards our new friend, I found a dick-what a surprise (that's a joke, folks). I continued to stroke the cock as he continued to play with us. I eagerly increased my oral assault of her pussy. Pulling her pussy to my mouth, I eagerly licked, tongued, and sucked on her freshly-fucked pussy, loving the taste of cum and her juices as I bathed my face in it. She moaned as she rubbed against my mouth and tongue, taking herself to climax-ville very quickly, her body shaking as the orgasm slowly died.

Without missing a beat, she moved off of my face, bent down and started sucking my breasts. I pulled on the cock I was stroking, pulling it towards my opened legs until I was able to wrap my legs around him, sucking him into me, hard and deep; he climaxed quickly, but was able to hold on for me to reach my own orgasm,when it was all said and done. As quickly as he had arrived, he was gone.

Falling next to me, Princess and I hugged and smooched as we both came down from the past hour or so of sexual activity. She finally broke the silence by suggesting that we ought to get dressed and rejoin the party. I agreed and followed her out of the party room after we had dressed. 

Reaching the main room, I scanned the crowd until I found hubby tucked away in a corner with a couple dressed as a hooker and a pimp. Touching my hand, Princess slipped me a piece of paper, saying, "That's my cell...call me sometime and let's do lunch at my place when you have a couple of hours to spare." Before I could answer, she cupped and fondled my pussy through my toga and with a final squeeze of her hand, floated away into the, now crowded, main room. 

Finding one of the bathrooms, I cleaned up, loving the fact that they had bidets; more or less, it was an attempt to make me look less fucked than I felt. Returning to the main room, I joined hubby, now alone in the same corner.

"Where are your friends," I asked him after I'd kissed him.

"I think they're going home, a bit partied-out, they said," he responded, adding, "how's your evening been?"

OK, I don't know why I didn't tell him that I had just had a mini-orgy with three unknown studs, or that I been fucked by a monster cock, I really don't. What I did say was, "It's been good...I had a bit of girly-time with a Princess, actually more than a bit, I guess."

In my head, I was feeling a bit 'slutty' (Ya think?) and for some unknown reason, just wanted to keep it to myself, promising myself that I'd 'fess up later. Well, later never came and I never told him. That's on me.

He and I did hook up with another couple that evening and had a lovely time in one of the party rooms with them, nothing special, but a good time. On the drive home, I re-ran the evening through my head, reliving the mystery of the dark room fucks I had had and when we got home, I gave hubby what he likes to call, a 'world-class' blowjob.

But, I never told him the truth about that night, not until now...