 Faye climbed the steps up to the boys' flat, her heart pounding with every pace. She wore a long overcoat, but was naked underneath except for a sexy brassiere and matching panties, all of white silk to match her pale skin and blonde hair. The lace and frills accentuated her girlish and innocent looks, while the thought of being out in public with so little preserving her decency had turned her on so much that she felt that the scandalously revealing thong was already soaked through. She'd shifted silently in the backseat of the taxi, her coat falling open just enough to give the driver a naughty glimpse of her bare thigh but nothing more, and she'd sensed him angle the mirror down to leer over her as they drove, spying on her whenever he thought she wasn't looking. The naughtiness turned her on all the more, but no thought aroused her so much as the anticipation of the wild group fucking she was about to enjoy.

It had been two weeks since the boys had surprised her, and since she had submitted completely to her master. They had fucked her senseless and she had loved it. There was no escaping the truth: she was a whore, a slut, a fuck toy to be used for pleasure.

The things they made her do had dominated her fantasies ever since, and she had played with herself relentlessly since then, replaying every filthy image, imagining more anything more depravity. Her pussy would glisten with moisture as she drank a glass of wine, remembering how she'd been taken roughly and completely by four horny men. How they'd come in her mouth, bent her over and did her from behind and from the front, splashed her face with semen while she came and came.

But most of all, the double fucking she'd received. She rode Kevin joyously until suddenly Harry had speared her arsehole with his cock, rudely thrusting in as she pleaded and moaned in futility. As she lay on her bed, vibrator at her clit and fingers inside herself, she replayed the scene over and over. The feel of him up her arse and Kevin up her pussy, the overwhelming sensation of being sandwiched between two powerful men had been unreal, and now she could think of nothing else. The tasteful, story-heavy, erotic videos of romantic coupling no longer did the job, and she wanted smut instead. Gang bangs, orgies, threesomes: she'd masturbate to the sight of men degrading beautiful, nubile girls, defiling them with cocks in pussies and arseholes, double-stuffing them and spunking all over their pretty faces. 

Every night was the same now, her fantasies getting more and more intense until she'd messaged Harry, desperate for him to set up another session with the boys and make her their slut again.

He'd said nothing in reply. She'd never felt so desperate.

To her shame, she messaged him again, and then when he'd ignored her for a few days more she'd left him a series of drunken voicemails, pleading for them all to use her again.

Half remembered snippets of the voicemail had haunted her in the morning. Come on my face again: she cringed in embarrassment. I'll fuck all of you, however you want: she recalled halfway through a boring meeting.

I'll do anything. 

Finally, just when she'd convinced herself that Harry had abandoned her, she received a reply, terse and cruel and instantly igniting her desire.

My place. Tomorrow. Nine P.M. 

Now she stood before the door, and raised a trembling hand to knock three times. Her heart was pounding now, beating in her chest like a drum, and the door stood solid for a sickening few seconds in which she convinced herself that it had all been a cruel joke, that her lovely boys no longer wanted her as their fuck toy, that Harry had indeed left her -

The door swung opened, and her lover, her master, her friend, stood before her, as handsome to her as a god. There was the sadistic smile, the sculpted chin, the graceful cheekbones and thin eyebrows...her breath caught in her throat. How things had changed in the space of a few weeks; they'd been fuck buddies for ages, but now she wanted him on a level she never knew possible.

"Faye," he said simply, and opened the door to admit her. "Come in."

She smiled up at him gratefully, and stepped through the door into the dimly lit flat, the scene of her sexual enlightenment; she glanced around and immediately smiled wider. Candles burned on every surface, bathing the room in a warm glow. Faye threw herself into Harry's arms, kissing him deeply and eagerly. His tongue explored her mouth as his hands caressed down her back, the old friends fondling one another hungrily.

"Mmm...have you missed us, whore?" Harry asked, and her cheeks reddened. She nodded and kissed him again, passionately, hungrily. When they separated her heart leapt as she heard the doors to the boys' bedrooms open one by one, and smiled at her lovers as they appeared: 

Rob, fair haired and eager; Kevin, tall, dark and handsome; James, towering over her and dwarfing the rest. They joined her Master, Harry, who had sandy brown hair, a chiseled body and was all the more beautiful to her when his thin lips contorted into the sadistic smile he reserved for degrading her.

Her heart was a-flutter at the sight of them; her pussy was afire with anticipation.

"Hi, boys," she giggled as the trio joined them, plucking up her courage as her lovers surrounded her by the sofa to ask: "Are you ready to fuck me again?"

The boys laughed and cajoled, reaching out to her and tugging at her clothes, spiriting away her handbag and urging her to strip. She giggled playfully at the horny boys, glad to be the centre of attention again.

"Take your clothes off, slut," growled Kevin, her heart pounding with arousal as she reached for the belt of her overcoat to reveal herself. Her throat was dry in anticipation, her breathing shallow as she undid the buckle, and let the coat crumple to the floor in a heap. The boys whistled and gasped at the sight of her, as she stood before her boys in her lacy bra and panties.

She could feel their lust radiation off them as they admired her, and the knowledge of it had her wetter than she thought possible. No sooner had she shed her clothes than all of the boys pounced, pawing at her breasts and squeezing her tight bottom. Hands began to roam her body, caressing her breasts and her waist, lips locking over hers as each boy sought access to her. Fingers played at her nipples, causing her to gasp. More digits slid under her panties and began to play with her wet twat, and she moaned. Lips kissed down her bare back, to her bottom, and she groaned in excitement as the unknown lover pressed his face into her cunt from behind, easing her soaking thong to one side and lapping at her pussy.

"Oh fuck..." she groaned, her eyes closed in bliss as someone began to suck on her tits. A hand grabbed her wrist and brought it down to an erect cock, and she smiled as she began to massage it; soon she had one in each palm and was rewarded with the moans of her men as the thick lengths hardened and pulsed angrily beneath her fingers.

"That's good, slut," said Harry suddenly, "Now get down on your knees. You need to suck some cock."

Faye, her breathing ragged and heavy from the expert licking she was receiving from the rear, obeyed. A pillow was brought forth as Harry gently but firmly forced her to her knees, presenting her with his fine shaft. Faye smiled lovingly, stroking his penis with her left hand and cupping his balls gently with the right, before planting kisses on the shaft, her tongue darting out to lightly lick on his manhood. Harry groaned in pleasure as she teased him until he could take no more, and brought the head to her lips until she opened up for him. She moaned happily as he entered her mouth, sucking him well and looking deeply into his eyes.

Kevin was naked now, and took her hand off Harry's shaft to jerk him off; Rob followed suit so that she found herself playing with two wonderfully hard cocks while sucking on her master's tool. Harry brought his hands to the back of her head and forced his shaft deeper into her mouth, causing her to gag while she took her into her throat, but she swallowed hard and began to deepthroat him through the reflex. He fucked her face as she asked, holding her in place and thrusting into her mouth so deep that tears came to her eyes as she struggled to take his length; but take it she did, and without complaint.

The air was thick with lust, and soon Rob wanted a turn on her, tilting her head and snatching her away from Harry's cock before thrusting in without warning; Faye choked slightly but steadied her breathing to match the rhythm as he fucked her mouth. She sucked eagerly, lapping at his balls as he brought himself all the way into her, and he began to groan happily and complement her for being such a good cock-sucker. She switched hands to please the other boys while she sucked on Rob's cock, and then moved on to work on Kevin's thick shaft, too wide by far to enter her throat. She loved Kevin's stout dick, which filled her pleasantly and contrasted well with Harry's length; now she sucked eagerly on the head and moaned with joy as she jerked the shaft.

James was before her now, his giant cock erect and savage looking; she reached out to grasp it while she continued to blow Kevin, and marvelled at how she could barely wrap her fingers around it. He was huge, and when he'd fucked her wildly last time, she felt like she'd be torn in two by the massive erection, which filled her to her limits and beyond. 

Hands behind her wanted more; she felt someone scrabbling at the catch on her lacy bra, which she shrugged off when they'd unclipped the clasp, freeing her small pert tits. She didn't break her stride or lose eye contact with the big man once, sucking diligently and urgently on his prick while he gazed down at her; she felt he was desperate to come already, sighing rapidly as she stroked him off.

"Mmm...you wanna come baby?" she asked him with a coy smile, jerking him faster and faster. James grunted in agreement, and she noded in encouragement, saying: "Come in my mouth baby...give it to me..." before wrapping her lips around his tool once more. She wrapped both hands around the shaft, sliding her fingers up and down and twisting as she sucked hard on him, going faster and faster as he began to groan, his hips thrusting forward eagerly.

"Holy fuck...I'm coming!" he cried suddenly, and Faye locked her lips tightly around him while she jerked her hands quickly, milking his massive prick hard and fast. The big man groaned loud, his cock shooting hot come directly into Faye's mouth; she swallowed quickly, wave upon wave of spunk threatening to spill out. It seemed endless, spurt after spurt of semen, bitter and salty yet delicious to the little whore, James groaning with each ejaculation pouring into her mouth. Finally the spurts died down, and Faye found herself gulping down fewer and fewer as his body relaxed. He withdrew, his huge tool rapidly deflating, and she smiled up at the giant, sated for now but she knew he would be hard and ready for her before too long.

The boys went wild - teasing James for getting off so soon, shaking their heads in disbelief at the hot little slut and how hungry she was for cock; Faye smiled, licking a few errant drops of come from her lips, and asked "Who's next?"

In answer, Rob leant down and swept her off her feet, bundling her up in his arms and carrying her to the arm of the sofa; Faye dangled helplessly, knees bent and flailing against him as though in protest, giggling happily at being manhandled. He lay her down armrest, so that she was on her back at waist height, and knelt between her legs; Harry and Kevin joined the pair, to either side of her. Rob tugged down her panties, exposing her snatch, and began to kiss and bite her soft white inner thighs, making his way up to her wet pussy. Faye relaxed back into the cushions as the boy began to lap at her cunt, tides of joy washing over her as she purred in satisfaction. She'd been so wet, thinking about this moment for weeks, and now she was in heaven. 

"Oh that's so fucking good...yes...right there..." she groaned, writhing in ecstasy as he licked her pussy, teasing and licking her lips, as she edged closer to an almighty orgasm. She wanted more, was desperate to be penetrated, and soon she began grind her hips into her lover's mouth, pleasing and begging for it: "...fuck me...please...fuck me..." 

Rob was enjoying Faye's cunt. She tasted sweet, with just a hint of bitterness, and her pussy was well-trimmed with just a tiny triangle of pubic hair above her clit. But what excited him most of all was how wet she had been; he'd felt her moisture through her silken panties when he'd touched her earlier, and her excitement had been plain when she'd sucked them all off and made James come. A trail of pussy juice had linked her crotch to the material as he tugged down her sopping panties, and a thin film of milky-white moisture seeped down her slit. Her lips were red and full, and she lay on her back with her legs wide, panting with lust like a beast in heat. Rob was an expert at eating pussy, and was determined to taste her today before another man's cock had plunged in and filled her up with his spunk, and his keen eye told him that Faye was ready to come with just a few short licks. But he refused. He wanted to tease her first, wanted to make her beg for it.

She was begging now.

Rob drove his tongue to her pussy opening while his middle and index fingers swirled within her tunnel, his other hand busy at her nipples; she moaned desperately again, and demanded of him: "Rob...please...fuck me..." was all she could manage in agreement.

Rob winked up at her, withdrawing fingers slick with her juices. He sucked on her lips one final time, and as a parting gift, he lashed his tongue lightly and quickly over her clit.

"Oh!" Faye cried in passion, thrashing on the sofa, instinctively reaching down between her thighs to play with her clit. She looked plaintively up at him desperate for more.

Getting to his feet, he lined his cock up with her pussy, and nudged it against her wet lips, readying himself before he plunged in -

"Ohhhhhhh fuck!" Faye moaned, and he buried himself into her forcefully, fully. Her channel was slick - wetter than he'd ever felt before - and offered little resistance, but the suddenness of his invasion took her breath away. He sheathed himself to the hilt, waited for just one moment, and then withdrew, before fucking back in. Harry and Kevin held her legs apart, each holding her under the crook of her knee, while Rob grabbed her slender waist; he began to fuck now, a powerful, artless rhythm which made her gasp and sigh as he held her in place.

Faye was getting pounded, and was loving it. Her lovers held her legs open, and Rob was inside her, hammering away on her wet pussy as though his life depended on it. He wasn't the biggest, the longest, or the thickest - but he was furious when he fucked her, and made her feel like a bashful virgin when she opened her cunt to him. The feeling was indescribable; she'd been so horny when James came in her mouth that she thought she might come just from sucking him off, and Rob had expertly kept her on the brink of orgasm when he licked her pussy so expertly. Now she needed release, and he was fucking her wonderfully.

Her orgasm exploded from nowhere; one moment she was registering how soft the sofa felt, how tight Kevin's abs were, the sensation of Harry licking her nipples, the rough feel of Rob's pubic hairs as he scuffed against her swollen lips, and the relentless drilling of his cock as he thrust in and out of her, filling her marvelously. Then all of a sudden her climax rose like a wave, radiating out from her cunt and making every inch of her flesh shudder and tingle; she thrashed on the bed like a landed fish, bucking and shaking her head from side to side as she moaned gutturally. No words came; just "Oh! Oh! OH!" over and over again as her man picked up the pace.

Rob kept fucking. Her whole body felt like a pussy, and every sensation was overwhelming - uncomfortable, even - but he would not stop. She began to scream now, loud and hard as he pounded her through wave after wave of orgasm, each thrust making her tremble and quake.

"Fuck yeah baby!" he groaned suddenly. "I'm gonna come!"

Faye looked up through the haze of pleasure which had enveloped her to see Rob's face twisted in bestial passion, and she licked her lips wantonly and nodded to him, urging him to do it in her mouth. "Fuck!" he cried at last, and leapt off her to bring his cock to her lips. Faye opened wide just as he began to shoot his load, arcs of sperm soaring over her lips and tongue, filling her mouth as he jerked and came.

Rob shook and trembled as his orgasm subsided, and he fell back onto his haunches leaving her with an open mouth full of come. He continued to meet her eyes as he panted for breath, and so Faye slowly licked the sperm off of her lips and collected it all on her tongue, offering him a theatrical "mmmmmm..." before slowly swallowing the load. Rob smiled and shook his head in disbelief.

"God damn that's fucking hot..." he whispered.

"More..." Faye groaned, her legs spread wide, drips of come on her neck and face, waiting to be used again. 

Kevin stepped forward, flipping her on to her tummy so that she rested bent over the armrest of the sofa, one knee on the cushions and the other on the floor, her arse up in the air. She gasped as he entered her, clutching at the pillows on the couch as she struggled to accommodate him; he'd fucked her many times before but she always groaned like a whore when he entered her. 

Faye's pussy felt nice and tight; she moved under him, grinding herself against his hips as he rocked into her wetness, cooing happily as he fucked her from behind. Harry joined in, sliding himself in between her lips: Kevin felt her pussy clench as his friend forced his dick down her throat, groaning as he violated her mouth and she began to struggle somewhat. The scene would have shocked others who did not know the happy couple - Faye loved the throat abuse, loved being treated like a whore and fucked like an animal. She was a slut, and she came the hardest when she was dominated.

The thought spurred him on, and he remembered the first time as he began to ride her hard, thrusting into her deeper and vigorously from behind. He remembered how Harry fucked her that night, deep and violently, forcing her face down into the sofa while she screamed, allowing him to creep up on her - he began to buck into her now, matching the remembered rhythm. Faye was moaning louder now, throaty grunts around Harry's relentless cock as Kevin gripped her tight around the waist, pulling her pert bottom onto his shaft as he slammed into her. Harry was giving it to her mouth as hard as he was giving it to her pussy, and she was bucking and screaming with every thrust, taking it at both ends.

"God that's good pussy," he groaned as the pair spit-roasted her. He'd crept up to her face, he recalled, and Harry had yanked her hair back so that she wailed loudly and just when her mouth had opened he'd thrust himself roughly between her lips and began to fuck her face -

"Fuck!" he cried suddenly, whipping his cock out of her pussy just, just in time for a great jet of his seed erupted from the tip, spurting over her magnificent arse cheeks, streaking her back. "Fuck!" he cried again, louder, as he pumped his load onto her, aiming now for her puckered arsehole, a line of thick come landing neatly in her crack.

Faye's mind was a blur of sensation as she felt Kevin's seed splash her back, crack and pussy. She was awash with juices - her own and her lover's - feeling it dripped openly down her thighs, her cunt tingling with excitement and hungry for more. She sucked on her master's tool but no sooner had one lover finished hosing her down with his sperm than he released her mouth, swapping places with him and entering her swiftly.
