 Body Rock Fitness is a boutique gym, just outside of Palm Springs, that attracts a mix of serious bodybuilders, fitness models, and wealthy folk who want to look like bodybuilders and fitness models. Or at least look at them.

Deja had opened the gym a couple of years ago. Being a fitness model throughout her 20s had been a lot of fun, working out for a living, paid trips to tropical places, and meeting lots of other fit, attractive, adventurous people, but when she entered her 30s, she found herself enjoying the home life a bit more. She had a community of friends here, a cozy house in the hills, and plenty of time to workout, cook, and establish lasting relationships with the people around her. She started picking up personal training clients here and there, growing her clientele to the point where she had to start turning down new clients. Eventually she took a leap and built Body Rock.

She was single. For years it had been hard to keep a long term romantic relationship with all of the traveling and hanging around beautiful people. And during this time, she had longed for the stability to settle down with a special someone. Yet, now that she was more settled, and she had the opportunity to build something with a partner, she found herself actively remaining unattached. Not for lack of admirers; she was outgoing and still smoking hot, and attracted attention everywhere, from fit body builders to rich business men to young adventurous runway models who hired her to keep them in shape.

But instead of looking for a soulmate among the suitors, she was enjoying a buffet of sexual experiences. She realized that she loved sharing her powerful body with others. To her, sex was an artistic expression, a natural extension of her passion for health and the human physique. She was getting older, perhaps past her prime as a fitness model, but she was awakening an erotic force inside of her that was as inspiring as perhaps anything she had experienced before.

So for now, she was more than happy to remain single and let her passion guide her; not just to have lots of sex, but also to evangelize health and fitness through her ambitious activities at Body Rock.

"Oh my god that's delicious," said Christina after a big gulp of the fresh smoothie Deja had made for her. "What a workout!"

Christina was one of Deja's favorite clients, a married young lawyer who loved to go hard every session. And five sessions a week meant there was lots of time to talk about life and get to know each other, and also lots of time for Deja to discreetly admire Christina's body. She had a plump round butt and a pair of white perky tits -- a sporty body that was always framed in a Lululemon sports bra and tights. Deja had watched over the months as their intense workout routine not only refined Christina's figure, but also seemed to build a surge in her demeanor and confidence. Deja felt like an artist painting a large oil canvas, bringing to life not just a sexy body but also a stronger spirit and a nuanced character, a new Christina, now the picture of perfection.

But still, Deja had to keep reminding herself to keep things professional. She had hooked up with some clients, but always let them make the first move. Of course, if that move ever did happen, she would be ready, as she had fantasized about it countless times.

"Great hustle on those hang power cleans. You muscled through them." Deja gave Christina a fist pound and smiled confidently, the perfect porcelain whiteness of her teeth shining brightly against a smooth dark coffee bean complexion. Christina returned a modest smile, flattered. "Really," Deja assured her, "you're becoming a panther."

She noticed Christina lightly touch her own bicep. She knew the feeling of a pumped muscle, and she knew how irresistible it was to admire your own body in that way, engorged with blood from a well crafted workout. A male lover once told Deja that when he was hard, it felt just like a pumped muscle, a cocktail of euphoria and lust. Christina looked at Deja. "I'm spent from the workout but I kind of want to do a little more to keep feeling this pump."

"I'm so down." The hour was over, but it was Friday evening and Deja didn't have anymore clients today, so she had time for a little extra work on the house. "Let's go over to the bench with your husband and see if we can join."

Vlad, Christina's husband, was repping out bench presses. Another gym member, Kai, was spotting. Vlad often lifted while his wife had her sessions with Deja. He was athletic and had always stayed active, but lately he had been putting on extra muscle. Christina had mentioned this to Deja recently, confiding in her that his bigger, harder body had been nice to wrap her arms around and, of course, legs around. He grunted as he pushed through his last rep at 225 lbs.

Deja and Christina walked over as he finished. "Nice set man," said Kai, helping Vlad rack the bar. "You're getting into some legit weight now." Kai was one of the fitness models who frequented Body Rock. He had a v-shaped frame and was super cut. He made a living posing for magazine blurbs and supplement ads, and he had to stay chiseled and muscular without looking like a hulk. His Samoan father and Italian mother had given him a wonderfully unique and intriguing face with a strong jaw, Asian eyes, and full lips.

"Do you hot boys mind if we work in?" Deja asked. Flattery was not a cheap sales trick to keep her membership happy. She just loved to flirt, and did it unapologetically. She owned the damn gym, so she was going to enjoy it. Of course, she knew both Vlad and Kai well, so calling them "hot" was taken as pretty innocent gym chatter. 

"Yeah hop in. Christina you sure you want to toss some iron with us?" Kai teased.

"Oh you think I can't hang? Let me get 115 on there." Kai and Vlad grinned and changed the weights on the bar. Christina was doing less than they had, of course, but 115 was a respectable women's bench press weight. Christina set herself on the bench, braced, took a deep breath in, and ripped through 4 reps before struggling through a 5th. 

"Get one more," Kai encouraged as he helped her push through a 6th rep. 

"Nice work baby," Vlad exclaimed proudly. Christina sat up and swung her arms around a bit, breathing deeply. It never got old for Deja, watching Christina enjoy the pump, this time in her chest and triceps. She especially loved when her female clients felt the desire for strength and muscular beauty that so many often fear as being too manly.

"Ok my turn," Deja said, excited. "I want to start at 135." She crushed 10 reps with no help.

"Damn, ok, that was amazing," Christina said. "I think I got a little turned on by how easy that was for you." She giggled. Deja knew Christina was just joking, but her imagination still ran off for a moment. When her attention returned to the room, Kai was adding plates to the bar.

"Let me get 275 buddy," said Kai, looking at Vlad.

"Right on," he said, appearing to regain his composure from some distant thought. Apparently his imagination had run off a bit too, Deja realized, grinning.

Vlad and Kai often crossed paths at Body Rock, mainly because they had similar workout schedules. Well, at least, that's probably as far as Vlad had assumed. Deja figured Kai probably didn't mind helping out Vlad, and so their matched up schedules may have been more than a coincidence. Afterall, Vlad was pretty cute with his sharp blue eyes, youthful fair skin, and light stubble on his chin and above his upper lip. 

Deja, of course, knew Kai was gay, but doubted Vlad did. Most would never guess that, given the mainstream view of "masculine" looking guys. And she could tell that Kai liked that he could casually hang out with Vlad without complicating things.

Kai pushed out 8 strong reps at 275. He was wearing an old shirt with cut-off sleeves. Through the large arm holes that ran down his side, Deja admired his sweaty obliques and the sharp cliff where the bottom of his thick chest muscle met his ribs. As he stood up, she caught a glimpse of a nipple that slipped out just a bit. "My god," she thought, "I love my job."

"Alright Vladdy, you're up," said Kai. "Let's work up to see if you can hit a 1-rep max. Start with 245?"

"That's already my 1-rep max."

"Yeah I don't know man, you just did 6 reps of 225."

"Come on Vlad," Deja pleaded. "Flex your peacock feathers for your wife. And for me." She smiled at Christina.

"Ok ok ok fine. Let's do it."

Vlad pushed up 245 without much trouble. "That's hot baby," Christina said.

They went through the rotation again. Christina did a set to keep her pump going. Then Deja did one, wondering if Christina might be getting a little wet watching her chest and arms flex and strain through the heavy set -- a thought that aroused her a little too. Then Kai did a set at some absurdly high weight and made it look like he was still warming up. Then Vlad hit 255, a new personal record.

"Nice work baby!" shouted Christina. 

Deja patted him on the chest has he stood up. "What an animal! Take a breather and go after 260," she said.

"I don't know, that was pretty tough. Maybe I go for that next week."

"Nah dude," Kai said, "I'm not letting you leave until you hit 260." Vlad pondered for a moment.

"I'll suck your dick on the way home if you do it," Christina joked. Everyone laughed. 

Well, it was sort of a joke, Deja thought. "Oh Christina I like that," she said. "That's how you get someone to break some personal records." On a few occasions in the past, Deja had actually tried some pretty experimental training practices that leveraged sex as a powerful motivator. Of course, she only did this with discreet clients with whom she had already had established a sexual relationship, and who could afford to pay for private after-hours time at the gym. The results were astounding. But it wasn't a topic she had felt comfortable discussing within the fitness industry. She hoped that one day she could be a pioneer of a sex-positive fitness method.

"I have an idea," she continued, looking at Christina. "Once Vlad gets set up, why don't you help remind him of his motivation," she said smoothly, grinning.

Kai's eyes widened a bit. He had been a part of one of Deja's special workout sessions. When Deja first approached him with the idea, they had already been acquainted sexually from a ravenous night at Kai's with his boyfriend. Deja's proposal was to leverage erotic energy in the gym, one which Kai enthusiastically accepted. So their next threesome was in Deja's gym, after close. It was a long workout, followed by a gloriously sore day-after. And there were a number of follow up sessions, some of which included other clients who Deja was on ramping into this new realm of fitness.

"Haha what do you mean?" Christina asked. "You want me to talk dirty to him while he lifts?"

"That's one option," Deja responded. "But that may be a little too distracting. Try just a hand around his package." 

Deja hoped she sounded confident but also welcoming. She knew she wasn't supposed to be instigating this kind of thing. But it wasn't like she was fraternizing with the clientele here, she told herself. She's just encouraging the clientele to get a little adventurous. And besides, they were married.

"Oh," Christina giggled, looking at her husband. She looked around the gym. It was just the four of them. It must have been past closing time. "Ok!" 

Vlad gulped and forced out a smile. He lay back on the bench and got into position. Christina reached down and grabbed all of his parts over his shorts. Within a few breaths, it looked like she was starting to run out of room in her hands for his expanding bulge.

Vlad braced. Kai helped him with the lift off. Vlad powered through the rep. "Yes baby!" Christina gasped. Deja caught her giving Vlad's shaft a nice squeeze.

Kai and Deja shared a look, as if to ask each other, "should we?" Kai took the lead.

"Ok Deja, your turn." Deja gladly hopped on the bench as Kai and Vlad set up her weights. "Christina, you want to give her a hand like you did for Vlad?"

Christina was still on her knees, beside the bench. She looked up at Vlad. He shrugged and nodded his head -- if she was ok with it, he was. Deja reached up from the bench to rest a hand on the back of Christina's neck. "I'd love to feel your touch during this set. I think it'll help me get a few extra reps."

Christina put her hand on Deja's thigh. It was like sculpted marble wrapped in spandex leggings. Her quads were huge -- like those of an olympic track star, curving and rippling into her hips and butt. Christina moved her hand up Deja's leg to her lower abdomen. Her abs were also hard. Deja parted her legs. Her quads were so thick, she had to spread them quite a bit to give Christina room to explore her. And she did, slowly.

Deja grabbed the bar, feeling a slight tingling not just from Christina's caresses, but also from the excitement of the setting, with Christina, her young, innocent client, in front of two others, touching her, losing her inhibitions in the experience.

Deja grabbed the bar and started her set. She felt Christina's fingers find the lips of her pussy through her tight leggings. She grunted through each rep, arms and chest flexing, legs and core tightly braced. Christina reached her other hand to feel Deja's abs contract. It was an admiring hand, and Deja knew Christina's other hand would soon feel how wet she was.

When her set was over, Deja was panting, and so was Christina. Deja rested her arm on Christina's shoulder, her hand draped over her back. Vlad and Kai looked at each other, with no words. Deja sat up. "Thank you Christina," she said, kissing her on the neck. Christina was paralyzed for a moment. Deja stood up and helped her up too. "Kai, I want to see what you can do. And I bet Vlad and Christina do too."

"Ok," he nodded, grinning.

"But first, can we admire you for a moment?" She grabbed his shirt from the bottom and pulled it up over his head, revealing a body like the ones you see on Calvin Klein underwear packaging. She stepped behind him and reached her arms around him, running her hands over his abs and chest. "Come feel this, guys."

Christina looked at Vlad. Her eyes seemed to subdue his hesitation. She grabbed him by the hand and walked him over to Kai. They both explored Kai's torso with their hands.

Deja slipped her hands under the elastic waistband of Kai's shorts, running them around to his back side and reaching down to squeeze his bare ass with both hands. "Vlad, feel this," she said, grabbing Vlad's left wrist and forcing his hand around Kai and down to his right cheek. "There, give it a good feel." 

Vlad kept his hand relaxed at first, running it over the contours of Kai's glute, down to the crease with his hamstring and back up again. He looked at Kai's chest and abs and continued to rub his right hand all over his front torso, holding on tight to Kai's ass. As Deja watched Vlad inch closer to Kai, she noticed his cock was pressed out into his shorts, and rubbing against Kai's right thigh. Then she saw that Kai was hard too.

"Let's oil him up," Deja said. She walked to the back office.

When she returned, the two boys did not notice. Their faces were pressed together in a slow sensuous tongue dance. She gave Christina a pump of massage oil and then one for herself too. They lathered Kai as Vlad continued to make out with him.

Deja took a step back and looked at Kai. The way the light hit his oiled body, glistening, made him look even more ripped than before. Christina embraced Vlad and kissed him on the neck, as if to tell him that everything was ok. "Let's suck his cock together."

Christina grabbed him by the arm and pulled him down, kneeling. They both were eye level with the outline of Kai's cock bulging under his shorts. It was pressed to the side by his compression underwear, pointing to his right hip. Christina reached out and brushed her hand along it.

Deja, still standing behind Kai, slipped her hands around his waist and pulled his shorts over his cock. As the waistband slipped below Kai's shaft, it emerged and pointed straight outward, a drop of precum running down its head as it bounced in front of Vlad and Christina. They kissed. In between kisses, she said, "oh you're excited about Kai's cock, aren't you?"

"I am baby. I want to suck it with you," Vlad said. Deja had no idea Vlad would be so quick to embrace this experience. Perhaps he wasn't as vanilla as she had assumed.

"Do you like how it is so hard for us?"

"Mmhmmm," he said as he plunged his tongue into Christina's mouth and rubbed her pussy over her leggings.

Christina turned towards Kai's cock and grabbed the shaft. Vlad slipped his mouth over the glans. He felt the weight on his tongue. It was warm and salty, filling his mouth. Vlad and Christina passed it back and forth like they were sharing a three scoops of ice cream on a big messy sugar cone.

"I want to see Kai pump his muscles up a little bit," Deja said. "Let him get set up on the bench. But let's keep his cock out so you two can keep him worked up."

"Yeah I want to see him pump hard," said Christina, standing up and squeezing Kai's cock in one hand and his large left bicep in the other.

Vlad and Deja loaded up the bar. Kai set up on the bench, laying a towel down for his bare ass. Christina straddled the end of the bench. Kai's powerful legs were braced outward, outside of hers. Deja peaked between his spread thighs. His balls were taut so that they did not touch the bench. She scanned up his sprouting shaft, still shiny wet. As Christina reached out to grab it, Vlad walked behind her and manhandled her by the hips, pulling her up off the bench and bending her over towards Kai's cock. She inhaled it as Vlad slid his into her wet pussy from behind. 

Deja stood above the bar to spot, looking at the scene in front of her. Vlad still had his shirt and shoes on, but nothing else. He was plunging slowly in and out of his wife, who was moaning with each thrust, moans which were muted by the cock that filled her mouth. Kai was flexing his oily core and gripping the bar, ready to rip a set. She helped him lift the weight off the rack and then let him get to it.

She was both aroused and proud of what had unfolded. She had had many experiences like this, sexualizing her workouts. With each rep, she knew that Kai was feeling an enormous wave of endorphins rush over his body. The burn in his pecs as he continued the set would progressively evolve from a sore pain to an erotic one. She could tell he wanted more reps and more pain. Deja reached down to help him as his reps slowed, but he wanted more. She had lost count. Each rep was more of a struggle than the previous, but she knew that just made each rep more erotic. He groaned. Deja grabbed the bar and re-racked it as he exploded in Christina's mouth. 

Christina milked Kai, who was trembling. It looked like he had almost blacked out from the exertion. Christina was still moaning as Vlad continued to thrust inside of her. Deja walked around to Vlad and pulled him away from Christina, slipping her dark hand around his drenched white cock. Christina turned around and stood up to join them. Deja placed her other hand on Christina's pussy, rubbing for a few strokes and then inserting a finger.

"I don't want you two to come just yet." She smiled, stroking them both slowly. All parts of Kai were sprawled on the bench, his muscles and cock glistening, panting.

Deja spent the next thirty minutes putting the married couple through a salacious workout. Vlad did face-fucking pushups with Christina below him. Christina did a 2 minute plank hold, thanks mostly to Vlad's warm tongue massaging on her pussy the whole time. Deja walked them through many other similar arrangements, seducing more and more bicep curls, squats, pull ups, and sit ups. 
