 I was on, yet, another trip to do my 'consulting' thing for my former employer. Hubby and I had moved to Phoenix for his job and my former bosses threw a ton of money at me to help them facilitate a smooth transition of the buy-out of a competitor, as well as train a new staff. It required that I fly back to Denver weekly with all expenses paid by the company.

The money was too good to refuse and, in truth, I'm a bit of a workaholic anyway. Hubby traveled in his job and with no kids at home, why not do the consultant gig? 

Exactly, so I did...

The buy-out was three months done and the expected bumps in the road were, for the most part, ironed out. Ironed out to the point that I was able to leave the office early that Wednesday for some 'me' time away from the questions, the phones, etc. A rare event over the life of the merger, believe me!

I took a leisurely lunch and decided to do a bit of shopping. Well, looking mostly, just killing time, just enjoying the fact that twenty people didn't need my attention for a change. I was browsing through the casual section at a very 'tony', upscale, Women's Department Store when I heard Val's voice. Never a doubt about it being Val's voice with that honey-dripping, southern accent.

"Sugar? Is that really you?" Val called from two racks away. 

She always called me "Sugar" or "Suge", short for 'Sugar-Britches', she said.

"Val? What a nice surprise."

It was a nice surprise. Val was my first bisexual experience when Hubby and I first entered the lifestyle known as "Swinging". Val's mouth dripped honey when she talked but not as much as when she buried her face in another woman's snatch.

"Suge, honey, I thought ya'll had moved."

I gave Val the short version of my consulting gig and before I knew it, we were down the street, sipping cocktails, at a hotel lounge that was nearby.

We got through the 'catching up' crap and had ordered our second drink when she tossed an idea out on the table for me to consider.

"I can't tell you how glad I am to see you again, Sugar, I've missed that fine twat of yours," Val said, smiling at me afterwards. Still smiling, she asked, "So, why haven't I heard from you?"

That explanation of the tremendous amount of work involved took much longer than I wanted but, in the end, she accepted the fact that I'd been a busy little beaver, no pun intended.

"How's your schedule tomorrow evening?" She asked, her hand slipping over mine, her fingers teasing my skin.

"Um, I don't think I've got anything planned," I managed to say despite the palpatations I was feeling from her touch.

Okay...I was okay until I felt her touch. Val has a wonderful, sensuality about her when she's feeling frisky. And she was my first cruise on Sapphic waters. And she had a 'way' of turning me to mush with a touch, a look...hell, truth be told, I always, later, would compare the taste of another woman's pussy when I was going down on her, to the taste of Val's. Most were great but none compared to Val.

Yes, when it came to Val, I was definitely 'pussy-whipped'.

"Wonderful," she continued, "You'll join Bob and I, and a few friends, for a little get together at our place. I'll pick you up at your hotel at 'six-ish', Okay?"

Bob was her husband...a nice enough guy with a boatload of family money, gentlemenly manners, and a thick dick.

Well, okay!, I thought to myself, finding myself immediately horny at the thought of what may be. Who was I kidding? I knew when I accepted the invite for a drink after running into Val that if the opportunity presented itself to bed Val, I would take it. That I would probably get to ride Bob's 'cockus-gigantis' was a bonus in my view.

The next day flew by for me as I made damned sure that there would be no need for me to stay late at the office. Showering at my hotel, I even managed to have some meaningful 'me' time with a wonderful orgasm under the warm water, my 'mind-movie' being that of my very first taste of Val's sweet pussy.

She pulled up in front of my hotel exactly at six, peeling out into traffic before I was buckled into my seatbelt.

"Turn your legs towards me," she said to me, her eyes never leaving the road.

I did as asked, parting them, slightly, when her hand slipped between my knees, her fingers slowly creeping up my thigh, and my pussy starting to throb in expectation.

"Mmmm, but that feels good, Suge," she slowly said when her finger slipped under my panties and found my 'little man'.

Oh yeah, did it ever feel good.

Opening my legs a bit more, I grasped her wrist with my hands, moving her finger until it was poised at the entrance to my love canal. Her eyes slipped to the side to glance at me as she slowly pentetrated me with her finger, slowly slipping it into me until her knuckle pressed against my pubic bone. I closed my eyes and leaned my head against the car window and let her finger-fuck me as she drove us to her house.

"About tonight," she said as she fingered me, "there will be a few other people there and, well, I'm sure it'll wind up with people getting naked and fucking. You okay with that? I mean, without your guy and all that?"

I should have thought twice about my response. I should have had some moral ambiguity about attending a swinger's 'thing' without Hubby. I should have, but, I didn't.

"I'll fuck anybody you want me to," I said, and meaning it,"as long as I get some playtime with you."

"Oh Suge, don't you worry about that, I'm definitely going to have my face in your sweet pussy tonight, hear me?" She responded and with that response, I climaxed, my hands holding her wrist tightly, holding her finger in my pussy as I rubbed against it.

After I finished climaxing, she slipped her finger from my now-wet pussy and, sucking slowly, she licked my juices from it, smiling the whole time.

"Suge, we have about fifteen minutes before we get to the house," She said as I felt the front seat move backwards from her commnd to the power seat control, "think you'd like a taste before we get there?"

And lifting her ass, she pulled her dress up around her hips, exposing her naked pussy to me. Spreading her legs open as she drove, she said, "Come here baby, come say hello to momma."

Unbuckling my seatbelt, not caring if the world was watching on big screen TVs, I leaned over and dropped my head into her lap, my tongue finding her sweet-tasting snatch quickly. She placed her hand on the back of my head, gently pushing me deeper into her lap, my tongue feeling as if it died and went to heaven.

Eight minutes. Eight minutes is what it took for me to get her off. 

"Now that's the way to begin a fun evening, Suge," Val said as she pulled into her driveway and then, into her garage. Leaning over after she had shut off the car, we kissed for a deliciously long time, our hands on each other's tits as we took turns in each other's mouth with our tongues.

"Later, after we've had some fun with the others, you and me, Suge, in our own private sixty-nine, okay?"

"Okay," was all I could muster. I was ready for that sixty-nine now but I'd have to wait. Well, okay then, I thought to myself as we walked into the house, let's find somebody to fuck.

Everybody had arrived within the next half-hour; some, well, two, I knew from the swingers club that Hubby and I frequented when we lived here. The others were all new to me. Nice folks, easy on the eyes and easy to talk with and, most importantly, easy to consider having sex with.

Bob was the ultimate host. Drinks aplenty, magic herb making rounds around the room, soft music, low lights and the hot tub bubbling from the jets. Leaning over to me when he sat down next to me on a couch, Bob whispered into my ear, "I am so looking forward to fucking you again, it's been too long."

"Play your cards right," I jokingly replied, "and I'll ride that big dick of yours until you beg for mercy," laughing after I said it.

"As I remember it, you were able to suck off a few others when you rode my dick," he joked back, "you still able to do that?"

"We'll just have to see, won't we?" I replied as I sucked a cherry off of a stem from my drink.

Looking around the room, I saw Val talking, in a corner of the den, with a very young woman. Young as in over eighteen (hopefully) but not in her twenties. She was short, athletically fit, with store-bought boobs that looked good on her. Val caught my eye and motioned me to join them.

"Suge", Val said to me when I walked up, "I'd like you to meet Sue, a new 'friend' of mine from the health-club. Sue wants to fuck us, don't you, Sue?"

"Yes" came the soft reply.

"Sue wants to fuck us both, later, after we've had a few cocks in our pussies, don't you Sue?"

"Yes" 

"Sue's here as my guest, and all of the others know that they can have you join them as a sex partner, right, Sue?"

"Yes"

The whole time Val was having this conversation with Sue, Val's hands were massaging Sue's ample breasts, and lifting my hand to one of Sue's tits, I joined in the fondling fun.

Two minutes later, a couple motioned for Sue to join them as they headed upstairs to a bedroom. Smiling at us both...I thought she was going to fucking curtsy, for God's sake...she turned on her heels and took the couple's hands and followed them up the stairs.

"Not the sharpest knife in the drawer," Val remarked as we both watch the three of them disappear down an upstairs hallway, "but Suge? that young thing loves to eat pussy and she does it well!"

Bob joined us and after a few minutes of chit-chat, Val left us, saying, "Have fun you two, I think I'm going to give somebody head." And with that said, she walked into the dimly lit den and up to a younger couple sitting on a sofa.

Don't know what she said, or to whom, but within five minutes of joining them, Val was on her knees, between his spread legs, giving him what appeared to be a world-class blowjob. The kicker of that little scenario is that while blowing the husband, she was also finger-fucking the wife!

Bob and I (and others) watched in awe of her cock-sucking skills. He was behind me and I felt his giant cock come to life pressing into my ass-cheek.

"Somebody woke up," I said with a bit of a smart-assed tone.

"Yeah, gonna' do something 'bout it?" He smart-assedly replied.

Reaching with my hand behind my back, I grabbed his cock through his pants, squeezed it, loving the feel of its thickness as my hand strained to grasp it. Stroking him firmly now, I leaned back into his chest and, turning my head up towards him, I said, "Yes, I will... you lead the way and find us a place to fuck each other's brains out."

"You up for some company to join us?" He asked as he reached around with his hand to cup and fondle my braless tits through the sheer blouse.

Truthfully, at that point, I would have fucked a Pit Bull! 

"Whatever," I said, "let's get this done."

I followed him into the master bedroom. This was after he excused himself for a few minutes to "talk to some folks", he said. While he did that, I fixed myself a shot of Tequila, downed it and had two more. 

I was ready for whatever!

Bob turned me around and kissed me, his tongue diving deep into my open mouth, his hands all over me. Slowly, the realization of having more than two hands on my body hit me. As I pulled away from Bob's mouth, another mouth found mine and began kissing me, hands on my breasts, on my ass, undoing my skirt and blouse, fondling and getting me super-horny. 

Scared? No, not at all. Horny and ready to fuck and suck? You bet'cha!

As my panties hit the floor I looked around and realized that three other guys had joined Bob and I. Stepping over to the bed, I turned towards them and said, "Okay, but if I'm naked, everybody's naked."

I don't know if there's a world record for four guys stripping at the same time, but if there is, they broke it.

I was soon smothered by their hands, their mouths, cocks bumping into me as they moved over my body. Soon, I had two guys sucking on my breasts as my hands stroked them, another guy between my legs eating me, and Bob's big cock gagging me as I sucked him. 

And I loved it! I absolutely surrendered to the moment and let them feast on my body, surrendered to the changes of cocks as I sucked on each, in turn.

Climbing on top of Bob after he had recovered from damn near drowning me with his cum when he had climaxed, I slipped my very wet pussy over his thick dick and lowered myself, slowly letting its thickness fill me. 

After we had gotten into a rhythm, I sucked off two of the guys as Bob fucked me hard. They climaxed right before I did, screaming my pleasure loudly. I was still riding my own orgasm when Bob had his, his thrusts feeling as if he'd split me wide open.

After a bit of rest, and a shared doobie, I took the fourth guy between my legs and fucked him hard. And yes, I 'pulled the train' that night with them, fucking all four of them, one after the other.

Yes, I felt slutty, but, you know what? I was okay with that. I'd be lying if I said that I didn't enjoy it and/or want it. I don't ask for approval. I don't need it.

It was a couple of hours before the four of us went back downstairs. Val was just finishing with another guy, just finished sucking his cock clean, when I found her. Standing, she took my hand and said,"Now, you, me, and Sue, my bedroom, now."

Finding Sue talking with a couple, Val took her by the hand and, without a word to Sue or the couple, walked up the stairs with Sue and I in tow, heading for the same bedroom in which I had just fucked and sucked my brains out!

But, that story deserves it's own space and will be the next tale I tell.