 My wife and I met during our senior year in college. She had just transferred to finish her degree closer to home and for me at least, it was love at first sight. One afternoon, I was walking to class with my life-long buddy and then roommate, Brad, when I saw Michelle walking across the campus. I'm a leg man and when I saw this beautiful blonde with blue eyes, about 5'10", wearing a tight mini skirt and t-shirt, her 34C breasts bouncing freely as she walked, she immediately caught my attention.

I elbowed Brad and told him, "I'm going to marry that woman."

Brad laughed at me and said, "You'll be lucky if she'll even talk to you Ken."

My best friend knew I was kind of shy around women, a complete opposite of him. He was a "player" and had a new girlfriend every week or two. He was the life of the party, a "bad boy," that some women can't resist. I had a few girlfriends but had long dry spells too. Brad didn't exactly give me a vote of confidence with that statement.

It turns out Michelle and I had one class together and I gathered up all my courage to strike up a conversation with her. We seemed to hit it off from the beginning. We started dating casually, which turned exclusive. We began to spend nights either at her apartment or mine.

The longer we dated, the more comfortable Michelle became around Brad. She didn't care for his lifestyle of sleeping with a new girl so often but found him fun to be around. He made her laugh and she teased him about being a "male slut." It wasn't unusual for Michelle to be at my apartment in the morning and would often walk around in one of my old t-shirts while making breakfast. My shirts barely covered her ass and her nipples could be seen through the haze of the cotton so Brad would often get glimpses of my girlfriend's panties or tits.

I knew he was checking her out but it made me proud that, for once, Brad was envious of me. I found that it turned me on a little but never said anything as I found it difficult to admit, even to myself. One time, Brad "accidently" walked in on Michelle coming out of the shower. He swore he didn't know she was in there. She was a little annoyed but didn't seem to be angry about Brad seeing her nude.

I was a proud man when Brad told me, "You struck gold buddy. She is gorgeous."

That night, Michelle and I had some great sex. I knew I was turned on by knowing my best friend saw her naked and wished he were me. I liked the fact that another man wanted to screw her. It never occurred to me that it may have turned her on too.

After that day, I took notice that Michelle seemed to get more comfortable around my roommate and was less discrete in trying to ensure he didn't see her in various stages of undress. She didn't mind him seeing her walking from the bathroom to our bedroom in her bra and panties, or didn't go out of her way to keep her legs together when wearing a short skirt while lounging on the sofa. One morning, she came into the kitchen wrapped in a towel, fresh from her shower, while Brad and I were having a cup of coffee and her towel accidentally came undone and fell to the floor. She casually kept conversing with us while she picked up the towel and wrapping it around her again, but not before giving us a great view of her naked body. Part of me thought she did it on purpose. The odd thing to me is that I wasn't jealous at all.

Brad picked up on her teasing and would always seem to find a way to brush up against her and even grab her butt or give it a friendly slap. None of this bothered us as this was Brad being Brad and by now he knew we were serious in our relationship. I'm sure he jerked off more than once thinking of what he wanted to do with my girlfriend.

Just before the end of the school year, Michelle and I thought Brad was spending the night with his latest girlfriend so we began making out in the living room, which led to me fucking her on the sofa. Just as she was about to cum, Brad came through the door and caught us.

Michelle said, "Don't stop," and wrapped her legs around me, preventing me from pulling out.

I was close to cumming too, so I continued to fuck her hard while Brad looked on. She had an intense orgasm with my roommate looking on and I was quick to follow. When we were done, Michelle got up quickly and retreated to the bathroom while Brad and I stared at her naked body, her tits bouncing as she hastily moved across the room. When she returned we were both a little embarrassed but we all had a good laugh over it too.

Later on in bed, before we turned off the lights, I told Michelle that Brad was probably jerking off in his room thinking about what he had seen. She then started to get frisky again and I ended up fucking her again that night. She seemed turned on by getting caught and liked the idea of Brad being in the next room jerking off. 

She was talking louder and her moaning even louder when she was telling me, "Fuck me Ken. Fuck me hard. Oh yeah. Just like that. Fuck me." I think she was trying to torment Brad or give him some extra stimulation for his jerk off session.

After graduation, Michelle and I decided to move in together by ourselves as our relationship continued to blossom but Brad was still a frequent visitor. We both got jobs and continued our education to get advanced degrees. This is when she started at the bank and I started at a small accounting firm. Our sex lives suffered as we tried to advance our careers and education but while it was less frequent, it was still hot when we got together.

Once we both had our Master's degree, we decided to get married and that led to a couple of children which put more pressure on our sex lives but we were still happy in our marriage and life in general. This was part of life that we had to deal with.

I think we were both feeling like we were getting a little older and wanted to enjoy life while we were still young enough to enjoy it and still in decent shape. She stays in shape by running, working out and the children keep her busy too. Her legs are long and lean and she still was not shy about showing them off in short skirts and tight runner's shorts.

I wasn't shy about sharing my fantasies or fetishes with my wife over the years as we experimented with some light bondage, role playing, experimenting with anal, etc. and she always told me, "Ken, you have a perverted mind."

I would jokingly respond, "Being a pervert is one of my better qualities." But we were doing our best to keep an active sex life.

Michele worked her way up to a supervisory position at the bank and dresses conservatively for work, mostly wearing business suits. She'll wear glasses instead of contacts because she says it makes her look more professional. I think it gives her the look of librarian which is really sexy to me. She doesn't wear heels that are too high because she is already tall and doesn't want to tower over people. She has a reputation of being a "bitch" at work but she is very professional, has a great work ethic, sets high standards for herself and those she supervises. At night and on the weekends it's an entirely different story. She is confident enough to still wear a high cut bikini and loves to show some cleavage. Her long legs and short skirts always attract the most attention. She is a "head turner" and likes to attract the attention of an appreciative man.

My work at an accounting firm keeps me busy, especially during tax season when I can pick up a few extra dollars on the side. I've always been a little more reserved than my friends but still had a great time in high school and college. I'm not just a nerd "bean counter" but I was a decent athlete but not great. I still stay in shape running with my wife and lifting weights in the garage. I'm a little taller than my wife, could stand to lose a couple of pounds, not bad looking but I definitely got the better end of the deal my marrying such a beautiful woman.

I love a woman in pantyhose or stockings and with my wife being so tall, her long legs were made for them. She knows that her legs get a lot of attention from men and isn't afraid to tease guys. I especially like seeing her go into action when she notices a guy looking at her. She will subtly cross and uncross them while they stare, knowing that sometimes her actions will cause her skirt to ride higher on her thighs or may allow them to see up her skirt. Other times, she will let her shoe dangle from her toes as she bounces her leg, almost forcing a man's attention to be drawn to her. She swears it's just a nervous habit but I have my doubts.

Each morning, I try to watch as my wife gets dressed. I really love watching her put on her pantyhose, rolling up one leg of the nylon material, then sticking her lovely painted toes into them before pulling them up to her mid-thigh, then repeating the process on the other side before standing to pull them up over her hips. I can't help but to run my hands over her long legs and giving her ass a little squeeze before shooing me away.

She wears panties underneath her hose during the week but if we go out on the weekends she will leave them behind. If we go to a better restaurant, I always make sure to use the valet parking so the attendant can get a nice view up her short dress as she climbs out. I, of course, encourage her to spread her legs a little wider to tease the young man. One time when we were leaving the restaurant, two attendants helped my wife into the car. The first one must have told his buddy, who joined him in getting a great view up my wife's dress and a peek at her pantyhosed covered pussy.

I was never jealous about other men checking her out; it actually made me proud knowing they were envious of me and wanted to sleep with her. She has a little fun teasing guys with my encouragement but never went too far. In the back of her mind, she was still a banker at heart but didn't mind showing her panties in a short skirt or giving a guy a quick peek down her shirt.

We had been married just over 5 years when we became parents for the second time and we both felt the pressure of work and family life. Each day seemed to be predetermined by commitments beyond our control such as work, picking up the kids from day care, getting them ready for bed, then turn in early ourselves out of pure exhaustion. Our sex life suffered and we wanted to have some fun for no other reason than to break the routine and feel alive again. We discussed swinging, but Michelle is more jealous than I am so that was out of the question. There is no way she was going to let me sleep with another woman.

Michele seemed to especially enjoy teasing my good friend Brad, my best friend since grade school. Brad and I had gone through a lot over the many years we've known each other. We got into trouble together, covered for each other when needed; we had each other's back. I trusted him with my life. Heck, we even lost our virginity on the same evening during a camping trip while in high school. We double dated a lot and I think he was envious that Michelle started dating me instead of him. In the end, he is like a brother to me. Michelle had gotten to know him well over the years too.

I think Michelle secretly liked flirting with Brad because it gave her the reassurance that she still had "it." They were always playfully flirting with each other and he would sometimes run his hands over her ass, giving it a little squeeze or "accidently" touch her breast. I wasn't jealous because I knew he would never attempt to screw my wife behind my back and my wife wasn't offended either. I had shown my best friend some pictures of Michelle in lingerie over the years and even some of her completely naked just to remind him she looked as good as ever. His increased desire for her turned me on as much as seeing the pictures of my wife turned him on.

I accidentally let it slip one night that Brad had seen some of the pictures I had taken. At first, Michelle was visibly annoyed with me. However, after her initial reaction, she was curious to what he thought. I told her that he really enjoyed them and was probably jerking off thinking of them. She found it hard to believe but I kept telling her how much my buddy adored her and her body. I found it odd that she never told me to stop showing him pictures.

One time I had her pose in a new garter, stocking and bra set for me and I told her, "Brad is going to love these pictures."

All she said in response was, "Ken, you're being a pervert again."

My joking reply was, "You seem surprised by that." We both chuckled and had a great sexual romp.

For some reason, she never seem to appreciate how truly attractive she is, especially when she works so hard to keep in shape after having a couple of kids. Brad was never shy about complimenting my wife when he saw her and would openly stare at her when he would see her in a bikini while swimming in our pool. In all honesty, it turned me on knowing that other men desired my wife. I encouraged her to dress in revealing clothes when we went out and especially if Brad was going to be around. There is something about another man wanting to fuck my wife that made her more desirable to me. I had what they wanted.

When I first suggested a possible threesome with Brad, I don't think Michelle wanted to openly tell me how much it excited her. She didn't outright refuse but had a few concerns. She was naturally concerned that I would be jealous and if so, that it might ruin our marriage. I had to reassure her several times that not only did I find the idea of her fucking another man while I watched extremely exciting, but that I thought it would liven up our own sex life too. I told her that we could try it once and if either one of us didn't want to do it again, that would be the end of it.

It took several months for Michelle to warm up to the idea or at least admit it to me. I did notice that during those few months of indecision that she was becoming more of a flirt around Brad and wearing more revealing clothes, maybe going without a bra or making sure she just happened to where the tightest shorts she owned when he was around. There was an increase in sexually suggestive comments. Maybe she had to confirm that another man really wanted to sleep with her.

We used the thought of a threesome as part of our foreplay before sex and I had her imagine what it would be like to fuck Brad during sex. I think this helped my wife warm up to the idea and she knew it was something I really wanted her to do; it wasn't just a fleeting idea but she was still reluctant to move forward. One evening just before we went to bed, Michelle walked into my home office and caught me watching a porn video. She kept pressing me to show her what I was watching. It was a video of guy watching his best friend fucking his wife.

She asked me straight out, "So, you really want me to fuck Brad, don't you?"

"Yes, Michelle, the thought really, really turns me on."

"But a fantasy is one thing and reality might not be the same."

"I know, but I'm willing to at least give it a shot."

She didn't say anything but took my hand and led me upstairs to our bedroom where we had some great sex.

While she was blowing me, she would stop and ask, "So, you wouldn't mind if I sucked Brad's cock like this?" and "How about if I licked his balls like this?"

My only response was, "I would love to watch you on your knees blowing him."

After she got naked she asked me, "I know Brad saw me naked years ago and you've shown him some recent pictures but how would you feel if he saw me right now?" She began a slow, sexy striptease. 

"It wouldn't bother me in the least dear. I think you are the sexiest woman alive."

While we were fucking she asked, "Do you really want to see Brad between my legs shoving his cock into my pussy?"

"I sure do, now more than ever."

She then looked straight into my eyes and said, "Fuck me Brad, fuck me hard for Ken. Oh, your cock feels so good Brad."

Michelle was taunting me and I loved it. Apparently, she liked the sex talk too because she had a wild orgasm just before I shot my load into her. The next morning, we had long talk about if we should really go through with this. She admitted the thought turned her on too but she was afraid it might ruin our marriage if things didn't go the way we fantasized. When we finally agreed that we would ask Brad to join us in our marital bed, we also agreed that if at any point during the encounter either one of us had second thoughts, then we would stop immediately, no questions asked.

I was a little nervous when I first talked to Brad about sleeping with my wife. Even though we had known each other for decades, I was worried he'd think I was nuts. We were out at a local sports bar watching a football game. During half time, after a few beers, I told Brad that sex between Michelle and I had become a little stale and we were looking for ways to liven things up a little.

When I told him we were talking about adding another man for a threesome he immediately interrupted me, "Ken, if you ever, ever want Michelle to fuck another guy, you better ask me first."

I smiled and replied, "That's why I'm bringing this subject up right now. I want you to fuck my wife. The only condition is I want to be there to watch and then join in later. You are sworn to secrecy too. If you ever breathe a word of this to anyone, I swear I'll kill you."

All Brad said was, "Just tell me when and where. You don't have to ask me twice. Your secret will be safe with me. No problem at all."

When I got home, I told Michelle that Brad had agreed to our proposal and I could see that she was trying to control her excitement. The kids were already in bed and Michelle and I couldn't wait to get into the bedroom. The anticipation of our pending threesome made us both horny. I told her how turned on I got whenever Brad would see her and undress her with his eyes. I couldn't wait for him to see her naked again and watch while she sucked his dick and fucked him. I had her call me "Brad" again while I fucked her that night and we had the best sex we've had in a while. We found the hot, steamy passion we seemed to have lost.

We decided to invite Brad over on Saturday night when my parents were taking the children for the night. Brad was to come over about 9 PM after Michelle and I enjoyed an adult dinner by ourselves. My wife was dressed in a short, low cut, little black slip dress with black stockings and matching G-string. She didn't wear a bra and her nipples poked out through the satin material. Her long blonde hair was perfectly contrasted by the black dress and her high heels made her long legs seem even longer. She made sure she gave the valet parking attendant a great view at her sheer G-string as she got out of the car.

A bottle of wine and some hot talk about what was about to happen later that evening made us both horny. I reassured her there wasn't a jealous thought in my head and how much I was looking forward to watching her with Brad. As a little preparation for later on, Michelle pulled her G-string to the side before we left the restaurant and gave the valet attendant a long view of her bare pussy while getting into the car. We both had a good laugh at the shocked look on his face, followed by a huge grin and growing bulge in his pants.

By the time we got home, we were both ready for whatever was about to happen. We had just prepared a couple of drinks when Brad rang the doorbell. He just stared at Michelle when she answered the door. He looked her up and down, telling her how great she looked. She kissed him on the cheek and invited him in. We sat around the bar, chatting to break the ice as everyone seemed a little nervous. Michelle's dress rode up her thighs and she wasn't shy about showing off her long, stocking covered legs while giving Brad peeks up her dress showing him her bare thighs and G-string.
