 After that fateful night at Richard's private glory hole, our lives settled down. It was back to work and taking care of the family. Whenever we were at one of our kid's soccer games, I couldn't help but wonder what the other parents would think if they knew Michelle got gang banged a week earlier. I knew the other dad's loved her 36Cc tits by the way they followed her with their eyes. The other PTA moms thought my wife was a conservative banker but they would never know what a whore she was when she let loose. At family gatherings, I would look over at her 5'10" frame and imagine her when she had dick after dick in her ass, mouth or cunt. Her family would be appalled if they knew what she had done.

It took a few weeks to find out the consequences of the cat being out of the proverbial bag. One Monday evening, after Michelle got home from work, she told me that she had run into Roger, the V.P. of the bank where she worked, in the elevator and said that we should get together sometime. She was so excited at the opportunity to socialize with one of the top people in the company. She told him we would be happy to but he insisted that she talk to me first to make sure it was OK. I had no idea how I was going to tell her, so I waited until the kids were sound asleep before I broke the bad news to her.

I handed her a drink. She refused at first but I told her, "No, you are going to need it."

She hesitantly took it and sat down with a worried look on her face.

"Michelle, I have to tell you something and you aren't going to be happy."

She looked at me curiously and asked, "What's the matter honey?"

"Well, that night we went to the glory hole at Richard's with Brad, well, Roger was there too. We even chatted for a few minutes."

She glared at me with her mouth open, not knowing what to say but managed to utter, "You're shitting me right?" She stared at me, hoping it was only a bad joke.

"It gets worse Michelle. He recognized me at your work party a few weeks ago and he knows that you were one of the women there."

She was frantic, "What the fuck am I going to do now? My career is ruined." Tears started flowing down her cheeks. She kept repeating, "What the fuck am I going to do? How do I explain this? I'm done, finished."

I went on, "Well, that's not all."

She looked at me, tears rolling down her cheeks, "How the fuck can there be more?"

You know the guy that wanted the private session with you, welllll..."

Her eyes widened. "That was Roger? Holy shit. I gave him a blow job, fucked him and he fucked my ass. Holy shit. I'm going to have to quit. I can never face him again."

She was scared, pissed off and confused. She was pacing in the living room trying to think of what to do. She was screaming at me, blaming all of this on me and my perverted mind. To be honest, I blamed myself too. I felt horrible.

I had a couple of hours to think about this after my wife first informed me of the invitation and I offered a suggestion, "It might not be as bad as you think."

"What the fuck do you mean by that Ken? My career is over. Are you some kind of asshole or what?"

I tried to calm her down. "Well, Roger is married so he has something to lose too if this ever gets out." I continued, "Michelle, this is an invitation for you to fuck him again. You both said how much you enjoyed each other that night."

My wife just glared at me, "My boss knows that I've fucked and sucked twenty guys in one night and your solution is to fuck him again?" Are you out of your ever loving mind?"

"Think about it Michelle. You both have a secret to keep. I'm not saying you should do anything with him, but I'm pretty sure that's what's on his mind."

"I don't know Ken. You are probably right but this was my worst fear, someone I know finding out what I did."

"Don't panic, everyone had a good time. He can't go around telling anyone either. You have as much on him as he does on you. He's probably worth millions so he probably has more to lose if his wife finds out. Maybe you should talk to him and see what he has to say."

"I don't have much of a choice, do I? I have to face him sooner or later."

Michelle didn't get much sleep that night and neither did I. My wife's career might be jeopardy and by extension, so might our marriage. Over breakfast she told me she was going to talk to Roger that day. It's not a conversation she ever thought she would have but she had to clear the air.

I was so nervous all day, fearing the worst; that word would spread throughout the company what a slut my wife had become and she would be forced to resign out of sheer embarrassment. Our sexual escapades would drive us into bankruptcy and end our marriage. I felt horrible.

Michelle called me just before lunch. My heart was racing waiting for her to tell me what happened. This is what she told me, "Well, I talked to Roger late this morning. He told me that our secret was safe with him, that he would never reveal what we had done to anyone; his lips were sealed. He would prefer that no one knew about it either. He doesn't tell anyone at work about Richard's place because people have big mouths. He also wants to be discreet."

I was so relieved. This just might work out after all.

She continued, "He told me the invitation to get together again was a way to break the ice on him knowing I was one of the women that night. He preferred that you tell me he knew. At first, I wanted to die, but he reminded me that evening I had told him I enjoyed being with him also. You were right, this was simply seeing if we could get together again sometime. If I refused, it would have no effect on my employment. Everyone in upper management loves my work ethic and production and he said I had a long, promising career at the bank. He would completely understand if I didn't feel comfortable with another rendezvous."

What we thought was the worst day of our lives certainly was looking much better. "What did you tell him?"

"I told him I would have to talk to you but we can discuss it later."

She then told me she had to go. My mind was racing at the possibilities. I knew it wasn't a good idea to mix work and pleasure but we had already, unknowingly, crossed that line. She enjoyed being fucked by Roger and he certainly enjoyed her too. I was anxious to talk this over with Michelle. We had to wait until the kids were in bed and then we both got a drink before we continued our earlier discussion.

I asked my wife how she felt about getting together with Roger again and she told me she had mixed feelings. He was a skillful lover who knew how to please a woman but she wasn't sure that continuing a sexual relationship with her boss was a good idea. She went on to say that after what we've already done with my friends and at Richard's that evening, that spending an evening with Roger wasn't that big of a deal. It wasn't anything more than them both enjoying sex with each other and she was leaning towards agreeing to it. I told her I was fine with whatever she decided. I've enjoyed our kinky experimentations but this was her call.

Michelle then stunned when she said, "Before you agree to anything, there's more."

I was a little confused. What else could there be? "What's that?"

"Well, um, Roger was wondering if he could spend an evening with me...alone." She couldn't even look me in the eye. Michelle knew how much I enjoyed watching her in action.

I was shocked. I had always been there to watch as my wife fucked other men but this was a twist I hadn't thought about. "Wow, I don't know about that. How do you feel about it?"

"I have mixed feelings about this too Ken. I don't want to do anything that would make you feel jealous or ruin our marriage but I've done so much over the past year and a half, this would be kind of mild in comparison and you've already seen me with him before."

She had a point, but I had some concerns. It was obvious she wanted to be alone with him too. "Let me think about this. It's not like we have to make a decision right now."

Over the next few days, every spare moment was consumed by the thought of Michelle fucking Roger without me watching. The more I thought about it, the more I liked the idea. It would add a new twist to what we had already done and if I found I couldn't handle it, it would be a one-time occurrence.

When I broached the subject with Michelle again, I told her, "I'm okay with you going on a date with Roger this one time under a couple of conditions."

"And those would be..."

I continued, "The first condition is that this is treated as a one-time deal. It has to be made clear to Roger that this would be the first and, probably, the last time you are alone with him and we'll see how we handle it."

"Okay, and what is the second condition?"

I smiled at my wife and said, "I want you to tell me every juicy detail as soon as you get home."

Michelle looked relieved and asked, "Are you absolutely sure Ken? I don't want to do anything that would hurt you or that you will regret later."

"I'm sure Michele. This would be like the first time with Brad. We agreed to try something new and if it wasn't what we expected, we wouldn't do it again."

"I love you Ken. I promise this will be a one-time date. I don't think I should get into a regular thing with Roger anyway. I promise I'll give you a blow by blow description afterwards, maybe I'll even send you a couple of pictures." She followed this with a wink and a devilish grin.

She took me to our bedroom and we had a passionate sexual romp at the thought of expanding our already kinky sex life. I was a little nervous about not being there to see my wife in bed with Roger, but I wanted to give her the opportunity to choose her partner. After all, I had a part in choosing the previous men and she was open to my fantasies so I wanted to return the favor.

On Monday morning, Michelle let Roger know that she agreed to go on a one time date with him and they set it up for Saturday night. Roger would send a car to pick her up at 7 PM and take her to a lakeside condo he owned where they would enjoy a romantic dinner prepared by his favorite chef and then spend the rest of the evening together.

When my wife got home that evening and told me she confirmed her date, we both got a little excited and nervous. We were about to enter a new phase of our sexual experimentations and it got the adrenaline pumping. We screwed a couple times during the week, getting excited in anticipation of what was going to happen on Saturday.

When the weekend came, Michelle went through the "what should I wear" syndrome. She must have gone through at least a half dozen outfits before settling on a simple navy blue, mini-dress with a deep V-neck and spaghetti straps that tied at the neck. She tied it loosely so the silk material hung loosely on her 36C breasts, showing plenty of cleavage and side boob. When she walked her breasts bounced freely with a very distracting jiggle. Her hard nipples poked through the silky top.

It hung about five inches below her ass, which, along with her four inch strap on heels, enhanced her long, slender legs of her 5'10" frame. The material clung to her shapely body to show off every lovely curve of her body, making her ass look so inviting. When she walked, the material would sway sexily across her ass. All she had on underneath was a pink lace thong. She wore just enough makeup to highlight her soft blue eyes along with soft pink lipstick.

My wife did a slow turn and asked, "Well, how do I look?"

"You look like you are about to give Roger an evening he will never forget. You look lovely. I can't wait to hear about your date."

"Thank you Ken. I love you so much for letting me do this."

Just then she received a text that her ride was outside. She gave me a nervous kiss on the cheek and closed the door behind her. My wife was off on her date with the V.P. of her bank, her boss, with the sole intention of fucking him with my permission. Our kids were at a sleepover and I spent the evening flipping channels anxiously wondering what Michelle and Roger were doing.

After about an hour, I got a text message on my phone from Michelle. It was a picture of her in her dress with a message that read, "Your wife looks lovely tonight."

It must have been Roger sending it from my wife's phone. I gave a simple response, "Thank you."

I got a charge out of knowing Michelle was posing for a picture to send to me. I began to watch a movie but had a difficult time concentrating on it.

A couple of hours later, I got another text. It was a picture of Michelle laying on a king sized bed, naked with her knees bent, feet up near her butt and her legs spread. Her labia were spread giving a nice view of her open pussy. "Your wife looks even better now."

All I could say was, "Enjoy."

I remembered Michelle saying she may send some pictures when we decided she would go on the date with Roger. They added to the excitement for me but I also went back and forth between feeling horny thinking of my wife fucking and sucking Roger and feeling a twinge of jealousy that I wasn't there to watch the action. The image in my mind of my wife on her knees sucking his cock or him humping her between her spread legs kept flashing through my head. I had more than a few drinks to calm my nerves and ended up falling asleep in my lounge chair with the remote in my hands.

I don't know how long I was asleep, but was awoken at about 2:30 AM by another text. There was an image of Michelle, bent over on the bed, her pussy glistening and cum oozing out of her asshole. "I'm done with your wife. She'll be home shortly."

I got an erection while looking at the picture knowing Michelle's lover was completely satisfied. I couldn't wait for her to get home. My heart started racing when I heard a car door slam at 3:30 AM. It was exhilarating knowing her date was over. I couldn't wait to see her and hear all about it. A few seconds later, I heard the door knob turning followed by the sight of Michelle walking through the door with her shoes in her hands. Her hair was mussed; her makeup washed off; her dress wrinkled and with that "just fucked" look on her face.

I didn't want to appear anxious so I casually asked, "Did you have a good time?"

She replied, "Yes dear. I had a wonderful time."

I got up, gave her a long kiss on her lips while slipping my hand between her legs. Dipping my finger into her pussy. After pushing her damp panties aside, I felt the unmistakable drippings of another man's cum in her. I immediately got hard and said, "You have to tell me all about it dear. I've been waiting all night to know what happened."

"If you fix me a drink, I'll tell you everything, every juicy detail."

I got us both a drink, then sat on the sofa with her waiting to get the entire story of her evening.

Roger's lakefront home was about a 30 minute drive from our house which provided Michelle a chance to relax during the drive. She wondered what the driver must have thought of her. Her attire certainly gave the impression this was going to be a fun filled night. She had a glass of champagne on the way there. When the driver pulled up to Roger's home, he was waiting outside, then greeted my wife with a gentle hug and peck on the cheek. He stepped back from their embrace to tell her how lovely she looked and how much he loved her choice of attire. Michelle's boss is in his early 50's, perfectly cut salt and pepper hair and still has the body of the athlete he was in college. She took his arm as he gave her a tour of the outside of his summer home before moving inside to see the five bedroom, five bath interior with a beautiful view of the lake.

They had a drink before dining with a view of the lake as the sun set. My wife made sure to lean forward at times to allow Roger a peek down her dress to tease him. They chatted over a light dinner which helped to relax her. Her V.P. was charming, mixing in a bit of work gossip along with displaying a sense of humor and taking opportunities to compliment her blue eyes, beautiful legs and her charm. He inquired about how we got into a sharing lifestyle and she explained it was simply an exciting way to break up the monotony of life. Michelle revealed she fucked a couple of my friends on occasion before going to Richard's that fateful night to really let loose.

Roger explained that he and his wife had a couple of older kids and they had an unspoken agreement that allowed each other to experiment with others but they still loved each other. He knew his wife had previous lovers and he suspected she knew about some of his but neither ever brought up the subject with their spouse. He didn't want to be too blatant in his outside interests so as not to embarrass his wife or give her any ammunition in case she decided to divorce him.

The sharing of some intimate secrets gave them a personal connection that would only make the evening that much better. It was more than a quick fuck and suck. After the staff cleared off the table from dinner, he dismissed them for the evening, leaving Michelle alone with Roger. They had a drink outside on the deck, overlooking the lake as the moon reflected off the water. They were making small talk, both seemingly waiting for the other to make the next move. It was then they were both silent, looking into each other's eyes, when without saying a word, they both leaned in to lightly kiss each other. One kiss lead to another, then another more passionate kiss as Roger's hands began to move softly across her body.

Michelle then told Roger, "It's getting chilly out here."

"Would you like to go inside?" Both knew exactly what she was saying and what he was asking.

"Yes I would like that."

With a knowing smile, Roger took my wife's hand and took her inside, grabbing a bottle of wine before leading her to a large master bedroom suite. He used a remote control to put on some soft music and to dim the lights that had a faint red hue. Michelle was gazing out of the floor to ceiling patio doors when Roger came up behind her, slipped his hands around her waist and began to kiss the nape of her neck. She melted into his arms as she felt his erection pressing against her backside as his hands moved up to cup her breasts. He played with her breasts for a few minutes before she turned around to face him. They kissed passionately while he untied the straps of her dress and peeled it down to release her bare breasts from the confines of the silk material. His mouth quickly covered one of her nipples while his hand played with the other.

Roger teased her tits and nipples, then unzipped the rest of her dress, letting it fall to the floor. She stepped out of her dress, and her lover quickly stripped off her thong. My wife kicked off her heels before helping her lover undress. They began to kiss once more with his fingers finding their way into her wet pussy. Michelle broke their embrace to begin licking and sucking on his nipples while slowly stroking him. She kissed and licked her way down his body until she was on her knees before him, jerking his 8" cock while seductively looking up into his eyes. She knows men like to make eye contact when receiving a blow job. He could see how much she enjoyed pleasing him with her lips.

My wife then kissed and mouthed his balls before rubbing his erection all over her face, worshipping the manhood in front of her. She used her lips and tongue to glide along the length of the shaft in place of her hands. She looked up at her lover as she began to flick her tongue around the head, seeing the look of pure pleasure and lust on his face. She desperately wanted to please him.

Michelle then took just the head into her mouth, giving the tip butterfly flicks as she sucked on it. Roger moaned in pleasure while placing his hands on her head, using gently pressure to encourage her to take him deeper. She teased the cock in her mouth for a few moments more before suddenly taking the entire length deep into her throat as her head bobbed in a long, slow motion. He was moaning and started to move his hips in rhythm to my wife's head bobs. She worked his dick faster but he had to stop her.
