 Mike Sims hated having to stay late when he was substitute teaching after school. He just wanted to get home to his fiancé, to the love of his life. Mike sighed audibly as he plodded toward his designated classroom. Today he was substituting at Sacred Heart High School, a girls-only institution, and he had to sit in and teach an after school class to a group of girls who had missed school for one reason or another—ditching, illness, etc. Mike wondered how long it would take for him to show the video he had been given. The girls' regular teacher, Mrs. Sanders, had told him to simply play the video. The students would take a quiz on the material on a different day. At least this won't be difficult, he thought.

Mike entered the room and saw about 20 girls sitting around, chewing gum, chatting with each other, and looking down at their phones. He set his bag down at the teacher's desk and addressed the girls, "Good afternoon, class. My name is Mr. Sims, and I'm going to be sitting in for Mrs. Sanders today. Please everyone, take your seats."

The girls ignored him, and continued their chatter as if he didn't exist. There seemed to be quite a few troublemakers in this class. Was this after-school detention or something? Mike was frustrated. Scanning the room, Mike noticed a group of five ladies hanging out and talking by the window, and another group gathered around a desk in the far corner of the classroom. Mike didn't wander from his desk to break up the groups. Instead, he said, more loudly, "Ladies, please sit down!"

"Okay," a blonde girl in the group by the window said, "relax, man. What did you say your name was?"

"Mr. Sims. I'm standing in for Mrs. Sanders. Please, everyone, sit down so that I can take attendance." Mike was trying to be confident, but he was intimidated by the younger girls in the class. Every one of them looked athletic and lithe. The whole lot of them were healthy and attractive. But it wasn't remotely appropriate for Mike to think about that. He was a teacher, after all, and he was happily engaged.

Mike could tell that there were groups of friends among the girls in the class. The five girls by the window—of which the blonde had been one—were clearly part of a clique. The group of girls around the desk in the back seemed to comprise another set of friends, six of them in total. The groups sat together.

Trying to focus, Mike moved forward calling attendance. "Jessica Astor?"

The blonde girl from before responded, "Yeah, I go by 'Jess.'" Like the rest, she was a very pretty girl, with long legs and great body. She seemed to be the leader of her group of girls, though Mike couldn't be certain. Jess stared at Mike and licked her lips at him. In that moment, Mike was suddenly self-conscious as he stood at the front of the class. He was keenly aware of the sexual attention he was receiving from the students. Sacred Heart was an all-girls institution, taught almost exclusively by women. And here he was, standing in front of a group of young, hormone-loaded girls who were not accustomed to having a young male teacher before them.

He ditched that uncomfortable thought and charged forward with attendance. "Kristen Beckham?" Another girl, this one a petite brunette, from Jess's posse put her hand up. "That's me," she said. The remaining three girls in Jess's group were Allison, Chloe, and Emma, each as gorgeous as the first two.

Mike finished with the attendance list, and asked, "Did I miss anyone?" Chloe, one of the girls in Jess's clique, put her hand up. Mike tried to cut her off, "It's Chloe, right? I think I called your name already."

Chloe, a tall, athletic girl with black hair, ignored him. "Do you have a girlfriend?"

Emma, a skinny black girl sitting directly next to Chloe, spoke out before Mike could even think of the correct way to respond. "Who cares?" Emma said. "She ain't here right now. I just want to know if he's a good fuck." The rest of the class laughed, and a couple of the girls whistled.

"That's enough," Mike said. "You're both way out of line. If the principal were still here, you'd both be going directly to her office. You're lucky that this is an after-school makeup class, and that the school is pretty much vacant. Now please pay attention to the video." Desperate to prevent any further questions along those lines, Mike inserted the disc in as quickly as he could, flipped off the lights, and the film was projected onto the screen at the front of the classroom. He sat down at his desk as the video played behind him.

To Mike's dismay, the video was about human sexuality. Was this after-school makeup class covering a sexual education course? Had he missed that? He couldn't imagine a worse topic to present to this particular group of horny teenage girls.

On the screen, a voice began describing the male reproductive system. In an extremely clinical way, the narrator discussed the physical characteristics and biological function of the testicles and scrotum. As the class watched the video, a drawing of a male penis appeared, and then as the narrator described and explained the term "erection," the picture changed to illustrate a hardened penis. The girls delighted in this, calling out and joking at the erect cock on the screen.

"Quiet!" Mike chided. The joking ceased. And just as the noise in the room changed from raucous to silent, the image on the screen changed to show the real thing. There, in front of the twenty horny teenage girls, was an actual penis. To Mike's horror, the narrator continued to talk about male sexual response, explaining that arousal caused blood to flow into the penis, hardening the organ in preparation to penetrate a vagina. As the class stared, enraptured, a hand came onto the screen and began to touch the penis. Mike flushed in horror at the near-pornographic video in front of him. "How many of these girls have even seen a real penis before?" he wondered. The narrator went on about male arousal and sexual pleasure as the actual penis, being thoroughly stimulated by hand, grew erect in front of the girls. This drew a great deal of snickering from the gallery, and Mike fidgeted nervously.

On the screen, the hand began to pump the enlarged, erect penis faster and faster as the narrator described orgasm and ejaculation. Just as the narrator explained how ejaculation coincided with orgasm and was integral to insemination, the penis began to throb. The class yelled and laughed with excitement as the on-screen penis orgasmed, and semen shot from its tip.

Mike could tolerate no more and quickly ejected the disc, turning the screen and the classroom dark. The girls in the class booed at him. Standing up uncomfortably, Mike said, "That's more than enough for today, I think," and he turned the lights back on. 

As his eyes came into focus in the light, Mike could see that at least five girls in the class were openly rubbing at their crotches—masturbating to the video. Two girls in Jess's posse, Allison and Chloe, were masturbating and at least three girls at the back of the classroom were having at it as well. For her part, Allison had pulled her skirt up around her stomach after, apparently, discarding her panties and was rubbing frantically at her clit. Chloe had lowered her skirt to her ankles and had her right hand tucked inside her panties, scratching at her pussy.

Mike was appalled. "You have to stop! All of you! You can't do that in school!"

The three girls in the back stopped, but Chloe and Allison just ignored Mike. "Stop! Stop! Stop! You can't play with yourself in class! What's wrong with you girls?" Mike continued.

"Chill out, dude," Jess said. "These two are oversexed as it is," she said, pointing at Allison and Chloe. "And you put on a video showing them a cock. What do you expect them to do?"

"Yeah," Emma jumped in. "You can't expect them to keep calm when you put on a porno."

"You have to stop!" Mike continued, but it was no use. As Mike and the rest of the class looked on, Allison rubbed at her clean-shaven pussy with increasing vigor. "I'm gonna come," she announced. "Oh god I'm coming!" The class cheered with approval as Allison moaned through her orgasm, her body spasming with wave after orgasmic wave. Moments after Allison's climax faded away, Chloe shouted out with her own, "My turn! Oh fuck! My turn! I'm coming! I'm coming! Watch me come!" Again the class applauded and exchanged high fives at Chloe's orgasm.

Mike was frightened by the heavy teenage female lust filling the room. He could smell it—taste it. He didn't care about his substitute teaching job anymore. He just wanted to get out of there, away from this class of sex-crazed girls. He wanted to get home to his fiancé.

Calculating, he decided to cut everyone loose. "I think this has gone quite far enough. Class is dismissed early." But the girls all stayed in their seats. As before, they all stared at him with uninhibited lust. Mike began to pack up his things. As he walked toward the door, Emma broke the silence. "Do you have a big cock, Mr. Sims?"

The class leered at him. Mike stopped and shifted uncomfortably. "I mean, when it gets hard, like the cock in the video, is it big?" she went on. Several of the girls snickered. Emma continued, "And can we see it, nice and hard?"

Mike scanned the class. Every girl sat on the edge of her seat, waiting for his response. And suddenly he was concerned. Other than the girls in this class, the school was empty. He was at their mercy. "Class is dismissed," Mike repeated, and he walked quickly for the door.

"Block it," Jess said. Jess, Emma and Kristen all stepped in front of the door. Chloe and Allison put their skirts back in place and joined their friends barring the door. Mike was trapped in the classroom. "Let me out!" Mike demanded. The five girls shook their heads at him.

"We asked you a question, Mr. Sims. We want an answer." The six girls from the clique at the back of the class had left their desks at this point, too, and they all approached Mike and shoved him back in the classroom—back toward his desk.

"Yeah," said one of the six girls, shepherding him back into the room. "You're supposed to be teaching us. How are we supposed to get smarter if you won't answer our questions?" Backpedaling away from the throng of girls toward his desk, Mike's heel caught the corner of chair, and he fell backwards onto his back. His briefcase fell out of his hand as he sprawled onto the floor and the girls, eleven of them now, towered over him, surrounding him, trapping him on the ground.

Against his will, he felt his cock stirring. It began to stiffen as he stared up at the students in their matching uniforms. Inappropriate thoughts flashed in his mind—thoughts of their young, tight bodies, of their unpenetrated pussies, of how tight and warm it would feel to be inside one of these girls. And they were lusting for him, wanting him, desperately horny to fuck themselves silly on top of him.

With all of his will, Mike resisted those thoughts. He was engaged! He was their teacher! They were mere students, much younger than him. Most of these girls probably had no sexual experience at all. Mike battled against his depraved instincts, but his cock had fully hardened despite his resistance.

"Barricade the door," Jess voice rang out, as she pierced through the circle of girls surrounding Mike. She was holding a switchblade now. Kneeling, she grabbed Mike by the shirt and pulled his body halfway up so that he was sitting on the floor. She waved the switchblade in front of Mike's face and pressed a button on the side of it. A short, shiny blade shot out from the tip with a snap. Jess wagged it in front of him.

"We asked you a question, Mr. Sims," she said calmly. "Is your cock big? It's a simple question."

Mike lowered his head. "You're my students . . . I . . . can't. I . . . I have a fiancé. Please." he replied.

Jess pushed forward. "Oh, so you have a fiancé? We don't give a shit about your fiancé," she said with an evil laugh. "Let's take a look at what 'Ms. Fiancé' gets to enjoy, shall we, ladies? Hold him down," Jess commanded, pointing at Emma, Kristen, Chloe and Allison. The four complied, pinning Mike's arms to the floor. It was no use struggling at this point. There were too many of them, and they had him overpowered.

Jess unbuckled his belt and pulled it off violently. Then she grabbed Mike's pants by the fly and ripped it open, snapping the button and zipper clean off. "Stop this, please," Mike pleaded, but the girls weren't listening. Hands grabbed at his torn pants, stripping them away from his body. He had only his boxers left.

"Last chance, Mr. Sims," Jess said, using her finger to tap the tip of Mike's member through his boxers. But still Mike said nothing. Much to his shame, his cock had grown rock hard and was pressing upward, straining against his boxers. After a brief moment, Jess smiled at him and said, "Since you won't answer our question, let's just see for ourselves what you have under here." She tugged his boxers down violently, and his erect penis sprung free.

Several of the girls gasped. Others cheered. Every teenage female eye in the class was glued to Mike's cock. Most of the girls in the class had never seen an actual penis in person before. And what a sight for them. Fully erect, Mike's penis stood eight inches long. It was thick and hard, pointing angrily up at the ceiling. Jess gave his boxers one final tug, and they were completely free of his body. She discarded them in the corner of the room.

"Lift him up onto the desk so we can get a better look at him," Jess directed. The girls holding his arms and legs half-lifted, half-dragged him onto the big teacher's desk until Mike was perched on its edge. "We want to see you touch it. Put your hand on it, like in the video," Jess ordered him. "Do it," Emma added, twisting Mike's right arm painfully and then releasing it. Jess put the switchblade against his neck and nodded toward his cock.

Terrified, Mike slowly lowered his free right hand to his cock. As he started to touch it, he glanced up. At least 15 girls were surrounding him, watching his every move. Jess stood in the middle of the circle. She was clearly in charge, orchestrating the entire affair. Mike's hand slid up and down over himself. He knew what he was doing was wrong. Closing his eyes, more thoughts of shame consumed him. He shouldn't be doing this. He was engaged. He was a teacher. These were teenage girls!

But somewhere, deep inside him, that thought turned him on. These were teenage girls! So few of them had ever seen a dick before. Probably none of them had seen a man pleasuring himself. How many of them were getting turned on, watching Mike touch himself? How many teenage pussies were getting wet, dripping wet even, because of him, because this class of horny, hormone-loaded girls was watching him masturbate?

And it felt good to touch himself. God it felt good. Mike relished the feeling of his hand sliding over his cock, and he started to pump it hungrily. If these girls wanted to see what an out-of-control man looked like, let them watch. Let these girls see what a man looks like operating on nothing but sexual instinct. As these dark impulses consumed him, Mike opened his eyes and made eye contact with the girls surrounding him, ogling them with an animal lust and groaning with sexual delight. God, he thought, this felt amazing.

Around him, teenage girls were joining in. Skirts were removed, panties were torn away, pussies and breasts were displayed, and fingers rubbed voraciously at clits. And Mike kept egging them on, rubbing his big cock faster and grunting as he pumped it. He wanted them to masturbate. He wanted to make every girl lose control.

As his lustful gaze scanned the room, Mike peered through the circle of girls around him and spotted three girls huddled at the back of the classroom. They looked mortified, disgusted even, that a teacher would rub at his cock in front of students. He could read their faces, which seemed to ask, "What kind of man who is engaged, who is a teacher, who is supposed to be a decent responsible adult, what kind of man gives into primal urges and strokes his cock in front of his class? What kind of person eggs on teenage girls like a sex-crazed madman?"

But Mike didn't care. He was too far-gone to care. His hand steadily pumped away, pulling him rapidly toward his orgasm. Around him girls started to come. "Oh my god. I'm coming! I'm coming!" Mike watched one young girl who was standing next to him bellow, as her fingers rapidly circled her clit. "Fuck yes! Oh fuck yes! Oh fuck yes!" another girl sitting on the floor across from him whimpered, as her body shuddered with a powerful orgasm. They were coming just watching him. He was making these girls come just by displaying and touching his cock. These young, inexperienced, and desperately horny girls simply couldn't stand to see an adult man touching himself with abandon.

"I've seen enough. Let's do this now. Put him on the floor," Jess directed. The girls flanking Mike grabbed his arms and pulled him off the desk. Mike whined as his hand was pulled off his cock involuntarily, and he hit the floor with a thud. Girls ripped at his shirt, tearing it off, revealing his bare chest, and sending buttons shooting across the room. Jess dropped her panties, peeled off her shirt and bra, and straddled Mike. She lowered her pussy toward his large cock and slowly began to ease it inside her.

"Wait," Mike protested. "Stop. I can't do this. I'm getting married!" He tried to move away, but they held his arms and legs down. "You're my student. Please!" Jess ignored his objections and pressed herself all the way down on him, fully engulfing him in her tight, young cunt. Against his will, Mike groaned out as her warmth slid slickly over him.

"Oh yes! Big! Thick! Cock!" Jess grunted as he filled her completely. She grabbed Mike's chest and dug her nails into his skin as she humped hard and fast along his length. Her young breasts bounced up and down as she rapidly impaled herself over and over. Mike opened his mouth to object to her assault, but before her could speak, Kristen lifted her leg over his head and mashed her pussy into his face. With two hands she grabbed the back of his head and pulled his face into her pussy.

"Lick," Kristen commanded with a single word. He lapped at her, finding her clit and licking around it in circles. Kristen tasted delicious. Deep inside his loins, inside his soul, a caveman lust came raging out, and he drank up Kristen's sex voraciously. Jess was bouncing faster on him now, grinding and groaning as she rode him. Fully surrendering to instinct, Mike thrust his pelvis upward in time with Jess's fucking, their bodies crashing together with increasing speed.

All around him, the girls who had not yet discarded their uniforms stripped them off. Pussies and breasts appeared. Girls masturbated against him. One girl straddled one of Mike's bare legs and began to grind her cunt along his leg, moaning with each hump. Another grabbed his hand and pulled it up against her pussy. Mike dipped it inside her sopping cunt for a moment and then began to rub her clit, causing her to whimper as he did. All around him wet pussies were waiting for a turn with him, and the smell of female sex was thick in the air. He inhaled the scent deep into his lungs, relishing it.

Mike pumped in time against Jess like and animal and pressed his tongue hard against Kristen, eating her like sex-starved maniac. He wanted to fuck every pussy, to satisfy every cunt in the room. To lick and finger and hump every girl until she screamed out in orgasmic glory, leaving her satisfied pussy dripping.

The girl humping Mike's leg started to scream and spasm, smearing liquid all on his thigh. He felt the girl on his fingers stiffen and felt her pussy clench and throb, as she grunted through a long orgasm. As soon as she was finished, a fresh, sopping wet girl spread her legs and took her place, humping herself against his fingers. Mike didn't hesitate. He pressed his fingers into her and began rubbing, eliciting groans of pleasure.
