 Hiya!! I enjoy writing stories on request and felt I should share some of my work. A guy requested two strangers hooking up and this is what I came up with. I'm open to constructive criticism just go gentle on the grammar bashing. I'm really working on it.

*****

Bridget stuck her thumb out further sighing. Her friend Melonie came running up behind her. "Flash some titties!!" Melonie practically screamed catching the interest of a few people on both sides of the sidewalk. Melonie poked her side "Come on you're the only one of us with tits." This made Bridget glance down her C tits busting out of her neon green bikni top. They might not be big but on her 110 pound toned body they seemed huge. 

She glanced at her friend who only had pasties on her breast. Little hearts with red glitter, if she ever tried that she'd get arrested for indecent exposure.

"Not happening Melonie." Melonie whimpered "pleeasssee." She said hanging off of her. 

She understood why Melonie wanted her to do it. The festival had been epic but even at 4 pm it was still over 90 degrees and dry. The mass of bodies trekking the side walk was insane. The cars in between them were moving only a little faster than the walkers. It was the second day of the festival. 

The first day the walk back to the party bus had taken them hours and they didn't get back to the hotel til dark.

She could handle getting in late but dancing and doing molly from 9 in the morning until 4pm killed her legs enough. They had messed up and taken a second dose of molly late and it hadn't even hit them yet. If she rolled while trying to walk back to the buses she was going to kill her festival buddies.

"HEY!." She turned her head to see a guy waving from a vehicle in the front passenger seat. She hopped over to him "We'll take $40 for the both of you." She sighed and shook her head. "Sorry I wish but $50 is all we got and there is 5 of us."

She eyed the car. Both front seats were filled and so was one in the back. Her friends came up behind her. Two guys and three girls if you included Bridget.

Her friend Arabella was staggering, Arabella's boyfriend, Peter, was holding her up. She ALWAYS over did it. Nervous for Arabella he spoke "Come on man, no one is carrying as much money as that. Bridget could sit it your lap!" 

Bridget eyed Peter she would have protested but Arabella did look like walking was going to be an issue.

The guy looked her up and down from the car sneering. "I have a girlfriend." They heard a muffled "I don't." The window rolled down as the car behind them honked. 

The cute blonde guy in back flashed a lopsided smile at Bridget. The driver yelled "Get in!"

The guy in back got out opening the door. Peter went in first Arabella crawling across the seats to sit in his lap. Melonie's boyfriend went next and Melonie straddled him giggling. The guy that had gotten out got back in and Bridget sat in his lap and shut the door just as the car behind them honked again.

The driver cussed waving his hand "I don't get why they are honking there's barely any space im missing. Its not like someone is going to cut me and keep you from getting there faster!" 

They moved a few feet forward then inch by inch the car drove. The group gathered their cash and handed it to the driver

Nathan took in the beautiful girl he didn't know sitting in his lap. Her neon green bikni matched straps that wrapped around her legs meeting two purple fluffies from her knees down. Her hair was in a braid but strands of her light brown hair were loose around her face. He was happy her back was to him, he doubted he could stop staring at her tits. 

He cleared his throat "My name's Nate."

The girl turned and gave him a huge smile. Green and silver glitter came off of her as she talked. "I'm Bridget." She pointed to the pair next to him "Melanie and Scott." Then pointed to the couple furthest from them "And Arabella and Peter." Arabella giggled and wiggled her fingers at him, her pupils huge blocking out any color in her eye.

He looked up taking his eyes off of the girl that he was pretty sure he could lift in one arm and realized he hadn't listened to anyone's names.

The girl furthest from him was dressed as Tinkerbell and looked Identical to her. Right up to the wings she had painted on her back.

The girl in the middle was an anorexic devil. Heart pasties, devil horns and a sequence red panties were glued to a thin body. Her face was her best feature. He had never seen teeth so white in his life. Her hair was dark and wavy and she looked dangerous. 

His eyes went back to the girl in front of him. To his 5'9 200 of muscle she seemed breakable. He had to focus on holding his seat belt in one hand and gripping the door with his other to keep from seeing how far his hands could wrap around her waist. 

Their friend was in the front passenger seat cussing in Spanish as the driver spoke for the group. "Sorry, I'm Fox and this is Joel." waving his hand at the swearing Dominican. Tinerbell chirped "Fox!!" And giggled. Nate smiled with the rest of the party, Tinkerbell was high as hell.

Bridget shifted and looked back "You can ummm adjust if you need to." Nate nodded and she gripped the front passenger chair to squat off of him and he shifted his shorts and held up his hands waving to her. She was gentle but could now feel his dick in between her ass cheek and she could feel the tension between them growing.

Joel started cussing louder and tinkerbell whimpered. The two other girls came to the rescue cooing and playing with Tinkerbells hair. He watched the devils boyfriend as he winked. He followed his eye sight to Bridget's body arched in the air her bottoms riding up her crack showing a small but perfectly heart shaped ass.

Arabella was still fretting when Joel shut his phone. "Bro fuck this shit let me out! I'm going to get there faster walking." Fox waved his hand stopping the car. "Please do." Joel got out and slammed the door shut. 

Bridget looked over to see Fox looking through the rearview mirror at her "Sorry about him, he and his girlfriend are fighting because she was supposed to come. We convinced him to come out with his two single buddies and she is pissed about it. He's been a downer all day." Bridget tried not to enjoy his deep green eyes looking back but they were so affectionate she couldn't help it.

The two girls calmed Tinkerbell down running their fingers slowly over her, blowing on her neck and paying with her hair. Nathan wondered if he faked a freak out if he could get that treatment.

Bridget sat back down and again he attempted not to touch her while he talked to Fox. "Yo man, now that he's out lets get music going." Fox nodded.

Bridget could still feel how rigid Nate was against her. She tried to relax knowing the molly would be hitting her soon and that the music would help Arabella. 

She watched Fox point to the floor "Can someone grab the AV cable?" By someone she had to assume he meant her because Melonie was practically sucking scott's face off making out with him at the moment. She leaned over the center console and stretched to reach the wire in front of the passenger seat.

Nate couldn't help but stare. Her ass was right there in his face. When she sat down this time she was going to complain. It had been hard but now it was almost bulging out of his pants.

He saw Fox looking at Bridget his eyes wide. He was guessing her bikni top was slipping in front because Fox didn't seem to realize his foot was off the brakes "LOOK OUT!" yelled Nate. Fox hit the brake hard barely avoiding a collision but it sent Bridget back. Her ass slammed into Nates chest.

Once her ass hit his chest Bridget felt his shirt on her skin and realized how far up the bikini had risen. She tried to move her wedgie holding up a cord happily "got it!" There was a nervous laughter in response from the others. She handed over the cord to Fox who took it to plug it in.

She nodded to the car in front of them "We've dead stopped, think there's a problem?" Fox shook his head "no, this happened yesterday. The bus stop is filling then when they leave we will gain some distance. We will have to wait a good 30 minutes though." 

She relaxed and felt the AC hit her breast. Her nipples hardened and she knew the molly was kicking in as she felt the unmistakable tingle in her pussy. 

Music started playing and to Nate's enjoyment Bridget seemed to relax not hovering when sitting on his dick. Her warmth was met by his member pulsing against her. Tinkerbell was giggling and dancing and to his shock the devil was putting her hands in her boyfriends pants pulling it out to stroke it. 

He tried not to stare but it was hard to miss. His dick was small which made him happy for some reason. He managed to look away and stare at Bridget's loose braid. He started biting his tongue as she swayed her hips clearly enjoying the music. 

Bridget popped her head up when Arabella squeeled. Arabella had just noticed what Melonie was doing. She was leaning over and like a cat she stretched out and started nibbling on Melonies neck. 

Peter relaxed smiling. His pupils were growing in size and she heard nate grunt "Are you all rolling?" 

Melonie shook her head no nodding to Scott "I promised him a threesome tonight with a chick from a club we met if he could stay hard. Molly kills his hard on." 

Bridget was always blown away by how out spoken Melonie was. "you're bi?" Nate said it semi high pitch which made Bridget giggle and turn to him. "It's a festival, good luck finding a chick that is straight." 

She was becoming overwhelmed by the music and couldn't help but be turned on by how aroused Nate was getting watching Arabella licking Melonies neck. The car jerked a little as Fox put the car into park. He leaned his head back sighing and she saw his eyes watching her. A great idea suddenly came over her.

Nate was staring out of the window attempting to think of things to kill his erection when Bridget did a little bounce on him. It wasn't the music, it was loud and up beat but she seemed excited. "I have an idea." 

She hopped out of the car and grabbed his hand. She pulled on it "get in the front seat!" He obeyed and got out moving to the front of the car he watched Bridget dance around and say "$40 for a couple to ride with us. We'll be moving soon and we have AC!!" 

He was surprised to hear "Us, for the love of god us." One guy waved his cash and she laughed motioning him over. She hopped in to the front seat she straddled him and nearly pressed her breast into his face when she was getting comfortable. 

She shut the door and turned to Fox "$20 of that is mine." He couldn't help but smile as Fox nodded in agreement laughing.

She felt proud of herself. The couple made It over and slid in, the girl sitting in his lap. Bridget realized this could all be for not when the guy went to grab his money. He realized what was going on. A little more aware at the moment so did Bridget. 

Facing the back she could see Arabella had Peters dick in her. Clearly he had no problems getting hard when rolling. Melonie was still trying to work her magic making out with Scott but maybe it wasn't the molly that was the problem. She hesitated "Sorry we..." She started but the guy shook his head. "No worries we're crashing off our roll. We are just going to sleep." The girl in his lap nodded curling up and closing her eyes. He did the same holding her like a teddy bear closing his eyes after giving Bridget the money.

Nate wasn't sure if Bridget knew what she was doing to him. Leaning back to get the money she had practically suffocating him with her tits. They were perky and natural and screaming to be let out of their bikini top. 

He looked to his left to see Fox mouthing "I hate you." He thought he'd die laughing if not for the fact he was pretty sure Bridget saw it. 

The car had started moving again. He looked up at Bridget who's pussy was rocking softly against him. He held her hips running his hands over her pelvic bone. He felt her shake she was sliding her hands over her body. The color in her eyes was going. He couldn't take his eyes off her. 

She closed her eyes and ran her hands up and down her body. She started swaying to the music moaning softly. He was totally fixated on her. He rested back and felt like he had his own personal stripper. 

Even not rolling he could block out everyone else. He was in the middle of imagining licking between those beautiful tits when his elbow hit a soda can that was sitting on the center console.

"Oh shit!" Fox cursing broke her spell. "Quick get something to stop it from the carpet!"

Bridget felt frantic until Nate pushed her off slightly and took off his wife beater soaking up the soda. Fox relaxed mumbling "thank god it wasn't totally full." 

Bridget felt a buzzing through her whole body. The cars were stopping again Fox put it into park. He relaxed and Bridget was locked on to his deep green eyes. Nate had shifted when she gazed at him but Fox was returning her gaze unwavering. It excited her in ways she hadn't in a long time.

His short buzzed brown hair and slender tan skin seemed perfect. Nate was bigger though and his hands were massive. He could easily toss her around, she loved it rough. A thought came through her and she wanted to pull it off before she started rolling too hard again. Even now her body was shaking and she could feel her pussy was getting her bikini bottoms wet.

The two men were a big contrast like cinnamon and sugar but she wanted the two together. "Nate." She drew his name out touching his bare chest she gently ran her nails over the front of him. "Why don't I get your number so we can meet up at tomorrow's festival."

He smiled and nodded pulling out his phone as Bridget did the same. He had noticed the way she stared down Fox but she was in his lap not Fox. He told her his number and it took her a good five minutes to put it in and text him hers. He read it and felt her eyes on him. 

All it read was "do you like to share?" He looked up at those eyes whose color was coming and going. He motioned his head to Fox who was staring straight ahead. He watched her nibble her lip and nod yes. 

He knew she wanted Fox, hell if he was gay he'd go after Fox too. If they met up again she would probably go after Fox, he might not get a chance again. He gave her a half smile and nodded his head yes. He nearly lost it when she made a low moan and pressed against him it sounded like she had almost cum. 

She looked at Nate and ran a gentle finger over his lips. It made her realize how chapped her lips were "Melonie I need Chapstick." 

Melonie broke from her dancing to open a bag she had around her waste "Strawberry or Mint?" Bridgett gave a wicked smile "I don't know, what do you boys like on girls." 

This caught both their attentions. "Mint" Fox said without hesitating. "Strawberry." Came Nate a second later. She pouted being given two choices. 

Arabella giggled "do mint it's killer with your roll!" She waved her hand and Bridget leaned to the back seat. Arabella held Bridget's face and they kissed. Bridget's lips tingled the spicy and cool together. She moaned into it and it didn't get past her that Nate's hands were cupping and rubbing her ass. 

She heard Melonie tisk putting the strawberry on herself "Strawberry is better." Bridget smiled, both couples had tried to get Bridget to play. There was no way Melonie was passing up kissing now. She kissed Melonie it was much rougher and passionate. She preferred the kiss with Arabella but Melonie was gently rubbing her nipples. 

Melonie may not have been the better kisser but she was a killer seducer. Bridget prolonged the kiss rocking her hips slightly against Nate. His dick was rock hard and she had to guess it was well over the 6 inch norm. She was certain his pants would have a wet spot from her aching pussy in no time. She wondered how big Fox's dick was.

She pulled back as Melonie handed them too her. She opened the strawberry one dabbing her bottom lip she rubbed her lips together and kissed Nate.

He held her hips and brought her petite body into him. She moaned and he let his tounge play with hers. He nibbled her sweet lip. He didn't want to admit he would probably like mint more but he didn't want to copy Fox. 

Her small hand slid down his front and he felt her grab his dick through his pants. He groaned as she stroked it softly. She sat back and motioned over him. "water" was all she managed.

Peter passed her a water bottle. Nate watched her drink it as if it was the best drink in the world. She licked her lips then wiped her mouth. He was pretty sure he could jack off to watching her drink water. He knew he was too horny for his own good at that point. 

He got confused when she handed back the water bottle and the strawberry gloss but kept the mint. She started to put the mint on just as Fox stopped the car again. 

She rubbed her lips together and leaned over grabbing a shocked looking Fox. She kissed him but kept her hips softly grinding against Nate. 

She was delighted when Fox played with her nipples just as Melonie had and squirmed happily as music started to get louder. She broke from the kiss wiping the corners of her mouth she sighed playfully and pouted. "I'm sorry boys." She sat back on Nate her hands on his shoulders. "I think I want both." 

Nate was grinning and Fox softly hit Nate's shoulder with his fist. "I think strawberry and mint would be fine together don't you man?" Bridget was overjoyed when Nate nodded. 

Fox had started the car again, the entire car seemed to be buzzing with energy minus the two sleeping behind Nate and Bridget.. Nate couldn't help but enjoy her dancing, and he enjoyed the occasional kiss she gave him. 

"We're a 3rd of the way from the bus stop." Fox said mostly for Nate's sake he was guessing to encourage him to speed things up. Nate wasn't Fox though. He wasn't usually the aggressor. He was going to have to jack off the second they left the car.

Bridget started to fidget the thought of her fun ending so soon. She looked at the clock. They had been in the car almost 2 hours how the hell had time gone by so quickly?? 

She stretched then sighed. "But I don't want to sit on the bus for hooouurrsss." She held out that word then locked Nate tight with her thighs. 

She laid over the center console resting her head in Fox' lap she looked up at him pouting. "Isnt there an option B?" She shuddered with pleasure. She could feel Nates fingers rubbing her pussy. She could hear Arabella gasping in back, it seemed like they were going at it again. 

Bridget buried her face into Fox's shorts. They were coarse but the AC hitting her back and Nates fingers were sending her to another place.

Nate knew his time was almost up. Fox had another girl coming to their room that night. Nate pushed Bridget's bottoms to the side and moved slow when she gasped. was completely shaven. 

He slid one finger into her easily. She was tight but soaking wet. He watched her moan and she had her mouth pressed against Fox to keep quiet. From how hard Fox was gripping the steering wheel he figured it was a safe bet she was breathing heavy on his cock. 

He began slowly fingering her with one finger but quickly moved to two. The second finger made Bridget's hips ripple as if she was begging him to fuck her. 

Bridget's hand had disappeared and Fox groaned. "Bro grab my phone." Nate didn't stop fingering Bridget but passed Fox his phone with his free hand. 

Her attention might have been on Fox but Nate loved seeing a woman in pleasure. She was giving to them equally without even knowing it. He watched trying hard not to laugh as Fox painfully focused on the road and texting. 

Bridget hadn't noticed anything except how big Fox' dick was. She could feel the precum through the shorts as she stroked it and breathed on the outside. It felt like Nate's fingers were In sync with the music and she felt like she could climax. 
