 Things were not going well.

Fox sipped his beer, reading his text, trying to not get pissed off. They had made it back to the hotel in record time. The minute the music stopped and everyone got out of the car it seemed like the mood had crashed. 

They had dropped off one couple at the bus stop and the 5 new passengers they had picked up staggered into the hotel.

They had gotten back to the hotel room by 6:30 and everyone piled in to the suite. There was more than enough room for all of them.

There was a huge Master bedroom and bathroom. A kitchen with everything you could need. A living room with two pull out sofas and chairs. Fox came from money and he had planned to spend quite a bit of it throwing a party in this suite. 

Yet here he was trying to text and convince one drunk girl to come to his room while the other showered. 

It was 11:00 now and Bridgett had woken up and stumbled off to the bathroom at around 10:30. He was keeping an eye on the time. Another 15 minutes he was going to go get her in case she'd passed out.

She said she hadn't taken as much, and she would be fine, but he seriously doubted that now. He was so focused on texting he didn't hear Nate at first. "Yo Fox." 

Fox turned his head "what?" 

Nate relaxed back. "How pissed are you at me for not fucking Bridgett in the car." This made Fox laugh and the friend's bumped fists.

He looked his friend over. Corn bread, raised poor, white guy. Fox hadn't noticed how different they were till Bridget had started asking questions. They grew up together so he never thought about it but he and Nate were polar opposites. 

Nate was 5'9 200+ pounds of muscle messy blond hair blue eyes. Fox was 6 ft 180 lean and Italian. Dark green eyes and buzzed short brown hair. 

It wasn't just their appearance though. He liked soccer, Nate liked football. He liked horror and Nate likes comedy. Even the way they went after woman was different. On more than one occasion he had shoved a woman at Nate. 

Bridgett kept calling him 'cinnamon' and Nate 'sugar' because she had gotten too high to remember names.

He sort of liked her nicknames for them. They were very different and went well together. He couldn't be mad at Nate it was his nature to go slow with woman.

They had never shared a chick before. It had just never occurred to Fox to do it. Thinking about it now he was surprised they hadn't. He'd fucked in front of Nate before and visa versa. 

Maybe woman weren't attracted to such strong contrasts. Nate looked daunting and rough while Fox looked smooth and gentle. Only after getting to know them did anyone realized they were the opposite of what they appeared.

He finished his third beer chucking it into the nearby trash can with a clink. Fox nodded his head "sorry bro looks like my girl stopped answering to."

He felt bad saying "my girl" since it was just some slut he picked up at the club but he couldn't remember her name. He had her in his phone as 'night club bang'

The pair ambled around the bodies sleeping on the floor and couches Fox motioned to him. "You can sleep on one side of the bed just don't get frisky." 

Nate nodded looking a little tired but mostly let down. Fox shut the bedroom doors behind them and they shoved the pillow between each other as was the norm for two overly straight men.

Fox was close to drifting off when the shower stopped. He didn't get excited. She had gone in there looking pretty tired. He didn't have high hopes as it was nearing 12. 

"Oh!" was all Bridget said as she stood in the bathroom door way. 

Her hair out of its braid it was wet and washed but still long and wavy black. She hugged the fluffy hotel wrapped around her and Fox couldn't get over how young she looked. 

Nate must have thought the same because he asked "how old are you??" 

Bridgett answered "my 21st was two months ago. Had my birthday just in time for the festival."

She had dark circles under her eyes but other than that she looked beautiful. "Sorry I took so long I was trying to sober up and get all that glitter off." She blushed and winced "your shower is covered in green glitter." 

Fox propped the pillow up behind him closest to her and Nate sat up. From the corner of his eye he could see Nate was wide awake now.

"Do you remember our names now?" She went scarlet and shook her head no. She felt like an idiot for not remembering them. Worse still she felt exposed with them just waiting there for her.

Fox pressed further "Do you remember what you wanted to do with us." She bit her lip nodding her head looking at the floor. It was the only thing she remembered talking about. She had felt so confident and sure then.

Nate wasn't saying anything he was just staring at her. Nate turned down woman all the time. He was selective and it was new for Fox to see him so eager. She was cute but some sick part of him just wanted to use her and make Nate use her with him.

Fox eyed her she was frozen. The towel covered all the good parts like her sexy c size breast and wide hips he intended on grabbing while she rode him. 

Fox got up sitting on the edge of the bed. He took his shirt off dropping it on the floor. Bridgett glanced up watching him work his belt staring at the sharp v indent on his toned stomach.

Bridgett stood there and Fox tried not to enjoy her shaking. He got up to go to her slowly. "Don't change your mind now." 

She shook her head mumbling " I was high and.." 

Fox finished her sentence "you've never been with two guys before." She couldn't look at him. 

Fox looked her over from head to toe very slowly before speaking. "yo sugar." He smirked turning to Nate "Help Bridgett with her towel." 

Bridgett stared at Fox his dark green eyes seemed like they could see through her towel already. She breathed slowly as Nate got off the bed and started walking towards her. 

She glanced at Nate who was even bigger then fox. He had used his shirt to sop up soda in their car. He had remained shirtless. 

She had already devoured his image. His six pack firm and daunting. She had touched him when she was high but the thought of doing so now made her pussy tingle.

Bridgett didn't think she could move. The thought of either of those guys touching her excited her yet she was really doubting her ability. 

Worse still she had no idea what she was supposed to be doing. Seducing people wasn't in her nature if she wasn't totally blitzed. 

Fox was happy to see Nate was ready to obey. He had always gotten Nate to do what he wanted. As Nate reached his hand out Bridgett dropped her towel. 

Both men hesitated. Fox was 30 and Nate was 28 yet both men acted like children for one second looking at the naked woman standing before them freezing. 

Bridgett shivered. The AC was brutal her nipples were hardening. She clenched her fists at her size to stop herself from covering them. 

She wanted them to look, to touch and take them in. She could feel goosebumps running up her arms and toned legs. If they didn't make a move soon she'd have to. She felt too cold to let her shyness win.

Whenever she was afraid she would over compensate. She couldn't believe she was doing this. When you're rolling sex sounds great, sex with a 100 people sounds great. It doesn't matter, its sex. 

Maybe it was because she was on vacation or maybe she felt guilty for leading them on. Either way she was doing this and she refused to chicken out.

Fox grabbed Nate's wrist and forced him to place his hand Bridgett's pussy. Bridgett gasped seeing Nate's face looked as shocked as hers.

Fox grabbed her face and he kissed her. Breaking for just a minute. "Rub her clit." Nate obeyed grabbing Bridgett's arm and cupping her bare pussy in to his hand.

Fox put his mouth on Bridgett's again before she could react. He kissed her gentle wrapping his arm behind her pressing his palm into the small of her back. He felt his hard on growing as she whimpered and moaned into the kiss.

Bridget pressed her hands against Fox opening her legs to let Nate play with her clit. He was so gentle and the kiss was so welcoming. 

She wanted to be pressed between them for their body warmth. She whimpered when Fox pulled away holding her chin he softly ordered "Go lay down." 

She nodded her head happy that someone else was taking the lead. She didn't even try and be sexy she just rushed to the bed getting under the covers. The hotel was expensive and the sheets felt smooth and cool against her naked flesh.

She watched as Nate and Fox pulled down their pants getting naked in front of each other like it was no big deal. They had turned out the lights in the bedroom. The bathroom light she had left on gave them a sort of angelic glow. 

Fox walked over with Nate in toe. Fox ripped the covers off of Bridget exposing her young beautiful body enjoying the excitement and fear she looked at him with. 

He got on the bed in between her legs. They shook as she slowly opened them. He touched her small smooth looking pussy and was disappointed to see she wasn't wet.

Bridgett was wondering if she could sink in the bed and sink away as she second guessed everything that happening. She was aroused laying down the two men towering over her.

She listened intently as Fox spoke "She's not ready man how about you lick her." Fox moved and Bridget was surprised how quickly Nate obeyed. They swapped places Nate crawling on the king sized bed and Fox moving to her side.

Nate moved to his stomach his mouth so close to her pussy. She shivered as the warmth seemed to climb up her body. She opened her legs just a big more, still nervous but eager for his mouth.

Nate didn't move but he watched her and for the first time Bridgett couldn't look away from his eyes. They were kind, yet filled with lust. She couldn't help but feel like it was her eyes reflected back at her.

Fox was kneeling next to her and he gripped her hair. His dick was huge. Nates was easily 7-8 inches but Fox was an inch from her face 8 inches, thick, and erect.

She knew what he wanted. She opened her mouth moving to please him but he held her hair tighter not letting her mouth touch him yet. 

"Make her cum man." Just as Fox ordered Bridget gasped as Nate went to town. 

She closed her eyes and cried out. His mouth wrapped around her clit and he sucked and licked like she had never been pleased before. 

She forgot about Fox even though the grip on her hair hurt. She let her legs fall open wide. Nate looped his hands around rubbing her clit with his thumb he buried his tongue deep in her. She had never had a guy who licked her so deep. 

He was relentless fucking her pussy with his mouth. She gripped the sheets embarrassed by how little she could control herself. She wanted them. 

She didn't want them thinking she was so easy though. Yet here she was ready to cum all over his face. She was so aroused she knew after she came she would lick every drop off of him.

"Nate's good at what he does, why aren't you thanking him?" He watched Bridgett's eyes flutter open with shock. He shook her head slightly and she focused on him in the middle of moaning. 

"Thank you." She squeaked and he shook his head keeping eye contact with her. Nate had his eyes closed clearly reading her body urging her to climax. 

"Thank you Nate... Thank you. Thank you. Thank you!" She gasped and moaned her hips bucking. She snaked her hand down and gripped his blond hair tight. 

That only encouraged him to assault her pussy with his mouth more. She winced when Fox turned her head mid "thank you" to shove his cock into her mouth.

He was surprised he had controlled himself that long. He pushed her head down and she didn't fight it. He was stunned to see how easy her throat took his cock. 

He wasn't all the way in but he imagined he could get her there. Her mouth was warm and wet. His cock was swelling to the max and her little mouth struggled to wrap around it.

She gagged and he loved watching her eyes tear up the spit running over his dick as her body bucked and begged Nate to make her cum. 

She released Nate's head to grip Fox's hips. He watched as she desperately chocked on his cock. She knew who was running the show and if he wasn't happy no one was happy.

She hadn't been with many guys but giving head was an art for her. It was messy and rough and fun. She wanted to show Fox how good she was. She wanted him to tell Nate to make her Climax.

She was so close. Normally it took forever to make her cum from oral but Nate was so good and Fox being so dominant over the both of them was pushing her right to the edge

Fox saw her trying to get some power back and he didn't like it. He shoved her head down and slapped her cheek surprising her as she gagged.

The noise made Nate look up and Fox thought for sure it would turn Nate off. Instead Nate kept licking as he watched her struggle for air. Nate brought his hands to her pussy shoving fingers in to her.

If screaming had been possible she would have but Fox's dick was too deep. Nate's fingers were rough and big fucking her hard. It felt amazing but gentle was out the window. She didn't know how Fox knew but he pulled her head back and covered her mouth just as she felt herself orgasm. 

She thrashed on Nate her thighs threatening to smother his head as she came all over his fingers. His tongue not giving her clit a break. He forced her orgasm to continue as he lapped at her relentlessly.

"Help me prop her up." Fox said grabbing the condoms he kept on the table next to the bed. Both men ripped them open as Bridgett just laid there shivering in ecstasy clearly warming up. Fox felt eager she seemed malleable and ordering them around was something new.

Nate got on his knees wrapping his arms around her waist after he got the condom on. He pulled her to sit up. Fox moved to kneel behind her his dick pressed against her back. Bridgett was stirring realizing the condoms meant business. 

Bridgett wasn't sure where they were going with this but she was coming off the roller coaster of an orgasm slowly. Fox wrapped his hand around her mouth speaking to nate. "Get your dick in her pussy." 

She yelled into his hand. She felt like a fuck toy all of a sudden. It was hot but seeing Nate obey so quickly made her wonder why she was being so compliant. 

She groaned as Nate pushed into her dripping pussy. She thrashed for a second and could hear fox spitting behind her. She felt his dick wet sliding between her ass and she knew why he had spit. She squeezed his arm. She knew she wanted it but she wasn't sure she could handle it.

She didn't mind Anal but she felt the bigger dick should be in her pussy. She had used a butt plug before with her ex but she had never had two dicks in her at once. She was mad he was covering her mouth but the way her hips grinded softly against him let him know she was eager.

"We'll let you talk once I'm in. We don't want you getting us kicked out of the hotel." Nate replaced Fox's hand so Fox could use both hands to get in her. 

Fox could convince Nate to do anything but he couldn't believe how willing he was to use this girl. He had to see her fighting even if the only light they had was coming from the bathroom. 

He wasn't looking to rape the girl she had just been vocal as hell cumming. He enjoyed her frustration though and liked how her hips bucked for him. His dick was coated in spit and Nate's nodding made him almost too excited to start.

She whimpered and pathetically punched Nate in the chest. She was disgusted he was still rock hard as his buddy told him what to do to her. 

She knew she was disgusted because he had to feel how wet she was. Knew Nate was keeping his hand over her mouth because her dripping pussy told him she really did want this.

He didn't even flinch but she did. She flinched when she felt Fox press his dick in her ass. Even though he'd spit on it, it didn't budge at all at first. She thought she was going to cry it hurt so badly. Nate never wavered holding her still she stopped thrashing hoping relaxing would make it hurt less going in.

Fox groaned and painfully pushed the head past the entrance of her tight ass. The cute heart shaped buns engulfed him almost immediately and he smiled. Nate released her. 

She gasped for air and went to curse. To Fox's surprise Nate covered her mouth again and spoke. "Look its already in, the worst part is over just enjoy yourself." 

Fox wasn't sure if it was because it was Nate who said it or she felt embarrassed being put in her place but after Nate let go she kept quiet.

They weren't moving. It seemed like they were waiting for her to make a choice to cooperate or not. She had wanted this. He pussy and ass were stretched more than they had ever been before.

She had dated older but the two of them seemed so sure of themselves she didn't know what to do. She just whispered "Please go gentle..."

Again Fox was happy when Nate took initiative. He kissed her and started slowly fucking her pussy. 

She was so tight and their dicks were so big he could feel Nate moving inside her. Fox began moving slowly as well spitting on his dick another time to add lube. The two of them kneeling holding her up she seemed to weigh almost nothing.

Bridget whimpered and sucked in her breath once Fox picked up pace. She was so full and her ass still stung. She had two hands on her hips and two on her waist. 

One of the hands left her waist and started to play with her clit. The fucking started to speed up. She couldn't believe it but it was feeling good. Really good. She started to moan and realized she was whimpering "thank you."

Fox was completely spurred on. He started to fuck her harder and he nodded to Nate who responded by fucking her pussy equally as hard. 

Bridgett managed to keep her voice down but she was limp between them as they used her holes and fox played with her clit. He felt himself swelling when she almost cried "Please stop before I cum."

Bridget was stunned her body was shaking so close to climaxing she was gasping digging her nails into them trying to hold on. She started to arch between them. 

"Kiss him bitch." Fox grunted into her ear and she wrapped her arms and legs tight around Nate kissing him muffling her cries as she orgasmed.

Fox didn't know about Nate but he couldn't take much more. He gripped Bridgets hair in one hand and forced her head back to stare at the ceiling as the two of them continue to pound her. Her ass and pussy gripping their dicks hard urging them to fill her. "We're going to cum soon."

"Oh God yes!" She looked at Nate staring hard as she said it. He gripped her hair and kissed her. They both were doing as Fox said but even as he fucked her hard Nate made her feel safe. She kept her eyes on him ready to feel them pulse. She felt like she might actually climax again.

Fox couldn't believe how hard Nate was fucking her. She was covering her own mouth now unable to control her shouts as she was bucked on him. 

Fox couldn't take any more "Oh FUCK!" He shoved her down on his cock and came hard. She screamed into her hand leaning her head back on to his shoulder. He groaned propping her up so Nate could finish.

Feeling Fox swell in her had been too much. She orgasmed and almost immediately Nate followed. Fox had gone soft but her ass was still stuffed so when Nate swelled and shot in to her she thought she might pass out. 

She knew when he pulled out her juices would drip out with his. She had felt his condom rip at the last minute and felt him release in to her. He was pressed so deep it hurt each spurt throbbing in her.

Fox was surprised how gentle Nate became all of a sudden. Nate wrapped his arms around Bridgett and nodded for Fox to pull out.

Bridget whimpered as he did and she buried her face into Nate's neck. He kissed her softly on the cheek. 
