 My wife and I are in our mid 50's and have been swinging for the last ten years. However, we had never done any swinging without each other being nearby. Well, until this one time......

I had to make a business trip from our East Coast home to San Francisco. My flight arrived in the late afternoon and my first meeting was the following morning, so I went to the hotel gym to work out the kinks from the long flight. I was the only one in the gym until a few minutes into my run on the treadmill, these two women came in. One looked about 30 with long blonde hair, a slim figure and these very inviting 34D's pushing against her tight work-out top. The other women looked a few years older, had very short brunette hair and clothes too baggy to even guess what was underneath. Both women got on nearby cardio machines and I could hear them giggling during the rest of my run. After running, I went over the free-weight area and a little while later the women joined me. The blonde, Nina, and the brunette, Mary, struck up a conversation and I learned that they were also there on business as co-owners of their marketing business. Nina was clearly the more outgoing of the two while Mary was kind of quiet and didn't say much. After shooting the breeze for a while Nina suggested that we all go to dinner together. Mary didn't verbally object but it was pretty apparent that she didn't like that idea. I ignored Mary's reluctance and we made our plans. It was then time to get showered and ready to go out.

The Gym had its own shower area so one would not be dripping sweat all over the hotel to get back to one's room, however, there was only one unisex shower. The women suggested that I go first because they wanted to work out a little more. While I was in the shower, I heard their giggling again very close by and peeking around the see through shower curtain. I saw Nina trying to hide behind the corner of the wall while sneaking a peek at me with Mary right behind her. If they wanted a show, they would get one, so I vigorously soaped and massaged by package for my audience. When I went to turn off the water, they both snuck back out of the shower room.

After getting dried and dressed, I walked out into the Gym and told them whichever of them wanted next could go now. To my surprise, they went in together. Figuring that turn about was fair play, I waited until I could hear the shower running and went to same place by the corner of the wall. Nina and Mary's hands were all over each other as Mary massaged Nina's perfect breasts and I got my first look at Mary's nice body with finely-shaped 34C's. I was mesmerized by this sight while stroking my growing cock until I realized that I needed to get out of there before they left the shower. I did my best to hide my boner and went back to my room to wait for them to be ready for dinner.

The women chose a restaurant that they knew from prior trips to San Francisco and it turned out to be a nice quiet place where we got a table far away from other diners. After a few glasses of wine, the women loosened up and told me what I already knew from the shower scene, that they were also a couple besides being business partners. While Mary was lez only, Nina was bi. Since they were being so open, I told them that my wife and I were swingers, but only played together and, unfortunately, she was back home. 

After more wine and fine dinner, we went back to my room for a nightcap from the minibar. Mary sat on the chair at the desk while Nina and I sat on the bed,. Nina's hand found its way onto my leg which caused Mary to start to get upset. The two of them began to argue and I took that as my cue to excuse myself and go to the other side of the room to call my wife to check in. My wife heard the other voices and asked who else was there and I told her that I met a nice lez couple in the gym and that we went for dinner together. She asked to speak to them and I gave the phone to Nina first. In a minute, Nina was laughing while talking and then gave the phone to Mary. Mary just shook her head several times during the conversation and returned the phone to me. My wife told me that I had her permission to go with the flow and if something happened, it was fine with her as long I told her everything. She said that she would give her vibrator a good work out thinking about what might happen.

After the phone call, Nina got back next to me sitting on the bed and I noticed that the top few buttons on her blouse were now open. She also returned her hand to my leg and I placed my hand on her leg for the first time. Nina moved in such a way that her blouse opened enough for me to see her beautiful bra-encased breasts and she asked if I enjoyed the view. At this point Mary said that if Nina was going to be a slut tonight, that she wanted no part of it. Nina told her to watch us. She then leaned over started kissing me and moved her hand up my leg to my package. Our tongues were soon entwined and my hands moved to her breasts. Nina broke our kiss and unbuttoned the rest of her blouse while I got up and started to strip. Nina reached behind her and unclasped her bra revealing in full her fantastic rack with half dollar sized areolas and long hard nipples. She then stripped off her pants showing off a sexy little thong. While I was taking off the rest of my clothes, I saw that Mary had dropped her pants and had her hand inside her panties.

Nina laid back on the bed and I crawled up between her legs to feast on her pussy. Pulling off her thong, I got my first look at her clean-shaven sweet pussy. Using every trick that I have learned during our ten years of swinging, I had her screaming out orgasm after orgasm until she pushed my face away from her cunt and said she needed to get fucked. Of course, I was ready to oblige her and mounted her getting to find out that she had an extremely tight pussy with great muscle control that massaged my pole.

After a couple of minutes in missionary, she rolled me off her and I was on my back . She climbed up into the cowgirl and sank down on my rod. This gave me the opportunity to really go to town on her rack. Nina had another couple of orgasms and I told her I was going to cum. She got off me and put my cock into her hot mouth. In a minute, I was filling her mouth with my hot load. She was unable to hold all of it in her mouth and some dribbled onto her tits. She told Mary that I had the best tasting cum and that she should try some. Mary made a face and told me that she hadn't tasted male cum in over five years. Nina said mine was better than she ever had and maybe it could change her mind. While I was recovering for the next round, Nina and Mary embraced and Nina had talked Mary into licking my cum from her tits. Despite her reservations, Mary finally admitted that I had some fine tasting cum. 

Mary now stripped and I got my first look at her body. She was slim but not as slim as Nina, had a small runway of hair above her pussy and her 32C's had light pink, very suckable nipples. Watching Nina start to eat Mary's pussy with her tight little ass in the air got me back to fully hard. I got on the bed behind Nina and started to finger both her pussy and asshole. After putting two, then fingers into her ass, I put the tip of my dick against her hole and slowly began to inch in. Soon I was past her anal ring and fucking her good and hard Nina's orgasmic screams were muffled by her pussy-eating but Mary's moaning was loud and clear, starting to send into shooting another load of cum. When I said that I was almost there, Mary surprised me by telling me to cum on her tits. Nina raised up from Mary's pussy to lick my cum from Mary's breasts.

Mary and Nina settled into a 69 while I cleaned by pecker and rested up for round three. When I got back from the bathroom, the women were giggling again and Nina said that Mary had a secret. Mary wouldn't say what it was, but Nina finally spilled the beans that Mary was ready to give cock another try. Then Mary finally was ready to talk about it. She said that she thought all men were as bad as her prior relationships, but that I seemed much nicer and that it wasn't so much the cocks she had before, but the guys attached to them. Nina then told her that I was a really good pussy-eater. Mary turned to me with a smile and told me to prove it. Mary also had a nice tasting pussy and I paid much attention to her large clit. Soon I was rewarded with a load of girl goo which I then shared with Nina in a hot tongue kiss. Mary was laying down and stroking her pussy with one hand and my dick with the other. She looked me in the eye and said "Fuck me". While climbing on top of her, I licked and sucked on her nipples, getting them nice and hard. Her cunt was incredibly tight since it hadn't been fucked in so long and it felt extremely velvety as I began to stroke into her. As I was pumping her, Nina got behind me and rubbed my balls. Mary asked if I would do her doggy style, so we switched positions. Then Nina went in front of Mary so Mary could eat her pussy while a pounded into her from behind. When I said I was going to cum, they both said to cum in Mary's pussy. When I pulled out, Nina went to lick the cream-pie.

By this time both I and the women needed some serious rest before our business meetings the next morning, so Nina asked they could stay in my room for the night. We snuggled into the bed with mw in the middle. I passed out but was awoken a few hours later by a fantastic two-headed blowjob. Before the women left to go back to their room to shower and change for their meeting, I fucked each of them again. 

As soon as they left the room, I called my wife to give her all the details. She was playing with herself during the entire conversation. Anyway, after a full day of meetings, I saw Nina and Mary having their bags picked up for their return flight as I was heading to my room. We exchanged numbers and they both wanted to meet with my wife and I on their next trip to the East Coast. 

That get together happened a few months later giving my wife an opportunity to exercise her bi side, but that story is for next time.