 Jan and I had been to this club on a few occasions but were still new to the swinging scene and clubs of this nature, so we were nervous but excited. The night had been billed as a casino night with lots of references to Ian Fleming's Bond and all the trappings associated with 007. So we dressed accordingly; I myself in full tuxedo and Jan in her high heels, full length double side split super-low cut evening dress and only sheer black hold-ups underneath. At 5'10" tall in bare feet, Jan's heels brought her to within an inch of my height and knowing her curvaceous nakedness under her revealing dress made her an irresistible creature.

We arrived late in the evening and made our entrance. This is the hardest part of the night because we knew we wouldn't know anyone and knew that all eyes would be turned on whoever comes through the door. We took a deep breath and crossed the threshold and took in the view. At the end of the long shadowy room stood the main bar area bathed in blue light and the majority of visitors were mingling there. Just in front of the bar there was a selection of gaming tables accompanied by near naked female croupiers playing alone with their chips and roulette wheels. Before them stood a shiny silver pole with one of the guests attempting to wrap her self around it to show off her flexibility while the DJ admired her novice moves. On the opposite side of the 60' room there were several large sofas and chairs placed along the wall with individual chairs facing each sofa.

As expected all eyes turned towards us. We smiled nervously and stepped in. Trying hard to look confident we scanned the room. It's those first few seconds were you identify potential playmates and, of course, the ones you don't want to play with. Those first five seconds hang in the air and feel like hours. I put my hand on Jan's waist and gently pushed and we stepped further into the room while the participants returned to their previous activities. As we walked I maintained my scanning, noticing several couples and single males had continued to watch us walk the gauntlet. 

We had interest. As if I ever doubted it. Jan is stunning and no one, male or female, straight or gay, could avoid seeing and sensing her sexuality and sexy attitude. She is a diva, she exudes sex. I registered the interested parties and glanced at Jan to see if she had too. 

The first port of call was a drink to calm the nerves and give our hands something to do. We ordered from one of the topless barmen, healthy looking and sporting a six-pack. We clinked glasses and moved to one of the sofas nearby. We made it – no trips, no spillages, no mistakes...and no embarrassments. 

Our plan was to pinpoint people we both found attractive and then to make eye contact which would then lead to an approach. Like most men I was intent on finding a single bi-female to fulfil a lifelong fantasy and as I searched amongst the guests I saw none. To be expected, as these creatures are truly like gold dust. The only lone females were the pole dancer and the croupiers. To fulfil this fantasy you need patience and some luck.

We compared 'notes' as we sipped our drinks. He was too short or she was too dumpy. He was too scruffy or her make up was atrocious. It looked as though the night could be a non-starter. The couples we settled on seemed to be deep in conversation with others and were likely to begin their playtime soon. There was a tinge of disappointment and a small degree of panic at the thought of being approached by one or more of our 'rejects'. We're always happy to meet up with new people and have a good chat but if we want to take it further we both need to feel an attraction and some chemistry. It's quite uncomfortable when someone you don't fancy makes a move and letting them down gently is an art form in itself; and one we haven't quite mastered.

As we discussed the last few couples two '30 something' women noisily moved two armchairs together and positioned themselves immediately opposite us. I got a sensation that they were on a mission. There was some urgency there. And there was some giggling too. Things were looking up!

"Hello." the first one said "I'm Randy Rachael and this is Poppy the Perve...cheers!" as she lent over and clinked her glass to mine and then Jan's.

I looked sideways at Jan and laughed. "Randy Rachel?" Jan smiled.

"Cheers."

Jan spoke first "Hi, I'm Jan and this is Paul." There was another round of glass clinking followed by silly smiles all round.

The girl opposite me, Rachael, was the more confident of the two and she was happy to open up and lead the conversation. While she and Jan talked, I surveyed the view and the possibilities. Had we struck gold I wondered. The blonde girl, Poppy, appeared a little uncomfortable but that may have been due to her attire. For what seemed a quiet girl she had decided to wear nothing but a revealing low cut lace up corset with a built in frilly skirt, old fashioned stockings and suspenders and heels. She had forgotten to put a dress on. Not that I was complaining as her voluptuous figure was desperately trying to overflow the corset. It wouldn't take much to dislodge things I thought to myself.

I felt a nudge in my side from Jan. "And?" she said.

"Sorry, sorry... and what? Sorry miles away here."

"And what do you think about the place. This is Rachael and Poppy's first time here."

I looked back at Rachael and raised my eyebrows, signifying deep thought. Rachael was slightly taller than Poppy, a brunette and not quite as curvy as Poppy or Jan but she had ample to offer. She was attractive, they both were and I could see Jan liked them both. 

"Well, we've only been here a few times and each time it's been different. The equipment is great. Jan likes most of the stuff here. Me too. I think there's a few too many single guys tonight though. You?"

Rachael responded in some detail. She had obviously inspected every nook and cranny. While she spoke I noted her simple clothes; quite understated, plain and all black. Here blouse was made of a sheer material providing a glimpse of her body underneath. She had a full breast with a good cleavage and had not worn a bra for the occasion. Her skirt was of medium length and although semi-transparent she wore an underskirt or petticoat. She was shapely with reasonably long legs but was a few inches shorter than Jan.

"So which one's your fav?" Rachael ended with.

I was about to offer a response but the question had been directed to Jan who smiled widely and explained her passion for the swing. All three women giggled loudly. I knew then we were on to a winner. My pulse jumped 10 points at the thought.

Rachael abruptly stood up and swung her backside over and between Jan and me. "OK?" she questioned as she shimmied into position. "Poppy, sit there darling." she directed as she pointed to her now vacant chair. Rachael's friendly style was well suited to the occasion and her chat with us began to take on a new dimension. She obviously knew what she wanted and who she wanted and she made no bones about it. Poppy and I sat to the side and chatted further but our conversation was several notches below that of Jan and Rachael. While we spoke about the club, the scene and general observations about the other guests Rachael and Jan were deep into far more intimate things.

Poppy and I took in the mounting heat, both verbal and physical, during our own exchange and we both knew or at least sensed that the night was soon to take on a new and mutually desired direction. My pulse jumped another 10 points and I suggested another drink for everyone.

I took the requests and headed for the bar conscious of a growing bulge in my trousers. The barmen took my order and winked at me. I laughed and understood exactly what he was thinking. I turned and lent on the bar to look back at the three women huddled together talking and chuckling together. A smiling voice behind me said "You greedy bastard!" and I received a friendly nudge in the back.

"It's all beyond my control my friend." I retorted "But I'm not complaining!"

As I walked back to the sofas I was aware of a buzz behind me. We were obviously the topic of conversation and I suspected it wouldn't end there. The night was still quite young after all.

I handed over the drinks and returned to my seat while Rachael stood up and offered her hand to Poppy and said in a suggestive manner "Little girls' room?" And they both trotted off in that direction.

As they were out of ear-shot I said with wide open eyes "Wow...What's happening here then?"

Jan shifted position and smiled a big sexy smile and explained what was about to occur. My pulse raced and I took in a couple of deep breaths.

"Well first off Poppy won't be involved. Well, not physically anyway. She wants to watch."

My eyes opened even wider in a questioning manner. "Seriously?"

"She's never played and she's only ever been with men but she likes to watch. So that means that your fantasy will come true but with an added twist...you'll have a voyeur to witness everything. How do you feel about that?"

It took maybe three nano-seconds to consider the horniness of that statement and a response wasn't really required but an involuntary smiling "Hmmph." came out of my mouth while I shook my head in disbelief. What could you say to something like that anyway? My shaking head developed into a nod.

"That's OK then." Jan whispered as she lent over and kissed me long and full on the lips.

The next couple of minutes felt like hours as we waited for Rachael and Poppy to return, made worse when Jan quietly confessed that her pussy was wet. No doubt they had continued their giggles all the way there and back and now we were minutes, seconds from every man's dream....plus.

Poppy looked over at me and whispered "Is that OK?" and the other two ladies turned to see and hear my response. It was difficult to speak as my mouth had completely dried up with the expectation but I nodded, smiled and managed a feeble "Very."

"I've found the perfect room too." said Rachael "It's just down the hallway on the right." She turned, offering hands to Poppy and Jan. "Come on."

We all stood up and the four of us, linked hand in hand, made our way out of the bar area towards the bank of rooms at the side of the club. I noted several guests smiling and nodding to each other as we left and the barmen raised his glass, winked and sipped a celebratory drink for us as we left the room. 

The Room

The room Rachael had chosen was an interesting one. It was simple in design and layout but offering many options for everyone. The first thing of note was the entrance to the room. There was a small corridor off the main hallway and another small ante room with the door to the room. The door and part of the wall had been built like a prison cell with tall vertical bars from floor to ceiling and a similar style door. Behind the wall and door, inside the room, were a set of thick burgundy velvet curtains.

The room itself was about the size of a large bedroom with a centrally positioned bed. It was more a platform than a bed as it was higher than a normal bed and its mattress was covered in a burgundy PVC or rubber material. But it was a large bed, made to take at least four people. On the wall nearest the end of the bed was a low bench with a deep cushion, also covered in the same material as the bed. The remaining walls were unfinished brick work with several up lighters providing soft and moody lighting. I noticed several hooks high on the wall and a couple of circular brackets made to tie things to. So we had three solid walls of brick and one of iron bars.

Rachael led the way followed by Poppy who immediately sat on the bench. I had a passing thought that she should have brought some popcorn as Jan and I walked around the bed. My hand trailed over the texture of the bed. It was warm.

Jan and I were stood at one side of the bed facing the iron wall and Rachael entered pulling the cell door closed behind her signifying that this was a private party and no visitors were allowed. Rachael took a couple of paces to the opposite side of the bed, near the bottom edge. Poppy sat in the middle of the bench facing the bed. The scene was set and my heart was racing. I saw that Rachael had undone the buttons on her blouse but she stood firm wanting to see more.

I moved into position behind Jan, as I often do in these first moments, and kissed the back of her neck. While she responded, pushing her head back towards me I brought both hands around to her breasts and cupped them over her dress. I could feel her heart pumping and her nipples were pushing hard against her dress. I continued to kiss her neck and shoulders as I squeezed her breasts. My hand slid into the low cut material to allow me to brush against her nipple. It was erect, hard and hot. Jan pushed her body back toward me and rubbed her arse against my growing cock. She moved sideways a few times rubbing harder against me.

I looked up at Rachael inviting an approach. As she came closer I pulled away the material from Jan's breast revealing her exited state, showing Rachael the hard nipple. She took the bait readily and lent forward and placed her mouth around Jan's nipple while her tongue slid upwards and against the nipple.

There was almost no sound in the room, nothing was said. Rachael's hand came under Jan's breast and she squeezed the breast making the nipple push out even further allowing her to flick her tongue over the nipple. Jan's reaction was immediate. There was a low moan and her hand shot behind her and she grabbed my cock through the material of my trousers. She rubbed me gently feeling the growing girth, knowing I would be desperate to release it for her and Rachael to play with.

With one hand I slipped the material away from Jan's other breast and lent forward to take Rachael's hand and I placed that on the newly revealed nipple. Both our hands were stroking Jan's breasts as Rachael moved closer. Their lips met half way and a long slow kiss evolved. From behind I could see tongues changing places, wet lip on wet lip. Jan moved her free hand on to Rachael's shoulder and very slowly ran her fingers down the front of her blouse, so slowly it was obviously a tease. But she reached Rachael's nipple and gave it a gentle squeeze. I heard two rapid intakes of breath as the sensation hit Rachael.

I could feel the blood racing to my cock. Every tissue in my body had received the signal and it felt as if every fluid ounce of blood was going to one place. I stepped back slightly from Jan and a little to the side so I could see more but I had an overwhelming urge to feel and taste Jan's wetness. I couldn't resist. I moved closer and placed my flat hand against the exposed flesh at the hip. Jan's black hold-up stockings made a fantastic contrast to her creamy skin and the hip to floor split in the side of the dress made my entrance easy. I slid my hand in slowly feeling her warm skin shiver. I aimed down a little and extended my hand until I felt the heat from Jan's shaved pussy. As my fingers curled to go under I pulled back up while pushing my middle finger between the lips of her vulva. I slipped in with ease, she was amazingly wet, a warm, slick wetness that identified her excitement. I pushed gently and trailed my finger against her flesh as I brought it back up. I dwelled a little as I felt her clitoris. A small stroke of the finger and I heard Jan let out a soft moan. I love those signals. I withdrew.

I tasted Jan's wetness. So sweet, so slippery. My cock pulsated as several more fluid ounces of blood reached its destination.

Jan and Rachael were still kissing as I pushed my hand between them to locate Rachael's hand. I pulled it away from Jan's breast and took her hand to where I had just been. I placed my hand over hers and directed her lower. My middle finger found hers and as we descended towards Jan's pussy I pushed Rachael's middle finger into the wet folds of Jan's pussy. We passed Jan's clitoris on the way down, making for another sharp intake of breath, and went further and deeper into her pussy. Rachael curled her fingers and I gently pushed on them so that she could slip two into Jan. Rachael broke away from the kiss to look into Jan's eyes as she probed her pussy. They both smiled and Rachael brought her now sopping fingers to her own mouth but Jan lent forward and licked one of them first, savouring her own sugary juices. Rachael then moved in and sucked the other finger making a mewing sound in appreciation.

I looked sideways to see what Poppy was doing and realised that we had a new audience member; Rachael had forgotten to pull the curtains closed, at least that was my first fleeting thought. We were being watched by a couple from the bar. I didn't linger but registered we had another voyeur in our midst. Poppy sat on her bench looking excited and content. I noted that she was squeezing her legs together and considered that maybe she needed to pee....but then again, I have heard that some women can masturbate that way, so as I focused back on the two girls I decided to keep that thought. 

The Girls

I moved back and asked Jan if she wanted to lie down. She smiled knowingly and stepped back to the bed to sit on its edge. She shuffled around to and pull up her dress to her waist and then on over her head. She handed me the dress, smiled again while looking up at Rachael and slid backwards on the bed. Jan was naked except for hold-ups and heels. She slowly opened her legs, keeping her hand over her now swollen pussy. She slipped a finger between her lips and began stroking her clitoris and her other hand circling one of her nipples.

"May I?" Rachael asked looking at no one in particular as she dropped to her knees. She let her hands run up Jan's calves and on to her thighs and close to Jan's pussy. She lingered for a moment before leaning forward. Jan looked on as Rachael approached her pussy and opened her legs wider. Jan took two fingers and opened her lips to ease access for Rachael and tilted her hips upward. Her fingers tickled her clitoris as Rachael's mouth and tongue made contact. 

The bed was too high to for comfort so Rachael stood up, her mouth not leaving Jan's hot pussy lips. I could see her head making long slow movements up and down and I could only visualise her tongue's action pressing gently then firmly against Jan's engorged clitoris. This was my cue to unload some clothes; my cock was straining against my boxers and it needed some space. It needed touching. It needed a warm, wet cavern to play with.

I unbuttoned my shirt and trousers while kicking of my shoes. Glancing again at Poppy I could see that she was engrossed in the action and her hand had wandered between her thighs. I dropped my trousers and boxers in one go and felt the rush of air around my equipment and a final surge of blood into my rock hard cock. It was fit and ready to crack walnuts let alone anything else.

My hand wrapped around my cock and I slowly pulled back and then forward, squeezing hard as I pushed up. The feeling was sensational; an intense relief. I needed this. Jan watched me as I continued to play with my cock. She knew I was watching Rachael licking her pussy, knowing that at some point I would be entering Rachael from behind while she was being licked.

That thought and the sensations from Rachael's tongue caused a little moan from Jan, making me pull harder and faster. Rachael was still dressed so I found the zip to her skirt and unzipped her. I slowly pulled her skirt backward and let it drop to the floor, all the time still playing with my cock. I picked her skirt up and offered it to Poppy who by now seemed close to something. She was flushed and she sounded short of breath but she took the skirt without taking her eyes away from my cock. My next task was to remove Rachael's g-string. I needed two hands and had to let go of my pulsating cock. I slipped two fingers on each side of Rachael's hips and quickly brought the thin material over her arse and down her legs. Rachael lifted one leg while I removed the g-string and we repeated the process with her other leg.
