 CHAPTER ONE — RELATIONSHIPS 

Illicit thoughts

"Well?" the pouting young woman asked, pulling her short blonde hair onto the top of her head with one hand and resting the other on her hip. "Sexy?" 

Madison Cooper flicked her appreciative eyes across her best friend's body. In her multi coloured tube top, short black skirt and thigh length black boots, Peaches looked hot. 

But then, Peaches always looked hot. 

Her fair skin was brought alive by the sprinkling of freckles across her face and there was something about the way her nose crinkled when she laughed that made her seem like the proverbial girl-next-door. But as many a young man could testify, her cute face belied the wonderful wickedness that lay underneath. Peaches oozed sex appeal. 

The two nineteen year old girls had known one another since they'd entered the teens, and had become inseparable over the years since then. Maybe it was their different qualities that attracted them to one another? Peaches always seemed to wrap men around her finger, while the brunette had never quite inherited the same self-confidence. Whatever scrapes they'd got into with men over their formative years, it was always Peaches leading the way.

"Yeah," Madison giggled, smoothing her short red dress across her flat stomach. "Like a model. But what about me?"

Her short dress fluttered around her long, shapely legs as she twirled in front of the mirror. 

"You?" Peaches murmured. "God, Maddy, what do I keep telling you? If you were bi like me I'd take you to bed and fuck you myself."

The girls giggled at one another. It was a comment Peaches had frequently made. There'd been times on the dance floor, or even when Peaches had stayed over at Madison's flat, that they'd shared a cuddle and more than a friendly kiss. But that was as far as Madison was ever likely to go. 

As nice as Peaches looked and smelled, women weren't her thing.

She swung around again. In the tight dress, the heart shaped curve of her wonderful buttocks was a sight to behold. But it wasn't her ass that Peaches' clear blue eyes were focused on. 

"Those tits," she sighed, creeping up behind her friend. Her hands reached underneath Madison arms and slithered upwards to cup her unfettered breasts. "Fuck, I wish I had tits like these..."

Madison deep brown eyes narrowed as she looked at the sexy sight in the mirror. The black haired young woman felt her toes curl. The way Peaches' fingers were kneading her swells and manipulating her nipples was sending shockwaves down to her sex. She spun away, panting a little as she turned to face her blonde friend. "Peaches, you are wicked..."

"Of course I am," Peaches grinned, picking up the glass of wine they'd been sharing and reaching for the bottle again. "That's why we make such a good team."

Madison shook her head in wonder. Peaches was the most confident person she'd ever known—and the sexiest. She glanced back in the mirror, seeing that her high nipples were standing out proudly on her full breasts. The sight would blow Nate's mind. Her boyfriend of three months had this thing about her tits. Heck, most men had this thing about her tits. Even Nate's dad had told her she should be in Playboy last week. But Mr. Robson always had been a perv.

"You want to share tonight?" Peaches casually asked, topping up her glass of wine from the nearly empty bottle. Her preference was red, but the supermarket white was adequate enough before they met their boyfriends. She winked at the brunette as she sighed and shook her head. 

"You know the answer to that one," Madison murmured, walking across to her friend and taking the glass from her. Peaches' natural effervescence made it impossible to get really annoyed at her. She swigged down half the contents in one mouthful. "You might be into boyfriend swapping, you slut" she giggled. "But you know it's not my thing..."

"Only too well," her friend laughed. The boys had occasionally mentioned the idea, encouraged by the intimacy they shared. Madison flat contained only one bedroom, with twin beds. That usually meant they fucked their boyfriend's at the same time in full view of one another. The situation leant itself to sharing, but the brunette had always drawn the line at the idea. 

Shame, Peaches would have been quite happy to 'road test' Madison's boyfriend. Nate was much cuter than Ethan, even though his cock wasn't as big. Hell, she would have taken them both on, for that matter. But her friend's reluctance meant the idea would always remain a non starter.

"I know what you're thinking," Madison grinned at her, cocking her head to one side. "The answer is still no." She loved her flat, even though it was so small. And in more ways than one, getting her own place had proven to be a Godsend. With her parents divorced and her mother living abroad, life with her father had only just been tolerable. 

Mind you, it had been less so when he and her mother were still together and arguing so much. She couldn't remember a time when they'd been happy. Her father was often out with friends, boozing, gambling, and chasing women. Not that her mother had been any better. Madison knew of a couple of affairs she'd had, so there must have been others she wasn't aware of.

Eventually, it had all proven too much for them. The divorce had been acrimonious and Madison had lived with her dad for the best part of twelve months until neither of them could stand it any longer. The daily arguments were wearing them both down. Besides, she was cramping his style. How could you bring women home when your teenage daughter was around?

The job she secured working for the controversial PR guru, Jay-Jay Kazan, gave her the freedom to rent somewhere on her own. She loved the work, too. The English publicist was infamous for representing the underdog, turning them into celebrities by selling their 'kiss-and-tell' stories to the tabloid newspapers. His Personal Assistant, Lucinda, had taken Madison under her wing and the nineteen-year-old brunette was already proving her worth.

"You know what I'm thinking?" Peaches queried, sidling up behind her friend. One of her hands ran through the lustrous black hair that fell in waves onto Madison shoulders, while the other slid under the hem of her short red dress. "What am I thinking?"

Madison gasped as her friend's fingers slid across her thighs. For a moment, she thought of opening her legs. That would call Peaches' bluff. The trouble was it might call her own, too. The tingling between her thighs was building with each teasing caress. She swung around. "Peaches..." she croaked, although she didn't move.

"Why not experiment? Just a little?" Peaches teased, giggling as she planted a kiss on the brunette's' nose. "I'd be the perfect partner..."

Madison rolled her eyes. "You can be a right little slut," she laughed.

"Can be?" Peaches giggled, putting one hand behind her neck and the other on her hip. She rotated her groin like a stripper. "Baby, as you know full well, I am a slut..."

The brunette shook her head again and tapped her watch. "Well get that sluttish ass into gear. We're meeting Nate and Ethan at the pub in half an hour."

***

"Where are we going to take them?" Nate asked, digging his fingertips into the dashboard as the red mini swung precariously around a corner. "For fuck's sake, mate—slow down."

Ethan grinned back at him as he straightened the car. The red traffic lights ahead stopped his progress. "Takes corners like a dream, doesn't it?"

"Good luck with your driving test..."

The ginger haired twenty-one year old gunned the engine as he waited impatiently for the lights "Hey," he laughed, playfully punching his friend's arm. "I passed first time with flying colours. Which test is it you're taking next month? Third? Fourth?"

"Second, as you well know," Nate said, pulling a face that couldn't disguise his good natured grin. "It's a good job I don't have you teaching me."

"You could do worse," Ethan told him, pushing the car into gear as the lights turned in their favour. "Mind you, that Mrs. Waterstone is a hottie. Everyone says so."

"Absolutely right," his friend agreed, checking his mobile phone in case of one the girl's had sent a text. They'd told the boys not to be late and yet here they were, as usual, breaking all speed limits in an attempt to reach the pub in time. "She always wears something low cut when she's taking a lesson. Man, it's hard to drive with a boner."

"You think she's up for it?"

Nate shook his head as he glanced out of the window. Darkness was closing in. "Nah, I think she's a cocktease."

"Just like Peaches was at first," Ethan responded, shooting his friend a smile. "But she was worth waiting for. Fuck, Nate, that girl oozes sex..."

"Don't I know it," the younger boy answered. "Watching her fucking your lights out while I'm doing Maddy is pretty hot."

"And watching your girlfriend is pretty hot, too. I mean, Peaches' fit, but what a fucking body Madison has. Those tits..."

The two young men went silent for a moment, luxuriating in the image of Madison's naked breasts. That was one of the incredible things about their relationship with the two girls. Simultaneously fucking their naked girlfriends within a few feet of one another was such a turn on...

"Do you think—" Ethan began.

Nate sent him a regretful smile. "You already know the answer to that one." 

Ethan thumped the steering wheel. Damn it! Peaches was up for it, no doubt about that. She'd practically told him as much. But she wouldn't do anything to upset her friend. Yet the constant thought continually had him drooling at the mouth. As much as Peaches was the sexiest damn girl he'd ever been with, the sight of Madison's fantastic tits bouncing as she rode Nate remained firmly embedded in his mind. What he wouldn't give...

"It's no good imagining it," Nate's voice cut in. "Maddy is a one man at a time girl."

"Yeah?"

"Especially when the man is me," he grinned, running a hand through his dark curly hair. "But then I'm man enough for any woman."

Ethan shot him a sideways glance. "Yeah, right. Peaches will eat you alive."

"Unlikely," Nate laughed. "Because it's not going to happen. For fuck's sake, Ethan..."

He gripped the dashboard again as his friend took another corner a little too fast and had to swing back to his side of the road when a lorry suddenly loomed in their sight. They fell into their own silent thoughts again. When they simultaneously sighed, both young men laughed.

"What," Ethan grinned. "You think I should go for remedial lessons with Mrs. Waterstone?"

Nate shook his head ruefully. "You wish..." he smirked. "So, where are we taking the girls tonight?"

Ethan slowed as they hit traffic. "A quick drink at the pub and then we're heading for that new nightclub that's opened. Goodfella's..."

"Goodfella's?!?" Nate barked out the word. "You're kidding? That's for the rich and famous, not the likes of us. It'll cost an arm and a leg."

His ginger haired friend patted the pocket of his jacket. "And if I was to tell you I'd secured complimentaries..."

"You have?" Nate's voice lifted a notch in his excitement. He turned in his seat to look at his friend. Ethan shot him a sideways grin. "How the fuck...?"

"Tommy got them," came the explanation. "They're only valid for tonight and he's in Sheffield."

The grin spreading across Nate's face threatened to never end. "Hey, man, I've always loved your older brother!"

"A quick drink here and then we can make our way down to the club," Ethan told him, practically swinging the car into the Fleece car park on two wheels. "The drinks will cost a fortune, mind, so we'd better go easy. But the girls will be impressed and when we get back to Maddy, who knows..."

He wiggled his eyebrows at his friend. 

"You live in a dream world, Ethan...." Nate disdainfully snorted. "It's not going to happen..."

***

Madison and Peaches' lush bodies glistened with perspiration as they whirled and spun about on the dance floor. Nate and Ethan had long since retired to their table at the side, already worn out by their girlfriend's exuberance. Once the girls had found out that Ethan had tickets for the club, they hadn't stayed at the Fleece for even one drink. 

Since then, the two young women had been continually dancing.

Goodfella's was alive with the music, and Madison and Peaches were determined to make the most of the experience. The double-tiered nightclub was filled to capacity with beautiful people and the young teenager's knew full well that they fitted in perfectly. They mightn't have as much money as others here, but they were the equal of any of the attractive women.

"You move very well," the guy on their right shouted. Peaches smiled, meeting the large, dark eyes of the ebony skinned man. From the way other women were staring at him, it was clear he was well known, even if she had no idea who he was. "I'm Leon," he told her, keeping his voice above the music. "This is Frankie. But then you probably already know that."

"Should I?" the petite blonde casually said, swinging around to face Madison. 

She was well aware that the two men had been watching them since they'd begun dancing. That's why she'd been even raunchier than usual in her movements. Once Nate and Ethan were out of the way, she'd expected them to move in. She hadn't been disappointed. 

As she'd anticipated, turning her back didn't discourage her admirer. Especially when she provocatively swung her hips from side to side to each beat of the music. 

He'd need to be a Saint to ignore her... 

"Sure you do," he whispered into her ear, moving in close and finding her hips with his hands. "We're actors. Old Oak Street."

"Never heard of it," she lied, throwing her head back so that their faces met. 

"Is that right?" he grinned, grinding himself into her ass. Everyone knew of the three times a week soap that dominated the ratings. "Where've you been hiding?"

Peaches swung back to face him, away from the wandering hands that sought out her breasts. Sliding her hands to her short blonde hair, she provocatively shimmied lower until her head was level with his crotch and then back up again. "You're famous, then?" 

"Absolutely," his smooth Caribbean tone cockily told her. He swung his hips with a natural rhythm, matching her move for move. "Next time you're coming here, just tell them you're friends of Leon and Frankie." 

She tantalisingly swung away as he reached for her again. "Next time?"

"Yeah." He nodded across to where Nate and Ethan were sitting. "But don't bring the losers..."

She laughed, swinging away again and locking her hands around Madison's neck. The two women danced close, putting on a show for their admirers. Within seconds, the two men had moved in again, Leon grinding into Peaches' ass and Frankie into Madison's.

"Says he's an actor," the blonde shouted at her friend, grinning at the way Madison was blushing.

"Let's get back," the brunette told her, glancing across at their boyfriends. The problem was that with the man behind her and Peaches in front of her, there was no way to go.

"You don't want to go yet, baby," Frankie shouted into her ear. "We're just getting started."

"You're in Old Oak Street as well?" Peaches asked, staring past Madison at the grinding young man.

"Where've you been hiding?" he cockily replied, winking at the blonde while sliding his hands up onto Madison tits. 

The brunette knocked them away immediately. "Peaches..." she hissed.

"Shy," Frankie grinned. "I like them shy..."

"You're sure you're not policemen?" Peaches quipped, ignoring her friend's discomfort. She glanced over her shoulder at Leon. "That's a mighty impressive truncheon..."

"Wanna check it out?" he arrogantly grunted into her ear.

Madison's eyes widened. She could see from the look on Peaches' face that she was actually going to take him up on the offer. That's when she heard the voice from the side.

"Can we have your autographs?" 

To their left, several young girls were queuing up beside the two actors. The black bodies that had been grinding into theirs temporarily backed away. 

"Sure," Frankie was saying, taking the slip of paper and pen from the first in the queue.

Madison saw the escape route and grabbed her friend's hand. "C'mon. Nate and Ethan will be wondering where we've got to..."

***

The atmosphere in the car heading back to Madison's flat was lined with sexual tension. The boys were anticipating the benefits of treating their girlfriend's to Goodfella's, while their girlfriend's were still feeling the heat from their flirtation with the two black actors.

The boys had watched the encounter, and once inside the front door it seemed they both had something to prove. Nate immediately took Madison's hand and dragged her to the bedroom, while Ethan picked up Peaches and followed them in. 

The room was small, with the twin single beds taking up most of the space. The couple of feet gap between them was just big enough to accommodate a small bedside table against the wall. The beds had rungs instead of a headboard—ideal for tying someone up, Peaches had quipped—and the picture of Marilyn Monroe above the bed completed the sparse furnishings.

When Ethan flung Peaches down on the bed to their right, the petite blonde giggled. "Mmm... my caveman" she told him as he began to unbutton his shirt. She wrenched the black skirt down her legs, and then yanked her skimpy red panties after them. In just the tube top and thigh length black boots, she lewdly spread her legs. "Come and get it baby..."

Her ginger haired boyfriend dragged at his jeans and almost fell over in his haste to pull them over his feet. "Shit," he grunted, holding onto the pole at the bottom left of the bed to steady himself. His boxers followed.

"Is that for me?" she teased, eyeing his hardness. "Not as big as those actors, but it'll have to do I suppose."

"Bitch!" He half-laughed as he headed for the bed. Peaches began to giggle again.

"Slow down, Nate," Madison panted at her boyfriend, though his urgency was a turn-on in itself. He'd already pushed her dress up to her waist and dragged her thong down her legs. 

"Nate..." she repeated, but his mouth stopped her. The dark haired youngster had pulled her legs around his shoulders and pushed her flat on the left hand bed. As his tongue went to work on her baby-smooth pussy, she slipped the straps of her dress down her body and moaned as she cupped her naked breasts. "Oh, fuck, yes..."

"Hey, concentrate on me," Peaches rasped as she saw Ethan's narrowed eyes devour Madison's naked body. She stroked his cock and growled approvingly. "Mind you, I swear you've just grown a couple of inches at the sight of those tits."

They both glanced back at the couple on the other bed. Madison's body was shaking as her first orgasm overpowered her. Peaches grabbed Ethan's hair and forced his gaze to meet hers. "Think you can bring me off like that?" 

He took it as a personal challenge. Dragging up the tube top, he sank his mouth onto her perky breasts and sucked in her deep pink nipples.

Peaches growled her approval into his ear, gripping his ginger hair even more tightly. Her legs, half covered in the thigh length black boots wrapped around his body, the heels settling just above his hard butt. No foreplay was needed...

Ethan positioned his cockhead against her clean shaven entrance and her boot heels did the rest. He sank inside her. She groaned as each inch disappeared, enjoying the sensation as he let the steady pressure slowly push him deeper until he was buried to the hilt.

To her left, Nate groaned. Madison had his jeans and boxers around his thighs and half of his hard cock was engulfed in her mouth. From the look on his face, and his rhythmic 'oh fuck' chants, it seemed clear he wasn't going to last long. Madison eased off twice to stave off what appeared to be an imminent orgasm, but just as he calmed a little, her teasing mouth returned him to the edge before backing off again.
