 The continuation of that evening at Val's...

As I said, Val was dragging Sue and I behind her as we climbed the stairs to her master suite, the same master suite where I had fucked and sucked her husband, and three of his friends, earlier that evening.

Closing the door behind her after we had entered the bedroom, she turned the lock, and turning to us, literally ripped her clothes from her body. Stepping out of her panties, she head-motioned for me to join her and we had Sue naked in all of her youthful splendor in a nano-second. Turning to me with a look of "Well?", Val's direction was clear to me and I was as naked as the two of them in a heartbeat.

And just that quickly, Val and I were onto Sue's body like a pack of Jackals, the three of us thrashing about in Val's king-sized bed, our hands and mouths all over Sue's tight, young body. I straddled Sue's head on the pillow, kneeling so that her head was between my legs, kneeling so that I could lower my pussy to Sue's tongue which was straining to taste me as I teased her unmercifully by holding my pussy just out of her reach.

Val was between Sue's legs as I did this, noisily kissing and sucking on Sue's shaved snatch, the smell of sex filling the room. Waiting no longer, Sue grabbed me by my hips and pulled me onto her face, onto her mouth and probing tongue. 

Now, I've been 'eaten' by some very skilled women over the past few years, but Sue... well, Sue had a special skill that I can't quite define. Val was right, this young thing knew how to eat pussy!

I was sure that the sounds from the bedroom as the three of us played could be heard downstairs but, well, I just didn't give a fuck if it could. I was rubbing my pussy across Sue's opened mouth and tongue, grinding hard against her, amazed at how long her tongue was as it snaked in and out of my pussy. Val sounded as if she was eating her last meal as she sucked and tongue-fucked Sue who was doing the same to me. I came first, grabbing the headboard to keep my balance as I tried to smother Sue with my pussy. Sue came next, her screams of orasmic delight muffled by my pussy on her mouth.

I was still slowly rubbing my cunt across Sue's mouth, enjoying the ebbing of orgasmic bliss when I felt Val's hand on my shoulder, gently pulling me off of Sue's face.

"My turn, Suge, my turn to ride the Sue express while you get to have a taste for yourself," Val said as she took my place over Sue's smiling face. Just that quickly, we were at it again, Val riding Sue's incredible mouth and tongue while I buried my face in her sweet smelling-and tasty-snatch.

I couldn't get enough of Sue's pussy, it tasted so wonderful, I thought, as I probed her slit with my tongue. Val was grinding hard on Sue's face, Sue's sounds clearly indicating that she was loving what was going on. Sue came first this time, her hands pulling my head hard against her as she ground out her climax against my mouth. In the middle of Sue's own orgasm, Val came with a loud sigh of joy, her pelvis pushing hard against Sue's willing mouth. Spent, Val collapsed next to Sue, kissing on her, cooing to her, her hands fondling Sue's breasts as she did so.

Moving over so that I could get between Val's legs, she opened wide for me to lower my head to her pussy, sighing with contentment when my tongue found her clit and began it's journey around it. I soon had my mouth over her 'little man' and sucked on it as if it were a tit-nipple, loving it's hardness in my mouth. I was so engrossed with eating Val that I didn't register the fact that Sue had left the bed. 

Two minutes later that would change.

At first, I thought a guy had joined us when I felt the tip of a cock rubbing against my sopping-wet pussy. I soon realized that what I was feeling, as I eagerly ate away at Val, was the tip of a dildo, a strap-on dildo, sliding into me. I pushed back against,who, I now knew, was Sue, letting her slide the dildo deep into me. And as I ate Val's sweet pussy, Sue fucked me with the strap-on, fucked me hard and fucked me well. As she pumped away at me, Sue's finger found, and entered, my asshole, slowly spreading it with her finger, lubing it, so to speak. And just that quckly, she pulled out of my pussy and slid the head of the dildo into my asshole which caused me to moan a feeling of joy into Val's pussy as I continued to eat away at her.

Slowly penetrating me, Sue increased her fucking of my ass, my ass eagerly accepting it, wanting it. Funny thing, I don't normally like being fucked in the ass by a guy and will usually avoid it, unless a guy's cock is on the smaller side. Then, that's different...

Something to be said about being fucked in the ass and pussy at the same time, by two guys, though.

This dildo was not small but I didn't care. I'd been fucked in the ass with dildoes by other women before, and if a woman was doing it, I liked it.

No, I don't know why that is, either...

Val suddenly grabbed my head in her hands as Sue pounded me in the ass, pulling my mouth hard against her pussy when she came. Holding my head in place, she rubbed against my mouth and tongue, her own sounds of enjoyment loud in the room. As soon as she released my head from her hands, I lifted myself, with extended arms, until I was in the typical 'doggy' position, my owns sounds of enjoyment, joining those of Val.

Sue was fucking me hard in the ass now and I was enjoying the crap out of it. I was enjoying the strap-on sliding in and out of my ass, sure that my ass-cheeks would be bruised from the pounding that Sue was now giving me. And just that quickly, much sooner than I wanted to, I climaxed, my screams, I was sure, reaching downstairs to the main room.

"No mas," I finally said, sure that my ass was ripped and torn, and collapsing onto the bed, I laid next to Val, my breath coming in hard gasps for oxygen.

Pulling the strap-on from her hips, Sue crawled between my legs, first, eating and nibbling at my pussy, then over to Val's spread legs, where she did the same to her. Sue, tirelessly, switched between both Val and I, tonguing, eating, licking our pussies to, yet, more orgasms. Delicously so, I might add.

Before she left us, Sue asked, no, begged, us to each take a turn fucking her with the strap-on.

Of course, we did.

We each took our turn, Val and I, fucking that little chickadee until she could barely walk out of the room by the time we were finished with her. When it was my turn to fuck Sue, I flipped her over onto her stomach and ass-fucked her, as she had done to me. 

And, just as hard.

Afterwards, laying in each other's arms, Val and I had that 'private' sixty-nine thing that we both wanted so badly. I don't care how many pussies I've eaten-and it's quite a few-I still love Val's the best. 

Don't know why, don't care.

The party broke up around two in the morning, Bob and Val driving me back to my hotel afterwards. At Val's urging, and my eager acceptance, I sat in front, with Bob, so that I could stretch my mouth one more time over his thick cock on the drive there. Timing was perfect and Bob popped his nut into my mouth about a mile from my hotel. Kissing them both goodnight, I thanked them for a marvelous evening and dragged myself up to my room, the taste of jism fresh in my mouth, my pussy still throbbing from the fucking I had done.

Seeing the message light blinking, I punched up my voice mail. It was from Hubby, saying goodnight and hoping I had a good evening.

I certainly had that I thought to myself as I crawled into bed, totally exhausted, but filled with great feelings from all of the fucking and sucking I had done that night.

Did I mention that I really like sucking cock?

But, I never told Hubby about that night, keeping it locked inside of me. Don't know why other than the fact that keeping it to myself, was a sort of, I don't know, thrill? 

Whatever, I didn't tell him about that night, not until now.

But, the thrills from my night with Val and her friends were to have further consequences the very next night, my last night in town, before I was to fly home for the weekend.

Stay tuned...