 CHAPTER TWO — THAT FATEFUL NIGHT

A New Start

"I don't understand!" Nate spat out the words.

"You don't?" Madison asked in a matter of fact way. 

It surprised her how cool she felt about this. She and Nate had enjoyed some fun times in their three months together. Heck, the four of them had. Ethan and Peaches had become inseparable from them and most things were done as a foursome. But her mind was made up.

"I've explained it twice," she continued, keeping her voice calm and flat.

He ran a hand through his dark hair. Why did she want to end their relationship right now? It didn't make sense. Just because they'd got up to some drunken fun last night, she was coming over all high and mighty. What did it matter which of them fucked who? "Maddy, I can't believe you're doing this. You wanted last night as much as—"

The words were like presenting a red rag to a bull. "Don't!" she shouted, half rising up from the small couch. "Don't you dare! I've told you both time and time again, but no... Boys will be boys... you both had to push it until you got your way, didn't you?" 

How many times did he need to be told? The frustrated teenager had thought it all through during her sleepless hours last night, and had made her feelings clear to him when he'd called round that afternoon. She'd just spent the last half-hour explaining it again. They'd both betrayed her trust. 

What part of that continued explanation could his muddled brain not take in?

The youngster pushed a lock of dark hair back from his eye. His eyes widened as he searched for the right combination of words. He'd already apologised. What else could he do? 

When he flopped down beside her and reached for her hand, Madison pulled away. There really wasn't much more to be said.

"Another chance..." he began. "Now that..."

"Now that?" she repeated, crossing both arms over her chest. "What, Nate? Do you mean now that you've had your fun? Now that you've fucked Peaches? Now that you know what it feels like? Is that what you mean?"

"It just happened. We were drunk..."

"How many times did we talk about it at the Fleece?" Her tone had changed. The anger had gone, replaced by bitterness and disappointment. "I'd said NO—"

Nate's hands were out in front of him, trying to add emphasis to his words. "But we were all fooling around, Maddy. I thought..."

"You thought what, Nate?" she spat. "That you wanted to fuck my best friend? What was it? Curiosity?"

"Of course not—"

"Then what?" Her voice was rising. The anger had returned. "The two of you manipulated Peaches last night. And then you did the same to me."

"Didn't you enjoy—"

"FUUUUUCK!" Madison yelled. In an instant she was on her feet. When Nate jumped up too, she placed both hands on his chest and pushed him across the room. "Have I been talking to myself all this time? I thought we were having a conversation where I was trying to explain how I felt? I might as well have talked to the frigging wall."

She flopped back down on the couch, burying her head in her hands. Nate just stood there, as if waiting her out would see her anger dissipate and they could then return to normal. But it was finally dawning on him that she was serious. This wasn't one of those arguments between couples that were resolved by going to bed, as he'd hoped. There was no going back. 

He stared at her, at a loss to know what to say. His face was like a little boy lost. Then he bent down to pick up the flowers he'd brought for her. He hadn't expected her to throw them back at him. Ethan's suggestion that a bouquet would help smooth the way after last night had backfired. And he'd spent fifteen quid on those... 

"Maddy, I'm so sorry," he tried again. He began to offer her the flowers again but the look in her eyes told him it was a bad idea. "Look, I just didn't think. Neither did Ethan. Please, tell me what I can do to make things right. Then tonight we'll—"

"It's been fun, Nate," she told him. Her voice was cold. Resigned. There was a hint of sadness around her eyes. "You're a nice young man and we've enjoyed ourselves. But it's over."

His gaze pleaded with her. "Maddy..."

"It's over, Nate. I want us to leave on good terms if we can. I only want the best for you. But I'd like you to go now."

His shoulders sagged. He stuttered a few times without saying anything. Then he fell silent, his defeated face staring at hers. He took half a step forward, as if wanting a final hug, but Madison just sat there, immobile. At long last, he let out a sigh that seemed to go on forever. Finally, he turned towards the door.

As soon as it was closed behind him, she took a long breath as the feeling of emptiness ran through her. Then she began to cry.

***

"You've had that whole bottle of wine?" Peaches asked incredulously. The petite blonde had pulled Madison into a consoling hug, even though she had to stand on her tiptoes to do so. Ethan had told her how badly the conversation with Nate had gone, and her subsequent brief conversation over the phone with Madison had suggested that her friend had been drinking. 

"Exactly!" Madison exclaimed, her flushed face beaming as she stared into Peaches' soft blue eyes. 

"But it's only eight. We have a long evening ahead." 

"Yeah, I know," Madison laughed, unsteadily holding onto her friend. "But I wanted a drink after seeing Nate and one led to another. Besides, now I feel good again. So that's that."

Peaches grinned as she brushed one of Madison's sweeping black bangs from her eye. "So that's that? Okay, babe. But maybe some black coffee wouldn't go amiss?"

"Pooh, fooey!" her friend grinned, leaning forward. Her trembling hand picked up her unfinished glass, but before she could take another drink Peaches had taken it from her.

The blonde placed it back on the table and looked intently into Madison's brown eyes. Giving a soft giggle, she pulled her into another hug. Madison always looked adorable when she was inebriated. 

"Black coffee," she said again, smoothing the black hair like a mother would. "You're drunk."

"I'm not drunk," Madison giggled, pulling her fluffy robe closer around her body. She didn't feel drunk, she felt happy. After Nate had left, she'd sat down on the couch watched some old movies. She always did that when she was feeling down. She'd only meant to take the one glass of red, but one had turned into another. Heck, she hadn't showered until Peaches had phoned her and told her they were going clubbing again. 

It would cheer her up, she'd suggested. She was right.

"Yes, you are," Peaches insisted, suddenly aware of how close they were. Their breasts were resting against one another and she was unable to resist stroking her hands around to Madison's cute butt. Apart from some skimpy panties, it felt like she was naked underneath the robe. "You always get morose when you're drunk," she breathed. "And horny."

"I'm horny now," Madison answered, sending a long, loud sigh around the room. She pushed away from her friend to flop down on the couch. It was suddenly an effort to stand. "But not morose. The bastard deserved what he got."

"Well," Peaches sighed, dropping down onto the couch next to her. She picked up a strand of Madison long black hair and curled it between her fingers. Before they went any further with the conversation, she had to admit to her part. She hadn't exactly been innocent in the whole thing? "I kind of started it..."

"You mean you gave in more quickly than I did?" Madison giggled, resting her head against the back of the couch and closing her eyes. "You always were a slut..."

The two girls giggled together. Peaches' eyes took in every feature on that beautiful face. Yesterday's kiss was still fresh in her mind. She leaned closer to those pouting lips. 

"They've wanted to do that for a long time," Madison continued, though her eyes remained closed. Her voice sounded sleepy, unsurprising after all the red wine. "I've never really had a problem with that, but I always thought they'd respect my feelings. Last night they didn't."

"You're really finished with Nate?" Peaches murmured, watching those lips. 

"Absolutely," Madison softly mumbled, opening her eyes as she felt her friend's hot breath on her cheek. "Hey..."

"Hey what?"

"I've seen that look before..."

"What look?" Peaches innocently asked. She dipped her head and licked her tongue across one of her friend's cheeks.

Madison let out a soft moan. "Your seduction look," she mumbled. Her body shivering as she savoured the sexy wet touch.

"Seduction look?" the blonde softly whispered, flicking that long tongue along the other cheek. "But you said you were horny..."

"I am." The words came out soft and throaty. "But I thought we were going clubbing?"

"We are, babe," Peaches confirmed. "Back to Goodfella's to look for those actors again. But not quite yet..."

Madison stared into the sexy eyes; they wanted to devour her. Her breathing was coming heavier now and it was impossible to control. She could feel her friend's fingers stroking along her bare leg under the robe. 

"Our taxi arrives in half an hour," Peaches softly murmured, running her tongue along the underside of Madison's chin. "Leon gave me a password to tell the bouncers. 'Black beauty'."

Madison's dissolved into a sexy fit of laughter. "Black beauty?"

"Yeah," Peaches giggled, nudging her friend's face with her own. "Think he was talking about his cock?"

They burst into laughter again. 

"Maybe that's what I need," Madison murmured, turning her head to meet Peaches' provocative gaze. "Some black cock."

"Maybe we both do," Peaches began. "Maybe that's what's in store tonight? But I think you need warming up first."

"Warming up...?"

The words had no sooner slithered out of her mouth than her voice came to a dead stop. This wasn't really going to happen, was it? After all this time? She knew it was the drink, and yet she badly needed some sort of comfort after her earlier conversation with Nate.

Slowly, gently, beautifully, she watched Peaches' warm lips close the distance between them. 

Madison kept her mouth closed, but it only took one flick from the probing tongue for her to allow it to pass between her lips. When her own wet tongue responded, she realised she was practically mauling the blonde's face as they kissed. She couldn't help herself. 

Her breath was threatening to stick in her throat as she felt Peaches' hand on the robe of her belt, pulling it free... 

"Fuck, look at those," the blonde murmured a second before she sank her mouth to Madison's voluptuous tits. Her pink lips sucked in one of the golden brown nipples as her knowing hand glided deliciously over the warm, sensitive flanks of her friend's inner thighs. With a feather-light touch, she rubbed the very tips of her fingers over the red lace protecting Madison's sex.

Feeling her friend begin to pant with arousal, she repeated the soft caress. They didn't have long, but it would be long enough for her to make her mark.

Madison felt a fever rise inside her as the wonderful fingers worked their magic. Her heart thumped in her chest. Involuntarily, she eased her curvy hips forwards and opened her long legs wider in encouragement. Sharp shivers of pleasure ran through her as those gentle fingertips found her clit and stroked the swollen bud through her wet thong. 

Her eyes opened to watch her friend sucking on her nipples. This felt like heaven...

Her hand moved to Peaches' forearm, urging her on. She adjusted her position to allow the blonde's fingers to slide down inside her thong, whimpering as the exquisite hand found the jutting bulb of her clitoris. The sucking mouth on her tits and the circular patterns of Peaches' fingers on her clit was already taking her close to orgasm. 

"Oh, God—"

"You like Peaches pleasuring you, babe?" the blonde asked, pulling her hand away for a moment and sliding her fingers upwards to Madison mouth. 

She licked eagerly, desperate to taste her own juices. "Oh, Peaches—" she grunted, her voice barely audible.

The blonde bit gently on Madison's nipple as she slid her hand back down to the Promised Land. Peaches stiffened two fingers and pushed them into her friend's soaking wet pussy. The half drunk woman's hips began to buck as she searched out the orgasm. When Peaches' thumb lightly strummed her clit, the brunette practically took off into space.

Even as the force of the orgasm began to subside, she could hear Peaches' distant voice whispering in her ear. "Tonight, after the club, we'll spend the night doing this properly. If my fingers can make you cum, just imagine what my tongue's going to do..."

***

Goodfella's was alive. 

The need to ply Madison with black coffee after their brief session on the sofa had resulted in the two women arriving later than they'd anticipated, but their concern over being allowed in had proven unfounded. Leon's password had not only seen them gain entry, but they'd been escorted to the dark alcove inhabited by the actor's group of friends and acquaintances.

It seemed the entire party consisted of sexy, beautiful young women, all determined to use their wiles to ingratiate themselves with the two black TV stars. Like any typical Saturday night at the club, drinks were flowing and it hadn't taken some of the female 'guests' to rather too obviously release their passions and inhibitions in front of the two men.

"Play it cool," Peaches had giggled at her friend when they'd joined the group.

It hadn't been that easy for Madison. The drinks they'd consumed had already negated the effect of the black coffee and the raw, pounding music was infusing the whole group with an intense sexual energy. Each girl seemed to be competing with one another other for Leon and Frankie's attention and the two men's leering eyes were taking in every provocative sexual movement. Not only were they flaunting themselves, but their states of undress seemed to be competitive. 

Eventually, the lack of attention the two women paid their hosts began to draw the two men to them. They began to ignore the other young women in their group and gravitate towards the two friends. As the smirking actor's made their way towards them, Peaches grabbed Madison's hand. "C'mon babe, time to dance."

The brunette frowned. "But..."

"No buts," Peaches told her, dragging the brunette onto the dance floor. "They'll follow. Just look at us. We're the hottest women here. 

It was true. Peaches' insistence that they dress similar again had paid dividends. The blonde was wearing a taupe bra with a plunging, open grey top and a short pink skirt. While Madison had been drinking black coffee, she'd chosen a dusky pink bra for her friend. It looked sensational, on show between the gaping front of her turquoise blouse and an equally short burgundy skirt.

"And remember," she told Madison as their hips quickly found the beat. "That cute Leon is mine."

It didn't take long for her prediction to be proven correct.

"Hey," Frankie grinned, moving in behind them. "It's the two hotties from the other night. Come back to see what you were missing, ladies?"

"Look at her," Peaches shouted, whirling closer to him. She nodded at Madison. "And tell me who's missing who..."

Catching Frankie's eye, the brunette swirled and twisted her curvy body, grinding her hips to the music. When she provocatively flicked up her short burgundy skirt, flashing her black thong, even Peaches was surprised. Even with the drink, she wasn't usually this uninhibited. 

The blonde protectively took a step between Frankie and her friend. The way the actor was almost drooling as he stared at Madison fabulous body was almost obscene. But then a hand was dragging her away and she turned into Leon's arms.

"Never mind them," the grinning man told her. "You and I are going to have some fun tonight."

Peaches glanced back at Madison as Leon pulled her close. Her friend was a big girl now and, despite the drink, could take care of herself. She locked her fingers around the black man's neck at the same time his hands found her buttocks "Fun?" she laughed into his ear as she ground herself against him. "Sounds interesting. And what exactly does that mean?"

He cockily raised an eyebrow. "Some more fun here," he told her. "Then we can head back to mine."

"We can head back to yours?" Peaches laughed, loving the feeling of their bodies merging together. "And what can we do back at yours that we can't do here?"

Leon's grip on her ass tightened. They weren't even pretending to dance now. Instead, their bodies lewdly ground into one another. "There'll be a party," he murmured. "You like parties, don't you?"

"Maybe," she teased, running her fingers through the back of his hair.

"More drink," he explained with a grin. "Maybe some weed. Then I can show you the bedroom."

"Bedroom? Oh, yeah?" she laughed. "Are you going to show me your etchings?"

"I'll show you anything you want, babe..."

"Maddy will have to come too," she teased. "We do everything together."

Leon flashed his white teeth at her. "That's okay. Frankie will be pissed, but it's been a while since I've had a threesome."

"Threesome?" Peaches purred, dropping one of her hands onto his chest and then sliding it down between their bodies. The way she traced the outline of his erection made him gasp. "On second thoughts, I think I want this black beauty all to myself..."

***

It had become a competition between Madison and Frankie. Neither of them spoke but their eyes remained on one another as their grinding hips and extravagant moves showed each other what was on offer. The deep throbbing of the hip-hop bass swelled around them as they competed with one another, and with the dancers around them. The stage-lights jumped in time with the beat, catching in the rotating disco ball above the dance floor. 

It eventually became like a mating ritual. Every time Frankie tried to close in again to rub himself against the tall brunette, Madison allowed his hands to wander for a few seconds before spinning away. She was lost in the sensation, oblivious to anyone else other than the two of them. Their 'game' was turning them both on...

She glanced around for Peaches but her friend had long since left the dance floor. She and Frankie must have been dancing for well over half an hour. The sweat was pouring from his brow and he pulled off the already loose tie. He arrogantly threw it away across the floor, as if he was discarding a sweet wrapper.

Then he was behind her, his large black hands unashamedly wrapping themselves around her thrusting breasts as they danced. She covered them with her own as if to move them but held them there. She could feel him thick and hard as he pumped against her, as though fucking her through his jeans. Her earlier words to Peaches came back unbidden. 

"Maybe that's what I need... some black cock."

"I need a drink," he eventually told her, taking her hand.

"Drink?" she laughed, provocatively glancing down at his groin. It surprised her how forward she felt. That kind of talk came naturally to Peaches. She was usually much more reserved. "Is that what you need?"

Frankie grinned back at her. "We both know what I need," he grunted, pulling her with him from the floor. His sweating face wore that arrogant expression again. "Seems to me like you need it too, honey..."

It took only a few seconds to reach the rest of his party. Some of the girls immediately flocked around him but he held Madison's hand tightly as he pushed his way through to a table at the rear. The ropes around it made it out of bounds to all but the two actors.

"What I want to know," he leered, picking up one of the glasses on the table. It looked like rum. "Are those tits real?"

Madison normally hated coarseness with men, but tonight it felt exciting to be spoken to in that way. Besides, the words matched his cocky attitude. She took the glass from him before he could raise it to his lips and took a sip. Heck—that was strong... 
