 CHAPTER FOUR – OPPORTUNITY KNOCKS

Celebration

"This is incredible!" Madison exclaimed as the smartly attired maître d' led the two young women across the polished oak floor of the rooftop restaurant. 

The view of Newtown, with its mish-mash of high buildings, television masts and industrial estates wasn't anything to write home about. But the restaurant had all tables cleverly angled towards the view of the large scenic park surrounded by the flowing river. From their vantage point, it was breathtaking. 

"I never thought I'd ever eat here," Peaches giggled, flashing a smile at one of the cute waiters.

"Me neither. Jay-Jay says Toppers is a favourite of his."

"And he's paying for the meal?"

"Yeah!" Madison emphasised. "And we have champagne." She nodded at the bottle in the cooler beside their table. "He says it will help us loosen up for the afternoon."

"I'm loosened already," Peaches laughed, sitting back as the waiter opened the bubbly and filled their glasses. "Salute," she said, raising hers in a toast.

"Yeah," Madison grinned. "Whatever that means..."

"It means your life has changed for the better," the blonde told her, running a hand through her short blonde hair. "So..."

"So...?" the brunette replied, sneezing as the bubbly hit her nose.

"Tell me again. How much did he say you could earn?"

Madison felt a shiver run up her spine. "Half a million in one year," she breathlessly said.

"I still don't get it."

"Me neither," Madison said happily. "But as long as he delivers, who cares? My hero!"

"Your hero?" Peaches laughed, gulping at her drink. "I should think so. Have you fucked him yet?"

Madison's eyes widened as she glanced around at the nearby tables. "Ssssh," she whispered, rolling her eyes and putting a finger to her lips. She leant forward. "Of course I haven't... not yet, anyway."

The girls dissolved into giggles.

"Well hurry up," Peaches told her. "Or I might get in first. But honestly, Maddy, how on earth can you make that sort of money? It's not possible."

"That's what I said..." the brunette began, pausing as the waiter approached. They picked up the menus and ordered as simply as they could—some pasta for Madison and poached salmon for Peaches. Once he'd departed, they huddled across the table again.

"Go on," Peaches encouraged.

"He said I'd get half of that by selling my story to the highest bidder," she explained. "It'll be an exclusive. That's why I'm doing the photo session this afternoon..."

Peaches' eyes widened. "I can't believe you're photo is going to be in the paper. And those magazines..."

Madison felt her blush rise, this time accompanied by goose bumps. She didn't know exactly what was entailed, but had a good idea. When she'd told Jay-Jay she had limits, he'd just laughed and asked if she wanted to be rich. Then he'd told her she would have the final say in what would be published. She only hoped she had the nerve to go through with it. 

"Neither can I," she said a little uneasily. "Do you think I really should go topless—"

"For the money they're offering, I think you should do whatever they ask," Peaches cut in. "How much did you say?"

"The lad's mags will pay up to thirty thousand for each publication," Madison breathlessly answered. Her brown eyes were wide in astonishment. For photographs of her!

"I'd show my tits for much less than that," Peaches said, giving another hearty laugh. She wiggled her eyebrows. "Though they don't compare to yours. Think he could get you a Playboy deal?"

The girls giggled again. When the wine waiter refilled their glasses, Peaches sent a knowing look across the table. "Think I should ask his opinion," she wickedly murmured as he walked away. "Maybe we should get them out and let him compare?"

"I wouldn't put it past you," Madison smiled. "Anyway, you'll be giving them an airing this afternoon..."

"Sure will," the blonde laughed. "Your Mr. Kazan sure has some great ideas."

"You're okay with it?"

Peaches nodded emphatically. She picked up her champagne, swirling the bubbly in its glass and giggling like a schoolgirl. Was she okay with it? She was brimming with adrenalin at the thought. "Are you kidding? After what those two boys have done? Selling their stories... and bringing me into it! This is revenge, baby!"

Madison nodded thoughtfully. Nate and Ethan had sold her and Peaches out. They had what was coming. She wasn't normally vindictive—that wasn't her style. It surprised her how hardened she'd become since her meeting with her father. Besides, Jay-Jay had insisted it was primarily a commercial decision. If their ex-boyfriend's weren't discredited, their stories would be published and that would reduce his earnings potential, as he'd put it. 

The quality of the meal was the best she'd ever had. She wasn't sure that the second bottle of champagne was wise, but what the hell. Jay-Jay had told them to enjoy themselves. And they had a lot to celebrate. Just when her life had reached her lowest ebb, her knight in shining armour had rescued her. She had such a lot to thank Jay-Jay Kazan for.

"I think I'm half drunk," she whispered to Peaches, holding onto her friend's arm as they eventually made their unsteady way from their table. Her head was happily buzzing with the effect of the champagne. It was just as well they both had taxis ordered. "C'mon, I want to thank you for being my best friend."

"Thank me...?"

Madison had her pinned against the wall before the door closed behind them. Their mouths crushed together and within seconds they were making out.

"I owe you this," Madison grunted, sliding her hand under Peaches' dress. "Want it?"

"Oh, yes," the blonde gasped, her hands gripping around her friend's neck as if she were holding on for dear life. Her legs widened to accommodate the probing fingers. Madison had been like a bitch on heat since Kazan had laid his plans out. And she'd been the beneficiary. They couldn't get enough of one another. How times had changed! She didn't know or care where her shy friend had gone—she much preferred the new, liberated version.

When she felt the hand slide down inside her thong and cup her baby smooth mound, her senses went into overload. "Uh... Goddd, Maddy ..." 

"Cum for me," the brunette grunted, licking from the base to the top of Peaches' neck over and over again. 

Peaches whimpered like a lost puppy as Madison stiffened two fingers and worked them into her pussy. Her body bent backwards against the wall and she began to shudder. This was all so unexpected, so quick... and so fucking hot. When the fingers curled and found her g-spot, she shrieked loud enough for the whole restaurant to hear...

***

"You drive a hard bargain," Jay-Jay Kazan told Sammy Ferris and his editor. He poured them both another drink from the decanter in his office and sat on the edge of his desk. Whisky was the staple diet for newspaper men.

They glanced at one another as they accepted the drink. "Does that mean we have a deal?" Buster Martin asked.

"I was hoping for more," Jay-Jay lied, holding his arms out wide. The offer was already more than he'd expected. "You couldn't push it up a little higher?"

"You're pinning us to the floor as it is," Ferris complained, nudging his editor's knee with his own. 

The movement was almost imperceptible but Kazan's keen eyes missed nothing. That meant he could get another ten. "Sammy did a fantastic job of ferreting out the story, I have to give you that," he smiled, swilling back a mouthful. A bit of verbal stroking never did any harm. "But I'm offering you the exclusive."

"Maybe," Buster Martin said, ignoring Ferris's preening. There was time enough for that sort of thing after the negotiations. He wanted a deal, but at the cheapest price possible. "But we already have the boyfriend's stories lined up. That reduces the girl's value, we both know that. We can stretch out what they've told us for a few weeks yet."

"That would be true," Kazan acknowledged, "were it not for one thing."

The two newspaper men exchanged a quick glance again. "Which is?"

"One—Madison and her best friend hardly know them. Two—most of their story is made up. Three—did you know they were gay? Four..." He picked up a piece of paper from his desk and held it out between two fingers. "Four—get a photographer to this address at the time I have written on it and you'll have proof..." 

"They're gay?" Both men sat up. The boyfriend's hadn't mentioned that fact.

"They didn't tell you? Sounds like they're two young men looking to milk you for all they can," Kazan said, with a sympathetic shrug. "You don't need them. I guarantee that Madison will give you the inside story on those relationships..."

"This is kosher?" Martin snapped.

Kazan nodded and twirled the piece of paper between thumb and forefinger. "Don't just take my word for it, fellas. I'm giving you the evidence on a plate."

Buster Martin ran a hand across his chin. This presented things in a different light. He held his hand out for the piece of paper. "If we get the photos," he said, "I'll go up to three hundred. That's my top offer."

Jay-Jay Kazan threw his arms wide again. "Now who's pinning who to the floor? You drive a hard bargain, Buster," he conceded, with a forlorn look. Inside, he was grinning. It didn't take long to calculate twenty five percent of three hundred grand. "But you've got yourself a deal."

***

Contrasting afternoons

The set was incredibly basic. Not that Madison had a specific expectation. But it wasn't this.

"You look disappointed," Camille told her, using both hands to smooth her long, glossy brown hair back over her head as she stretched. "It's not the setting that counts, it's the photographs.

When the beauty held the pose for a few moments longer than necessary, Madison found herself staring at the tanned breasts that her tight top was offering.

"Sexy?" Camille asked.

Madison found herself blushing. "I'm sorry, I—"

The photographer grinned as she dropped her hands onto her hips. "That's my point. A simple stretch, done the right way, can look so sexy. I didn't need any props for you to look at my boobies, did I? Neither will you, darling. Believe me, I know what it takes."

Madison thoughtfully nodded. Jay-Jay had told her that Camille was the best. 

"In here, we have no inhibitions," the beautiful Latina continued, folding her tanned arms beneath her pendulous breasts. They spilt a little more over the tight top. "Everything we do in the studio must create the right atmosphere for you to perform in front of the camera. I want you looking and feeling sexy..."

Madison smiled happily. If the photographer knew how much champagne she'd had, and what she and Peaches had got up to, she wouldn't need to worry. Her libido was telling her she should have allowed her friend to return the compliment. 

Still... the good news was that her state of arousal should bode well for the session ahead. 

***

Peaches wandered around the hotel suite, familiarising herself with the layout. The camcorder that Jay-Jay Kazan had supplied was already hidden in the bedroom. It simply required a flick of the switch for recording to commence. It shouldn't be necessary, but the PR Guru wanted a backup in case the arrangement with the press went awry. 

The blonde smiled to herself. Madison's boss thought of everything.

It astonished her that people actually stayed in places like this. It was simply overwhelming. She'd already filled her bag with some wonderful toiletries from the amazing bathroom. Well, they were souvenirs, weren't they! She'd share them with Madison later. 

After the deed was done! 

She giggled to herself. The young blonde felt like a spy, put in place to seduce the villains who were threatening to damage the country. Or in this case... her best friend.

The outer suite room was incredible. The furniture was much plusher than in her parents' house and she'd already decided she wanted a similar sized flat screen television when she eventually found her own place. But it was the bedroom that particularly appealed to her. If it weren't for the specific instructions, she'd probably have allowed Ethan and Nate to fuck her on that four-poster. She'd never seen a bed quite like that before.

Maybe they could persuade Jay-Jay Kazan to let her and Madison use the suite sometime? If champagne loosened her best friend's inhibitions the way it had in the Topper's restrooms, they'd need a couple of bottles of that, too. In all their time together, she'd never known Madison take the initiative like that.

It augured well for the future...

She decided not to touch the complimentary bottle of wine waiting on the table. She and Madison had actually each consumed a bottle of champagne at lunchtime! She giggled again. A whole bottle each! It had left her on a high, and unable to shake off a fit of the hiccups.

This afternoon was going to be so much fun...

***

"Very hot," Camille said, allowing the camera to drop to her waist as she smiled. She adjusted the leather strap around her neck so that it settled properly. "You're feeling it, darling?"

Madison nodded mischievously. For the last hour, she'd given the woman and her camera every sexy look and pose she could come up with. She'd even surprised herself with how easily she'd fitted into the model role. Sex was pouring out of her body and into the lens.

"But I want more," the Latina photographer told her. "Flirt with me,"

Madison's eyes instantly went to the woman's body. Her full breasts were stunning in the black, sleeveless tee and the gap that displayed the dangling belly button piercing on the deep brown skin around Camille's midriff was so sexy. With a soft sigh of arousal, she pulled her long silky hair onto the top of her head and pouted. "Like this?" 

Camille burst out laughing and picked up the camera again. "That's sexy, darling..."

Madison grinned. She felt sexy. A couple of photographs would appear in tomorrow's The Daily News if Jay-Jay's negotiations this afternoon went well. The sexier shots were to be aimed at the lads' mags. Two had already lined up deals for centrefold spreads. 

For her! Little old Madison Cooper! The world had gone mad...

One hand adjusted the strap of the cream bikini top. It accentuated her thrusting breasts while the skimpy string bottoms left very little to the imagination. 

"Let's take advantage, darling," Camille murmured, positioning Madison against the painted wall. The white background was perfect. "Narrow those beautiful brown eyes—that's it. Put one of your fingers in your mouth. Like that... yes. Suck on it and imagine there are a dozen men looking at you right now and jerking their cocks..."

Madison felt the image overpower her...

"Women will desire you, too," Camille went on. "You like women? Sexually?"

The model's pulse quickened. She thought of Peaches and found herself nodding.

"Ah, I see some extra sparkle in your eyes," the Latina said, with a knowing smile. She'd have some fun with this one after the shoot, she thought. She began to move from one side to another. With each shot she stood tall, and then dipped, swayed left and then right. Each time she changed the angle she fired off one shot after another. "That's much better, Maddy. Much, much better. Can you feel it?"

The teenager nodded. She most definitely could. Her nipples were practically tearing through the thin material of the bikini top.

"Sit on your knees now, darling, and look straight into the lens." She took hold of Madison and gently pulled her into position. Leaning forward, resting her forearms on her thighs, her tanned swells pressed together. "Yes, that's it, smoulder at the camera..."

Madison began to pose as if she'd been doing this all her life. All of a sudden she was alive. She was going to be a star. Despite her insistence to Jay-Jay, when Camille told her to remove her top she did so immediately. Eagerly. She had beautiful breasts so why not show them? The camera captured every movement.

"Wonderful, wonderful. You have a female lover, yes?"

Madison felt a blush but it was fainter this time. She was Madison Cooper, the supermodel. And supermodels didn't feel shame. "Yes," she proudly answered.

"I am her," Camille told her. "Show me your breasts. Offer them to me..."

The young girl felt the adrenalin run through her as she followed the instructions. Her hands cupped her tits, holding them out to her lover. She could feel her hard nipples and without being told she was pulling on them.

"Yes... like that..."

Madison bent her head and took a nipple in her mouth. She so loved doing that, and demonstrating her technique to Camille felt like the sexiest thing ever. Her lustful eyes clouded with each sexual thought that flitted through her mind. Camille barked out instructions so fast that she didn't have time to think. Sexual images passed through her mind. 

Peaches was naked. And so was Camille... 

Suddenly the clicking had stopped. The woman was changing cameras but before she slipped the new one around her neck, she wriggled her nose in that thoughtful way of hers. Then, in a split-second, the photographer had crossed her arms and yanked her black, sleeveless tee over her head.

"These are my tits," she unnecessarily said. Her voice was throaty as she cupped them and squeezed the hard brown nipples. They sat wonderfully high on her small areola. "I am your girlfriend and these are her tits," she continued, picking up the camera. "Stare at them, darling. Want them..."

Madison couldn't help but admire the magnificent swells. The surge of desire running through her body reflected itself in her face.

"Yes, fantastic," Camille murmured, her breasts swaying as she moved this way and that. She fired out encouragement and instructions until, at last, she had what she wanted. "Time to relax for ten minutes."

She removed the camera from around her neck and turned towards the small round table beside the painted wall. "Tell me," she said over her shoulder. "Have you ever done drugs?"

Madison felt a blush hitting her cheeks even before she got the words out. "Ecstasy, that's all," she whispered, trying to control the embarrassment. "But just the once."

The beautiful Latina's eyes widened, as if she was surprised by the answer. "Never cocaine? Really, Maddy!" She picked up her bag and began to busy herself. "It makes you feel crisp and alive. Like a supermodel. That's what we want you to be today—a sexy supermodel."

"A sexy supermodel..." Madison repeated. Was such a thing possible? 

"We all have dreams," Camille explained from across the small room. "Kelli Palmer did. So did Alicia Stiles. Kirsten Tobin, too. Look at them now. Supermodels. I'm not saying you're in their category, Maddy. But you have something about you. A sexy sort of innocence. They used that quality to earn them a fortune. What about you? Are you really up for it?"

Madison nodded breathlessly. Camille made it all sound so easy. Only a short time ago she was in despair and now she was here, at the centre of a photo shoot, and possibly a lot more. While she had no idea where this journey was going to take her, she was determined give it everything she could until it eventually came to an end.

"So pretty, isn't it?" the photographer asked, breaking into her thoughts. The Latina was glancing down at the two lines of coke she'd carved on the small tray. Without another word, she dipped her head over the table and expertly sniffed a line. Then she held out the straw to Madison. "Time to indulge, don't you think..."

***

"Can you believe this?" Nate asked Ethan. The two of them stared wide-eyed around the impressive room before turning to Peaches. "This is where you and Maddy are staying?"

"Mmm-hmm," the blonde happily lied. "Your ex is a celebrity now. Isn't it incredible? If you think this room is impressive, come in here."
