 CHAPTER FIVE — SUCCESS 

Television

Madison knew what to expect. She'd done so many TV talk shows over the last twelve months they no longer daunted her. This would be a typical production, with the studio audience of fifteen to eighteen year-olds all standing in little groups around the set. When the interview got underway, they'd be close enough to touch her.

At one time that had made her nervous, claustrophobic. But after three previous appearances on The Early Breakfast she knew what to expect and enjoyed the youthful enthusiasm generated by the teenage audience. They loved her, after all. In their eyes she could do little wrong.

As soon as she and Peaches stepped out of the limo sent by the TV Company to collect them, the young blonde production assistant greeted them. With her clip board in one hand and the pair of large headphones resting around her neck, she looked every inch the professional.

"Hey girls," she cheerily said as she ushered the two women along the corridor towards the make-up room. "How's it going?"

"Wonderful, Janine," Madison replied, breaking into a smile. "Is everything under control here?"

"Oh, you know," the blonde responded, raising her eyebrows. "Running around in circles trying to make sure we catch up on the time we lost earlier. That's the problem with having a boy band as our first guests. They never know how to behave..."

"Anyone we know?" Peaches asked, pushing through the door to the familiar make-up room.

"Nah." Janine screwed up her face. "They're just out of school and think they've already made it into the big time. I'll leave you with Goldie for now. Got to get back..."

"My favourite customers," the red haired girl smiled, pulling a seat out for Madison as the production assistant departed. "It's nice to see someone normal. All I've had lately are prima donnas."

"We can do that," Peaches laughed, perching herself on the long counter beside her friend's seat. "Where's the champagne and caviar?"

Goldie grinned. "I finished it before you got here. You're on set in half an hour, so I thought I'd remove temptation. I have water though..."

"Perfect," Madison smiled as she accepted the small bottle from the girl's outstretched hand. Plenty of fluids beforehand—she'd learned that trick at her first interview. Because of the early start, she hadn't applied any make up. Besides, who needed to when this girl was such a perfectionist? "Okay, make me beautiful..."

The three laughed and then chatted for a while as Goldie performed her magic. It didn't take the redhead long to complete her task. Peaches nodded approvingly.

"Fancy doing me when Maddy's being interviewed?" she asked with a grin. The way Goldie had subtly accentuated her best friend's high cheekbones was a work of art. "Failing that we want to hire you to come to the house and do us every morning."

"I've told you before," the redhead said, glancing out of the corner of her eye as she began to brush out Madison's long black hair. "I'll do you anytime, Peaches..."

Madison rolled her eyes. Peaches and Goldie always flirted during their visits to the TV studio. Quite why it had never gone beyond that surprised her. After all, neither she nor her friend had exactly become angels over the last twelve months. Booze, drugs and sex were all part of their newfound lifestyle. 

"What about me?" she teasingly asked, twisting in her seat to appraise the two young women. Other men were out of bounds since she'd met Ralph, but women were fair game...

"Yeah, Goldie! What about Maddy?" Peaches grinned, arching her eyebrows. Sitting forward, she made a show of deliberately uncrossing and then crossing her shapely legs. The short skirt rode further up her thighs. As she'd expected, both women couldn't resist checking her out. 

"The whole world wants to do you, Maddy," the cute make-up girl replied, after a slight hesitation. It was as if she was unsure as to how far she could go. She was actually blushing. "And I'm no different..." 

"She's unbelievable in bed," Peaches softly giggled, taking advantage of the moment. "But so am I. And its ages since we've had a threesome..."

Although the jocular atmosphere mood, there was no denying that a sexual edge had crept into the atmosphere. Before any of them had time to progress it, the sharp knock broke the brief silence. 

Janine poked her head around the door. "Time to perform, Maddy. You up for it?"

"Not as much as these two," the brunette quipped, gracefully easing herself to her feet. She made her way to the door and then glanced back over her shoulder. "Be good..."

***

Perched on the high stool beside the breakfast bar, Madison was in her element. The young audience around her had cheered and applauded enthusiastically as she'd been introduced and walked onto the set. All they'd done so far was to get the formalities out of the way and yet they were already in a positive mood.

"It's been an unreal year," she agreed, in answer to Pete Thomson's first question. 

The long-haired young interviewer had become well known on both television and radio, scoring highly with his zany, irreverent sense of humour. He was incredibly popular with the younger generation. The short spell he'd spent in prison for drug related offences had also, curiously, helped him establish a cult following. Pete Thomson didn't much care for 'the establishment'. It was another reason why the kids loved him.

"It's been a dream come true," she continued, smiling contentedly at the young audience around her. "Sometimes I need to pinch myself."

"Madison Cooper needs to pinch herself," Thomson quipped, looking around the small studio. "Hands up who'd like to help..."

Another cheer went up.

"See me later," Madison grinned at the youngsters. "But seriously, Pete, it was only twelve months ago today that I spent a night in a prison cell..."

"I know all about that sort of thing," Thomson said, nodding at the audience. His criminal background was well known. More cheers.

Madison laughed at the interviewer. "And here I am, twelve months later, appearing on your wonderful programme again. Like I said, it's unreal."

"Okay," Thomson said, tapping his knee with his cue cards. "Let's review the year. First, there's been the glamour modelling. You're now the UK's best known model. More so than Kelly Brook, Gemma Atkinson, Keeley Hazel, Louise Glover, Lucy Pinder—as much as we love all of those babes."

"They're all wonderful..." Madison began, but Thomson was warming to his theme.

"No false modesty, please." He turned to the young audience and held out his hands, as if asking for agreement. It brought another round of cheers. "There," he told her, nodding in confirmation. "It's official. You've recently launched a new lingerie range..."

"I'm very proud of that."

"And so you should be," Thomson acknowledged. He turned to the audience again. "Hands up anyone who's wearing something from the Madison range..."

The brunette giggled as a good portion of the audience raised an arm.

"See," he said, turning to allow the camera to capture his cheeky grin. "Half of the girls here are wearing something of yours and if I'm not mistaken, one or two of the guys are, too." Cheers ran around the studio. He turned back to the camera and wiggled his eyebrows. "Including me..."

More laughter rang out. It was just the sort of adolescent humour for which Thomson was famed. It went down a storm with the young teenagers.

"Now then, Madison," he continued, leaning an elbow on the breakfast bar and pretending to whisper. "Can I ask you a personal question?"

She nodded. You never knew quite what was coming from the interviewer, but he'd never embarrassed her yet. "Anything, Pete..."

"You have a boyfriend."

"Ralph. Yes."

"A Premier League footballer."

Madison smiled bashfully. "Yes."

Thomson grinned at the audience before wiggling his brows at the camera again. "And yet... you're just about every hot blooded male's wet dream. How does that make you feel?"

She smiled and took a sip from the glass of orange juice on the bar beside them. It was true. God, she'd come such a long way. Frankie Dennis had called her a slag in that police station a year ago. Her father had told her she was a slut.

Well, who was having the last laugh? She'd made a career out of her sexuality. 

Back then, she couldn't believe she was actually dancing in a hot club like Goodfella's with celebrities around her. Now, she was a celebrity in her own right. She'd turned from being a naïve, innocent into a confident young woman who was at ease on TV, radio, or when making one of her many personal appearances. How times had changed...

"It makes me feel..." she began.

***

"Very good," Peaches whispered, her narrowed eyes flicking towards the small television screen in the corner of the make-up room. Madison was giving her usual unassuming yet flirty performance in front of the camera. But it wasn't her best friend's abilities her words were aimed at. It was the woman on her knees in front of her.

She reached down to touch the young woman's face, stroking her soft skin. A second hand ran through her red hair. Madison hadn't been out of the room for more than a minute when Goldie had locked the door and turned back to the blonde. She'd yanked her small red tank top over her head and then released her bra. Her tits were small but eminently suckable. 

Peaches had obliged.

The make-up artist pushed the blonde into the chair Madison had so recently vacated. When she'd dragged Peaches' black g-string down her legs, not a single word had been spoken between them. Until now...

Peaches purred, pulling the redhead's sassy, short hair away from her forehead so that she could better see the tongue was working on her. The sexy girl was proving her expertise extended beyond the art of make-up.

"FFFFF—fuck...!" the blonde mumbled, trying but not quite managing to keep her cries within the privacy of the room. She lifted her hips from the chair as Goldie's tongue did some delicious things to her clit. They'd quickly passed the teasing, foreplay stage. This was hardcore.

She gripped the red hair more tightly as she began to rotate her hips.

Fuck, that was good...

"Goldie..." she mumbled, beginning to warn the girl that she was close. "Goldie..." 

The girl added a couple of fingers to the mix. They curled inside her.

Peaches' body jerked. "Goldie... Goldie..." She couldn't get passed the word.

The redhead's fingers found her g-spot. Her tongue swirled around her clit. Peaches had no chance. Flexing her long legs, she jammed Goldie's sweet mouth tightly against her as the orgasm burst. She grinded one last time into the pleasuring face before screeching out her climax, no longer caring if they were overheard or not...

***

"Calendars," Pete Thomson was saying. "Who has a Madison calendar?"

Arms shot up into the air again. Cheers accompanied the motions, some louder than others just in case one of the several cameras caught their expressions. The Early Breakfast programme was big on capturing their audience's reaction.

"Everyone here," the interviewer exaggerated, turning back to Madison and glancing down at his cue cards. "Now," he softly said, lowering his voice as if sharing a secret between the two of them. "I have it on good authority that your calendar sales have exceeded a million?"

Madison gave him and the audience her most unassuming smile. "Well, so I'm told..."

Thomson turned to the camera again, slowly nodding his head. He half covered his mouth with the cue cards, as if he was confidentially whispering to the person next to him, rather than speaking to the millions of viewers. "Hear that, folks? Over a million calendars sold."

"I'm very pleased—" Madison began.

The grinning interviewer interrupted her. "I should say that's an understatement. I don't have this calendar, of course. But I'm told that March is special."

Madison laughed.

"And so is June, August, October and December..."

The young audience joined in with the laughter. Thomson sent a deadpan stare at the camera before covering his mouth with the cue cards again. "Mind you," he spoke into the lens, "my personal favourite is July."

"Your personal favourite?" Madison repeated, grinning over her shoulder at the laughing teenagers behind her.

"Yep!"

"But you don't have the calendar..."

"Nope," Thomson slowly drawled, pursing his lips in mock seriousness. "But my girlfriend has. She thinks you're as hot as I do..."

The audience cheered. Madison's grin widened. "I've met Joanne. I think she's pretty hot, too..."

Thomson wiggled his eyebrows at the camera again and the young audience shouted their approval. "How many women here think that Madison is hot?"

The thunderous cheers filled the small room. Thompson nodded slowly again as he looked back at his guest. "I rest my case."

"The best thing," Madison said, waiting for a moment for the noise to die down. "Is that ten per cent from every calendar sale goes to one of my charities. That's one of the things that makes all this so worthwhile..."

She smiled humbly as Thomson held his hands high over his head and led the applause. Jay-Jay had told her to make sure she got that point in. Not that she'd needed to be told. She was becoming an expert at this sort of thing.

***

Lunch

Ralph watched Madison cut the lines of coke as he lounged on the bed. She flaunted her naked body, still covered in a light sheen of sweat from the power-fuck she'd just given him. Straightening up, she held the platter of white powder at shoulder height, like a waitress, and sashayed across the room. They were supposed to be having lunch together, but they'd spent the last hour fucking.

She'd met the footballer at one of her personal appearances six months ago. Whereas his teammates had been over the top and very touchy feely, Ralph had been more reserved. He'd treated her like a woman rather than a sex object. They'd seen one another later that week, and again the next night. That had been the first time they'd made love. 

They didn't make love any longer—they fucked. Like animals. It was so hot!

Sitting beside him on the bed, Madison took her hit from the tray with an exaggerated flare of her nostrils. When she held out the straw, Ralph dutifully accepted it. She ran her hand through his thick locks as he snorted his line. The drug enhanced their already overflowing libidos. The first time she'd used coke with him, he'd objected. He was a footballer, he'd told her. Footballers didn't take drugs. 

It hadn't taken her long to win him round. Sex was so much better when they were high. 

"Well, babe," she murmured, the thrill of the cocaine bursting through her senses. She slipped an arm around his shoulder and slowly licked along his neck. He loved that. "My boyfriend is going to be an England international?"

"Being called up to the squad doesn't guarantee anything," he said, though the smile on his face confirmed his delight. He'd told her often enough of his dreams. With the goals he'd been scoring lately, he was certain to play in the match at some stage. They always looked to try out new faces in a friendly game.

"We both know that isn't true," she whispered, taking his earlobe between her teeth and pulling down on it. Her excitement was contagious. It had only been a few minutes since they'd fucked and he was growing hard again. "My baby's going to be a star. More champagne?"

Plucking the bottle from the nightstand beside them, he pushed her flat onto her back. "Yeah. I want to celebrate..."

Madison let out a squeal of delight as she adjusted the back of her long black hair so that it fanned out on the pillow underneath her head. Ralph was pouring some bubbly onto her neck and it felt deliciously cold. Her body shivered as he dipped his head and lapped at the fizzy liquid as it slid down her smooth skin.

"Yeah, baby..."

He poured more of the drink on her, this time across her breasts. Even as Madison squealed again, his mouth and tongue were following the sticky trail. 

She groaned in delight again, her hands gripping his trademark long locks as he pleasured one wet nipple then the other. She curled her legs around his thigh so that she could rub her slippery pussy against him. Ralph was content to allow her to pleasure herself, pressing against her as he suckled on her breasts. But just as she rubbed herself towards a climax, he swung his body away. 

She moaned in frustration. Not for long. 

Picking up the bottle again, the footballer covered her smooth mound in champagne. Slipping both hands under her ass, he lifted the brunette to his lips.

"Ohfuck... ohfuck..." She came with the first sweep of his tongue, gripping his hair as she pushed her pussy upwards into the lapping mouth.

He didn't let up, slurping at the combination of champagne and juices from her smooth shaven folds. A jerking orgasm ran through her as he sucked in her drenched clit, rolling the little bud around the inside of his mouth before chewing on it. She came again before twisting away.

Reaching out for his cock, she spread her legs. "That was so good, babe," she told him, stroking his hardness across her sweet, wet folds. "But I need this thing inside me. Then Maddy's gonna take you to heaven." 

He slid home easily, just like he cut through opposing defences. She thought of all the men in the world who'd like to do this with her—of all the men and women who slavered over her photographs and her calendar... who wanked themselves silly at the mere sight of her. 

It was such a turn on. Sometimes she'd finger herself at just the thought...

"FUCK!" The expletive tore from her throat as the images in her mind brought on another climax. How many had she had already? The heady cocktail of champagne and drugs sent her flying higher and higher. When she was like this, there was no satisfying her. She shifted angle, so that his cock brushed her clit. Fuck, she loved that! His mouth dipped to suck on her breasts. 

She moaned, curling a foot around his back. His cock edged deeper. "Good boy," she panted. "You like fucking your hot glamour model?"

"Hell, yes," he grunted, playing her little game. It always aroused her further when he played along and he loved the benefits it gave...

Her other leg reached up around his back, digging into the top of his ass with her heels. He sunk in another couple of inches. She gave him the pussy ripple.

"Fuck. Oh fuck..." he grunted.

"But we already are," she teased, giving him the ripple again. She could feel his throbbing cock react inside her. 

"You like that, babe?" she asked, gripping the back of his hair and pulling his head up. His aroused eyes found hers. "D'you like that?"

When she rippled again, his hands slid under her and squeezed her hard ass. She moaned, loving the way he reacted to her words. 

"Come on Ralph," she encouraged. "You can do better than that. Fuck your baby..."

He began to pound her harder. Every part of her body could feel him begin to jackhammer inside her. His cock—his hard, footballers cock—hit parts of her that he hadn't achieved for a while. He was grunting hard. The bed had begun to bounce underneath them. Sweat dripped down his face. He was close... 

"C'mon, babe," she encouraged, raking her fingers down his spine. They dug into his flesh, drawing blood. "C'mon..."

His body began to tremble. She recognised it, knew what it meant. It wouldn't be long now. Not long at all. One hand gripped the back of his head and pulled his face to hers. She kissed him deeply and then stared into his eyes.

"Cum, baby," she grunted. "Cum inside me..." 

It took only one more pussy ripple for him to go off, groaning deeply as he released inside her. "Oh fucccccckkkkkkk....."

