 This is the final chapter of a story about a young woman who finds fifteen minutes of fame, but wants more...



CHAPTER SIX — FIFTEEN MINUTES

Confrontation

Madison was furious as she jerked her silver BMW convertible to a halt. Everything was going so well in her life and now this. What the fuck did Ralph think he was up to? She pressed the bell on the stone pillar and waited for the gates that guarded her boyfriend's country house to judder open. 

Flicking open the paper on the passenger seat beside her, she glared again at the photograph of Ralph and one of those two blonde twins. Both were drunk, that was for sure. You could tell that by their bleary look in their eyes. 

She had lingerie that covered more than the girl's outfit. What a slut! 

From what she could gather, it fitted her and her sister's reputation. Joanne and Julia Driscoll, the two twins from Britain's Got Talent, had spent the last couple of months proving that they didn't have any. Except for their hot little bodies. From what Madison had heard, they thought nothing of sharing those bodies with anyone who could give them a step up the ladder...

That thought made her shudder. Her lapse with Jonathon Roberts didn't exactly make her a saint. And the bastard hadn't kept his promise to feature her on his chat show. How naive had she been, giving in to him as easily as she had? Letting him fuck her, too! That's what made her feel really mad with herself. 

A blow job was one thing, but going all the way had been dumb!

As the gates parted, she eased the car forward and purred along the tree lined drive. The house she and Peaches had bought nine months ago was impressive enough, but nothing compared to Ralph's mansion. There seemed to be no limit to the amount of money that footballers earned nowadays.

Heading around the curve that led to the large courtyard, she glared down at the photograph again. How could he do that to her? She'd been carrying out a personal appearance in Cardiff and when they'd spoken, Ralph had told her that he and a few teammates were heading out for a quiet meal. 

One that had apparently led them to the Fantasy nightclub. The article suggested that the photo had been taken at half past two in the morning.

"Stupid bastard," she said aloud as she parked the BMW beside Ralph's red Porsche. She looked around at the well manicured lawns that ran off the courtyard, attempting to compose herself before she headed for the door. Let's not make a scene. Not until she understood what he'd been up to and whether he and this Driscoll twin had been an item that night.

Still trying to contain her feelings, she grabbed the newspaper and slammed the car door closed behind her. She took the steps up to the front door two at a time and rang the bell, her foot tapping in frustration on the welcoming mat as she waited.

She was passed him before he'd finish opening the door. He was shirtless, wearing only a pair of tracksuit bottoms and the dark marks around his eyes were clear evidence of his late night. Her brown eyes flashed as she stomped along the hall and then angrily swung back. 

"Have you seen this?" she shouted before he could speak, pushing the newspaper in his face. So much for not making a scene.

He took it from her and stared silently at the photo for a few seconds. "Not that one," he casually told her. "But if you go in the lounge, the Daily News has a similar picture and Newtown Today has a different angle. You'd think they'd have something better to do with their time, wouldn't you?"

"You're in all the papers?" 

"Seems like it," he shrugged, tossing the newspaper onto a chair and pushing her in front of him towards the luxury kitchen at the far end of the corridor. "Coffee?"

She felt hysteria creeping in as she shrugged his hand from her arm. How could he treat it so casually? He could at least have shown some consideration for her feelings. It wasn't difficult to appreciate how upset she was. 

"Listen—" 

"Don't!" he snapped, leaning back against the breakfast bar. "Not now, Maddy."

"Don't?" she repeated. Her voice was barely a whisper. It grew stronger. "Don't? Don't fucking what, Ralph?" She was shouting now. How dare he treat her like this?

He waved an airy-fairy arm in the air and dropped two headache tablets into a tumbler of water beside him. "Don't make a big thing out of it," he quietly said. "My head is absolutely thumping."

"Fuck off, Ralph," she rasped, turning on her heels and heading back along the corridor. Okay, her attitude might be unreasonable but if he didn't want to discuss it there was only one conclusion.

"Maddy, hold on. Let's talk about this!" he shouted as he followed her out of the house. His voice was more urgent now. 

"Talk about it?" she snapped, stopping halfway to her car and swinging around. "That's what I came here to do..."

"I know, I know," he responded, swallowing the drink and then throwing the tumbler across the gravelled yard. He covered the distance between them and wrapped his strong arms around her. "I'm sorry. It's just..."

"Just what?" She had tears in her eyes now. "What were you doing at that fucking club, Ralph? Especially at that time?"

"That's what my Manager's asking," he softly said, holding her against his chest and stroking her black hair. "It's a fucking nightmare."

"Tell me!" Her voice was shrill. She didn't care what his fucking Manager was asking. She wanted to know!

"Come inside."

She shook her head and stared up into his bleary eyes. "No, tell me first," she petulantly said. "Then I'll decide if I want to come inside."

His hand went to her cheek and brushed a tear away. "It was Paddy Johnston's birthday," he explained, his voice suddenly soft and comforting. "The lads suggested going to the club when the meal finished. I said no at first but you know what it's like. So I went."

Her tear stained eyes stared up into his. That had a ring of truth to it—he was easily led. "And?"

"And we had too much to drink, as usual. It just happened, Maddy. One thing led to another, you know. Mind you, nothing went on. There were the usual women around us but I swear nothing happened."

Her keen eyes focused on his. There was nothing in there except his pleading for understanding. The flood of relief as she realised he was telling the truth was overwhelming. But what about Joanne Driscoll?

"The woman?" she quietly asked.

His eyes didn't change. "She was there with her sister," he explained, dropping his hands down her back and onto her buttocks. He pulled her closer. "They were right pests. The two of them went with Paddy and Jimmy D'Arcy. We all left the club together of course, and somehow the photo of me next to her appears in the paper. It's fucking typical, Maddy. They cut off the rest of the shot to show that! The last thing I saw was Paddy, Jimmy and the two girls jumping into a taxi together."

Her hands stroked down the front of his bare chest. Was that really all there was to it? "And that's it?"

"Yeah, except the gaffer is carpeting us all. That'll be a right story, that one. Fined a couple of week's wages and dropped from next week's match. And I didn't fucking do anything..."

"Oh, Ralph," she softly said, nuzzling his chest. "Why didn't you tell me?"

"You hardly gave me the chance," he laughed, pulling her into a soft kiss.

Her tongue found his. That was better. It was true, she'd stormed in there looking for a battle and he was the innocent party in all this. The kiss deepened and all of a sudden there seemed one way to make this right again. His hands were under her skirt, stroking her thong-covered ass now, and she could feel him growing against her stomach. He had the same idea...

"Looks like you need some attention," she giggled, all anger dissipated now. Her hand traced the hardened outline of his cock over his tracksuit bottoms. "Come on inside and I'll see what I can do. It'll help your headache, too..."

She took his hand, but instead of allowing her to pull him towards the open house door, he dragged her across to her car. 

"Thought you liked the outdoors?" he laughed. "Turn around."

"Not here," Madison protested, her head twisting around the grounds. Although it was private enough, you were never sure exactly who was snooping around. The last thing she wanted was to give the press any more juicy photographs.

"Come on, Maddy," he persuasively whispered, grinding himself against her again. God, he was nice and hard. And after her morning's angst, she needed to get rid of some of that tension. 

"Ralph, this is so wicked," she murmured, allowing him to turn her towards the car but not before she'd dragged his zip down. Her excitement was overriding her common sense. Fucking in the open air was hot! With a deliberate wiggle of her toned ass, she bent over and rested the palms of her hands on the bonnet.

He took immediate advantage. Sliding a thigh between hers, he roughly nudged her legs apart. "Who's a sexy little animal," he grunted into her ear. He didn't even try to remove her thong, he just pulled the material to one side and then he was sliding inside her. Her wet labial lips smoothly accepted him—she felt hot, on fire. 

"Bad boy," she whimpered, twisting her head to urgently find his lips with hers.

"I'll show you who's a bad boy," he mumbled as he began to thrust inside her. "Come on, Maddy. Cure my headache" 

His hands went over her tee shirt and yanked her bra from her breasts. Only the thin red material of the top separated his palms from her naked flesh. He cupped her swells through the tee and bit down on her lobe. Each thrust pushed her against the bonnet and her arms ached as she tried to hold herself in position.

"God, I need this," she mumbled, pushing back.

"Me too, baby." He dropped his hands to her hips and widened his stance to give him better purchase. 

Madison whimpered again as she looked around, though she wasn't sure what her eyes were searching for. All she could see were trees, lawns and shrubs. It might be even more exciting if they were being watched but it was quiet apart from their heaving breathing and the sound of birds. There was nothing to feel except for the cold metal under her palms and the hard cock that was pumping into her.

It was so fucking sexy...

When he began to growl she knew he wasn't going to last much longer. She dropped down onto her elbows, raising her ass higher. His fingers tightened on her hips as he took advantage of the changed angle. The car began to creak and rock as he went for broke. Madison tried to go with him, pump back, but the position had ensured all the control was his.

His hand went to her neck, forcing her head downwards. Suddenly it was her breasts pressing into the metal bonnet rather than her elbows. Her hand snaked around her waist and down between her thighs. She dropped her head even lower and as soon as she felt his fingers on her clit, she came.

It was a split second before he did.

They stayed in position until he'd finished jerking and only then did his hand leave the back of her neck. It was aching from the force of his grip. He'd never taken her as violently as that before. Maybe she'd have to get angry more often?

"C'mon, babe," he eventually mumbled, pulling away and turning towards the house. "How about we take a shower together?"

It was the first time since she'd arrived that she'd seen his back. Madison froze. 

He turned to glance back at her when he realised she wasn't following. When he saw the look on her face, he stopped mid stride. "What?"

"Those scratch marks," she said, hardly able to get the words out. "On your back."

His eyes changed and then she knew...

"You bastard," she spat. "She did that. Joanne-fucking-Driscoll."

"Maddy..." he began and stopped. What could he say? Guilt was written all over his face. 

She jumped into the car and slammed the door closed, barely able to see through her tears as she looked through the window. He took a step towards her but her flashing brown eyes stopped him. 

"Stay away from me, you cheating, lying asshole!" she screamed through the glass.

***

Out with the old, In with the new

Jay-Jay shifted up the bed, licking his lips as he watched the blonde snake a hand behind her sister's neck and pull her into a long kiss.

The Driscoll twins had made an unashamed play for him and, well, who could resist those luscious bodies? Two for the price of one! Except that there wasn't a price. The two hotties had made it clear that all they wanted was for him to represent them—and the public reaction to their appearances on Britain's Got Talent was a clear enough indication that there was money to be made... 

That meant Madison would have to take a backseat, but then her popularity had been fading lately anyway. He could see the signs. 

Dumping that footballer boyfriend of hers had been a big mistake. Why hadn't she spoken to him first? So what if he had spent the night with Joanne Driscoll—or had it been her sister? He could have helped her make capital out of it. He could just see the headlines: Madison cheated on by footballer love rat. It would have been just what she needed to kick start her popularity again. Then he could have got the two of them together again and filled even more column inches. 

And then there was the perfume launch. They'd made a huge mistake by timing the introduction as her popularity waned; especially with the higher than average price they were seeking. It was no one's fault, just an unfortunate combination of circumstances that had led to it bombing badly. 

By jettisoning her popular England international boyfriend, she'd cut her own throat and had reinforced the fact she was heading down the road to nowhere. 

Still—under his astute guidance—the brunette had had a much longer run than he'd originally anticipated. It had been just what his business had needed at the time, too, though experience told him that something was always waiting around the corner when business was at a low ebb. But... there was no room for sentiment in this profession and while he was still very fond of her, it was time to move on. 

The two hot young women on the bed beside him where amply demonstrating why they'd make fantastic replacements. The media were already over their every action and the twins' enthusiasm for fucking anything that moved was great copy.

He sighed with arousal as one sister broke the kiss with the other and slid her lips to his. Madison Cooper was immediately forgotten. His nostrils drank in that heady scent. It was the only way he could tell them apart. Joanne's aroma was spicy and Julia's was sweet. But just as he turned into her curves, she pushed him back with that schoolgirl giggle of hers and slid an arm around back around her twin.

The blonde temptresses kept their eyes on him as they kissed each other again—slowly putting on a show. His eyes stroked each body. Both of their full, succulent breasts were impervious to the forces of gravity. Each upturned swell was capped with a long, pink nipple that sat proudly on the top of each curve.

His cock was so very hard...

"It looks like he wants to watch us fuck again," Julia huskily murmured as she pulled away from her sister's lips. Leaning forward, she ran her hand up his hard shaft and giggled. "Or did you have something else in mind, Jay-Jay?"

He licked his lips, his burning eyes sweeping along the sexy contours of both naked bodies again. They both had a belly piercing, one the shape of an angel and the other a devil. Joanne was the devil. The tattoos sitting on the sides of their hips were the opposite. This time it was Julia who was the devil. 

So far they'd acted the parts, too, taking turns as to who was which. His aching hardness suggested it was a routine they'd perfected...

By the time his enthralled gaze returned to their eyes, they were kissing again. Julia's hands were all over her sister's tits. The aching in his loins intensified. He sat up on his knees as she pushed Joanne flat on the bed beside him.

"Want to join us?" she sexily whispered, running her fingers along her twin's cleanly shaved labial lips. They were moist with arousal. When she crawled between Joanne's thighs and lowered her mouth, Jay-Jay couldn't help himself. 

Sliding across the bed, he fed his thick girth between Joanne's opens lips, sliding it all the way into her throat. As she began to suck him, he twisted his body so that his mouth could reach the breast that Julia's outstretched hand wasn't kneading. He'd already discovered that both blondes liked having their tits pleasured.

Hiring the hotel suite for the afternoon had been a good idea. Getting one with mirrors on the walls had been a brainwave. Made for moments like this... 

Moans filled the room as he watched their reflections through eyes hooded with lust. If there was a photographer present, the picture of Julia eating her sister while Joanne sucked his cock would be worth a million.

Joanne began to grunt on his cock as her sister's long tongue speared inside her. The noise sent vibrations down his shaft to his balls. From what he could see, Julia had at least two fingers helping her tongue. He pulled away as the moans intensified; wanting to watch the sexy sight as the prone sister came.

The orgasm wasn't going to take long to arrive. The little chipmunk sounds he'd heard earlier confirmed it was only seconds away. Joanne's hips lifted from the bed. Her head thrashed from side to side. She spread her legs wider and then wrapped them around her sister's neck as she detonated.

Julia grinned happily at Jay-Jay as she lapped at the river of juice. She really was a sexy little thing. Twisting around, she switched her lips from pussy to cock so quickly that Jay-Jay's throbbing shaft was engulfed inside her mouth before he knew what was happening. She kept her gaze on his as she sucked...

"Oh fuck," he grunted. If watching the performance had him throbbing, those sexy lips were taking him to the very edge... 

"Not yet, Jay-Jay," she slurped, pulling away before he could explode. 

Leaning back, she allowed her recovering sister to slither across his lap. Joanne sheathed his cock in an instant. Julie kissed him and then swung her body over his head. She slowly lowered her pussy to his lips. 

"Time for you to do some of the work," she murmured, her voice husky with need.

***

Madison fidgeted in her seat. The Starbucks in the centre of Newtown wasn't the most salubrious location she'd been in over the last eighteen months, but the need for some sort of normality had led them back to one of their old haunts. 

She only hoped that the cocoa coloured Columbian beanie hat, combined with the sunglasses, was enough to prevent her from being recognised.

Peaches' pink sunglasses were her only concession to anonymity, but then she didn't need to be quite so careful. Her face wasn't plastered all over magazine after magazine. Madison sighed. Thinking about it, neither was hers. Not any longer.

She gave a faint smile as Peaches returned to their table by the window with the two black coffees. The blonde plonked them down unceremoniously. 

"They have some great donuts over there," she said, nodding across at the counter.

Madison ignored the comment. "Maybe I've had my fifteen minutes of fame," she gloomily said.

Peaches gave a wistful smile. Her friend had an expensive house and yet she'd insisted on revisiting the cafe to discuss their problems. This was where they'd met Nate and Ethan. Maybe Madison was becoming nostalgic for those days?

"It's never over," she eventually said, a look of determination on her face. In truth, even her natural optimism was close to evaporating. Unusually for her, she'd even had trouble sleeping lately. Inside two months, Madison's personal bookings had died out. Where there was some interest, the fee they usually charged was halved. Requests for articles in the lads' mags had dried up, too.
