 When I was 38 years old I met this amazingly beautiful 21 year old girl. I will call her princess. 

Now this young thing was HOT! She is about 5"8," 105 lbs and has the nicest firm small breast, tipped with the sexiest tiny rosebud nipples...yum... She is also blessed with a nice firm round ass and the tastiest bald young pussy. 

This young Scorpio girl actually wasn't sweet at all. She knew exactly what she wanted and how to get it. She had more sexual experience under her panties than most 30 year old women I know. She lost her virginity at the ripe age of 18 when she snuck out to a punk gig where she met two young, very well endowed twin black guys.

She fucked and sucked those 2 huge hard cocks all night long on their band bus. She told me all about how she loved to get fucked long and hard by those two huge hard cocks. Ever since then she has been an absolute huge cock whore. 

Now none of this was ever a problem for me as I pretty well endowed myself with an 8 ½" x 6" cock and I know how to use it. I fact these stories of her as a young girl sucking and fucking all the big hard cocks she could get her lips and pussy around kept me hard for all nights of wild fucking we would be doing for the year or so that we were seeing each other. 

In that time we were together we had an insatiable and wild sex life. Sometimes when she would be craving two huge hard cocks to satisfy her insatiable appetite. We would go for a trip out of town and frequent some strip clubs were we would convince the owner to let her strip for all the horny men in the place. 

This one time we drove a hundred miles out of town to this club that was for private members only. We had been to this club before and the owner loved it when we showed up and she would put an extra hot and nasty show for all of his rich clientele. Now because this was a private members only club the dancers could go a lot further with their shows and sometimes would end with the girl doing a live masturbation performance. 

On this particular night my princess was extra horny and I knew this was going to be a night like no other. She put on my favorite outfit of hers...a white sexy mesh camisole that was totally see through around her beautiful firm small breasts. The matching booty style panties were totally see through and allowed one a total unguarded view of her sweet wet young pussy. She also had on white garters and stockings, which showed off her great thin, tanned legs and thighs. She wore just a short black raincoat over top, which barely covered her tight young ass as she walked out to the car. 

She was so excited on the drive out there that she could not help but start to play with her moist young pussy all the way there. She pulled out my now fully hard cock while I drove down the busy highway and sucked me off till I exploded my hot cum deep down her throat. All the while shoving three of her fingers furiously in and out of her cunt. She stopped herself from having a full orgasm before we got there, as she wanted to keep up the anticipation of what the night had in store. 

When we got there we were both filled with excitement as we entered the club and walked into this beautiful, luscious room full of hot rich and horny men. Every guy at the tables we walked passed as we entered paused to peek at her sexy strapped stocking legs with lust in their eyes. The manager spotted us just as the girl on stage was ending her hot wet performance in the glass shower stall on stage. The owner takes the stage, gets on the mike an states, 

"It looks like we have a special treat for all of you tonight..." 

"Please, welcome now on center stage, the very sexy princess..."

My girl then gropes my excited cock as she stands up, walks towards center stage, stopping at some guys tables a long the way to slam down a few of their drinks. As she starts up the stairs the music starts. I then pull my digital camcorder out of the bag lying at my feet and start to record the hot action, as I always do. She then begins to sway her sexy tight young body slowly in time with the music. Slowly she bends over in front of the crowd of about sixty men. Her tight young ass and pussy easily visible through those see through panties. Every man in the place is staring intently at my hot princess. 

As the music picks up the pace she begins to loosen and then fully remove the raincoat to show off all of her young perfect body in that amazing sexy out fit. Princess begins to caress her young body all over, teasing them with her seductive touch. She then lays down front and center stage and unsnaps each stocking from the garter and rolls them slowly off each leg and throws them out to audience.

My cock begins to get big and hard in my pants as I record her hot performance. I notice how very wet her panties are getting as her excitement grows knowing that she is having the same effect on all the men in the place. She then sits up on her knees and suddenly rips away the sexy camisole from her now naked upper body. She begins to rub her naked beautiful small breast and pinch her perfect nipples getting herself hornier by the second. She rolls over on to all fours and displays her firm ass and pussy towards the hot and horny men in the audience. Slowly she pulls down those tiny white panties exposing that now sopping wet pussy for all to see. The men all cheer and holler as they notice how ready and wet her bald young pussy is from all this attention. She begins to caress her firm ass and run her hands all up and down her legs, spreading her legs wider to make her dripping pussy more exposed for all the now very horny men. She then excitedly reaches her little hand between her legs and starts to rub her protruding hard clit with her long slender fingers. Slowly she begins to slide first one, then two and soon all four of those long fingers deep into her wanting cunt. Then building up the speed banging her-self furiously deep and hard while her juices begin to splash all down her legs creating a puddle on the floor.

She soon rolls on to her back with her ass at the edge of the stage and spreads her legs wide open for all and continues to ram her whole hand deep in her cunt. Her free hand now starts to rub her clit intensely as she her delicate fingers slide harder and deeper into her own cunt as her pussy juices splash all over between her legs. After about 5 minutes of this intense self fuck fest I notice as she begins to shake all over uncontrollably as she nears one of her mind-blowing orgasms. Still rubbing her clit furiously she begins to climax, her pussy beginning to spray powerful streams of pussy juice as she hits that magical g spot over and over again. Stream after stream of her sweet juices continue to spray out of clenching pussy, flying a few feet in the air and splashing all over these three huge well dressed black men sitting at a table in the front row. Soaking all their faces with her sweet essence. Every guy in the place cheers with excitement at the sight of that cum shower she has delivered to these unexpecting horny men. The three men gasp as she pulls her well -lubed fist all the way out of pussy and a gush of fluid floods out of her well- fucked cunt. These sexy big black men then jump out their seats and on to the stage. One of them yells out to the audience of men:

"Lets give this young cock whore the gangbang she deserves..."

... They all drop their pants and exposing three of the biggest hard cocks I ever seen. Each one measuring at at-least 10 to 12" long and as thick her fist that she just extracted from her well used cunt. Princess then gets back up on to her knees and stares in awe at those three hard members in front of her face. She begins to wrap her hands around two of the hard cocks as the third guy starts to stuff his dick into her luscious mouth. She strokes their hard cocks and starts to suck all of their big black cocks hungrily with her sweet lips. She alternates from one hard cock to the next without skipping a beat. As I keep recording this nasty hot action I look around the room and notice all sixty or so men have taken their hard cocks out and are stroking them feverously as my girl continues to devour these three hard cocks with her sweet young mouth. 

What a great performance we will have to watch together and share with the whole world later on line. One of men then pulled his hard cock out of my girl's mouth and laid down on his back on the mattress that the owner just put on the stage. The other two guys that were getting some of her sweet oral skills then picked her up by both arms and slowly lowered her down on top of this guy's huge hard dick, facing the audience of men jerking off at this nasty action. Everyone got a great view of this huge hard black cock slowly penetrating her tight young cunt. She suddenly breaks loose from the two men's grip and then leans all the way back and begins to ride that huge cock fast and hard, screaming and swallowing all 12" of his thick man meat. The amazing wetness of her sweet cunt makes it easy for her slide all the way to the tip of monster cock and back down, his balls slapping hard against her sweet lips. As she continues to pump herself up and down that large member she also strokes and suck them both off with her mouth. One the men getting blown now pulls her hardness away from her hungry mouth and begins to kiss his way around her beautiful small breasts, licking and sucking her petite hard nipples. Princess starts to shiver as he works his way down her taunt tummy and down to her pussy. As that large hard cock continues to impale into her, this man begins to lick her hard erect clit, licking at her rapidly as she screams in intense pleasure. As she enjoys the hard fucking and oral clit stimulation she swallows the man hard cock deep down her throat, his balls slapping against her chin. 

At this point all the guys watching in the audience tear off all their clothes and gather in a half circle around my girlfriend and continue pumping their hard cocks, enjoying the hot action, waiting for a turn at fucking this hot young thing. The man licking her pussy then pulls his dripping wet face away from cunt, positions himself between her legs and aims his huge fat dick at her already cock full cunt. "Lets see how much hard cock this little whore can take," he says as he begins to push his massive hard cock into her already stretched pussy. Slowly he begins to pump his hardness further into her in time with his friend's massive member already impaled all the way inside her. All the while she is still swallowing the massive member deep down her throat. I have never imagine she could take so much hard cock all at one time and was ecstatic at the knowledge that I was catching it all on video to fully appreciate the absolute wonder of my girls sexual appetites. My own dick is now harder than I have ever seen it as I watch this incredible nasty action. 

All this nasty fucking seems to be too much for five of the guys watching, as they all then ran right up to princess and her three studs fucking and start to spray their hot cum onto her sweet face and small erect tits, covering her all down her stomach and all over her double cock filled pussy. This sight is too much for the two guys that are fucking her so deep and hard that they both yell out "Fuuuuck uuuu fucking slllutttt!!" and fill her pussy with and incredible amount of hot sticky cum. She then explodes into her own multiple orgasm as a massive stream of all their juices pour out of her sore red cunt and all over their shrinking used members and down her slender young legs. 

The guy that was deep in her mouth then rolls her spent body over, gets behind her doggie style and begins to fuck her well used cunt deep, fast and hard until he begins shoot even more hot cum into her already gushing cum filled pussy. He then pulls he still hard cock out of her cunt and sprays ever more hot jism all down her sexy back and sweet young ass.

At this point princess suddenly collapses half unconscious onto the mattress continuing to shake spontaneously from the over stimulation. But this night is far from over yet as there were still 55 or so hot and horny men determined to have their way with my sweet little girl. 

I watch and record as various groups of these strangers all stick their hard cocks into her mouth and pussy until they explode more and more hot sticky cum into her openings and cover her from head to toe with their sperm. 

Every so often they would roll her over to fuck her deep and hard for some new angle as she twitched uncontrollably. The crazy scene became blur different colors, shapes and sizes of hard cocks penetrating her now sloppy oozing pussy and cum drenched open mouth. One by one they would spurt streams of hot cum on to every inch of her irresistible hot young body. Totally covering her hair, all over her sweet face and eyes, down her chin to her neck, all down her arms and covering her breasts, down her sexy stomach to her inflamed pussy lips and into the crack of her sweet tight ass, down both her lean legs, up the back of knees and thighs, dripping down her ass to the small of her back, down her sides and dripping off her hips..............in a single minute they were all dressed and gone.

She laid there a totally used woman in a state of delirium with a wonderful, beautiful smile on her face. I put down the camera, still recording, walk over to my love, removed all my clothes, lay my naked body next to her, spooning her close. I slide my firm hard cock all the way into her cum-filled convulsing pussy. My blade-like erection slowly pressed firmly along the inside of her pelvis bone and along her clitoral shaft. I push my rigid hard cock harder and harder again and again against the very back of gushing pussy. All the while I kiss and lick up her spine to her neck, then to her sweet young face, enjoying the smells and tastes of all the different men's cum along the way. I turn her head to face me, look straight into her smiling fully satisfied bright eyes and kiss her hard tasting the salty mixture of a number of men's sperm and then forcefully blast a ton of hot cum into the depth of her being and mark her as mine.