 Spicy...

Unlike many people who get very stressed about travel, I have a somewhat philosophical attitude. Generally the type of travel that I do doesn't involve crawling under barbed wire, having to bribe officials, or having anyone shoot at me. And so I treat delays as minor inconveniences at worst, and opportunities for engaging with people I otherwise wouldn't at best. So an unanticipated overnight stay in a Heathrow hotel due to a cancelled flight, along with a whole lot of other stranded passengers, has left me sitting at the bar, wondering what the night has in store for me. Nursing my Shiraz, I notice two spectacular women of around my age enter the bar, take a seat just a few stools over from me, and order a couple of cocktails. I listen in to their voices, and they sound very exotic - they speak flawless but accented English to each other, one sounds Russian or east European and the other vaguely Spanish - hard to tell. They look like a pair of co-workers, dressed in smart business attire, off on a work trip somewhere - until I hear one of them wish the other "Happy Birthday", and refer to her colleague as "My love". I smile at my own presumptions, dismiss a tiny pang of disappointment - they are both gorgeous, in very different ways, and I would have relished the thought of a night with either of them - but then decide "in with a penny, in with a pound" as the Brits say - an evening with a couple of exotic lesbians is going to be far more interesting than anything else this bar has to offer, from the morose barman to the couple of other sole businessmen on stools, and the family of four in the corner. That's assuming they are interested in company - to them, I may look just as boring as the other people in the room that I assume are boring. Especially since this appears to be a special night for them. But what the hell, the worst that can happen is a shrug-off.

So I turn to the birthday girl and say, "Do you mind if I raise a glass to your birthday too?". She turns to me and does a well suppressed double take. I frown slightly - does she know me? Do I look like someone she knows? No idea. She turns back to her partner, they exchange a glance I don't catch - was it "Get rid of this loser", or something different? But she turns back to me and smiles, and introduces herself as Veronique, and her partner as Olga. And yes, their plane was delayed - they are travelling to Peru for a two-week visit to Veronique's family. They don't get into details about their relationship, but it's fairly obvious from the way that Olga place her hand casually on the back of Veronique's chair, but letting her hand rest against Veronique's ribs, that they are quite intimate with each other. And I can't help noticing, as Veronique re-crosses her legs on the stool, that the slit in her skirt reveals that she is wearing real stockings under that skirt. I love a women who dresses well both visibly and invisibly, and my mind wanders away from our conversation for a moment thinking about what she might be wearing underneath her outfit, and how lucky Olga will be to watch her undress. I do admire women with nice shoes too, and she's wearing a gorgeous pair of shoes that accentuate the lovely curve of her calves. Veronique does most of the talking, with Olga sitting behind her, smiling, and leaning forward so that her breasts press against Veronique's back. I feel a stir of arousal in my groin, and immediately give myself a mental slap and smile at myself - these are lesbians, I need to let go of the thought of any kind of sexual adventure tonight.

I anticipate only a conversation, but after twenty minutes of chatty conversation, Olga announces that she is starving, and invites me to join her and Veronique at the restaurant for dinner. I'm frankly a little surprised, but happy to take them up on their invitation - they are an interesting and entertaining couple. We soon find ourselves sitting in a booth at the hotel's restaurant, with me on one side, Olga on the other, and Veronique between us.

Exquise...

I am filled with gratitude and excitement - gratitude towards Olga for generously giving me the best birthday present I could ever have imagined, and excitement at having met such an interesting and sexy man as Sean so serendipitously. Now that Olga has invited him to join us for dinner, I know she has given me the green light to turn the evening, and possibly the night, into whatever I can orchestrate.

And all my senses tell me, whenever I make eye contact with Sean, that this night could indeed be memorable. Not only is he sexy beyond what I could have hoped for, but he turns out to also be smart, fun, and a superb conversationalist. All three of us have instantly connected, and have created an atmosphere of ease, curiosity, and undercurrents. But I am starting to feel a little sorry for the poor man! By all indications, we are a committed lesbian couple who are only interested in spending a couple of interesting hours over a meal to pass the time while stranded at the airport. Little does he know that we actually have an agenda that gives him a crucial role - who ever gets to fulfill someone's sexual fantasy after all? - and that my body is on fire. I cross and re-cross my legs, feeling the building pressure in my crotch, my skin feels hot to the touch, my nipples are straining against the fabric of my sleeveless top, and I can detect the moisture between my legs seeping out onto the fabric of my thong. It has been so long since I have made love with a man that my body is clamoring for the feel of his cock pumping into me. If I do not play this right, we would have a quickie that would leave both of us slightly disappointed. If he shows any interest in what I have in mind for us, I am determined to pace myself and draw every single drop of pleasure out of the experience. Since Olga knows me so intimately, she knows full well how aroused I am at the moment. But it is my show, and she is letting me run it the way I see fit.

But time is limited, and I need to find out if he is attracted to me and, if so, whether he is as adventurous as I am. Claiming feeling "very hot", I remove my jacket and reveal my purple silk top indented in front so as to expose the lacy top of my black bra. I hand my jacket over to Sean, lightly brushing his arm with my right breast as I do so, hoping he will respond in some way. He raises his eyebrows and looks utterly puzzled - "what is she doing flirting with me with her female lover in attendance?", he seems to be asking. Just as I'm about to up the ante a bit, the waiter brings a dessert plate lit with candles for my birthday, and the room erupts in "Happy Birthday Veronique". Clever Olga has asked the waiter to put on salsa music, knowing that I will just have to get up and dance in front of the crowd. It is my birthday after all, and I will not be shy. I draw a mystified Sean up to his feet, who protests that he cannot dance at all, and just whisper in his ear "just glue your hips to mine and mirror my movements". Having had a couple of glasses of wine, and being in the company of strangers he will not have to face tomorrow, he utters with a smile "why the hell not?!", and grabs my hips. I cover his hands with mine, give him my sexiest smile, and start rotating my hips in a very sensual rhythm. I love the feel of his body against mine, and gyrate shamelessly against his groin while looking at him. He lets himself go and I feel the unmistakable sign of his erection against my tight skirt. He starts to withdraw from me, probably thinking he has gone too far, but I hold him close and bring my face up to his neck to inhale his scent. Oh, I just adore his manly sweat! My nose has always been my best friend in the attraction game, and Sean has passed the test with flying colors!

The song ends, and we sit back down. Sean, being the honest, flirtatious man that he is, looks at Olga and says: "You have a very sexy girlfriend and, if I did not know that she was gay and in love with you, I would definitely try to take things further." It is time to come clean with him, and I turn to Olga asking her to explain her second birthday gift to me. I see Sean's smile become wider as she shows him her birthday card to me, and her gift of a night with a man while in attendance. "Is this something you might be willing to consider?", she asks him directly. "Absolutely", he replies. "You are both very sexy women, and I can promise you that I would be respectful of your boundaries and would give Veronique all the pleasure she wants from a man". I remember just in time Olga's wish that I not kiss my male lover on the mouth - which is going to prove very difficult, but require some fun improvisation - and slowly move towards him, bring his neck to my lips, and let him feel the pressure of my mouth followed by the tip of my tongue from his ear to his Adam's apple. 

I turn to Sean, rub a finger from his mouth gently from his mouth down his beard, then his neck, then the V of his shirt, tracing the hairy skin I find there, and dare say: "I just adore sex, anything from a cock in my pussy or my girlfriend's strap-on inside me, to oral sex, to anal sex - anything sensual pleases me as long as there is no pain or degradation. Our time together is going to be so limited that I would like to make the most of it. Please tell me what you like."

Spicy...

This evening has taken a turn in a direction I didn't anticipate. But I'm a very willing participant with these two gorgeous women. I turn to Olga and say, "My biggest problem tonight is going to be keeping to your wishes to not to kiss Veronique - while the eroticism of the thought of having sex with you two beautiful women is amazing, I've always loved the intimacy that can come only from a kiss. I will respect your boundaries, but at the same time, I don't want to be just a fuck. I'd really like to be a part of the intimacy that you share with each other. And so I'd like to request two things before we leave this restaurant. Firstly, I'd like to see the two of you dance the salsa together. I suspect from my dance with Veronique that she is will be a much better dancer than she showed to me, and that with a partner like Olga, you'd be a lot of fun to watch. Secondly, when you return from your dance, I would like to watch the two of you kiss, as sensuously and sexily as you can."

Veronique doesn't say a word, but simply stands up, takes Olga's hand, and leads her to an open area of the restaurant. The music is no longer Salsa, but is now a more low-key jazzy number, and the two of them bring their bodies together and start to move. One of the reasons I wanted to watch them dance is to see who leads - I'm already eagerly anticipating getting naked together, but based on my very limited experiences of two women, it's a difficult and tricky thing to get right, as there are egos and preferences and history to consider. I'm hoping that watching them dance will help me to understand the dynamics of the relationship between them. There is no confusion between them, Olga immediately takes the male leading role in their dance. I love watching Olga guide Veronique across the small area, and the way their hips seem to be glued to each other. They are both smiling, looking into each others eyes, and dancing very seductively - although an occasional glance from each of them towards me makes it very clear that they are dancing for my pleasure as well as their own. And then completely seamlessly, without a word passing between them, it is Veronique who is leading. I thought this was going to be easy, but it is obvious that both Olga and Veronique feel equally comfortable being the "top".

When they get back to our table, they shuffle back into the booth. Veronique reaches for my hand, and puts it on her hip. I can feel the heat of her ass against my thigh. Then she reaches up to caress Olga's face, and with her other hand, slides her fingers up into Olga's hairline, and very gently brings Olga's face towards hers. They take a very long time over their kiss, starting with just feeling each other's breath on their faces, then touching lips, teasing and dancing with each other, eventually darting their tongues into each other's mouths, and finally hungrily devouring each other. Finally Veronique breaks, and kisses Olga on her neck. I see a tiny involuntary shiver from Olga. By this time, I already have a throbbing erection - these two women are so hot. Veronique turns to me and says, "Was that intimate enough for you?"

I say, "That was one of the most sensuous and seductive kisses I've ever witnessed. Thank you so much for letting me share in that. You two are unbelievably hot, and I don't think we should waste another minute of the short time we have together. Your room or mine?" We decide on the girl's room, because apparently they have a few interesting toys with them that may come in useful later, and after signing for our meals, we head up in the elevator. We're fortunate to have the elevator to ourselves, and I have the pleasure of watching Olga and Veronique kiss again, but this time, I am standing with my hard cock pressed up against Veronique's ass while they are kissing, I have my hands on Olga's hips pressing her against Veronique, and I am gently nibbling on Veronique's neck while she is kissing Olga.

We break when the elevator pings on their floor, Olga takes Veronique's hand and leads her, and Veronique takes mine, and we literally skip down the corridor and open the door of their room.

Exquise...

Olga know something about me that Sean does not - I am a closet exhibitionist. So his asking Olga and me to dance in front of him, and then to kiss each other sexily and sensually just a few inches from him, almost feel like foreplay. I am bursting with love for Olga for allowing me to fulfill my fantasy of a threesome with a man, and with incredible arousal for both Sean and Olga. Looking at Sean's full lips, I feel a sharp disappointment that we will not be able to kiss as I have just kissed Olga. But I love her too much to push her comfort level with the intimacy I am about to have with Sean. So I decide to kiss Olga every time I feel the urge to kiss Sean, and then to find other ways to satisfy my need to be intimate with his skin, his saliva, and his taste.

And what a glorious man he is! If the feel of his hot, huge, erect cock against my ass in the elevator, and his inclusion of Olga in our embrace in the elevator, are any indication of his generous, sexy attitude, then we are all in for an amazing night. I remember the words of an old mentor of mine in the Diplomatic Corps who advised "if you find yourself stringing 3 sentences together in your head at a time when experience and intuitive cues should be guiding your actions instead, you are over-intellectualizing, and need to stop thinking and let your actions get you back on track". This is exactly what I intend to do as soon as the door to our room closes behind us - just let things unfold as they will, as we all want them too, moment by moment.

We always travel with music, candles, and sex toys - much more interested in setting a mood, in the seduction of each other, and in using our imagination than in the mechanics of getting to orgasm. While Olga obligingly puts some music on and lights a few scented candles, Sean and I approach each other. We cannot kiss, so we synchronize our breathing instead. He places his hands on my shoulders as I take both of mine and trace his face with my fingertips, then his eyebrows, his cheeks, his delicious-looking beard that I crave feeling on my pussy, his neck, and the top of his shoulders. I stop in the hollow above his collarbone, and inhale his manly scent - so very different from Olga's flowery one, but no less exciting to me. He stills my hands and reciprocates by stroking my hair, and by exploring my ears and then placing a finger on top of my upper lip. I open to him as I will with my other mouth later on, and he gently caresses the inside of my lips, my teeth, and my tongue. That is so very sexy, and a moan escapes my lips. As she hears that sound, so familiar to her, Olga snuggles behind my back, and starts kneading the curves of my ass and then running her fingernails up and down my butt crack, knowing the instant excitement this will produce. Sure enough, I now press my hips against Sean's, eager to have his erection speak directly to my lower belly. "Ohhhh....the two of you are really turning me on!", I say.

Sean turns to Olga and asks "may I please take Veronique's clothes off?". "Of course", she answers, "it is one of my favorite things to do". Sean reaches to the back of my tank top for the zipper, lowers it, and pulls it over my head, stepping back for a second to take in the sight of my breasts visible through the sheer, lacy, black bra, nipples erect and directed at his mouth. I arch toward him, making my need to have him suck my nipples perfectly clear. I tilt my head back onto Olga's shoulder, take my breasts between my hands, and present them to Sean who wastes no time in lapping at my nipples. It takes a second for me to adjust to the ticklish feel of his beard on my breasts, but what a delicious sensation it is! I am so turned on, and need to feel his skin against mine as well. I unbutton his shirt, toss it on a nearby chair, and nuzzle my nose in his chest hair, inhaling an erotic mixture of perspiration and his own heady male scent, the effect of which is to produce copious juices between my legs. Both of us are starting to feel feverish with desire, and quickly dispense with his pants, socks and shoes, and my skirt. Sean smiles as he admires my black thong, garters, and stockings. As for me, my eyes are glued to the shape of his large, erect cock, the curve of his balls below, and an unmistakable patch of pre-come darkening his turquoise underwear. 

"Olga, I really want to suck his cock - it's been so very long. Are you sure you're OK with that?", I ask her. "Of course, Baby, go for it!", she responds. To give us a bit of privacy for the moment, she moves to a comfortable chair near the bed, takes off her green, skintight dress, and starts to touch her breasts, clearly aroused by the sight of her lover almost naked and ready to make love to a man. I kneel in front of Sean, look into his eyes as I remove his underwear, and rest my cheek against his cock, already aware of his earthy, musky smell. "I feel completely out of practice", I tell Sean a bit apologetically, "please tell me what you like". "Don't worry, you will do just fine. Your enthusiasm is all I need at the moment". I dive in like a puppy given his favorite treat, laughing with excitement! I lick the shaft up and down, circle the head with my tongue, play with his balls, loving the way they move under my fingers, and open my mouth and greedily suck his cock, loving the feel of the head against the roof of my mouth. Oh, I think to myself, I remember this! It tastes salty, his cock is so hard, as warm as the inside of my mouth, and I want more. I push Sean's cock all the way to the back of my throat, add my hands to stroke his balls at the same time, and feel myself getting wetter and wetter from finally being able to give a man a blowjob in front of Olga. I glance at her, and notice she is rubbing her clit as she watches us. Sean does not want this to go too fast or too far. He gently pulls out of my mouth, helps me to stand up, and guides me to the bed. "Olga, do you want to get closer while I go down on Veronique? Maybe you can give me some pointers." "All I can tell you", she says, "is she loves having her clit sucked hard while I put a couple of fingers inside her on her g-spot. The rest is up to the two of you".

Sean looks into my eyes as he slides my thong over my hips and down my legs. I am so very aroused, and open my legs to show him my swollen labia and the wetness accumulating between them. Olga positions herself near my head, kisses me deeply, and starts caressing my breasts. I wish she would suck my nipples, but she prefers to watch Sean's mouth descend onto my pussy. I am on fire, and raise my hips to meet his lips, groaning as I do so. His tongue lands at the apex of my sex, and he parts my labia, stops for a second to smell my excitement, and says: "You have such a pretty pussy, and you taste so delicious!". At those words, I place my own hands over his, open my pussy as wide as I can so he can peer into its pink insides, thereby exposing my clit, engorged and demanding some attention. Sean knows what I need, and starts sucking my clit, at first sensually alternating licking it with his tongue with a few sucks, then progressively harder, as Olga told him I prefer. Olga is sucking on my nipples as Sean is sucking on my clit, and I feel so close to coming. Sean slides 2 fingers into my swollen flesh, turns them toward my pubic bone until he finds my g-spot and he sees me buck against him, and I take a deep breath to slow myself down. He decides to move towards Olga and offer her a taste of my pussy from his beard, which she laps up like a cat drinking milk from a saucer. She sighs gratefully, and lowers her mouth to mine so I can taste myself. Oh, this is such a turn-on for all three of us!!! I know I cannot wait much longer to come. I signal to Olga that I would love for her to come at the same time I do, and she sits on my face toward Sean, and starts riding me in the way we have perfected together. She is just as juicy as I am. I tongue her from her ass to her clit while Sean watches, and then focus my attention on her clit just as Sean focuses on mine until we both erupt in a ferocious, simultaneous orgasm.
