 Okay, I admit it...I was feeling 'frisky', but that wouldn't be right either. 

Horny is the term that applies here.

I was on, yet, another trip to the city where hubby and I lived for several years. The city in which hubby and I began our other life as swingers. An other life that we both enjoyed and, at times, took advantage of when one or the other was away from our spouse.

That weekend, the weekend before this particular business trip for me, involved a sexually-charged two day party with friends that had all of us well-fucked and sucked by Monday morning. Surely, that would hold me until I returned from my trip.

Well, you would've thought so...and you'd been wrong, Sherlock.

By the end of business on Thursday, I could actually see daylight through my piles of paper on my desk.

"Want to grab a drink?" Tori said into my ear when I took her call in my office. Tori was a 'blast from the past' that spent many nights in hubby and I's bed.

"Does a bear shit in the woods?" I replied, rather smart-assedly.

"It's single-guys night at the club," she replied, "and I could use a stiff dick or three," laughing afterwards.

The 'club' was our old swingers haunt we belonged to when we lived here and, where, we still kept an active membership.

"Well, I don't know about that," I replied with a hint of smugness that I didn't know I possessed, "my weekend was fairly well filled with cock and cunt, but, I'll stay for one drink, for sure, to catch up with your life," I said.

"What happened to the Queen of Cock I so admired?" she chided.

Smiling to myself at the term she used for me so long ago, I replied, "Well, her brains got fucked out this past weekend and she's tired."

"Pick me up at my place and we'll blow a doobie before we go," she said, "Seven-ish?" she asked.

"Make it a fat-boy and I'm yours," I cheerfully replied.

"Done! See you at seven," ending the conversation.

I was a few minutes early but on the drive over I reconsidered my earlier statements about being tired. I don't know, maybe in the back of my mind, the thought of 'some strange' triggered my horny motor but, for whatever reason, when I got out of the car to walk to her doorstep, my little beaver was feeling a bit warm.

"Good to see you, Toots," she said as she hugged me, "get your fine ass in here and toke up with me."

And we did, we did that herb proud, getting marvelously stoned and eating the roach afterwards. And, as usual, when Tori and I got high, we got horny. And, as usual, I let Tori fondle and play with me as I drove us to the club. It was quite fun, actually, having her feel me up, rub on my little man, which, in turn, got my panties wet.

Sticking a finger into my snatch, under my dress, Tori gave me three or four quick strokes, lubricating her finger with my juices.

"Mmmmmm, oh sweetie, you taste simply mah-valous, my darling, just as you always did," she purred as she licked my juices from her finger, sucking , slowly and sensually, her eyes closed, her mouth smiling as she sucked.

"Glad you liked," I smilingly said as I pull into the parking lot of the club, "Or is it licked?", turning off the engine and looking at her.

Leaning over to me, we kissed for a deliciously long time, my tongue tasting my juices in her mouth.

"Bet I suck more cock than you," she teasingly said as she opened her door.

"Is that a fact?" I answered, "Or is that a challenge?"

"Both." she said, closing her door behind her.

In the past, on single-guys' night, the guys outnumbered the gals by two or three to one. This night proved no different. Settling in at the bar, we ordered our drinks while we both scanned the crowd. I saw two or three couples I knew from when we lived here, waving hi to those whose eyes locked with mine. Looking for a third to join them I thought to myself as I continued to look around.

Turning back to the bar, Tori was in conversation with a couple of guys a few stools down from us and, yes, we wound up with them at a booth within a few minutes.

Who ordered the Bacardi 151 and coke, I do not know, but, if their goal was to get us plastered, it worked. 151 is the devil's brew but Lordy, how I love the buzz it can give me in a short time.

Between the rum and the smoke, earlier, I was feeling no pain but definitely feeling the heat between my legs. So when Bob, or Tom, or whoever the hell it was, suggested that the four of us find a room, I was game, Boy, was I game.

The four of us did find a room and, at Tori's suggestion, the door was left opened, an unsaid invitation to join in whatever was going on in the room. If a door was closed, then it was 'private'.

We, the four of us, found our places on the bedding (the room was wall to wall with bedding)pairing off as we did so. My guy was very capable with his kisses and touches, getting me hot and hornier quickly as he took off my clothes, then his. Reaching down and running my hand down his belly, my hand found a very thick, stiff cock and as it throbbed in my hand, I sucked his tongue into my mouth. Kissing him hard, I stroked and stroked his hardness until the desire to taste him overpowered me.

Pushing him onto his back, I knelt between his legs, bent my head down and took him into my mouth and down my throat in one, swift motion. Slowly pulling his dick out of my mouth and throat, I sucked on him hard, my tongue tasting his precum as I did so.

I worked him slowly, taking my time, letting his climax build and build. And as I did so, I felt the movement on the bed of someone kneeling behind me. Didn't know, didn't care, especially when he sunk his dick deep into my pussy.

I love threesomes with two guys. There's nothing that feels as good as sucking on a cock as another one is fucking you doggy-style. Just as the guy in my mouth began to climax, the guy fucking me reached around and massaged my clit as he continued to fuck me hard. I came just as my mouth filled with warm cum, so much cum that it ran down my mouth to my chin and beyond. Sucking as much as possible as I rode my own orgasm, the second guy came, shoving his cock deep into me as he emptied his jism into my throbbing snatch.

Rolling over on my back to catch my breath, I saw that Tori was on her knees sucking her guy's cock, while stoking another dude who had joined them at some point. Quite hot, actually. Looking toward the doorway, I saw two or three guys standing, watching, rubbing their crotches.

Motioning to one of the guys to come over, when he got close enough, I reached and unzipped his pants, pulling his semi-flaccid dick into my mouth while I stayed on my knees. He got hard quickly from my sucking abilities, placing his hands on my bobbing head as it moved back and forth. 

The sounds of cock-sucking was loud in the room, it seemed, both Tori and I not known for our bashfulness when it came to sucking dick. My guy started climaxing and I let his jism go on me but not in me. He had no sooner finished when another guy stood near me, his hand gently rubbing my hair.

By now, I was ready to suck forever. The more cock I suck, the more cock I want to suck. Unzipping this new 'customer', I pulled a monster from his pants, hard, large, shiny and black. I was barely able to get my mouth around him, but, I did. He was the second cock I've not ever been able to deep-throat but I got as much of it into my mouth that I could. I sucked on him for a very long time and just when I thought he was about to come, he flipped my onto my back, climbed between my legs and drove his van into my garage. 

Damn, but he was big!

But, damn, did it feel good. Spreading my legs as wide as I could, I let him slam that black cock as deep into me as he could, loving every minute of it. As he fucked me for a long, long time, I sucked off two more guys, one at a time, kneeling near my head. And just when he was about to cum, he pulled out and pushed his dick towards my mouth. 

Opening as wide as I could, I took him into my mouth when he shot his load, the excess spilling from my mouth quickly. He finished cumming, my breath coming hard to me, now. Wiping cum from my mouth and chin, I looked over at Tori who was being fucked by two guys, one in her pussy as she rode him, the other one in her ass from behind. As they fucked her hard, she took another guy into her mouth at the same time.

Looking at the doorway I saw a much younger guy standing there, all wide-eyed. When my eye caught his and I spread my legs, he was there in a flash. And, in a flash he was naked and fucking me for all he was worth. And that young'un was worth a hell of a lot. His staying power was off the charts, allowing me several long, mind-blowing, climaxes, before he finally popped his nut.

Young'un finished milking his dick into my soaking wet beaver, and when he was done, I turned towards Tori who was finishing off the black dude I had just fucked, her mouth stretched with his thickness. Catching her eye, I softly said to her, "No Mas, no mas."

Nodding her understanding, she closed her eyes and began sucking black dude with increased fervor, her hand, a blur, as she worked it back and forth on his shaft as she sucked.

It worked...black dude drowned Tori with his climax.

"11, I think," Tori said to me after we got into my rental car.

"You win," I said in response, "I think my number was 9, maybe 8?...shit, I don't know but it included one of the biggest cocks I've ever sucked and fucked, and, the absolute smallest dick I've ever sucked...no more than three raging inches of throbbing man-meat," I laughingly said to her.

Size really doesn't matter but, really, sometimes you just have to laugh at it, don't you?

"Spend the night?" Tori said, softly, after a long silence as I drove us back to her place.

"You're still horny?" I asked, somewhat shocked, I might add.

"I'm always horny for you, you know that," she said by way of an answer. Well, that, and her hand sliding up my skirt, her fingers (three? I think?) sliding easily into my well-fucked pussy, pantiless, now.

As I said before, Tori has spent many an evening in delicious threesomes with hubby and I. But, it soon became a 'thing' between she and I, really it did. Hubby was good with that; we'd blow him, get him off, and he happily watched as Tori and I tuned him out, making the world all about her and I.

"I really need you...to, you know," Tori's voice softly said, her fingers now in me almost to the point that she could 'fist' me, if she wanted to.

What Tori was referring to was her discovery that she liked for me to take the lead in our sexual play, to dominate her, to tie her up and 'force' her to be my sexual slave.

"Then, when we get to your house, you will undress me, then, yourself, understand?" I said to her, my voice strong, commanding, because, truthfully?, I liked dominating her, I liked 'forcing' her to let me fuck her in the ass with a dildo. I did. I really liked it.

"Yes, ma'am," Tori replied, her eyes closed, her fingers slowly fucking me.

"I want to use the big strap-on dildo to fuck you, to fuck your ass until you're begging me to stop, understand that?" I said to her as I grabbed her by the hair, turning into her driveway as I did so.

"Yes, ma'am," was her soft reply, her breathing betraying her excitement.

And I did.

I pounded the huge strap-on cock hard and deep into Tori's well-stretched asshole. I did that after I first fucked her in her pussy, the thickness of the faux-cock stretching her pussy as well.

And when I was done fucking her, she eagerly crawled between my legs and gave me a pussy-eating from out of this world, as only she can.

I came, we both languished in the throes of an after-sex glow, and with a look from me, she once again buried her face between my legs.

Reaching for her bedside phone, I called hubby at home, knowing he'd be up at this time of the morning.

"Guess who's giving your wife a delicious pussy-eating right now," I said to him by way of greeting.

"Male or female?" he laughingly replied.

"Female slut-wench", I replied.

"Tori...has to be Tori," he correctly guessed.

"Yeah, and she sucked more cock than I did tonight," I said to him, "grab a cup of coffee," I said further, "have I got a story to tell you about Tori and I's night at the club."

And, I told him...