 It was late when I got home, and Fiona my wife had already gone out for the night. Not having any kids and both in our late forties, we both started to get into a bit of a weekly routine. She would go dancing with some of her friends, whilst I would go and have a drink with a couple of lads from work.

After making myself a quick snack I headed out for the night, on entering the pub I soon located Sam and Fred. They were both sat drinking their beers, so getting myself a pint I soon joined them. As usual they were both arguing about football, I was never that excited about the game. So I sat back and enjoyed my pint, but we were missing a man.

"Where's Dave?" I asked them.

"Said he might be late, something about trying his luck at a new bar that's just opened. You know what a pussy hound he is, always on the pull." Sam replied.

"Yeh, if it's got a skirt he'll try and screw it." Added Fred, at that we all raised our glasses in a toast to him.

Dave was one of those guys that didn't mind what they looked like, as long as there was a shag involved. Being in their early twenties, they tended to brag about their exploits. Which I usually took with a pinch of salt, but Dave was a bit different. He was a handsome sod and knew it, which was a bit of a surprise when you saw some of the women he picked up.

I asked him about it one time, why did he go after the less attractive women. His answer was simple and to the point, the women I tend to pick up are generally flattered and ever so grateful. Which is why they're more likely to drop their knickers for me, where as a more attractive women is a lot harder work with no guarantee of a shag. 

With that kind of logic, he was usually getting his end away the lucky bastard. More than I can say for me, it must have been a couple months since me and Fiona had any kind of sex.

As I was thinking about this, the argument then started again about the bloody football. As the evening wore on we had a few games of pool and talked about things in general. After about an hour or so Fred got a text on his mobile. "Jesus, will you look at this." He said as he showed us the message, it was from Dave.

PICKED UP A COUPLE OF SLAPPERS, COULD DO WITH A HELPING HAND. BACK OF THE PUB. DAVE

Then the phone went again, Fred checked it. "Bloody hell!" Was all he said, then showed us the screen. On it was a photo showing the top of a woman's head, her hand wrapped around a cock as she fed it into her mouth. Dave was obviously getting a blowjob. But you could also tell that she was married, because of the wedding ring she was wearing.

Both Fred and Sam stood up, eager to join Dave. Just as they were leaving, Sam turned and said. "Aren't you coming Paul?"

"No, it's not my thing. You go and enjoy yourselves, you can tell me all about it later." I replied.

I watched them go, eager to get their ends away. As they left I started to get this nagging feeling, it was about the photo. There was something about it that looked familiar, curiosity got the better of me. So I got up and headed out to the alleyway, at the back of the pub.

I must have got there a few seconds after the lads, they were both stood there taking in the scene. One of the tarts was resting herself against the wall, she looked a right slut with her large saggy tits hanging out. Fishnet stockings and her knickers resting around one of her feet. 

She just stood there with her legs wide open, skirt rucked up around her waist. Dave had obviously just fucked her, and she was now watching him with the other tart.

I couldn't see her because Dave was stood in front of her, but I could hear what he was doing to her. There was this glug glug sound coming from them, as he fucked her mouth. I was getting that nagging feeling again, so moved forward to get a better look. To my horror there was my wife, Fiona. Knelt down, getting her face fucked by Dave.

But it was when she saw me, that her eyes popped opened in shock. She tried to pull away, but Dave held her head tight as he continued to plug away between her lips. Now I got a proper look at her, she looked just like the other tart. Tits hanging out, dress pulled up around her waist. Showing off her laddered stockings, and no sign of any knickers.

Even though I'd had a bit of a shock I was surprised by what was happening to my cock, I couldn't believe at how much of a fucking turn on this was becoming. Instead of me getting mad, I wanted to join in and fuck the tart. By now my cock was becoming increasingly uncomfortable, so unzipping myself I pulled it free and began to stroke it.

Fiona seeing this started to relax, looking directly at me the slut opened her legs and began to play with her pussy. Meanwhile Sam and Fred had moved closer to the other woman, then it hit me. This was Fiona's mate Madge, I'd never met her but Fiona was always going on about her. I then began to wonder how long these two had been dropping their knickers for other men, the thought of Fiona spreading her legs like a fucking tart was really turning me on.

With this in mind I decided I was going to enjoy myself tonight, first was getting a blowjob from Fiona then fuck her slag mate. "Dave, budge over. I wouldn't mind tickling her tonsils."

He turned and looked at me, then to my stiff cock. "Be my guest Paul, but I get first crack at fucking her." I nodded as he pulled his dripping cock out of her mouth.

Standing in front of my slut wife, offering her my cock. She opened her mouth and without hesitation swallowed me. I just groaned as her lips slid down my shaft, then stood there as I enjoyed my first blowjob in a long time. But following Dave's example, gripped the back of her head and began fuck the tarts mouth. My cock was soon getting a generous amount of saliva as I rocked back and forth, then I got that rewarding glugging sound each time I entered her throat.

Looking over to Sam, he hadn't wasted any time. He'd already stuffed his cock into Madge and was quickly pounding away between her legs, as he fucked her hard against the wall she was grunting each time he thrust into her. But like most young men he was soon yelling at her as he erupted into her pussy, with a few last thrusts he held himself tight against her.

Seeing that he was finished, I let go of Fiona's head and pulled my wet cock from her mouth. Leaving her knelt on the floor I moved across to Sam, and tapping him on the shoulder said. "My turn Sam."

He was still panting, as he pulled away from Madge. I could see that Fred was disappointed at me for pushing in, but I didn't care right then. Standing in front of this half-naked tart, I got a proper look at her. She was in her mid-forties and had put on a few pounds, but that didn't bother me as I surveyed her pussy. It was well hidden under dense forest of pubic hair, but you could tell it had just been well fucked by the steady stream of leaking fluids that were running down the tops of her legs.

The dirty tart then lifted up one of her saggy breasts, and began to suck on her own nipple. It was whilst I was watching this, that Fiona was pushed up against the wall by Dave.

With anticipation I got to watch my slut wife take another man's cock for the first time, she was looking at me as he entered her. Grunting out loud each time he thrust into her, as I was distracted by the sex show next to me. My attention returned to Madge when I felt her hand wrap around my cock, she was eagerly pulling me towards her pussy. 

So bending my knees I was guided into her sloppy cunt, and with a firm push I slipped all the way home. She gasped as my pelvic bone hit her clit, in fact I pushed so hard that she started to be lifted up the wall. Holding her there, as my cock pulsed in her pussy. 

I wasn't about to rush this, I was going to enjoy fucking Fiona's mate whilst she watched. Almost as much as seeing her get fucked, like a common tart by Dave.

With her back support against the wall, I lifted Madge's legs up and made her wrap them around my body. Her cunt was now tightly wedged onto my cock, gripping her ass cheeks my hands now supported her weight.

It was now that I began to bend my knees, then quickly thrust upwards. This made her grunt, as her full weight was forcing my cock deep into her cunt. God her cunt was sloppy, so I inched one of my fingers so it was touching my shaft.

Then pushing it along its length, it easily slipped into her cunt. She squealed as her pussy was stretched by my invading finger, I whispered in her ear. "Just imagine instead of my finger, it was another cock."

At that she came, god did she come. Yelling at the top of her voice as her orgasm swept over her, I had to start kissing her to stop the yelling. Last thing we needed was somebody thinking she was getting raped. 

My cock and finger's where getting soaked as she gushed over them, so using one of my wet fingers I began to stroke her anus. She clenched, and I groaned as her cunt gripped my cock and finger tightly.

I continued to push against her tight ring, she relaxed and my finger slid passed her sphincter to the sound of her moaning again. Whispering in her ear. "You dirty slut, I bet that's what you really want isn't it? My cock in your ass and Fred here fucking your pussy." 

"Oh god yes, ahhhhhhhhhh." She screamed as another orgasm ripped through her body, her cunt and ass squeezing my cock and fingers. I had to hold on tight as she bounced around. 

It wasn't until she finally calmed down, that I removed my fingers to a moan of disappointment. Letting go of her ass she dropped her legs to the ground. I then pulled my wet cock from her pussy, and stood back making her turn around. 

She was definitely up for it, with her hands now resting on the wall. She bent forward and spread her legs wide open, presenting her large ample ass to me. I moved forward cock in hand, sliding it between the soft flesh of her ass cheeks till I found her little brown star.

I pushed and groaned as my cock slid passed her sphincter and I entered her ass, not stopping till our bodies met. Just closing my eyes, I stood there enjoying myself as her sphincter squeezed around my cock. But I wasn't the only one who was enjoying themselves, soon Fiona and Dave were both groaning out loud to their own orgasms.

Madge had started to move her ass, moaning as she rocked herself against me. Leaning forward I grasped hold of her tits and lifted her upright, with my cock still wedged in her ass. I turned us both around, so that my back was now against the wall.

Looking over her shoulder, I could see both Fred and Sam stood there sporting large erections. "Right you two who wants to fill this tarts cunt." Madge just moaned as I said this, her ass gripping my cock in anticipation of being plugged in both holes.

Fred was up first, it was a strange sensation as I felt his cock enter her pussy. To feel him slide along my cock only separated by a thin membrane. But once he'd got settled, Fred began to fuck her with short quick thrusts. This was pushing Marge's body against me as he banged away between her legs.

Not only was he stimulating Marge's cunt, but his cock was do the same to me. With my finger's playing with Madge's nipples, Fred's eager thrusts and with me plugged into her ass. It didn't take long before she had another orgasm, she must have squirted because I felt a warm sensation as my balls were covered by her pussy juices.

This must have tipped Fred over the edge because he started to come, yelling out loud as his orgasm wracked his body. I could even feel his cock pulsing as he filled her pussy with spunk, Madge was squeezed between the two of us as she and Fred enjoying the last moments of their orgasm. Both panting as I felt Fred's cock slowly slip from her cunt.

As he stood back Sam quickly took his place, and I got that same strange sensation as his cock filled her pussy. Looking over to Fiona she was now back on her knees, with Dave's cock in her mouth as she sucked it back to life. Fred his cock dripping with spunk and Madge's pussy juices, went over and presented it to Fiona. I watched as the dirty slut eagerly swapped cocks, and began to suck it into her mouth. 

By now my own cock was starting to swell, from a combination of watching Fiona. To the stimulation of Sam's cock, and Madge's tight ass were giving me. He had been fucking her with long slow thrusts but now he'd started to speed up, I was fighting the urge to come. But it was no good, and Madge suddenly had another orgasm.

This sent me over the top and I thrust deeper as I erupted into Madge's ass, joining her as we both yelled from our own orgasms. Squeezing tight on Madge's hard nipples, I was enjoying the all too brief sensation of pleasure coming from my cock. 

But then it was gone, and I stood there panting for breath as my cock began to wilt. Sam was still fucking Madge, and it was starting to get uncomfortable. I was being constantly pushed against the wall as he pounded into her.

With Madge's ass squeezing around my softening cock, it soon slipped out. So pushing Madge away from me, I was then able to move from behind them. 

Sam who wasn't finished with Madge, soon pushed her back against the wall and continued to fuck her. 

Being free, I moved across to where Fiona was still sucking on Fred's cock. As I stood there she looked up at me then to my wet cock, I told her. "Here's another one for you to clean."

I didn't think she would, knowing that it had just been up her mate's ass. But she released Fred's cock, then looking straight into my eyes. The dirty slut fed my slimy cock into her mouth, I just groaned as her lips and tongue caressed my limp dick. 

"God, you dirty bitch." Was Fred's outburst, as he watched Fiona suck on my hardening cock. He wasn't wrong, she was a dirty slut. But from what my cock was doing, I loved it. I wanted to fuck the dirty bitch, shag her cum filled pussy. 

But at that moment I was happy just to enjoy her deepthroating skills, grunting as each time I slid down her throat. Then she stopped, I looked down. "Fuck me." Was all she said.

I watched as she stood up and rested her back against the wall, legs open awaiting my pleasure. What a fucking tart, she hitched up her dress exposing her sloppy cunt for me. Grasping her nipples, I squeezed them as I stood close to her. She offered her mouth to me, so we kissed tongues mingling as I pressed my body to hers.

I could feel her hand as it gripped my cock, bending my knee's I let her guide me into her wet pussy. Then letting go of me as I filled her cunt, we stood there locked together as we continued to kiss.

She then whispered in my ear. "Enjoying your sloppy seconds Paul?"

I just groaned, now she knew this was turning me on.

"Like watching me get fucked do you? Like a common slut?" She continued to tease me.

"Yes." Was my reply as I moaned again, she was squeezing her cunt around my cock. I was getting so turned by what she was telling me, that I started to fuck her sloppy cunt. Grunting as I pounded away at her, then it happened. I couldn't believe how quickly I came, I just kept fucking her pussy till I was spent. 

I held my cock deep in her as I stood there panting, it wasn't until Fred tapped me on the shoulder saying. "My turn Paul." That I stood away and let him take over.

I watched as she happily accepted him between her legs, even though my cock was spent. I was still turned on by her performance, grunting as he forcefully fucked her against the wall.

Looking across to Madge, who was now on her knees getting her face fucked by Dave. Watched them as he then suddenly let out a groan, and came into Madge's mouth.

As I'd been watching them, Sam had moved next to me as he waited his turn to fuck Fiona.

Seeing that Dave was finished with Madge, I went across and offered her my semi hard cock. But instead of taking me into her mouth, she started to undo my trousers. Once undone she pulled them and my underpants down to around my ankles, with my lower half exposed she started to lick my balls.

As I was enjoying what she was doing to my balls, my cock began to stiffen. Her tongue moved up my shaft till she started to lick around my bell end, it was then that she spoke to me. "Paul, Fiona has told me about your kinky side."

Startled that she knew me, I looked down. I could see her fingers stuffed in her cunt, wanking herself. As she removed them, they were soaked in spunk and pussy juices. I then realized what she had in mind, and waited with anticipation. 

Her wet fingers moved between my legs, I tried to open them further but was limited because of the trousers. But that didn't stop her, moaning as her wet digit started to caress my anus. Fiona was smiling at me as she saw what was happening to me.

Madge using her free hand guided my cock into her mouth, I then let out a loud groan as she plunged her finger into my ass and deepthroated me at the same time. I just closed my eyes and groaned at the double pleasure I was receiving, my sphincter was pulsing around her finger as she held me down her throat.

Grabbing hold of her head I started to rock my cock in her throat, all the time she was finger fucking me. I can't remember the last time Fiona had done this to me, but this was certainly a blowjob to remember. I was in heaven, and I just kept on groaning as my cock began to swell to bursting point.

I needed to slow this down, I wanted it to last otherwise I was going to blow. So I pulled my cock from her mouth, she gasped for air as soon as her mouth was free. 

With her finger still deeply imbedded in my ass, I told her. "Slow down Madge, I want to enjoy this."

She didn't speak but just nodded her head, and went back to deepthroating me. God if this was slowing down, I wondered at what speeding up would be like. But thankfully she did slow down, she pulled back so that just the tip of my cock was in her mouth. Swirling her tongue around my bell end, whilst removing her finger so that she just teased my ass.

Fiona was getting her fourth fuck of the night as Sam was now banging away at her, Dave was stood next to them as he asked Sam. "Fancy a spit roast?"

"Yeh Dave, why not." Replied Sam.

So he pulled out of Fiona, and they positioned her so that she was now bent forward resting against Dave. With her legs wide open Sam entered her pussy again, whilst Dave fed his cock into her mouth. God what a sight, my slut wife bent over with a cock stuffed in her front and rear. 

As Sam thrust into her, she was pushed forward onto Dave's cock. They soon began to get into a seesaw action, which made her hanging tits rock backwards and forwards.

I was mesmerized by the scene, in fact Madge had started to get into the same rhythm as them. Plunging her finger into my ass as she deepthroated me at the same time. When they speeded up so did Madge, in fact I got to the point where I didn't know who was going to come first.

But seeing my slut wife get spit roasted, and Madge finger fucking my ass as she blew me was too much. I pulled Madge's head into my stomach and emptied my cock down her throat roaring as I came. I held her tight, cock pulsing down her throat as I continued to grunt as each spasm hit me.

But Madge was struggling and she started to push me away, gasping for breath as my cock left her mouth. I was drained, I just stood there knackered as Madge coughed and spluttered at my feet. Her finger finally leaving my ass, I looked down at her and said. "Thanks, that was one hell of a blowjob."

She just smiled at me, not even getting a rest as Fred now offered his cock to her. As she began to service his cock my attention was drawn to Fiona, she was letting out a muffled scream. Sam whilst pulling her ass cheeks apart had wormed his thumb to her anus. The scream was because he'd just forced into her ass, and now she was fully plugged. 
