 Prelude

As Halloween approached I had a delightful feeling of impending fun. I love Halloween like no other holiday. It has none of the pretense of the other holidays and is full of the magic of, if only for a night, transforming ourselves into someone or something quite different from our ordinary selves. I loved to wear masks and slutty clothes showing off my 38 DD breasts, my thick strong waist and my large, but rock hard, ass. I work out religiously during the year but never really have the desire to wear the slinky clothes that passes for fashion in L.A. Only once a year, I feel like I can dress to impress, especially when I can cover my face with a mask, just enough to hide how much I enjoy being lusted after.

Last year, I thought took the cake. When I had come into a big house party, dressed as Dirty Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz, at least four handsome guys at the party had noticeable wood after only moments in my presence. I was single then and should have found true love, or the kind of drunken sex that often passes for true love on Halloween. But instead I ended up going home early with my girlfriend Cheryl. She got a bit too drunk and after her boobs fell out of her costume for the third time, and I found her surrounded by men, who were obviously intent on bad intent, so I decided to save her from impending date rape and sacrifice my Halloween pleasure. I ended up dragging her to her apartment whilst trying to avoid her projectile vomiting. 

So this year I was determined to be more arousing than ever. However things had changed in the last week that made my plans kind of uncertain. First, I had meet a man. While I wasn't sure whether Adam was my boyfriend, we had been seeing each other nearly every day. We hadn't talk of exclusivity, but I could guarantee that he wasn't seeing anyone else. And while I had plenty of offers, its seemed that I had just let everyone else go and was hanging onto Adam like he was a God of love. So what was it about Adam that made me so struck.

His looks were definitely not it. When I first saw his picture on the dating web cite, I sometimes prowl, I almost thought about forgetting the whole thing. He was a big guy, broad shoulders, a big chest, a bit of a belly, but solid everywhere. He looks like a biker or a construction worker, but in fact he is a lawyer. We dated a few times and I really didn't think he was that interested in me. The conversation was great, we laughed, we dined in great restaurants, we saw a couple of great shows. But his sexual attention was slow in coming. He told me on the first date that he never kissed on the first date. I thought it kind of strange, figured he wouldn't call back, but by the time I was home there was already an email saying what a good time he had had. The next date was even more special and as we parted he took me in his arms held me close and kissed me with a deep and dangerous kind of passion. As I opened the door to my place, I thought he would come in, but he just smiled that dirty smile of his and sauntered down the stairs to his car. 

It was on the third date that hell really broke lose. He asked me if I trusted him enough to go to Vegas. Sure, why not, he had been more than a gentleman so far, he had been an outright tease. So when he came to pick me up at 4:00 a.m. last Saturday (he always drove early to avoid the traffic), I was a bit nervous, but mostly tired. He loaded my suitcase, put me in the seat, which was already down, and told me to sleep for a few hours. When I awoke, we were just passed Barstow, I was a bit crabby and thought I must of looked like a wreck.

Adam smiled, "Good morning beautiful," he sighed, looking at me like I was a Goddess. 

"What is wrong with you," I bitched. "It is still 7:00 a.m. and you look like the bird who caught the canary." 

"Well, my little Canary," he whispered, "I just was wondering how sweet a Canary might taste." 

This shut me up for a second, before he broke the silence with his usual humor. "I am sure it tastes just like chicken." 

As I wacked him on the arm, he smiled and told me to lay back and wake up slowly. As I lay there, he reached behind the seat and pulled out of a cooler some yogurt. "Here eat this, you must keep your strength up." 

I ate the delicious smooth yogurt, with grapes, he hand feed to me. Without realizing it, my pussy began to leak, just by thinking about what this man was going to do to me I had become completely aroused. 

As we drove on, I began to doze again. I looked across and noticed that Adam was definitely thinking about the same thing as me, because a tent was forming in his jeans. While his eyes never left the road, his mind was definitely driving in the gutter. This could be an interesting trip, I thought.

When we finally checked in, all I wanted to do was sleep, or at least take off my clothes and lie in bed with this man. But he had other things on his mind. We walked, and talked, gambled a little, we ate a beautiful lunch and strolled around the Bellagio. He took me on a gondola ride at Venice, holding me close the whole time and whispering nasty things he was going to do to me... later. When we were in Caesar's he almost got us arrested. While everyone was watching the moving statutes, he pulled me into a back stair and started kissing me hard. As he squeezed my tits, he delicately pinched my nipples. He stroked down the front of my dress, and slide his thick fingers across my clit, pulling and pushing, making me breath hard and wish we could snap our fingers and be in bed. And then, when the guard came to see what was going on, he lingered at my dress, flashing a nipple at the smiling guard, before Adam apologized profusely, claiming that my beauty had entranced him and swearing to be a better man. The guard let us off with a warning and told us to get to our room. 

I took Adam by the hand, determined to fuck his brains out immediately. But when we got to the strip, he told me firmly that we had one more thing to do before I had my way with him. The show was called Zoomanity and it was an amazing blend of acrobatics, sexual humor and a whole lot of simulated sex. I was amazed and aroused by the whole experience. I couldn't believe my eyes, and when Adam began finger fucking me right in my seat, with a cute tourist from Germany, sitting inches away from me, I got so hot that I knew the whole row could smell my aroused pussy. As I neared a climax, I turned to look Adam in the eyes, but he smiled, and told me he would see it again and again, so why not give our neighbor a treat. I smiled and turned to catch my neighbor staring at the hand under my dress. I made eye contact, and knew instantly that I was going to cum in under a minute. My neighbor moved his hand for me, to show me his exposed cock, hidden by his jacket, that he was slowly stroking. I shivered and Adam stuffed three fingers up my cunt, his pinky in my ass and started to saw all around my clit with his thumb. I went off like a bomb, only prevented from screaming by the kind German man who stuffed his cock sweat covered fingers into my mouth as I gushed and groaned. 

From there, it was like some kind of dream. Before I knew it, Adam was dragging me by the hand, with no where to go but to bed. It was a dream of sucking, and stroking, licking and cumming that took all night. Adam started by making me tell him about the German's eyes, while he slowly licked my pussy and ass. I was leaking like a storm drain in El Nino and he drank my juices while I explained the look in the German's eyes, his trembling hand and his swollen cock. Then Adam pushed me hard on the bed and spun me so my head was hanging over the edge. He kissed me upside down and then slowly raised up, pinning my head back over the side of the bed, and basically mounted my mouth. I always have been a bit scared of this position, because, while I have some cock sucking talent, I certainly can gag if the issue is forced. When I struggled a bit, Adam held my wrists and commanded, ."Trust me."

I did and suddenly my body relaxed. He slipped the thick tip of his cock back and forth across my lips, slowly at first and then with increasing speed. Once in a while he would slide a bit deeper, scary, but never to the point of displeasure. When I tried to use my hand, he slapped my tit, held my wrist and whispered something insane like: "I know you're the Goddess, but obey for now." 

I looked in his eyes and saw something that was always hiding there, something I had recognized from the first meeting, but something that had never been let totally free in my presence. It was like an animal, coming from the eyes, and I knew that if I moved wrong, I could be in trouble, but if I move right, this was going to be amazing. Suddenly I was turned over, like a rag doll. He pulled me onto my stomach, and slid his naked cock into my swollen dripping cunt. I wanted to say something about condoms, I just met him, this wasn't my usual thing, I was on the pill, but, these days.... But suddenly I was stopped by the feeling of being taken. He pulled my upper body off the bed mostly by my hair, as he started to pound with a frenzy into my body. He demanded that I play with my clit, and without the possibility of protest I started to finger myself. He cupped his big paws over my tits and held them like a push up bra. He grabbed my nipples between his fingers and thumbs and began to tune my tits, while he slide relentlessly into me.

Suddenly my senses, as if I had just awoken from a dream, noticed he was saying, or more correctly chanting something as he fucked me hard. I couldn't catch every word, but something like a prayer to a Goddess, a invocation to create love, to stir the cauldron of possibility, to invoke the nameless one, to join the one who becomes. It was not the words, but the rhythm of his speech that seemed to hypnotize me. I felt like I was in a dream and I started to join in the chant... before I knew it I was declaring my undying love, my obedience, I was to be a slave, and was to willingly do or say anything, even to the point of murder, what my lover asked. As I gave myself totally, I heard the chant change and I knew it was time to consummate what we had been dreaming of. I heard Adam moan that he was giving up himself so that our love could begin and I heard myself answer that I would take his power only to give it back for our love. 

As a shudder started in my toes, it spread, like some global warming fueled tsunami up my body. Exactly as the wave reached my cunt, I felt Adam shudder and fill my womb with spurt after spurt of his essence. This made things even more crazy. I started to scream out of control and before I knew it, I was lost to consciousness, only held by his strong arms. Time hung for an unknown period and then I woke to a salty taste and something running down my chin. It was blood, Adam had held his hand to my mouth to prevent police involvement due to my screams and I must have bit right into his wrist. I turned and looked, but there was no sign of pain on Adam's face, only a far away bliss. I lay down, just for a second, and before I knew what was happening... it was morning.

I woke to the smell of coffee. Adam was pouring room service coffee for me and dishing up various sweets for my breakfast. Blood hung on my lips and in my mouth, and I felt like I had been beaten and then given strong narcotics, as my body swooned with pain and with a distinct after glow of pleasure. "Good morning my lover of all things...German."

Adam smiled, with that fucking cute smile of his, and it dawned on me, I was in love with this man. What the fuck was happening to me. I almost choked when he feed me a piece of fruit tart and then answered my unspoken thought. "I love you too darling."

I didn't really know what was going on, but I was going to enjoy the next day and then go home, talk to my girlfriends and figure out what kind of a spell I was under. 

While the sex that weekend was spectacular, it didn't match that first night. I guess only because I didn't lose consciousness and drink my man's blood, but it is those little details that make the difference. Anyway, when I got home, I was a bit sad, because, as a result of my work and Adam's job we were not going to be able to see each other until next weekend, Halloween. I knew that the withdrawal of having something so good was going to be devastating, and to tell the truth, I had come to look forward to his stupid jokes and crooked smile. Anyway, I took some solace in the fact that I was going to work on my costume and see if Adam was even going to be able to leave the apartment on Halloween without tearing off my clothes and having his way with me. 

As the week flew by, I was surprised every day with a little present from Adam. First, flowers, some kind of strange and utterly fragrant lily. The smell wafted throughout my house and seemed to hypnotize me with the fragrance. So familiar, but something I couldn't put my finger, or more precisely, my nose on. Then a basket of oils, to be smeared on my body in the morning, at noon, and before I slept. They too had that same smell and seem to relax me in ways that I had never known before. Finally candy, some kind of strange candied fruit in a liquor that made me dizzy and horny and laugh like an idiot. My week went fast, and I was efficient and charming. All the men paid extra attention to me, the woman wanted to be close to me, I actually was beginning to think some of my friends had gone lesbo the way they wanted to touch my legs, my shoulders and when they spoke to me, they got so close, like they just wanted to reach over and kiss me. In fact, my assistant actually did try and kiss me. Silly girl, 19, and beautiful as they come, she told me she was under my spell. I just laughed, told her Halloween was coming and so she better beware and sent her back to work.

The night before Halloween, I got a strange call from Adam. We talked for a while, had a bit of phone sex and made our plans for the next day. Then he said something strange. "Don't worry if you have some pain tonight. It is all part of the process. Our love will be born in a way that it is too early for you to understand. Just relax, think of my eyes and soon we will be together.... forever." 

Did he say forever. She thought she must be hearing things. Adam laughed and told her to sleep. Soon they would touch and she would know just how important she was to him.

As she tossed in a dream filled sleep, visions of cocks, cocks of all sizes and shapes filled her head and, I guess, filled her body. She awoke having cum in her sleep from a dream of some kind of orgy, she couldn't quite remember the details. But as her breathing slowed and she recovered from her pleasure, a distinct pressure and then pain filled her womb. It felt like something was growing, stretching her from inside. She began to moan and then get really worried, maybe she should call 911, maybe she needed an appendectomy. But she remembered Adam's words and she recalled his soothing eyes. She could almost hear his words, "Relax, let it come, it is good, it will join us together... forever." 

In her mind she heard it clearly: forever. Then as the pressure built to a climax she was paralyzed in pain and fear for a second, and then, as suddenly as it started, the pain ended in a feeling like something was leaving her body. She felt like she was birthing an baby. Her and Adam's baby made from their joined sexual energy. Somewhere deep insider her, she knew she was joined with him forever. As the last of the pressure shot from her pussy, she was surprised by a orgasm that swept over her with no prelude. She actually wept in pleasure and in joy. With the thought that she certainly needed serious counseling, she fell into a deep fulfilling sleep.

Halloween

So the big night had finally arrived. She had decided to go as the wicked witch of the East. This meant, at least in her twisted mind, something like a porn star, with all black leather and a pointy hat. Instead of a mask, she went with heavy makeup which highlighted her dark features and made her look Egyptian. The dress fit so tight, that she actually had to get Cheryl to help her pull it up. Her tits were really just tied up by leather straps and you could see everything. She decided to put shiny stars on her nipples, just so she didn't get arrested. Her broom was something special too. She had carved the tip of the broom handle so it looked like a perfect penis. It was if she was carrying a six foot dildo around. She smiled and Cheryl refused to bet that she would have Adam before he could leave the place. The plan was simple, she had a two parties that she had been invited to, and Adam had said something about a party or something. She figured that they would make an appearance at at least one of the parties and then come home for the real trick and treats....

When she heard the bang on her door, her heart beat fast. She didn't realize, until that moment, how much she had missed Adam. Cheryl flew out the back door and she sauntered to the front door, with an evil grin, prepared to take her man's breath away. The surprise was that she was the one who got the jolt. As she opened the door, she saw something out of a gladiator movie. Adams upper torso was covered in leather and chain. His arms had metal protectors and they dug into his strong huge arms, looking like they actually had drawn blood. He wore leather shorts with hard shin and knee pads covered in a hard skin covering. He wore a large sword, that even at first glance, she knew was real. He was covered with what appeared to be blood and he held a fake, but very realistic bloody human head in his hand. Adam's face was covered with a leather mask, which covered much of his face, just leaving his eyes, and chin to the light. 

As the initial shock wore off, he again startled her by getting on one knee and swearing his undying allegiance to his witch queen. At least he recognized what she was, that was a good start. Suddenly she realized that the sexual tension that she had been feeling was different now. It was something else she felt, fear, hesitation, maybe obedience was the correct word. Her man, in this outfit could command her to do what he wanted, and chances are she would comply. He held out his "bloody" paw to her and she grabbed it. "Where to Mistress," was all he said.

The early part of the evening was fairly routine. She took Adam to meet some of her friends at both parties she had been invited to. Adam was friendly, charming and everyone seemed to like him. But even with his winning personality, his costume obviously made people a bit nervous. Men would step aside without hesitation and all the woman wanted to feel his sword. While she felt a something about the attention he was receiving, she got her share as well, she truly felt comfortable, because she knew in her heart that Adam was hers and she was his, no matter what.

Only as the evening wore on, did things get a little weird. As it approached 11:15, Adam told, not asked, her, "Let's go, we have an appointment with fate." 

As she got in the car, they were silent as Adam drove to a part of downtown Los Angeles, that she would never go, not even in the day time. It was just past the main part of downtown and it consisted of old industrial buildings and warehouses. Every question about where they were going was put off by an almost whispered, "Be patient, you will see."

Finally they rolled to a heavily secured warehouse. The driveway had a camera, and upon driving up, the door automatically opened. The place seemed abandoned, except for a few cars parked outside. Nice cars actually, a Ferrari, a Jag, a couple of Bentley's it was definitely something special. She asked Adam, "Am I dressed too risque," then smiled looking at how Adam was adorned. 
