 The sex in our group has continued to be a wonderful addition. Lisa and I have been able to experience things in our marriage I never thought was possible.  

It is amazing. Ever since we began fucking another couple our marriage has gotten stronger. We are more attentive to each other’s emotional needs in a way that we never were before. The sex is still amazing, but it has entered a whole new level of intamacy and sharing.

We are still getting together with Mike and Sara. After the pool party, we got together the next weekend for a heterosexual threesome night. Mike and I tagteamed each of the girls and they tagteamed the two of us individually also. It was after that evening the relationship went to a new level.

Mike and I had planned a fishing trip for the next weekend. The girls informed us they would get together to avoid being lonely and fuck each other’s brains out. Of course that meant Mike and I would do the same.

That weekend fishing trip was definitely something new for me. I had never been alone with a man before. It was very intimate. Mike and I kissed a lot and the sex was like I had never expected gay sex to be. We took turns fucking each other’s ass missionary style and “cowboy” style. It was so intimate to be able to look in another man’s eyes while fucking him, or him fucking me.

When we returned the four of us shared our “separate swinging” experience. Needless to say, noone was complaining. We decided that anytime two of us wanted to fuck, it would be OK, even if the other spouses were not present.

Actually that did not happen much. When Mike went out of town, Sara came over to our house and when I was out of town, Lisa headed over to their house. The girls were able to get together more often during the day. Due to this, I did not feel as bad having to be away on business. However, Mike and I were not really able to take advantage of this due to our busy work schedules.

Last Sunday, the four of us were at the country club, when Lisa and Sara said they had overhead Angie Simpson and Cindy Paulsen talking at the club about their foursome experiences. Lisa told us they had started talking and decided the eight of us should get together this weekend, if Mike and I were OK with it.

We jumped at the idea of getting to fuck more new pussy, especially since it was Angie and Cindy. Angie was a former model who always turned eyes. She was very petite with a beautiful ass and fake tits that she always wanted to show. Cindy was a little heavier than Angie, Lisa or Sara. However, she had an hourglass figure that looked a lot like Marilyn Monroe’s. She had huge natural tits that I had always wanted to bury my face in.

I told the girls that they would not be dissappointed in the husbands of Angie and Cindy. I had noticed their size in the club shower at different times. Cindy’s husband, Chris, had a dick that looked roughly the same size as mine, maybe a little thicker. However, Angie’s husband, Tim, had a dick that was at least seven inches when it was soft.

The talk about the other couples had us excited. Lisa and I spent the week fantasizing about what would happen when we went to Angie and Tim’s house. Lisa could not wait to get a chance at Tim and Chris’s dicks, while I could not wait to feel Cindy’s real tits and Angie’s fake tits.

Saturday night finally arrived and Lisa and I headed over to Angie’s. We arrived at the same time as Sara and Mike. Sara was wearing a teal halter top that covered very little of her chest and a very short white skirt that looked glued to her hips. She commented on Lisa’s white sheer dress that exposed the fact she was wearing no bra and just a red g-string. Both girls were wearing stilletto heels that made their legs look even longer.

We knocked on the door and Tim let us in. He was staring at Sara and Lisa when Lisa, who has gotten much braver since we began our experiences, gave him a hug and big kiss and began to massage his cock through his khaki shorts. Her other hand was quick to go up his polo shirt to feel his chest. He returned the kiss and pulled Lisa’s ass to him.

About the same time, Angie came around the corner. She was wearing red babydoll outfit. The top opened just below her huge tits and exposed a very flat stomach with a ruby ring in her pierced belly button. The tiny g-string she was wearing pretty much covered only her pussy lips. She had on clear platform heels. The platforms were at least two inches and the stilletto heels were probably six inches. Angie used to model for Frederick’s of Hollywood about eight years ago and it seems as though she has lost nothing compared to the catalogs that Mike and I had seen.

“Hi guys,” Angie said. “Well it looks like Lisa and Tim are already getting to know each other pretty well. Chris and Cindy are in the backroom. Scott and Sara, their waiting for you two. I think I am going to keep Mike for a little bit before we all join you.”

When she finished, she jumped into Mike’s arms and wrapped her legs around his waist. They immediately began kissing. I grabbed Sara hand and we headed to the back of the house.

When we got to the back room I noticed Tim and Angie had set up two sets of movie lights over the couch. Also they had two video cameras set up. I wondered what they hand in mind when Cindy came from the kitchen holding two drinks.

“Hi Scott. I fixed you scotch and water,” she said. At the same time, Chris was giving a drink to Sara.

Cindy was wearing a emerald green satin chemise top that was probably a size to small for her tits since they were being pushed up so high. The top stopped just above her belly button to expose a flat stomach, which was highlited by an emerald belly button ring. She too was wearing a g-string that covered very little of her pubic region. The outfit accentuated her curves perfectly and the same type heels that Angie was wearing made her legs go on forever.

She handed me the drink and I reached over with my other hand and pulled her into me. We began to kiss and our hips naturally began to grind into each other. Sara and Chris were busy doing roughly the same thing.

Before long the other four were entering the room. I noticed all four of us guys had bulges in our pants. While the girls were better able to hid it, I know their pussies were ready also.

“OK guys, let’s not get carried away to quickly,” Angie announced. “We have some pretty hot plans for the night that include that setup over there.”

She pointed to the cameras and lights as she picked up a drink off of the table. Angie and Cindy had planned this very carefully it seemed. I wonder how much Lisa and Sara were in on the planning as well.

“We are going to play porno night,” Cindy continued where Angie left off. “The four of us girls...” I knew Lisa was in on this, which of course made me harder. “...were wondering how to couple everyone off, but it seems as though it has happened naturally.

“We will have one couple on the couch being the stars of the show,” she continued as her hand reached behind her and began to massage my ball region. “Another couple will be co-directors of the scene, while another couple will be filming the action on the couch. The final couple will be prop stagers, which will be the couple that just finished being the stars so they can catch their breath.”

“We have a program on our computer that we can edit the films together,” Angie said. “So later, maybe tomorrow, we will edit the action and burn it to some DVDs for the party favors of tonights event.”

“I was in charge of the script,” Lisa jumped in with. “Its pretty simple and not difficult to remember the lines, but I didn’t want to take away from the fucking with a bulky script.”

She got out four pieces of paper out of her purse. She unfolded the papers and handed one to each couple. I had to pull my hand out of Cindy’s panties to get the paper. As Lisa handed me the paper, she gave me a grin that said she had got one over on me. 

I was so turned on by the fact the four girls and set all of this up without the guys knowing what was going on. Tim probably did not know about all of this until this afternoon when he probably helped Angie set up the camera equipment.

“Know all we have to do is figure out the roles for the first film,” Sara explained as it was know her turn to explain what she had done to prepare. “Since we already know what the couples will be, I have devised a little game to ge the roles handed out. 

“There will be a regular rotation for the roles after the first set,” she continued. It was impressive to hear the amount of detail and thought the girls had given to this evening. “For instace, the first directors will then become the second cameramen, and then the third stars and then the final prop people.”

“The game will be a neat version of musical chairs,” Lisa explained. “Each couple will be tied together at the waist and the feet. The first couple to not get the chair will be the first prop people. Second couple to lose the first camera people. The third couple will be the first directors and the winner of the game will be our first stars.”

As Lisa was explaining this, Cindy has already grabbed the silk ropes and began to tie our ankles together. After she finished that, I had to help her to her feet and she tied our waists together. We all checked to make sure each couple was adequately tied together and the chairs were set up.

After that, Angie had the remote control in her hand and the music began to play. Cindy and I navigated around the chairs carefully. However, Chris and Sara were not so agile. They fell on the floor and they were unable to get themselves back standing up. When Angie stopped the music, the other three couples were able to get to the chairs and sort of sit down. 

Sara took over the remote and Chris removed a chair. Soon the music was on again. When the music stopped, Cindy and I struggled to the chairs. We would not have got to one in time, but Angie and Mike misnavigated the chair and fell off as they were trying to sit down, which allowed us to sit down.

In the final game, Cindy and I got our legs tangled and fell down. We were unable to get to our feet and Tim and Lisa won, which meant they would be the first stars of the evening and I would get to direct my wife in her porn star debut.

Tim and Lisa took a second to look over their lines. Tim told us to not worry about talking during the scene because he would be able to edit out all of the voices except for those of the stars. I told Angie and Mike to have one camera filming the dialogue from behind Lisa and the other behind Tim and to keep an angle to not film the other camera.

We were ready for the action. Tim took his place on the couch and Lisa moved away from the lights. Cindy said action and the cameras began to roll.

Lisa walked into the camera view looking hot in her sheer dress that was even more see-through under the bright lights. Tim stood up to greet her.

“Hello,” Tim said. “What can I do for you?”

“Well, I think I need your help for me to reach a challenge I have set for myself.”

“What can I do to help, maam?”

“I have challenged myself to fuck as many men as possible in the next month and I was wondering if you could help me?”

“I have never been asked anything like that before, but I guess I will be able to help you. Besides you look very fuckable. Anyway, how many days have been working on this challenge and what number am I?”

“Well, I just challenged myself this morning and you will be the first,” replied Lisa as she moved in closer to Tim and grabbed his cock. “I guess we will have to get this thing good and hard in order for you to help me.”

Lisa and Tim began to kiss each other while their hands were all over each other’s body. Cindy told Tim to get the dress of Lisa and kiss her all over. I told Angie to keep a closeup of whatever Tim was doing with his mouth and I told Mike to keep a wide angle of the two.

Soon, Tim had Lisa’s g-string off. Cindy told him to bend her over and lick her pussy from behind. Tim buried his face into her. Lisa began to moan and move her pussy back into Tim. Tim was licking like it was the last pussy he was ever going to taste in his life. I was making sure Angie and Mike were getting good pictures. It seemed odd that I was more concerned with the cameras than watching my wife get her pussy licked.

After Lisa had a big orgasm, I told her to sit Tim on the couch and get his clothes off. When she pulled his underwear down I was surprised to see him only half hard. However, half hard was still about 6 or 7 inches. Cindy told Lisa to suck his dick until it was ready to be mounted.

After about five minutes, Tim’s dick was a full 9 or 10 inches long and probably 2 inches thick. I told Lisa to mount it reverese cowgirl so we could get a good look at that cock stretching her pussy wide. Angie zoomed in on the penetration while Mike continued to get the wide angle.

It took a little bit, but Lisa soon had all of Tim in her and was beginning to bounce on it with a quick pace. Tim’s hands were on her hips helping her keep rythym. Lisa’s face was full of pleasure. However, the position quickly tired Lisa out. Cindy told her to get on her knees and lean over on the couch while Tim entered her from behind.

The fucking increased in pace as Tim slammed his hips into Lisa. The slapping sound was only topped by Lisa’s moans. Cindy sensed that Tim was about to cum and told him to pull out and cum on Lisa’s back. When he came, he shot sperm all the way up Lisa’s spine. Most of it settled on the small of her back and some trickled down the crack of her ass.

“One down and many more to go,” Lisa said, finishing her lines. With that, the first shoot was over. I was rock hard and I noticed that Mike and Chris had huge bulges in their pants also. 

The prop people’s job it turned out was to clean up the mess. Chris and Sara took the towels and cleaned off the stars of the first performance. I quickly noticed that Sara cleaned the cum off Lisa while Chris wiped off Tim’s cock. I wondered if I was going to be able to experience Tim’s cock also or did what Chris wiping off Tim’s cock just an accident since Sara wiped off Lisa.

Tim and Lisa took their seat to recover as we changed our positions. Angie and Mike were going to be directed by Chris and Sara while Cindy and I filmed.

Sara told me to keep the closup view of everything and Cindy would keep the long view. Angie and Mike went through their lines and were soon kissing. As directed, Mike sat down on the couch and Angie went to her knees and pulled Mike’s cock out of his pants. Just like Tim’s earlier, Mike was only about half hard. I can not believe that after everything that was happening, Mike could not be fully erect. I know I was.

Angie began to suck his dick to full erection. I had the closeup shot with my camera. She alternated between taking him all in her mouth and licking up and down the shaft. Her left hand was jerking him off and her right hand was massaging in between his legs. While Angie was doing this, Mike had reached over her and pushed her g-string aside and was fingering her pussy and asshole.

Chris told them to switch positions. Sara told Mike to get in front of her and stick his cock in her. Soon they were fucking like crazy. I kept the closeup action and seeing Mike’s cock go in and out of Angie’s pussy in my LCD display was getting me even more turned on. Angie put both legs on Mike’s shoulders, which gave me an even better closeup.

Angie finally had her top removed and her fake d-cup breasts were pointing straight in the air as Mike bent over to kiss her nipples.

The directors told them to change positions. Both of them stood up and Mike began to fuck Angie from behind and she leaned over. They continued to fuck like wild. Soon, Mike was ready to cum. Chris told him to pullout and for Angie to turn around so Mike could cum on her tits, which he did about a minute later.

Angie said her last line, Sara told her to put some cum on her finger and put it in Mike’s mouth. With that the second scene was over.

Lisa and Tim jumped up with the towels and ready to direct. Cindy and I took a second to look over the lines and it was our turn. Mike and Angie went off to the side to recover and Chris and Sara took over the cameras.

Standing under the lights, I realized why Tim and Mike had not been fully erect. I was nervous to know everyone was going to watch me and Cindy. Those nerves began to kill my erection.

We began with our lines and began to kiss. Cindy was massaging my dick through my shorts, but my nerves were still winning. Tim told us to get each other’s clothes off. My job was easy. I slid Cindy’s chemise top over her head to expose the largest natural breasts I had ever seen. Her g-string came off with no problem also. Cindy expertly removed my shirt and shorts, while I kicked off my sandals. She had me out of my silk thong very quickly and we were both naked, except for Cindy’s heels.

Cindy was still stroking my half-hard cock. I could start to feel it reviving, but my nerves were still there since I could still see everyone watching us..

Lisa directed me to lie on the couch and for Cindy to sit on my face. As she lowered herself down, I eagerly had my tongue out to taste her. She tasted so sweet. She had eagerly been awaiting this since she was so moist and hot. She was circling her hips as I darted my tongue in and out of her pussy.

Cindy then lowered herself down to my cock to complete the 69 position. She took me in her mouth and I could feel my erection building back again. I was soon lost in the feelings of eating her while she sucked me that I forgot we were being watched.

After about five minutes, Lisa told Cindy to turn around and fuck me. As she entered me, she was sitting up and I had a beautiful view. Her tits, her stomach, her hair and her eyes seemed to all be perfectly sculpted on her and she was putting my dick in her pussy.

She lowered herself half way down to me and I sat up partially to have a faceful of tits in my face. I was meeting her every move with my own thrusts and soon I layed all the way back. She lowered herself further to where her tits were against my chest. As we fucked, our tongues explored each other’s mouth.

I was completely lost to the fact we were being filmed and watched by six other people. Chris instructed us to swith position and he wanted to see me titty fuck his wife. Cindy rolled off of me and I got up to allow her to lay down. She pushed her tits together and I moved my dick in between them.

I slowly moved between her tits. My dick was so wet from her pussy that it slid easily in and out between her tits. Cindy started to lick the head of my cock as it moved toward her face each time. The feeling was wonderful. It did not take long before I was shooting cum between her tits. The force of the ejaculation sent some cum on her face, but most of it rolled out of my cock and to her upper chest and neck.

Mike and Angie brought towels over to wipe us off. After we were cleaned off, I was spent. I was glad that the stars of the show were allowed to recover and I went over to the loveseat and collapsed onto it. Cindy did the same right next to me.

The final scene began with the other six doing their parts, but I was not paying any attention. I asked Cindy if she wanted to do some shots of tequila. We went into the kitchen to get our shots. We did one each in the kitchen and then poured another. We did our second shots back in the room. 

Once we got back into the room, I was paying attention to Sara and Chris fuck under the lights. Cindy was watching too and seeing her husband fuck Sara was getting her ready to go again. We sat next to each other naked on the loveseat watching. Her hand was on my thigh, and my hand was on her hip. 
