 My birthday was fast approaching and my husband Dick had not mentioned a word about it. Granted, we are both very busy with our work but in the past we've always taken a weekend to celebrate our birthdays. Dick has been so immersed in his work this last week that he hasn't even taken time out for sex...and that is very unusual for us.

Generally we are very sexually active. We both enjoy watching adult movies and replaying as many of the activities as possible. I've often told him that I'd love to be the star of a good gang-bang scene. He's always responded saying he'd love to be the clean-up crew!

We've often talked about the possibility of me finding a date, fucking his brains out and returning home to have Dick clean me with his mouth. 

That's why I was concerned. It just wasn't like him to not be constantly horny.

The morning of my birthday I woke up to find Dick had already left. I went in to wash my face and found an envelope by the sink. I quickly washed my face and proceeded to open the envelope.

The note inside read: 

"Marci, I'm sorry I've been so busy this week but I haven't forgotten you. Happy Birthday.

There's a box under your side of the bed with some things I'd like to have you put on after you shower.

There will be a driver to pick you up at 10:30 this morning.

I love you, 

Dick"

I knew I should shower first but I couldn't help myself. I ran back to the bed to fetch the box!

It was a large box, about the size you'd expect would contain a big fluffy bathrobe. I pulled the ribbon off and lifted the lid.

"Oh my!" I said out loud.

The box contained a beautiful pair of thigh-high black patent leather lace-up boots with stiletto heels, bright red stockings and a matching garter belt, a gorgeous red-leather cup-less corset and a note saying that the driver would give me the rest of my outfit when he arrived.

I took the box back with me to the bathroom. I still had an hour and a half before the car would be here but I couldn't wait to shower and try on this outfit!

I showered away and cleaned everything thoroughly as I expected that at some point there'd be an "inspection." I shaved my legs and armpits but didn't stop there. I shaved my pussy completely, leaving only a heart shaped patch above my lady parts. I finished with a long gentle massage of my pussy, just to get my juices flowing for what looked to be a fun birthday.

I stepped out of the shower, dried myself and did some necessary brushing and preening... Then I started putting on the pieces of the sexy outfit that I'd be calling my "birthday suit."

First I put on the garter belt and stockings. They felt so sexy as the silk caressed my long smooth legs. I attached the garter and gazed at myself in the mirror. I couldn't help but admire myself, I looked so pretty with the red stockings and garter framing my smooth pussy with the perfect little heart above it! I touched myself again.

Next I laced on the corset. It was so shiny and so brightly colored red. It squeezed a little but not to a point of discomfort. It was cup-less but had shaping panels that pushed up my breasts just a little "I'm young again!" I thought to myself as I looked at my now perky tits settled above my sexy torso. My nipples were hard as rocks.

Now I pulled on the boots and laced them up to just below my knees. 

I tied a bright red bow in my long blonde hair, added some crimson lipgloss and I was done.

I stood back and admired the beautiful slut in the mirror. Gawd she was beautiful!

I hardly recognized myself as I gazed at this beauty in the high-heeled boots, garter and corset. My shape was perfect as these garments corrected what I usually see as my flaws and the bright shiny leather just looked hot! My breasts and crimson lips looked delicious.

I couldn't stop staring and wondering what exactly my husband had in mind...

The doorbell rang and snapped me out of my trance. I turned and headed for the door. In my excitement I had failed to realized that I was still practically naked but it was too late when I did because the driver was right there looking at me through the window beside the door.

So there I stood in my high heeled boots with my bald pussy and uplifted tits fully exposed. I'm sure I turned a brighter red than my corset.

The driver was my husband's regular driver Willy. He is a tall, muscular black man dressed in his fresh pressed uniform and hat. He looked very attractive. I have to confess that I had spent a good deal of time on numerous occasions fantasizing about what it would be like to undress this fine chiseled man. 

I paused as my embarrassment faded. I thought to myself "Dick wouldn't have set this up like this unless he was thinking I'd like Willy for my birthday..."

Willy buzzed in on the intercom "Ma'am, I have the rest of your outfit and a note from your husband."

"Oh my gawd..." I thought to myself "Willy IS my birthday present!" What a great husband!

I opened the door and brought Willy in. He handed me a box and told me to put it on the table until after I'd read the note. I placed the box on the table and turned to face Willy as I opened the note.

"Happy Birthday honey" it read "please take care of Willy before he delivers you to your next destination. I'm sure that he's sporting some serious wood looking at you right now and I don't want him driving in that condition."

I glanced from the note to a quick look at Willy's package and instantly recognized the outline of his wood. My eyes raised and looked into his eyes and I slowly dropped to my knees. He opened his jacket as I released his belt buckle and lowered his zipper. I was becoming unbearably excited as I thought about the fact that I was moments away from seeing my first black penis! I lowered his slacks and grasped the waistband of his boxers. I took a deep breath and slowly pulled down the final layer of fabric separating me from my treasure...

I will honestly say I was not disappointed. His pubic hair was short and curly but everything else down there was long and straight. As his cock came into view I was awestruck by the dark color and thickness. It stuck straight out as it sprang free. It wasn't the "2x4" I'd feared it may be but it was larger than any cock I'd sucked before - and he was ROCK HARD!! 

I grabbed ahold of him with both hands and began to stroke as I adjusted my position to make it possible to take him in my mouth.

When I was ready I slowly lowered my mouth to his cock. His helmet was large and so hot. It was all I could do to engulf this monster in my mouth. I licked and stroked as I gradually pushed him further into my mouth. It was difficult to breathe as I was almost choked by his wonderful monster. I grasped his large balls and pulled on them like a handle pulling me further and further down his shaft. After several minutes my nose was finally pushing against his pubic hair. He smelled so manly and sexy. I began to taste his pre cum as I took him in and out of my mouth. He was breathing heavily now and beginning to moan.

My pussy was now soaking wet and I wondered if I should change this up and have him fuck me silly.

Too late!

"Oh gawd, I'm cumming!" Willy moaned.

Within seconds my mouth was filled with warm salty liquid. I felt his strong spurts in the back of my throat, then in my mouth, and then he pulled back and spurted his last few shots on my face and tits. 

He then lifted me up. (He was so strong.) He placed me on the table, licked his cum off of my face and tits, and then he laid me back and began to lick my soaking pussy. He was a master of pussy licking and had me squirming immediately. It seemed like only moments before I was convulsing, screaming and cumming all over his face.

Oh my gawd. What a birthday!!

He stood up and helped me off the table and back onto my feet.

I fetched us each a glass of water and went about opening the box with the rest of my outfit. Willy pulled up his trousers and put himself back in order as he watched to see what I would find in the box.

In the box I found a beautiful red overcoat. It was cashmere, double breasted with two rows of gold buttons buttoning to the neck, and a wide belt. It flared out at the bottom and its length covered my thighs to just above the tops of my stockings when I put it on. I spun around and watched Willy's face. It showed definite approval! Looking in the mirror I watched myself pirouette on my stiletto heels. My thighs were exposed to just below my pussy and my breasts were now covered. I was "decent" as long as I didn't bend over and was careful getting out of the car... And gawd did I feel sexy!

There was also a small red pouch with golden drawstrings in the box. I opened the pouch to find a silver butt plug with a ruby on the flat end and a small bottle of lube. The enclosed note instructed me to hand the contents to Willy and make myself accessible.

I handed the butt plug and lube to Willy and said "Be gentle." I turned and bent just a little at the waist. I heard the pop of the lube bottle opening and waited in anticipation. I've never before had a butt plug inserted by another person so I was quite nervous.

Willy touched my anus with his lubed finger. The lube felt cold initially but as Willy gently massaged circles around my back door I began to warm up to the sensations. Willy applied another dose of lube to his finger and resumed his manipulation of my anus and sphincter. The third time he added lube his finger didn't stop when it touched my sphincter but instead continued on in until it was deep in my ass. I couldn't believe how good it felt. He had just the right touch and he knew just how to treat a lady. He continued to finger me with first one and then two fingers. Then his thumb found my clit and I began to experience the first of many birthday orgasms! 

By the time I was finished shaking my legs were weak and Willy was telling me that we'd be leaving as soon as he washed up. 

That little dickens had inserted the butt plug in the midst of my orgasm and I didn't even detect it until he was off washing up!

He had his cell phone out when he returned and he said "One more thing..." as he touched something on his phone the triggered a vibration in the plug! 

Oh my gawd!!

As we drove Willy would turn the plug on and off randomly until I had created a huge wet spot. It was becoming an uncomfortable place to sit by the time we arrived at the hotel. As the door was opened and the bellman helped me out I'm sure he couldn't help but notice the puddle I left behind.

I went to the desk and was given another envelope. This one contained a room key and a note saying "Happy Birthday- enjoy! Love, Dick."

Willy and the bellman, Bryan, escorted me to the room. 

Bryan was an athletic looking young man with deep blue eyes that sparkled like diamonds. He had broad shoulders and a strong torso. His thighs were thick and muscular, so much that even his slacks didn't hide it.

By now I had become a sex-crazed animal and Willy was really taking advantage of me with the vibrator remote control!

We arrived at the room and I used my key to open the room. When I opened the door I found lights and cameras and a full film crew surrounding a big round bed with a mirror above it. It looked like the opening scene from the coolest porno ever! My husband is the best!

I ran right over and sat on my knees in the middle of the bed, just like those young girls in the "casting" videos. The director asked me my name and I answered "Piper." (I didn't know if this was going to be broadcast worldwide so I thought better of using my real name.)

"Piper, tell us a little about yourself and what kind of activities you would like to perform in for our movie today." She said.

"Well..." I said with a devilish smile and one finger tugging at the corner of my lower lip "my name is Piper and I'm 18 today and a virgin" I continued "I'd really like to have some of these men that are surrounding me take off their clothes and allow me to play with some cocks for my birthday!"

"Gentlemen?" She said as the cameras rolled...

While the men undressed I removed my overcoat and tossed it aside. 

Willy didn't take long to get naked and join me on the bed and since I'd already had his beautiful cock in my mouth I offered up my sopping wet pussy as I reached out and grabbed Bryan's huge cock pulling him towards me as I lay on the bed. 

Bryan's cock was huge, but not as fat as Willy's so I was able to engulf him and take him in my throat without too much trouble. He too was hard as steel and his strong veins throbbed in my mouth. I loved the flavor and the heat and strength of Bryan's penis. Soon I was sucking and fondling his balls. I simply couldn't get enough of him in my mouth. I wanted to suck him forever!

Willy gently worked the fat head of his cock all up and down the slit of my sopping pussy until finally I had to push backwards until I felt his huge black manhood split my pussy in two! Gawd I felt full! I pushed until my butt was pressed against his thighs. Just then he turned on the remote and I was sent into a fuck-fest frenzy! I moved my body so that as I pulled off of Bryan I pushed onto Willy. I bounced like a sexy rag doll between them. Bryan's cock tasted so good as he began to leak pre cum into my mouth. Willy was now slamming his huge meat into me with such fury that the whole room was filled with sucking and slapping noises! 

I heard Jill, the director cheering me on "Oh gawd Piper!! Fuck those big boys! You're fantastic!! Gawd you're hot!" Then she shouted "Flip her over boys, we've got another cock that needs a place to fuck!"

Willy pulled out and laid on the bed while one of the cameramen got undressed to join me. Then I straddled Willy's cock and took him deep again without letting go of Bryan's cock. Now I was sucking on Bryan as he straddled Willy's head. Willy was fucking me from below and licking Bryan's balls every time they got close to his face. 

"Neither of them will last much longer" I thought to myself.

Then Cash, the cameraman, climbed up behind me, popped out my butt plug and without notice pushed his cock deep into my now wide open ass hole.

That did it. Suddenly I was in the throws of an epic orgasm! I was shaking and convulsing. I was still fucking and sucking. Jill was still encouraging me loudly and out of the corner of my eye I watched another cameraman jack himself off sending white ribbons across the room. It was truly a frenzy now!

As I continued to cum and convulse I was screaming even as I sucked on Bryan. He was feeling my screams and my tongue and at the same time Willy had sucked one of his balls into his mouth. This was just too much for Bryan and he commenced to filling my throat and mouth with his white-hot semen. What I couldn't take dribbled out the corner of my mouth and down his cock to Willy's waiting mouth. That put Willy over the top! He released his cream deep in my pussy just as Cash filled my bowels with his man-milk. 

The cameras still rolled as the men climbed off the bed and I laid down on my back. There I was. Still dressed in boots and stockings and garter belt and corset. Cum leaking from my mouth, my pussy and my ass. 

"Gawd you look beautiful" Jill said as she pulled off her dress and climbed into a 69 with me.

Her pussy was so hot and dripping. I knew at that moment that I was a hit in my first porno!

Jill licked my clitty until I was cumming again and she released a gusher on my face as she joined me in a mutual orgasm.

Euphoria had set in and I closed my eyes as Jill, her crew and Willy & Bryan packed up and left the room. 

In the quiet I relived each and every moment of my birthday so far. I must have dozed off because when I opened my eyes again Dick had joined me on the bed. He was looking me over and caressing me as he smiled. I smiled back.

"Looks like I've got some cleaning to do here." A big grin came across his face as he leaned in and kissed the dried cum off my face. He moved down and cleaned Willy's remnants of cum from my chest and then went down and sucked and licked Willy's and Cash's cum from my pussy and ass. He licked until I came again.

"Happy Birthday my dear" he said.

"Don't you want me to take care of your cock?"

"Oh honey. I just came three times watching the video of you fucking those boys and Jill!"

We've watched the film a hundred times since! 

I can honestly say I've never looked more sexy!

I can't wait to watch it again!