 I almost passed them by, but I've always been a sucker for two girls standing on the side of the road in the rain. I pulled over and asked if they needed a lift.

"Yes, please," the bark one said, leaning through my window. I tried to keep my eyes on hers, but they drifted down to her nipples poking through her light blouse. "We've been locked out of our dorm and were walking to our friend's house. But I don't think she's even in."

"No problem, I'll give you a lift. Get in."

They got in the back, giggling and plucking at their shirts. It didn't help, and the soaked cotton clung to their young bodies. The blonde introduced herself as Claire and her friend as Mai. Claire was dark and curvy, like a young Salma Hayek, while Mai had a classic Asian beauty about her – pale, willowy, with coquettish eyes. I divided my attention between the road and my rearview.

"So, you're at the college?" I said, trying to think of what you would say to two girls 15 years younger than you. "What year are you in?"

"Oh, we're freshmen," replied Mai. "Well, freshwomen, I guess." They giggled at that and I gave them an encouraging chuckle. "We just started last month."

Claire leaned forward, stretching her shirt across her chest. Her nipples were clear and dark through the light cotton, even with just the dashboard lights. Full, and they probably wouldn't need a bra until she graduated. My knuckles tightened a bit. "Take a left up here. She's the third house on the right."

I turned up the street, but all the houses were dark.

"Shit," Mai said, leaning over Claire to look out the window, "I guess she's not in." They both flopped back, pouting. God, this was too obvious to work.

"Hey, you're welcome to hang out at my place until she gets back. Give her a call on your cell and ask her to call back when she's home."

They smiled, and I thought back on all the good things I'd done to deserve this. Mai called their friend and left her a message while I moved my car as quickly as I dared back to my house.

We got home and I sat them down in my living room. They made approving noises about the house, and tended to call me "Mister", which I decided I liked. I got out a pair of oversized sweat shirts for them to change into, and left the room, gentleman-like, to get some drinks while they changed.

"Sorry, I've only got whiskey," I shouted from the other room as I hid my wine and beer. "That OK? It'll warm you up."

"Sounds, great, Mister," Claire called back, and then there was a little cascade of giggles. 

I've always had a thing for beautiful girls in sweatshirts, and now I knew why. There's nothing like a young body with a shirt stopping just below the ass and hanging from a round pair of tits. Except maybe two bodies. They had draped their shirts and skirts across the back of some chairs. Mai's bra lay obviously across her blouse. And Claire's heavy sweatshirt was no match for her nipples, which still pushed against the fabric. I got a grip on myself and didn't drop to my knees and begin chewing on them. Mai's legs were tucked up under her on the couch and so I sat across.

They took a sip and managed to control their grimace at the hot liquor.

"So, what are you studying? What do you want to get out of college?" As I spoke I realized I sounded like an ass and took a long pull on my drink.

Mai and Claire looked at each other and gave little sly smiles

"Well, Claire's gonna be pre-med, and I'm studying mechanical engineering." I took another quick drink to cover my surprise. The danger in judging a book by its cover. "But what we really want to learn is how to be dirty."

"Dirty?"

Claire nodded. "Filthy. Slutty. The kind of girls who are really popular at parties."

Now I nodded. Slowly. Trying to accept what I had just heard.

"I would think that would be easy to learn at you school."

Claire looked down and fiddled with the edge of her sweat shirt. The hem rose noticeably up her smooth legs to the tops of her thighs. I had to shift in my seat to get comfortable again.

"Well," she said, "we don't wan to learn it at school from those boys. We don't want them talking about how they taught us. We want to know it. And then show them."

"Can you help us, Mister?" Mai looked doey at me. And parted her legs wide enough to show me the clean white of her panties.

""Yes. Yes I can."

"Then take us to your bed room."

I stood up and turned quickly so that my hard cock wasn't too obvious. The girls moved quickly behind me and lightly pressed their bodies against me. A full, soft tit on my left and a hard small one on my right, I walked more quickly.

In my bedroom, they spun me around and pushed me onto the bed. "What should we do now?" Claire asked, propping her hands on her hips and cocking her head to one side.

"Show me what you've figured out so far." They smiled at that and turned on each other.

Mai tugged Claire's shirt over her head. Her body was magnificent. Luscious, but firm. Still conquering gravity with full tits that pointed upwards topped with hard, thumb-sized nipples. Her ass was tight, holding a smooth curve from the small of her back to her long legs. A red thong rose from between her ass-cheeks and circled her waist, dipping in a small V over her pussy. Mai spun her under her fingers, running her nails lightly across her skin. Both nipples crinkled sharply, and a small damp spot appeared on her thong. She grabbed Mai and pushed her to her knees.

"This is the night, my little slut. Are you ready?" Mai nodded, with a little smile turning up the corners of her mouth.

"Yes. I want it." With that, Claire reached down and sharply pulled Mai's shirt up, catching her arms in it and twisting them behind her back in a tight bond. Mai had a delicate, small body, with tiny tits, and little pebbly nipples. Her ass was flat, with a distinct dimple curved in into each cheek. She clenched her ass around her little white thong, drawing it tightly against her pussy. Claire stood in front of her and spread her legs.

"Take my panties off. No hands." Mai pushed her face into Claire's pussy, trying to grab at the snug fabric with her full lips. It was too tight against Claire's cunt and she couldn't get a grip.

"Come on, you fucking Asian whore! Get them off me before I get pissed." Mai tried harder, worrying at the fabric, but still couldn't find a hold. Finally, she hooked her tongue around they edge and was able to catch it in her small white teeth. She pulled the thong down Claire's long legs. It caught in her ass, and Mai rose up to draw it from between her cheeks. Claire stepped out of them. Her pussy was closely cropped in a little wedge, pointing to her pink cunt lips that poked out from between her legs.

"Good pet. My slutty pet. That was good." Claire gently stroked her face. "Now bend over and take yours off, too."

Mai untangled her arms from behind her back and turned around, thrusting her ass at me. Claire came and sat next to me on the bed. She undid my shirt and ran her fingers across my chest, tugging at my nipples.

Legs straight, Mai bent at the waist which spread her ass cheeks open and I could see the little white thong running over her little asshole. She ran her hands up her legs and slipped her fingers under the waist band, then slowly slid it down her legs. It caught on her feet and she lifted them from the fabric. Claire had moved her hand down to my cock and was stroking it lightly through my pants. Still bent over, Mai spread her legs so she could watch me as she moved her hands up across her bare pussy. Spreading the lips so I could see the moisture collecting on the edges. She slipped a finger into her cunt and then sucked it into her mouth, watching me. She suckled at her finger, and when it was wet and sloppy, she ran it over her little pink asshole, making it glisten. She dipped it into her tight hole. Once, twice, until she was in to her second knuckle. Drawing the finger out of her ass, she brought it to her mouth and licked it like a lollipop.

I had to remember to breath.

Claire had unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out.

"Mmmmm, this is a nice cock," she purred, leaning her head against my neck. "I can't wait for you to teach us what to do with it, Mister. Will you let us suck it? Did you know that we're just 19? Do you want to see our 19-year old lips wrapped around your hard cock? Will you let us eat your cum? Please? If we're really good and do everything you say, will you cum in our mouths, so we can share it?"

"We'll see," I said, standing up. I had to get control of this situation. "Claire, undress me." She smiled and tugged hard on my shirt, popping the last few buttons.

"Sorry," she whispered, slyly. She quickly undid my belt and pants, yanking them to the floor. My cock popped out. Mai let out a little moan, and her hand wandered to her cunt. Her index finger started strumming her clit.

"Stop that, you slut," I snapped at her. "You only get to cum when I let you cum. Clear? Your body is mine tonight. You're just a mouth, pussy, and asshole for me to fuck, OK?" Her eyes widened a little bit at the mention of her asshole, but she nodded and moved her band back to her side.

I turned back to Claire. "What the fuck are you smirking about, whore? You're no better. In fact, tonight, I'm going to let Mai control you. All that shit you've pulled on her over the last month is coming back to you know, so I hope you're ready. Are you ready?"

"Yes," she replied, meekly.

"What?" I snapped.

"Yes, mister."

"OK then, let's get started. Let's see what you know about sucking cock, Claire. Mai – I want you to get Claire's pussy and asshole as wet as possible. I have some ideas. Claire. Come her and get you fuck whore knees."

Claire knee-walked over to me, her tight 19-year tits barely jiggling as she moved. She looked at me with her big dark eyes.

"Please, Mister, let me suck your cock. I want you to teach me how to do it right, ok? Please?"

How could I resist? I stood over her with my cock dangling in front of her lips. She was actually drooling as she looked at it. "Begin, slut."

She swallowed me in one gulp. I worked hard at remaining impassive, but she was sucking my cock beautifully, working it around with her tongue and nibbling at it with lips. I looked up at Mai to distract myself.

"Get between her legs, you Asian slut. Start licking. Pussy and asshole. I want them good and wet."

"But you said I would get to control her…."

"Shut up, you whore! You will. But for now start licking or I'll take your ass dry."

Mai dropped between Claire's legs and Claire pushed her pussy down on her face. She gave a little smirk around my cock. I pulled out.

"Damn, bitch, I thought you said you knew how to suck cock! That was fucking pathetic – I should just kick you sluts out and jerk off myself."

She looked genuinely crestfallen.

"No mister, please don't! I'll do better! I promise – I'm just young, remember? I'll learn, I promise – just show me."

I pretended to ponder this as I watched her struggle not to grind her young cunt down on Mai's pretty face.

"OK, I'll give you one more chance," she relaxed a little. "Lie down on the bed, face up, with your head hanging off the edge. Mai, go downstairs and get three bottles of beer from the fridge."

Mai scrambled up and I watched her little ass bounce down the hall while Claire got onto the bed, dangling her head at cock height.

I looked down at her as a big drop of pre-cum gather at the end of cock and dribbled onto her forehead. She didn't try to wipe it off. I admired that.

"I'm going to show you how a man likes to have his cock sucked, but I have to warn you, it may be a little difficult at first. Just breathe when you can and you'll be fine. I don't want to restrain you, but I will if you can't keep your hands down, OK?"

She looked a little wide-eyed, but she nodded.

"Open up," and she split her lips around my cock. I pushed it smoothly into her mouth, and didn't stop even as she jerked when it forced its way into her throat. I was impressed – she was controlling her gagging and hadn't started jerking yet. I slipped out.

"That's it, my cock sucking bitch, that's a good job." Claire gave me a big smile and I slipped my cock down her throat again. Drool was collecting in the corners of her mouth as I worked my cock in and out of her throat. I pressed my balls tight against her forehead on the downstroke, tight enough so that they ached, and let her take two gasps of air when I pulled out. Now we were both ready to get to work.

Claire's big tits were heaving with the workout, and sweat was gathering between them. I reached down and grabbed two handfuls of titflesh and thrust myself into her mouth, pulling on her tits to get leverage. Claire gave a glug of surprise as I yanked on her sensitive tits. Sliding my fingers up, I got a firm grip on her big nipples and pulled on them as I sawed in and out of her throat. She started pitching about on the bed and I remembered to pull out to let her breath.

Mai was standing in the corner, rubbing one of the cold beers against her hot pussy.

"Fuck," she breathed. "That was amazing."

"Bring me one of those beers." I ordered, and Mai brought it to me. I took a long pull as Mai ran her hands over Claire's body. She dipped her fingers between Claire's legs and brought them up to smell.

"She's drenched," she reported, and smeared the pussy cum on Claire's lips.

"Can I have a sip," Claire croaked. Her throat was dry, although she had a thick mixture of pre-cum and spit running down the sides of her face.

"Sure thing," I said, finishing the beer in my hand. "Mai will help you drink it, slut style. Mai, lie down on your back, next to Claire, and swing your legs over your head."

Mai was quite flexible, and brought her legs back behind her shoulders so that her face was peeking out just over her cunt. She gave a couple of stabs at her own pussy with her tongue, but couldn't reach. I made a mental note.

"OK, Mai, close you eyes." She did, "and think warm thoughts." I quickly emptied a full, cold beer into her upended pussy. She gave a sharp squeak, but managed to hold still as I filled her cunt with beer.

"Slut stein, clap a hand over you pussy and then squat on this bitch's face. We're going to give her a drink."

Mai had a dirty smile on her face as she tried to navigate squatting over Claire while holding in a pussy-full of beer with her hand. And little slipped through her fingers and she looked up sharply, worried.

"Duly noted, klutz," I remarked. "Continue"

She got into to place and took her hand away as Claire clamped her lips around Mai's pussy. Her throat bobbed several times as she drank it all down, and none slipped away. Mai moved off her face, and Claire gave a deep burp.

"Damn you're a classy bitch. C'mon, we're not done yet. I'm not going to be so gentle this time." Claire licked her lips and nodded as I moved my cock over her face again. I slapped her cheeks with my dick, gently, then harder. Then hard enough to sting. "Bitch slapping, Claire, it's my favorite, you know?" She nodded a little. "Well, that's been fun, but now I'm going slut-fuck your throat, so take a deep breath."

She got a quick gasp before I shove my cock into her throat and started fucking her hard and fast and deep, shaking her tits again. I couldn't get a good leverage, so I wrapped my hands tight around her throat, until I could feel my cock sliding beneath her skin under my fingers. Fuck, it felt good.

Mai was cheering me on.

"Yes! Slut fuck that bitch! You hear me Claire, you whore? This is for all those times you made me eat you out while you study! This is for the time you got the entire Math club to cum in sports bottle and then squirt it down my throat! And the time you had the English faculty cum in my coffee. Oh, and the time you had me lick all the pussies of the field hockey team after their practice. I lost count of how many of their sticks I took up my snatch, but I couldn't walk for three days. And I haven't even gotten to the zoo incident yet!"

Fuck, where did these girls go to school?

Mai was straddling Claire's belly and slapping her tits, hard, knocking them from side to side and turning them a bright red.

Claire's throat suddenly relaxed and I slipped my cock from her mouth. She was breathing, but wasn't moving. Passed out.

"Holy fuck, mister, you throat fucked her unconscious! I bet she'll be sore tomorrow, but let's wake her up." Mai started to upend the last beer on Claire, but I stopped.

"No, there's a better way. I bet we can find a good home for those empties. Did you get her pussy and ass wet like I asked?"

Mai smiled and nodded.

Claire was unconscious for a good 15 minutes, and it took us that long to fit the first bottle into her pussy as well as the other into her asshole. The wide ends of the bottles. Her cunt was stretched amazingly around the dark brown glass and just the tip of the other bottle was visible outside of her asshole. I had Mai bent over Claire and was fucking her from behind. Her cunt was tight and buttery, like something you dream of. I couldn't believe such a slut could have such a tight pussy. She was moaning and tossing her hair around. I slapped her ass, hard, and told her to pay attention to the job at hand, and she grabbed the necks of the bottles, pistoning them in and out of Claire's hot holes. I grabbed a handful of Mai's long her and pushed her face into Claire's pussy.

"Lick that cunt, Fuck hole. I want your lips wrapped around her long clit when she wakes up, and I want those bottles moving in pussy and out her ass, got it?"

"Mmm-hmmm" she moaned, pressing her face into Claire's unconscious snatch.

I could see Claire's legs widen as she tried to make sense out of what was happening below her waist. Her eyelids fluttered, and her hands moved down to grab Mai's head and pull it hardened against her cunt. She started moaning.

"Fuck, oh fuck, fuck, ennnnhhhhh ohhoooohhhhhh," She slapped Mai's hands away from the bottles moving in her two holes, grabbing them herself and twisting them in the way only she knew. Mai started licking her cunt again and I banged hard into Mai's pussy.

Claire was cuming, "fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck, FUCK!" And she snapped up right, pushing her tits up over Mai's head and pulling my lips to hers. She shouted into my mouth as her orgasm crashed over her, before falling back into the bed and trembling in the after shocks. The bottles slipped easily and wetly from her gaping holes. Her ass was raw looking and her cunt lips were swollen and angry. She was breathing, but barely.

"OK, Mai," I said, "Your turn."

"What…" she got out as I flipped her over and shoved my pussy soaked cock into her mouth. She was startled, but got the hang of it pretty quick. Claire stirred, and, seeing Mai working on my cock, sat up and took a big handful of Mai's hair. She began shoving her head back and forth on my dick, working her hard, whispering in her ear.

"So, you think you had your revenge, hunh, you dumb cunt? It hasn't even begun. I'm going to start renting out your whore ass to perspective students when the come to visit. I'm going to tie you to the goal post naked and blindfolded during home coming with a sign on your neck saying "Each point is worth a hole." I'm going to volunteer you for sexual experiments in the abnormal psychology department. I'm going to get the shop class to get creative when making the Mai Fuck Machine. So get ready bitch."

I pulled out of Mai's mouth and flipped her over the bed again. My cock was dripping as I lined it up against her asshole. She started bucking and protesting, saying she'd never had a cock in her ass, but I hadn't come this far to turn back now. I pushed my hard dick into her sweet tight, tight hole, and moved it two inches, three. At four inches it just stopped and would go any further no matter how much weight I put behind it.
