 "Hi Angela, I see that you have hired a new girl" Frank asked Angela who was the manager of the newly formed department of designs.

"Yes and her name is Shanna" Angela replied.

"She is quite hot" Frank replied.

"I know what you mean, that is the main reason why I hired her." Angela replied.

"Is she going to work the night shift as well" Frank wanted to know.

"Oh Frank I know what you are thinking and maybe I will have her before you" Angela said.

"What do you mean that you will have her?" Frank said realizing the slip of words.

"That girl is so hot, the minute I saw her I wanted to fuck her. I wanted to rip that short skirt off her and suck her pussy till she cums in my mouth" Angela said.

"Can I watch? I would love to see you suck her pussy and maybe I can fuck you at the same time?" Frank asked her.

"Ha! Ha! Ha! , Wishful thinking, I know that I can always pull your leg" Angela playfully laughed at him.

But Frank was serious; he always wanted to fuck Angela and would do anything to have his fantasy come through. Angela was a slightly built woman with a well-proportioned body. Her face and expressions always turned him on. She always has that "fuck me" look on her face, one of the few women who appears to have sex on their minds all the time. He wonders if she also enjoys sex as much as she looked it.

Angela was also serious, she never felt this way for any woman. She was married but her husband is always busy with his new projects to pay any attention to her, she has sex maybe twice a month. But she usually masturbates 3 or 4 times a day. Recently her fantasies started to involve a threesome. She wanted to see a woman being fucked by a hard cock until she is begging for more; she wants to suck a man's cum from a well fucked pussy. Sometimes she cannot help herself, whenever she has the urge, she will finger fuck herself in her office 2 or 3 times a day.

When she saw Shanna, her fantasy came back with a flash. Shanna is a petite brunette with a wonderful curvy body that any man would wish for and any woman will die to have. She wears these short skirts and it looks as if she does not wear any panties. 

Shanna always felt an attraction to women but never had any sexual experience with any female. She was married and her husband loved sex. They usually have sex every night, so she has always been satisfied sexually but her husband travels so much that they hardly have any thing in common. She felt that they have drifted a part. However when she saw Angela for the first time, she wanted Angela to be the first woman to fuck her. She always loved to see Angela wearing a short mini skirt with a slit and when she walks, you can see a glimpse of her panties. They became friends and Shanna usually give Angela a ride home. Shanna always love to look up Angela skirt when she enters the car.

The two of them were having fantasies about each other without realizing it.

"So Shanna, when will I meet your husband, you are always talking about him" asked Angela as she got into the car.

"He travels a lot, and when he comes home, he loves to stay in bed all day" Shanna said.

"So, that is the reason why you come in late sometimes?" Angela said.

"Yes, you see, he is very faithful to me and when he travels, he stores up his sexual energy until he comes home and then he expends it" Shanna told her.

"What about you? Don't you get lonely and horny when he is not there?" Angela asked her.

"I do get lonely and he does please me very much, all he is concerned about is me, but we hardly talk about anything, it looks as if we are apart too much and it is ruining our relationship." Shanna told her.

"Tell me, do you please yourself?" Angela asked her.

"Not very often," Shanna said.

"Oh you poor dear, this means that you are always horny," Angela said.

"Do you know that the average person thinks about sex every 10 seconds?" Shanna asker her.

""No, I did not know that" Angela told her.

"Well, for me I think about sex every 3 seconds" Shanna admitted.

"Do you want me to help you with your feelings when your husband is away?" Angela asked her.

"I will let you know, because I am coping now". Shanna told her.

The two women became good friends and often do things together. Angela realized that Shanna loved to wear very sexy lingerie, and often they will shop for panties together.

"Angela, there is a big sale on lingerie across the road; the company is going out of business, do you want to come with me?" Shanna asked.

"Sure, I love to see what you will buy", Angela told her.

"Why do you want to see what I will buy?" Shanna asked her.

"Because I will not have to fantasize or imagine what you have under those short skirts that you wear," Angela told her.

"I did not know that I had that kind of effect on you" Shanna told her.

"Oh, I am always curious what you have on because I cannot see any panty lines" Angela said.

"Why did you not ask me, I would love to show off my thongs to you" laughs Shanna.

"I will hold you to that promise" Angela told her.

They went to the store after work and bought a lot of sexy lingerie. Shanna shows Angela the thongs that will not show any panty lines. They bought 2 thongs each. They also bumped into Frank who was looking around.

On the way home, Angela said to Shanna "Why don't we stop for a bottle of wine and some Chinese takeout and have dinner by your place?"

"I am alone at home and I am too tired to cook so that sounds like a good idea" Shanna replied. 

After dinner, they decided to have a drink by the pool. The night was hot and sticky.

"Angela, I am too hot, I will take a dip," Shanna said.

She went into her house and changed into a very skimpy red bikini. She dove into the pool and was doing laps. 

"I would love to join you but I have no suit "Angela called out to her.

"Why don't you borrow one of mine, it is in my room in a cupboard near the bathroom." Shanna told her.

What Angela found was a Brazilian swimsuit. It was pink in color and the bottom was really a thong. Luckily she always trim and shave her pussy, so she was not worried about wearing it. She put it on and joined Shanna in the pool.

She was not a very good swimmer, so Shanna was helping her. She held Angela up in the water by placing her hands under her and moving her around. 

Shanna decided to test her impulse and moved her hands lower until she was touching Angela's pussy. Angela meanwhile was hoping that Shanna would try something.

"Your body feels so soft," Shanna told her. "And I can feel the heat from you"

"You are turning me on, the first day that I saw you, my heart flipped over and I am a practicing heterosexual," Angela told her.

"I felt the same, you were the reason that I took the job, I never felt this way before", Shanna told her.

The two women were now facing each other and staring at each other. They both leaned towards each other and lightly kissed. 

With a groan, Angela grabbed Shanna by her ass and kissed her hungrily. They were grinding their pussies against each other and their tongues were fencing. With a moan Angela started to caress Shanna's breasts. She pushed her until she was sitting on the edge of the pool. Angela could not get enough of Shanna's lips, she was kissing, licking biting sucking and paying a lot of attention to her neck and ear lobes.

"Ohhh! Angela this is so wicked! When was the last time you had sex?" Shanna asked her.

"It has been too long, my husband does not know anything about my needs" Angela replied, while she was nuzzling Shanna's breasts.

"I want you" Angela said.

"I want you" Shanna said.

They moved together and kissed. Angela pushed her back on the towel and removed her bikini top. Their breasts pressed together and their nipples tingled. Angela bent her head and kissed Shanna's perky nipples.

"I love how you are licking and sucking my nipples, this is just like my husband's mouth" Shanna said.

Angela trailed kisses on Shanna's body moving closer and closer to her pussy. She removed the wet bikini bottom and admired her friend's shaven cunt.

"Open your legs so that I can see how wet you are. Your pussy smelled so good and it is so beautiful", Angela told her.

While she was there she bent forward and her sweet mouth covered Shanna's spread pussy. Shanna almost fainted from the pleasure.

Angela's open mouth covered Shanna's pussy and Shanna felt her tongue probe inside her hot pussy, the first woman that'd ever gone down on her. She cried out, it felt so good. Angela looked up at her and reached up and took a breast in each hand and squeezed softly. This was Shanna first time with another woman, and Angela is really good. 

Angela spent a long, long, time slowly licking and sucking Shanna's pussy, paying particular attention to her hard clit. She'd suck it in and out, and then flick her tongue over it rapidly till she almost cum, and then slowly lick the underside. She did this over and over till Shanna thought that she go mad. Finally she screamed for Angela to make her cum. Angela's tongue flicked rapidly over Shanna's burning clit sending her over the top.

When Shanna came down from her high, she led Angela into the house and into her bedroom. Shanna was totally naked but Angela had on the Brazilian swimsuit. She made Angela sit at the foot of the bed. She slowly worked her way up her calves to her knees. Her hands were fondling Angela's legs as she kissed them. She could begin to smell the sweet musky aroma of an excited pussy as she inched upward.

Shanna pried Angela's knees apart as she kissed and licked the interior of her thighs. Angela's pubic mound was neatly trimmed and she could see the outer lips already glistening, Angela moaned as Shanna tongue flicked over the edge of her labia. Lightly at first, she kept going a little deeper and licking a deep furrow into her slit. The taste was unbelievable. Her juices were sweet and syrupy like nectar. Shanna face was soon buried deep into Angela's pussy with her tongue flailing around inside her. 

Angela raised her hips off the bed and was twisting slightly from one side to the other as Shanna's tongue continued to give her wave after wave of pleasure. Her clit was the next target. 

Shanna would make a little "O" with her mouth and suck Angela clit hard into her mouth with as much suction as I could muster. Shanna could feel it swell as her tongue flicked over the sensitive little bud. Angela was now audibly groaning 

"Ohhh God... Oh God..." Her hips tilted upward and her butt cheeks drawn up tight, Shanna could sense she was nearing her climax. Then it came.... Her body suddenly jerked once... then again... then she moaned out loud a long and sexy "OOOOOOOooooooooooooooo". The juices from her climax were now flooding Shanna's mouth and covering her face. Angela's body was still shaking and convulsing. 

When Angela climaxed, she went wild. She never felt anything like it in her life. Waves of the most intense pleasure flooded her body as Shanna's talented tongue and lips brought her to a whole series of climaxes.

This was the first time for Shanna, but all she had to do was think how she'd like to have her own pussy kissed and caressed. Her knowledge of that subject was really limited, but she has a good imagination! It seemed to come naturally for her. She enjoyed the feel, taste and sensation of licking, sucking, and tonguing Angela's sweet pussy. She liked the salty taste, and couldn't get enough of it. Her small clit came under a lot of attention. She brought her to a number of climaxes. Angela's pussy gets very wet when she comes, and Shanna licked and sucked her sweet salty juices. When Angela finally pushed Shanna's head away, her face was wet with juices. Angela pulled her up and licked her juices from her face. 

Finally Shanna licked her spread pussy softly with the flat of her tongue. Angela calmed down and she slid upward. They lay kissing and caressing and Shanna told her she wanted to use the dildo on her. She moved to her dresser and removed her strap-on dildos. 

Angela helped her put the largest one on and then got her to stand in front of the mirror. They both broke up. There Shanna stood, a woman, with shapely body, large breasts, softly rounded tummy, and a really big cock sticking out in front! God, it looked real. Scary Real!

Angela lies down on the bed and spread her thighs wide. 

"Fuck me you sweet, lovely bitch!" She spread her pussy lips wide and slipped a finger up inside. 

"Come here Lover, and fuck me. I want you to put that big long cock inside me and fuck the shit out of me. God, you're beautiful! Come on before I cum just looking at you. Fuck me!" Angela held her arms out. 

Shanna went to the bed and got between her thighs. She caught the dildo and rubbed it up and down Angela's wet pussy. She moved forward on her hands and knees and carefully slid the dildo into her spread pussy. The sensation was beyond belief. She was going to fuck a beautiful woman. Slowly she moved it in and out letting her wet pussy lubricate it. Every in and out movement pulled at her pussy and ass, and the tiny knobs rubbed against her clit.

With Angela's help and soft coaching, the monster disappeared up inside her. Their bellies and pubic bones finally met, and it felt so wonderful. Angela pulled her down on top of her and they kissed. 

"Oh my God, it is so wonderful to have that 'cock' so far inside me, it filled my pussy so much" Angela moaned to her. 

Angela placed a hand on Shanna's ass and pulled her against her and began grinding her hips against hers.

Angela coached her and slowly Shanna picked up the hip action and timing. As they moved together, they quickly got the rhythm and pace and began Shanna begin to move her hips from side to side, as well as in and out. 

Angela told her, "This long cock feels so good and it is massaging my hot pussy" 

Shanna quickly got the rhythm and hip action together. It didn't come naturally to her. 

The stimulation to Shanna's pussy, and watching Angela under her really got her pussy to a boiling point. Angela saw her state of excitement and unexpectedly reached up and caught both of her excited, extended nipples and pinched them hard. Angela then reached up and started to kiss and suck on Shanna's nipples. 

"Oh yes.... Ohhh, that feels sooooo good, don't stop, my whole body is on fire," Shanna screams out.

The pleasure/pain shot through Shanna and she climaxed violently. She fell on top of Angela and lay panting. They kissed, and after she recovered she began fucking Angela again. 

"I can't believe I'm fucking a woman. It feels so nice and so wonderful. Your body under me seems so natural, and I love giving you pleasure. Am I giving you a good fuck, Bitch?" Shanna said with a leer.

"God yes, you're a natural. Move your hips from side to side as you fuck me. Good, yes. Like that, you touched my cervix. Oh, Oh, I'm coming. Fuck me hard, hard!" Angela screamed out.

Shanna moved her hips faster, and by now she'd caught on to the rhythm, and began to thrust forcefully into Angela. Each thrust and pull out moved the dildo inside her pussy, as well as rubbed her clit. Her hips shot back and forth like she'd been fucking women for years. It seemed so natural now. She rotated her hips from time to time and to give both of then different sensations. 

Angela began to cry out for her to fuck her harder. Angela's full breasts jiggled and bounced as Shanna slammed into her.

"Oh God! Oh, oh, YES! God, uh, uh, yes, yes, FUCK me, you feel sooooo gooooood--AH, AHH! THERE! THERE--YES! UH, UH, UH, NGHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!" Angela's pussy clenched down hard on the fake cock as she thrust her hips up into Shanna. 

Shanna felt hands on the back of her ass, pushing her further and further into Angela's quivering pussy. 

Angela was gyrating her hips and screaming," "HUHHHhhhh uhhhhh ohhhhh... yesssss...DON'T STOP, FUCK ME FUCK ME HARDER! PLEASE FUCK ME TILL I CUM. Oh yes oh yes... OH! SHANNA! OH! SHANNA! I am cummmmiiinnnggggggg"

Shanna's own pussy was on fire and she thrust harder and faster till Angela exploded. Her hips kept up their thrusting, and the dildo sent sensations to her clit, inside her pussy. It was a totally unique sensation. She almost fainted from the pleasures but she did not cum. 

Angela fell back into the bed, her eyelids fluttering, her body on the edge of consciousness, glistening with sheen of sweat. Climbing up next to her Shanna discovered that she was also sweating, worked up by her fuck session.

They lay together for a long time kissing and caressing.

"Angela, can you do me now?" "I want you to strap on the biggest cock and fuck and massage my pussy till I cum", Shanna told her. 

Angela went to the dresser and looked for the largest cock that she could find. It was about eight inches and three inches in diameter. She went back to the bed and knelt down next to Shanna.

Seeing her in her obviously aroused state gave Angela a small measure of confidence. She leaned forward and licked the back of Shanna's hand as she massaged her pussy. Angela grabbed her ass and pulled her hips to her. 

"God, your ass is sooo perfect, Shanna!" Angela told her. 

Shanna put her hands on the back of Angela's head as she devoured her wet sex.

"Ohhh... Mmmm... Angela, you are so good at this. Don't stop! Please don't stop!"

Angela licked her with all the energy she could find. Shanna raised one leg up on the bed giving Angela better access to her pussy. She tasted good. Really good. And her ass feels so good under her novice touch.

Angela decides to take control.

"Turn around and bend over" Angela said with as much playfulness as seduction.

"Ohhh, I like this side of you a lot!" Shanna says as she turns her glorious ass to her.

Angela put her hands on Shanna's ass and gently pulls the cheeks apart. She looks at the sight before and waste no time getting into her with her tongue. Angela licks at her from her clit up to her tight ass hole. She licks until her saliva is dripping from her, oozing down her legs with her own juices.

"Oh God... Oh fuck... Stick your fingers... inside of me... please fuck me!!" Shanna moaned.

Angela did as Shanna asks. She stick two fingers as deep inside her pussy as the can possibly go. Her pussy is so warm inside. She loves the feeling of having her hand inside of her that she immediately jam a third in. With her other hand she rub her tight ass hole until she begs for more.

"Yes... My ass... fuck my ass... fuck me... Ohhh... baby doll... fuck me!" Shanna cries between gasps for breath.

Angela obliges and sticks her middle finger deep into her ass hole. She doesn't even think about it, she just did it. 

Shanna loses all control and screams wildly.

"FUCK... FUCK... FUCK... I'M CUMMING... I'M CUMMINGAHHH... AAHHHH!!!!"

Angela gently slow downs her actions on her pussy and ass. 

"Ooh, baby doll. I didn't know you were so good at this." Shanna says.

"Neither did I." Angela giggles back.

"Now fuck me from the back" Shanna told her.

Angela looks at her and realizes that this feels better than anything she could have possibly imagined. The sex was fucking awesome, but the look in Shanna's eyes... that FUCK ME LOOK! Was worth it.

"Now, get on you knees, and let my fuck you from behind and hold those beautiful breasts of yours. You'll love this." Angela told her.

Shanna was on all fours with her ass sticking up. She turned around and looked at Angela. Angela knelt behind Shanna and slowly rubbed her ass.

Angela told her," Your ass is so beautiful and so smooth no wonder you loved to be fucked from the back"

"My husband loved to fuck me doggie style and I loved it so much, I cum so hard when he does that" Shanna replied,

Angela was rubbing the cock up and down Shanna pussy lips and she can see how wet it is. She then carefully slid it in. Shanna pussy was drenched and it slid in, stretching her wonderfully. Angela held herself off her with her arms, and slowly fucked Shanna. 
