 I didn't go home for the weekend as had been my usual schedule. No, this weekend, I stayed in town because hubby was at a manager's conference that weekend for his firm. Since he'd be gone, I chose to spend that weekend in Denver where I had been commuting to as a consultant to my old employer. The plan was to catch up on some paperwork and, perhaps, a whole lot of 'me-time'. 

Part of the plan worked, and it wasn't the catching up on paperwork thing...

Friday evening, after I had showered and changed into something casual, I mulled restaurant choices around my brain as I slowly enjoyed a glass of Cabernet and a well-earned doobie. Three glasses of Cabernet later, the doobie was gone, I was stoned, and opted to dine in one of the hotel's restaurants. No way was I going to attempt to drive that night, I assure you.

Choosing a grille with a sports theme, I made myself comfortable in a booth, ordered another glass of Cabernet (not that I needed it) and perused the menu. I opted for a small filet and salad, ordering such when my shapely server asked my dinner preference. My mind quickly answered that I'd like her for dinner but, thankfully, that answer didn't make it to my mouth. Between the doobie and wine in my room, I was feeling a bit frisky and a whole lot horny.

And, yes, I did gaze longingly upon her ass as she walked away from the table. You would have as well, so there!

Sipping my wine, I let my eyes wander around the bar, checking it out, so to speak. In the course of my eye-travel, I caught sight of a younger couple, late twenties, early thirties; not drop-dead gorgeous, but not unattractive either. As I picked at my salad, I felt as if I was being stared at...you know what that feeling is like. As inconspicuously as possible, I casually looked up and did a quick scan of the room. As my eyes slid over the couple I had noticed earlier, the woman's eyes caught mine (or, mine caught hers), and still looking at me, she smiled a warm smile, a smile that made you want to converse with that person.

The arrival of my steak a few seconds later is what forced me to break away from the eye contact with the woman of the couple. I went through the motions of cutting, eating, and all of that but, honestly, I wanted to look back to the woman so badly that I rushed my meal, which I usually never do. 

Looking up, finally, as my server was clearing the table and I was signing my check, the man was there but the woman was not. I can say that I was disappointed by that fact. Oh well, I thought to myself, back to my room, some television, and I quickly thought, some masturbation, as I gathered my purse and sweater to leave.

"Can we buy you a drink?" I heard a voice say from the side of my booth. Turning to look at the voice, I smelled the soft scent of Azaleas before my eyes looked into the smile that I immediately recognized.

"You're with the gentleman at the bar, right?" I answered as I stood up next to her. She was nearly my height, trim and shapely, the swell of her breasts peeking through her blouse, unbuttoned and opened to just below her bustline.

"I am," she answered, "and if I were to guess, I'd say you're in town on business with no plans for after dinner other than your hotel room."

"And why would you guess that?" I answered, playing along.

"You're far too attractive to be eating dinner alone on a Friday night," she smilingly responded, "and, quite honestly, my husband and I like the company of another woman when we're out on the town."

"Aaah, a threesome, so to speak," I threw out there as a response, smiling as I did so.

"There are worse things in life," she commented, returning my smile.

"Yes, yes, there are," I answered letting my stoned libido take over my brain as I usually do when I mix wine and weed.

The truth is, folks, that I get very horny when I mix liquor and weed. Knowing that, why would I do it when alone? Well, it's because I get very horny when I mix liquor and weed. 

Hubby and I have been swingers for some time and this wouldn't be my first rodeo as a third with another couple. After all, that's what these journals are about, isn't it?

He was Jack. She was Jill. I shit you not!

Making room for me to sit between them at the bar, Jill pulled out my barstool so that I could sit. Catching the bartender's attention, Jill ordered a round for us, moved her barstool a bit closer to mine and sat down, on my right.

We exchanged 'bar-bios', short-to-the-point recaps of who we were, with each other. They were in their early thirties, married, childless by choice at this point, and with good careers. Periodically, they said, they liked to go out on the town, and "push the envelope", no explanation given but, then, none was needed. I knew where they were coming from, pretty much, when she asked to buy me a drink. The more we talked, the more I was convinced that I was right, that they were going to try to pick me up for some three-way fun in bed. Took me but a nano-second to think of that as a good thing. He was good-looking, appeared in shape, and she was very sexy in some undefined way.

"And with the traveling that both hubby and I do in our jobs," I said as I finished my bio, "we've found some common ground that has opened our relationship greatly," smiling at them both after I said it, finishing my wine afterwards.

"Open, loving relationships are a good thing," Jill said, Jack nodding in agreement, "ours is such," she said, moving her legs at the same time so that they brushed mine.

"Closed-mindedness usually results in stifling relationships," I offered to the conversation, my legs returning the pressure from hers.

"I couldn't agree more," Jill responded, laying a hand, casually, on my arm, on the bar, slowly stroking her fingertips up and down my hand and wrist.

I have to say that between the wine, the weed, and the moment, I felt my horny motor kick into drive. Leaning back into my barstool's back, I looked at Jill and smiled what I hoped was a smile of encouragement.

"Want to come to our place?" Jill asked, smilingly, her fingertips still stroking my forearm.

Looking to her, then to Jack, I replied.

"Or, as an alternative, we could simply go up to my room, order drinks, and maybe share a doobie while we get to know each other a little better."

"Or," Jill answered for them both, "we could do that, what you said," her lips placing a gentle kiss to my cheek, afterwards.

Drinks delivered, doubles for us all, doobie rolled, we settled in on the couch in the anteroom of my junior suite.

I fired up the joint, took a huge hit(which I really didn't need at this point), and passed it to Jill, who did the same before passing it to Jack.

"Wow," was all that either of them could say as they savored the potent herb.

"I have to say, I haven't been this stoned since college," Jack said after we had finished the joint.

We sat there, savoring the stone that was enveloping the three of us, each in our own fog, the room quiet.

"Jack's got a big dick," Jill blurted suddenly, catching us all by surprise.

"Oops," she quickly said afterwards.

"Big dicks are not a bad thing," I replied in earnest, "hubby's well endowed as well."

"Can you deep-throat big dicks?" Jill asked brazenly.

"I've been known to swallow monster-meat," I smilingly replied.

And then, she kissed me.

She kissed me suddenly, her lips warm, wet, experienced and her hand cupping my breast with soft, gentle squeezes which caused my nipples to harden.

I kissed her back, letting my own hand fly to her breasts, first through her blouse, but, quickly, into her blouse, my hand cupping her larger breasts, her nipples hardening in response to my touches.

I opened my mouth to accept her tongue, sucking on it with wanton lust as she moved her hand between my opening legs, letting her fingers find my burning, damp pussy. I continued to kiss her as she played with my pussy, removing my hand from her blouse. Reaching behind me, I groped Jack's crotch until I felt his stiffness beneath my palm and fingers. Still kissing Jill, I started stroking him, through his pants, feeling his cock grow thicker and longer from my strokes.

Jill broke our kiss, trailing her lips down my neck as she quickly unbuttoned my blouse. She wasted no time in unclasping my front-hooked bra, her mouth immediately falling to my tits, licking and sucking with fervor.

Turning to Jack as Jill sucked on my tits, I unzipped his pants, reached in and pulled out his cock. 

Jill didn't lie. He had a huge cock.

I leaned over and slowly started working my mouth up and down his shaft, my tongue flicking, my throat easing his cock deeper and deeper. As I sucked Jack, I lifted my hips so that Jill could remove my skirt, then my panties.

Feeling Jill leave the couch, I saw that she was standing and taking off her clothes, revealing a lovely pair of breasts, and flat stomach. Opening my legs in invitation, I resumed deep-throating Jack while I waited for Jill to kneel between my legs and begin eating me.

And, Lordy, did she eat me!

I tried to hold back. I really, really did. But, it was to no avial. She had me in orgasmic bliss very quickly. And, very often. I was reaching my fourth climax when I felt Jack tense up. I increased my sucking and was rewarded with a boat-load of warm, sticky-but,tasty-sperm. I swallowed it all and went back for seconds by licking the spill-over from his cock's head and shaft.

Finished with Jack for the moment, I lifted Jill from between my legs, driving my tongue deep into her mouth, tasting my own juices in her mouth, on her tongue. 

Standing, I lifted her to her feet and, wordlessly, led her by the hand to my bed. I laid her down onto my bed and quickly put myself between her legs, my hands wrapped around her thighs as I lowered my head to taste her.

She had a small 'landing strip' of pubic hair, as I did, and the absolutely softest pussy lips my mouth has ever encountered. She surrended her pussy to my mouth and I snaked my tongue into her slit, loving her smell and taste. 

I teased her, bringing her to the brink, then backing off, making her wait a long time for that first orgasm. But when it came, it exploded, quickly followed by others, a lot of others. It was towards one of her last climaxes that I heard, then felt Jack's presence. Hoping he had recovered, I lifted my ass to him in anticipation and invitation as I took my time, now, eating his wife's cunt.

He had, indeed, recovered.

Feeling his cock's head probe at my pussy, I lifted it a bit more, to make it easier for him to enter me, which he did.

Slowly, at first, he started fucking me, easing his large dick into me. Soon, he was fucking me harder and harder, driving my mouth hard against Jill's snatch. His climax spurred my own which, in turn, spurred Jill's final climax. Her final by my oral attentions, that is. She was to orgasm a couple of more times but it was from Jack's fucking her as she ate me, again.

We parted company around two in the morning, both of us with each other's phone number. I had thought, but quickly dismissed the idea, of letting Jack fuck me in the ass but he was just too thick.

They asked me to come to a party at their house the next night, Saturday.

"It's like-minded' friends," Jill explained as she was licking Jack's shaft right after he finished fucking me for the second or third time.

"Yeah, we belong to a social set that is much the same," I answered.

"So, it's a date?" Jill asked.

"Yeah, it's a date," I answered right before I kissed her, tasting Jack's cum and my juices on her mouth.

But, as it is said, that's a story for another time...