 This is a work of fiction based loosely on one man's fantasies. Please leave any comments you wish, only constructive criticism please. This is my first work.

Some information about the characters: Tim is 5'8" with a crew cut and goatee. Military build (broad shoulders, thick legs, decent looking) with a bit of fat from years in class and not in the gym. Marie is a sexy brunette. She is 5'6", voluptuous beyond belief, and comes from a sheltered family. Tim is the first man she has ever had sex with and the last she plans on. Samantha is a slim package at 5'7". She has auburn hair that is full of curls. Her curves are slight but firm. 

Tim just finished his last final. He knew his degree was only a day away. He just had a to wait it out before he set out for his career. Thanks to his picking a great college, he ended up landing a job before even graduating. His apartment was ready to be moved into and his girlfriend was ready to settle into it with him. He smiled thinking about her beautiful eyes. They had a way of changing color and were so clear he could lose himself in them. That would be enough to make her attractive on their own, but it's not all she had. How he landed a woman with a rack and ass that would make any girl jealous and any guy drool was beyond him. She wasn't a supermodel by conventional standards, but she had curves that he loved to ride. 

****

Driving up the interstate Marie was a nervous wreck. She hates driving like this. Traffic is on all sides and nut-jobs weaving in and out of traffic like salmon swimming upstream. She was just ready to get to campus so she could congratulate her man on his graduation. He had been up there too long studying for finals and finishing up projects. She hasn't been able to see him for three weeks due to last minute team meetings and finals to worry with. Now after a couple hours of driving she sees the campus. She parks near his dorm ready to surprise him. Checking the mirror she sees her makeup is applied just right. Her dark brown hair cut short and sexy, fixed straight like he likes it. She checks to make sure ample cleavage is showing from her 38DD's. It's not the thing she does normally, but this is a special occasion. She is horny and knows he is ready to hump a hole in the wall after three weeks. She hopes they will be able to find a nice spot to find some alone time. After making sure she looks stunning, she calls her man on his cell she tells him that he should come down and let her in. 

****

Answering the phone Tim is in shock. Marie has come up a day early of his graduation. He's not sure what to do. A million things run through his mind about where they are going to sleep, what they are going to do, how much they can do and still get up for graduation, how much money he has on him, how much he is going to enjoy this, but, most of all, how can I get her alone to get some action? As this runs through his head, Marie gives a little laugh breaking his thoughts. Tim runs downstairs and lets her in.

Opening the door he sees the most beautiful woman standing there with a bag in her hand and a come fuck me look that will keep Tim "up" at night. It's the same look he gets when he knows he is about to get mind-blowing feral sex. Wearing a black skirt and red top, she is a knockout. Marie starts toward him, and he is dumbstruck. His brain, on top of being fried from the past few weeks of work and tests, is now getting a pleasure overload. She wraps those sexy arms around him, and he melts into her. He can smell her scent. It's so hard to describe. It's one-of-a-kind as far as he's concerned. Feeling her so close is all he has wanted for the past few weeks. Now that he has it he is reluctant to let go. 

Eventually they let go and give a quick kiss before Marie is barraged with questions. "What are you doing here? I thought you were coming up tomorrow? I wish you had let me know. How did you manage to do that without me knowing you were driving for two hours?" said Tim in a split second. 

Marie, after having another good chuckle, answered, "Well babe, you were busy arranging all of your stuff for leaving tomorrow and have been for the past while. I simply made sure you were busy before I decided to start driving. Plus, I knew you wouldn't try calling me unless you were bored out of your mind." 

"Well you look great baby doll. From the looks of it you were planning on going out tonight. Did you have any plans in mind?"

"We haven't been dancing in years, and I figured you would like to celebrate with someone other then those roommates of yours."

"Oh, I meant to tell you Samantha was going to go barhopping with me tonight. We decided to finish the year in a haze. I can call her and cancel though."

Marie was pissed. She couldn't believe that her plan had not worked flawlessly, but always one to please everyone she answered, "No babe it's okay. We will go barhopping with Sam and that will give me a chance to meet her and won't cancel your plans either."

"Great. I'll call and tell her you will be with us. Maybe she can call her boyfriend, Dan. He doesn't live too far away. We can make it a double date."

****

Samantha hears her cell ring just as she jumps out of the shower, her perky nipples hardening quickly in the cold air. Her freshly shaved legs and vagina glisten as she dries quickly to grab the phone. Wrapping her curly tangle of hair in the towel to save her phone, she manages to grab it before it's too late. "Hello?"

"Hey, chick. It's Tim. I was just calling to check on our plans tonight."

"Oh ok. I'm just getting ready now."

"Slight change of plans. Marie drove up just now, and I was wondering if you wanted to invite Dan and turn this into a double date? "

"Sounds great, but he has to work tonight. I'd love to meet Marie though. Hopefully she's not too mad about us having plans tonight. Maybe I'll give her a good enough impression to cool her off."

"We can only hope. Anyways, I'll pick you up in an hour."

Ending the conversation Samantha realizes she has a lot to do in an hour. She decides to start by picking her outfit, a sexy thing that might actually show a few curves off. She picks a low cut black dress that she slips into easily. That will be good with the walking and moving they are going to be up to between bars. 

****

After the short drive, Tim and Marie arrive at Samantha's. Marie notices just how plain yet beautiful Samantha is. She's an Irish treasure of a woman. Her pale complexion and auburn hair pinned up go so well with the black dress she is wearing to contrast perfectly with her skin. Tim has decided the drinks are on him thanks to early graduation gifts from distant relatives. He is going to rely on the girl's looks to get him in. 

After introductions are made and initial compliments on all sides, the three are ready to start their night. Neither are big drinkers, but Marie is by far the weakest drinker of all. A cheap date by all accounts. Parking near their first destination, the Cherry Pepper, they walk arm in arm to the door with Tim in the middle smiling like he just won the lottery. The Cherry Pepper was a hot new bar with Mexican drink specials and a Latin music background. The girls both loved it. They went straight for the dance floor as Tim went to the bar. Waiting on the bartender he looked out at the girls. Both were so beautiful and alike but completely different in many ways. Samantha was taking the lead in their dances rubbing her cute ass on Marie's crotch. Marie wasn't much of a dancer but enjoyed the music and the movement. After ordering a fishbowl margarita for the girls and a spicy tequila shot for himself he claims a table near the dance floor. 

After that song ends the girls decide to come have a drink with "their" man. What a lucky guy huh? After drinking about half of their margarita and sharing a bit to wash down Tim's tequila shot, they all three hit the floor. Tim let the drag him on the floor only for show. He loved to dance especially when his partner was a hot female, even more when there were two hot females. Samantha once again took the lead grinding her pantied crotch on his big jeaned leg. The denim over his muscle as he moved pushed just right on her outer lips. Marie was behind him watching as Samantha was basically getting off on her man and decided to show her one up. 

Turning Tim around Marie backs that big ass of hers up to his crotch. She can tell Samantha excited him. He steadily grew as she moved her bottom to the music against his member. Samantha decided to let Marie win this round. The war was far from over anyhow. She pushed her perky tits into his back and rubbed her hands over his back and ass. Even though Marie had won the round she was leaving her impression on Tim. Unfortunately for Tim the song ended and the next one didn't hold a beat good enough to dance to. They went back and, finishing their drinks, decided to move to their next bar. 

****

The next bar, 69th Street, was only a few blocks away and had a metropolitan theme. As with the last bar the girls led Tim in like he was some kind of hot shot. He could have passed for a local rock-star given the ladies on his hips and the black graphic tee he was wearing, no one huge but enough to be let into a bar without waiting. Tim went for the bar to order the drinks as the girls went to dance. This bar was a bit more packed as it drew a larger demographic in this town. A lot of blonde bimbos were dancing and showing off their fake tits with hundred dollar tops. One such bimbo was bartending and even threw Tim a few glances after seeing him come in with two hot numbers on his side. She immediately saw that his order was taken, a Cosmopolitan, a Mojito and a Screwdriver for himself. The girls however were dancing and grinding each other. The blondes were mostly staring at these two newcomers that didn't fit the typical crowd. They were just smiling at all the looks they were getting. As the song ended they grabbed a table close by. 

Samantha decided to discuss the dancing with Marie as she seemed a bit jealous earlier. Marie waved her off and said it was fine. She was just going to enjoy herself. Marie knew that Tim was hers anyway. Samantha lacked the curves he looked for in a woman. As they were finishing this discussion Tim came with the drinks. After downing the drinks they were all feeling a decent buzz. Marie had started slurring her speech a bit and got a bit louder. She decided the Mojito was a drink she could enjoy and she enjoyed it quickly. A little conversation struck up until one of Marie's favorites songs came up. She popped up as soon as she noticed it and pulled Samantha with her to the floor. Tim, not wanting to be left out, followed. This time Marie took the lead putting that ass of hers on Samantha. Samantha getting a good feel for her grabbed Marie's hips and started grinding. She ground even harder when she felt a semi-hard dick push on her ass. She decided to switch between pushing her pussy into Marie and her ass into Tim. This movement served to hike Samantha's skirt up a bit exposing her ass to Tim. He was enjoying the fact that she picked a thong to go with this dress because her milky ass cheeks were looking great. Getting hornier by the second Samantha decided to see how Marie's ass felt and grabbed a couple handfuls for good measure. 

Marie, her head swimming from the alcohol, enjoyed the hands on her ass. When she looked back she saw Samantha grabbing her ass. Unsure how to act she just smiled. Samantha showed no sign of letting up, so Marie decided she might as well enjoy it. It's what Tim would want and she honestly liked it the more her hands squeezed. She began to wonder what Tim was up to behind Samantha. She was sure he was enjoying himself too. It turns out he was enjoying how her hips felt under his hands since he had decided to not let her dress fall back down. He was rubbing up her back and down her side/hips. As the song wound down, Samantha slowly let go of Marie's ass as Tim backed off of Samantha. As Marie stood up straight, Samantha grabbed Marie in a hug from behind being sure to brush her big tits in the process.

Exhausted from the dancing and a bit sweaty Tim went to get more drinks and let his penis have a little rest. The girls had both decided to relieve their bladders. Samantha, seeing that Marie was fairly drunk and horny, decided to push her button a bit farther. Like most female bathrooms, this one was packed. As soon as a stall opened up, Samantha jumped at it and drug Marie with her. Before waiting for her response, Samantha dropped her moist panties and hiked her dress up to her tits. Holding onto Marie for support, Samantha proceeded to piss out the last few drinks. After finishing she had her hands full and asked Marie to wipe her up since she was holding her dress with one hand and her balance with the other. Marie was reluctant to help, but decided she just wanted some help. Marie grabbed some tissue and wiped Samantha's shaved pussy slowly to make sure she cleaned Samantha's pussy good to avoid messing up those sexy thongs. After sliding her thong back on, Samantha decided to help her drunken friend out. Marie got herself in front of the toilet well enough, but Samantha wanted to help and decided she would slide her new friend's panties off for her. Samantha hiked Marie's skirt up exposing her beautifully large thighs and pussy mound. Samantha also noticed that there was a wet spot on the crotch of Marie's panties. Samantha then reached out and slid Marie's panties off going slowly to ensure her hands touched Marie's skin for as long as possible. This exposed Marie's sexy brown patch of fur trimmed to a triangle over her slit. After Marie had finished, Samantha without asking grabbed some tissue and returned the favor Marie had done for her. 

Marie this whole time was drifting in and out of reality. She recognized that something wrong was going on. She shouldn't be seeing this girl she just met naked. She also shouldn't be getting felt up by this same girl. She also shouldn't have a moist pussy from the touches. She decided she needed to get back to Tim. He would watch after her. She quickly let go of Samantha, slid her panties back on and put her skirt back down. 

Tim had been sitting at the table watching the dance floor and watching for his girls coming out of the bathroom. He had almost finished his second screwdriver whenever they emerged from the crowd. Samantha has a very satisfied grin on her face, but Marie seemed to be a bit farther gone then she was earlier. She was being led through the crowd by Samantha. Marie did brighten up after seeing Tim though. She also saw another Mojito waiting for her. She decided she was thirsty, and it would be terrible to waste the drink. After sitting down she scooted really close to Tim and sipped on her drink. Samantha nearly downed hers in one gulp. She was thirsty after taking such a leap with Marie earlier. Her mouth had gone bone dry it seemed. Her drink was done by the time Tim finished his screwdriver. Marie however had nodded off after about half of her Mojito was gone. Tim's shoulder was a good pillow and the beat of the music lulled her into a light sleep. Samantha decided to drain the rest of the Mojito for Marie.  

Tim and Samantha discussed the night's events and decided to call it a night. They had planned to tackle two more bars, but with Marie passed out it was a better idea to just head back. Luckily the bus stop a block down would carry them to Samantha's apartment. That's good because Tim's dorm was a room with three sex-deprived guys and a drunken girlfriend would have a hard time staying one man's woman around them. 

****

On the way up to Samantha's room, they carried Marie and talked about sleeping arrangements. Samantha's roommate was a hard sleeper, but there was only one bed in Samantha's room. They decided to let Marie have is as she had a rough night and would have enough of a hangover in the morning. Sleeping on a couch would only give her a hurt neck. After plopping Marie down on Samantha's bed Tim started to take off Marie's shoes to keep them off of Samantha's sheets. Samantha, without Tim even asking, started to remove Marie's skirt. He decided she was only trying to help especially since it turned him on seeing his girl get undressed by his friend. Tim asked if Samantha had a shirt for Marie to sleep in. She of course did and went to get it. While she was in the closet Tim took off Marie's top freeing those huge tits from her top. She still had her bra on, but she was a hell of a sight in her underwear. He then decided to remove her bra, and as he was taking her large tits out of their cups, Samantha turned around. Samantha drank in the sight of Marie's large jugs coming out of confinement. They had some sag, but only because of the amount of tit flesh weighing them down. She decided to merely watch until Tim noticed she wasn't back yet. Tim decided that with Samantha looking for a shirt he could sneak a quick suck on one of those tits. This only caused Samantha to start leaking pussy juice she was so wet. She slid next to the sucking Tim with the shirt acting as if she'd seen nothing even though he was still suckling on the large tit. 

Tim was too drunk to care at this point and got a little more sucking before lifting up to put the shirt on his lover. They managed to get the shirt on Marie with Samantha sneaking a few grabs while Tim was looking to some other part of Marie. They then slid her into the sheets and let her have her rest. Tim at this point was rock hard, but figured it would have to wait until the next night in his apartment with Marie finally alone with him. He would hate to push his friend's patience by fucking his girlfriend in her bed. He also took the floor since his friend had been nice enough to share her bed with his girlfriend. He decided to sleep in his clothes since he was fairly certain his erection would be a bit too clear if he didn't. 

Samantha stayed in the room a bit longer to change for bed. She decided on a long shirt and panties like Marie. She was too drunk to think about her horny friend sleeping in the room with her. She also figured he would be passed out before she got into the room. She was half right. Tim was too drunk to even open his eyes when she entered. They talked a little more about what a great night it was before Tim finally fell out. Samantha lay there a bit longer trying to get comfortable. She could see Tim's dick outlined through his pants thanks to the street light outside the living room window. She knew he must be frustrated at not fucking his woman that night. She wasn't in a much better predicament. Her pussy was still wet and was putting off enough heat that she couldn't comfortably lay with her legs closed. If Tim woke up at that time he would have been greeted by a hell of a sight with Samantha's legs spread wide trying to cool off so she could sleep. After a restless half hour and her pussy still throbbing, Samantha started to have some ideas run through her head.

Samantha started thinking just how hot it was dancing with Marie. How sexy she looked all night. How hot it was to feel her up in the bathroom. How much she enjoyed seeing those enormous tits. How easy it would be to slip in beside the drunken girl in bed. How passed out Marie and Tim both were. How her first time with a woman may be tonight. How it would feel to suck on Marie's tits like Tim had. How wet she was becoming.

Finally, Samantha had had enough. She slowly got up and approached her room. Pushing the door open softly, she turned on the bedside lamp. She decided she wanted to see Marie's sexy curves if she was going to go through with this. She then closed the door behind her slower then she opened it. Her bed was a queen, but they had laid Marie in the very center of the bed. This was going to make things a bit tougher. Sliding into bed was one thing, but having to move her or lay on top of her would more than likely wake her up even if she had a lot to drink. Looking closer she noticed there was just enough room for her to lay on one side without disturbing Marie too much. She started by slowly moving the covers off of her unsuspecting object of desire. First the sheet slid off of her beautiful t-shirt covered breasts followed by her flat stomach. Here Samantha paused to assure Marie's body adjusted to not having a cover on. Instead of moving it further down, she decided to go ahead and slip into the bed with her new bedmate. She slowly slid in beside Marie barely putting any weight on the drunken girl's arm that she couldn't avoid. Unfortunately, that slight weight was too much.
