 Jeff and Sally were on the highway headed out to visit their friend Lana at school. Sally , who is a petite, sexy girl with short blonde hair and shapely body, was driving. She was always flirtatious with everyone, guys and girls, though Jeff had grown so used to it he didn't care anymore. 

"I can't wait to see this cover band Lana was talking about," Sally said with a smile. "Ahh, they will probably suck as usual," Jeff replied as smoke left his lips.

"Well, we're here," Sallly cheerfully said as Lana came outside to meet them. "Put your bags in my room, and grab a beer," Lana said as she showed them her apartment. Lana was always a shy girl as long Jeff could remember. Kind of short with nice hips and a beautiful chest, she exemplified the girl next door; innocent and sweet. 

They sat on the couch, beers in hand, with Lana's roommate, Mary, who was puffing away on some grass. They all caught up about what was happening in their hometown and all the latest gossip. The four of them left to go to the show. 

The band was rocking when they got to the bar, a typical college town tavern with 32 oz. beers and all. Mary quickly parted with her boyfriend leaving Sally, Lana and Jeff by themselves.

After drinking themselves silly, (Lana was hanging on to Sally for support as they walked to the car) the trio headed back to Lana's. Lana gave out blankets for Sally and Jeff. 

"Well, I'm gonna go pass out," Lana slurred as she wobbled down the hall. Sally was already half asleep on the couch, as Jeff got up to get his sleepwear out of his bag in Lana's room.

He opened the door and said, "Lana, are you decent?"

"Hummph," was all that came from Lana, and Jeff figured she was out cold. So he walked in to the room and started going through his bag in the dark as not to disturb Lana. He found his shorts, and was walking to the door to go change in the bathroom.

"You can change in here if you want," came Lana's voice from the bed.

"No, I'll change in the bathroom. Your wasted," Jeff said. The thought had crossed his mind that he had always wanted to get with Lana, but now was not the time. All it took was for her to get pissed and it could be called date rape.

"I kinda wanted to see you change," Lana said as she smiled a wicked smile. Jeff saw her moving under the covers. 

"Alright, what the hell," Jeff replied as he undid his jeans. He slid them down his legs, as his rapidly rising cock was still encased in his underwear. He began to start putting on his shorts when Lana said, " Aren't you gonna take off your underwear?" She the moved the covers off her with one move off her leg. Jeff stared wide eyed at Lana's perfectly shaved pussy, already wet from Lana's playing with it. He looked up at her breasts then to her face. She smiled her wicked grin again as she moved toward Jeff. Her fingers gripped the elastic on his underwear and slid the off him, exposing his hard, dripping cock. "Are you OK with this?" Lana purred staring up at Jeff with his cock centimeters away from her mouth.

"The question is are YOU cool with this?" Jeff replied, still worried that Lana was too drunk. She smiled her wonderful smile and took him into her mouth. She licked the tip of his cock while sucking it into her mouth. As she bobbed her face on his cock, she played and ticked his ball sack. Then she took him out of her mouth and began rubbing her ample 38C tits up and down the shaft. "I'm gonna cum real soon if you don't turn it down a notch," Jeff said, panting from the pleasure Lana was giving him. 

She looked up, smiled and said "I want you to cum all over my face and tits. It really turns me on." With that said, Jeff let go and came right on to Lana's chin and tits. She licked the cum off her chin and Jeff's declining penis. She then lifted her breast to her mouth and licked the cum off her nipple.

Jeff laid her down on her bed and began kissing her. She writhed underneath him as he took her nipple in his mouth. He sucked it in his mouth and flicked his tongue across the nipple rapidly as Lana shivered letting out a soft moan. Jeff's other hand was slowly caressing Lana's shaved pussy in a slow circle. He slid down to meet his hand. "God, your sooo wet," Jeff said as his tongue licked up Lana's pink, engorged lips. "Oh God, just keep going," Lana whimpered. He proceeded to lick around her pussy, lightly around her clit, as he slid two of his fingers inside her hot flesh.

"Hmmmm," Lana's said, biting her tongue as Jeff's fingers fluttered inside of her. She then felt them curl up, rubbing against her stomach from the inside. Her hips started to buck against Jeff's face as he took her clit into his mouth. "Fuck that's good! Don't stop! Fuck!" She screamed as Jeff's mouth sucked her hard clit in and out of his mouth, while his fingers fucked her mercilessly. 

"I'm cumming! Oh God I'm cumming!" she screamed as her hips slammed into his face with uncontrolled abandon. Jeff felt her orgasm as what was like a stream of her cum flew into his face. She was literally oozing girl cum. "Holy shit, my Lord," she said as her breathing slowed.

"I've never seen that much cum out of a girl before," Jeff said, as Lana straddled him. She was still in ecstasy and didn't replied. She lowered her dripping cunt right onto Jeff's cock.

"Oooh yeah, fuck me baby," Lana moaned as she bucked up and down on Jeff's rotating hips. They had their pace going perfect as Lana constantly kept pulling her sweaty hair out of the way of her face, and Jeff massaged her nipples with his thumbs.

Sally had awakened to a scream and went down the hall. She cracked the door open and started saying, "Lana, are you OK," then stopped. She was presented with Lana bucking wildly on Jeff's cock, furiously working to another orgasm. Sally quietly closed the door behind herself, leaned back and watched. Always having an over active libido, Sally felt her pussy stirring. Her nipples were already hard as she watched Lana and Jeff go to town. Before she knew it, her shorts were down her hips and her hand rubbing wantonly on her pussy.

Lana and Jeff, not noticing Sally, continued to fuck. Jeff was close to cumming and could feel his head twitching. Lana started to scream as orgasm hit her, "Cum with me!, Fill me! Fuuuuuucckk!" Lana leaned back and shook as Jeff's load, combined with her own passions, threw her out of control. Her body just shook involuntarily as she orgasmed harder then ever before. Jeff screamed as he felt his release and Lana's own cum mixing around his cock.

Sally was cumming as she watched Lana freak out in orgasm. She leaned against the door as her legs gave out. She let out a loud moan as she came into her hand. Then she realized Jeff and Lana cuddling watching her, as her moan finally made them notice she was there.

Sally crawled into bed with them. "You guys were awesome together. I never have seen you cum that hard, Lana." Sally then frenched Lana, and kissed her nipple. "What's this about?" Jeff said coyly. "You'll see," was all Lana and Sally said.

To Be Continued Soon...

This is my first story, so any comments would be greatly appreciated.