 Finally it was Friday! It had been a long week and both Katie and Jay were ready to blow off some steam. They decided to go to a nearby bar and have a few drinks to relax before going out. The bar was dimly lit and had a few tables with a pool room in the back. Jay directed Katie to a table near the back by the pool room. It was a dark corner table that afforded them the privacy they wanted.

Katie was dressed as Jay preferred her; a short skirt that hugged her ass and a tight top that showed off her cleavage. She never wore panties so Jay could have easy access when he wanted.

The couple consumed several drinks and were laughing and flirting with each other. After a while neither of them was feeling any of the stresses of the past week. Katie was leaning into Jay to give him a kiss when the top buttons of her shirt popped open to reveal part of her breasts. Jay reached over and started to fondle her tits as they kissed. 

The other bar patrons gave them no notice except for a few men playing pool. They watched the couple as their kisses deepened and their hands roamed each others bodies. Katie's hand had gone underneath the table and lowered Jay's zipper to allow her to reach his already hard cock. She drew his hard member out of his pants and began to stroke him as he played with her hard nipples. Jay unbuttoned Katie's shirt completely and popped open her front closure bra so her tits were fully exposed. He leaned in and began to suck and chew on her turgid nipples. Her hand continued to grasp his cock and she increased the speed of her stroking. Jay sucked harder, taking in as much of her tit in his mouth as possible. Katie moaned in pleasure which only served to encourage Jay's attentions.

The men at the pool table continued to watch the lusty couple, nudging one another as thing heated up at the table. Katie pushed Jay's head away and leaned over and put her head in his lap. She takes his cock into her mouth and begins to suck it slowly. The men at the pool tables are transfixed as they watch her give Jay his blow job. She is feasting on his throbbing cock, licking and sucking it. He leans back and enjoys her warm, wet mouth. He is so turned on that Katie is sucking his cock in a public place that he begins to cum quickly into her mouth. She sits up, tits bouncing with every move, and shows him her mouth filled with his cum before making a production of swallowing it all down.

The men by the pool tables are aroused and can't take their eyes off of Katie's huge tits as they are exposed to them. They crowd around each other trying to get the best view possible. Jay noticed this and he smiled as a plan developed in his head. He gets up from the table and pulls Katie out of her chair. She looked at him with a confused look but follows him willingly. Jay brings her over to the back area of the pool room away from the main bar area. She is disheveled; lips red and swollen, tits hanging out. She looks sexy to all the men surrounding her. Jay looks at her reassuringly. He asks the men "who wants to fuck this hot slut?" Katie's jaw dropped. She knew this is something that she has fantasized about and shared with Jay but can't believe it may actually happen at this moment.

The men can't believe that this is happening either. They look at Katie and see that she isn't upset by this but that she is actually turned on. They all look at each other in amazement. Jay turns to Katie and pushes her face down onto a pool table. He pulls her skirt up and reveals her ass to all. He smacks her ass a few times and she cries out. He leans over and whispers in her ear "all of these men are going to use you like the slut you are!". Katie moans as she hears the words.

The first man steps up behind the couple and pulls out his cock which is already dripping with precum. Jay moves aside and the man slowly pushes his cock into the offered pussy. He groans as he enters her, her cunt is so wet and tight. He begins to fuck her hard and fast not caring about her, just his pleasure. Another man presents her with his cock, pushing it into her mouth. Katie slurps it down her throat, sucking as hard as she can. She is cum hungry. The man in her cunt is pounding her hard, his balls slapping against her. She is moaning in pleasure. 

Jay is standing back, stroking his cock as he watches his woman being used by strangers. He watched as the man fucking her tenses up and cums deep inside her willing cunt. He backs away and a second man takes his place. He slams his cock into Katie's juicy pussy in one thrust. She screams out and then goes back to sucking the cock in her mouth. It throbs on her tongue and shoots warm jizz down her throat. The man moves away and Katie looks up expectantly at the remaining men. Another cock is presented to her willing mouth as the second man in her pussy cums. Jay looks at her used pussy and sees that it is red and swollen and dripping with cum. 

The six men continue to fuck Katie's mouth and pussy until they have all been spent. Jay looks over his cum slut. She is laying on the table, covered in cum. There is cum dripping from her well used cunt. He's never seen her looking more satisfied. He steps up to her and slides his cock into her sloppy pussy, getting it covered in the strangers cum. He pulls out and thrusts into her unused asshole. Katie screams out his name as she cums from the sudden intrusion. Jay takes his pleasure from her. He pounds her ass and spanks her. He pulls her close and empties his balls deep inside her bowels. 

By this time, Katie is exhausted from all of her orgasms. Jay helps her up and pulls down her skirt. She buttons her blouse, not bothering to put her bra back on. Jay takes her arm and together they walk out of the bar as if nothing had transpired.