 She checked her makeup in the mirror one last time, smiling nervously at herself. Taking a quick appraisal of herself, Lina could tell she was excited by how easily she could see her hard nipples nudging thru the blouse that was pulled perhaps a little tight against her luscious breasts. Her thoughts went to the night to come and what they had planned. For nearly fifteen years they had joked on and off about it but tonight, tonight it was coming true. She grabbed her purse and left the apartment into the growing darkness.

Of course, they had beaten her to the restaurant, not having to take that extra time to look just right. So lucky to be guys, she thought. She paused in the entryway, looking at them both in a new way, one more sexual than she had ever viewed them in. Tom she had known first and best. They had been lovers on and off for the past fifteen years. Their lives had been chaotic and both were now with other people but they had a bond that no other could break. It was amazing to her that they had not ended up enemies or married but he was essential to her somehow, just as she knew she was essential to him. His cool blue eyes, nicely toned body, dirty blond hair, quick humor and smile always made her melt. She smirked, knowing how much he still lusted after her all this time. Maybe there was something to be said for chaos.

She turned and looked at Joe, in a way for the first time. They'd always been friends. He'd been Tom's best friend before she had even met them. He shared the same fall-about nature, the same easy charm and humor. He had hinted and flirted and downright admitted to lusting after her for years but she had never really taken him seriously. He was too much the goofy friend. Still, he wasn't bad looking. Although dark haired, he was built like Tom with great blue eyes and a disarming smile; they could have been brothers in many ways. He'd hinted at having a rather intriguing sexual past and it was in fact he who had brought up the idea of the threesome.

A threesome. The idea had made her weak with desire for years. Two men, all hers, to play with and touch and be touched by. But she had never felt comfortable with whichever man she had been with to bring up the idea, to go forward with it. And finding another man she would also be comfortable with seemed like an impossibility. But Joe had brought up the idea again and this time Tom had smiled and agreed it sounded like fun and suddenly Lina was thinking along some very new and very erotic lines about two old friends. They had joked and laughed until they began to realize how serious they all actually were. They began to talk in detail, to consider what might be. So they decided to try it and tonight was the night. And she was more aroused than she had ever been in her life.

Tom and Joe turned and saw her looking at them from across the room, both of them smiling and standing as she started walking over. They couldn't help but appreciate her sweet feminine curves. And, like always, they felt the almost physical sensation of her sensuality, that indefinable erotic quality that made both men aroused just to be near her.

Lina stopped in front of the table and in a voice she almost didn't recognize, whispered, "Boys, I may be hungry but I can't eat here. Let's go to the room."

Joe had taken the liberty of renting a simple room, tasteful, elegant, with a queen-size bed. It hadn't been certain that they would be ready for it tonight but there was no sense in waiting until the last minute. Now he smiled as he opened the hotel room door, pleased with thinking ahead. He turned on the hall light and let Lina step in. Tom grinned at him as he followed. They had talked about little besides this night for days on end. For it to have actually arrived was almost surreal.

Joe closed the door and walked into the room to find Tom and Lina already engaged in a hot, deep kiss, holding and caressing each other. Smiling quietly, Joe made his way to the wine he'd brought to the room before and poured out three glasses. He turned on an early Miles Davis cd and as the quiet jazz filled the room, reflected that there were worse things than being prepared. Sitting, he sipped his wine and watched the two lovers embrace.

Lina and Tom were lost in the passion of their moment, barely aware of the music. Tom's hands began to roam over Lina's lush body, caressing, squeezing, touching. He brought his hands to her ample breasts and felt her moan into his mouth through their passionate kiss. He eased around behind her and began nibbling her neck as he unbuttoned her blouse from behind. Lina looked and saw Joe watching them hungrily.

"Come here," she breathed.

Joe got up and stood in front of her as Lina began unbuttoning his shirt, pausing only to let Tom completely remove her own. She could feel Tom undoing her bra and looked into Joe's eyes, her breath coming faster and faster. Joe leaned down and kissed her lightly, their first real kiss. His soft lips touched hers, gently at first, and then with mounting passion as their tongues danced together for the first time. She felt her bra slip away and her naked breasts touched his chest.

Joe leaned down to take a hard nipple in his mouth as Tom tilted Lina's head back for a long slow kiss, their tongues moving together. She tasted sweeter than he could ever recall, he thought. And then realized with a shock that his best friend had just been kissing that same sweet mouth. He hadn't known what his reaction would be but he felt his arousal overtake him, pulling her mouth to his again.

They broke apart and Lina moved over towards the bed and sat down as Tom removed his shirt. He began to unbuckle his pants until she pulled him over by the waistband and began to undo them herself. She let his slacks slide down his legs and began caressing Tom's hard cock through his boxers. Joe stood near by and Lina trailed one hand down his chest, over his stomach and to the prominent bulge in his jeans. She stopped stroking Tom long enough to undo Joe's jeans and watch as he slid them and his own boxers off in one motion. His prick stood out straight, hard and eager for her. Tom had done the same and now she realized that she had begun stroking both cocks at once, almost unconsciously. 

She smiled up at Tom and leaned her luscious lips down over his throbbing manhood, tasting him again as she had so often. Both men moaned at the incredible sight and Lina felt her breasts heaving with the overwhelming passion she was feeling. She looked into Tom's eyes as she let his cock pop out of her wet mouth and looked up at Joe as she began licking his prick. It tasted subtly different but sweet and wonderful in her mouth. Tom began playing with her hard nipples, making her moan around the cock now in her mouth. She shifted her attentions back to Tom as Joe leaned down and began removing her skirt and panties, gently pushing her back on the bed.

Tom got up onto the bed, on his knees, as he watched Lina on her back sucking his cock. He reached over and began playing with her hard nipples again. Joe had begun licking his way up Lina's tender thighs, licking and nibbling until he came to her hot wet pussy, eager for his tongue. He wasted no time and began licking all over her tender slit. Quickly finding her clit, he began sucking on it and then licking her lips again and again. Lina moaned, the vibrations causing Tom's cock to twitch with pleasure. She was so wet, her clit so engorged that she began cumming easily from Joe's tongue. She held on to Tom's cock with one hand as she yelled at Joe to lick her faster.

"Yes! Ohhhhh dammit baby lick me lick meeeeeeeeeee," Lina moaned as she shuddered from her orgasm.

Gasping, she looked down at Joe as he raised his head and smiled at her. "Damn, baby, I shouldn't have waited fifteen years!" she laughed. Then she looked at Tom and licked the head of his eager cock. "Sweetie, I need you to fuck me so good right now."

Tom grinned and eagerly changed places with Joe, sliding his hard prick into her sensitive wet pussy. Lina groaned with pleasure as she felt Tom slide into her. She squeezed his cock with her pussy the way that drove him crazy, pleased with his moans of pleasure. He had never been so excited, so aroused, and never seen her so eager for him. He looked up and felt his cock throb as he watched her suck his best friend's cock.

Joe played with Lina's nipples and watched as she devoured him. He knew he wouldn't be able to last long, he had waited too many years, wanted her for too long to be able to last. Tom's rapid pace of hard slamming thrusts looked like he wasn't going to be able to hold out long either. Lina moaned under the pounding, thrusting back at Tom's cock. Joe, wanting her to cum with them, reached down and began playing with her clit as Tom continued to hammer her tender pussy.

"Ohhhh god baby mmmmm! Yessssss baby mmmmm fuck meeee sooo good," she moaned. Looking up at Joe, she panted, "Cum for me baby. Cum like you made me cum."

Hearing those words was too much and Joe began cumming, shooting his load as she stroked his cock. Watching Lina jacking off his best friend put Tom over the edge as well and he thrust one last time into her tight pussy, moaning her name as he came inside her. Lina felt her own orgasm shaking her body as she felt Tom's cock pulse and shudder inside her. The all moaned together and collapsed on the bed.

"Ohhhhhh yesss I liked that," whispered Lina. The men grinned and nodded, not trusting their voices to speak. Lina looked up and smiled at them both. "And to think, we've got fifteen years to make up for. I hope neither of you boys are very tired."

Tom and Joe looked at each other and grinned. It was going to be quite the night.