 The bed shifted behind me. Apparently, the decision had been made on my behalf. I returned my attention to Laney's neatly trimmed pussy. My tongue lapped at her like a dying man in desert who stumbled upon an oasis. Thick fingers rubbed a cool, tingling lubricant against my hole. And there it was: to get inside Laney's pussy, Andre had to get inside my ass...

***

The emergency ward buzzed with activity. It was a disaster. Multiple vehicle collision. Two domestic assaults. An elder's broken hip. I hadn't seen it this bad since my residency had ended a year ago. 

I wiped the sweat from my forehead and looked to the clock above the nurse's station. Thank God. Almost quitting time. And that meant—

"Hi, Kellan."

Right on time.

Laney's voice was a loin-stirring mixture of sultry smoke and singsong. My member twitched without fail whenever she spoke my name. I turned and there she was. All 5'2", 115 lbs of chocolate brown hair and sparkling sapphire eyes a man could ever want.

"Hey, Laney," I said, instantly wishing I managed something more clever. 

She was impossible not to stare at. Laney's petite but flawlessly curved body filled out her scrubs in all the right places. Her heart-shaped ass and breasts strained against her maroon scrub top. Her wavy hair was pulled back into a single ponytail, with only a single, twisting lock dangling over an eye.

An angel.

My angel...

I had to have her. I'd thought about what she'd be like in bed every day since we had met. To see her look up at me with those pretty lips wrapped around my cock. To see her take it from behind and her petite backside split wide open.

"Just about," she replied, reeling my mind back from the gutter. It was a good thing too: my dick was protesting and would be all too visible in my scrubs.

I stood there like an idiot, frantically working my mind for the perfect in. Laney just smiled her porcelain smile and let me sweat. After an eternity, she took a step closer and leaned in so no one could hear.

"Wanna fuck me later?" she asked.

I nearly came in my pants. My cock swelled, but my brain kept enough blood on board to know the other shoe would drop any second. It had to. She had to be joking. I never got that lucky.

"I'm not joking," Laney replied with a mischievous giggle, apparently reading my mind. "I'm dead serious. If you come back to my place, I'm all yours." She took another step and our bodies nearly touched. She glanced around the emergency department and, with a less-than-innocent grin, cupped my swollen balls.

"You've got five minutes. Otherwise, I'm asking Evan." Laney spun on a heel and sauntered off.

My cock screamed. Fuck Evan!

"Let's roll," I said. I tossed my stethoscope onto the nurse's station counter. I signed out on the duty roster and all but sprinted after Laney, eyes locked onto her delicious ass.

The notion that Laney was just handing out pussy on a whim strained my balls to bursting. Every dirty fetish and fantasy I ever had raced through my mind. The twenty minute car ride to Laney's house was a brutal exercise in cock rubbing patience.

Inside, Laney guided me by the hand directly up the stairs and into the master bedroom. She never said a word. Only the vague trace of a smile hinted at her lips. My God, I couldn't wait to slip my cock between them.

"Why don't you have a seat on the bed while i get ready," she said. She slipped into the master bathroom with a wave. 

I went to sit down, but got greedy instead. I quickly stripped down to my boxer-briefs. My cock pushed at the fabric, desperate for escape. I gave it a few proud strokes. Six inches and really thick according to my previous girlfriends. None had ever complained. It throbbed knowing Laney's pussy was only minutes away.

"Well then," Laney said from the doorway, "Looks like someone's awfully excited."

My head snapped around. And then my jaw dropped all the way to the floor. Laney had ditched the scrubs and opted for a creamy jade teddy. The see-through fabric clung to her perfectly tanned body, cupping her perky tits. She had let her hair down as well. Freed of its tie, her wavy, chocolate locks now possessed the sultry appeal I craved.

"You like?" Laney asked. 

I spread my knees and leaned back a little so she could see my arousal. She gave me a mock frown. She traced a finger tip between her breasts. "I can't really tell. You should probably take those off."

Underwear had never been lost faster in history. I stood there, cock pointing at the ceiling, wondering how long she was going to make me wait.

"That's better." She eyeballed my rod, hips swaying as she walked over. "It'll have to do."

That was unexpected. No one had ever implied I wasn't big enough before. I suddenly had the urge to gag her with it. Then she slunk to her knees and rested her hands on my thighs.

My heart pounded. That's when I knew she had me. I reached for her neck and leaned at the waist to kiss her, but she brushed my hand away. 

"There's no need for that. We both know what we're here for."

My kind of girl: direct and to the point.

My cock twitched as Laney lowered her lips to within inches. I felt her hot breath turn suddenly cool as she pursed her lips and blew on my balls. I shivered and Laney giggled. She wrapped her petite fist around my shaft a finger at a time.

She stroked me. Lazy, painstaking strokes that boiled my cum. It wasn't long before my voice was all croaks and I was begging.

"You have to suck it," I said, desperate.

Laney rocked away, straightening her back. She pressed a hand into a breast, feigning shock. "I do? But I'm a nice girl. Nice girls don't do that kind of thing."

I groaned, balls ready to burst. Laney climbed onto the bed, flopped onto her back, and slung a perfect thigh over my lap. "But nice girls do pay back favors." She finger-walked a hand down her stomach onto the lacy, green panties hiding beneath her teddy.

It was all the invite I needed. I flung her legs apart and dove in. I tasted her through the film fabric, working my tongue beneath the small patch covering her pussy. Her back arched at the tease and she grabbed twin fistfuls of comforter. She moaned.

I slipped a finger underneath and pulled her panties aside. Her pussy was everything I'd ever dreamt. It was a pretty little cunt, like slim, fleshy rose petals. A hint of wet glistened between her lips. Her hips squirmed as my first two fingers slid into her warm entrance. The third finger made her gasp.

"Kiss it, Kellan," she moaned.

I lowered my head and went to work on her pussy with light flicks of my tongue. I nibbled at a lip, gently tugging before switching to its twin. I hooked my arms underneath Laney's thighs, locking her in place. I devoured her; with every lick and suck of her swollen clit.

A deep male voice came from the doorway. "Now isn't that a sight."

I became suddenly aware that I had crawled onto my knees to taste Laney's slit, and that my ass was now exposed to the world. I tried to pull away, but Laney locked her fingers behind my head, trapping my mouth on her glistening pussy.

"Don't stop. That's my fiance Andre. He likes to watch and maybe join if he's up to it," Laney said. Her voice had a hint of pleading and desire and something else.

From the corner of my eye I saw a large figure unbuttoning a dress shirt. I heard the click of a belt being unfastened. Andre approached the bedside and took Laney's hand. My face buried in Laney's pussy, I was only able to see a portion of Andre's body. It looked as though it had been chiseled from chocolate marble. 

"How's this one?" Andre brushed a stray hair from Laney's eye.

"He eats divinely—" Laney said, biting her lip. I had stopped licking, but had my tongue planted firmly on her clit.

Andre chuckled. "I see that. You tell him about our little game."

Laney bit the tip of her finger and shook her head. Andre peeled off his briefs and kicked them aside. His cock was magnificent, and I say that in all honesty as a guy who had never even considered looking at a another man. Ten inches long at least, Andre's flaccid cock hung between his legs. I nearly choked when I realized he wasn't even hard yet.

Laney nudged my head and i resumed eating her sweet spot. I slowly twisted a pair of fingers back and forth as I licked her clit.

"Basically Kellan, you can have anything you want from Laney. Anything in the world. You just have to earn it," Andre said.

I tried to ask him what he meant, but Laney's hips bucked and all I got out was a mumble. I pressed my thumb against the sensitive spot between her cunt and asshole. Her thighs closed tight around my head.

Andre smiled. "She loves that shit, doesn't she? In any event, all you got to do to get yours, is make sure we get ours." He sat down beside Laney and fondled his balls. I watched with a mouthful of pussy while his black cock raised like a pillar as he twisted his hand slowly around the shaft. "You can do as much or as little as you want."

Was he serious? What kind of freaky, out there people was I dealing with? Andre couldn't be serious. Did he really expect me to just go ahead and play sex doll for them? I mean, I could probably jerk him off but anything beyond that...

I wanted to fuck Laney more than anything else. I had to have her. 

Slowly I reached for Andre's member. I had never seen another man hard before outside of porn, let alone touched one. My hand found his throbbing slab of cock. It finally sunk in exactly how much bigger he was. No wonder Laney had seemed unimpressed: she was used to riding Andre's monster dick.

My fingers wrapped around Andre's cock and I gave it a few strokes. I gripped his fleshy steel for a moment, settling into a nice, easy rhythm a moment later. I worked his cock while maintaining my assault on Laney's slit. It was tiring, but knowing her fiery, velvety cunt would soon be mine made it all worth it.

Andre grunted and moaned and Laney groaned through a chewed lower lip. "I think he's earned a bit, baby," Andre said.

On cue, as though they had done this a million times before, they repositioned themselves. Laney guided me to my back, with my head near the foot of their bed. She straddled my face, letting her pussy fall onto my waiting mouth, before leaning for for my cock. Finally, I thought, some dick sucking.

But i was wrong. 

Despite feeling her hot breath on my shaft, she only twisted her hand around it. No licking. No sucking. I wanted to die. She threw me a small bone though, she nudged my dick aside and licked my balls with her sloppy-wet tongue until I thought they were gonna pop.

I stared up at her swollen lips. My tongue lashed her clit. Andre stepped closer to the bed, hand wrapped around his cock, stroking it to attention. He sidled until his knees were nearly touching the mattress.

Was he going to fuck Laney? While I was eating her pussy?

I thought about moving, but was intrigued. I wondered what her pussy would look with my cock splitting it open. Now, I had the chance to see her petite body seriously split in half.

Andre pressed the tip of his massive member against his finance's waiting hole. She gasped at the sudden intrusion and squeezed my dick like a vice. I could smell the musk from Andre's plum-sized balls as they dangled over my face. He pushed the first few inches into Laney's pussy and took a moment, letting her accept his cock. An eternity passed with his dick inches from my tongue before he slowly, steadily drove his hips.

To this day I've never again seen anything like it. Laney moaned and moaned and just about whined in pleasure as inch by inch, Andre's mammoth cock invaded her tiny pussy and split it wide open. Soon, Andre had worked his rhythm to a hustled pace, hips pounding into Laney's ass as he buried his dick deep inside of her.

I watched her poor pussy take the beating I had wanted to give it so badly for so long. Deep down I knew that given the chance, she probably wouldn't even be able to feel me. Not after Andre. Not after having her pussy torn apart on the regular.

A moment later, Andre slowed to a rock, then stopped altogether. He pulled his member out of Laney's hot slit. It dragged across my lips and cheek as he backed away. I was mortified for a moment, until I realized how hard my own cock was throbbing.

"Again?" Laney asked, disappointment flowing in her voice.

"Sorry babe. You know how it is," Andre replied.

Laney pulled her pussy off of my mouth and leaned onto the bed. "I'm aware that you need something tighter than I can give you, yes. I'll take care of it. Again." Her sapphire eyes flashed at me. "Now I know this probably wasn't what you had in mind. And we don't want you to feel uncomfortable, but would you suck Andre's cock? I'd do it myself but I'll be busy—"

Laney swallowed the length of my cock in a single gulp and bobbed her head a few times. My nuts almost exploded then and there. She pulled her mouth off. "Busy sucking yours."

In a billion years I would have never imagined agreeing to such a ridiculous notion. But I had to get back inside her mouth. I said nothing, just nodded my head.

Laney nodded to her fiance and he stepped back to the bed. Laney rolled me onto my side to face the giant cock dangling in front of my eyes. It was still slick with her wetness. I looked back at her. She placed her head on my thigh, mouth within inches of my dick. "Suck it for me."

I wrapped my hand tentatively around Andre's cock. It was still too thick to close my hand around, despite being half soft. I gave it a few strokes. He nodded at me for encouragement. I figured it wouldn't hurt to try...

At first I only managed a few nervous licks of his tall shaft. And then I felt the moist, velvet pocket of Laney's mouth close around my cock. My eyes rolled, she felt so good. I got brave and wrapped my lips around the crown of her fiancé's meat. It was salty, the slit leaked salty pre-cum onto my tongue.

Laney looked back over her shoulder. She stopped sucking my much smaller cock just long enough to encourage my efforts with Andre's hardening member. "That's a good boy," she said in sexy baby talk. "Who would've thought the sexiest doctor at work would also be the sexiest cocksucker?" 

Laney giggled as Andre echoed her final word. "Cocksucker." 

I caught a look at our scene in a wardrobe mirror. They were right. It was undeniable. I was a cocksucker. I had five inches of a man's dick sliding in and out of my mouth. I watched the mirror, nuts tingling at the sight of Andre rocking his hips, pushing his cock between my lips.

I was a cocksucker alright.

Embracing the moment, and doing my best not to cum too soon in Laney's mouth, I cupped Andre's balls and squeezed them a bit. I love when girls do that to mine. Squeeze a little. Give a little tug. Andre moaned and held onto the back of my head. He fucked my mouth slowly as his fiancé sucked and licked and stroked my little dick.

"Ah, much better," Andre said. He pulled away and his cock fell from my mouth. "I'm ready to finish."

Laney rolled off of me and flat onto her back. My cock protested at the sudden departure. I figured Andre had meant he was ready to get back inside Laney's swollen, well-used pussy. Instead he stood there watching, stroking his giant dick.

"Get back down here," Laney said, gesturing with her finger.

I did as I was told. I wondered when I'd be getting a shot at her glistening slit. My tongue lashed at her clit with a storm of flicking licks. She moaned. Behind me, Andre did the same.

"Are you ready for some pussy, Kellan?" Laney asked in a throaty voice.

"Fuck yes!" I said. "Finally."

"It's all yours, just like I said. But first, Andre needs to finish." 

I looked back over my shoulder. Andre was still stroking off, but he was sheepishly staring at the floor.

"So? Let him fuck you again. He's good and ready," I replied.

Laney spread her legs wide and slipped a finger into her cunt. She sucked her finger dry like a miniature cock. "Like I said, he needs something tighter..."

It took a minute, but the realization hit me like a ton of bricks. She couldn't be serious.

"I already sucked his dick! And now you want me to let him fuck my ass? With that? Are you fucking crazy?" I said. 

"Please, Kellan. He's just worn my pussy out. If i could make him cum, I would. I love him." Laney looked about as sincere as I'd ever seen someone. "If you let him, I swear you can fuck me whenever you like. Even after Andre and I get married."

"She's not playing. We had the same deal worked out with another guy, but he moved a month ago," Andre said. "I haven't cum in anything but my hand in a month."

Andre's plight hit a soft spot. Every man knows what it's like to hit a drought. But this was different. I'm not gay. I'm not even bi! I mean sure, I did just suck this guy's dick. And yes, i was a little disappointed when he took it away. But that was just in the heat of the moment! Letting Andre actually fuck my virgin asshole seemed like a much bigger deal. I looked at Laney's ferociously delicious body in earnest.

The bed shifted behind me. It seemed like the decision had been made on my behalf. I returned my attention to Laney's neatly trimmed pussy. My tongue lapped at her like a dying man in desert who stumbled upon an oasis. Thick fingers rubbed a cool, tingling lubricant against my hole. And there it was: to get inside Laney's pussy, Andre had to get inside my ass...

Laney's pussy was intoxicating. I lapped hungrily at her, coating my tongue with her slick wetness. I focused on the pleasure waiting for me inside of her. When Andre pressed the tip of his cock against my hole I winced. I had never really been into ass play other than fucking women in theirs. Nothing larger than a pinkie had ever slipped inside my backdoor and even then it was on a short-lived trial basis.

"It's ok," Laney cooed. "Just relax. Andre knows what he's doing." She stroked the back of my head.

Andre leaned in. I felt the spongy tip of his manhood and the hand wrapped tightly around it press into my ass. I stopped licking Laney's pussy and bit my lower lip. I knew it was going to hurt, when he finally got the monster inside my tight asshole. I knew it would hurt, but I wanted Laney that bad. I nodded my acceptance, squeezed my eyes shut and buried my face in the bed between Laney's thighs. In the back of mind I was suddenly afraid that some of my old college buddies would walk into the room any minute and see me on my hands and knees, ass in the air waiting for cock.

My dick twitched a little at the idea: people watching me try bi for the first time. First time? Jesus was I already planning a future visit? Did I enjoy Andre's cock in my mouth that much? Maybe I did. I guess it was a kinky deal all around. 

Andre grunted behind me. The tip of his cock slipped inside my hole. Fire, plain and simple. I thought my asshole was being split in half. I winced, twisted the sheet around my fist and bit down hard. Laney fingered the hair behind my ear, shushing me like a small child. Andre grunted again. This time, several inches slid in, spreading me even wider.

"Relax, baby. In a couple of minutes it won't hurt and you'll wonder how on earth you managed to go so long without it," Laney whispered. She rolled away, and, despite me being on all fours, managed to snake her head into the narrow space between my stomach and the bed. When her lips sealed around my dick I almost passed out. She sucked me for a few minutes, letting me adjust to my new role as fuck toy. Andre rocked his hips, giving me a few more inches. I moaned at the intrusion. I felt heat flood my face.

When Laney heard my moan, she stopped sucking and gave me a smile. "Aw, look at him babe! He's blushing! He loves being filled by your big, black cock."
