 My husband Charlie and I have always joked that we need to get a third person to join us in bed. We will be out and about and will see someone that catches Charlie's attention then he would lean into me and say "What about her being our third?" I would always laugh and shake my head.

Charlie and I have even talked about sharing with another couple, but we have no idea where to start to find another couple. So, it got put on the back burner and just a fantasy.

Saturday we are invited to a friend's house for a get-together and drinks. We went there not excepting anything just a nice time with other couples. We are mingling with the others having a few drinks and laughs.

Another couple that we had never met before came over to Charlie and I. They introduced themselves to us "Hi we are David and Laura." They reached out their hands towards us we all shook each other's hands introducing ourselves to them "Hi we are Charlie and Megan."

The rest of the evening the four of us talked with one another. I got along with Laura instantly, and the guys seem to have a lot in common. Laura and I were able to talk about anything and everything I have not made a connection with another person like this in a long time.

When I am talking to David, I can tell that he is an alpha male. He has that aura about him do not fuck with me. But as I kept talking to him, I realize that it is all show and he is a big softy. Charlie is a talker, so he kept all of our conversations going with ease.

The time flew by and before we knew it was time to head home. The four of us exchanged phone numbers, and we agreed to go to their house for dinner and drinks the next Saturday night.

While Charlie and I are driving home, I brought up our evening. "I had a really good time tonight. I am so happy that we got to meet David and Laura. They are a great couple."

Charlie is nodding his head in agreeance then says to me "Yeah, I enjoyed their company. Maybe Laura could be our third?" 

I just laughed and replied, "What if I want David to be our third?" I was looking over at Charlie as he cocked his eyebrow up and smiled.

We got home and let the babysitter go; our sons were fast asleep. We went into our bedroom and got ready for bed. When we got settled, I rolled over to lay my head on Charlie's shoulder and put my leg over his leg. We started kissing each other; I ran my hand down Charlie's chest to his groin area.

I wrapped my hand around Charlie's semi-hard cock. I started stroking the shaft up and down to get him completely hard. I moved under the blankets to position myself between his legs. I then started sucking on his cock.

Charlie was moving his hips in rhythm of my mouth. I buried my nose into his pubic hair taking a big sniff to get his smell into my nostrils. I go back up on his cock sucking hard then go back down. I am wiggling my tongue on the frenulum under the head of his cock.

Charlie moved that blankets off me so that he can touch my head. I pulled off his cock with a pop. Stroking his shaft up and down with my hand I smiled at him while he is looking down at me petting my hair. I wrap my lips around his cock again. Going up and down taking a bit more shaft each time I go down on him.

I kept adjusting how much pressure I was applying while I am bobbing up and down on his shaft, with one hand wrapped around the base of his cock, and the other rubbing his balls. Charlie grabs both sides of my head to face fuck me, he started moving faster, and I can feel his cock swell. I know he is getting ready to cum.

I sucked harder and faster because I want him to cum in my mouth. After a few minutes, Charlie holds my head in place as he shot three huge ropes of cum into my mouth. I swallowed as much as I could while some of it leaked out of the sides of my mouth.

I lifted off Charlie's cock and licked up any of the cum that I dribbled out. Charlie is panting hard as I finish cleaning him up. I crawled up the bed to lay on my back next to him. 

Charlie entwined his hand with mine looking over at me he says "Thank you! That felt amazing. Why didn't you stop so I could fuck you?"

I shrugged my shoulders and replied, "I was in the mood to taste you tonight." He started laughing and thanked me again.

As the week progressed Laura and I kept in contact with each other about the dinner plans for Saturday night. 

I am very excited to see them again and have a delightful evening. Laura and I were so comfortable with each other we were able to discuss any topic. Which of course turned to sex one day.

Laura asked me "Have you been with any other man since being married to Charlie?"

The question kind of surprised me but I replied with "No I have not."

Then Laura asked me "Have you ever thought about it?"

I paused before I answered her question trying to find the correct wording "I have only just recently started thinking about having sex with someone other than Charlie, but I would want Charlie to be there with me." I was curious now what her answer would be, so I asked her "Have you ever been with someone other than David since being married?"

Laura paused for what seemed like forever before she replied: "Yes, David and I used to live a swinger's lifestyle."

Her answer floored me so of course, now I am extremely curious and start asking a whole lot of questions "Really? Wow! You say you used to be you're not doing that anymore?"

Laura explained to me that they are very picky with who they have a sexual relationship with, they don't want to have multiple partners. The two of them were with one couple for a few years until that couple wanted to start going to swinger parties. So, she and David went to a few and left before anything would occur. They did not feel comfortable in that scene so they would go home and fuck each other.

Laura than dropped another bomb on me "David and I haven't met another couple that we are comfortable enough to want to share with again...until we met you and Charlie."

I didn't say anything, so Laura asked if I was still on the line. "Oh, yeah I am here. Sorry I was taking in what you just told me." I replied.

"Did I scare you off?" Laura asked me

"No, you didn't scare me off, stunned me is more like it." I told her "Laura have you ever been with the woman of the other couple?"

Laura very honestly replied, "Yes I have, I enjoy having sex with both men and women."

"Really? David does not mind seeing you with another woman?" I asked her with more of my curiosity; then I blurted out a question "Has David ever messed around with the man?"

Laura laughed before she answered me "David finds it highly sexy to watch me with another woman, and no he has never messed around with the man."

Laura then asked me "Would you and Charlie ever want to be with another couple sexually?"

I had to think about my answer then replied "Honestly we have talked about it in the past, but we never pursued it. I think if I talk to Charlie that we could have a sexual relationship with the two of you maybe he would agree to it."

I could hear the excitement in Laura's voice when she replied: "Talk to him! David and I are both very attracted to both of you and would like to have more than a platonic friendship with you." I agreed to talk to Charlie, and I will let her know what he says.

I was very nervous and trying to figure out a way to bring up the subject of sharing with Charlie. Later that same night after I put our sons to bed and when I knew they were sleeping I decided to bring the question up to Charlie.

I started the conversation off with "Charlie can I ask you something?" Charlie said, "Sure what's up?"

I took a deep breath and let it out before I started talking "I was wondering how you feel about swinging or sharing sexually with another couple?"

I had Charlie's full attention now he raised his eyebrow and asked me "Why?"

I started explaining to him about my conversation with Laura today and then told him "They are attracted to us and want to have sex with us."

Charlie didn't reply for a few minutes then he told me how he thought about it "I know we have talked about this in the past and you know that I am very nervous about doing something like this, but I am also very curious. I believe David and Laura would be excellent teachers for us." He paused and then asked me "Do you want to have sex with them?"

I looked at him and replied "Yes I think it would be a new adventure for us. Also, if we are not comfortable with any of this once we go over there, we don't have to go through with it." Charlie nodded his head in agreeance. 

I was watching Charlie's facial expressions to see if maybe he didn't want to pursue this any further. But he surprised me with his response "Your right let's go over as planned for Saturday night, and if the mood strikes us, we will pursue this with them." 

I smiled big and told him that I would let Laura know what might be happening on Saturday night at their place.

I text Laura with the message "Charlie agrees to see how it goes on Saturday, there is a high possibility of having sex together!" The only reply I got back was a line an emoji smiley face, which made me smile.

Saturday finally got here I took the kids to their grandparent's house to spend the night that way Charlie and I will not have to worry about getting home early if we don't want too.

I wanted to dress nice, but comfortable. I choose to wear a cute short tank dress with a sweater to cover my arms. With the hopes of getting lucky, I made sure to clean up my pussy hair. I don't shave clean, but I do keep my hair trimmed very neat. Hell, I always laugh that there isn't much there being strawberry blonde color. I put on a thong to help me feel sexy. 

Charlie shaved his beard, and he manscaped his groin area to clean it up. He put on a pair of jeans and a shirt. We both have been nervous and excited all day. We left the house at 6:30 so we can be at David and Laura's home by 7.

We didn't say a whole lot to each other on the way over until we got close to their house. Charlie looked at me and stated, "Remember Meg if either of us is not comfortable with any of this we do not go through with it."

"I completely agree I have told Laura that we are nervous about this and she knows that it is all new to us. She promised that they would go slow and watch for any signs from us before making any moves" I informed Charlie, and he nodded his head.

We got to their house, knocked on the door, and David answered it. He had a big smile stepping aside to let us in. Charlie shook his hand and gave him a bottle of wine for dinner while David kissed me on the cheek. We came inside and got comfortable; I could feel some tension in the air because of what might occur later.

I asked where Laura was, and David walked me into the kitchen to see Laura; she was getting the food out of the oven, so I offered to help her. When her hands were not full, she turned to me and gave me a hug and a kiss on the cheek. She chuckled as she told me to relax. I let out a deep sigh and nodded my head.

We got dinner on the table, we all sat down with a glass of wine and enjoyed a delicious meal. We all sat around the table talking and getting to know each other better. I noticed that the bottle of wine was empty. David went into the kitchen to get another bottle.

I was feeling tipsy; I will admit that the wine was helping me relax and be more open in the conversation. I could see that Charlie had relaxed and was enjoying himself.

Once we all got done eating, we all cleared the table together. The guys went to the living room to relax while Laura and I finished cleaning the kitchen. I was at the sink rinsing the dishes as Laura loaded them into the dishwasher.

We were talking and giggling like school girls. I felt Laura come up behind me and wrap her arms around my waist. 

I am not little at all. I am five feet eleven inches tall, curves in all the right places and C cup breasts. Laura is shorter than I am by several inches I would say that she is five feet six inches tall, DD cup breasts and big bubble butt. I would call both of us a BBW.

Laura gives me a squeeze moving her hand up my belly to my breast. I tensed up; I got very nervous. I have never had sex with another woman, but I have been fantasizing about it a lot lately. Laura whispered to me "Relax Meg, you are a lovely woman, and I have wanted to touch you all night." I lean more into her to give her a sign that I am interested in what she is doing.

I hear David and Charlie laughing at whatever they were discussing; Laura moved her hand down my belly to the hem of my dress. She pulled the skirt up and rubbed her hand on the outside of my pussy. I moaned to let her know that I like her touching me.

I reached behind me to find Laura's crotch. She had on a pair of slacks I put my hand between her legs to rub her pussy. "That's right Meg, touch me too. Feel how hot my pussy is for you?" I nodded my head letting her know that I can feel her.

All of a sudden there was a throat cleared behind us. I jumped nervously and moved away from Laura. David was standing there watching us with a cocky grin. He is a handsome man of about six feet tall, very fit you can tell he works out and is completely bald.

"So, starting without us?" David asked both Laura and I. I could feel my face heat up from embarrassment at getting caught.

Laura smiled walking over to David smiling saying "Yes I wanted to let Meg know how attracted I am to her."

Charlie walked into the kitchen with a curious look in his eye. Charlie is about as tall as I am and he is very fit also. He looks over at me raising an eyebrow as in questioning me of what was going on. Laura went over to Charlie informing him "You have a beautiful wife and I think it is time we all head to the bedroom."

Laura grabbed Charlie's hand leading him out of the kitchen. David walked over to me and asked: "Are you ready Meg?" I nodded my head to reply. David held my hand as we followed Laura and Charlie.

Once we got to the bedroom, Laura took control of the situation. She instructed all of us to get undressed. All four of us got completely naked. 

I know that I was shy about showing off my body. Charlie has been the only man to see me naked in a lot of years. Laura led both Charlie and me to the bed, and she instructed us to sit down. We followed Laura's instructions.

Laura started talking and asked us a question "Are the two of you ready to watch the other have sex with another person in the same room?"

Charlie and I looked at each other than at David and Laura; we both answered at the same time "Yes!"

Our unison answer caused both David and Laura to smile. Laura leans in giving Charlie a passionate kiss, as I watched them. She then turned to me and kissed me with just as much enthusiasm. Laura and I were doing a tongue battle to see who would get control. Laura won, then she pulled away from me. 

She got down on her knees in front of us; she went to Charlie wrapping her hand around his steel hard cock. David walked up in front of me stroking his rock-hard cock. Laura and I looked at one another before we paid attention to the man and cock in front of us.

Before I wrapped my lips around David's cock, I looked at him to see what he looks like and how he takes care of himself. David shaves his pubic hair very short, and his balls were completely hairless. His chest is very hairy just like Charlie's. David is void of any tattoos, unlike Charlie who has quite a few. 

I started stroking his cock with my hand as I lifted his cock to lean in and lick on his balls. With them being hairless I wanted to put them in my mouth. David moaned above me as a sucked his right ball into my mouth after sucking on it for a minute I switched to his left side. I continued stroking his cock while I am enjoying his balls.

I pulled off them then wrapped my lips around the head of his cock wiggling my tongue on his frenulum. The head of David's cock is very bulbous with a broad ridge. I started sliding down his shaft until I felt the tip of his penis touching the back of my throat. I gagged and pulled back to catch my breath then went down again relaxing my throat more being able to take more of his cock as I buried my nose in his short pubic hair. 

David grabbed both sides of my head to hold me in place; my eyes started tearing up before he started moving to fuck my mouth. I drooled all over this cock, and I can feel that he is ready to cum, but he abruptly pulls out of my mouth. I wiped my mouth off with the back of my hand looking at him.

He could tell in my eyes that I am confused to why he stopped, David grabbed my hand to help me raise off the end of the bed and informed me "I want my first orgasm with you to be in your pussy!" I smiled and agreed with him.

I noticed that Charlie and Laura were standing up also to swift positions like us. David instructed me to crawl on top of the bed on my hand and knees while Charlie told Laura the same thing. Laura and I were side by side facing the headboard. 

The men crawled up on the bed behind each of us. David started rubbing and caressing my ass; he blurted out "Damn you have a fat ass!"

I laughed and replied, "You mean flat ass." 

David kept rubbing me and corrected me "No, babe I mean you have a juicy fat ass!" I just shook my heading chucking no one has ever said that about my ass.

David reached under me starting to rub my pussy and clit; he inserted a finger inside moving it in and out getting me wet and ready for his cock. He pulled his finger out and lined the tip of his cock to my opening and slowly slide in deep. Once he was entirely inside me, he paused for me to get used to him.

I looked over my shoulder to see Charlie was fucking Laura she was breathing hard and pushing back against him to take his cock as deep as she could. It is such a turn on seeing Charlie with another woman, I was nervous that I would not be able to go through with this, but now I am so excited and turned on that I know that this will not be the last time we enjoy sex with this couple.

David slapped my ass to get my attention I yelped. Laura turned to me with a smile leaning over and started kissing me; I didn't hesitate to return the kisses.

I heard a groan behind me, and then I hear "God damn Meg that is so fucking hot!" it was Charlie excited watching us kiss.

It is a little awkward kissing the way we are on the bed. David pulled out of me and slapped my ass then instructed me to lay on my back. I flipped over onto my back laying on an angle slightly under Laura. Once I am in place David slide his cock back into me. 

Laura leaned down kissing me more passionately while I returned her kisses. Laura moved down to my breasts; she started sucking on my nipples. I arched my back to give her more access to my chest. I have never really had very sensitive nipples, but this was making them so pebble hard that they were slightly painful.

David had my feet on his shoulders, rubbing my swollen clit thrusting harder as he talks to me "You like that, don't you? Having all the attention on you?" He got quiet for a moment then he started grunting and started yelling "That's it, Meg, take my load. I am going to fill up your sweet pussy full!" He kept pumping into me as we both came together. 

When David finished cumming, he pulled out of me and laid on the bed next to me. I am breathing hard, and whimper as Laura pulled off my boob. 

Charlie is thrusting hard into Laura. I hear him tell her "I am going to cum!" Laura reached under her belly to rub her clit which caused her to have an orgasm with Charlie. Once they both came, Charlie pulled out of Laura and laid on the bed next to her. 

Laura then surprised me by crawling on top of me in a sixty-nine position. She started licking my pussy which started driving my insane I started moving my hips to get closer to her tongue. While her pussy is over my face, I felt a drop; I realized that Charlie's cum is starting to drip out of her pussy.
