 "Great, hon, see you Friday night," I said into the phone before disconnecting the call with my husband. Dropping my cell phone onto the bed, I placed my hands on Sue's head, holding it tight to my pussy, as I started grinding against her tongue.

"Yes, yes, yes, yes," I cooed when the first spasms of orgasm rocked my world, soft murmurs of incoherent babble coming from Sue's mouth as she increased her cunniligual explorations of my sex. I grabbed three quick rides on the Climax Train, the last one lasting a deliciously long time. As I caught my breath, savoring the lingering pleasure of that last one, Sue crawled from between my legs, sliding next to me, her pussy hard against my hip.

"So, it's a go?" Sue asked me between placing kisses to my neck and face.

"It's a go, babydoll; this weekend you'll spend with me and hubby in Arizona," I replied as I moved down her body with kisses and suckles, her legs parting to welcome me to her vee.....

'IT' was Sue joining me and hubby for a long holiday weekend at my home in Phoenix. He knew, of course, that Sue was my latest sexual fascination; he knew because I told him. He knew because my feelings about Sue bordered on obsession and unmeasurable lustful desire.

Why? I don't really know. Lord knows it wasn't because I didn't have a satisfying sex-life. No, it definitely wasn't that. But, from that first night, that night when I seduced her after answering her ad on Craigslist, she and I just sorta' melded into a cohesive relationship that was 'enough', for the both of us.

On subsequent trips for my work project, Sue and I continued our 'roles' of teacher/student, venturing out a couple of times to lesbian bars and clubs to troll for others to join us in threesomes. Never trolled for guys, didn't want to. Don't get me wrong, I was still a big fan of cock, but not when she and I were together. Sue's had cock in her life so it was not unknown to her, no, not at all. 

When I suggested that she join us for the upcoming holiday weekend at my home in Arizona, she eagerly accepted. When I asked her feelings about sharing herself with hubby and I, she quickly let me know that she wouldn't mind at all, that she'd like to experience 'being a sex toy' for he and I, if we'd like.

Of course, we'd 'like', silly girl.

"So," I said when I lifted my mouth from her freshly tongued snatch, "You'd like to see what being a sex toy is all about, would you?"

"Why not? Can't say these past few months haven't been fun, can you? If you think I'd like it, I'll try it," Sue said as she lovingly stroked my face, my cheeks, with her fingertips.

"Be careful, my love," I said with a smile, "I can get pretty kinky," lowering my head, once more, to taste her pussy.

"Counting on it," Sue gasped in reply to my statement...

After landing and retrieving my car from the airport parking lot, I drove us towards my home which sat on a mountainside overlooking the Phoenix metroplex. Hubby wouldn't return from his business trip until tomorrow so, this first night, it would be just Sue and I.

Within an hour of arriving home, I quickly went through the mail, sorting the crapola from what mattered, got Sue settled into a guest bedroom, leaving her to unpack. 

"Love the view," Sue remarked when she stepped out of the patio door to our pool/spa deck that overlooked the valley.

"Yeah, pretty spectacular, I must admit," I replied when I joined her on the deck and handed her a frozen Daquari that I had blended for us.

"So, is there an agenda for the weekend beyond fucking you and your husband," Sue asked with a smile of conspriacy on her face.

"Sexually? No, that's pretty much the gameplan; a lot of fucking and sucking pretty much covers it," I replied with my own smile, now.

"But, out of bed?," I continued, "There's lots to do here and great weather, usually, to do it in, so let me know what tempts you and we'll do it."

"Well, what tempts me at the moment is your hot tub; looks very inviting," Sue answered while walking to the spa.

"Then, let's do it," I agreed, "We can worry about food later," this being said as I slipped my top off of my body and over my head.

Sue smiled and started disrobing, following my lead. The water was already warm enough so I turned on the jets and lights of the tub while turning off the patio lighting. Stepping into the tub, I joined Sue on one of the sculpted seats of the spa.

Looking to the mountainside that was east of us about a half-mile away, one could see the twinkles that house lights produced now that night had fully fallen, pushing dusk out of its way.

"Wow, hope your neighbors aren't voyeurs," Sue remarked when she noticed those lights that were slightly higher than the level of my home.

"There weren't any homes higher than ours when we bought a few years ago," I remarked in answer, "But, as you can see, that's no longer the case. And, if any of them are voyeurs," I continued, "They've had a ringside seat to some serious sexcapades that have occured on this patio," laughing after I said it.

"I'm sure they aren't going to complain," Sue commented and laughing along with me.

"Probably not," I agreed, laying my body out to float in the spa, my head resting on the rim of the tub.

"Well, let's not disappoint them this weekend," Sue said, cupping one of my breasts with her hand and lowering her mouth, flicking her tongue quickly over my hard nipple.

"Love how you do that, baby," I cooed with closed eyes as I felt the stirrings of arousal invade my space.

"I was taught by the best," Sue answered, moving to suckle my other breast, afterwards.

"Glad you're such a willing student," I answered as my hands moved to gently hold her head as she sucked and licked my breasts and nipples.

As if she suddenly had a thought, Sue lifted her mouth from my nipple and looked at me, tilting her head to the side slightly.

"I've never sucked a cock with another woman; we are going to do that, aren't we?" Sue's look one of seriousness.

"Count on it, babydoll," I replied, "Hubby has enough cock for both of us, I assure you."

Sue just smiled in reply as she, once again, took my nipple between her lips and teeth, biting just 'short' of pain. Oh yeah, I thought, as I enjoyed the pain and pleasure from Sue's mouth, this will be a fun weekend, for sure.

"We're being watched," Sue said between licks to my pussy.

I was now seated on the side of my spa, my legs splayed open, my arms behind me as I supported my body with hands on the surrounding deck-plate of the spa. Between my legs, Sue was kneeling on the seat, with her head between my legs, sucking and licking my clit as she fingered me at the same time.

"You're paranoid since noticing the homes above us," I replied while stroking my fingers through her hair as she pleasured me, "Don't worry about it."

"No, I'm telling you, someone is watching us," Sue reasserted and lifting her mouth from my vee, "I have a 'sense' of things like this; I'm not wrong," saying this as she joined me on the tub's edge, sitting next to me, now.

Looking around, I didn't notice anything in particular from those few homes above us, didn't see anything that would support her 'feeling'.

"Well, if there is a voyeur out there, you gave them quite a show," I said, lightheartedly, as I softly stroked her cheek, then kissing her sweetly.

"Always aim to please," Sue replied teasingly, "Actually, the thought of someone watching sorta' added a thrill factor for me."

"How 'bout we shower, get dressed and go grab some food?" I suggested as I dried myself, standing next to the spa as I did so. Joining me on the deck, Sue took the offered towel to dry herself, her head nodding in agreement.

"Sounds like a plan," She responded with a smile on her face and my juices smeared across her lips....

"Ken, I'd like you to meet Sue," I said when Ken walked into the house the next morning, he having caught an earlier flight from his meeting.

"Really good to meet you," Ken replied as he gave Sue a hug of welcome when he joined us in the breakfast nook of our kitchen.

"Hungry?" I asked as I cleared the dishes from the table, pouring him a cup of coffee afterwards.

"Nah, babe," I grabbed a quick breakfast before I left the hotel, but, thanks," Ken answered with a smile as he sipped his coffee.

"Thought I'd take Sue for the fifty-cent tour of Scottsdale and Cave Creek today," I said, "Care to join us?"

"Actually," Hubby replied with a 'sheepish' grin on his face, "I've got a golf game with my foursome at noon, if you don't mind."

"That's fine," I replied then kissing him afterwards, "Just don't plan on anything for tonight; Sue and I have plans to use and abuse you," laughing after I said it, the two of them joining me in laughter.

"Well, hell, that sounds promising," He answered with a smile, "Gives me something to look forward to after a tough day on the course."

"Save some engergy for us, will ya'?," Sue teasingly said, obviously feeling comfortable enough with Ken to say so.

"I promise," Ken replied, smilingly...

"Ken's quite the good-looking guy," Sue said as we drove through the Valley of the Sun, driving north to Cave Creek, a small, exclusive, eclectic community on the fringe of the metroplex. 

"Yep," I said in response, "and as laid-back of a guy as you could ever want to find; I knew he was a keeper when I first met him and I haven't turned loose of him yet, not that I plan to," laughing afterwards.

Pulling into the parking lot of the restaurant that I drove us to for lunch, we entered and were seated on the veranda that overlooked the Valley, to our south. Lunch was grand, the Margaritas strong, the weather abso-fucking-lutely beautiful.

"I could get use to this weather," Sue commented as we sipped our last frozen concoction.

"Lots of people do, sweetie, but not so many enjoy the 'heat' season that can last up to six months," I answered, sucking the last of my drink through the straw, "Six months of triple-digit temperatures will send a lot of people packing for the northern climes."

"I can see that, but still..." Sue commented, her face showing that she was thinking hard about something.

"So, want to go shopping? Go to a movie? What? What's your pleasure?," I asked after I had signed the bill and stood to leave.

"Your town, your agenda; I'm easy," Sue answered, smiling.

"Yeah, I know that," laughing as I said it, "But, anything in particular that you'd like to do?"

"Actually, I wouldn't mind going back to your place for some swimming and tanning, if that's not too boring for you," Sue replied.

"Works for me..."

"So, how did your game go?," I asked Ken when he walked onto the patio, Sue and I both on floating loungers, as naked as new-born babies.

"I should've stayed and hung out with you two," He replied, a sad 'smile' on his face, "Couldn't putt to save my ass!"

"Aww, sorry, Ken," Sue said as she slowly paddled her float over towards mine, which was facing Ken as he stood next to the pool, "I hate it when my putting goes MIA."

"You play?," Ken asked.

"Since I was ten years old; asked your wife to play a couple of times since we've met but the only playing she wants to do is in bed!," laughing after she said it.

"Well, I can understand that!," Ken agreed with a smile that showed, clearly, he liked what he saw in Sue's nakedness, "Be forwarned though, she's a good golfer."

"Warning received, kind sir," Sue replied, her hands shielding her eyes from the sun, high above our house.

"Okay!," Ken declared, "I'm going to shower up and take out something for dinner; hope steak is okay with you ladies?"

Assuring him that it was, he waved us off, returning into the house to attend to his tasks.

"He likes you," I said absent-mindedly before I tipped my body off of the float and into the pool to cool off.

Joining me in the water, when Sue came up and flipped her wet hair from her face, she said, "Good...I'm glad," letting her hand slip over my breast for a gentle caress.

"You are okay with having him join us, aren't you?," I asked, more double-checking than doubtful.

Moving her body against mine in the water, Sue wrapped her arms around me, embracing me, saying, "If you're involved, hon, I'd fuck a monkey if you wanted me to."

Screwing up her face mirthfully, she added, "Okay. Maaaaybe, that's a stretch, but you get the idea, right?"

"Yeah, Sue, I get the idea," answering her, the lust showing in my eyes, in my voice, I'm sure, my desire for her making my heart beat a bit faster...

As usual, Ken's steaks were perfect, the baked potatoes and salad 'just enough' to sate our need for food without stuffing us. We had retired to the den with Brandy snifters in hand and had settled onto the couch. Well, Sue and Ken were on the couch, my choice of seating in a plush, comfortable chair, facing them.

We talked for a while, just general B.S. and when our snifters were drained, I offered to refill them, leaving Ken and Sue alone, a calculated move on my part.

"I'll be a few mintues; I have some stuff to put up in the kitchen," I announced as I walked off carrying the empty snifters with me.

I took my time because, in truth, there wasn't anything in the kitchen that needed to be tended to. After a half-hour or so, I refilled our snifters, returning to the den with them.

Smiling to myself, I quietly placed their snifters on the coffee table in front of the couch, returning to my chair so that I could watch the tableau before me.

Ken and Sue were kissing each other, Ken's hand softly caressing one of Sue's breasts and Sue's hand massaging his cock through the material of Ken's leisure shorts. I could hear soft sounds of arousal and excitement as they kissed and fondled each other, the sight, for me, causing a flush of warmth to my crotch.

I like watching Ken with other women, much as he likes to watch me with other men. Don't know why for sure, but we both found it exciting to watch the other with others. 

When the excitement became too much for me to ignore, I stood and took off my shorts and top, no underwear to worry about this night, my breathing becoming somewhat more excited as I moved to sit on the couch, placing Sue between Ken and I.

As they continued to kiss, grope and fondle each other, I began kissing the back of Sue's neck, letting my hand wander to her short's snaps, opening each in turn. When the snaps were all undone, I slid my hand into Sue's shorts, my fingers finding her clit quickly. Rubbing my fingertips across her clit, she moaned a deep, long sound of approval, moving her legs a bit apart for my play with her.

Breaking her kiss with Ken, Sue quickly pulled her top over her head, falling against the sofa's back afterwards, holding onto our heads as Ken and I each took a breast into our mouth. As he sucked and licked Sue's tit, Ken managed to get out of his clothes as I pulled Sue's shorts from her hips, her panties soon joining them, on the floor.

Returning my mouth to Sue's nipple, my fingers slipped into her wet snatch, sinking deeply as I began fingering her. Sue's hand had found Ken's cock and was squeezing, stroking with urgency. Moving so that she could take him into her mouth, I also moved to the floor, between her legs so that I could taste her, tongue her, eat her as she sucked on Ken's cock which filled her mouth with its thickness.

Oh damn, but she tastes so good, I thought as her scent and juices assailed my senses. Putting her legs over my shoulders, I pulled her hips with my hands, pulling her pussy hard against my lapping tongue. As I joyfully ate away on Sweet Sue, her head was bobbing up and down, gutteral sounds of satisfaction coming from her lips as she sucked harder and harder on Ken's dick.

When Ken could no longer contain his climax, he exploded with a loud grunt, sending a torrent of his cum into Sue's mouth and when that was full, onto her face and chin, her hand pumping fast on his cock, draining him quickly.

Ken done for the moment, Sue now concentrated fully on what I was doing to her, her hands holding tightly to my head as she moved her crotch against my face, faster and faster. 

"Mothhhhhhhher Fu........," She suddenly screamed when her orgasm ambushed her, "Aaaah ,aaaaah, oh damn," she groaned, followed by incipherable babble.

"Holy Shit!," Sue exclaimed when she finally caught her breath, her fingertips gently stroking my cheeks, Ken's cum-bath still visible on her lips, mouth, and chin.

Moving to sit between Ken and Sue, I lowered my head to hers, kissing, licking, sucking my husband's cum from my lover's face.

Yes, my lover....I really didn't want to think of anyone else as such; but Sue? Sue was different for me, very, very different.

"My turn," Sue said quietly as she moved to kneel between my legs, her tongue flicking over my 'little man', the sensation of doing so causing a tremble inside of me.

She took her time in pleasuring me, the whole while enjoying Ken watching, she was to tell me, later.

"When you're ready, stud, I want to feel that cock inside of me, okay?," Sue said to Ken, returning her face between my legs, afterwards.

She did. She felt Ken's cock inside of her.

"Mmmmmph, mmmmmmmph," Sue's mouth cooed into my pussy as Ken pumped his dick into her, doggy style.

As Ken fucked Sue with increasing lust, our eyes locked, and we just smiled at each other, no words needed to say what our hearts were hearing.

Yeah, I know it's not for everybody...but it works for us, simply said.

Sue slept with us that night in our King-sized bed and gave each of us a good-morning present, one at a time. She having 'done' me first, I left them to their carnal desires so that I could shower and dress. Sue and Ken showered together after he and she had fucked, Sue able to coax another climax from Ken as she gave him a blow-job, on her knees, in the shower.

"Babe, I'm sorry," Ken said to me when he returned from taking a call in his home office, "Problem at the site, I need to fly out tonight back to Portland."

"Don't worry about it sweetie," kissing him afterwards, "Sue and I are flying out tomorrow night anyway so it's all good," I consoled him.

We spent the rest of the day at the pool or in the spa, sharing beers, sharing a doobie, and yes, sharing my husband's dick. He might have to fly out for business on a holiday weekend, but we made sure that he flew out a happy camper. Before we let him leave us to pack for his trip, Sue and I sucked his cock together, each taking a side for our tongue to baste, each taking our portions of his cum when he climaxed...

"Gotta' tell you," Sue said idily as we floated on loungers in the pool, "I like sucking dick with you; kinda' fun, tasting dick and your lips and tongue at the same time."

"We aim to please," I teasingly replied.

"You were right; Ken's cock is definitely enough for both of us."

"Told ya!"

"So, what's the plan for tonight since we're obviously not going to be able to fuck your husband," Sue asked with mock indignation.

"Guess we'll just have to fuck each other," I calmly replied.

"Works for me....."

To be continued... 