 I'd been divorced for six months when Jamie and I met. She was 34, twelve years my junior, and beautiful in a girl next door way. Her long and wavy sandy brown hair framed a pretty face beset with gorgeous hazel eyes and a warm inviting smile. 

We met at the pool at Sport and Health. I was training for a triathlon and she was taking a water aerobics class. Our eyes met several times after her class ended and when I ran into her in the lobby I asked her out for a cup of coffee.

She was the first woman I had actually asked out after my divorce, though I had used tinder a few times for random hookups. Those had been mostly unfulfilling and I'd recently deleted the app from my phone when I met Jamie.

Her inner beauty matched her physical beauty. She was warm and giving. She was fun, funny and playful and our initial cup of coffee morphed into a very close friendship. 

I liked her a lot and we soon began to date regularly but we both wanted to take it slow. I was hesitant to open myself up after my messy divorce and Jamie wrestled with her own demons. 

It was a month before we made love and it was an intense moment for both of us. We had a connection that transcended the physical and the emotional. It was spiritual. She intuitively knew what I wanted and I knew exactly what she wanted at any given moment. She climaxed several times from my fingers and mouth and then she came over and over as my cock thrust into her tight, wet pussy. It was, in my eyes, a defining life moment and I knew then that I was in love.

Six months after we started dating Jamie moved in with me. We still hadn't tried to define our relationship and we hadn't become monogamous but we had both repeatedly professed our love for each other. 

I had never felt so close or so in tune with another person. I couldn't imagine my life without her and she felt the same way about me but she continued to see other men with my blessing.

It was a strange dynamic but it worked for us. I had no desire to see other women but the option was open to me if I chose.

Jamie had been hurt when she was young and an open relationship was her defense against being hurt again. She assured me that she loved me and she was able to compartmentalize sex and love better than anyone I'd ever met. I wanted to grow old with her and she wanted the same but only on her terms. That had bothered me at first but it became oddly normal in time. Most of the other guys, and the occasional girl, that she hooked up with were one night stands but she had one steady guy other than me. They had been friends since college. She didn't love him but they did fuck several times a month. He filled a need that I couldn't and I learned to accept it.

I'd sworn after my divorce that I'd never get married but after six months I'd started to reconsider my stance. When I asked Jamie to spend her life with me she accepted but she insisted that I meet her other guy.

I met Carl for the first time shortly before my 1 year anniversary with Jamie. I had been curious about him since the beginning but she had resisted my pleas to meet him initially because she wanted to keep her "just sex" world separate from her "true love" world.

Carl was not what I expected though I don't know why. I'd seen tinder pictures of some of the men she hooked up with and she truly had no defined type. They were all colors, shapes and sizes and they spanned all age groups and socioeconomic categories. 

Carl was an average looking guy. He was under six feet tall and reasonably fit. He had a muscular body but a bit of a belly. He had a nondescript face and a smooth, bald head. He was a dark skinned man of African descent and wore thin rimmed glasses making him look somewhat nerdy but he had a commanding presence and an air of supreme confidence.

I wasn't sure what would happen when we met but I was surprisingly open for anything. Jamie and I had one previous threesome with a girl she met online and it had been an amazing experience. She didn't hook up with girls often and I had been content to mostly watch them together but watching my love have a body shaking orgasm while another woman licked her clit was everything I'd dreamed it would be.

We met Carl at his house and I found it slightly unnerving being on his turf, but Jamie made sure to make me feel loved. She held my hand and looked into my eyes. She smiled warmly and kissed me softly, and eventually my angst disappeared.

Carl made us a fine dinner and we drank a few good bottles of wine before we moved to the living room. He put on some music and we talked for more than an hour but it was hard for me to ignore the elephant in the room. Jamie sensed my uneasiness and she continued to focus her energy on me to quell my fears.

Carl had a deep but silky smooth voice that calmed my nerves a little but it was also clear that he was a man who was used to getting what he wanted, when he wanted it. He had spent six years as an officer in the Marines. He had risen quickly through the ranks and I could see why.

We'd been at his house for three hours when Carl stood up and pulled off his shirt. Jamie squeezed my hand and looked into my eyes. I felt scared and timid, which was not normal for me, but she told me she loved me and pressed her soft lips against mine. Her tongue dipped playfully into my mouth and she purred softly making me feel like the luckiest man alive.

Carl looked at Jamie and his dark eyes narrowed. A lump formed in my throat and my pulse quickened. 

"Where do you belong?" He asked her in a deep, firm tone. Her hand squeezed mine and then she let go as she rose to her feet with her eyes cast at the floor. She had warned me that Carl was very dominant and she'd explained that was a big part of their relationship. He filled a need that I couldn't. 

In everyday life I was an alpha male. I was confident and self assured but in bed I was sometimes passive and often submissive. Jamie was the opposite. In everyday life she was laidback and easy going but sexually she was demanding, confident and domineering. She gave direction and often took charge but I could tell by her mannerisms that with Carl she was very submissive. 

She stopped in front of him and he nodded. "Good girl. Take off your clothes," he ordered and she quickly obeyed, leaving them in a pile beside her feet.

"Jeremy, I understand your reservations. Jamie and I are just friends and have been for a long time. I am not a threat to your relationship," he assured me. "She has told me many times how much she loves you. What she and I share is just sex. It is physical but it is very raw and powerful. If you can not handle that you may leave now. Otherwise your place is beside her." He pointed to Jamie and I breathed deep to stop my angst.

My head was spinning and my heart was racing. I rose to my feet and moved slowly to her side. Her soft hand clutched mine and she squeezed it firmly. The warmth of her touch was comforting and I felt incredibly close to her.

"I love you," she said sweetly and I felt my heart swell.

"I love you too." My voice trembled with nervous excitement and my stomach was churning. It didn't feel real. It was like a dream and my knees were weak and unsteady.

"Undress," he barked sternly and I swallowed hard. 

I lifted my shirt over my head and dropped it with Jamie's clothes. My hands were shaking as I unfastened my jeans and dropped them and my boxer briefs to the ground. I kicked them into the pile and followed Jamie's lead.

My eyes were cast towards the floor and my cheeks felt warm and flushed. My cock was mostly flaccid but heavy and it looked impressive enough to give me a jolt of confidence. It was just above average in length with good girth and I'd never had any complaints but at times I'd felt self conscious about it.

"On your knees," Carl ordered and we both obeyed. We knelt side by side at his feet with our eyes cast down. My shoulders were tight and I breathed calmly to quell my fears.

"Jeremy, take off my pants," Carl said stoically. "But leave my underwear in place."

I swallowed hard again and then raised my head. I had never had a real sexual experience with a man and I'd never really considered it an option. I'd had one awkward experience shortly after my divorce but nothing had actually happened.

I had met the guy, Ethan, at the gym and we'd become friends. We worked out together and after a month or so we'd started hanging out socially. We both liked to fish and he invited me to go camping at a lake where he and his wife owned property.

We'd been drinking heavily after dinner and we were both pretty drunk. We were sharing a large family sized tent and there were several feet and a lantern between our sleeping bags as a buffer. I'd gone to pee before bed and Ethan was already in the tent when I got back. His pants were off and his dick was hard.

"What are you doing?" I'd asked incredulously. The lantern had cast an ominous glow on his face and he grinned. 

"You suck me and I'll suck you," he had suggested with unnerving confidence.

"I'm not gay," I'd told him and he told me that he wasn't either but his wife never wanted sex and he knew that I hadn't gotten laid since before my divorce. I passed on his offer and I never saw him again at the gym or otherwise.

My hands trembled as I unbuttoned and unzipped Carl's jeans. I was careful and tried not to touch him but my knuckles grazed against his dick as I tugged at his zipper and I got a clearer picture what Carl had to offer that I did not.

I pulled down his pants and he stepped out of them. The outline of his cock was clearly visible and it looked huge. I could tell by the way it hung that it wasn't fully erect but it reached into the leg of his underwear and swung like the trunk of a baby elephant. 

Jamie sensed what I was feeling and she touched my leg reassuringly. 

"Jamie, finish the job," Carl grinned. 

I watched with wide eyes as she hooked her thumbs into his waistband and pulled down his boxers. His big black cock popped into view and the musky scent of his body wafted over me. He had enormous balls and a fat, circumcised dick with a dark chocolate shaft and a bulbous purple head. 

Jamie ran her hands up his muscular legs and then licked the length of his tumescent shaft. Her pretty eyes rolled back and then closed as a soft moan rose from her chest.

It was surreal watching the woman I loved lick another man's dick but I was surprisingly not jealous. My dick grew rigid and I cupped my hands over it, shielding it from them as I struggled with my insecurities. 

Jamie sucked wetly and noisily on his big black cock. Saliva spilled from the corners of her mouth and dripped from her chin. Her hands played with his giant balls and she sucked hard on his bulbous head. She knew what he liked and she sucked gently on his massive orbs as she stroked his slippery dick. 

Carl placed his hands on her head and began to move his hips. Choking and gagging sounds filled the room and tears streamed down her cheeks.

Her hands cupped his firm ass cheeks and his cock slid into her throat. I'd watched her deep throat my modest dick with ease for almost a year. I'd never imagined seeing her struggle to take a whole dick into her mouth. I hadn't realized they came that big in real life.

Jamie gasped for air and copious amounts of viscous saliva coated her pretty face. She looked at me and smiled. I could see the love in her eyes as she silently beckoned me closer. Her hand moved behind my neck and she held me tight. Our lips met and our tongues entwined. It was a searing hot kiss and I moaned wantonly into her mouth. My eyes closed and I lost myself in the moment. My hands roamed over her gorgeous body savoring every warm, soft inch of her naked flesh.

Jamie had the perfect body. She was thin with soft, curvy hips and a narrow waist. She had slim shoulders, sinewy arms and perky breasts capped with taut nipples and small areola. She had a flat stomach but she had little muscle definition making her look feminine and gorgeous whether naked or clothed.

I toyed with her pert breasts and rolled her hard nipples between my thumbs and forefinger making her moan deep and low. I'd been amazed at how sensitive her breasts were the first time we had sex. My ex wife had practically numb breasts and nipples but Jamie could almost climax with breast play alone.

She squirmed and writhed under my expert touch as we continued to kiss like two horny teenagers.

We ended our kiss and Carl looked down at us with an amused smile. He grabbed his slick cock and rubbed it against her supple lips. Then he looked at me expectantly. I knew what he wanted and I swallowed hard. My dick softened and I turned my face toward Jamie. I'd told her about my one near experience and she'd laughed. She had dated and fucked several bisexual men and she found it a turn on to watch a man suck dick much like I was turned on watching her with another woman.

Carl shifted his hips towards me and his big dick pointed at my mouth. My mind was reeling and my body shivered. I parted my lips and he rubbed the smooth tip across them. I couldn't believe what was happening. It had theretofore been unfathomable.

His dick entered my mouth and my tongue touched the tip, tasting his briny precum. 

I closed my eyes and I felt his hand on my head. I had no idea what to do so I tried to mimic what Jamie did. I curled my lips over my teeth and I sucked hard. A large drop of precum dripped into my mouth and I swallowed, letting it slide down my gullet.

He pushed forward and his cock filled my inexperienced throat. I opened it wide and several more inches disappeared inside me. His heavy balls brushed my chin and then he backed out.

His ebony cock glistened with my saliva and I gasped for air. He fisted his cock and stroked it slowly as Jamie and I started to kiss anew.

My dick stiffened and she pulled me down to the floor. We kissed passionately and rolled over until she was straddling my waist. The taste of his cock was fresh on my tongue as Jamie guided my painfully hard dick into her frothy hole. She was as wet as I'd ever felt and she looked down at me with a sultry gaze. Her hips undulated and she smiled with a lust filled glimmer in her eyes. 

Carl moved over me and straddled my torso. He guided his dick into Jamie's eager mouth and she began to blow him with my cock balls deep inside her. Her juices flowed from her womb and soaked my pelvis and her saliva dripped onto my chest. 

His breathing labored and his balls tightened. Jamie backed off his cock, wrapping her lips around the crown of his glans and she stroked his veiny shaft as he emptied his balls into her mouth.

Carl pulled out of her ravenous mouth and she looked inquisitively at me. I nodded and pulled her to me. My hips thrust upwards and she started to quiver. Her lips met mine and his seed spilled into my mouth. Our tongues danced in the sloppy wet enclave of out joined lips and our pelvises slammed together violently.

She clutched at my sides as epic waves of pleasure coursed through her trembling body. I swallowed and kissed. I felt my body tense and I grunted like a wild animal as I pumped hot cum into her fertile depths.

Jamie collapsed on top of me and smiled. Her sweat soaked body stuck to mine and we looked deep into each other's eyes. 

"Wow," she gasped. She giggled and kissed me softly. "Wow."

Carl's dick was still hard and Jamie rolled off of my. She spread her silky thighs wide and he knelt between them. His cock jutted lewdly from his dark brown body. It looked ominous and imposing and I wondered how it would fit inside her small, sexy body. It looked like it would reach her lungs but she'd been fucking him for years and she kept coming back for more.

He pushed forward and eased the head of his long, fat cock into Jamie's dripping cunt. A deep guttural moan, like that of a wounded animal, rose from her chest and a blissful yet pained expression spread across her pretty face.

"That's it baby," Jamie sighed.

Carl paused and waited a moment before he fed the length of his cock into her murky depths. Her legs wrapped around his brown ass, holding him balls deep and her fingers clutched at his hips. He smiled and they began to move together as one. They twisted and writhed and his hips began to thrust. His body slapped hard against hers and she cried out loudly as she came.

He pulled out and flipped her onto her stomach. He pulled her soft, round ass into the air and re-entered her in a swift deft manner. Her body rocked fore and aft and each thrust sent waves rippling through her supple ass cheeks.

Carl fucked Jamie for thirty straight minutes while I watched and I lost track of how many times she came. They were both sweat soaked and they looked exhausted when he buried his cock deep and unleashed a torrent of cum into her well fucked hole. 

Jamie rolled onto her back and coaxed me to her. We kissed tenderly but our passion began to build. My cock grew rigid and I moved between her legs. I slipped inside her and the sensation was incredible. It was indescribable. She was wet beyond compare and warm beyond belief. Her hips thrust upward to meet mine and I reached for her hard clit. She started to quiver and then suddenly guided me from her velvety womb.

I knew what she wanted and I kissed her softly. I trailed butterfly kisses along the nape of her neck and then down to her sensitive breasts. I licked and sucked her nipples, alternating from side to side while she cradled my head lovingly. Then I moved lower and licked and kissed her navel. The rich aroma of her frothy sex beckoned me and my mouth began to water. 

I parted her red, swollen labia and looked into the shiny, pink depths. My nostrils flared and I pressed my tongue against her gaping hole. The taste was divine and my tongue plunged deep. I sucked cum from her hole and swallowed it like a greedy whore. My tongue flicked over her hard clit and she shuddered wantonly.

Jamie inhaled sharply and she held my head against her ravenous sex. I pushed my fingers into her pussy and rubbed her g-spot as I lapped at her engorged clitoris. Her body trembled and she cried out as she climaxed. Her juices squirted from her cunt, soaking my face and then she pushed me away from her hypersensitive nub.

I entered her anew and our bodies moved together as one. We moved in sensuous languid motions and my climax began to build.

I looked lovingly into her beautiful eyes and we smiled as I erupted inside her. My climax was powerful and it felt like every drop of cum had been expelled from my body.

I collapsed on top of her, proving my weight with my arms, and we kissed tenderly. My dick softened and slipped from her embrace and only then did I roll off of her. Our chests heaved from the ferocity of our orgasms and we lay silent and still for several moments. Her hand sought mine and our fingers instinctively laced together. My heart thumped and I sighed, content and happy with what life had brought me.