 "Hey, this is really terrific!" Bobby exclaimed, as he opened the present I had just given to him. "I can't wait to try this out!"

I had purchased a nice, high-end digital camera as a gift for Bobby for Valentine's Day, and he had bought some beautiful jewelry and lingerie for me. This was how the whole crazy thing had gotten started - I think every guy fantasizes about taking sexy photos of his woman, and this was the first time Bobby would have that chance with me. 

Well, it turns out he has some natural talent and a good eye as a photographer, and the photos were really quite good for an amateur. He caught me in some very sensuous and seductive poses, and he continued to photograph me on a regular basis for several months afterward. He even bought some professional lighting equipment and studied several photography books, which helped him improve his skills remarkably. 

Our little photo sessions were a lot of fun for me, too, because I liked modeling for him, and I liked the attention. I also discovered that being photographed in sexy and sultry poses was a huge turn-on for both of us. We always enjoyed some great sex afterwards, and Bobby always commented on how turned on and wet I became during our "photo shoots."

So, I decided that it would be a wonderful surprise gift for him if I were to have some professional boudoir shots taken, but this time by a serious photographer in a studio. My good friend Anna had done this for her husband, and she said that he was so appreciative that the sex was fantastic for days afterward. 

"Kathy, you have got to do this," Anna explained to me. "I hired Jake, who is a photographer for one of the local newspapers, and he free-lances for weddings and other things. He does great work, and I know that he is trustworthy and discreet."

I wasn't comfortable with being totally nude in front of a complete stranger, but I liked the idea of the professional quality photos. I knew Bobby would love them, too, so after some careful consideration I decided to surprise him and go for it. 

My initial appointment at Jake's studio was late on a Wednesday afternoon, and I arrived with a small bag of lingerie that I had selected just for this occasion. I had an assortment of lacy bras and panties, in a variety of pastel colors, as well as a couple of camisoles. 

"What types of photos are you interested in doing?" Jake asked me, while placing several of his portfolios on his office desk. He was of medium height, slender, and probably in his early thirties. He was good-looking, with a winning smile and warm brown eyes. He wore his hair a little on the longish side for my taste, but he was otherwise very well-groomed. 

I was a little bit nervous, which Jake had sensed, and he quickly put me at ease. He offered me a glass of wine, and we sat in his office and talked about the kinds of photos that I wanted for Bobby. Jake showed me a portfolio of his work to give me some ideas for poses. The women in the photos were all gorgeous, and I thought that they were all far better looking than I am, but Jake calmly reassured me that my pictures would be just as beautiful. He was very considerate, and I appreciated that he was trying to build rapport and make me feel comfortable. 

As I thumbed slowly through the portfolios, I began to recognize some of the models - Anna was in there, of course, along with several other women that I knew socially. Most of them were photographed wearing lingerie, but a few were actually topless, and a few others were posed as "implied nudes". Jake explained that the idea of these photos was to create the illusion of total nudity without necessarily showing everything. By careful lighting and the use of shadows, or the artful placement of props, the most intimate areas of the body could be obscured. These photos were very sexy and provocative, and I made mental notes of the poses so that I could recreate them when it was my turn to model. 

Of course, there were a few total nudes, too, but they were done tastefully and with elegance. I'm not an expert, but the nudity seemed to be understated and reserved, and the models were well-lit and beautifully posed. I admired their bodies, and I was a little shocked at who had posed for Jake - I knew some of these women from various dinners and cocktail parties, and they were the last people in the world that you would expect to see posing nude.

Jake noticed my surprise, and he chuckled a little. "Boudoir photography is a big part of my business," he explained. "I have a lot of repeat customers, and they get me a lot of referrals."

I complimented him on his work. "You certainly do a great job," I said "How long have you been photographing professionally?" 

"About six years. Come over here, let me show you the studio set-up that I have, and you can decide how you want to do this," Jake said. "We can take some photos, and then review them together on a monitor. We will then make adjustments and take more shots, OK?"

We walked into his studio, and I saw a variety of light stands, photographic backgrounds, a few props, and some other equipment. There was also a queen-sized bed, all white with white linens, which was used as a prop. I recognized it from some of the photos that Jake had just shown to me. 

"Let's start with some shots where you are fully clothed," Jake said. "That will help you relax, and get into a rhythm."

There was a white background already set up behind the bed, and he placed a pretty, antique cheval-style mirror in front of it. He positioned a couple of large lighting umbrellas so that their reflected light would fall softly in front of the mirror and onto the bed. He moved a couple of other light stands so that the bed was totally illuminated. 

"Stand in front of the mirror, and look at yourself the way you would if you had just gotten dressed and you were getting ready to go out," Jake explained. 

I walked over to a spot just in front of the mirror, and adjusted my skirt and jacket while viewing my reflection. Jake was working behind the lights, in the darkness, so he was totally invisible. He started playing a CD softly, and the background music helped me get into the mood. 

I heard the whir and click of his digital camera as he began taking photos. I could hear his disembodied voice quietly instructing me, telling me how to hold my arms, my hands, and how to pose.

"Good, now take off your jacket," he said, after a few minutes of poses with me fully clothed. 

I removed my jacket, and heard the camera continue to click away. I struck several poses, looking at the mirror. With a little encouragement from Jake, I then unzipped my skirt and let it drop to the floor. 

"Good, good - hold that for one second, good..."

I stood in front of the mirror, now wearing only a light blue turtleneck and pantyhose, with a bra and French-cut panties underneath. I had kept my heels on, too. 

"Good, now slowly pull your turtleneck up..."

I continued to follow his directions, and I slowly pulled my top up and over my head. The camera continued to click away. I began to feel sexy, and more than a little turned on. I started to breathe a little heavier.

"OK, good, good..." he said. 

I was starting to get into a rhythm, just as Jake had said I would. I tossed my hair, moved toward the bed, and as seductively as possible I slipped off my heels and then removed my pantyhose. I moved slowly and smoothly, and the non-stop clicking of the camera told me he was catching all of this.

"Excellent, you are doing beautifully," Jake continued to encourage me. 

Now wearing only my bra and panties, I climbed onto the bed, and started striking some more sensuous poses. At first, I used the bed linens to partially conceal myself, but then I became more daring. 

Without waiting for Jake's instructions, I reached up to my shoulder straps, slowly removed my bra, and continued to pose. I used my hands and the bed sheets to obscure my breasts, only occasionally allowing the camera to capture quick glimpses of my aroused nipples. 

"Perfect, perfect," Jake called from the darkness.

It was time, and I was ready. Here goes, I thought to myself.

"How's this?" I asked, tilting my head back, letting my long hair fall behind me. I leaned back, dropping the sheet from in front of me, so that my breasts were now completely revealed. In this pose, they were shown to their best advantage. There was no turning back now.

"Good, good, oh, that's great!" Jake said.

Emboldened now, I held several more poses, and then I moved off the bed and stood next to it. I hooked my thumbs in the waistband at the sides of my panties, slightly tugging at them. The camera continued to click in rapid-fire, and I began to slide the panties slowly down my thighs. 

"Very nice, very nice," Jake said. "Perfect!"

I stood there with my panties at my ankles, and my neatly trimmed thatch of dark pubic hair was plainly visible for Jake's camera. With my eyes closed, I slid my hands upward along the sides of my body upward to my shoulders. I let my fingertips lightly touch the sides of my breasts. My nipples were completely erect, and I was extremely turned on - I could feel the moistness in between my legs. 

Surprisingly, I was not feeling very self-conscious at all. This was the first time I had been nude in front of someone other than Bobby in a long time, but I was relaxed and comfortable. 

"Nice work, Kathy," Jake called from the darkened studio. "Excellent, we have some very good shots here. Let's take a short break, and look at a few of these."

Jake stopped photographing and handed me a white terrycloth robe. I slipped it on to cover my nude body while he turned up the lights in the studio. He plugged a cable into his camera and plugged the other end into a television monitor and turned it on. 

"Let's see what we have here," Jake said. "Would you like another glass of wine?" 

"Another glass would be perfect," I replied. The wine WAS helping me to relax. 

Jake began to scroll through the photos, carefully studying the lighting and the poses. I was surprised at how good the photos had come out - the lighting seem to highlight my best features while hiding my flaws. Jake really knew what he was doing. I was pleased, and I knew that Bobby would love some of these pictures.

After we had evaluated the first series of shots, I went to my bag and chose some of my other lingerie. I removed the robe, again not feeling self-conscious about my nudity in front of Jake. 

We took more photos for another hour or so, and I became more and more interested in the process of creating beautiful and erotic images. I struck poses in front of the mirror, on the bed, and on a small platform in front of a blue-sky background. We adjusted lighting, and I did both classical "fine art" nude poses and more seductive strip teases. My favorite was a shot of me in front of the mirror, where I am pulling my top off, and underneath I am completely nude. The photo showed my ass, while the reflection in the mirror also showed my breasts and my small triangle of carefully groomed pubic hair. 

I felt glamorous and sexy, and decided then and there to make another appointment for more photos with Jake. I was aroused and I had become very wet, and I knew that Bobby was in for some great loving once I got home.

"Let me make some prints of the better shots, and you can pick them up on Friday," Jake told me. "Would you like to do this again?" he asked.

"Absolutely!" I said. "How about in two weeks?" 

I got dressed while Jake walked out to the office for his appointment book. He checked his calendar and put me in for two hours at the same time, two weeks later. I wrote him a check for $300 for the photo session and left for home, feeling exquisitely feminine and VERY turned on. 

Bobby had no idea what had gotten into me that night, but he wasn't complaining. We made love twice that night, and a third time when we woke up early in the morning. I had several satisfying orgasms, and couldn't wait to see the prints of my new photos. 

Two days later, I stopped at Jake's studio to pick up the photographic prints. I was actually a little nervous, hoping that they were good, and at the same time not expecting much. It turns out that I had no need to worry, as Jake had done an incredible job. 

The prints looked even better than the photos on the television monitor. Jake had made some digital adjustments, slightly improving the contrast, air-brushing some imperfections, and brightening the colors. I was pleased that he had chosen my favorite mirror image photo as one of the best, and he had printed it in a large size on fine art paper. The glossy photos were impressive, and he had also printed a beautiful canvas of one of the best nudes. 

"Oh, Jake, these are wonderful! How can I ever thank you?" 

"Well, for starters, you can refer me to your friends," he said. He handed me several of his business cards. "Hand these out, and show your friends your photos. That's the best advertising in the world."

"Gladly, Jake! I would be happy to! And I will see you in two weeks!"

Chapter 2

"Wow, Kathy, these are unbelievable!" Bobby was thrilled with the photographs, and I was amused at his reaction. He loved the photos for their own sake, of course, and as an amateur photographer he was impressed with how Jake had captured both my inner and outer beauty. We sat on the large sofa in our living room, enjoying the photos as we spread them out on the coffee table. 

The last photo that we looked at was the large canvas nude, which I had also had framed, and Bobby was admiring it. 

"Oh, this is gorgeous!" he said. He was clearly aroused, and I could see his erection stretching the front of his trousers. 

Bobby's enthusiasm for the photos was surprising to me - I knew that he would love them, of course, but I hadn't expected this strong of a reaction. He was totally turned on as he reached for me, pulling me closer, and then giving me a long, lingering kiss.

Our mouths stayed locked together, and our tongues began to probe and tease each other. We fumbled with each other's clothing, and I reached down, fondling his erection through the outside of his jeans. I sucked lightly on his tongue while his hands began fondling my breasts through my clothing. 

We quickly undressed each other, not bothering to go to the bedroom. We stood naked in the living room, kissing passionately, and I felt a jolt of sexual electricity run through me. I wanted and needed his cock inside me more than ever, and I sensed that Bobby shared my urgency. 

I dropped to my knees, and took Bobby's cock in my mouth. I began sucking while I stroked his shaft, tasting his pre-come. He groaned from deep inside, but I didn't want him to finish in my mouth, at least not yet. I lay back on the sofa, and pulled him onto, and then into, me. I was soaked, so he slid his cock into my pussy easily, and he began to pump me vigorously. 

After several minutes of his thrusting, I was very close to coming. Without warning, Bobby surprised me and pulled out, quickly going down on me, licking my slit and sucking at my clitoris. I came violently, bucking wildly against his mouth, pressing hard against his lips as I went over the edge. 

"Oh, that felt GREAT!" I exclaimed. "Where did you get THAT idea?"

Bobby just chuckled, positioned himself in between my legs, and plunged his hard cock into my pussy for the second time. 

He pumped and pumped inside me, and I started feeling the stirrings of a second orgasm. "Please do it again!' I begged, "please lick and suck me again. Make me come in your mouth!" 

Just as I was about to explode, Bobby again pulled out and went down on me, his tongue and mouth getting me off for the second time. 

After my second orgasm had subsided, Bobby slipped his cock inside me and started pumping once more, and I opened my eyes and looked at him. His eyes were closed tightly, and his mouth was locked into a grimace with his strenuous efforts. This time he came quickly, and I used my pussy muscles to squeeze and milk every drop of come from his cock. He collapsed with a satisfied sigh in my arms when we were finally finished. 

Chapter 3

This pattern continued for four months. Every two or three weeks, I would schedule a modeling session at Jake's, during which I would get phenomenally aroused, and the result would be torrid love-making with Bobby afterward. Bobby and I enjoyed some very hot sex, and we gradually became more and more adventurous together. In addition to oral sex, we began to experiment with anal sex, sex in public places, and some light bondage with blindfolds - we were doing it all! 

In addition, my modeling ability was improving, and the results were actually quite good. Jake was always completely professional, and I had become a confident, relaxed model for him. 

He liked working with me so much that he had hired me to pose for a private camera club that he had started. What a turn-on - I spent two hours, totally nude, posing for seven or eight serious amateur photographers! And if that wasn't enough, he even hired me for a glamour photo workshop he was conducting one long weekend, and I became quite the exhibitionist - I was nude or nearly nude the entire time, with a whole group of photographers snapping away! 

Jake's studio business, in the meantime, was thriving. I had referred at least six other women to him, and they had become regular paying customers. It was more and more difficult to get appointments for studio sessions, since so many women were being photographed on a regular basis. Jake was busy, and these private studio sessions were his major source of income now. He had the economic freedom, for the first time in his career, to pick and choose his free-lance assignments. 

On top of all of this, Bobby had also met Jake several times socially, and they got along well. Jake was very happy to give Bobby photography tips, and they became good friends. They spoke on the phone fairly regularly, played golf and tennis together, and were occasional drinking buddies. 

So, eventually all this led up to my big idea. When I sprang it on Bobby, his reaction was both swift and amusing.

"You want to do WHAT?" Bobby asked, not sure he was hearing me correctly.

"I said, I want to do Jake while you watch," I repeated, matter-of-factly. "He wouldn't know you were there, of course. You would be hidden, maybe in the closet." 

He considered this for a few moments, and I could tell that he was seriously thinking about the idea. 

I added, "Listen, I have been posing for Jake for about four months now. He is always completely professional, and never says or does anything inappropriate during our sessions. It's the same with all our friends who have been photographed by him, they have all told me that he is a complete gentleman the entire time they are posing."

"But," I continued, "I've been thinking about this for awhile, and the idea of you watching while I fuck him is really a turn-on for me. I get wet just thinking about it. After we're done and he leaves, I will make sure you have the best sex of your life!"

Bobby continued thinking for a moment, and it was obvious that the idea had some appeal to him. We had done a few kinky things together, but this would certainly top any of the other fantasies that we had recently acted out. 

"Have any of your other friends done this?" he asked, quietly. 

"Not that I know of. That is, I really don't think so, but who knows? He's a good-looking guy, he is unattached, and he has a lot of women posing nude for him," I replied. 

"How would we set this up? He can't know," Bobby asked. 

"I've thought about that. As you know, I have my photos taken every three or four weeks, and I always stop by his studio a couple days later to pick up the prints," I said. "This time, instead of picking them up, I will ask him to deliver them to me here. I will give him a glass of wine, we'll look them over the pictures together, one thing will lead to another, and..." I let my voice trail off. 
