 This story is true. It will, hopefully, be the first in a series telling the real-life story of how my wife and I began dipping into the tantalizing world of group sex and free love. The names have been changed (obviously). This is the first time I've written our adventures down, and any comments or feedback via email would be appreciated. 




This happened about two years ago, as my wife and I learned to open up and explore our raging sexual appetites. It's been a lot of fun, and I'm excited to share our adventures with you. Let me back up first, and introduce Melissa and I.

We both grew up in very strict religious communities, environments we now recognize as sex-negative and misogynistic (basically, cults). We married young, Melissa 21 and I barely 22. We fooled around before marriage but somehow managed to remain virgins, probably due to the release we found in hungry kisses and fevered petting sessions. 

Although this is a true story, I can tell you without exaggeration that Melissa is a stunner. We met in college, working together at...the cleaners. Weird, right? I remember the first time I saw her—she'd just rung up a customer and she was putting money back in the cash register, a habit she did dozens of times per day. But there was something sweet, something graceful about her movements. Melissa stands about 5'7", a nice slim 120 pounds or so. She has a great figure: long legs that she loves to show off, a firm, round ass and breasts...those breasts. 

Let's just say we've both enjoyed exploring her body and learning all the pleasure we can get from it. Back to that first day. She had on a nice tight yellow tank top, exposing just a hint of those lovely freckled shoulders. Her auburn hair flowed down to her shoulders, with pretty black streaks dyed in. I was hooked!

We hit it off right away, and began dating that semester—my last before graduation. Needless to say, we spent a fair amount of time in the back room at the cleaners. I'll never forget those first moments of discovery, with Melissa's big brown eyes looking up at me as she unzipped my jeans for the first time, fishing out my cock and settling her plump lips around my head.

She'd never tasted or even seen a man's dick before (I told you we grew up sheltered). And I'd certainly never kissed my way down a beautiful girl's stomach, taking in her dizzying scent and hearing her beg me to kiss her pussy. We've all been there, those incredible first moments of discovery with someone we love and cherish. But I'd like to think Melissa and I had an unusual spark, a freedom with each other's bodies and hearts and set us on a path for years of sexy fun.

The months after I graduated from college were a whirlwind. I found a surprisingly good job back home in Michigan, and Melissa graduated and joined me. We married soon after, found a decent apartment and settled into what soon became a comfortable routine. We both worked hard, saved money, and took a few trips here and there. 

The sex was good, and Melissa proved a formidably horny partner. Several times in our first year of marriage I had to beg for mercy after we fucked until the wee hours; her appetite was just insatiable! Not that I minded, of course, especially after a long fuck session when she would kneel in front of me, look into my face with those big brown eyes and quietly urge me to cum all over her.

More than once I thought I would faint with pleasure as her soft, skillful hands brought me to orgasm and my cum shot onto her gorgeous 34DD tits. Oh, those tits! I could go on, but maybe you'll just have to attend one of our swinger parties and see them for yourself. 

You probably figured out that we have something of a cum fetish. I don't know how or when it began, I just know that we both really enjoyed seeing me shoot my load as the end to a passionate lovemaking session. I can't even count how many times I've cum on Melissa's round ass after fucking her doggy style, on her shoulders, hair and tits thanks to a delicious handjob, or into her sweet, tight mouth. 

Now, Melissa's pleasure plays a huge role in this story too. Like many couples, figuring out what she likes and needs in the bedroom came slower than it did for me. But we were both determined, and with her love for sex it was a foregone conclusion that soon she'd be an orgasm machine (pardon the phrase). The key for her turned out to be masturbation, as I imagine it is for many women. 

Her first orgasm came on a bitter cold wintry afternoon, with the shades drawn and Melissa lying comfortably, naked, on our bed. She had asked me to kiss her neck and breasts while she played with herself, to which I, of course, agreed. I remember hoping that this would be the day she'd finally experience release, and I urged her to explore herself and hold nothing back. 

Gently kissing her neck, I stroked back her hair and inhaled her delicious fragrance, tracing my fingers slowly down to her navel. That's always been one of her erogenous zones, and I knew enough to hold off from pleasuring her too much there until she was more ready. So I just kept on going, fingering that ultra-sensitive spot between her pussy lips and her asshole.

This was another favorite spot of hers, and on this occasion it drove her wild. Her fingers got to work, one lightly caressing her clit and the other plunging deep inside her pussy. I could actually hear her fingers busily working as I pulled myself up on an elbow and kissed her deeply. It wasn't long before she began arching her back and crying out. 

"Oh god Craig. Please...just...please keep it up. Touch me more, kiss me everywhere..." I slipped down to her stomach and kissed around her navel, teasing her before tonguing inside. She gasped, and I heard her fingers speed up. She gave one more cry, and she was cumming.

Cumming for me, for us. I hugged her leg, trying to show her I was there for her and enjoying her orgasm along with her. She shivered, her breath caught and then she collapsed heavily onto the bed, feverish and delighted. We kissed long and sweetly, then laughed and enjoyed that feeling of relief when you finally achieve something you've wanted for a long, long time.

As you can imagine, our high sex drives kept us pretty busy in the bedroom. Like every couple, we had times where we needed to be apart or to rest, but there was no keeping us apart for long. There was a theme that emerged as we got to know each other better, though: my wife was bisexual. 

It came out one night a few months after Melissa's first orgasm as we lay in bed talking. She'd had a few very close female friends in high school and college and it seemed like she was always reminiscing about how much fun she had with them, and how much she missed their company. 

This night was no exception; Melissa was chatting wistfully about her friend Stephanie, a roommate from college. Melissa had described Stephanie in glowing terms before: she was tall, nearly six feet, with VERY long, supple legs and gentle curves. Cute as a button with cropped blond hair, she was one of those people who was effortlessly popular but didn't rub you the wrong way as one of those popular people. 

She just made you feel comfortable, and she certainly made Melissa happy. "We used to lie in her bed for hours, just talking and listening to music," she was saying. "Sometimes, we would share earbuds and cuddle a little. Craig!" She yelled suddenly, turning towards me in bed and, in the process, making her soft hair tumble over her shoulder and between her cleavage. 

I was distracted by this but managed some kind of mumbling reply. "Yes?" She looked me full in the face, those brown eyes once again locking me in. "I just realized something. All those hours in her bed, talking and cuddling...I think I was really attracted to her. I mean, if she had asked me to kiss her or something, I totally would have." 

Her earnestness was so cute, and the way her body looked laid out on the bed in just a skimpy tank top and panties was quite alluring. I cupped her face in my hands and told her how much I appreciated her sharing her secret with me. Soon, our hands began roving, and before long our bodies were entwined. As I thrust myself deep inside her from behind, she reached between her legs and played with her clit. 

"God yes, fuck me harder. Imagine Stephanie is here with us, urging you on, kissing me and playing with my big heavy tits while you fuck me. Please Craig, fuck me!" This hot fantasy put me over the edge, and I groaned and pulled out of her, ready to give her a nice huge load. She got off the bed and knelt on the floor, patting the carpet in front of her. "Come on, you stud. Get over here and give Stephanie and I your cum. We'll hold our boobs in front of you, and you jerk off on them. Come here." 

She tucked her hair behind her ears and bit her lower lip in anticipation as I took my place in front of her, pumping my cock, desperate to cum. Those eyes found me again and I gaped, trying to take in her sumptuous body, her smile and her hair all at once. I gave three more jerks on my dick and came, grabbing Melissa's pretty shoulder at the last instant and calling out her name. 

I sent five large spurts of cum onto her neck and breasts, and kept pumping as more dribbled out onto her chin. "God!" she exclaimed. "What a load. I can tell this threesome fantasy is a favorite of ours." As she reached up and grabbed the base of my cock, preparing to suck me dry, I knew she was right. 

"Why haven't you put the ad up yet? I know you want to see me kissing another girl and tasting her pussy." It was a week later, and Melissa and I had just settled into our booth at the local greasy spoon diner. "Sheesh!" I exclaimed, more delighted than annoyed, really. 

"It's been a busy week, sorry honey. We'll work on the ad tonight. Try to keep your voice lower in here! What if someone heard us?" She flashed me a wicked smile and pulled the neck of her scoop-neck t-shirt lower, showing off that delicious rack. "So what if they did? Maybe the waitress wants a taste." 

This is always how it went. While we were both horny bastards, Melissa was the more adventurous of us two and the one who always pushed the envelope. We had decided to put an ad on Craigslist looking for a female threesome partner, but I kept putting it off because I didn't know how to write the ad and the whole process was a little scary. What if only nasty guys responded? Would it be dangerous? That night, though, we finally got down to business. 

"Looking for a fun, relaxing time with a professional, in-shape couple? Send us a message. We are looking for a fun hangout, some drinks and possibly more. Please be sane, under 30 and respectful."

That seemed harmless enough, if not a dizzyingly sexy introduction. Melissa celebrated with a rum and Coke on the couch as I hit *click* on the mouse, officially publishing our ad. "I cannot wait for the messages to come pouring in!" she exalted, plainly feeling that the hottest women in our area would turn out en masse for a chance to watch us fuck and to make love to her. 

And, who could blame her for thinking so? We're both athletic, in shape, fun to be around and, above all, horny as hell. We'd decided that this would be a soft threesome, which for those not accustomed to the group sex scene, meant that our new partner and I would not touch. 

She could watch us, and I could watch Melissa and her, but that was all. This arrangement was fine by me, as I was still pinching myself in disbelief at my good fortune. Besides, Melissa had reassured me as she sucked my cock that morning in bed that if our sexy friend was willing, I could certainly deposit my cum all over them both before the night was over. 

The replies came early and often, as anyone who's posted a similar ad can attest to. Many of them were spam or guys posing as women, yes, but we both learned a lot about navigating this new and exciting world, and when this email filtered into our inbox we knew we had a winner:

"Hey guys. This is only my second time doing this so I'm kind of inexperienced, but you both sound really fun and like what I'm looking for. I'm a 20 year old college student in your area, and I'm pretty boring honestly...except that I like group sex and watching loving couples fuck if you like my message, let's get together soon and have dinner or something. Trust me, I am already wet just thinking about seeing you. Love, Heidi"

We were both struck by the lack of desperation, and the calm attitude was similar to our own. Melissa wrote back eagerly, attaching a picture of her in just a t-shirt, facing away from the camera and smacking her nice, round ass. She asked Heidi to send at least a face picture and told her that weekend would be perfect for a meetup. 

Melissa yelped when, about five minutes later, a reply appeared. Charging to the computer, she tapped to open the message and the grin I saw on her face was all the proof I needed. Heidi was very similar to Melissa in build, average height and slim. The picture she sent showed off her beautiful blonde hair and her gorgeous face, with big, green eyes star out at us from the screen. 

She was wearing a yellow string bikini, and although the picture was cropped just below her shoulders we could both tell this was a beautiful woman who we'd be honored to have share our bed. She and Melissa exchanged a few more pleasant messages that evening, and when we went to bed Melissa begged me to kiss and lick her pussy until she came for me. 

I obliged, of course, teasing her clit with soft, quick strokes and occasionally plunging a finger or two insider her as a surprise. I'm fairly sure we were both thinking of Heidi, and Melissa's body soon rocked with the first waves of orgasm. This was going to be fun.

The bell above the diner jingled as Melissa and I walked in, and I smiled, realizing that this quaint little place was again about to play a big part in our sexy adventure. The warmth of the diner felt great as we stomped the snow off our boots and took in the place for the millionth time. 

We settled into our usual booth, both of us nervous and giddy as could be. Melissa grabbed my hand from across the table, her fingers gripping me with surprising force. "Craig," she began, her pretty face looking out at me from under her warm knit cap, "This is going to be fun. You don't need to be nervous, I love you and this is just going to make us stronger."

She slid her hand under the table and gave my crotch a friendly rub, and as she did so, the door jingled again and in walked our hot new friend. Melissa was facing the door and got the first look, and she winked at me in anticipation.

Heidi was breathtaking. She wore a pair of tight-fitting jeans and large, fashionable snow boots. Tucked into her jeans was a white blouse which dipped a full four inches below her neck, exposing a generous portion of her breasts. My mind reeled at the thought of my pretty young wife kissing and licking that cleavage as I fucked her on our floor, and it took an effort to offer a more polite introduction. 

"Heidi, I presume?" I almost shouted, blushing furiously at clumsiness. "That's me!" she responded happily, clearly trying to do her part to overcome the awkwardness. Melissa, for her part, jumped out of the booth and squeezed Heidi tight. 

"Welcome!" she said, sitting back down and patting the both beside her. Hedi smiled graciously and took her seat. "Great," I thought. "We are coming on way too strong, this poor girl is gonna get scared off." Heidi showed no sign of being scared, though. We ordered dinner and relaxed, making the usual introductions and chatting idly about our lives. Heidi was from Norway originally, a rather exotic tidbit but not all that unusual in the Midwest. 

Her golden curls bounced about her faced as she talked, and I could tell Melissa was entranced. She gave me a few winks during the meal, and before long I saw her arm snake its way around Heidi's waist in a gesture that was equal parts chummy and flirtatious. 

Heidi clearly didn't mind, as several times I caught her taking a peek down Melissa's shirt, not even trying to conceal her growing lust. When the check came, Heidi asked if we were free afterwards. "Well..." Melissa said, eyeing me. "We are free, yes. Would you like to come over, Heidi?" Our new friend nodded slowly, thinking hard. "I like you two a lot," she said. "I would like to get to know you better. And Melissa, I need to kiss you tonight or I'll go insane. I can't stop checking you out, and I need to feel our bodies together." 

That was all I needed to hear, that's for sure. In what seemed like seconds, our two cars were peeling out of the diner parking lot and toward our apartment.

Melissa studied my face as she unzipped my jeans in the car. "So..." she said, gently massaging my balls and my growing cock. I nodded. "She's great, Melissa. You know, I think this whole threesome thing is easier than--"my breath caught as she sucked the head of my dick into her mouth, letting her tongue lazily lap up the pre-cum that had formed there. 

"Wow," she said around my cock, "seeing your hot wife flirting with another woman sure got you fired up, babe. I bet you're going to give me a nice hard fuck while she watches. She'll play with herself and get a nice view of you hammering me like you always do." 

My intentions on rationally discussing the situation as we drove home were clearly out the window, and I actually had to stop her in a minute as her eager mouth brought me to the brink of an orgasm. She reclined back in her seat and looked at me as she tugged down her jeans, moved aside her red panties and plunged two fingers in her sopping pussy. 

"Look at me, baby," she moaned, "I'm going to show her just what I like. My first time having a girl pleasure me. Should be fun, huh?" She gasped and slipped a finger in her asshole. I groaned and nearly drove off the road, but somehow kept a steady course. I wondered if Heidi could see my wife's legs up on the dashboard as she drove behind us. There would be no doubt in her mind what she was up to.

The three of us scurried up the stairs to our apartment, shivering and cursing the cold and snow. "Damn!" Heidi grunted as we pulled open the door to our place. "Oslo has nothing on Michigan. Amazing storm!" Soon our coats and boots were piled on the floor and we were warming ourselves with some hot cocoa (Swiss Miss mix, our favorite).

It was only 7 o'clock or so and a Friday night, so we decided to take it easy and let the evening unfold naturally. We popped in a copy of Bridesmaids, one of Melissa's favorite movies and just raunchy enough to set the mood right. I took up my position on our loveseat, while Melissa and Heidi plunked down on our large leather couch across from me and next to the TV. 

I tried to act the part of the gentleman, not pushing for anything and offering the ladies more to drink and blankets as the storm worsened and what little sunlight there was began to fade. The ladies cuddled close, and it was obvious there was a lot of affection between them. 

They had hardly stopped chatting since we arrived home, and were well on their way to being fast friends. When Heidi got up to use the restroom, Melissa motioned me over to the couch.

"Craig, honey," she began. "I know you think I'm absolutely out of control and a total freak in bed." I laughed. She was both of those things, and more. "But I need your help. When Heidi comes back, say something to get things started? I am too scared to make the first move and I need to kiss her and make love to her. Please?" 

What man in his right mind wouldn't do his best to help in such a situation? I told Melissa I'd be happy to do as she asked. In thanks, she whispered a delightfully dirty proposition in my ear. "And please," she breathed. "I need the two of you to pleasure me together...just do something unexpected that will make me crazy."
