 Tom

With me being retired and Eileen working part-time in her own business it means we can take advantage of last minute holiday offers if they come our way.

Just over a month ago I bumped into an old work colleague who offered me the use of his apartment in the "Food Capital of Ireland" for a long w/e. He said it might be quiet enough but the restaurants were good, the Guinness excellent, the pubs great crack and the golf courses challenging. 

We had never been and Eileen was really up for it rather brazenly saying that she had always fancied Irish men! I had to remind her we couldn't do a lot in my friends' apartment. 

We got into the village on Friday afternoon and found it quaint but rather out of season and a little deserted. 

I thought Eileen had both rather overdressed and underdressed for the night out for our meal in the local hotel and a mini pub crawl. Since I encouraged her to dress sexier and since her sexual awakening she does tend to dress to show off her assets. This time it was in a short black pleated skirt, lace top hold-ups, 4 inch heels, and a see through black lace vest. This actually emphasised and showed off her ripe 39c breasts but she did wear a light jacket over it. 

I wasn't complaining for it showed off her heavy breasts, her shapely legs and ripe thighs and when she strode out the bottom of the creamy cheeks of her big ripe ass, but I felt it a little extreme for this sleepy Irish town. 

The meal was superb and I think the elderly waiter fully enjoyed the view of Eileen's breasts as he was terribly attentive. I think she was a bit disappointed at the lack of possible suitable male talent in the hotel or in the more traditional bars we visited. Although in the penultimate bar we were in she described the young barman as "quite fanciable" and said as she was very randy would I mind if she picked him up.

I didn't really think it was a good idea as we had never really tried to pick someone up cold before and suggested that I ask him if there were any livelier places in town when I went up to the bar to order another round of drinks. When I asked him he smiled and looking across at Eileen said "with a lady like that I should have thought you 'd have enough entertainment." Following his gaze I saw Eileen had crossed her legs showing a large expanse of creamy thigh above her stocking tops and when she saw us looking she smiled and without pulling her skirt down uncrossed her legs and crossed them again giving us a flash of her big shaven pussy mound. The skirt rode even higher and she put on display her thighs above the stocking top right up to the bottom of her butt cheeks. 

He murmured that there was a livelier sports bar a few streets away but if he had a lady like her he knew where he would be taking her.

When we left the bar and followed his directions we could hear the noise coming from the sports bar and when we looked in saw that it was a really young crowd of mainly young guys. Eileen was all for going in but I demurred as I thought we would look quite out of place -- especially the way Eileen was dressed. I suggested we have a night cap in a quieter bar and investigate the sports bar on Saturday night. 

Eileen agreed with very bad grace and so we made our way to the bar of a nearby hotel. By this stage I was ready for bed and a session with Eileen but she was obviously wanting more. She said as no one knew us it was a glorious opportunity to have some fun. I said I would have found it alright say if we had got into conversation with one or two guys but I didn't really fancy trying to go into a crowded bar full of young people to try to pick someone up. I was rather shocked when she said she would find it fun and suggested that she go into the bar first and see if she got picked up. I could come in later and join her saying I had been held up. When I said I wasn't really up for it she suggested she would go in on her own just for a recce for the next night. She would have one drink and follow me back to the apartment. I suggested that to make sure she was all right I would go round the corner for a drink and meet her outside in about 15 -20 minutes.

I have to say it was with a mixture of both some concern and sexual excitement to see my mature wife, who was very provocatively dressed stride boldly into a bar crowded with mainly young guys.

Eileen

When I heard we had the opportunity of going to Ireland I was really up for it because I love the Irish brogue and think dark haired Irish guys are really fanciable. I was a bit disappointed when Tom said we couldn't do much in his friend's apartment and quite disappointed when it appeared he really was intending to go for the fine food reputation of the village rather than for a sexual adventure.

In fact bearing in mind how he was always wanting me to dress sexier I was quite annoyed when he said he thought I was a bit overdressed when I wore one of my short skirts and see through tops. 

I was also disappointed with the hotel he took me to because while it certainly lived up to its reputation for fine food there was absolutely no male talent in the bar or restaurant and I had to make do with the admiring glances of our rather elderly waiter. 

Our mini pub crawl didn't really generate any fanciable guys except one barman and Tom wasn't keen for me to try to pick him up. To tease Tom and him I flashed him a bit of thigh and possibly a bit of pussy when Tom was up at the bar asking him was there someone livelier in town. 

When we followed his directions to an Aussie themed sports bar I could see all the male talent appeared to be crowded in to one place and wanted to try it but Tom didn't like the ' idea of going into a bar full of young guys to try to pick someone up.'

We went to another hotel for a night cap but while I fancied a bit of fun and to be frank a couple of young cocks, I think Tom rather fancied an early night and me pleasuring him. He turned down my suggestion of me going into the bar and picking someone up and him joining us when I had done this but I think it quite excited him when I suggested my going into the bar for a recce and one drink and following him back to the apartment. He said he would see me into the bar, go to another bar and come back for me in about 10 -15 minutes. I said if he saw me with someone he could either join us and we would see if they were up for a session or if he wasn't up for it just simply go to the bar, have a drink and leave and I would follow him back to the apartment . 

He rather reluctantly went off for a drink while I walked into the bar.

By this stage I had quite a few drinks and any of my inhibitions had been removed. It was 'wall to wall, young Irish male talent with a few younger girls but there was definitely a good preponderance of good Irish beef cake from late teens to mid twenties and I remember thinking to myself "if I can't get some young cock in this bar I'm not going to get it anywhere tonight".

As I walked up to the bar I let my jacket open to show off my boobs ( which I have always thought of as my main asset) and I wasn't disappointed to see the guys at the bar and the bar tender check me out. I ordered a large G&T and made my way over through groups of guys standing around over to the nearest unoccupied booth. 

As I sat down and glanced back towards the bar I realised from the guys looking in my direction that my outfit had created quite a bit of interest. I caught the eye of one dark haired guy who had stepped aside to let me pass. When he smiled I returned his smile and crossed my legs to show him a bit of stocking top and thigh. That caused him to widen his grin and to come across and introduce himself as Seamus and ask could he join me.

I told him I was waiting for my hubby who seemed to have been delayed but that he was welcome to join me until Tom came. He really was handsome with dark curly hair, even white teeth and from what I could see in his tight white shirt and jeans was young and very fit looking. In addition he had the sexiest husky brogue.

Although only 24 and college educated he was the skipper of a local fishing boat which he had recently inherited from an uncle. He said that while he loved the life it was hard to make money with the fishing restrictions and local guys not wanting the hard work and long hours. He had been forced to employ an Eastern European staff to help staff the boat in order to get the hours in and make it pay. 

He said that in fact he would normally have been out fishing that night but they had made a good catch the night before and he and his crew were in celebrating. He grinned infectiously as he went on to say he might also be celebrating another catch!

When I asked him would he not be better celebrating with some of the younger girls in the bar rather than an old married woman he said that I was not only the most attractive woman in the bar but one of the sexiest he had seen for some time. He said I had it all fantastic hair, a pretty face, great breasts and great thighs and legs and he loved women who were confident enough to show off what they had! 

He asked me if I would like another drink and I said it looked as if my hubby was going to stand me up so I would have one more before going back to the apartment.

When he went to the bar to get our drinks I saw him chatting to a group of guys at the bar and when he came back he had three in tow. He asked did I mind if some of his crew joined us "rather than them standing at the bar with their tongues hanging out lusting after me." He introduced a red haired early twenties Irish guy as Pauric his brother and the other two as his international crew. One Ivan in his late teens was Latvian, and the other a very heavily built but muscular guy, Peter, in his mid to late thirties was Polish.

Paurac came into the booth on the other side of me to Seamus, while the other guys pulled up stools opposite me. The two Eastern European guys spoke fairly good English and appeared fairly gentlemanly and the conversation initially covered me, fishing, their countries and their families. I did see them ogling my breasts and nipples which I knew were fairly exposed in my lacey vest and I do find it a real turn on to be the centre of attention in a group of fanciable young men. I wondered when one of them would try to move things along. 

I noticed Tom come into the bar, order a drink and sit at the bar so I decided to go to the loo to grab a chance to speak to him. As I got up my short skirt which barely covers my rather large rear had obviously ridden up a bit because as I got up to squeeze past Seamus I felt his hand brush it down and he whispered " you don't want to be showing the whole bar that fantastic ass."

Tom followed me out to the loo and said that he wasn't really up for picking someone up tonight and certainly not four. He suggested that I simply thank the guys for the drink and leave. I suggested he head back to the apartment and I would finish my drink with the guys, buy them a drink and follow him. He agreed to this with very bad grace. 

Tom

I soon realised Eileen wanted to get laid by someone as well of or perhaps instead of me when she suggested going into a very lively bar packed with young guys. I was tired and didn't want the hassle and to be frank was slightly concerned that we would end up with some guys back in my friends' apartment. 

However she was so keen and horny that I decided to go with the flow and go for a drink round the corner while she did a recce in the bar. I sank a quick couple of pints and returned about 15 minutes but no sign of Eileen outside of the pub. When I went into the bar I saw her in the middle of a group of guys at a booth over across the room. She was laughing and flirting with them and whether by accident or design was showing quite a bit of thigh above her stocking tops. 

When she saw me she got up to go to the loo and as she did I saw one of the guys pat her ass. I didn't catch all of what he said but I heard the words 'fantastic ass' and as I walked past them I heard them saying what they would like to do to her 'big ass.'

I caught her outside the ladies and asked her to thank the guys for the drink and leave. I was quite annoyed when she said she felt she had to get them a drink and would follow me back to the flat. 

I thought to myself that there was no way the guys would let her go without her putting out and I was right!

Eileen It was obvious I had been the topic of conversation when I was at the loo because as I pushed through the crowd back to the table they obviously hadn't seen me and as I approached the table I heard them discussing my boobs, thighs and rear and whether I would be up for it or not. 

I had enough to drink to make it feel dangerously exciting to see and hear that these four young guys wanted me and when Seamus got up to let me in I didn't object when his hand lingered a little long on my rear. 

I said I would have to go after I finished my drink but offered to buy a round. They wouldn't hear of me buying and persuaded me to stay for one more.. Parauc was despatched to get me a very large G&T. When the guys came back it was not just with one but two very large G&Ts I asked " Are you guys trying to get me drunk to have your wicked way with me?" Seamus laughed and said " Possibly the first and very definitely the second!" As he said this he squeezed my thigh and when I didn't object to this I felt him start to stroke it up to just below my stocking top. 

When I smiled at the back handed compliment and asked why such young and attractive guys weren't trying to have their wicked way with pretty young girls instead of an old married woman, there was a chorus of compliments about my breasts, legs and rear. I also felt Seamus's hand push my skirt further up and move further over my stocking top to gently stroke my uncovered thigh. At the same time Paurac suggested that I might like to take my jacket off and I saw the look of interest in four sets of eyes when my jacket came off as my vest very nearly showed off completely my boobs and nipples. Paurac said " Wow, your hubby is a lucky man those tits are absolutely fantastic."

As the conversation got a bit racier, Seamus's hand probed further up my thigh until it covered my uncovered mound. I must have jerked slightly when I felt him try to put a couple of fingers into me and as I sat back slightly and looked down caught Paurac's gaze at my largely uncovered thighs and Seamus's probing hand and fingers. I didn't want the other guys to know what was happening and leant forward slightly and as I did I felt Paurac's hand on my other thigh. 

It was exciting but slightly unreal to be sitting in a bar surrounded by young guys talking about their romantic lives, or in the case of Peter and the Latvian the lack of it in Ireland, while two of them groped me under the table and I tried to turn the conversation towards lighter topics such as holidays. Seamus eased off trying to get his fingers into me and said " I bet you look good on holidays probably topless and a small g string." When I said I had a range of swimwear including that he asked me how hubby felt about me showing off my assets. He seemed surprised when I said that Tom had encouraged me. 

Just then I felt Paurac's fingers probe my pussy and gasped slightly when he penetrated me and started to gently finger fuck me. Seamus having explored my pussy obviously decided to leave that to Paurac and he took the opportunity to put his arm round my waist and when I leant back into it I felt him gently cup the bottom of my right breast.

Having had one of what must have been two very large G&T on top of what I had drunk earlier I was sufficiently relaxed not to worry about them fondling me in public but I remember thinking that I didn't think I was really up for having sex with all four of them. So I gently removed Paurac's hand and said I really would have to be going. Seamus said to finish my drink and Paurac and he would see me home. The last drink must have been a very strong one because when I knocked it back I was slightly unsteady when I got to my feet to go to the loo I really did feel I needed escorted back to the apartment. 

When I came back from the loo I was relieved to see the the other guys had gone and as we left the bar both Seamus and Paurac put an arm round my waist and they asked me would I like to see their boat. 

We took a short detour down by the harbour and when I said it looked lovely with the moon shining on the water and the boats Seamus very gently bent down and turning my face kissed me whispering " nearly as beautiful as you." When I didn't pull away he got bolder and I felt his right hand cup and feel the weight of one of my breasts and as his tongue sought mine he pulled me against him and I could feel the hardness of body and his erection against me. 

We kissed for few minutes and I didn't resist until I felt Parauc come up behind me and I felt his erection hard against my buttocks. When I felt his hand go up my skirt and part my bum cheeks I said "hey I thought we were just going to look at a boat." 

I don't know whether I was pleased or disappointed when they released me and said " you really are so sexy , you can't blame guys for trying." Taking my hand Seamus said " well it's a lovely night let's walk up and look at the boats."

As we strolled up the harbour they pointed out their own traditional boat tied up mid way down the pier before taking me further up to show me the later more technological advanced ones. When I said I thought theirs was nicer he suggested we go on board.  

When I said "Hey guys, I really have to get back hubby will be worried." Seamus said " Eileen he can't be too worried if he let you go out on your own dressed like that." 

"So you don't like what I'm wearing."

"No we really do like what you're wearing and what you're showing but we really want to see the lot."

At that the two guys pushed me against the harbour wall kissing me in turn and hands everywhere. My boobs were pulled out of my top and described as " a fucking great set of tits" as they were rather roughly groped and my skirt rucked up round my waist to expose my shaven pussy described as " a fantastic big box that will take some cock." In my rather tipsy state I was fairly powerless to resist and I think they would have both taken me then and there but we heard some people coming.

I was hastily pulling my top up and my skirt down when I found it was the rest of the crew who were all grins when they saw what we had been up to. Peter rather leered and said "Sorry Boss for disturbing you we thought you would be on board."

Parauc " I was just inviting Eileen to have a nightcap on board." In spite of my protestations they wouldn't take no for an answer and I rather reluctantly agreed to have one drink.

I hadn't realised that to get on board I had to go down some steps and up a short wooden ladder to get on board and I was not wearing the footwear or dress appropriate for either but I had many willing hands to help me!

Seamus went up the ladder first and leaned over to help me as Paurac helped me up on to it. From the mutterings of the other two guys they obviously liked the view up my skirt at my exposed puss, thighs and bum.

The boat was not the prettiest of smells in fact it rather reeked of fish and I was amazed to see the cramped living conditions in the galley where we went for a drink. Initially I was rather relieved when it appeared that it was really only a night cap because to be frank I couldn't see anything romantic happening in such surroundings. But having downed my glass of wine and standing up to go I found that the guys had something different in mind. As I got up Seamus bent down claiming a 'goodnight kiss' and when I didn't object the rest appeared to take this as the 'green light' to get involved and I was soon being rather mauled by all the guys. My tits came out of my top and my skirt went up and boobs, pussy and bum were groped by four sets of hands. Peter the older Polish guy was particularly rough on groping my breasts with his big calloused hands. 
