 Clara Pennywhistle sobbed into her pillow. Afternoon classes at Mrs Castlewick's School for Young Ladies had just ended, and she had had a wretched day. She knew that her lessons were important. She knew that she had to apply herself diligently to everything her teacher asked her to do. She knew that her prospects of finding a wealthy husband would be greatly improved if she mastered the skills that she was learning. But, she thought to herself through her tears, she just wasn't interested in cocks. All the other girls seemed to be getting used to them. Clearly there was something wrong with her, and she'd die an old maid, doomed never to find someone to take care of her.

She wasn't scared or repulsed by cocks -- she just didn't get that excited by them. Take this afternoon's lesson, for example. It was their first practical class on felatio. They'd studied the theory in the morning, and seen Mrs Castlewick demonstrate the basic techniques. She smiled as she remembered the sight of their teacher -- so prim and proper, so stern and unsmiling - as she bobbed her mouth up and down on the cock of one of the manservants.

Playing the scene back in her mind helped to stop the tears. Mrs Castlewick had knelt down next to the man and had him turn side on to the class so the all the girls had a good view. His eight inch cock had seemed even larger with Mrs Castlewick's dainty hand around it, as she guided it to her lips. She demonstrated some basic techniques -- licking the end of the cock delicately with the tip of her tongue, plunging it into her mouth as far as it would fit, and wanking it into her mouth so that with each stroke the purple dome of his member rubbed against her tongue.

But despite all the demonstrations, Clara just couldn't get excited by the lesson. When it had come to her turn to practise, she had choked and spluttered and found the whole experience depressing. If she couldn't master even the basics, what on earth would become of her? 

Pulling herself together, Clara left her room and walked down the corridor towards the garden to get some fresh air in the hope that it would do her some good. Passing a door that was slightly ajar, she heard voices and peeked in.

The room was tastefully appointed. Two wingback chairs were set before a picture window that gave a fine view of the grounds, with a chaise longue against the far wall. Rugs of an Oriental flavour covered the wooden floorboards and paintings by well-known but not ostentatiously famous artists hung from the walls. The evening was drawing in and the gas lamps had been lit, suffusing the room with a soft, warm glow.

From her vantage point, Clara had a clear view of the room's occupants. Two of her fellow pupils, Diana Mapleton and Fanny Appleshaw, were seated in the chairs which they had turned to face into the room, where stood two men who Clara recognised from their lessons. Johnson, the taller of the two, was the owner of the first cock the ladies had seen, and at 10 inches in length it was also the longest. Fletcher had masturbated for the class, to demonstrate some of the common techniques that gentlemen preferred, and Clara remembered the copious amount of semen that had spurted forth when he climaxed. They were both gardeners employed by the school to tend the extensive grounds.

The men were naked. Both well-muscled from a lifetime of labouring, Johnson's bulky frame and tangled dark locks stood in contrast to Fletcher's slimmer body and blond, short-cropped hair. Edging the door open a fraction more, Clara strained to hear their conversations.

'Now, Johnson, Fletcher -- as you are both aware today we were taught the practical aspects or felatio, or 'blowjobs', as I believe the common expression is," Diana was saying. "Since the lesson, Miss Appleshaw has confided to me that she is not quite sure that she wholly understands the principles of successful felatio. Hence I have proposed this extra tuition since, if I may make so bold, I feel that I have a suitable grasp of the matter."

"Fanny dearest, I shall demonstrate upon Johnson and you shall observe. Then you shall take a turn with Fletcher and I shall provide encouragement and direction, and I am sure that in no time at all you will be quite the old hand at this business."

Such extra-curricular activities were permitted, and indeed required, at the school. It was a condition of employment of all the male staff at the manor that they make themselves available whenever requested by the students to assist in their learning and tuition. While some of the young ladies were somewhat shy about approaching the staff, most had no such qualms and took every opportunity to further their education.

Diana hiked her skirt and petticoats up above her knees, the better to be able to kneel down before Johnson. His prodigious member was already swelling in anticipation, for Miss Mapleton had previously availed herself of his services and the memory of the rush of pleasure as she had wanked his cock until he came all over the arse of Miss Appleshaw was still clear in his mind.

Taking a moment to marvel at the transformation taking place before her eyes, Diana leaned her face in to his crotch and breathed in deeply. The musky smell of his manhood combining with the sharp smell of fresh sweat and the dirt from his labours in the garden made her heady with delight, just as it had the last time they had met, in the shed where he kept his tools. She took hold of him, now fully erect -- 10 inches of thick, hard cock, its purple head bobbing up and down as the whole twitched with Johnson's arousal.

The scent from the monster cock seemed to envelop Diana like a cloud, blotting out her companions and the room around her. From her vantage point, Clara could see her slowly lowering her face towards Johnson's organ, her hand caressing the shaft with a tenderness that was almost reverential. Clara knew that she ought to feel aroused, but instead it was mere curiosity that kept her kneeling behind the crack in the door.

Diana paused with her lower lip almost brushing the end of Johnson's cock. Tipping her head slightly forward and cupping her free hand beneath, she let forth a thick stream of saliva, coating the first few inches. The excess flowed into her waiting hand, and she cupped it around the base of Johnson's member, sliding it along the length and at the same time deftly engulfing the head in her hot, wet mouth. Big though it was, being well-lubricated with her spit Johnson's cock slid easily between Diana's lips as she pumped the shaft with her slippery hand.

Johnson had been with the school for three years, and was well used to assisting the young ladies with their studies. Even so, and even though he'd been used in this way hundreds of times by the cream of English womanhood, he enjoyed every minute of his work. When he was demonstrating in the classroom, he was obliged to maintain a detached, professional demeanour. But in these private lessons, he allowed himself to express his pleasure. He moaned as Diana pumped him into her mouth, the end of his cock nudging the inside of her cheek with every stroke, adding to the pleasure and giving him the pleasing sight of a genteel young lady's mouth bulging with his common, gardener's cock.

Although she hardly realised it, such close proximity to a male organ had an almost narcotic effect on Diana. The smell, the feel of it -- above all the dirtiness of the situation she found herself in, sucking on the swollen organ of a servant, made her head swim. She was losing herself in the moment. It was all she could do to recall some of the finer points from Mrs Castlewick's lessons -- sliding her mouth away, she allowed Johnson's cock to rest on her bottom lip and gently flicked and caressed it with the tip of her tongue, tasting the pre-cum mixing with her saliva. It was that flavour of lust that made her notice that under her voluminous skirts, between her legs, she had grown quite wet with pleasure.

She slid her free hand up under her skirts and through the intricate maze of her petticoats and slips. Her bloomers were in the newly-fashionable French style and were cut to hug her figure, so that the silk was stretched quite sheer across her skin. Her fingers brushed the fabric and, sure enough, she felt the sticky wetness of her juices. She pressed more firmly and moaned softly as her lips spread slightly under the pressure. She began rubbing her fingers gently back and forwards across the damp silk of her knickers, until Jackson noticed the movement. "Miss," he said. "Are you touching yourself? Are you rubbing yourself, like?"

Diana stopped the motion of her hand, and stopped her sucking of Johnson's cock. She pulled it out of her mouth slowly and deliberately, and held it while she looked up into his face. "Yes, Johnson, I am," she replied. "I am touching myself. Why do you ask?" she added with an innocent expression.

"Why, Miss, only because I would very much like to see. It is a great pleasure for a man to see a young lady givin' 'erself pleasure while she is doin' likewise for 'im. All the best gents 'round town do agree that it is a fine thing. Only your skirts is in the way. Per'aps you could take 'em off?"

"Hmm. Well, I suppose that I should practice everything that may give a man more pleasure, so I shall do as you suggest. Fanny dearest, please be so good as to remove my skirts for me. And then I think you should begin to practise on Fletcher. If you get stuck, you may always just copy what I do."

"Yes, Diana," Fanny replied. While Diana had been demonstrating on Johnson, Fanny had been paying close attention to the lesson. Although, if she were honest with herself, she had been more interested in Diana's wet, welcoming mouth and swelling bosom than in the details of how she was sucking on the hard cock in front of her. As she undid the loops and stays of the skirts, she fleetingly wondered what it would feel like to touch the wet patch on Diana's underwear.

Fanny pulled the skirts over to one side, to leave Diana clad in her bottle-green silk knickers, silk stockings held in place by matching lace garters, a corset and chemise. From her vantage point behind the door Clara admired Diana's figure, her curving arse with its thin silk covering seeming more than naked, set off as it was by her fully clothed upper body.

Kneeling down before Fletcher, Fanny mustered more confidence than she felt and, trying to be as much like Diana as possible, she said, "Very well, Fletcher, give me your cock."

The site of his younger colleague receiving a slippery mouth-fuck from Diana had made Fletcher's cock as hard as granite. Pre-cum had oozed from the head. He didn't think he would last long, especially not since he had a perfect view of Diana who was now squatting before Johnson and stroking the outside of her panties with the fingers of one hand while clasping Johnson's right buttock with the other, pushing him into her mouth.

Fletcher took himself in his hand and proffered his member to Fanny. She lowered her lips to the head and then, at the last minute slid out the tip of her tongue and gently lapped up a drop of semen that Fletcher's hand had squeezed from it. Casting her mind back to the lesson, she licked delicately around the head before pulling back and asking, "Is that the right way to do it, Fletcher?"

"Miss, that's grand. But I tell you what, there's times for bein' ladylike and then there's times for bein' a glutton, if you take my meaning."

"I'm afraid I don't, Fletcher. Are you saying I should stuff myself with food?"

"Not food, Miss. But I'm primed and ready to blow after watchin' Miss Diana saucin' away on Johnson, and if you would stuff my whole cock in your mouth and suck as hard as ever you could, I would take it very kindly."

"I don't believe it is your place to make such requests, Fletcher," Fanny replied somewhat haughtily. "You are here to provide me with the opportunity to practice my skills, and I shall thank you to remember that. However, "she added in a softer tone as a look of disappointment crossed Fletcher's face, "if you promise to come to me in an hour or so to allow me more practice, I shall do as you ask."

"I promise, Miss," Fletcher replied.

"Very well, Fletcher." Fanny wasn't quite sure what was expected of her, but she supposed that this was an opportunity to practise a new technique and so she was determined to make the most of it. She grabbed Fletcher's cock and shoved it into her mouth, then wrapped her fingers firmly around the shaft and pumped hard while sucking and slurping on the head. From the way he was thrusting himself at her face, she deduced that she was doing the right thing.

Next to her, Diana was once again lost in the almost trance-like state that she experienced in the presence of a fully erect cock. The damp patch on her knickers had grown larger as she stroked her wet pussy through the taut silk. Her saliva coated Johnson's member and ran down her hand. She was transported back to the last time they were together, and the strange mix of elation, power and lust she had felt when she caused him to unload his sperm over Fanny's bare arse. The memory sparked a thought.

"Johnson," she purred, sliding his cock out of her mouth. "I want you to release your semen on to Fanny's face. I want you to spunk on her pale skin. I want you to shoot you load all over her gorgeous face. Will you do that for me? Will you do that while I touch my wet pussy?

"Oh yes, Miss. I'll cum all over Miss Fanny's face for you. Just you keep wankin' me, just like that. That's good. Oh, yes."

"Then take a step closer. You mustn't miss. Fanny dearest," she said, turning to her friend. "Johnson here is going to spunk on your face. It may seem a strange thing, but I'm sure you won't mind humouring me, will you Fanny dearest? You wouldn't want to disappointment me, would you Fanny?"

Fanny tore her eyes way from watching Diana masturbating herself through her panties. She didn't want a face full of semen, but she didn't want to upset Diana. She looked at Johnson's 10 inch cock, then at Diana and said in a small voice, "No, Diana. Johnson may do as you wish."

"And Fletcher," added Diana, "you will cum on Fanny as well. You will cover her sweet, innocent face with your cum, too. I want you to both spray her delicate features with your hot, thick cum." She looked up at Johnson. "You want to, don't you? You want to empty your bollocks all over my friend. You want to coat her lips and her chin and her mouth with your man-juice, don't you Johnson?"

"Yes, Miss. Oh. Oh. Yes. Yes, I want to cum on Miss Fanny's pretty little face, Miss."

Diana was wanking Johnson at a furious pace, her pussy forgotten as she was swept up in the perversion of the moment. Fletcher was still fucking Fanny's mouth, grunting like an animal with every stroke.

"Then do it. DO it. Cum, you slut. You pervert. I want to see you cum all over her. I want to see your spunk dripping off her chin. I want to see her wipe your cum out of her eyes. I want to you to cum all over here. Do it. Do it. Cum. Cum. Ohhhhh, yesssss."

Diana moaned with pleasure as Johnson tensed, his hips bucked uncontrollably and he cried out as jet after jet of his cum spurted all over Fanny's face. The first shot hit her forehead, the second landed on her cheek, and in seconds she was covered. Sperm dripped on to Fletcher's cock as he slid in and out of her mouth.

Out of her head with a delirious ecstasy, Diana turned to Fletcher and in a hoarse whisper said, "Now it's your turn. Cum on the slut. Cum on the dirty bitch's face. I want to see your filthy spunk all over her."

Diana's words tipped Fletcher over the edge. He pulled out of Fanny and took his spit-covered member in his right hand. He managed just a few fevered strokes before he shot a huge load of his sticky cum on to her upturned face. Fletcher was renowned at the school for the amount of semen he produced, and little rivulets ran down Fanny's neck and gathered at the collar of her dress. Her hair was a clotted mess where big gobs of cum had landed, and she had to wipe her eyes with the sleeve of her dress before she could open them and see the two cocks -- still hard -- that had just unloaded all over her.

Diana slumped to the ground. "Leave us," she whispered, waving her hand in the direction of the door. As the men gathered their clothes, Clara pulled back from the door and hurried to her feet. Her undergarments were sopping. She didn't think it was possible to get so wet. As she rushed off down the corridor, she couldn't erase from her mind the image of Diana plunging two fingers past the silk of her panties and into her pussy at the exact moment Johnson had cum, and the look of debauched pleasure that had come over her face. It had excited her in a way that the sight of two hard cocks never had. She wondered what it would feel like to have Diana's fingers up her pussy. The thought gave her a thrill of pleasure. 

As the gardeners left the room, Diana raised herself up and pulled her friend towards her. Kissing her tenderly on the cheek, in spite of the cum that was slowly drying there, she said "Oh Fanny dearest, what must you think of me?"

To be continued... 