 "I can get her for us, hun. She's very horny." 

Those words were uttered by my latest girlfriend, Kim, as we stood on the balcony of our ocean side hotel room on the fourth floor. Despite the panoramic beauty of the view in front of us, the Atlantic Ocean on Labor Day weekend, our eyes were diverted to the pool several stories below us. Or more specifically, to the tall, young blonde lifeguard who was perched statuesquely in her chair by the pool. 

"Now, honey, how the hell can you tell that from way up here?", I whispered into Kim's ear, while continuing to rub her flat stomach and small of her back (she loved that spot!) through her sarong and gently grinding my cock Into her firm backside. 

Kim lifted an arm and pulled my neck closer to her own, allowing me to nibble on the nape of her neck. "While you were taking care of the check-in formalities, I was checking out the scenery by the pool," Kim replied. "I saw her coming from the ladies dressing room off the lobby and we exchanged eye contact and smiles. It was an unspoken mutual appreciation society, babe, trust me." 

Oh, I trusted Kim, all right, at least on that particular issue. Who wouldn't have an appreciation for Kim, I wondered, as my hand eased down below her sarong and caressed her ass cheeks. I had hit the proverbial sexual lottery with this woman, and was grateful for my good fortune. It was only going to be a matter of time until I fucked up this relationship, too, I was very adept at that, but for the time being, I was riding the sexual wave, so to speak. 

I had been divorced for about three years now, and had been granted shared parental custody of my seven-year-old son, Travis. I'd taken Travis to one of his fellow first-graders birthday parties at the end of the last school year, several months ago now, and Kim was the entertainer at the kids' party, playing children songs on her guitar, directing the pinata game, telling stories, and basically being a charmer. 

The kids weren't the only ones who were charmed. I'd have to say that every dad at the party paid extra special attention to the events In the backyard of the Reynolds' house that day rather than the Phillies game on TV. I was the only single dad at the party, and as it turned out, this fortuitous meeting of opportunity and timing worked in my favor. 

Kim LIKED ME, SHE REALLY, REALLY LIKED ME!! Geez. Go figure. 

Kim was, in a word, sensational. She had long, cascading blonde hair that hung almost down to her waist. She was perky, fit, and petite, about five-foot-two, with sparkling blue eyes and a happy, engaging smile and outgoing demeanor. I learned later that she taught autistic children as a profession, and had an eternal love for kids because she was unable to have any of her own. 

Oh, and did I mention that Kim had a body that was beyond belief for a woman in her mid-forties? Gee, I guess I haven't gotten to that tidbit yet, but as this story progresses, remind me to describe her washboard stomach, firm, round tits with rock-hard nipples, and an ass that begged to be the catcher for the Olympic quarter-bouncing team. In other words, it was perfect. But I digress. 

She had been in an unhappy, abusive marriage for many years, and had finally separated from her now ex-husband about the same time as I discovered that my own ex-wife, Cindy, fifteen years my junior, had a more-than-friendly relationship with several of the neighbors, including the administrator at my son's school. And Travis' karate instructor. And the...well, you get the idea. 

The divorce and custody process was drawn out and emotionally painful. During these two years, I focused entirely on Travis' well-being and hardly dated at all. Prior to my marriage to Cindy which occurred just before my thirty-ninth birthday, I had been with many women, the epitome of the happy bachelor playing the field. I thought I had sewn my wild oats from a carnal perspective, but that afternoon in the Reynolds' backyard changed that irreversibly. 

Kim and I arranged a dinner date for later that evening of the kids' party back In June. The date was Instant and unmistakable chemistry. Several mere hours later she was bent over the hood of my Lexus In the parking lot of the restaurant where we had just dined, with several couples walking by In close proximity, hearing her moans of delight and encouragement as I fucked her savagely. I learned right then that Kim shared my penchant and fascination with watching, and being watched, among many other sexual adventures. Including her blossoming bisexuality. 

So, now, as I lowered my hand beneath Kim's string bikini bottom under her sarong and teased her with one finger liltingly vibrating over the hood of her clit, I became even more aroused at what plans Kim may have in store for our nubile young lifeguard below. I had twice watched her seduce strange women in public places, and it turned me on beyond description. One episode was at the B-Bar In the casino in Atlantic City, though I was only permitted to be a spectator for this event because the other woman was staunchly lesbian. 

However, several weeks ago, we had attended a wedding ceremony at the Yacht Club In Pleasantville, and Kim seduced and charmed the cousin of the groom, Mikki, a lovely redhead in for the wedding from Minnesota, and we ended up In a passionate threesome that lasted until well into the following morning. As my buddy the groom said later, "Those redheads from Minnesota will fuck your eye-teeth out." Those redheads from Minnesota can lick a wonderful pussy, too, according to Kim's moans that night and morning. We waited eagerly for another opportunity to explore a similar situation, and Kim had apparently found one for us. 

"How old do you think she is, sweetie?", I asked as I continued my manual ministrations of her pussy on the balcony. 

Kim reached behind me to grab my now steel-hard cock through my shorts, easing herself backward at the same time. "Mmmm, old enough, babe. And young enough. Like Goldilocks, just right. Let me take care of that for you now, though, Johnnie." 

For months now, I couldn't seem to get my cock out of Kim's mouth. It was an endearing habit of hers. 

Kim had already sucked me on the car-ride down, accompanied for five miles or so in the other lane of the Atlantic City Expressway by a SUV full of college-aged boys as enthusiastic spectators. They waved and honked and cheered wildly as Kim raised her tight ass to window-level and bared her tits, and ended the show with a wildly popular dripping of my cum down her chin and onto her tits, then rubbing my milky white sperm all over her firm boobs, while the young men went bonkers. 

"Uh, no, gorgeous, remember the display you put on for our frat boy buddies? It's time for me to take care of you. Just relax," I whispered, as I inserted first one, and then a second finger into her cunt, rubbing her nipples with my other hand. "Besides, I want to get you so wet that you'll require a lifeguard's assistance." I plunged a third finger deep in her hot cunt and felt her muscles spasm and convulse and grip my fingers tightly. 

"God, oh God," she moaned softly, her body quivering, her legs spreading Instinctively. "Nobody, but nobody, can finger-fuck like you. Your touch Is amazing." 

I loved making Kim cum, I loved pleasing her. I felt so fortunate to be this woman's current boyfriend, and I never could completely understand why she fell for me. One day, in a rather astounding display of lack of self-esteem, I actually posed that query to her. 

She looked at me disbelievingly and as she tousled my hair lovingly, she said, "Well, let's see, let's take an inventory. You're smart, funny, creative, adventurous, kind to me, a great dad, and your fingers and tongue give me pleasure like I've never imagined." (In a classic glass-is-half-empty thought, I wondered If my cock was chopped liver, but I thought I'd leave well enough alone.) She played me like a violin, expertly utilizing a dramatic pause. 

"Oh, did I overlook that beautiful, long cock of yours?", she giggled. 

Sigh of relief. Whew. Fast forward to the balcony. 

"I luv making you cum, Kim, cum for me, shoot your nectar onto my finger so we can taste you together." The fact that we were on a balcony overlooking a busy pool and within eyesight of the nearby boardwalk only heightened our mutual arousal. I pulled Kim's top from her chest, exposing her left breast, and waited until I felt her on the brink of an orgasm until I flicked my long middle finger onto her g-spot on her inner wall. She came in a long, heated gush of liquid that dripped onto my hand and down the crack of her ass and thighs. She always smelled so good, so fresh, her sex scent was intoxicating. She trembled in a series of small after-shocks as I pulled her top back on and lifted my fingers to her mouth, and we shared her delicious juices. 

"Well, that'll warm me up for the task at hand, thank you!" she smiled. "I'll be right back, sweetie." Kim grabbed her travel bag and scurried into the bathroom as I continued to linger on the balcony and gazed at the young lifeguard below. 

The young beauty let her sinewy, long legs dangle from the chair and one wiggled back and forth. She scanned the pool's occupants, a group of squealing kids and tried less than successfully to hide her boredom. She was tall, from this distance I guessed about maybe five-foot-ten, with short blonde hair and a small, round butt. Her calves and thighs were tightly muscled. If I had to wager a bet, I'd say perhaps tennis player legs. She was dressed in a conservative one-piece bathing suit with the resort's logo on the hip, and her breasts looked on the smallish side. In short, she looked as if she could pass for a Russian pro tennis player, at least in my fertile Imagination.. Turns out, I wasn't that far off, just one sport and a few countries. 

My thoughts were brought back to reality as I heard Kim's voice as she exited from the bathroom, "Hey, big boy, quick drooling over our prey and look this way." 

My jaw gaped in an involuntary display of surprise, admiration, and lust. Kim was dressed in the tiniest of string bikinis, chocolate brown with some gold trim, accentuating her blonde hair and fair skin perfectly. Her nipples were barely covered by two slim triangles, yet the nipples still poked through the fabric, revealing her excitement. The bottom half was skin-tight and clearly showed the folds of her labia, and she turned around to give me a show of her round, tight rear, encased in not quite a thong, but still displaying at least half of her ass cheeks. 

I whistled softly. "God, Almighty.'" I thought. "How did I get so lucky?" Kim had always enjoyed pushing the envelope with her revealing wardrobe in public, short skirts, midriff tops, etc. However, this took things to new heights, which was exactly how my dick was responding. 

I finally let my eyes wander back up to her broadly grinning face. "Kim, honey, in all sincerity, I don't think I've ever seen a sexier woman. You look absolutely incredible." She walked towards me slowly, her eyes emblazoning Into my own. "You make me very happy, John, safe and warm. I want to do everything for you." With that, she kissed me, softly, deeply, slowly, hungrily, passionately, lovingly. 

She released her kiss after a few minutes and we both sighed. I looked her up and down again and shook my head. "Wow!" I muttered happily. 

"Well, are you just going to stand there and mumble or are you going to help me seduce our lifeguard? She may be in need of some mouth-to-pussy resuscitation." Kim playfully reached for my hard cock through my khaki shorts. "And she may certainly like this as well." 

I quickly through on my own trunks as Kim packed some lotion and blankets in a shoulder bag. She glanced at her watch. "Five thirty. I plan to have her up here in an hour. I want you to just watch me. I want to play. Deal?" 

"Anything you say, darlin'. Any fuckin' thing you say. What do I have to do?" 

"Just go down to the pool and grab a lounge chair somewhere near the front of the pool, not too close, though." Kim looked over the railing of the balcony and downward to the pool area. "Hmm, see that chair with the red blanket, about four chairs to the left of our 'target'? Sit next to that one, I'll be down in five minutes." 

I kissed Kim on the lips and scrambled to my mission. "Hey," she said, as I opened the door. She tossed me a paperback book. "Don't make it too obvious, sailor. Have some decorum. Geez, I gotta teach you everything about how to pick up a woman, don't I?" 

"Hey now, I did Ok with you." I puffed out my chest In mock pride. "Yeah, but I'm kinda easy," Kim laughed. "You didn't have to work hard at all, I just wanted that great cock I saw at the party. That should teach you to go commando at a first graders' birthday party. 

"Guilty as charged, ma'am," I blushed. "I was really trying to pick up Mrs. Mat thews, that divorcee. But, I upgraded to you. Again, my good fortune." 

"Yep, I'll say. Now get your three legs down to the pool and just wait and watch." 

I stumbled out the door. I could have pushed for the elevator button hands-free at this point. Thankfully, the elevator was very slow moving and took quite a while to reach my floor, lest people think I was a mobile coat-hanger. I'd finally composed myself as I swung open the gate to the pool and walked by the young lifeguard, whose face I now saw was covered with small, cute freckles on her tiny nose. She had light green eyes, almost cat-like. I Instantly gauged her age to be within a year or two of twenty-five. Her face was without even a hint of make up, but she was still cover-girl pretty, with eastern European or Scandinavian features. I smiled at her as I passed and she politely but dismissively smiled back In that way that resort employees do to the guests at the tail end of a long summer. "Good thing for Kim, " I thought. "I couldn't attract this girl on my own even if I had mermaid fins." 

I pulled up the chair that Kim had pointed out and pretended to read the book behind my sunglasses. I glanced at the cover. Connoisseur's Sex Guide by Anne Hooper. I wondered If that was a coincidence, but knowing Kim, surmised that it wasn't. 

My attention was drawn to murmurs I heard coming from the other end of the pool, where a few remaining mommies and daddies were watching their children swim in the pool in the late afternoon sun. I looked up to discover what the murmurs were for, but my gaze was distracted to the gate opening at the front of the pool. Kim had arrived. She had not bothered to wear a sarong or shirt, she simply appeared in that incredible bikini. If anything, she had bunched the top and bottom even tighter so that her nipples virtually peeked from the small fabric of triangles and her taut butt cheeks were more than half exposed, almost thong-like. She had augmented her entrance by putting on a 4-inch pair of gold stilettos, highlighting the lean muscles In her calves. My dick again instantly sprang to life beneath my loose trunks, as I imagined did every guy's dick who watched this beauty's majestic entrance into the pool area. From the boardwalk, I heard a lone, admiring wolf-whistle. 

My eyes diverted to the young lifeguard, whose jaw had virtually dropped as she looked directly at Kim, transfixed on the vision. The lifeguard was completely unaware that I was surveying her every reaction to Kim's arrival, though I was only a few feet away from the young lady. 

Kim strode confidently towards the front of the pool, her ass wiggling seductively in a blatant display of wanton sexuality. Her high heels clicked against the concrete deck, adding an audible staccato accompaniment to her grand walk. Kim glanced confidently around the pool, and lowered the rims of her sunglasses as if pondering which chair she should choose. (I thought to myself at that moment that never in my life would I have wanted more to be a lounge chair.) 

Beneath her glasses, now teetering on the rim of her nose, I saw Kim peer at lifeguard purposefully. The young lady, now completely inattentive to her task of watching the pool's inhabitants, swallowed and blushed. (I was told long ago, and It's proved one hundred percent accurate, that once a woman blushes, she is sexually aroused.) 

Kim strode up to the chair next to the lifeguard stand, and made a big production of turning the chair around, under the auspices of guiding it in the direction of the sun. I now realized why Kim had directed me to sit where I had. The lifeguard and I were now the only ones on that end of the pool, and thus, the only ones who could see Kim from the front now that she had turned her own chair around. I smiled at her creativeness and ingenuity. 

Kim made a point of bending over at the hip, turning her gorgeous ass right in front of the lifeguard, as she covered her lounge chair's back and arms with three blankets, which served as a visual block to anyone on the other end of the pool, much to the daddies' dismay, I'm certain. 

Before settling In her new location, though, Kim walked up to the lifeguard stand and stood a few feet away from the young guard, smiling as she noticed her blushing face and accelerated breathing. 

"HI, honey, what's your name?", Kim asked In a friendly tone. 

The guard gulped briefly before whispering, "My name Is Martina." 

Kim licked her lips with her long, pink tongue and purred, "Mmm, hello, Martina. My name Is Kim. I was wondering If you could help me?" 

Martina nodded tentatively. One could only imagine what was going through Martina's mind, pondering what help it was that Kim wanted. 

"I was hoping that you could bring me a few extra towels, Martina. Could you do that for me, pretty please?" 

Again, Martina nodded, and almost absent-mindedly, hopped down from her stand, her own tight little ass now plainly visible to me for the first time, and reached into a bin and grabbed a handful of towels and delivered them to Kim, who was now making an exaggerated production of getting comfortable on her chair, arranging and rearranging the blankets, and pulling the chair even closer to Martina's own chair. 

"Thank you so much, Martina, that is so sweet of you." Kim said in a lilting yet husky voice. "You see, I plan on getting very, very, very wet." 

Martina gazed at Kim, mesmerized, as Kim lowered herself on the chair. No one In the pool area except Martina and I could now see Kim because of the blankets completely surrounding her chair, almost tent-like. However, I wondered if any of the guests in the hotel were watching from their balconies or windows above. If so, they were about to see quite a show. 

Martina composed herself for an instant, remembering where she was and her primary duty, to watch the pool. Fortunately, perhaps because Kim's arrival had so distracted the men and made the mommies envious, two of the families with young children were now gathering their belongings, as the kids wailed their dismay at the conclusion of their aquatic activities for the afternoon. Martina climbed back upon her chair as the dads vainly tried to cop a peek at Kim as they departed the pool area, their respective wives grumping in Kim's direction. There were now only three other people at the other end of the pool, an elderly couple engaged in a card game, and a huge, obese woman, swimming laps, no doubt convinced that with only a few trillion more laps to complete, she, too, could transpose her body into one like Kim's. Thus, there was nothing to distract Martina. 

Kim seized the opportunity to lift her buns from the chair and place one of the towels underneath her ass, and then lowered herself onto it. Martina reached into a small carry-bag that hung from the arms of her own stand, and put a big pair of sunglasses on herself. With that silent cue now mutually understood, Kim raised her hands to her chest and peeled the small brown triangles away from her tits and pushed them aside, exposing her rock-hard pink nipples, now almost shining in the setting sun. My own cock and balls throbbed now to the point that I thought I was going to shoot cum for yards. 
