 I didn't. I didn't do the threesome thing with Beth and her eighteen year-old friend.

I don't often win a battle of conscious with my evil twin but, this one, I won.

In the end, the thought of Beth's friend just turning eighteen was just a 'little bit' too close to the line, even for me. Yeah, I know that Beth, at nineteen, wasn't much older but whore that I might be to some, one has to draw the line somewhere.

I guess nineteen is my line.......

"Hey good looking, wanna' fuck?" I said when hubby walked through the door, home from his business trip.

"Funny, you should mention that," He smilingly said after giving me the mother of all 'missed you lots' kisses, "guess who called as I drove home from Sky Harbor?"

Fetching us both ice-cold beers, we walked out onto the pool deck, settling into the chaise lounger with its view of the Valley.

"Uhhh, Brad Pitt? Wants me to suck his dick?" I teasingly answered.

"He should be so lucky," Hubby joked back. 

"No, Suz buzzed me, asked if we'd be interested in going to the club tonight." 

The 'club' was a private swingers on-site club that we belonged to.

"Annnnnd, you said?" I prompted.

"Told her I'd talk to you," He answered after taking a pull at his beer.

"Annnnnd, she said?" I prompted, further.

"She said to tell you that there's been a few new people at the club, lately and that a lot of them had really big cocks," pulling at his beer, again.

"Speaking of really big cocks. Think I need to suck on that bad boy of yours for a while," undoing his pants and on my knees with practiced ease. Taking his semi-flaccid cock into my mouth, loving how it started growing almost immediately, I had a fleeting thought; What if Beth was on her deck, looking at us through her telescope?

Well, then, better give her a show was my thinking.

"Call Suze, tell her we'll be there; find out the time," I said as I lowered my mouth to take him deep down my throat.

"Nine tonight; And she wants to fuck you, too," Hubby said, his breathing increasing as I sucked him slow and wetly.

Taking my mouth from his dick, I kept my hand stroking him when I said, "Smart-ass, do you know me or what?"

Seeing his sperm spilling from his slit as I stroked him, I dropped my mouth over him, taking him deep, where his jism pounded at the back of my throat.

Standing and wiping some cum from the corners of my lips, I said, "Nine? Follow me big boy, we have time for you to fuck me as I deserve to be AND take a shower before going to the club."

"Thought you'd never ask," He joked, standing and taking my hand to lead me to our bedroom........

A quick scan of the 'Great Room', the general meeting area of the club, did, indeed, indicate that there were some new people at the club since the last time we had been there.

Mostly all couples tonight, but that was okay with me. I'd managed, in the past, to snag a couple of husbands to fuck while their wives played with each other and from the looks of things, there certainly appeared to be some fine specimens of manhood wandering the floor tonight.

"Anything hittin' your hot button?" I asked hubby as he and I sipped our Mojitos at the bar.

"You know me, I'm easy," He replied as he joined me in scanning the room and the bar.

"No, I'm easy," I retorted, "You're easier to please, is all."

"So true," He smilingly agreed, then with a short nod of his head indicating that I should look behind me, "looks like Suze has found something to keep her busy."

Turning to look behind me, I saw Suze was in an intimate, private conversation with a stunningly good-looking, young couple. 

"She does like her Ken & Barbies," I remarked, stating what we both knew to be the truth. I had no sooner said it when Suze and her 'couple' got up from the couch they were sitting on, walking towards the hall that led to the 'playrooms' of our on-site club.

As I turned on my stool to face him, once again, I locked eyes with a couple at the end of the bar, both of them eyeing me? Us? from their vantage point. 

They were a 'mixed' couple; she being a WASP'ish blonde, he being a mocha-colored ethnically mixed guy, both surely no older than late twenties, I thought, as I returned the eye contact. Raising my glass to them both, I toasted them silently, my eyes indicating that they should move down our way, at the bar.

"Let us buy you a drink or three?" I jokingly asked after the four of us did the introduction thing when they joined us.

"Why don't you gals snag that booth over there while Ellis and I wait for our drinks?" Hubby suggested with that gorgeous smile of his beaming at us.

Jo and I did just that, sliding into the semi-circular booth, meeting in the middle, leaving room for the guys to sit when they joined us.

Jo, upon a closer look, was probably closer to her early thirties but held it well. Her blond hair appeared to be natural, no signs of darker roots showing at all. I quickly guessed her to be around my weight, mid-one-twenties give or take a pound or two, breasts that bulged from her low-cut blouse helped by her strapless pushup bra. Her mid-thigh skirt hugged her ass and legs well, showing both off to her advantage.

"So, are you guys new members also," Jo asked as we waited for the guys to join us.

"Oh no, sweetie, we just haven't been here in a while," I explained, quickly adding a brief rundown of my consultant job that kept me out of town for so much of the past year or so.

"We normally would come to the club every couple of weeks or so when I wasn't traveling, but...well, I'm sure you understand the time-crunch my job put us, me, under," I added, to further explain our absence from the club.

"How about y'all? How'd you hear about the club?" I asked Jo in an effort not to monopolize the conversation.

"I saw it advertised in The New Times," referring to a weekly indie-newspaper of Phoenix, "and showed it to Ellis one night when we were bored and we came,checked it out, liked it and joined," Jo replied, her eyes checking me out as I was, her.

"We like the members, for the most part; oh sure, there's a few jerks and bitches, but far less in this club than others we've gone to," I added to the conversation.

"Your husband's rather good looking," Jo said as she eyed our guys walking towards us, drinks in hand, they in conversation as they walked our way.

"As is yours," I truthfully replied.

"Ellis is rather well-endowed," Jo dropped into the conversation suddenly.

"As is my guy," I retorted, again, truthfully.

"Well, that sounds promising for both of us," Jo responded with a wicked, crooked grin, her eyes showing a high degree of interest.

"Certainly does," I agreed as we both smilingly welcomed our guys to the booth, reaching to take the offered drinks in hand.

Don't know if the boys had talked about it but when they sat down with us, they sat next to the other's spouse, with nobody complaining that they did so.

The four of us had no problem in making conversation, finding out quickly that we all shared a sense of humor and, in general, had compatible vibes. Breaking into lower, private conversations between the newly-coupled, I notice that it didn't take Jo very long to drop her hand onto Hubby's lap, no doubt finding out for herself just how well-endowed he was. That was alright, I had done the same with Ellis as we talked, liking what I felt under his slacks.

"Not that I'm rushing anything," Jo said to the four of us, "But, is there anybody else who'd like to maybe go somewhere else to get better acquainted?"

"We don't live far from here," I offered, "and it's a perfect night to enjoy the pool and hottub," I tempted more.

"Ellis, why don't you boys go settle the bar tab and meet us outside," Jo suggested, obviously okay with my suggestion.

"So, how would you feel about riding to your place with Ellis?" Jo suggested to me as we waited for the boys to join us.

"And you with hubby?" I asked in return.

"Ellis loves getting 'road-blows'," Jo suggested further.

"As does hubby," I replied, adding, "works for me."

When the boys joined us, Jo let them know the lay of the land by slipping her arm through hubby's, saying, "Lead the way handsome, I'm riding with you."

Looking to me for verification, I had already slipped my arm through Ellis', saying, "You heard the lady, Ellis, so I'm riding with you."

Off we walked to the separate cars, arm in arm with the other spouse, quiet chatter between each couple as we separated to our respective cars.

When we got to their car, I stood to the side for him to open the door for me. Before getting into the car, I reached up with my mouth and kissed Ellis, dropping one of my hands to his bulge to fondle as my other hand grasped the back of his head. Gripping his cock with my hand while we kissed, I felt a rush of heat to my snatch as his manhood grew under my gripping strokes.

Once settled into the car I, very-matter-of-factly, unzipped Ellis pants, pulling out a very large, handsome piece of brown cock, a bit of pre-cum glistening on his head.

"Follow hubby," I instructed as I lowered my head so that I could take Ellis' thick cock into my mouth. Wow, hadn't realized how long it had been since I'd sucked another cock other than hubby's, I thought to myself as I slowly moved my mouth up and down his rather large brown shaft. I'd been so busy of late eating pussy that it had, indeed, been quite a while since I'd sucked a strange cock.

"Ooh, that's good, sugar," Ellis softly moaned as he drove behind hubby, moving his right hand so that he could play with my tits while I sucked him slowly, enjoying every bit of him that I could fit into my mouth.

"You do know that I am going to fuck your brains out tonight, don't you?" Lifting my head from his dick to say that to him, pre-cum forming a string from my mouth to his cock-head.

"Counting on it," Ellis replied, a smile of satisfction on his face as I lowered my head to suck him some more, to suck him harder, to get him to explode his cum down my throat.

I felt the car turning into the driveway, the slight bump of the curb occuring at the same time that Ellis exploded in my mouth. Gulping like a thirsty horse, I eagerly sucked his cum into my mouth, liking how he tasted, letting it slowly slide down my throat afterwards.

Jo and I, after looking to each other as we got out of the cars and seeing that we were both wiping excess cum from our lips, burst into school-girl giggles.

"I know what you've been doing," Jo teased in a sing-song voice.

"You missed some, baby," I said to her before kissing her, my tongue slipping easily between her lips, searching her mouth for the taste of my husband's sperm.

"Fix us some drinks, sweetie," I said to hubby as I walked with my arm around Jo's waist, into our house, "We'll get the hottub going, and meet y'all in the pool."

Jo helped with removal of the cover over the tub and after I flipped on a couple of switches, we both got out of our clothes, each admiring the other's body as we did so.

"Just so that you know, between bouts with the boys, I am going to get some of your sweet looking pussy," I said to Jo when her thong hit the deck at her ankles.

"Yeah? Well, that's kinda' what I was thinking myself," she replied with a smile of conspricy on her lips.

We hit the pool at the same time, diving and surfacing at the far end after racing each other to get there first.

"You're a good swimmer," Jo exclaimed as she fought to catch her breath.

"I hope so; sure have swam enough laps in this pool," I conceded in acknoledgement of her compliment.

"Hey boys, drop the drawers and join us," Jo said, her eyes looking over my shoulder. Turning, hubby flashed his killer smile and winked at me as he sat our drinks on the table near the pool.

"Can't resist an invitation like that," Ellis proclaimed as he started stripping, hubby joining him as well.

It was a lovely time spent in the pool. Inter-play between the four of us was casual, but yet, sensual. The drinks were strong, cold, and soothing in the heat of the night. Both Jo and I spent time between the guys; some hands-on stroking of erect cocks, some lustful kissing while their hands fondled our breasts, some lustful kissing while Jo and I fondled each other. It was all good and it served to keep the motors running, so to speak.

"Think you and El can find someway to entertain yourselves while I take you husband inside and fuck his brains out?" I heard Jo ask from behind me.

Lifting my head from Ellis' crotch, letting his thick, mocha-colored cock slide from my mouth, I replied.

"Leave some for me, Jo, leave some for me," I answered, dropping my mouth to suck her husband again.

"No promises; besides, I'm pretty sure that Ellis will give you all that you want," Jo answered as she and hubby walked from the pool, using the steps at the shallow end.

Looking upward with my eyes as I hungrily, and greedily sucked Ellis' excellent dick, Ellis returned my gaze, a smile on his lips indicating that he was going to do just that.

I slid my tongue, slowly, up and down his shaft as my hand stroked him, his thickness taking up most of my hand as I did so. Wondering, again, if my new, young college-cunt, Beth, was watching, I had a thought.

"Come with me, Ellis, I think it's time for you to fuck my brains out," I said, softly, "for a deliciously long time."

Pulling me from between his legs as he was sitting on the edge of the pool, he held me with his hands under my armpits, his biceps bulging with strength as he leaned to kiss me, my mouth opening wide to accept his tongue which slid easily into my mouth.

Ellis was a good kisser. Full lips and a talented tongue driving me mad with desire for him to fuck me raw. Breaking our kiss, I leaned my head into the crook of his neck, softly biting him while my hand continued to stroke his cock.

"Let's go to the hottub, sweetie," I said softly as I rubbed my palm over his cock-head, his pre-cum providing lubrication as I did so.

Leaving the pool, we walked to the hottub, my hand firmly around his cock, pulling him behind me, my pussy on fire with desire to be slammed by it.

Standing in the hottub, I leaned forward, gripping onto the rim of the tub with my hands, my legs slightly parted.

"Fuck me Ellis, fuck me hard," I said, my voice a hoarse whisper in the night air.

"Ooooooh yeah, big boy," I moaned contentedly as he stood behind me, his cock slipping easily into my well-lubricated cunt.

Hubby was thick and long; Ellis was thicker and longer. Slowly, he buried his cock inside of me, my hands gripping tightly to the side of the tub, moans of satisfaction slipping from my clenched mouth as he increased his hip-strokes. Reaching around with his hands, his large paws easily encompassed my not-so-small tits, holding them, fondling them as he continued to pound his dick into me, harder, faster.

Amongst all of the thoughts flying around inside of my brain as he pounded me was a fleeting thought about Beth. If she is watching tonight, I know that her fingers are very busy right now, masturbating herself as she's watching me being fucked royally. That thought brought a smile to my lips; it did and I can't deny it.

"Hold it, if you can, baby," I implored Ellis as I felt my orgasm rising from the depths of my soul, "I want you to come in my mouth, baby, I want your cum," my breath, now, coming in ragged gasps as my climax rose quickly to erupt.

"Aaaaah, son of a bitch!" I cried aloud, my voice, it seemed to me, echoing in the still night air, my orgasm exploding quickly, shaking me like a rag-doll.

I let the first wave pass over me and caught another ride as a second wave of satisfaction shook my body. Pushing hard against his thrusts, my pussy was tingling as I came twice more in that moment.

"My mouth, baby, fuck my mouth," I moaned, moving to sit on one of the sculpted, built-in seats of the tub. Gripping his ass with my hands, I opened my mouth as his cock-head slid past my lips, pulling him towards me as I fought to get all of him down my throat.

Working my mouth and throat muscles with all of the skill I possessed, my lips were soon 'kissing' his pubic bone, his thickness damned near choking me as he filled my mouth and throat.

"Mmmmm, mmmmmmmmmm," I cooed and moaned as he stroked his dick in and out of my mouth, back and forth, my muscles relaxing with each and every stroke, my fingers buried in his chocolate ass-cheeks, and another climax building from the serous mouth-fucking I was getting from this beautiful, black man.

I had asked Ellis to fuck me in the mouth and he did, for a long time, for an unbeliveably long time, causing me to wonder towards the end whether or not he would ever cum.

But he did, and when he did, he flooded my mouth and throat with his jism, the sounds my swallowing and slurping loud in the night. Holding his, now, semi-flaccid cock in my hand, I took my time licking him clean, the sight of his glistening, black dick as my tongue worked him over, bringing heat to my pussy.

I sucked my first cock when I was only fifteen but that first time, for me, produced a life-long love affair with cock-sucking that still continues to thrill me.

Funny, the things that get you off, so to speak.

Ellis joined me on the sculpted seat of the hottub, his arm holding me as I laid my head on his chest, both of us glowing in the after-glow of a good fucking and sucking session.

"Not a lot of women are able to deep-throat me, I'm impressed," Ellis remarked to me as we languished in the warm water.

"Practice, practice, practice," I jokingly remarked in answer, the sound of my patio door sliding open making itself known to us, afterwards.

Jo and hubby, my hubby, smilingly walked towards the hottub, their smiles a clear indication that hubby had, indeed, fucked Ms. Jo, royally.

I knew he would.

"Got some dessert for you," Jo said to me as her fingers wiped some of her husband's excess cum remnants from the corner of my mouth with her fingertip, which immediately afterwards, she sucked with her mouth.

Entering the tub, Jo straddled me between her legs, lowering her pussy towards my mouth, the sight of hubby's cum in her pussy filling my eyes.

"Wow, he surely dropped a load into you," I said to Jo as my hands grasped her firm ass-cheeks, pulling her cum-filled pussy to my mouth.

"Like I said, I've got some dessert for you," Jo answered with a husky, turned-on, soft voice.

Creampies. I do love creampies, as Jo quickly found out when my mouth and tongue 'cleaned' her of my husbands cum, giving her two small, but satisfying, climaxes in the process.

We rested, the four of us, in the hottub, Jo and I engaging in a delicious sixty-nine on the pool deck for the entertainment of our husbands as they 'rebooted'. Afterwards, the four of us went to the master bedroom for some more play.

Jo and I took turns eating the other while the boys took turns fucking us as we did so. Hubby and Ellis fucked me hard, one after the other as I ate Jo and I fucking loved the 'gang-bang' aspect of that, I did. Jo wasn't left out, oh no, not at all. After the boys had sufficient time to regain their vigor, they pounded her as well.

Our last play of that evening was mine, Jo having cried "No Mas", having reached her limit for the night.

With Ellis lying on his back and me, on top of him, his large cock filling my pussy, hubby fucked my ass at the same time. It had been forever since I experienced a DP, double penetration, and though I thought they would split me wide open, I screamed and moaned my satisfaction as they pounded be for a deliciously long time.

"That's it, I'm done, boys, got nothing left," I weakly proclaimed as their cum spilled from my ass and pussy.

They left around three o'clock in the morning, they, like us, showing the signs of a world-class fucking session.
