 Dear Readers:

You'd be doing yourselves an injustice if you did not first read the initial installment of this series. Please indulge, and enjoy! Martina, Kim, and I will be sure to entertain you.



It's funny how the genders prepare so uniquely differently for pending , inevitable sexual acrobatics, especially so when the reality of a beautiful third party was about to enter the escapade. Kim spent the next forty minutes or so fussily primping in the bathroom, occasionally emerging to rummage through either the dresser, the closet, or her travel bag to continue a search for just the right wardrobe items, make-up and hair products, and other accessory items.

I sat on the patio, nursing a beer, watching the girls on the boardwalk below, and trying valiantly to fight off recurring erections.

I think guys have it easier in this regard. Good for our team.

Regardless of the dichotomy in our individual preparation techniques, the anticipation of carnal activities was palpable. The room still had the very discernible, sweet aroma of Kim's arousal from our prior foreplay, and my unsuccessful attempts of suppressing my erection and preserving my strength for the events to come were quickly abated when Kim finally appeared from the bathroom and entered the suite.

I felt the butterflies flutter within my stomach in complete synchronicity with the now rising tide within my trunks as I admired Kim and yet her latest display of wanton beauty and sluttiness. 

Her golden, silky hair had been brushed to a sheen and fullness, and now cascaded down her torso, some locks dangling between her perfect breasts, now barely covered with the sheerest of a pale blue string bikini top. As she pirouetted and turned her back to me while seductively shaking her tight ass, the rest of her long hair fell just above the cut of a silk, off-white sarong, transparent in the sunlight that filled the room. In her perfectly manicured fingers, she held a device I hadn't yet seen before, though by now, I had been privy to quite an array of her electronic arsenal of pleasure items, or as she referred to them, Weapons of Mass Eruptions.

"Uh, hun, my God, you look incredible!" I hesitated just a second while she smiled broadly at my compliment, and further expressed her gratitude my lifting her sarong to her waist which demonstrated that she was 'sans bottoms'. I smiled in return at this display, but had already made an educated guess that there was nothing beneath the sarong because the sunlight was betraying her little surprise by shining right through the material. "But, uh, gee, what's that thing?" I pointed to the large, pink cock-shaped that she stoked tenderly with her palms.

"What, this little thing?" She cooed softly, arching her eyebrows, while bringing the head to her pursed lips, her lust-filled eyes searing into my own. "Why, this is called 'The Rabbit Pearl', Johnnie boy. I think it will assist us greatly in our endeavors today, would you fancy a demonstration?"

I nodded weakly, fully anticipating that I'd be participating solely as a spectator during another one of Kim's erotic masturbatory celebrations. That's one of the many beautiful and exciting surprises about Kim, though. I was pulled directly onto the playing field as she tossed me back onto the lounge chair and knelt swiftly between my legs, roughly pulling down my bathing trunks and exposing my throbbing, twitching cock.

She grinned almost sadistically as she pushed the toggle switch of the 'Rabbit', and it jumped to action, vibrating and hissing within her hand. In one motion, she tucked the base of the device and placed it on the base of my pubic bone, an inch away from my anus, and rubbed the hard rubber forcefully onto the bottom of my testicles. My cock jumped immediately at this new-found and intense sensation, the vibrations sending shock waves of sexual ecstasy through my entire being, as she lowered her head and took my shaft deep in her mouth, rubbing the rabbit over and over on my quickly filling testes, my ass writhing up and off the chair. Just as quickly as she had started, she abruptly stopped, lifting her mouth from my lap and again smiling at me, proud of her blatant cock teasing.

"Holy fuck!. No wonder you girls love this stuff. It's a wonder you need our cocks at all. That was fucking incredible." I gasped, my cock now impossibly bobbing up and down and seeking release.

"Oh, you guys have your benefits, believe me", Kim snickered, walking toward our king-size bed. "Take you, for instance, Johnnie. You're a pain in the ass. But you're a funny pain in the ass." I didn't know whether to blush or be annoyed at this double-edged compliment. "But, even better, no one fucks my ass like you do. So, I'll keep you around for a bit."

Kim continued, now languishing on the sheets and pulling up her sarong over her taut stomach, inserting the dildo head gently into the tip of her sopping cunt, now fully exposed to my view. She spread her legs wantonly apart, but still hadn't reactivated the vibration mode of my new favorite pet, 'Bugs', as I now called him. She dipped the head yet another inch or so into her pussy and softly sighed. "Do you think our little visitor would like to get comfortable while she watches me play?" 

With that, Kim dipped the thick dildo about six full inches deep inside her gaping hole, just as the doorbell rang. Martina had arrived, with impeccable timing. Kim groaned as she became aware of Martina's arrival and wailed, "I want us to fuck this little girl. Hard!" Kim then stuck the thick head of Bugs between her lips, replacing the dildo with three of her fingers now imbedded in her own hot cunt.

Yet, unbeknownst to Kim and me, Martina brought a gift or two of her own. (How thoughtful.)

The games were about to begin.

To be continued.