 Dear Readers:

You'd be doing yourselves an injustice if you did not first read the first two chapters of this series. Many of you have been waiting patiently for the conclusion. Let's climax together, shall we?

I opened the door even while Kim was still sucking her dildo and performing explorative manual vaginal examinations upon herself. Very obviously, Kim wanted to continue to make memorable impressions on our young guest, who had a few of her own to greet us with.

Martina stood in the doorway and the first thing my eyes focused upon were her pair of rock-hard pink nipples protruding at least three-quarters of an inch through her sheer white, ultra tight tank top. Her golden, sun-kissed hair was bunched up neatly into a ponytail, and she had on a pair of spandex short-shorts that accentuated a visible camel toe. She smiled sweetly, undoubtedly pleased to see my reaction to her attire and natural beauty, and stuck out her hand to give me the room key.

"I know you were kind enough to give me this key, sir, but I didn't feel polite just barging in," she said in her incredibly sexy Eastern European accent, her voice surprisingly husky voice. My eyes reverted to her pert chest, thinking to myself, "Nipples just CAN'T be that big."

She uttered a mock 'ahem', redirecting my focus, and asked, "May I come in? I believe there was an offer to utilize the shower facilities." As she tucked her arm under my own to escort her, I noticed for the first time that she carried a small shoulder bag, almost like a large purse, draped over her bare, tanned shoulder of the other arm. "I've brought a gift for the lady of the house, is she in?"

Simultaneously, Martina looked into the room to see Kim in all of her glory on the bed, legs spread wide, filled to the brim with accessory items of her own. "Mmmmm, she's in, yes." Kim and Martina both unconsciously licked their lips at the same time, like lionesses waiting to devour their treat, each having caught their respective prey. I was the hunter caught in the sexual cross fire.

Martina leaned down, her pert tits nearly spilling out of her tank top, and extricated a device of her own from her shoulder bag. In one motion, she brought it to her mouth and almost swallowed the shaft of her thick vibrator whole. Kim's eyes widened and she more feverishly pummeled her cunt with her fingers, audible splashes emanating from her lap and small streams of juices puddling on the bed sheet.

Martina brought the vibrator from her mouth with an audible 'pop', and licked the head lasciviously. "Ms. Kim, ma'am?' she asked in exaggerated politeness. "Do you think your kind boyfriend could help me prepare for our shower? I really think I'm overdressed." Martina continued to lick lewdly on the shaft of her vibrator while Kim sucked deeply on her own. Any semblance of shyness or pretense of hesitancy from Martina was now long-forgotten. I made a mental note to give Kim her proper kudos for having the initial intuition to so accurately read the desires of our hot, horny, young little guest solely from their brief contact in the lobby just a few hours before.

Kim extricated her rabbit from her mouth. "You heard the young lady, John. Please be a gentleman and help her with her clothes."

Without hesitation, I took the vibrator from Martina's lips with one hand while raising her arms above her head and pulling off her sheer top with the other, loosening her ponytail in the process. I heard Kim gasp as she saw Martina's exquisitely formed breasts exposed for us for the first time. For her part, Martina just stared at Kim with lust blazing in her eyes. "You teased me down there by the pool, Ms. Kim. I think it's only fair that I show my gratitude to you and your boyfriend. I'm in the service and assistance business, remember?"

Kim nodded her agreement, never relinquishing for a second her sucking on her rabbit nor her manual assault on her sopping, gaping cunt. I next parted Martina's legs slightly and pulled her tight spandex off, lifting her ankles one by one and letting the material fall to the floor. Martina now stood in front of us with only a fire-engine-red thing bikini, her tight, tanned ass not showing even the hint of a tan line.

"I loved your own bikini that you wore to the pool, Ms. Kim. It so reminded me of the ones we wear in Scandinavia." She pirouetted for us to view all of her sensational, lean, athletic torso. "Do you like it?"

Kim could resist no longer. She rose from the bed and approached Martina from the front, their eyes locked onto each other's. At the same time, almost like a forgotten bit player in their private play, I pushed my cock into Martina' s firm ass cheeks, and was surprised to feel her hand reach back and stroke my huge bulge through my tented bathing suit while she leaned forward to meet Kim's lips with her own. I watched as Kim and Martina kissed deeply, their tongues dancing, while Martina accelerated her manual attention to my impossibly hard dick. 

Kim reached down to Martina's hips and guided the thin g-string bikini off of Martina's body. She then took Martina's free hand, and guided it to her own breasts, and Martina took the cue and lifted off Kim's pale blue bikini top, and lowered her head to begin lapping at Kim's big tits with Martina's long, pink tongue. Kim groaned loudly and pushed her head towards my own so that she and I could kiss while Martina sucked on her nipples loudly while fervently stroking my cock. 

Kim looked at me wild-eyed, breaking the kiss, now one hand holding Martina's face more firmly to her tits as Martina continued to lap and suck. "John, be a dear and get the shower ready for us, please", she ordered, while kissing Martina on the nape of her neck. "And, take that fucking bathing suit off. Martina, dear, perhaps we should help him with his fashion faux pas. He seems to be the only one not quite ready to shower."

Martina took the cue and released her liplock on Kim's breast, turned, and yanked my suit down to my ankles, my cock twitching helplessly. She knelt in front of me and looked pleadingly at Kim. "May I?" she inquired coyly, running her tongue over her lips seductively.

Kim grinned wickedly and nodded her assent. "Be my guest, lovely lady."

"Thank you. Watch this. I bring many gifts," Martina cooed. With that, my seven-plus-inch shaft completely disappeared in one motion into Martina's hot mouth, like a magic trick that left the audience in stunned amazement. "Jeezus Christ," I mumbled, as I felt Martina's throat on my balls.

"Oh my god! Wow!" Kim exclaimed.

"Mmmphhh", mumbled Martina, reluctantly disengaging her larynx from my testicles. "Now about that shower."

Kim and I watched as Martina led the way into the bathroom, both of our eyes watching her tanned ass cheeks bounce firmly. "Well, cum now, Ms. Kim and Mr. John. Who wants to wash my back first?" We scurried to follow her and within seconds, we were locked in a passionate, hungry three-way kiss under the warm, steamy, cascading water. Soap soon found its way into crevasses and tunnels and gaps and holes.

Kim reached between Martina's thighs and began to caress her there gently. "Um, my, feel the tightness in those muscles of hers, John." Martina spread her legs in response to Kim's talented touch and complimentary words. "My god, what incredible legs, you have, Martina. Are you a gymnast, a tennis player, perhaps?"

Martina giggled, spreading her legs wider for access. My hands joined Kim's down below, but I chose to spread Martina's ass cheeks apart slightly and stroke lightly between them. Martina barely seemed to notice, her attention solely on Kim's soft hands. "Please, Ms. Kim, and Mr. John, call me Martie. All of my friends do." She reached down to take Kim's face in her hands and kiss her longingly, then released as Kim sighed. "And we're all friends by now, aren't we?"

Martie lowered herself between Kim and myself and positioned herself directly at crotch level, both of our genitals inches from her face. She reached up to stroke my cock with her left hand and eased a finger of her right into Kim's pussy, dripping with soap. She continued on the conversation and answered the question matter-of-factly, casually, almost as if she were at a cocktail party instead of mutually masturbating a mature couple in their hotel room shower. 

"I am from Finland, and am here as an exchange student starting at Rutgers University next week, actually. I am here on an athletic scholarship, how do you say here? Field and track? Whatever." She laughed at her butchering of the language, while leaning forward to nibble on Kim's inner thigh. "I am a high jumper and a distance runner. I have a lot of stamina. But I've deprived myself all summer long of the type of workout that we are all enjoying now." She looked up at Kim, and brought her mouth ever so close to Kim's glistening, trembling love tunnel. "Thank you for the invitation, Ms. Kim. Let's have a vigorous work out together, shall we?" With that, she buried her tongue deep into Kim's channel, and I watched, mesmerized, as Kim's labia shook and expanded, and she suddenly shuddered and tensed in orgasm. 

Seemingly satisfied that she had temporarily sated Kim so expertly, my new friend Martie turned to me, while keeping a finger circling over Kim's engorged clit, almost exploding through her hood, and repeated her magic of a few moments ago, deep throating me, her mouth stiffening and easing over my entire length, urging me to release my pent-up excitement. 

Never had a woman demonstrated such oral enthusiasm and abilities on me. I'm not disproportionately huge by any means, but the ease with which our Finnish high jumper was devouring my 7-plus-inch cock made me realize that I would be using her technique as the measuring stick for all subsequent blowjobs. If Martie never made the Olympic team in' field and track', she would certainly be a gold medal candidate whenever the Olympic Committee becomes astute enough to add 'cocksucking' as an event. And, from the looks of Kim's face in the aftermath glow of orgasm, it appeared we could add 'pussy-eating' to Martie's lists of world-class talents.

I leaned over to kiss Kim appreciatively on her open lips, and Martie saw this display of tender affection from below and smiled up at us. This also caused Martie to return her attention back to Kim's love hole, and for the next few minutes, Kim and I groped at each other's bodies with the water cascading down from above, while Martina took turns administering her exquisite oral skills on each of us. She would lick Kim while stroking me for perhaps twenty seconds, and then she would switch and insert her finger into Kim's channel while my cock disappeared into Martie's mouth . It was the most erotic sensation I have ever enjoyed, and Kim later confessed to me that she felt the same. We had fully expected to control this young vixen who was now kneeling between us, and just the opposite had taken place. I marveled at Martie's talents, her stamina, and her willingness to please.

Reluctant to break the pleasure, I nonetheless couldn't resist asking Martina a question as she continued to bring Kim to the brink of yet another explosive release. "Martie, just where do they teach such lessons in Finland, I must know."

She gazed up, that ever-present happy smile on her gorgeous, cover-model face, squinting now from the water falling into her eyes. "Being a university student is expensive in my country, Mr. John. That is why I have some working experience as, how do you say? An escort?" 

She smiled at my reaction to this revelation, and again gobbled up my cock, bringing me to the point of my own orgasm.

Kim smiled at me, "That explains it, hun. Nobody could be this good. I've gone and found us a pro."

Martina nodded while slurping me, and mumbled, "Mmmph."

Kim continued, "I think it's time we showed Ms. Martie some good old-fashioned American reciprocation now, though." She lifted down and pulled Martie from my cock, my dick exiting her mouth with another loud 'pop', and bent down in front of the young lifeguard/high jumper/escort.

Martie looked confused for just an instant. "What is this word, reciprocation?" At that exact moment , she felt Kim's hands part her legs and Kim's long tongue slide between Martie's labia. Kim grinned and licked. Martie groaned, "Oh, I think I understand now", and held Kim's head to her lap. I rotated my pelvis closer into Martie from behind and eased my engorged cock into her ass cheeks, and kissed her back and neck. Martie moaned louder, and this was closer to the script that Kim and I had originally envisioned. Kim was apparently as good as giving as Martie had been, from the sounds of Martie's enjoyment echoing of of the shower walls. I brought Martie's head back towards mine to kiss her passionately, momentarily muffling the sounds.

Kim knelt backwards for just a second, he fingers still dancing inside of Martie's golden-coated muff, and smiled wickedly. "I wonder if our little friend likes it in the ass, John? Why don't we find out?" With that, Kim reached under Martie's pussy and spread her ass hole apart with two fingers. On cue, I bent down slightly so that I could position my entry into the young Finnish lass' well-lubricated sphincter. My swollen mushroom head met only slight resistance as Martie surprised me by willingly parting her legs, indicating her acceptance of the anal invitation. "Do you want your ass fucked now, gorgeous?", I whispered into Martina's ear, nibbling on her earlobe.

She reached around to grasp the shaft of my cock and guided it towards her backside. She looked at me with eyes blazing with want. "Joo, naida minun peraaukko." She slipped my cock into her anus and immediately I was two or three inches into her impossibly tight tunnel. As Kim licked her cunt expertly, I gently rocked back and forth on her anal muscles, pulled he niples, and continued to suck her hot tongue into my mouth. Martina was on fire now, the willing recipient to our expressions of gratitude. Kim reached around to caress my scrotum as she sucked on Martina's clit, bringing all of us to the edge of ecstasy before suddenly calling an intermission. Before she stood up, she pulled my cock from the tight Finnish anus and soaped my shaft liberally. 

"Let's bring this party to the bedroom, boys and girls," Kim announced, turning the faucet to the 'off' position. It was the only thing that was turned off.

The three of us toweled each other off tenderly, attentively, and the women tied their wet hair up into convenient ponytails, each assisting the other as I watched, a captive audience of one, eagerly awaiting the resumption of our play.

Before convening to the bedroom, Martie reached for the phone on the bathroom wall and winked at us mischievously. "Would you mind if I ordered us some room service, of sorts? Kim and I looked at her, mystified, as Martie pounded out four numbers on the keypad.

"Hello, housekeeping? Is this Consuelo?" Martie beamed at the affirmative response that she must have heard on the other end. "Yes, it's room 414, that nice couple that you saw on the elevator? We're having a get-together, and, well, things are very, very wet, and we're going to need some more towels. Could you bring them up, please?"

Martina took great pleasure from the stunned looks on the faces of Kim and myself as we recalled the buxomy Latina woman who had witnessed our public display of passion on the elevator. I specifically remembered the fleeting glimpse of the huge chest that was literally bursting through her chambermaid blouse just below the name badge bearing her unforgettable name.

Martina giggled into the mouthpiece before hanging up and taking both of us by the hands for the walk to the bed. "And, Connie, be ready to take your lunch break after delivering the towels. We're going to need your special service."

Still stunned into speechlessness by the unending string of Martina's surprises, Kim and I followed Martie into the bedroom like lemmings, except ours was to be a much more pleasant fate. Martina emitted one of her devilishly irresistible giggles and pushed me into the chair next to bed. "You wait right here for Consuelo to arrive, please, Mr. John. I'm sure she'll treat you VERY nicely. And, while you're waiting, Ms. Kim and I can make your wait go more faster." Martina reached for the rabbit that Kim had left on the nightstand and eased Kim down onto the pillows, while sticking her own buns into the air, inches from my face, and pulled her pussy lips apart.

"I'm going to fuck your beautiful girlfriend now, Mr. John. May I have permission, please, sir?" She pouted her full lips in mock subservience as Kim lay back on the bed, propping herself up with her pillows as Martina began the teasing insertion of the vibrator into Kim's pulsating love hole. She came again almost instantaneously as Martina wriggled her torso up to the top of the bed, and lifted Kim's petite frame into a 69 position, so that Martina's face and Kim's cunt were facing in my direction. The young, insatiable lover reached over and stroked my cock while the sounds of Kim's tongue lashing on her pussy filled the room, rendering mute the roar of the waves from the ocean outside of the plate-glass window next to the bed.

Martie rolled her head in pleasure while never releasing the tight grip on my cock. "I've been teaching Consuelo some of my oral techniques, Mr. John. I think it will help her relax if she sees that the party is already in, how do you say, full session." Just then, I heard the knock on the door, and I hurriedly rose to answer it, while Martina patted me on the buns. I wasn't even cognizant that I answered the door buck naked, in all of my naturally aroused glory, until the door swung open. Consuelo's eyes immediately darted like a laser to my twitching member, while I focused on those tits begging release from the tight pink maid uniform. I grabbed her by the arms and pulled her inside, and virtually tore the buttons of the blouse so snugly covering her wonderful chest.

Consuelo's large almond-colored eyes bulged from her sockets as she absorbed the sight in front of her. It had to be complete sensory-overload for her, I mused. Two beautiful blondes entwined in a writhing sixty-nine embrace on the bed while a strange man with a bobbing cock literally disrobed her. She was brought back to the gravity of the situation only when Martina raised her head from Kim's lap and smiled lasciviously at Consuelo and said simply. "Tit-fuck him."

The beautiful young Latino girl unsnapped her bra wordlessly and fell to her knees in front of my chair. Two huge, firm orbs spilled out, unveiling areolas with a diameter that would require at least two putts (if one were a golfer) and with one deft reach, my cock slid between the soft cleavage. Hole-in-one. She brought her hands together and pressed the mounds tightly over my cock, spitting into the crevasse below, the saliva landing directly on my cock head. A thought came into my head that I hadn't yet come, despite being fucked by Martina's tight mouth and even tighter anus. 

Kim was deprived of this site initially, because her head was wedged deeply between Martina's thighs, but she peeked from underneath Martie's cunt as she heard my moans when Connie's tits surrounded my dick. Martina looked upon the scene approvingly, three fingers pistoning in and out of Kim's drenched love canal. 

"We nicknamed her the five-minute girl", Martina announced proudly. Before I could inquire why, she finished her thought. "Because her tits come into the room five minutes before the rest of her does."

Consuelo smiled, though I wasn't sure she understood completely. What she did understand, though, was how to give an awesome tit-fucking. She presented her tits to me with both hands and made a gesture with her mouth that transcended any language. 
