 FIONA - BY Dee & Steve - this story was written for a young couple who asked us to write a sex fantasy for them. Fiona and andresss wanted a wild sex romp written about Fiona, and so here goes! Hope you like it.

Jim and I had worked together for about ten years. I was his boss, but we were good mates too. We'd also shared some sexy moments together, as we both were married to women who loved to fool around. My wife Dee was a fox, and Jim's wife Angie was also sensational. This story however, does not involve either Dee or Angie. It is about my new personal assistant, Fiona.

Fiona was hired the moment Jim and I saw her enter the office waiting room for the interview. I needed a new PA. We'd advertised and had hundreds of applications, and had narrowed it down to the last half dozen. Fiona was the youngest, and least experienced. However, once I saw her, it mattered little. She was gorgeous in that girl next door who might just be hiding a sexy secret kind of way. During the interview, I discovered that she was a young mum, aged 25, with a pretty face and a great body. Her large breasts seemed to defy gravity, but they also had the delightful bounce of natural boobs as she walked into the office in her black heels. At 5'6" she was about four inches shorter than me, and had a stunning set of legs that she seems to enjoy showing off.

I called her that very afternoon to offer the job, and when a man answered the phone, I was surprised. He introduced himself as andress, her husband. When Fiona came to the phone and I told her the good news, she squealed and shrieked in true excitement. I again congratulated her and asked her to start the following Monday. She thanked me and said goodbye. I placed the phone down and smiled, feeling happy that she was so keen, and also so cute!

The following week was really nice, with Jim and I showing Fiona the ropes. Our business has only twelve employees plus us and Fiona, so it was easy to introduce her to everyone. She adapted quickly, and learnt the ropes of how I needed the office to run. She also seemed to enjoy dressing rather sexy for work, which I didn't mind at all. Most of the time she wore heels, a short skirt and then either a blouse or a jacket over a tight t-shirt. Her young mothers' body was well displayed for us all to see. 

Things were going really well in the office, and Fiona was great. She even began to have more confidence around me, and one day, actually flirted a little when I commented on how good she looked in a black mini she was wearing. Ever the proper boss, and also being married, I didn't want to push things too far. My wife Dee and I had a wonderful open marriage, and we encouraged each other to experiment as long as we told each other about everything we did.

One morning I noticed Fiona had been crying when she bought in my morning tea. 

"Fiona, what's up honey?" I asked genuinely concerned.

"Oooh, andress and I had a fight Mr Bennett. He slept on the couch last night, and he's never done that since I met him six years ago. I don't know what to do!"

"Hmmm....well....what was the fight about my dear?" I enquired, wondering if it was something I could help her with.

"Well.....I'm embarrassed to tell you Mr Bennett, but......it was about money hassles we're having."

"Money? I see. Tell me what the problem is then Fiona, and perhaps I can help?"

"That's awfulyl sweet of you" she said between small sobs, her tears dripping down onto her ruby red lips. "You see, we needed a loan for a car last year, and I was still breastfeeding and so I let andress go out and organise finance without me. I know I shouldn't have Mr Bennett, but he said everything would be fine."

"I see, so what exactly is the problem now honey?" I probed further.

"andress borrowed $15,000 from a loan broker, and now we have fallen behind on the payments, and this guy has threatened to break andress's legs if he doesn't pay back all the money in two weeks. We're not rich Mr Bennett, and we only have about two thousand in the bank, and there's no way we can get that money...and....*sob sob* I'm just really really scared."

I thought carefully about her situation. I knew I could afford to help her out of the trouble, but thought also there might be something in it for me if I did.

"I tell you what Fiona. Let me chat with Jim and we'll see what we can come up with ok? I think I might be able to help out."

"OOooh Mr Bennett, I'm so ashamed to have told you..........but thanks for listening to me."

With that she took a tissue from my desk and left quietly. I sat back in my chair and watched her damn fine ass and legs leave through the glass sliding door. Her heels clicked on the tiled floor as I contemplated the possibilities.

"Jim, can you come into the office please?" I buzzed on the intercom.

"What's up mate?" he said as he bounced in and sat in the other leather recliner in the corner near the fireplace.

"It seems Fiona's got herself in a spot of bother with a loan shark" I said matter of factly.

"Really? I thought she'd be too smart for that!" said Jim in response.

"Seems the husband made a silly move on a car loan last year when she had the baby, and now the bastard is threatening to break his legs unless they cough up the lot."

"Hmmmmm...sounds like she needs some help then" Jim said, "Besides, she is damn cute and I wouldn't mind helping her out if we can boss."

"Good, thought you might think that way pal" I replied, smiling back at him. "I think there's a chance we can all win from this situation though. Fancy some fun with our little office spunk in return for a large cash injection to save her hubby?"

Grinning from ear to ear, Jim replied, "OOooh, I know you too well Steve, you dirty bastard! What do you have in mind?"

"All in good time James, all in good time" I teased my best mate as I poured two scotches and bid him cheers.................

That night at home I told Dee the hassles that Fiona and andress were having, and of my decision to help them out. Dee agreed, and asked me if it was a loan or if I was planning to just give her the money.

"Thought I might ask her to join us at the club for the next party. After all, it is our turn to bring a guest."

"You bastard" she said, smiling and rubbing my thigh, "Make sure you have the technicians at the club tape it all so we can show Jim and Angie afterwards ok?"

"Done" I said, and kissed her on the lips as her tongue darted inside my hungry mouth.

------------------------------------------------ CHAPTER 2

The next day at work I called Fiona into my office and asked her if she had discussed our meeting with andress. She told em she hadn't, and I took my chance.

"Good. I am willing to pay off your debt completely in return for some extra work Fiona. I will give you a choice and it will be your decision and our secret. Noone else needs to know except you and I. Would you like to hear my proposal?"

Nervous but obviously totally overjoyed with such a solution, Fiona said, "Oh yes please MR B, I am dying to hear what you would like me to do."

"Fiona, My wife Dee and I are members of a very exclusive club. It is a swingers club and costs much money to be a member. New people can only join bybbeing nominated by other members, and the number of members in total is always limited to fifty, 25 men and 25 women."

I paused to guage her reaction. She shifted nervously in the leather recliner in front of my desk, not certain of where this proposal was heading. "And.......somehow this has something to do with our agreement?" she asked hesitating.

"Yes Dear. Once a month we hold a 'guests' night where three members are asked to invite a guest who is a friend of their's and they think might enjoy the atmosphere and events that happen at our club. I propose to you that if you come as our guest to the next party and join in the festivities of the night, that i will pay your debt in full and also let you keep any clothing or lingerie that I buy for you to wear to the party. Another condition is that you never tell your husband about our deal. I know this is a big commitment from you, but understand it is also going to cost me a significant amount of money to help you and your husband out of this spot of bother. I have no doubt that once you relax at the club you will ave a wonderful time, as Dee and I do regularly, but it must be your decision and I want you to think about it overnight ok?"

With that, I paused and took a sip of my coke as Fiona's mind whirred and attempted to digest what she had just been told. I got up and poured her a white wine from my bar, and offered it to her as she sat contemplating my offer.

"Mr Bennett. I am vert grateful for the generous offer you have made andress and I."

Damn, I was certain she was going to refuse.

"I will accept your offer under the conditions you stated. I do not need to go home and think it over, as andress has given me no choice but to say yes. I love my husband dearly, and do not wish any harm to come to him if I am able to prevent it. Thank you so much for being so helpful, and I will await your instructions. However, I wish now to leave work for the day."

With that, she gulped down the remainder of her wine, stood up, shook my hand, and left! I was flabbergasted at her coolness. Damn I was going to enjoy this!!!

That evening I rang Fiona at home prior to leaving the office. I needed the details of where to send the money and also wanted to give her the details for the party which was in two weeks time. The phone rang and a man answered.

"Hello" the voice on the other end of the phone said.

"Ah, this is Steve Bennett. Can I please talk with Fiona. It's, ah, regarding work."

"Just a minute" andress said ashe called for Fiona.

"Hello Mr B" she said, sounding far calmer than she had in my office earlier.

"Hi Fiona, just thought I'd get some details from you so I can get things rolling and pay that scumbag whose threatened to break andress's legs. Oh, and I need to give you the specifics about the party too."

We swapped details and then politely chatted for a few minutes, before I said good bye and hung up.

The next two weeks at work were different. Jim and I were keen to see how Fiona handled the situation. To our utmost pleasure, she seemed to be handling it with poise and more than a little curiosity! I'd told Jim that Dee and I were taking her to the swingers club as our guest, and I also told him Dee had made me ask the club to tape her so we could all watch it together afterwards. He just smiled and shook my hand. I felt a little guilty, but then also knew that I was giving her a huge amount of money in return, and that the tape would never be used or seen by anyone other than myself, Dee, Jim and Angie.

On the Thursday of the second week prior to the party, I buzzed Fiona.

"Can you come in here please Fiona?"

"Right away Mr B" she answered.

Click.......click...click...click, she made her way into my office from the desk outside.

"Please close the door love, we need to chat" I said warmly, indicating she should take a seat.

Fiona sat down, her lovely legs crosing over in her miniskirt, a glimpse of stocking top driving me nuts as usual. Damn she was a fox!

"I want you to take the day off tomorrow to prepare for Saturday night. I will pay, and I want you to have your nails done, both hands and feet. Then, I expect you to shop for two outfits. The first, is to be your 'walk-in' outfit. In other words, it is the outfit you will wear to that party when we walk in together. It must be totally sexy and absolutely hot. Heels, makeup, the works. The second outfits is to be some incredibly horny lingerie or fetish gear that you will change in to once we have had a meal and a few drinks to relax. This will be the outfit that you wear as you explore the events of the swingers party with us. I also expect that on Saturday morning you will remove all hair from your body, and have your hair and makeup done professionally. Here is the company credit card, and please, spare no expense. Now, questions?"

"Wow! I don't really know what to say. I guess I've gradually warmed to the idea of having some sexy fun withyou and Dee. At first when you offered I was shocked, but then I thought that it really WAS the ONLY way andress and I are going to get this guy off our backs, and if me having a wild night of fun is the cost, then so be it."

"Great!" I replied. "By the way, can we drop the formalities a little and have you call me Steve? I really do want to be your friend as well as your boss, and the 'Mr Bennett' thing makes me feel old and cold!" I said with a shudder.

"Ok, Steve it is then" she smiled back. "OOh, and please, call me 'Fi' Steve, as we're dropping the formalities."

"Ok Fi, off you go then. I'll pick you up at eight on Saturday."

"See you then Steve."

And with that she hauled those long legs out of the recliner and made her way from my office. Damn I was looking forward to Saturday night. The loan repayment was going to be worth every cent I thought as her hot ass sashayed out of the building.

-------------------------------------------

 CHAPTER 3

When she arrived home, Fiona sat down and planned her long weekend. Friday morning: braziliain wax first, then nails, then shopping, before home for a meal that Adre would prepare. She would make him suffer for putting her in this predicament. Saturday: sleep in and luxuriate in a long bath, before heading out to the hairdresser for the works, followed by makeup at ther favourite salon for the final touch. Then, home to dress and wait to be picked up. Sunday: rest and recuperate as required. Her daily planner was full.

At precisely eight o'clock the doorbell rang. andresss answered it and was surprised, and very pleased, to see Dee standing there. She looked stunning. Her hair, face and nails were immaculate, and she wore a long black fur coat, with what appeared to be boots underneath. andresss invited her in, but she simply said,

"Please tell Fiona we are here".

With that she turned and clicked her way down the pathway towards the waiting car. I was in the taxi waiting whe Dee returned. She climbed into the back seat and we waited for Fiona to emerge. In less than a minute she emerged.

"Don't wait up love" she called back to andresss, who was standing in the doorway watching his wife head off to a swingers club with us. 

I wondered if she had told him anything at all. Somehow I suspected not. She looed lovely, and like Dee her hair, makeup and nails looked sensational. She too wore a coat, but it was not fur. It was pvc, and was skin tight all the way down. On her feet she wore black stiletto sandals, and what appeared to be stockings or pantyhose. I hoped inside that they were stockings, as I adored the way they hold a woman's ass with those sexy little garter belts!

We said our greetings and were off. Dee and I had decided we would say very little until we arrived, not wanting to frighten Fiona or make her unnecessarily wary. In the back of the cab Dee offered Fiona a champagne. We'd bought with us three of those little bottles that contain not much more than a standard glass.

"Cheers" I said. "Here's to a night of adventure and fun".

Sipping on our drinks, we made it to the party on fifteen minutes, and the cab dropped us off right at the main entrance of the colonial home the club had booked for this party. Each party is held in a different location, and this time we had selected a huge old mansion on the outskirts of town that was now used as a function centre. I went to Fiona's door and ushered her out of the cab before returning to Dee and doing the same. I felt totally proud when the three of us entered the foyer, me with a stunning woman on each arm. I must admit I had a stirring in my loins the moment we entered and all eyes fell upon the new girl. I squeezed Fiona's hand gently, and she turned to me smiling nervously.

A small table had been set up for members to sign in, and behind the table sat Janice, the current President of our swingers club.

"Welcome folks. Ahhh, this must be Fiona!" she said. "I have heard a lot about you. Have a wonderfulk time tonight my dear, and enjoy every experience our club has to offer. You won't regreat it!".

And with that, we moved to where the consierge was helping members remove their coats. Each of us held our small bag in our hand that contained our more 'erotic' costume that we would change into later in the night after we had all shared dinner.

Ass the man removed Dee's fur coat, he revealed a stunning full length dress that flowed down my lovely wife's body like a second skin. It was made of sheer, glittery material and looked superb. The only other item adorning her stunning figure was a pair of black thigh boots with classic stiletto heels. They were incredible. Around her neck Dee wore the pure gold necklace I had given her for our wedding anniversary the year before. It was a choker style chain and was joined at the nape of her neck with a gold padlock. I loved it and it was very symbolic of my love for my wife of many years.

The night was about Fiona though, and like a small child at christmas time, I was dying to see her unwrap her body. I was especially keen to feast my eyes on her gorgeous breasts, the ones that had caught my eye the moment she had walked into the office for the interview. As the man removed her coat, she was facing away from me. I was treated to a stunning view. Her dress mathced the harshness of her pvc trench coat. It was fire engine red. It featured a lace up rear, which went all the way down to the bottom of the dress, thus revealing Fiona's taut buns between red laced up material for all to see. It was stunning and perfect for the party. She turned to me, the front of the dress identical to the rear, her stunning breasts encased in matching red lace up pvc.

"How do I look?" she asked trying to play innocent.

"Absolutely stunning" I stammered. "Shall we go in?"

And with that the three of us entered the formal dining room which featured a large bar area to one side where all the members were mingling and chatting as they enjoyed pre-dinner drinks. I was wearing the standard dinner fare for male members. My surprise outfit for Fiona and Dee was in my small bag. I wore a waistcoat and bow tie, with chaps and boots, my buttocks exposed for the women to see. As we headed for the bar, my butt was pinched and I turned to see Rachel Young, a good friend of ours grinning.


"Hi Steve" she smiled, her tongue flicking the rim of her glass. "Hope to be seeig more of you after dinner".

And with that she was off. God I loved this club!

Dinner was lovely as we enjoyed soem good company and explained some things to Fiona who was visibly nervous. After three of four champagnes though,bot her and Dee had relaxed and were enjoying themselves, sharing jokes and giggles with the others at our table.

Soon enough a tall man appeared at the bar with a microphone.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to this evenings festivities. It is my pleasure this evening to be your host. My name is James and I am hoping to be seeing much more of many of you very soon!"

This bought a general laugh from the crowd.

"Now, tonight's special guests have been invited to join us, and I would like to take this opportunity to introduce them all to you. The first guest is Mr Karl Uther. Karl - please stand and make yourself known to us."

A short tubby man dressed in a formal suit stood up as the audience clapped and whistled.

"Terence Downing - your turn sir".

A black man stood up, to the wolf whistling of most of the women - typical! I heard Dee whisper into Fiona's ear, 

"Make a note, we must find out if the rumours are true ok?" she giggled.

"And finally, Ms Fiona Sanchez".
