 I had been working for Tony for about two months as the company secretary and his P.A. It was a good working environment and Tony and I got along well with a certain amount of sexual innuendo, flirting and the occasional bout of touchy feely. I was invited to have dinner with Tony and his wife Rachel one Saturday evening and I had arranged to stay overnight. After a lovely meal, with wine, we moved into the lounge and had a few more drinks and the conversation had been very pleasant. At about ten o'clock Rachel surprised me when she said "I'd like to stay up to watch the Saturday film. I can tell by the way you've been looking up Fiona's skirt all night and the smiles she's been giving you that you've been waiting for me to go to bed. By the tiredness in her eyes I don't think she'll be up to much if you wait for the end of the film. Tony why don't you take Fiona upstairs you'll both be more comfortable there anyway."

Without hesitating Tony stood up, took my hand and I followed him out of the lounge in total surprise. As we got to the stairs Tony said "Rachel obviously likes you and she's given me the signal that it will be o.k. for me to have you, if you'd like that." I didn't know what to say I was taken aback. I thought Tony attractive and it had been some time since I'd been with anyone, about six weeks since my last relationship. "I've obviously surprised you, but the idea that something might be possible with you has been in my mind since your interview."

I was very relaxed possibly due to the wine. "I am attracted to the idea, but Rachel."

"Don't worry about that it's never a problem. Let's go to your room and see where we go." He led me up the stairs and we were soon in the bedroom.

"Were you really looking up my skirt?"

"Certainly and a very nice view it was."

"I'm glad you like it. But before we go further what about you and Rachel?"

"As I've told you, it's not a problem and you know from what she said that Rachel knows my intentions."

"And what exactly are your intentions?"

"You heard me say the other day in the office that I thought you'd be good in bed, even though you thought I was only joking."

"Are you going to take me to bed then?"

"I would love to but only if your willing."

I was still finding it difficult to take in. Me in a bedroom with my boss whilst his wife was downstairs, knowing what he had in mind. I didn't want to sour my relationship with him or to not appreciate their hospitality. I wanted a man and I knew I wanted Tony. "I'd love to be taken to bed and I want you to do me."

"Come here." I moved closer standing in front of him. He reached out and held my face gently. "We'd better get you ready for fucking then. I'm going to undress you first before working on getting you nice and wet."

"Mmmm that sounds good." He removed my clothes slowly until I was standing in only my black bra, thong and hold-up stockings. 

"What a gorgeous body you've got, but there are some important bits yet to be revealed." Tony was standing behind me as he unclipped my bra, easing it off before reaching round and cupping my breasts. "Lovely firm little tities and your nipples are rock hard. I think you really up for this."

"I've said I want you and I guess it shows." He knelt behind me and started lowering my thong down my legs. His hands travelled up the back of my legs from the ankles until he was squeezing a bum cheek in each.

"Lovely firm buttocks," he said as he stood up. "Go and lie on your tummy on the bed whilst I get ready." It wasn't long before he joined me on the bed, still wearing his white pants. He straddled my body sitting at the base of my spine. I then heard a hissing sound and felt a cold feeling on my back as he sprayed some massage lotion on to my body. Tony started massaging my neck and shoulders, his technique was good both physical and sensual. I was really relaxed as he shuffled down my body eventually ending up standing at the foot of the bed. He caught hold of both my ankles and slowly pulled my body down the bed and closer to him. At the same time he spread my legs open. I heard the hissing sound again and felt coldness on the backs of my legs and buttocks as he applied some more lotion. He used both hands to massage up one leg then the other. He then knelt between my legs on the bed and started massaging my buttocks one in each hand. As he squeezed I could feel him pulling my bum cheeks apart and knew he was getting a good look at my anal ring. I then felt a finger stroking lightly along my cleft backwards and forwards slowly working its way lower towards my pussy. I felt it slide between my lips and I gave a little shudder as it rubbed over my clit. Holding his hand there I felt his thumb pushing its way inside me. "Fiona your cunts wonderfully tight and so wet." I felt him replacing his thumb with a finger that he worked in and out of me going deep. He eased a second finger in. "Can you hear how wet you are?"

"Mmmmm," I responded as he expertly fingered my hole. I knew I'd be wet for him, I get quite moist and two months of juices had been stored up.

"It's a lovely pussy to play with but I need to taste you now and I'm sure you'd like a cock to play with."

"I'd love you to eat my pussy and playing with your cock should be fun."

"Turn on to your back," he said as he moved round and slipped his pants off. He took up position, on top, in a classic 69 and I got my first sighting of his cock. A nice looking piece of meat with a pair of large balls hanging loose in their sacks. He was still fairly flaccid but I could see he was uncut and with a sizeable girth. He had pulled my pussy lips apart and was already licking along my slit and tasting me. I caught hold of his shaft with one hand and started rolling back his foreskin whilst gently squeezing his nuts in the other. I had soon revealed his rather large cock head and had started licking it. I was certainly enjoying Tony's attention to my pussy as he pushed his tongue inside me and licked and nibbled on my clit. Tony was appreciating the treatment I was giving his cock as he started to harden with his head fully in my mouth. It was quite an effort to accommodate his thickness in my small mouth. He quickly got fully hard and I was no longer able to close my fist around his shaft. His was the fattest cock I'd ever handled. My tummy fluttered a little as I imagined him fucking me with it later. I was squeezing and sucking his cock vigorously between bouts of moaning and twitching as he continued to work my love hole and clit with his mouth and tongue. My efforts on his cock meant I was soon able to taste the saltiness of his pre-cum as I worked it slowly out of him. I eventually released his cock head from my mouth. I felt the wonderful feeing of a climax building. Tony worked his tongue deep in to my hole and I filled his mouth with my love juice as he made me cum strongly with all my body tingling. "That was terrific; are you normally as wet as that?" He said as we recovered.

"Not usually, but it has been some time and you knew how to work it out of me."

"You taste so good; it was worth all the effort."

"Your cock's pretty tasty as well. I'd love to feel it inside me."

"How would you like to take it?"

"Oh! It's got to be doggy." He positioned me kneeling, at the edge of the bed, my head down and bum up. He stood on the floor behind me. I felt his hand parting my lips and his cock head rubbing along me. He placed his cock at my entrance and slowly pushed inside me. I was very moist and I felt his head opening me up as it stretched me and slipped in easily. He stayed still for a few moments with only his head inside before slowly easing his full length up me. My pussy felt fuller than I'd ever imagined and I was in heaven as he started to stroke his fat fuck tool in and out. He was well practiced and varied his approach. Long strokes, deep penetration, quickening then slowing of pace bringing me to the edge time and time again. He was fucking me hard. "Tony please don't stop make me cum," I implored him. He fucked harder and deeper and this time there was no stopping as I started shaking in the throws of another orgasm. I had no time to catch my breath as Tony expertly flipped me over on to my back and was soon feeding his cock into me in missionary. It slipped in easily as I was so wet and his meat filled my hole completely, he was certainly an accomplished fucker. He began pounding me whilst sucking on my tiny nipples; they were so hard and sensitive. His pumping didn't last long as he fucked another climax out of me.

"You're certainly a lady who likes to cum."

"It's your skill in milking my juice. You certainly know how to give a lady a good shagging."

"I bet you know how to ride a cock. Why don't you show me?" I took him up on his offer. He sat on the edge of the bed and I knelt either side of his thighs and slowly slid my very moist cunt down on to his still very hard, very fat cock. It did feel so good being stretched wide and totally filled. I was sitting on his balls and he was as deep inside me as he could be. "That's great your pussy's so tight around my cock."

"You must feel that with most women you fuck given the size of your cock."

"Yes, but you are a very tight young lady."

"Thank you for the compliment. You're exceptionally well hung yourself. You've got the fattest cock I've ever had and you know what to do with it."

"Well practice makes perfect." I started to ride his cock, slowly lifting myself up and down and sliding on his full length. Tony was nuzzling into my boobs sucking and chewing on my nipples as well as squeezing my breasts in his hands. His hands then moved to my buttocks and he encouraged and supported me in increasing my pace. He obviously knew from my increased breathing and moaning that I was working up to another orgasm. "Go on fuck harder soak my cock." His words worked as my cum spilt out covering his cock. "Quick, turn round and see if you make yourself cum again." I responded without thinking swivelling round and facing away I placed my feet on the ground giving me greater power. Tony started circling my anal rose with his finger. "Will you take a finger in there?"

"Mmmm, but not your cock." He pushed his finger into my bum hole and slid it in and out in time with my movement up and down his cock. This quickly started that wonderful feeling in my tummy as I exploded once again. My legs shook and weakened and I lay backwards into Tony who took my weight down with him on to the bed. We lay there quiet for a while, Tony gently stroking my boobs as we both recovered. "That was incredible."

"I knew you could ride cock."

"It's your wonderful cock that does it. I'm absolutely fucked out. I don't think I've got any more love juice left, I think you've emptied me. You've exhausted me."

"Too exhausted for some sperm tasting?"

"No, never too tired for that."

"How do you want it? Do you want me to feed you or have you got enough energy to milk it out?"

"What would you like?"

"Would you suck me off?"

"It would be a pleasure." Tony was on his back and I knelt at his side. "You're incredible your cocks still so hard. Doesn't it ever go down?"

"Only once it's released its load." I sucked and licked his cock whilst jacking it with my hand. He was enjoying it and soon I knew he was ready to cum. I fastened my mouth over his cock head.

"Oooh! Fiona here it comes!" His cock started to twitch and spurt after spurt of warm salty spunk started to fill my mouth. I kept going until his twitching stopped and I had got all his thick sperm out. "Show me what you've done." I let his cock out of my mouth; I opened wide and showed him the results of his efforts. "Wow! That's a big load." I looked at him as I tasted it and swallowed it down.

"Mmmmm you taste so good, so thick and creamy."

"Fiona you are a really naughty girl and an excellent fuck, I told you that you would be. Come here and give me a cuddle." I did as requested and snuggled in.....................................

I must have gone to sleep almost immediately. I remember half-waking at about seven-thirty, my normal wake up time during the week. I realised I was alone in bed; Tony must have gone during the night. I also had a feeling in my pussy that let me know I'd been very well fucked the night before. I dozed off again feeling fulfilled. I heard a knock knock; lying on my front I turned my head towards the door still half asleep. I watched as Rachel came into the room. I had not thought about her since the moment that Tony had started to undress me. Rachel was wearing stripy men's pyjamas. She looked at me. "Good morning Fiona I've just come to check that Tony behaved himself last night. I hope he satisfied you. He was certainly very contented when he joined me."

I was surprised and still a little drowsy. "He took good care of me."

"Good. I know its Sunday morning and you might have things to do but Tony and I are in no rush so just take your time."

"Thank you. I've nothing planned for the rest of the day," I responded. With that Rachel left. I couldn't believe how cool Rachel had been, knowing that her husband had fucked me the night before.

A few minutes later my bedroom door opened again and it was Rachel. This time she was totally nude and I could see Tony behind her. "As you're not in any hurry I thought Tony and I could wake you up properly." She walked round to the other side of the bed and slipped under the duvet next to me. Tony, also naked slipped in on my other side. "I hope you like pussy. I'm looking forward to sampling yours. Tony says you taste good," Rachel said as I felt her hand caressing my buttocks.

"I love playing with pussy, I just don't get it often enough."

"You're welcome to play with me. Tony slip the duvet off then you can watch us having fun." The duvet was pulled away and Tony left us to it, going to sit in a chair. I turned round and faced Rachel and our tongues were soon exploring each others mouths. As our mouths parted Rachel whispered in my ear. "Did you enjoy being fucked last night?"

"Yes I did. Tony made me cum so much. Thank you for letting him have me," I whispered back.

"That's alright. Tony's wanted to fuck you for some time. You liked his dick then?"

"His cocks so fat, it stretched me so wide. You're lucky to have him as yours."

"I know, but that's enough about Tony it's my turn to fuck you now." Our mouths entwined again with tongues probing in that soft woman on woman way. I was stroking her body with its smooth skin and could feel the warmth of her firm breasts against mine. Her large hard nipples were nudging into me. I was looking forward to being able to examine every nook and cranny of her body. I had gone too long without female company. "I want your pussy," Rachel whispered. I shuffled around and we were soon in a sideways sixty-nine. I could smell the wonderful scent coming from between her legs. I know why men enjoy going down on women, you don't get that love aroma from a mans cock. I could see Rachel's pussy a neatly trimmed strip of ginger with large pink lips. I pulled her open and she looked ready, all pink and moist. I could also see that she had what appeared to be quite a sizeable clit. At the same time I felt my pussy being parted by Rachel's fingers. I then experienced that wonderful sensation that you get when a tongue licks along your slit. "Mmmmm that tastes good," Rachel said before starting to lick some more. I decided to follow her example as I tasted her pussy for the first time. It tasted wonderful. I was determined to concentrate initially on her clit before exploring her pussy further. 

Using my fingers I gently rolled and squeezed her love button which was larger than average. This action produced moans of satisfaction from Rachel in-between her tongue probing deep into my love hole. Rachel has a long snake like tongue ideal for the job and she was certainly making me wet. I continued working on her clit, carefully easing her little purple nub out from under its protective hood. This is something I've always liked to do ever since being shown how by my godmother who gave me my first female on female experience. I soon had Rachel's clit free from its covering. I started to lick it gently. Rachel reacted immediately "Oh fuck! That's good! What are you doing down there!" This response showed me she was now extremely sensitive just as I wanted her. I continued the licking and circling of my tongue, gradually increasing the pressure. Rachel was now moaning louder and squirming, she'd stopped giving my pussy attention. I didn't mind as I was getting excited by what I was doing to her. I sucked her clit into my mouth, nibbling and licking it. "Oh fuck! Yes! Yes! Yes! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" Rachel screamed, her body shaking uncontrollably in the throws of a huge orgasm. I moved my mouth over her love hole to take in all the juice she was making and she was making plenty.

"Fiona! What did you do? I haven't seen Rachel cum like that in a long time. You've certainly got a very well practiced mouth," came Tony's voice from his viewing point on the chair.

"Shit Fiona! I don't think I've cum like that since the last time I was DP'd," Rachel went on, trying to get her breath back. "I've got to make you cum I want your juice. Why don't you sit on my face." I duly obliged facing her face and being able to look directly at Tony who was watching me have my pussy eaten. I placed my hands behind me for support and so that I could play with Rachel's tits and nipples. Rachel was able to tongue deep into my hole and I was able to slide my pussy around to get her attention on my sensitive spots.

"Fiona did you just cum baby?" Tony questioned.

"Mmmmm just a little," I replied. I sometimes do that when I'm horny and excited and being worked up.

"I could tell by the look on your face."

Rachel continued sexing me up and it wasn't long before I was climaxing long and hard on her mouth. Rachel held on to me tight and continued her oral treatment bringing me off once again. I fell over to the side and lay on my back trying to recover my composure. Rachel was certainly energetic and as randy as hell. She positioned her pussy above my head and was soon into a sixty nine. She was again working on my clit and love hole and I was probing my tongue up into her whilst frigging her clit with my thumb. It wasn't long before both us climaxed strongly together in a cacophony of noisy pleasure. Rachel collapsed next to me both of us gently stroking each others tummies in the afterglow. It was quiet apart from our heavy breathing. "Do you feel up to taking some more of Tony's cock? I know you took quite a bit last night but I'd love to see you being fucked by him," Rachel said breaking the silence.

"Mmmm I can think of nothing nicer right now," I replied.

"I'll give you a nice massage to help you recover whilst you get Tony ready. Just lie down here." Rachel assisted me to move so that I was on my front my head hanging over the end of the bed. I then felt coolness on my back and realised that she had poured a little lotion on to me. She started to work it in with her hands whilst kneeling alongside me. It felt so good. After a short while I heard Tony moving and he took up a position at the foot of the bed. He sat on the floor facing me with his bottom close to the bed. He lay back and put his legs up (from the knee down) on to the bed either side of my head and body. In this position I had perfect access to his cock with both hands and mouth without disturbing my massage position. His cock was soft and flaccid but soon began to grow as I stroked it in my hands and played with his lovely heavy balls. I pulled back his foreskin and lowered my mouth over his swollen head and started sucking him. "Does he taste as good as last night?" Rachel questioned.
