 This story is for the 2012 winter contest. Hope you enjoy reading it and let me know what you think of it. 

********************

I left from Denver Colorado on the day after Christmas on a train heading to Vermont. I had worked this out with my girlfriend Amy and was going to go and spend a week of the winter break with her at her house and meet her family. At the time I thought it was a good idea, but after 36 hours, and two thousand miles in the train living off of nothing but water and Spaghetti-O's I really started to have second thoughts.

The thought of meeting her parents for the first time was frightening enough, but living with them for a whole week in their house! "What in the hell was I thinking," was what was running through my mind as the train started to come to a stop the destination. I grabbed my backpack and suitcase and started to walk down the steps. 

Amy was waiting all bundled up in coat and hat. I stepped on off the train onto the platform and she threw herself at me. "James!" Dropping my bags in the slush I grabbed her head and kissed.

It was odd that it had only been a couple of weeks since I had seen her. The exciting tingle that occurs with a new lover had died back a few months ago for both of us, but there, on that cold snowy platform it hit both of us again. All thoughts of our surroundings were lost. We did not care that there were a few people staring at us. Did not care that train had already started to leave again. Did not care that my belonging were absorbing the slush. 

We finally broke the kiss and the chill that had set in from standing there in the sub-freezing weather suddenly hit me. "Damn it's cold Amy," I said as I bent down to pull a jacket out of my bag.

"Well hello to you too James," she said with a giggle.

"I thought we already said hello, or is that not what you were doing," I said while pulling my jacket on. I started to look around and was amazed at the amount of snow. Last time I saw this much piled up was in the mountains in Colorado in February. "I heard that you got snow, but this is more then just snow."

She reached down and grabbed my bag with one hand and my hand with the other and started to walk to the nearby car. "We had a nor'easter come through here a few days ago. Then it has been snowing a bit more every day since. Supposed to keep up for most of the next week."

"The car was still warm at least," I thought since my hands already getting cold and I started to shiver. We climbed in, Amy started the car, and before she could put it in drive, I grabbed her head again and pulled it over. Again the shivers just went down my spine, but these were of a different sort then what I felt outside in the cold and her hand touching my thigh made it even stronger. Amy's hand moved up and went to my crotch rubbing. In no time the windows were fogged up. 

"I have missed you so much Amy." I said finally breaking the kiss. Luckily by now my hands warmed up a bit and I slipped one into her pants and started to rub her over her panties. 

She leaned back, further unbuttoning her pants and giving me more access. "Oh not as much as I have missed ... AHH... you. " She stammered as my hand slipped inside her panties and started to rub her clit. She was so wet that is felt like she must of been thinking about this all day. My hand started to rub her faster and way too soon for her she felt herself starting to cum. 

I took my hand out of her pants and brought the fingers up to my nose to smell her arousal. "You smell so good," I sucked the fingers into my mouth. "And taste even better."

She sat up and looked around. The windows were still fogged up, but we could still see partially out of them. There was no one around and there was only one other car in the parking lot, but it was parked a ways away. "My turn then. Keep a look out," she said. I had already unbuttoned my pants and helped her slide them and my underwear down. "Oh how I have missed this," she said sounding more like she was talking more to my hard-on then to anyone else. She wrapped her hands around my shaft and pulled down and was rewarded with a drop of moisture oozing from its tip. "Yum," and she quickly licked it up and then sucked me all the way down to the base of my cock feeling it slide down the back of her throat. She then started to bob up and down and at the same time jerking me off. 

"Oh my God Amy! I am going to cum in like 30 seconds if you keep that up," I moaned as I close my eyes. 

She took her mouth off for just a second and looked at me. "Good." She said and then started again in earnest. Her hand following her lips down his shaft then over my balls as I slide into her throat. Up...down. My hands move to the back of her head and my hips start to rise up to meet her. I can see her eyes start to water as I have taken over and was pretty much fucking her face.

"Oh hear it comes..." I tell her and I stop moving. Amy takes over again with her hand jacking me quickly but slow shallow head bobs so that she can catch me in her mouth so she could remember my taste. The first shot hit the back of her throat causing a slight choke and then she caught the rest in her mouth and over her tongue. She kept the slow pace milking me till she I pulled her head off. She swirled the cum in her mouth and swallowed it before rising up and kissing me. I could taste me still in her mouth and just though how sexy that was. 

"I love that so much Amy. Thank you." I said when we broke the kiss. 

"Thank you too James. I am so glad that you are here. My family really wants to meet you. " Amy said straightening up and turned on the defrost for the car windows.

As the two of us waited to see out the windows again and finally leave the parking lot, the fear of meeting her parents starts to creep into my stomach again. "What the hell was I thinking," invades my thoughts again as we drive to her house.

**************

Turned out that meeting her parents was not the problem that I needed to be worried about. Her family was not nearly as bad as I had feared. Sure her father was so big I felt like he could snap me in two if he wanted to, but everyone was very nice and seemed to like me. Her sister was the only one that seemed a little putout and even that was easy to ignore and soon even she warmed up to me. Amy and I though had to keep things to just hand holding around them. A bit tough since we really both just really wanted to find a way to make up for the last two weeks. That first night was not too bad since I was so tired from only sleeping in uncomfortable train seats. Just the innocent kiss we shared before bed was enough.

The problem started first thing the next day. I woke up, threw on a shirt and walked out still in my shorts I slept in. I found Amy busy already in the kitchen and appeared to be the only one up. 

"Good morning James," Amy said as I walked into the kitchen. "Sleep well?" She walked up to me and gave me a kiss that would have woke me out of a coma. Then suddenly she broke the kiss leaving me longing and hard. I was about to grab her when I saw what caused her to stop as her sister walked in. I quickly tried to adjust my pants and leaned up against the counter trying to hide my erection from her eyes.

"Morning you two," her sister said with a little hint of amusement in her voice confirming my suspicion that she saw. "Has dad already left?" She asked as she walked to the fridge and got out the milk.

"Yup. He will not be back for a few hours. He wanted to get some groceries before the storm hit." Amy answered. Her face was slightly pink but her tone was nonchalant. They talked back and forth like it was just a normal day.

I was still trying not to be embarrassed by Julie seeing me. After a few minutes, I managed to move a way from the counter and started to partake in the discussion. It was about the snow that keeps falling and the fact that their snow blower died trying to deal with the recent nor'easter. "And now another storm? How bad is this one?" I asked.

"There is supposed to be another foot of snow today and still more tomorrow, and without the snow blower it is just going to take forever to shovel unless we get what's out there off the ground now." Julie said. "Even so, it will still take hours! Man I hate shoveling snow." 

"Well I really don't mind helping out. I know how to work a shovel," I said when Julie mentioned how she hated shoveling snow.

"Oh good," answered Julie. "I guess it won't be so bad that you are here after all."

"Well thanks for the ringing endorsement," I joked.

Smiling Julie got up from the table. "Besides James, I would think that the cold air would do you some good. That way you don't have to hide behind the counter anymore."

Amy just laughed when my face started to turn red. "I think you are right. Some exercise might help cool him down too." Amy continued.

I was trying to laugh a long with them. This is not the kind of humor I was expecting when I got here. "Well then I guess I should get started now while I still need the cold huh." I said. 

"I will come out to help too," said Amy. "I could use a little cool down myself."

The two of us got dressed in winter gear and went out and started to shovel snow. Between the snow fights, the pushing of the other into the snow piles, and the long periods of kissing and subtle touching it took a long time. Unfortunately it also got us both so worked up and horny that neither could quite see straight. We walked into the garage and started making out with hands going into jackets and into snow pants and then the garage door opened and we managed to get hands back to ourselves just about the time her father started to pull in. The two of us looked guilty, but just told him that we had just finished the shoveling.

The rest of the day was just a repeat of this scenario; this crazy sexual buildup and then an interruption ending in frustration. The two of us would then go out to shovel the little bit of snow that had accumulated. Amy's house was way to small and had way too many people in it all day long. By the time it was time for bed my balls were starting to hurt and Amy was getting irritated with everyone. There was just nowhere the two of us could meet to let off this build up. When I asked about Amy coming in to my room that night she just said that she could not do it with her sister sharing her room and her mother and father right next door. 

"Amy this is killing me," I said. "I was all worried about meeting your family and now I just dread never getting alone with you. Can't we just take the car and go to some back road?"

"I would love too, but where do you think the snow plows are putting all this snow? The main roads are almost impassable as it is and we should not go driving. What's worse is that it is going to keep snowing." Amy said with her hands wrapped up tight around her making sure not to touch me. She too looked like this was driving her crazy. "The only thing that helps is shoveling this damn snow. I wish we could just make a snow hut or something and ..."

I looked at her afraid of what was going on in her mind. "I don't think that building a snow hut in your backyard will help much. I don't really know how to build one and even if I did I don't think it would be much more private then here."

"No, not a snow hut, but somewhere else. A hiding place that I know. Somewhere that my friend and I found and used to play at." Amy said. I saw a sort of spark in her eye and a little color rise in her cheeks.

"What is this secret place," he asked.

"There is a small gully a ways behind her house in the forest. You cannot see anyone in it and it is far enough away from the road and houses that you cannot be heard. I should have thought about it earlier today." Amy said. "And besides... it is a rather special place for me. " she said with a the color continuing to darken on her face.

"I like the sound of this place. May be a bit chilly though." I said.

Amy started blushing harder, "Oh it is not bad. A blanket or even just dressed in sweaters with your jacket on the ground and it can be pretty comfortable."

Suddenly an icy chill hit me. "Oh?" asked I rather coolly. "Sounds like you have some experience with this sort of thing there before."

Amy looks away face burning. "I have, but not in the way you think. Well it is in the way you think but..." She takes a deep breath. "My best friend I have talked about, Heather, well this spot is way behind her house. When we were younger we experimented a little there."

"Oh," I said with the chill gone. "That sounds interesting." This was the first I heard of this.

"It was just experimentation really, she showed me how to masturbate and then we would rub ourselves and then tell the other how it felt and what we were doing." Amy's blushing rather fiercely and looking at the floor. 

"Sounds like fun. I wish I could have watched that as a teenager." I said. 

Then she looked up, "Well anyway James, let's go there tomorrow. We will say we are going sledding and then head there. What do you say?" Her hand touched my thigh. "You open for something out in the woods?"

"Mmmmm... I like the sound of that Amy." I bend forward and tried to pull Amy towards me. She brought her hand up between our lips.

"Not tonight. I am already too worked up. Tomorrow morning after we shovel the driveway. Then..." and her hand on my thigh slides up just a couple of inches, but that was enough to get the point across sending those damn shivers up my spine again.

I kissed the back of her hand. "Then tomorrow." I said. "Now get out of here before I change my mind at start something now."

Amy stood up. "Tomorrow James." And she went back to her room.

**************************

Next day we both got up early and only gave each other a small kiss when we met in the kitchen. "Morning James." Amy said. "Ready to tackle that driveway again? I wanted to talk to you about something while we worked."

Finishing a yawn, I looked at her and saw her face was a bit pink. "What's wrong?," I asked concerned. My first thought was that something was about to prevent us from going to the woods. It was all I could think about after I went to bed. "Are we not going sledding today?"

Julie walked in at that moment. "Sledding today? Do you two realize that it is below zero out there." She then sat down at the table with the two of us.

Amy ignored her and just smiled at me. "No, I still wanted to go sledding, but I was thinking I want to..." she bit her lip for a second then continued on. "to tell Heather."

Julie looked at the two of them, "Well she at least is smart enough not to try to go sledding out in this. There is too much snow and way to cold."

I also ignored her. "You really want to ask Heather?" I could not believe I just heard that. My crotch made a little jump.

"Hello! Sitting right here you two?" Julie said. "Were you going to invite me or just leave me trapped inside? It may be fun to watch the two of you freeze your asses off when you start to get wet from finding out that you cannot sled in this."

Amy just turned to her, "The trapped option." She then turned her attention back to me. "I don't know about ask, just let her know and see what she does. Though I think I know what she will do."

Julie just stood up and started to walk off. "Fine! Go and have your fun rolling around freezing your ass off." She turned to walk away and froze as she listened to her words. You could see her mind working. She turned around and started to look at the two of us mouth open in a little "O" shaped as she began to fit the pieces together. 

Both Amy and I just burst out laughing. 

"You don't mean ... you two aren't thinking about ... out there? In the cold? In the snow?" Julie stammered. Then her eyes opened as the last piece settled in and her hands were brought up to her mouth in complete shock. "Heather too?"

Amy just laughed harder, but I was a bit embarrassed by this and just burst out, "Just sledding Julie!" My face just got redder and redder damning me further. 

Amy just laughed harder. 

Julie got over her shock and looked at me. "Maybe sending you out in the cold did not cool you off after all did it James?" Now she knew and just started to rub it in.

I just stood up decided the best option here was to flee. "Amy, do you want to go and shovel that driveway?" 

Amy stood up still laughing. "Yeah...let's get going before any more ideas pop into her twisted dirty head."

Julie just kept egging me on. "Yeah, go back and work that shovel in the snow. I am sure that it will get you in the mood to go sledding." Then she started to laugh.

I walked to the room and shut the door and got ready, but could still hear Amy and Julie talking and teasing each other. The thought that Julie knows just filled me with dread. What if she told her father! How would I ever live that down? 

***********************

Amy and I did shovel the driveway and took time talking. Amy explained that she thought of the plan to ask Heather last night. She really did not know just what would happen, but this may be the only time that this situation would ever have a chance of happening. Amy had been friends with Heather for a very long time and Heather and Amy had joked about sharing a boyfriend before, but never did it. It was more of a half joke thought because Amy knew that there was more truth in it then either admitted. This would be the perfect time too. Amy did not think there would be no jealous feeling or worries since I lived and went to school 2000 miles away so Amy knew it would only be this once. This was an opportunity that Amy had thought about for a long time which again made it easier to accept. I of course was willing to try this, but was a little worried about getting along with Heather. It is sad, but I was afraid to find her ugly and totally undesirable. I knew it was shallow, but I was so horny I did not want that to ruin this.

Amy had called Heather and told her that the two of us were on our way over and that she wanted to introduce her to me. Also this gave us a far better excuse then the sledding one since Julie was right, it would not fool anyone since it would have been impossible to go sledding in this weather and the three feet of light fluffy snow. So we grabbed my backpack that we had packed with a blanket and headed off.

Heather's house that was just down the road so we walked and worked out a bit a of plan. I was both excited and nervous about this. It was determined that Amy would talk to Heather about this when I was out of the room. That way Heather would not be to intimidated. I felt like this was best too since I don't know exactly what I would have done or said either. 

We walked up and knocked on the door and this attractive brunette with a round face and brown eyes opened the door. "Hello Amy. Come in out of that cold." She said.

"Thanks Heather." Amy said. "So Heather, this is James," she said. 

We stepped in and Heather surprised me by giving me a hug. I gave a hug back and then she stepped back. "Good to meet you James. Amy has told me soooo much about you."

"Uh oh," I said. "I am sure she has. She has told me a lot about you too."

We took off our boots and sat in their living room. Her house was just about as small as Amy's was and, from what I could hear in the kitchen and back rooms, had just as many people. "So James how you do you like all of this snow?" Heather asked. We talked back and forth for a little bit and then Amy and her started talking about some friends and things going on that I had no idea about. I took this time to look at Heather a bit more and liked what I saw there and really hoping that she was going to be game for this. Heather's younger sister, another Julie, came out and we all got up and moved into Heather's room. Before we sat down I excused myself to go to the bathroom. 
