 I was working late, again, when the guys from Engine House No. 12 stopped by, again. I was the only one in the office - funny how it always worked out that my boss was never around when bad news came, and I was always the one to handle it. Not that I particularly minded the visits from the firefighters - I'd always had a thing for guys in uniform...

My boss was a great guy, but had really been irresponsible about responding to the warnings of code violations we'd received from the fire department. And I was worried that if he got in real trouble with this stuff - like a fine, or having to shut the office down until things were resolved - that my job might be in jeopardy.

"Hi, Bethany. How are you doing today? Any progress to report?"

"I'm afraid not. I swear I've passed on all of your messages to my boss, but he just hasn't taken any action yet. Is there anything I can do for you guys today?"

"If you could just walk us through one more time, that would be great."

I grabbed my ring of keys from my desk, and led the men through our small building, unlocking doors as they requested, watching as they scribbled notes on pads of paper that looked tiny in their big, strong hands. It was the same three guys who had come by twice before - first, after the little fire we'd had, and a second time to see if my boss had cleared up some violations. Johnson, Smith, and Bradley, I think their names were, if my memory of their nametags served. Frankly, though, I spent more time looking elsewhere.

As I was pondering whether it was really the uniforms themselves that were so sexy, or just the fact that these guys were in such phenomenal physical condition, one of them spoke, his words interrupting my daydream.

"Well, Bethany, I'm afraid we're going to have to red card the whole building."

"What... oh, no! Are you sure there isn't anything I can do?"

"Well, it's not your fault - your boss really should have taken care of these violations when we originally cited him."

"So, does that mean we'll have to shut the place down until things are resolved?"

"I'm afraid so," Johnson said, continuing to scribble on his notepad.

I was filled with conflicting thoughts: I was angry with my boss for putting me in this situation; I was worried about my next paycheck; and, irrationally, given the seriousness of the situation and professionalism of the firefighters, I was turned on by watching these men in uniform go about their work.

In this mess of different thoughts and emotions, a possible solution sprang to mind. Why not try to seduce them, or at least one of them? Maybe I could earn a reprieve for my boss and his business in exchange for a little sex? The worst they could do would be to say no, but if even one of them said yes, I'd have the opportunity to live out a fantasy while simultaneously saving my own job.

The plan was a little out of character for me - I certainly wasn't a prude, but I also didn't typically bribe city officials with offers of sex - but I decided to go for it.

"Are you absolutely sure there's nothing I can do?" I asked the question again, this time touching Johnson's hand and running my fingertips up his forearm.

He stopped writing and looked up and into my eyes. An initial look of shock quickly disappeared, replaced by one of curiosity. I nodded to encourage him that I was serious, that he had indeed understood my innuendo, and dropped my hand to his belt, and then lower to cup the bulge already forming in his pants. He didn't stop me, so I continued, beginning to massage him through the fabric, and he set his notepad down on a nearby desk.

The other two firefighters were still busy looking around the office, and hadn't yet noticed what I was up to. That changed as soon as I dropped to my knees and unzipped Johnson's fly, whipping out his cock so that I could begin stroking it and eventually take it into my mouth.

"Jesus, Johnson, what's that hottie doing to you?" one of the others asked as I began bobbing up and down on his shaft. I couldn't see them, but heard them also put down what they were carrying and move closer to us. After a few moments, they began cheering me on as I sucked off their colleague, and out of the corner of one eye I was able to see that both men had now pulled out their cocks and were stroking them as they watched me.

After moaning and grunting his pleasure, Johnson finally spoke. "God, yes, Bethany, that's so hot. I want to fuck your tight little pussy, would you like that?"

I climbed up off my knees and responded by pulling my sundress up and over my head, tossing it aside and revealing my bra and panties - luckily, I'd managed to match that day! I'm sure I was quite a sight. The three hot firefighters, in full uniform with their hard cocks jutting out from their pants, watched as I stood before them, nearly naked, and tugged at the pencil which had been serving to keep my long red hair in a tight bun. Now free, my hair cascaded down past my shoulders, bouncing as it hit my back and just reached my round, lace-clad tits.

Johnson found a chair, sat down, and motioned for me to come to him. He turned me away from him and began stroking and kneading my ass with both hands, gradually slipping my panties to one side and reaching for my pussy lips. Once there, he replaced his fingers with his tongue, pulling me close for just long enough to insure that I was wet enough to take his length - but I was more than ready. Placing his hands on my hips, he gently lowered me onto his erect cock, pressing his length into me as I moaned in pleasure.

As soon as we had established a slow and steady rhythm, I found myself presented with the two other cocks in the room, and I began stroking them, alternating between hand and mouth on each man's shaft. I was so incredibly turned on - never before had I been with even two men at once, not to mention three, and certainly not men in uniform, an ultimate fantasy of mine. I could hardly breathe, but I didn't care - Johnson was now pounding my pussy fast and furious as the other two men took turns thrusting as deep as they could into my throat.

Shocked as the words came out of my mouth, I took a break from sucking cock long enough to look up at the two of them and ask, "So, which of you big, strong men would like to fuck my tight little ass?"

Smith responded first, and as Johnson chuckled at my transformation from worker bee to nasty slut, we shifted positions. Smith grabbed some pillows from the sofa at the far end of the office and tossed them to the floor. Bradley took the bottom position, lying down with his head on the pillows, and I straddled him, taking his shorter but thicker cock into my pussy in one smooth stroke. After a few enthusiastic thrusts, he slowed his motions, allowing Smith to begin pressing into my ass as he knelt behind me.

As I mentioned, this was the first time I had been with more than one man at a time, so obviously it was my first experience with double penetration. The feeling of fullness was insanely pleasurable, and as soon as I had relaxed enough to get past the initial pain in my virgin ass, I was in heaven. 

Meanwhile, Johnson had been watching all of this with a giant grin on his face, stroking his cock as he stood above our three writhing bodies. I caught his eye and licked my lips as I watched his hand on his long, hard shaft. He took the hint, and knelt down next to me so that I could once again take him into my mouth. As the two other men pounded me with all they had, I struggled to keep contact with the huge cock in my mouth, taking as much length as I could.

At that moment, I was overwhelmed by a powerful orgasm. The sensations were more than anything I had ever felt - the turn-on of the men still in uniform, fucking each of my holes simultaneously - pushed me so far over the edge that I screamed out uncontrollably as all three men continued to thrust into me relentlessly.

When I had finally recovered from the heights of my pleasure, I knew there was one more favor I could do these men that should seal the deal. "I want you to cum on me, do you understand? I want to taste your cum on my tongue, I want to feel it dripping down my chin onto my tits, I want you to shoot your loads all over me."

Smith pulled out of me, allowing me to climb up off of Bradley, and as I positioned myself on my knees in front of them, all three men stood before me, stroking their cocks furiously as they each approached orgasm, obviously turned on by my demand that they cum all over me. Smith was first, and I opened my mouth to catch what I could of his cum on my tongue, but most of it dribbled down my chin.

Bradley was next, groaning as he shot his load first into my mouth, and then spattering cum all over my face. Johnson followed almost immediately, aiming for my tits, which I presented to him, cupping one breast in each hand, as he covered them in his sticky cum.

The men pulled themselves together fairly quickly, needing only to 'zip up', while I was left a sticky mess, my whole torso covered in their cum, and my own juices still dripping from my pussy. It was in this context that Johnson brought me back to reality.

"Well, thanks, Bethany - that was incredible. Unfortunately, we'll still have to red card the whole building."

"What???" I was shocked, and suddenly self-conscious, a sticky slut among these three professionals.

"Well, we still have to do our job, and this space is still unsafe. I'm sorry, Bethany. I'll tell you what, though, I'd be happy to come back this weekend, and I'm sure my friends here would too, and help you get these violations worked out. I assume your boss will be gone, and we'll be able to pick up where we left off?"

Smiling, I replied, "Sounds great, guys, see you then!"