 Lori and I had many discussions about who we were and what we wanted after that night. At first she was quite apprehensive about what had happened and wasn't sure she wanted it to happen again, but I kept reassuring her that I was ok with what happened. During our talks I could tell she really did enjoy what happened with her and Harry, although she was very surprised that she did. I knew she was afraid that I was going to feel bad because it never happened like that with us. I tried to convince her that watching her with him was an absolute turn on for me and I hoped to be able to witness that again. She didn't believe me at first, but eventually, her desire for that roller coaster orgasm ride, allowed her to agree that she really did want to do it again.

During the next few days and weeks at the club, we had sex with Harry and Ginny a few more times and much to her delight, the experiences were ultimately as good as she remembered and as good as she hoped she remembered. Lori began to turn into an orgasm machine. Even with my quick trigger and lack of stamina between her legs, she was able to cum much more quickly and would have two or three orgasms with me.

Over the course of the summer, Lori's reputation began to spread. She let it slip one night in the sauna with several couples in there with us, how good Harry was in bed. She had ingested a couple drinks and a joint before we went into the sauna, and as soon as the words were out of her mouth, she was embarrassed as hell when every eye in the place turned to her in surprise.

Although we didn't know it at the time, everyone in there was in to multiple partners and she just opened the door for a stampede of attention.

After that "slip" it became almost comical to watch the different guys attempting to be the one that sat next to Lori at any given opportunity. She was loving the attention and I was loving it too. We had talked about what we were prepared to do with our new found popularity and Lori and I decided it would be up to her to choose who she wanted to play with next.

So far the only real experience she had was with me and my sub six inch cock, and Harry, with his three inch hard on, so when Dave sat next to her at the bar one night and started chatting her up, she became quite animated with him.

I had been sitting with several couples just chatting, and watching Lori consume two drinks before Dave joined her. When she agreed to let him buy her another, my interest bumped up a notch. Whatever he was saying, Lori seemed to like because she was laughing quite a bit and allowing him to get physically closer as time passed on. It wasn't too long before his hand was on the back of her neck and her hand was on his leg. They kept talking and laughing and I noticed Lori kept looking down towards Dave's lap. 

Dave's arm got farther around her shoulder until she was leaning into him. She kept looking down and smiling and then I saw him jump just slightly as Lori's hand crept up higher on his leg and I knew exactly what she was doing. Her shoulder was moving ever so slightly as her hand was working between his legs.

Dave was not one of the regular guys at the club. I only remember seeing him two or three times before and I don't remember seeing him with a lady, so I didn't know a lot about him. Physically, he was about my size, 6 foot tall and athletic, quit a good looking guy actually, and as part of my awakening with Harry, I had managed to check him out in the manhood department. 

My guess is he was maybe a little bigger than me, but not out of the ordinary, so when he leaned over and whispered something in Lori's ear and they got up to leave, I was impressed with how big he had grown from his normal flaccid condition. He was definitely thicker than me and maybe an inch longer, and his cock was standing right straight up in the air. They came over to the table where I was sitting and Lori told me they were going to our room. Did I mind? 

I had been getting gradually hard as I sat there watching them at the bar, and when I saw his magnificent cock and heard Lori's invitation to include me, I immediately rose to full attention and told them I would be there shortly.

I decided to give Lori some time alone to get fully charged up before I joined in, so I found a group passing a joint around and got myself a good buzz going, and headed over to our love nest. When I got there and silently opened the door, it was clear that Dave wasn't wasting any time. Lori was bent over the edge of the bed and he was plowing into her from behind. Lori seemed to like his technique because she had her hands on the bed and was using them as leverage to push back at him for all she was worth.

"YEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS, YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS, OHHHHHH SHIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTT! FUCK, FUCK, FUCK, OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH, UNHHHHHHHHHHHHHH, GODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD! FASTER!! FASTER!! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!" And she was over the top climaxing hard.

Dave reached around her and surrounded her firm tits with his hands and pulled her up to a standing position with his cock still buried in her and just held her there softly thrusting his rod into her depths and she started mewling, and moaning, and climbing back up to another crescendo of uncontrolled passion and boiled over in another hard orgasm.

I've got to be honest here and admit that watching another man fuck the hell out of my wife was a really amazing turn on for me. I was jacking myself off furiously watching them and when Dave whispered, or moaned loudly that he was going to cum, and Lori turned around and took him in her mouth.

I came all over myself before Dave came in her mouth. What I didn't expect was for her to look up at me with a mouthful of Dave's spunk, and smiling, swallow the entire load. She had never done that with me. In fact, she had never let me cum in her mouth.

In all fairness, Lori was really crocked at the time, but, it happened all the same and I was already planning to take advantage of her new found bravery.

After a brief rest break, I said I was going to the sauna to sweat a while and take a shower. Lori said, "Fine Babe, maybe we'll join you in a bit." I had very little faith they were going to show up at the sauna soon.

Once I had finished working up a good sweat, maybe 20 minutes in the heat, and taken a long leisurely shower and a dip in the pool, my original thoughts on Lori and Dave showing up proved correct. 

Deciding on a good strong drink I headed for the bar. I felt thoroughly refreshed and thinking about the erotic images of whatever she and Dave were doing, my soldier began to show some visible signs of life. I smiled with pleasure as I watched it rise to full stature and stiffness sitting there on my stool. 

The whole bar scene was beginning to look like a porn movie set as couples were paired up in all sorts of sexual manipulations. I saw Harry at the edge of the light with a woman I had never seen before and she was swallowing his shaft, Ginny wasn't to be seen, so I assumed she must be with a partner somewhere.

I noticed Phil playing hide the stick with a buxom red head I didn't know, but knowing Phil's attributes, she had a very deep hiding place. It seemed like everyone was enjoying sex in some form or another. Even the guy next to me at the bar had a very impressive erection and he was staring intently at my lap. I was very tempted to indulge my desire to sample man juice from the source, but had already decided to go back and join Lori and Dave.

When I got back to our room, it was obvious they weren't just sleeping before I even opened the door. I could hear Lori very loudly proclaiming her desire to have him keep doing whatever it was he was doing and to do it faster and harder. As I opened the door I was greeted with, "AAAAAIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEE!! FUUUUUUUUUUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!! Fuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccc ccckkkkkkkkkkkkkk!! YESSSSSSSSSS, YESSSSSSSSSS,OOOOHHHHHHHHGODDDDDDD!" 

Lori was flying over the peak and riding the edge of a wave of orgasms as Dave kept pounding into her dripping wet pussy. Every thrust of that hard cock in her pussy made her whole body quiver. It seemed like he was turning her entire body into an enormous erogenous zone. Her skin was crawling and aching with intense pleasure as her nerve ends kept firing relentless pleasure waves through her entire frame. 

It seemed like she would no more than soar over the top and begin to catch her breath and Dave's cock steadily thrusting into her had her back on top of the wave again and crashing over into another series of mind shattering pleasures.

The scene was so insanely erotic, I had to grab my camera and the first shot I captured was with her on her back, sort of. Actually it was just the back of her head and shoulders touching the bed, with her hands wrapped tightly around Dave's ass and her feet planted firmly on the mattress. Her body was arched completely off the mattress and Dave was actually upright on his knees with her pussy level with his hips as he kept pounding.

Finally, her muscles gave out and she collapsed back on the bed and Dave's pole slipped out of her snatch and as soon as it cleared, it sprung up forcefully, hitting him in the belly. I was pretty sure he had not blown his seed yet.

They finally noticed me and smiling kind of sheepishly, Lori motioned for me to come over and sit on the bed with them. Dave moved up next to her on one side and I laid next to her on the other side. None of us said anything for quite a while. Once she had come down from her high she seemed to notice that both of us lying next to her still had erections. She reached over and took hold of me and just held me appreciatively, then reached over with her other hand and took Dave in her fist and started pumping both of us with a wicked pixie grin on her face. 

Now, although I had managed to get some more control than I had when we were first married, I still had a relatively short trigger and after just a couple minutes of her warm hand teasing my extremely hard pole, I began to feel those tingling sensations in my groin. Lori noticed I was swelling to my full erection and letting go of Dave's weapon, she leaned over and took me in her mouth.

"OHHHHHH Godddddd!" I thought I was going to explode right there, but then she backed off and let me calm down a little. She rolled over and got on her knees between my legs and started to use just her tongue, licking my shaft from my balls up to the tip of my cock, then engulfing it until it was deep in her mouth and quickly back off again as I thrust my hips and moaned in ecstasy. She once again licked all the way up my shaft and as she did, I heard her start to breath heavier and more raggedly. When she engulfed me deep again, she let out a moan as if she was really getting off on giving me a blow job. 

I opened my eyes to see her face, and when I did, I saw that Dave had got on his knees behind her and had his cock buried in her doggie style. No wonder she was moaning.

Lori's eyes were squeezed shut and her face was showing an agony of pleasure, but she still held me deep in her throat. I was straining to try and hold back my orgasm, but Dave's thrusting into her caused her to rock gently back and forth on my cock and groaning, "UUUUUNNNNNNHhhhhhhhhh!!" I exploded a huge pent up load directly down her throat.

Lori pulled off my dick and, although she had swallowed most of my cum, some of it leaked out the side of her lips onto my belly. She wrapped her arms around my neck as Dave continued to assault her depths and as she moaned and cried onto my chest in the throes of another orgasm, Dave proclaimed loudly that he was going to cum and thrusting his entire length into her, he unloaded what must have been a massive load of man juice. He collapsed onto Lori's back and Lori collapsed onto my chest, sandwiched between two slowly shriveling symbols of male hardness.

That was our first experience as a threesome. It had been erotically exciting to me and it sure seemed like Lori was completely satisfied. I wondered what was next for us.

After that experience, it became clear that Lori was completely opened up to having multiple partners. While she expressed concern that I was going to be mad , or jealous, she nonetheless, began to initiate the discussion of who she might want to "play" with next, and what she might want to try.

Through the summer activities, I couldn't help but notice that Lori seemed to be surreptitiously eyeing some of the larger dicks in camp. She wasn't obvious about it, but when one of the guys who was rather giftedly endowed would walk by, or she would see him sunbathing on his back, or maybe in the sauna, she just seemed to take more interest in him than some of us less gifted specimens. We had agreed that we wanted to embrace this open relationship idea, so it was open season for both of us.

One rather cool summer evening I had been enjoying the assets and attention of a well-endowed brunet and when I got back to the club house, I didn't see Lori anywhere. No problem, I just figured she had found someone she wanted to investigate. I ordered a drink and was talking with some of the others at the bar when James, one of the "unattached" young men mentioned that he saw Lori heading toward the sauna with a new guy he didn't know. I know James had been watching Lori for a while and was interested. He told me that Lori and the new guy had been drinking and when they left, they were sharing a joint.

He smiled and lifted his eyebrows at me conspiratorially as if to say, "You know what was on their minds. And by the way, this guy is large." Now James is quite well endowed himself at about five inches soft. I hadn't seen him hard yet, but I would guess that thing would grow to seven or eight inches anyway. So when he mentioned this other guy was large, I just had to check it out.

I headed over to the sauna and when I opened the door, there was Lori, on the top bench, between two guys. Her head was thrown back against the wall and each of the guys had a hand on her upper thigh pulling her legs apart to expose her glistening pussy. They looked up as I walked in and tried to hide what they were doing, but I motioned for them to keep going. I found out later their names were Greg and David. 

Greg had his right hand on Lori's inner thigh and was moving towards the honey pot. He was hard as a nail and about seven inches long, but it was David that James must have been talking about because he was a good ten inches long and an inch and a half thick. That thing must have been close to six inches around. It stuck straight out from his belly, so I don't know if he was still expanding or if that was as big as it got. As I watched, naturally, I began to get hard again myself, so when James opened the door behind me, he was greeted to quite a site. Two guys with quite large cocks that seemed to be maxed out hardness wise, with each of them caressing Lori's pussy lips and me, standing there with my fully hardened penis pointing straight up to my chin.

James closed the door and as he turned to decide where to sit and what to do, he was rapidly expanding to his full glory. I was right, he was a good eight inches and still growing. 

David's fingers were now pressing into her folds on one side and Greg was doing the same on the other side. They each took Lori's hand and placed it on their erections. She actually could not get her fingers all the way around David's pole and just barely all the way around Greg's. James looked at me, silently asking if it was ok for him to join in the party, and when I nodded at him, smiling, he got on his knees in front of her and took advantage of the other two guys holding her legs open and buried his face in her snatch. 

Dave and Greg were holding her pussy lips open with one hand and gently pinching and teasing her nipple with the other as James had his mouth engulfing her lips and his tongue expertly finding her clitoris. As soon as Lori felt James tongue touch her secret folds, her body jumped convulsively. The feeling was electric. She loves having her pussy licked expertly and it became evident that James was quite talented. She began to push her hips at his tongue as he drew circles around her clitoris with the tip. When he started lapping at her folds intermittently and hitting her clit with increasing frequency, she started writhing and moaning on her way to her first orgasm. It wasn't going to take very long either. James was evidently quite experienced with his lips and tongue because he had Lori writhing and moaning and begging him not to stop and all of a sudden she was over the top.

"Ooooouuuuuuhhhhhhhhh, yesssssssssssssssssssss, yessssssssssssssssssssssss," bucking her hips at his face. She let go of the cocks in her hands and grabbed the back on his head trying to pull his whole skull into her pussy it seemed, and with a long wail "GGGGGooooooodddddd," gave herself up to total sensory pleasure and had an intense orgasm.

When Lori had calmed down just slightly, Greg got on his knees next to her on the bench with his 7 inches of hard meat pointing at her face. She didn't hesitate, but opened her mouth and inhaled him into her throat. She attempted to deep throat him right away, but she took him too deep all at once and hit her gag reflex. She backed off and caught her breath and proceeded a little more slowly, running her tongue over the underside of his cock head in the most sensitive spot. You know where I'm talking about.

She was sliding Greg up and down his shaft when James stood on the lower bench in front of her which put his, now 9 inch, weapon at the right angle to assault her pussy. Her legs were still splayed wide open and her cunny was glistening with moisture, so when James contacted her outer lips and slowly pressed forward, he slid right in.

She gasped with pleasure and backed off Greg's iron phallus. With her head tilted back and her eyes closed, James began a slow in and out rhythm. Almost instantly, Lori began to breath ragged as James impaled her with his fully erect nine inch shaft. 

We were all watching in awe as Lori was overcome with massive contractions after massive contractions, screaming out her orgasmic bliss.

Greg must have been close to cumming when Lori backed off because he grabbed his boner and started stroking it faster and faster. I was watching him get closer and closer to shooting his load with thoughts of how he would taste running through my head. I had wanted to try tasting someone's cum right from the source but did I really have the nerve? I stood up and faced him on the lower bench. He was on the upper bench and it wouldn't take much effort for him to lean forward if he wasn't guy shy.

I was staring at his cock and he was looking at me as he stroked his slightly curved penis. He seemed to be trying to decide if I was giving him an invitation, or if he was just so close to cumming he wasn't thinking straight. He sat down on the bench facing me, and looking intently at me, he inched his butt forward, still stroking. I could see the bulge running the full length of his cock was really obvious. I know with me, when my cock is ready to burst the underside of my penis bulges out like it is filling with fluid. Looking directly at him, I licked my lips and leaned in close to the head of his dick. I reached out with my hand towards his cock and he took his hand off and let me grasp him.

I leaned forward and opened my mouth and licked the head of his cock. He pushed his hips at me and I let him push his very hard, 7 inches of man meat into my mouth. The feeling was intense. I loved the feeling of the softness and hardness combined of a man's penis. 

If you haven't experienced it, and I'm sure most of you haven't, Keep an open mind. You know how wonderful it feels to have your partner wrap her lips around your hard, hard shaft and slide her lips along its length. If you're honest, you could probably admit to having another guy inhale your manhood and you would have to admit that it was at least as good as a woman, if not better.
