 June 2016

Fire Island 2...

Once you taste the forbidden fruit, it is very hard to go back. It makes you hard, man or woman, penis or clitoris. I woke up naked on John's bed, forbidden fruit all around me. Everyone else was still sleeping. Susan was wrapped around John and Fran had turned her back to lie on her side, her naked butt exposed to the world and to me, and what a sight it was. She was curled up and snoring quietly, her tiny tight butt peeking out. She has an unbelievable body.

I couldn't resist. I reached over and very gently stroked her lower back down to her butt. She has a tiny, super tight ass, and her cheeks were irresistible. My one hand could cover both of her cheeks. I slipped a finger between her cheeks and then down between her pussy lips. They were exposed to me too. I was very gentle, trying not to wake her, but she moaned a little. 

I pulled away. Waking up and trying to process everything that happened yesterday was impossible. But, looking at the three of them, I couldn't deny what happened. I showered quickly and I went downstairs naked.

In the kitchen, I made some coffee. I looked in the fridge and saw John had champagne and orange juice, so I made a Mimosa. Then I pulled out some eggs, bacon and potatoes and went to town cooking breakfast. I figured it couldn't be too long for all of them to keep sleeping.

I wasn't wrong. I was playing the naked Chef and Susan came up behind me and squeezed my ass. She was still naked too and turning and looking at her just started all of my firing pins. She has a gorgeous body, small boobs, slim hips and long legs. I love her bush down below. My cock came up and Susan reached down and took hold. She stroked it gently, nothing too aggressive.

I turned and kissed her and then said, "I have to finish cooking, then I am going to ravage you."

"Ok," she said. "This is pretty wild and pretty cool. John introduced me to the lifestyle, but nothing compares to being with you and Fran. I've missed you and Fran is just amazing. You better ravage me, your cock is awesome."

I went back to cooking, not knowing how to respond to that. Susan is very attractive, so trying not to respond seemed silly. I turned down the burners and then I turned on Susan. I put her on the dining room table and spread her legs.

I love her pussy. I always will. I put my face down to eat her. I used my hands to spread her lips and my tongue went directly to her clit. I licked her clit as I used two fingers to piston her pussy. She came close to an orgasm. I wasn't surprised after yesterday. I never realized how sexual Susan is. I kept licking and fingering and she grabbed the table as she exploded in a climax.

John suddenly appeared. He came up to the table as I kept eating Susan's pussy. He was still naked and he went right to Susan's tits with his mouth. With me eating her pussy and John sucking her tits, Susan was in sex heaven. She lay there just enjoying two men taking her pleasure.

"Fuck me," she said. I didn't know if she meant me or John. I looked at John and he nodded and then moved his cock to Susan's mouth. I came up with my hard cock and shoved it into Susan's drenched pussy. I pounded her as she sucked on John.

Fran appeared next, "Hey, what am I missing?" She said.

She was naked and saw me fucking Susan's pussy and Susan sucking John's cock. When she came up behind me, I pulled out of Susan and brought Fran down to suck on me. 

After she sucked me a little, I brought her up to eat Susan's pussy. Susan was still flat on her back, sucking John's cock. Fran bent and brought her mouth to Susan's succulent cunt. I went behind her, spread her ass a little, and shoved my cock into her wonderful pussy. 

"Oh God," she screamed. "Your cock feels so good, fuck me harder." So I did.

John came first, shooting his morning come into Susan's mouth. When I saw that, I shot my orgasm into Fran's tight little pussy, pumping every stroke. Then Susan came from Fran licking her clit. She grabbed Fran's head and pulled it between her legs. Then her hips started bucking up from the table in an incredible climax. 

I put my hand down between Fran's legs and started rubbing her clit to get her off. John came over and he deep kissed Fran and ran his hands over her boobies, always a turn on. We had her pressed between us and it didn't take long for her to start climaxing. She pushed her pussy down on my hand and came with wild abandon. 

Fran and Susan are beautiful women, Fran is 42 and Susan is 43. They are slim and sexy in every way imaginable. Fran goes to the gym four days every week, swimming and lifting. Susan is a walker and a runner. She just walks out and pushes her body to the max. To have them both was simply unbelievable, their perfect little boobs and bushy tight pussies. Seeing and being with them naked was almost too much for me. I had to touch them and kiss them. 

Sex has its highs and then after, a low period. Everyone needs to recuperate a little, probably the men more than the women. I thought Susan and Fran were insatiable. I felt spent and John was sitting down to gather himself. Susan went to Fran hugging and touching her. Fran didn't disappoint. She held Susan, kissing her neck and letting her hands massage her back and her ass. 

I turned back to the stove to finish cooking breakfast. I was still trying to process everything that happened. They saw I had a Mimosa and Fran came in the kitchen and made three more. 

I took out some plates and served all of them some breakfast. We had a new day in front of us. I had no idea how sexual people can be, people close to me. 

Life is always full of surprises and I was in the midst of many. We sat naked, eating breakfast. Then we all pitched in to clean up, filling the dish washer and running it. All still naked and we went upstairs to John's shower to clean and start another day.

To be continued...