 This is the ongoing saga of two couples exploring the swing lifestyle. This is mostly true with moderate author liberties with certain situations and scenarios. I hope all who read it enjoy it, and I am grateful for any comments. Thank you.

*****

The Chronicles 4

We relaxed on the blanket for a little while, just enjoying the sun and the beach. I still marveled at everything that happened and everything I learned. This fundamentally changed my relationship with Fran, and with Susan. I watched other people on the beach and I was amazed at the entire scene. Nudity on the beach at Cherry Grove runs about fifty percent. But everyone is very cool. No one judges. 

"Hey John," I started very tentatively. "How would you describe yourself, sexually?" I wasn't too sure how to describe myself after the last two days.

John propped himself up onto his elbows. His cock and his balls are completely shaved. I couldn't help but look down at him. He looked where I was looking and his dick twitched a little. It was lying against his thigh, but now it lay flat on his belly. 

Fran reached over and stroked John's cock from his balls up to his head. "I think," Fran said. "Pete is a little turned on with John's cock." As she said this, she continued stroking him making his cock grow. My cock was growing now too. This was all too much.

"So John," I persisted. "What do you say?" I was really curious to learn more about all of this.

"Well, Pete," John began. "I started swinging with my first wife. At this time, I was completely heterosexual. She wasn't really into it and eventually it drove us apart. I wanted to keep playing. I used to go to a club called The Manor in Bethpage. Usually, I would hook up with a couple that wanted an MMF threesome. On one occasion, the guy started playing with my cock. So I reached down and grabbed his cock. He had a really nice cock."

Fran was stroking him more as he spoke. Susan had her hand down between her legs. And I had a raging hard-on poking out between my thighs.

"So, that was the first time I played with a man. I really enjoyed it and I learned a lot about myself. I love touching cock and sucking cock. I'd rather be a top than a bottom but if the mood is right I can go either way. I'm not sure what you're asking me. I would describe myself as sexually open. If it feels good, I'll probably keep doing it."

"What happened with Susan?" I asked. I figured I might as well get as much information as possible.

"Pete," Susan answered. "We had a good sex life, a little boring, but it had its moments. When I met John, he introduced me to a whole new world. I've been to the Manor with John. We should all go one night. I didn't want to leave you but it was irresistible. I can't believe that we're sitting here talking about it."

"Hold on," I said. "I'm just trying to learn stuff, that's all. I can't believe how wild all of this is and I love it. I just want to talk about it."

"Pete is right," Fran sat up and took charge of the conversation. "I'm fairly new to this. I want to talk about all of this too." That's my girl, I thought.

"I'm not sure what to say," John continued. "We can hang out and play or we can go our separate ways. This isn't complicated."

"I vote we hang out and play," I put it right out there.

"Well, I want to keep playing," Susan gave her two cents.

We all turned to Fran. She smiled and said, "I've never had more fun with any other people. My vote is to stay and play."

I leaned over and kissed her. John kissed Susan. Very casually, I reached down and stroked John's cock. He responded by getting thicker. This could be very interesting, I thought.

We broke away from our kissing and touching. 

"Let's go to the Pines," John said. I do like the walk and I like the pool at the Pines.

"Let's go," I said. And I grabbed Fran's hand and pulled her to her feet.

John pulled Susan to her feet and we began walking east. We walked by the ocean. I held Fran's hand the whole time. In between Cherry Grove and the Pines, we stopped. The girls sat down to pee and John and I jumped in the ocean to pee. 

In the ocean, I went to John. I wanted to feel his body. I wanted to know if rubbing against his body would turn me on. I swam up next to him and pushed my cock into his leg. I also pushed my leg between his thighs pushing up into his cock. He pushed back and wrapped his arm around my back. I moved in and kissed him. It was a long slow kiss and I felt my foundations shifting. I wouldn't change a thing.

We left the water and walked back to the girls. As we approached Fran and Susan, I wrapped my arm around John's waist and with my other hand I cupped his cock. 

"Ladies," I said. "I think this play is going all the way." I brought my hand over John's cock and starting stroking him. 

Fran and Susan looked at each other and smiled. 

Susan spoke first, "Sounds like fun, but you better keep getting hard for me." Fran just laughed. I laughed a little too. Leave it to Susan to get right to the heart of her matter.

We put on thongs and finished the walk to the Pines. The girls remained topless. I loved it. I kept flirting with Susan on the walk. I loved coming up behind her and cupping her ass. John and Fran were playing too. John couldn't keep his hands off of Fran. As I kept touching Susan and watching John and Fran, I couldn't believe what was happening and how wonderfully wild it all was. 

I had Fran crushed against me when we got to the pool. We were giggling a lot. The whole experience put everything on overload. It was just hard to contain.

Fran and I sat at the bar next to a very hot forty year old in a thong bikini. She had small tight boobs, so I loved every minute of it.

"Hey," she said. "I'm Lisa." She put out a hand to shake Fran's hand. Fran took and held Lisa's hand as their eyes flashed across each other's bodies. The chemistry was spiking. 

Lisa is about 5'4", 115 pounds, a classic gorgeous brunette with beautiful lines and luxurious hair. She was only wearing a tight black thong and as I said before, she has delicious little A cup boobies with tight little pointy nipples. All three of the women shared gorgeous little boobs. I really hoped Lisa sported a little bush under her thong, like Fran and Susan. I think a trimmed bush going all the way down to the lips is the sexiest a pussy can be. I never understood the shaved look.

"Hi," I said. "I'm Pete. I'm Fran's brother. I brought her out here so she could explore her wild side. So far, we've done the naked beach and we hooked up with my ex. It's been pretty eye opening."

"Fran's brother, huh? I don't believe you," Lisa answered me. She was a handful and then some. "You guys are pretty attractive. I have a house out here. If you want to come by, you won't regret it."

"We're with another couple. Are they invited?" Fran said.

"If they are as attractive as you guys, then hell yeah!" Lisa said. I reached over and cupped Fran's breast. I massaged it a little and pinched the nipple. Fran moaned just a little and brought her hand up to mine.

"Yeah, you're right," I said and winked. "We're not brother and sister."

"Even better." Lisa said and winked back.

Fran and I jumped into the pool to hook back up with John and Susan. We all came together in a group hug. This was becoming beyond surreal. It felt really good to get back with John and Susan. I grabbed Susan and kissed her full on her lips. Fran fell into John's arms and kissed him. We took a moment and looked at each other. Then I let go of Susan and went to Fran and John. Fran released John and went to Susan. Fran hugged Susan and they started kissing very deeply. I took John's hand and brought him close and then moved in and kissed him very deeply. We all lingered for a moment and then joined up again.

"Hey," I said. "We got invited back to a house here."

"Well," John was a little tentative. "You guys should check it out."

"No," I said. "All of us are invited. You guys are coming with us." It felt so good to say that. I reached underneath and grabbed his cock through his thong for a quick feel.

John cracked a huge smile. "Well, that sounds really good. Where are we going?"

I pointed to Lisa at the bar. "It's her invitation. I say we go talk to the woman a little more." With that, we got out of the pool and went to the bar.

At the bar, I went right to Lisa and gave her a little hug and peck on the cheek. She didn't resist. Fran came up and gave Lisa a lingering lip kiss and she didn't resist that either.

"Hey Lisa," I said, making introductions. "This is John and Susan." John came forward and pecked her on the cheek. Susan then stepped in with a little hug and kiss. 

"Wow," Lisa said. "You guys are pretty attractive," as she gave us all the once over. I felt like she lingered on me a little longer and I started wondering how far all this swinging stuff went. I thought Lisa would be a very sexy lay.

I used to only have to be faithful to one woman and that was pretty clear cut. I also thought she was faithful to me and she was, is, was? That's where it gets a little murky. I had a thought that if I had a fling with Lisa, I would be unfaithful to Fran, Susan and John! I shook my head to clear some cobwebs.

"So," I said to Lisa. "What time should we come by? We are set up on the beach and it would be better if we could bring our stuff over instead of leaving it there."

"Ok, Mr. Pete," Lisa came off her bar stool, being sarcastically formal as we were all mostly naked. "I'm not far from here so if you guys want to follow me, I'll show you my house. Then you can get your beach gear and stow it out back. How does that work?"

John is usually pretty quiet, but I think he was a little taken by Lisa, as was I. He was the first to speak up. "We think that sounds fabulous," he said, with a big, flirtatious grin on his face.

Fran and Susan just turned to him with their hands rising to their hips, not jealous, just surprised. John is usually the strong and silent type. I looked at all of them. I started laughing. Within minutes, all five of us were laughing. It felt like we all agreed with John.

"Thank you, Lisa," I said, accepting her invitation. "I, too, will gladly follow your fabulous, little ass back to your house." I moved behind her, bent down and gave her a little peck on her right cheek.

Lisa looked at Fran and Susan. They were both smiling ear to ear at my little display.

"I'm with Pete," Susan said. "Lisa, you have a fabulous, little ass, and I'll follow it too." Fran just busted out laughing again. Leave it to Susan...

Lisa led the way as we small talked and giggled our way through the trails to Lisa's house. Fran and Susan latched onto either side of Lisa, so the three were walking arm in arm topless, in thongs. John and I followed behind them and I could not think of any other place I would rather be. A couple of times, I saw Susan's hand stray down to Lisa's ass and caress it a little. A couple of times, I reached over and gave John's cock a little squeeze through his thong.

It was about a fifteen minute walk when Lisa led us to a nice sized, Fire Island, ranch house with a nice little backyard. We followed the women up the walkway and then into the house. The theme of the house was total beach. Pictures on the walls were sunrises and sunsets on the beach, couples sharing moments on the beach, the Lighthouse, one of a couple dancing nude on the beach. Very nice, I thought.+

"Follow me out back," Lisa said. She continued through the house, passing through a big living room, then a short hallway to a medium sized kitchen and then out through a back door into the yard. We followed straight through the house. In the backyard, a man was lounging in a spa.

"Everyone," Lisa said. "This is my husband, Eric. Eric, this is Susan, Fran, John and Pete." Eric came out of the spa to shake hands and finish the introductions. It then became apparent that Eric was naked and had a very nice uncut cock hanging down. He appeared to be about fifty but in excellent shape, thin and muscular. He has short gray hair with gray beard stubble and piercing blue eyes. 

"Hey y'all," Eric said. "Nice looking crew." He gave a sidelong glance to Lisa who smiled and winked at him. He couldn't believe how much he loved this delicious woman right now. He turned back to his guests and said, "So, what's the plan?"

"The plan?" I said as I smiled. "Your lovely bride invited us to come hang with you guys this afternoon. We just have to get some of our stuff off the beach. What do you think of that plan, Eric?" Susan, Fran and Lisa all had big smiles focused right at Eric, who was smiling pretty good himself.

"Ok, with one modification," he said. "I'll go with you and John to the beach to get your stuff and we leave the women here to fire up the grill and start a little feast for all of us. Then we can really party when we get back." He looked over at Lisa. Susan still held her arm around Lisa's waist and Fran was on Lisa's other side holding her hand.

"I don't think the girls will miss us," Eric continued.

I moved up and put a hand on Eric's chest. I noticed his cock twitched immediately. "That sounds like an excellent plan," I said. 

"Ladies?" I said. Of course, all three of them nodded yes. 

"John?" I asked.

John had a huge grin across his face. He definitely noticed my move on Eric and Eric's response. He also looked over at our lovely women caressing each other topless. He said, "Let's get this party started!" My strong and silent type was getting more talkative and excited.

Eric threw a suit on, a boy shorts Speedo that still displayed his good sized cock very nicely. John and I were still in thongs. We all went to each other, Fran first for me, and gave little hugs and kisses. Then we all traded and next I was hugging and kissing Lisa; then Susan was in my arms pressing her gorgeous little boobs against my chest and nipping at my neck. 

I noticed that in this lifestyle, any parting is an excuse for excessive physical affection. After kissing and hugging and feeling Fran, Susan and Lisa, I really thought this was a very good ritual to have.

"Ok," John broke the spell. "Let's go. This is going to be one hell of a day."

I was holding Susan, Eric was holding Fran and John had his arm around Lisa. A total swap! I gave Susan another little kiss and then pulled away heading to the kitchen. I saw Eric and John do the same to Fran and Lisa. 

As we headed through the house back to the beach, John said, "Pete, I think you may be a natural." My cock got a little more blood when I heard that...

The walk to the beach passed quickly with the usual Cherry Grove sights of very fit people of all ages and genders showing a whole lot of skin. It is a magical place.

We gathered our beach supplies and brought them back to Eric's house. John had a little surprise in his bag and he broke it out when we got back. He pulled out a liter of chocolate vodka and a quarter ounce of very fragrant marijuana.

I stepped into the kitchen and Fran was in there making a salad and boiling a little macaroni. Oh yeah, she lost the thong and she was totally naked. Eric and John came in behind me and we bunched up at the door a little bit as we watched Fran chopping up a tomato with one leg straight and the other spread and pointed out a little, giving a very, very good view of her lovely bushy pussy. My eyes drifted up and I took in her beautiful little boobies next. God, I loved her.

"Well," she said. "Are you guys going to strip and start helping or just stand there with your tongues wagging out?" Fran's nipples were very hard and I thought I could almost smell her sex coming from her pussy. Eric was the first to drop his suit and get naked. John and I were right behind him.

"My dear," Eric said to Fran. "Tell me what to do and I will be your servant." He stepped in behind her and his arm circled her waist and his cock pressed against her open thigh. Fran looked at me and smiled. Eric and Lisa had a very comical formal quality in totally informal situations. Three naked couples in a house on Fire Island is about as informal as anything can get. I just started laughing; the whole experience was too amazing.

"Ok," John said as he headed back into the house. "I'm going to make us all really cool drinks with a little surprise on the side." He disappeared into the house to find the bar.

"Well," I said. "You guys seem to have things in hand here," I noticed Fran's hand had covered Eric's cock over her thigh and it was quickly getting thicker and longer, much to her delight, "So, I'll go check the grill and see if maybe I can lend a hand or two out there." 

As I passed them heading out back, I leaned in and gave Fran a deep kiss and cupped my hand around Eric's ass. "I'll see you in a little bit, babe," I said. I broke away, leaving them to a little play, and headed into the backyard.

The backyard is beautiful. There is plenty of fencing and foliage for privacy. A very nice little spa with water jets that could easily sit eight people sat in the right corner. Extending out to the left was a long patio with tables and chairs set up like an old Italian restaurant with red and white checkered tablecloths and half burnt candles. 

At the end of the patio is a very modern barbeque, being tended to by a very naked Susan. A very naked Lisa was lounging in the spa at the moment.

Another thing about the lifestyle is that not only are partings a very good excuse for excessive displays of affection but, getting back together, sparks the very same ritual.

I strode over to Susan first, where she was grilling sausage, chicken breast and petite filet mignons. She and the food looked delicious. I coupled with her bringing my arms around her back and pushing my cock into her bush a little. Her face and lips came directly to mine and we kissed deeply. She had one hand cupped around my butt and the other holding a long spatula.

She broke the kiss and said, "Let me finish cooking. I don't want to burn this. I told Lisa that because she invited us over, she gets to relax and we do all the work. Why don't you go give Lisa a greeting kiss and I'll call you guys when we're ready. Or better yet, maybe I'll come over and join you guys for a little bit."

Hmm, I wasn't sure I could ever get used to how incredible this all was. It defied a lifetime of conditioning to be jealous and possessive. This complete openness let everyone experience pleasure without petty negative feelings. I kissed Susan again and ran my hands down across her butt cheeks in a soft caress and then walked over to the spa where Lisa was sitting with her breasts above the water line and her arms spread out across the edge of the spa. I walked up and stood to her side, my cock hanging about a foot over her sight line. 

"Well, hello Mr. Pete," she said looking up at me. I loved that she already gave me a little nickname. It was time to return the favor.

"Hello back Madame Lisa," I replied with a smile. "Would it be okay to join you?" I swept back my hands and bowed a little with excessive formality, even though I was naked and my cock was three-quarters erect from kissing Susan.

"Get that pole in here, young man," She replied, laughing at me. She reached up and grabbed my hand and pulled me down into the spa. I climbed down and embraced Lisa, spinning her around to let her straddle me, and then we kissed very deeply. The water was mildly warm and scented. It felt amazing.

Lisa is a natural beauty. She has almond brown eyes with flecks of orange that reflect intelligence and enthusiasm. Her brown hair is shoulder length and thick and soft. She has classic features with sharp cheekbones and a strong chin. She has exquisite little, soft boobies with small, aggressive nipples on her petite frame. It is obvious she works out, looking down at her waist, hips and legs. I also noticed she let her luxuriant hair grow a little between her thighs. I was in Mr. Pete heaven! The bush is back! All three women, what were the odds these days for something like that!
