 This story is like the rest of my stories in that I do not write them with much descriptive sex in them. I like to think that my style is more of describing the chase, than the actual catch. It is just a quirk I have. It's sort of like those old time radio shows where you have to use a lot of imagination. This story should have enough facts for you to use your imagination to fill it in though. 

I like the constructive criticism comments I get back from readers because I learn from them. The slash and burn anonymous comments will be deleted as soon as I see them because they are meaningless and a waste of time both yours and mine.

******

Lonnie, my wife of five years, and I bought this wooded, fairly secluded acreage in the country twenty miles out of town where we set up home. When the word got out to our friends about its seclusion, it soon became party central.

So it wasn't unusual that one night a group of us were sitting around the fire pit watching the flames do their almost hypnotizing dance. Included in the group were me and my wife Lonnie, and Jimmie and his wife Darlene. Also there were three other guys Jimmie and I worked with Ray, Hank and Pete. Since the time us five guys had been thrown together at work we had all become fast friends. From where we worked Darlene worked in a bank across the street, and Lonnie was an office manager for a real estate company over one block.

Jimmie and I were the married guys while the other three guys were single. None of the single guys were interested in getting hooked up any time soon, and for that matter none of them had steady girlfriends. Their motto in regards to women and getting married was why buy when there's lots of free stuff out there. Because of their view on life they lived to have fun and nothing was going to stop them from that.

That night they had arrived at our place unexpectedly. That was not so unusual, and when they did arrive like that they always brought their own refreshments, whether that was liquid or smokable. Having no dates with them left them open for some ribbing about them not out trying to track down the next conquest. Pete fired back that they were just slumming and wound up at our place. They just wanted to have a few drinks and chill out with friends and not spend the night in some bar with loud music.

After a few drinks all of us soon were sitting around the fire pit stretching the truth in our stories and of course the usual flirting was going on. The three single guys were soon jokingly hitting on Lonnie and Darlene. That was normal and everyone knew it was meant in fun. Mind you on a few occasions the three of them had told Jimmie and I, in not so many words, that if Lonnie and Darlene weren't married to us they would be getting hit on big time by them. I could believe it because the three of them were always flirting with them. Lonnie and Darlene knew what the guys were like and wouldn't admit it to Jimmie and me, but they loved the attention.

Jimmie and I couldn't really blame the guys since both of our wives were lookers. So good looking that last year at the beach some guy approached them and told them he was an agent for some company or other, and would like the two of them to model all the new swimwear for their next year's catalog. For whatever reason, the girls declined that offer. So now when they complained about how they looked, like every woman does at some time or other, all Jimmie and I had to do is remind them they could be bikini models. 

I think that's enough background for now, I should get back to that Friday evening and all of us sitting around the fire. The day had been a scorcher, and the evening was a very warm one which was great for partying. We had been having a good time but the only one not really enjoying herself was Lonnie. She was putting on a good face but I knew she wasn't up to her normal self.

She had been working 16 hours a day for the last fifteen days straight. The reason she was so tired was because her company was moving to new offices, and she was the one coordinating the move. Today was the final day of that move and she got home at her regular time. That work schedule was a bit hard for both of us to take. With her dragging her ass by the time she got home she would head straight to bed to sleep. There was no energy left in her for our usual three or four bedroom workouts a week and as a result the two of us were horny.

Actually I didn't actually know how Lonnie could take it. She was a very sexual girl and had a high sex drive. Slow and gentle was her regular menu, but she could be pretty rambunctious if she didn't get her regular relief. When she did without she got to be so horny when her buttons got pushed she was relentless in her pursuit of orgasms. That meant the more time since the last session meant the more pent up sexual energy she had to get rid of. So once she had a release for that energy she literally exploded in bed and was unquenchable.

Those events were wonderful for me because when she got wound up it was hang on for your life. At the end of a session like that, I would usually be a pile of blubbering sweat covered meat, and she would still be reaching for her toys.

Anyway between the work schedule, a few drinks, and some of the joints she had puffed on, she was walking around like she was in a daze. I could see she was ready to nod off so I told her to go to bed and sleep. She objected and wanted to play the part of being a good hostess but we all could see she was fighting a losing battle against the sleep she needed. 

She was finally persuaded to hit the hay, so she left the rest of us to sit by the fire and party while she went to bed. I went and checked on her five minutes later and she was lying there totally nude on top of the bed in dream land. She had always slept in the nude which I enjoyed, because it saved time when one of us got horny. She was definitely out for the count. I admired her body as she lay there before covering her up. As I left her I knew there was no way she was getting up for a while.

That left Darlene and us five guys partying. Earlier that evening when Jimmie and Darlene had arrived Darlene had been in high spirits and feeling no pain. She had gotten a promotion at work which came with a substantial raise in pay. Of course the staff had taken her out to celebrate. So being happy about the promotion, and with more than a few drinks in her, she was already in a "yippee, lets party mood" when she arrived. She continued her celebration big time and was hitting the booze harder than usual even when Jimmie told her to slow down.

Like Lonnie had done, Darlene even smoked more than her fair share of a few joints that the guys had brought with them. She was feeling absolutely no pain and having a good time joking with us guys and laughing at just about anything. She was normally modest and proper mannered, but we had seen her a few times at some parties where she had overindulged. Those events had seen her transform from herself into an incredibly energetic life of the party. Nobody saw that side of her very often, but when she did let loose, she got to be pretty entertaining.

That night she was almost over the top in her high spirits and really having a blast and was going overboard by flirting and teasing with all the guys and just carrying on without thinking about what she was doing. At one point she was even sitting on all the guy's laps and was commenting on the size of the lumps in their pants. There was the odd kiss exchanged and then she would laughingly go to the next guy to flirt with him.

Of course all of us guys were encouraging Darlene's wayward behavior with suggestive comments and persuading her to be even flirtier. With everyone having so much fun the sexual energy level was rising and the evening's fun was turning out to be a lot more unreserved than was normal. Jimmie was just smiling and enjoying himself as he watched his wife displaying the unexpected spirited behavior.

Jimmie once told all us guys over a beer one day he had always wanted Darlene to be more of a party girl. He had a fantasy of watching her fucking other guys. Mind you there wasn't one of us guys that would refuse him if they included any one of us in some bedroom fun. After all she was a pretty hot woman. 

Jimmie, seeing how uninhibited Darlene was acting that night went around and talked to us all about encouraging her into even more lewd behavior. He told us in the mood she was in if we really pushed things she just might be persuaded to really let her hair down and fuck for us. All of us guys could see he was hoping that she would make his fantasy come true that night.

You could bet your last hard earned dollar we weren't going to talk him out of it. 

There was a fast song on the radio and Jimmie persuaded her to put on a show and get up to dance for us. Surprisingly she hardly needed any encouragement to do so. As she danced, we kept feeding her complements telling her things like she looked sexy in the firelight doing her dancing, and she looked so seductive moving like she was doing. Darlene was eating up all the attention we gave her, so it wasn't hard to talk her into dancing more. During the second song the guys were cheering her on and I'm sure it was the booze, but she got even more animate the more we led her on.

We told her anything to make her feel better about herself. It was a surprise to me when I realized she had an ego problem and was looking to have her ego stroked and every comment and cheer was making her feel better about herself. She was soon doing a bit of bumping and grinding trying to get us to really stroke her self-esteem. Wouldn't you know it her husband was cheering her on the loudest.

The gyrations she did were quite sexy and I'm sure she had the same effect on the others as she was having on me and I was getting a hard on watching her sexy body erotically twist about. We soon joined her with all of us circling her. She immediately was dirty dancing and bumping and grinding her body against us guys. The more she bumped and ground against us the more we were taking advantage of her actions by slipping in the odd feel.

Things soon changed when Jimmie started chanting take it off, take it off. We all stopped dancing to watch her as she continued to dance. We all were hoping she would take Jimmie's suggestion so we could see that bikini body of hers in the nude. She smiled back at him and she teased us by raising her tank top to just under her breasts exposing her stomach then shook her hips as she was lowering the top again.

When she lowered the tank top back down Pete pleaded with her to stop teasing and do the strip tease. Of course the rest of us joined in on that request and started to chant, "Off with the clothes. Off with the clothes". She then shyly told us, "Why would you want to see someone like me strip when there are lots of trained girls at the strip clubs in town. Besides I don't think Jimmie would like me to strip right here in front of you guys."

Well Jimmie may have been her husband, but after watching the stimulating dancing she had done he was like the rest of us and had a hard on in his pants too. All Jimmie said was, "You're selling yourself short about your looks again, I bet you have most of those strippers beat in the looks department, besides you know I have told you a million times how hot you are... Come on give us a show... I dare you!" He then said mockingly, "I'm bet you don't have it in you to do anything like that."

You could tell the booze was talking when she testily replied, "I do too!"

Jimmie, by saying she didn't have the nerve to do it was challenging her and had hit her stubborn button by saying that. All of us had noticed at one time or another she had this thing that when challenged she just had to prove she could do it. So the stage was set.

The rest of us started in a low voice to chant again. The two of them went back and forth for a while and all we heard from them was "I do too," from Darlene, and "No you don't" from Jimmie and the rest of us kept softly chanting in the background. There wasn't a guy there that didn't wish she would strip for us and we kept pushing her to do it.

Then Jimmie ended the argument by sarcastically saying "Well if you are so sure you do have the guts then prove it. I still say you are too PRUDISH to do it." Of course he put an emphasis on the word prudish."

Darlene was wasted enough that this challenge to her had finally pushed the buttons we were hoping would get pushed. Darlene raised her voice and said with contempt in her voice, "Prudish you say? You think I'm prudish. Well big mouth, watch this. Turn on the music!"

I turned it back on and all of us guys waited for her to either put up or walk away. She was a bit hesitant at first, but with Jimmie still taunting her by saying, "Come on, you were the one bragging you could do it, let's see if you do have it in you." She soon was swaying to the beat and giving Jimmie a dagger look that said, see, I do have it, so shut up. 

Like before, Darlene soon got into the beat, and responded to our applause and chanting and she really unleashed herself. The first thing she took off was her top. She wasn't wearing a bra so as it hit the ground we five guys let out an energetic cheer as we saw those round melons of hers. I'm sure her ego went up quite a bit just then and it seemed to fuel the fires in her because she looked right at Jimmie and contemptuously said, "Don't have it in me hey? Well keep watching the dance has just begun."

As I watched Darlene I couldn't help but notice the shit eating grin on Jimmie's face. I think he was getting more of a kick out of watching his wife strip in front of a bunch of guys than the rest of us were. Those tits of hers were shaken, bounced and rubbed for our enjoyment. Boy she had really gotten into this teasing.

After the tittie show, she got more daring and with a fair bit of ass shaking slowly the shorts came off to loud approval from us. That left her panties and as she started to slip those off we started to chant again. "More, More, More," which we kept repeating until the panties were tossed aside. When that happened us guys stopped cheering because all we could do was stand and stare at that sexy body as it gyrated about. God, her gyrating hips with her legs stretched wide apart displaying her bald pussy as she thrust her hips back and forth just about had me cumming. As she animatedly continued to dance she goaded us on by saying in a teasing voice, "Like what you see guys, Do I meet with your approval?" Those comments got us cheering again.

Darlene always was a fine looking babe, but dancing in the nude as the flickering firelight shimmered off her body was really hot. We kept praising her actions to keep letting her know how sexy she looked. Between the booze, drugs, the praises she was getting from us, had her in a heightened erotic state. It seemed that in the energized state of mind she had just then, she was enjoying the sensations of everything that was happening to her.

Talk about perfect timing. That was when some slow songs came on and Jimmie jumped up and swayed to the music with her in his arms. We all could see that she was caught up in the action and ready for whatever happened next. She then kissed Jimmie and tried to swallow his tongue. I never saw Ray strip, but he came up behind Darlene and wrapped her in his arms as he ground his hard cock in her ass.

Jimmie had a big smile on his face as he gave Ray a smile with a thumbs up. Darlene never complained in the least and never even looked back at Ray. All she did was moan and when the rest of us saw her wiggling and thrusting her ass back at Ray we stripped and joined in with a group dance. Actually it was more than a dance because it soon turned into a group grope. That groping turned into a lot more, as guys were trying to molest every part of her body at once.

Darlene was gasping for air, as she just loved every touch, tongue swapping kiss, grope and fingering. She had funny look on her face that spoke of being completely overcome in the craving for release that was consuming her body. As she was being groped she was returning the groping by desperately grabbing all the cock she could. She matched stroke for stroke every poke and prod her pussy was getting. She was absolutely lost in the sexual excitement and never once complained or tried to stop us. If anything she was instigating the action as much as we were. When she got lowered to the ground, I ran to get some blankets from the house so we weren't laying on the grass and dirt.

By the time I got back she was on her knees sucking any cock that was shoved in her face. I laid out the blankets and she was repositioned on them with us surrounding her. Hank was the first one that fucked her and soon we all were swapping around, with all of us taking turns with her pussy. Darlene repeatedly was saying, "fuck me, fuck me! more, more! Cock, give me cock! Her actions spoke of her being totally lost in the moment. We were willing to give her all the excitement she could take and that's just what we proceeded to do.

Things escalated from there and for two hours Darlene never had less than two cocks in her at one time. It seemed there wasn't a position or combination of holes she had that wasn't used. God once she got going there was no stopping her. The topper of the night was when she started to wear out. Jimmie lay down with her sitting on him and his cock buried in her ass. Hank then sunk his cock in her pussy with my cock buried in her throat. Pete and Ray were getting jerked off with her hands. She went absolutely wild as her body went into continuous spasms as she had one orgasm after another as we rotated positions as we gave her an air tight fucking.

After a workout like that Darlene had zero energy left in her, and could hardly walk, so we carried her messy body into the house and cleaned her up and laid her on the bed in the spare bedroom. After cleaning up, Jimmie laid on one side of her and Pete on the other. Ray decided to sack out on the sofa so Hank and I went to the main bedroom and lay down on either side of Lonnie to sleep.

That brings us to the next morning when I was awakened by some serious rocking of the bed.

Hank told me later he had woken up and being mostly in dream land found himself spooning with a sexy naked warm body. Waking up like that, I suppose he couldn't resist after finding her tight ass had his hard cock between its cheeks and being a normal guy he naturally went exploring that body. I'm sure there wasn't a single thought given about who he was getting familiar with. After all, two tight cheeks around a hard cock is a hard enticement to ignore.

So with Lonnie sleeping in the nude he had unrestricted access to her body and as he explored he found himself harder than his regular morning woody usually was. He just needed to do something with that love sausage, and seeing as she was right there with easy access he did what any normal guy would do and went for it. After some maneuvering he found his cock just slipped into her pussy with no problem.

At that point, Lonnie was still out of it. She had not awoken in the least. She didn't have a clue it was Hank that was the one doing the sexual stimulating of her body and I'm sure her body thought it was me molesting her so it automatically responded to the stimulus it felt. You have to remember, she had gone without sex for a couple of weeks now, so her naturally, highly sex driven body, was ready for any stimulation it could get that would satisfy the sexual yearnings her body so craved. That same body, without telling her mind what was happening, responded to finally being able to get some relief and was enjoying the cock it had willingly accepted into its pussy.
