 Every day on your way to and from work you walk past the local fire station. Sometimes the large, red folding doors are closed, but often they are open, and you always hope they are so you can see the fire officers in their overalls going about their routine - cleaning equipment and practising drills. 

Sometimes one of them will spot you and if no superior officer is around, good natured wolf whistles and comments about your legs or pert arse will come from inside the open doors. You know you shouldn't encourage it and so you just walk on by each time but every time it happens something deep within you stirs and you feel an ache in your pussy. Something inside you knows you would love to surrender yourself to the men with their uniforms and strong bodies worked tight by their training, but you dismiss it as nothing more than pure fantasy - you couldn't possibly be that slutty in real life.

In recent weeks you have noticed a new fire officer at the station. With bright blue eyes and a strong physique he has caught your eye, and every time you see him now as you walk past he gives you a broad smile and wink which sends shivers down your spine. You find yourself fantasising about him when you masturbate, toying with your clit and slipping your fingers inside your wet pussy as you imagine him using you for his pleasure, his thick cock filling you. 

One Saturday night you are going out in town with your friend for a drink and to see where the night takes you. You dress to please yourself and to catch a little male attention. You are proud of your reasonably long and shapely legs and so you wear a slight heel to elongate them and a skirt that shows enough of them to be sexy without being cheap. 

Add to that your favourite sheer top that dips down in a V-neck, showing your cleavage to best effect and your final sexy touch - black stay up stockings. No-one but you will know you are wearing them (unless you allow them a glimpse!) but the feel of the smooth stocking tops where they meet the soft, white sensitive flesh of your inner thighs is a little secret you like to carry round with you on a night like this when you're feeling horny. 

You don't need to walk past the fire station, but you decide to as you head up to the main road to catch a taxi just in case the hot new fireman is on duty. You are in luck because as you approach the station the doors are open and you can see him just inside, with the top half of his overalls rolled down and tied around his waist and a tight blue t-shirt on underneath, showing his firm and impressive physique as he washes down a piece of pumping equipment with a large sponge. 

You slow down as you walk past and see that he has two other colleagues with him. They are attractive too, one tall and lean, the other average height but also with a strong physique. The other two catcall you a little but the one you fantasise about gives you a look and a gesture indicating that he thinks you look good tonight. You walk slowly savouring the attention but are soon past the station.

Your phone rings and it is your friend - her ex-boyfriend has come round and wants to make up so she is very sorry but can she call this evening off? You are annoyed but want the best for your friend so you say that it's OK. You put your phone away and head back down the road towards home, wondering what to do with your night now. Damn, you're horny and were hoping to pick up a decent guy tonight. You are so engrossed in thought you don't notice that you've reached the fire station again as you walk back towards home. Your hot fireman is leaning nonchalantly against the open folding door. 

"Hello sexy" he says, giving you a start as his voice breaks your thoughts. You laugh and say hello back and enjoy looking into his blue eyes as he talks to you. You exchange small talk, his name is Nate and he's from out of town. You explain about your ruined evening, and all the while sexual tension crackles beneath the surface. He asks you if you want a tour of the fire station - another station will be first to take any calls that come in for the area and so they're anticipating a quiet night and are only crewed up with three men. He says it's the least he can do to cheer up your evening.

You are charmed by Nate and your heart thumps as he leads you round the fire engines, only half-listening as he explains how they work and what their water capacity is. You spend your time instead looking at his broad chest, his strong arms, his pert buttocks beneath his overalls and the bulge of his crotch. Your mind wanders off again to the fantasies you have been having about him and you feel your pussy throb and your juices begin to flow.

Before you know it you are upstairs in the living quarters of the station being introduced to Mike and Steve, Nate's colleagues. The room is comfortable, cosy and well kept with a small fireplace against one wall and comfortable chairs and a sofa plus a large wooden table for all the officers to sit round when they eat. 

Mike and Steve leave the room, saying they have the hourly station check to complete. Without you seeing Nate winks a knowing wink to them as they leave and they go with smiles on their faces. Nate turns to face you and tells you that every time he is on duty he waits for you to come past so he can stop work for a little while and admire you. 

This makes you blush, both with excitement and recognition of the reciprocal feelings you have that make you walk past the fire station much more often than you really need to. Nate notices the flush on your cheeks and looking directly at you he feels he can see the desire and hunger in your eyes and so decides to takes a chance - he tells you that he has fantasised about you more then once whilst he pleasured himself and that he hopes you don't mind. 

This is too much for you and the weeks of pent up desire and fantasising overwhelm you. You step forward and reach up to kiss Nate. Your tongue mingles with his and you feel his strong hands running over your body, around your backside and then up to your breasts, feeling them through the material of your top. You run your hands down his chest, feeling how strong and powerful he is, round his firm, muscular ass and down to his crotch where you can feel his growing erection under his overalls which you rub with your hand through the material. 

Nate reaches down whilst you kiss and lifts your skirt up around your waist - there is a desire and urgency to his actions that thrills you. He pushes you backwards so that your bum is up against the large wooden table and he starts to rub your pussy through your panties. You are so wet with desire now that Nate can feel your juices through your panties and this urges him on more. 

He breaks away from your kiss and pulls your top over your head and then reaches around to undo your bra in one swift movement. Your full breasts fall free and Nate immediately moves to suck your nipples greedily and they become engorged and hard under the touch of his tongue and lips. He undoes your skirt and lets it fall to the floor, followed by your panties. You are now naked in front of him except for your sheer black stockings and heels - you feel gloriously sexy and desired and right now you are feeling so horny you would do anything Nate asks of you.

He lifts you back up onto the table and kisses his way down past your breasts, over your belly and down past your neatly trimmed hair to your swollen pussy lips. You lie back and open your legs to expose yourself fully to his attentions. Nate uses his tongue to part your lips and pushes it as deep inside you as he can, producing from you a gasp. He runs his tongue up to your clit which is sticking up begging for attention and starts to gently nibble and suck on it.

You lie back in relaxation, taking in all the pleasure of the feelings running through you. More than once you have fantasised about having Nate's strong, supple tongue between your legs and now the reality is as good as you had imagined. 

You are distracted by a noise to your left and, opening your eyes, you see that Mike and Steve have come back into the room and are standing there with their trousers wide open, cocks in their hands lazily wanking themselves whilst they watch you squirm and moan from Nate's tongue. Rather than be embarrassed or attempt to cover yourself, your instinctive reaction to their presence and such blatant behaviour goes against all your expectations and you realise that you are releasing all the powerful passions that you previously have only allowed to provide you with masturbation fantasies. 

You are presented with a fantastic opportunity to explore the slutty desires that have resided within you for so long and the feeling is liberating and empowering all at once. You smile to them and beckon to Mike and Steve to come over.

As Mike and Steve walk towards you, you feel immensely desired by them, as well as Nate, and the feeling lifts your confidence even more. You have three good-looking, horny men wanting you with all their being and you are damn well going to enjoy it! 

You tell Mike to stand one side of you and Steve the other, their long erect cocks over your body like a guard of honour as you lie there. You are so overcome by lust yourself you almost don't know where to start. You grasp Mike and Steve's cocks - one in each hand, enjoying their hardness to your touch. You say to Nate, still standing between your legs: "I want you inside me" and then you emphasise "slowly though". 

The feeling of Nate's thick, hard cock is sensational - intensifying as he slowly, slowly slides his cock inside you but then he stops. His swollen head is well inside you, stretching you open but barely half of him is inside you. You push your hips towards him, wanting more but he pulls away to deny you, looking you in the eye with a mischievous twinkle. 

He holds your gaze for what seems like an age, and your desire to feel him inside you grows with every ponderous second. Until finally you moan as he slides his cock almost all the way out of your dripping pussy, and then, gripping you strongly by your hips for leverage, smoothly, slowly and forcefully slides his full length inside you, until his balls rest against your arse. 

It feels fantastic and for a second you lose yourself totally in the feeling of a thick cock thrusting into your pussy, and one in each hand - you feel fantastically, powerfully slutty and surrender yourself totally to the pleasure of three cocks.

As Nate begins to fuck you with long, rhythmic strokes all the while growing faster and harder your head begins to swim and you feel a tremendous orgasm welling deep inside you. You have the luxury of three cocks all to yourself and you intend to use them. 

You pull Mike down the table so he is standing by your hips, watching intently as Nate's cock thrusts inside you. You beckon him up on to the table and make him kneel his taught body over you so that his cock is available to you. You guide the head of his cock towards your clit and start to rub yourself, using him for your pleasure like a dildo while Nate continues to hold your legs open and fuck you. 

The thick pre-cum oozing from him mingles with your wetness and makes it easy for you to slide his hard cock over your sensitive little clit and damn it feels good. You instruct Steve to trace his fingers up and down your body, lightly, teasingly, making your nipples harden to his touch. Tracing feather light lines along the soft skin on the inside of your thighs, and down your belly as all the while Nate, standing between your legs, fucks you. 

You are overwhelmed by sensation from all directions, every sense alive with pleasure. As the intense feeling builds, without even realising it, you have been wanking Mike's long cock faster and more intently over your clit and you suddenly hear him cry out and look at him just in time to see his face contort with pleasure and his balls tighten and contract. You feel his rock hard cock jerk in your hand and then feel the first splash of hot, thick cum as it jets across your tits, then all the way across your cheek and down your chin and again onto your tits. 

You wank him hard with one hand and reach down with the other to feel his balls as they pulse and twitch and until you have milked every single drop of cum from him. The feeling of the thick cum on your soft skin starts to tip you over the edge. You cry out to Nate to fuck you harder and then find yourself emitting a low moan, that builds into a scream as the feeling builds from deep inside you to overwhelm your body. 

Your hips buck and Nate has to use all his strength to hold you so that he can keep fucking you hard. Through the waves of pleasure washing over you, you become aware that Nate is reaching a crescendo too and his smooth movements become jerky as he writhes and bucks. His thick cock pulses inside you and you feel a huge thick jet of cum shoot deep inside your soaking pussy. He quickly withdraws and the second jet of cum shoots up your belly and drips down over your wide parted pussy lips, mingling with your juices. 

The feeling slowly subsides and you realise you are breathing hard, and a thin sheen of sweat covers your body. By now, Steve is desperate to cum too and has been stroking his hard, throbbing cock as he watches and enjoys the spectacle. He looks at you with such desire and you realise that he is utterly yours - he would do anything you asked of him right now, anything at all...