 Brian sat in the chair in the front of the firehouse. It was his turn to man the radio room and it was dead quiet. John, his buddy was in the back watching TV. The city was always quiet before the big one. 

 A car pulled up in front of the station and parked next to the building. A woman in her early thirties got out of the car, pulled her short skirt down and adjusted the back of one of her heels before she walked over to where Brian was sitting. She was a very sexy woman and Brian was intense in watching how her ass swayed as she walked. Her long legs turned him on as she got closer. He felt himself get aroused even more when she spoke to him. 

 “I’m having some troubles over there by my car. Could you come help me?” she asked.

 “What kind of troubles Sweetheart?” he asked.

 “It’s kind of embarrassing. I was taking care of a personal problem and well the item I was using got lost.” She blushed as she continued. “Could you help me get it out?” 

 Innocently, Brian asked where and she lifted up her skirt, showing him a bare shaven pussy. She spread her bare lips apart and told him that she lost a bottle trying to get herself off and it got stuck when she came. 

 Brian had her lean back as he slid two fingers into her waiting pussy. She was already slightly wet and he couldn’t feel any bottle. He probed deeper and she let out a moan. He felt her pussy get tighter so he slid a third finger in and started to slide them in and out of her slowly. He stretched her out a little bit as he tried to get his whole hand inside her looking for this supposed bottle. With his entire hand in her box, he felt around for a bottle. He didn’t find the bottle but he found her G-spot and started to play with it. Soon she was panting like a dog and begging him to fuck her. She was cumming like crazy and Brain wouldn’t let up on her. He was fisting her like crazy and she was still begging him for more. He kept fisting her as he rolled her clit around with the thumb on his other hand. She was gushing cum with every thrust he made. He was sure they were going to wake the neighborhood with her moaning. She came violently and Brian decided to ease up on her as she caught her breath. 

 He pulled out of her and bent down to lick her juices up. She was soaking wet and she was lying in a puddle of cum on the leather interior of the car. He could feel her pussy convulsing with aftershocks from her orgasms with every lick he made. He was rock hard and he wanted her as much as she wanted him. He had her roll over and get on her knees on the back seat of the car. He licked her dripping snatch as he lubed up a finger and slowly penetrated her ass. She screamed in pain as he entered her. She was tense and he told her to relax or it would hurt even more. He slowly slid his pinky in and out of her until she began to stretch out and relax. Then he sucked on her clit as he slid his pointer finger in. She bucked against its size but took it easier than the first finger. She was beginning to like him playing with her ass and let him do what he wanted to her. He felt her juices gush onto his face as he continued to lap at her slit. He stopped to stand up and undo his uniform pants. He released his raging hard on and slid it into her waiting pussy.  She said a prayer as Brian’s huge cock entered her. He rode her like a fine tuned piston in a racecar engine. She was begging him to fuck her hard. She slammed her ass back onto his cock and her soaking wet pussy was making sucking sounds as he pulled back. He felt his balls starting to boil so he began to slow up despite protests coming from the leather car seat on the opposite side of the car. She reached back and grabbed him by the balls and threatened to pull on them if he didn’t finish her off. He pulled out of her and shoved her ass down a little more. He rammed his rock hard cock in her ass like a hot knife through butter. The pain shot through her like she was shot and she stifled a scream. He put his big hands on her hips and pulled her back onto his waiting cock. She tried to get away from him but he wouldn’t let her. He held her tight against him as him as he fucked her ass with no mercy. After a minute or two of this rough play, she started to get into it and begged him to fuck her harder. She told him that there was a vibrator in her pocketbook on the floor next to him. He dug for it and pulled out a huge plastic wand and turned it on. His 10-inch cock was ripping her apart as he shoved the huge vibrating dildo in her cunt. Her pussy clutched at it and he had a hard time fighting her for it as she came again and again. The vibration was getting him off and he was going to blow his load soon. He loved how he could feel it tingle from the tip of his dick to the base of his balls. He felt his cum boiling in his balls and he wouldn’t be able to hold back for long. As he shoved his cock inside her as deep as he could go, he felt the tip of his dick explode from the force of the cum. 

 “Oh my God, I feel you cumming. Don’t stop.” She said.

 Brian looked at her like she was crazy. There was no way he could stop cumming once he started like this. He felt himself get weak as he finally went limp inside her ass. He pulled out and wiped himself off on her ass before pulling himself back together. He started walking back to the building when she yelled to him.

 “Hey! Can I come inside and clean up a bit before I leave? I wouldn’t want to get pulled over by a cop with a dripping snatch.” 

Brian laughed and told him to follow him but to be very quiet because they weren’t allowed to have visitors after hours. He walked her to the bathroom then went in the next room to talk to John. John asked him where he had been and Brian started to tell him as they heard the shower turn on. Both guys went to investigate what the redhead was doing. Watching her stand naked in the shower room under the water was turning both of them on. John stood there stroking his dick inside his work pants as she rubbed soap over her breasts. Brian asked her if she needed any help and she told him to come in and bring his friend. 

 John and Brian stripped off their clothes like two little boys headed into the lake on a hot summer’s day. John rubbed her front with soap as Brian played with her ass again. John kneeled down and began to lick at her bare slit while Brian licked her from behind. She moaned softly as John started to make her cum.    John stood up and stroked his cock in front of her. He was just as amazing as Brian was. He was a little bit smaller and not as thick as Brian but at nine inches, he was still nothing to cry about. 

She bent over and started to lick John. He loved good head and she was proving to be no slacker at the task. She sucked at the base of his head until pre-cum glistened with the water droplets dripping from her long, curly hair. As she sucked his tip, she stroked the length of him with her silky hair. She started to take the entire length of him in her mouth as Brian made her cum from behind. His expert mouth on her clit set her off easily as her moaning on John’s cock set him off. He shot a load in her mouth and she swallowed every drop. He kissed her and told Brian that he needed to fuck her soon or he was going to fuck Brian. She stood up and walked over to one of the benches at the lockers. She had John sit down and she stroked him back to life. Once he was hard again, she sat down on his erection so that he was deep in her pussy. They kissed as he played with her tits but she wouldn’t let him fuck her. She made him lean back and told Brian to get in her ass. She played with her clit while John sat there powerless to do anything. He felt her tighten up as she played and her juices ran down the crack of his ass. He felt Brian’s huge member enter her next to his and she was suddenly the tightest pussy John ever experienced. It took a few thrusts before Brian and John got it working together so everyone was comfortable and the woman was going out of her mind. John liked how the friction of Brian’s dick on the other side of her asshole wall felt against his raging hard on. John heard a buzzing sound then felt Brian shoving the vibe from her pocketbook in her pussy with him. She tightened up and John thought for a second or two that she was going to snap his dick off with her orgasm. She easily took John and the toy and rode John like a mad woman. Brian couldn’t keep up with them and he came all over her back and hair as she pulled off of him. She impaled herself on John’s cock rapidly until the two of them were grunting like animals and you thought you saw smoke from all the friction. They both let out a loud grunt and she fell on top of John as he fell back onto the bench. They were both out of breath as the Captain walked in on them. 

 “What’s going on here?” He yelled. “No visitors after hours without my permission” He looked at the redhead and smiled. “Maybe we can make exceptions if she shows me what she’s been showing the two of you.”  He dropped his pants and pulled down his boxers. She got giggled then took him in her hand. He wasn’t even close to the size of John or Brian. She was kind of glad because the two of them wore her out. She had him sit on the bench and got down on her knees in front of him. She giggled as she started to suck off the Captain. 

 “This is nice. No wonder you boys share her.” The Captain said. The boys just looked at him with astonishment. How could he be getting sucked off by her and hold a conversation at the same time? They watched as she bobbed up and down on the Captain’s Irish knob. She finished him off in no time and he thanked her, got up and got dressed then told the boys to carry on. They laughed their asses off as they got dressed. John asked Brian who his friend was after the redhead left and Brian told him it was some girl he met in his Fire Inspector’s class who had a thing for doing it in the firehouse. Who was Brian to turn down something like that? Wait until John found out she was going to tutor him every week until the final exam.