 I looked up as Dan burst through the gate towards us. 

"What the hell is going on?" he asked again, this time a lot louder.

I couldn't read his face in the darkness but he definitely sounded pissed. I scrambled to pull up my jeans, stumbling a little as my toes snagged at the bottom of one leg, causing me to lose my balance. I put my hand out and inadvertently grabbed his wife's still exposed breast as I tried to maintain my balance.

"God that still feels so fuckin' good," I thought, despite the fact that her pissed off husband was bearing down on us.

"And you Sadie, what the actual hell has been happening here?" he snapped at his young wife.

"Sorry Dan, we didn't see you there," she stuttered as she quickly slipped back into her black bra and fastened her top back up.

My brain was overwhelmed with a tangle of thoughts about what to say or do next.

"Clearly not," he muttered as he took in the sight before him.

My wife Louise had managed to pull her top together and was looking very embarrassed as Dan stared at her. The fire next to us suddenly let out another large crackle and a shower of sparks shot skywards. We all stopped briefly to look. The silence between us seemed to stretch on for ages. 

"Look Dan, you know I've mentioned a few times that Louise & I like to fantasise during our love making. That we will sometimes introduce you and Sadie into our sex talk."

"Yes Tim, we might have 'talked' about it but I didn't expect to walk into your back garden to find you all like this!" he retorted.

More silence.

"I can explain Dan, but only if you'll hear me out without shouting me down," Sadie said quietly as she smoothed her long dark locks from her pretty face.

At 6'1" Dan towered above her as she slipped her Vans back onto her neatly manicured feet. She patted the cushions next to her and motioned for him to sit down.

"Can you help me take some of these empties inside Tim please?" Lousie said over her shoulder as she headed back into the house. I quickly took the hint and picked up a couple of wine bottles and swiftly followed her indoors.

"God her ass looks good," I thought as she stepped into the kitchen. Her long brunette hair rested easily on her shoulders as I ran my finger tips casually between her shoulder blades to attract her attention. My mind flashed back to just a few minutes earlier when Louise had been licking the warm juices running from Sadie's tight pussy as my throbbing cock was pounding deeper and deeper into my friend's wife.

"How much do you think he saw?" I said as Louise turned to face me.

She wrapped her arms around my waist and I pulled her close. She smelt of our recent sex and as she raised her lips to meet mine I could still taste it on her lingering kiss. My cock immediately sprang to life and pushed against her stomach. 

"Whoa there tiger!" Louise giggled as she slipped her hand across the bulge in my jeans. "What have we got here then?"

"Just picturing you going down on Sadie...that was so hot!" I exclaimed. 

"I can't believe that after all this time our secret longings have actually happened. I mean how many times have we talked about what we could do together. How you've wanted to kiss her and feel her naked body against yours. To have her suck on your breasts and then to be able to taste her pussy?"

"What about you too?" Louise said as she punched me playfully on my arm. "How was it to finally get to fuck that tight little pussy of hers? Was it everything we imagined it might be?"

"It was absolutely awesome!" I exclaimed as I remembered how the tip of my cock had felt as it slipped between her lush folds, slick with her sweet nectar. 

"She was squeezing me with her muscles all the time I was thrusting in and out of her," I said. "And she definitely gripped me hardest when your tongue was circling her hard clit as you were lapping up her warm juices" I laughed.

"Really made her moan, that didn't it?" Louise giggled as she slipped my growing cock out of my jeans. 

Her mouth quickly fastened around my swollen head before taking me back deep.

"Mmmm babe, that's so good!" I moaned, mimicking the sounds that Sadie had made as my wife's long tongue had been probing her tight little pussy just a little earlier.

I ran my fingers through her hair and watched as her full lips slipped up and down my shaft as she slowly sucked on my swollen cock. 

"God Louise, you'll never understand just how much I love you doing that!" I whispered as her tongue rode across my tip before once again slipping me back into her mouth.

"Have you two quite finished?" quipped Sadie from the doorway.

We turned to see her grinning in the doorway with Dan right behind her. She led her head back into his chest and raised her lips towards him.

"Kiss me darling," she murmured. "See if you can still taste her on my lips," she said as Dan lowered his lips to meet hers.

Louise's fingers began to caress my cock as we watched them both. 

As their kiss intensified, Dan's fingers began to play with Sadie's nipples that were trying to burst through her blouse. Even though she was wearing a bra they were an impressive sight as the fought against the constraints.

"Looks like all is forgiven then Dan?" I questioned lightheartedly as we watched his fingers deftly freeing Sadie from her clothing.

"Mmmm!" murmured Louise as Sadie's pert little breasts topped with her magnificent nipples were revealed to us once again. 

"Can I lick them for you Dan?" she meowed in her coyest voice. "Would you like to watch me do that?" she purred with a wink as she casually walked over to them.

"Oh please let her!" Sadie pleaded with Tim as she glanced over to my wife as she moved closer to them.

The tip of Louise's tongue was already poking out between her moist lips in anticipation of what was to follow. Sadie's smile widened and she extended her arms out to draw Louise to her.

The smile on Dan's face broadened as he watched my wife's lips meet Sadie's. Their tongues probing and circling as their lips locked together.

Sadie placed her palms against my wife's cheeks and slowly guided her towards her waiting breasts.

"Look Louise, they are just begging to be sucked!" giggled Sadie.

Louise flicked her long wet tongue across the tips of her nipples leaving a glistening wet trail between them before drawing one into her eager mouth.

"Hey honey...do you like watching her suck on my perfect little tits?" she whispered to Dan as she ran her slender fingers through Louise's dark locks.

Sadie moaned louder as my wife sucked harder, encouraged by Sadie's hand in her hair pulling her close to her body.

"Mmmm Louise, that feels so good!" she murmured as she dropped her hand to Dan's fly, quickly releasing his hard cock and wrapping her fingers tightly around him.

Dan looked at me and stretched out an arm and took one of Louise's hands in his.

"Do you mind?" he asked me, the desire burning in his eyes.

"Go for it pal and enjoy what she can do," I said quickly with a grin. "You won't be disappointed!"

"Oh honey, it's so thick and strong. I can't wait to see what he can do with it!" she exclaimed as her fingers joined Sadie's and began rhythmically stroking up and down his hardness.

Dan closed his eyes and leant back against the kitchen wall enjoying the pleasure that the two friends were bringing to his throbbing cock.

"Jeez Tim, this feels amazing. Even better than I ever imagined."

"Ah, so we weren't the only ones to wonder what it would be like then?" I quipped in reference to the times Sadie and I had including our best friends in our explicit fantasies whilst making love. "You should have said something before now then we could have explored our feelings sooner."

"We were always too worried in case you thought we were crazy and that it was just to be treated as a fantasy," Dan said. 'When you let it slip that you had these fantasies I should have spoken up then. But I didn't and as time went on it got harder and harder to bring it up. But it didn't stop me telling Sadie what you had said though. We hardly got out of bed that weekend as we started to explore the same fantasies too!"

Louise released Sadie's nipple from her mouth, giving it a little nip with her teeth as it slipped out.

"Mmmm that was good Lou!" Sadie said as she beckoned me over.

"Come here you. You shouldn't be missing out." she said. "I want to suck that hard cock of yours whilst my husband is treated to your wife's mouth on his. I want to watch as his stiff cock slides slowly deeper and deeper between those luscious lips of hers. To hear him groan as she drives him wild with her tongue!"

I quickly strode over to where she was now crouching next to my wife. I winked at Dan knowing just how amazing his cock must be feeling in her mouth and watched as his wife took my cock into hers.

"Hell Louise...she's good!" I exclaimed as Sadie took my throbbing cock right to the back before slowly drawing me out, her lips tight, grasping every ridge and making me shudder. She looked down at my gaping hole on the end of my swollen cock and stuck the tip of her tongue inside.

"Fuck Sadie, where'd you learn to do that?" I groaned as the nerve endings in my cock jumped into a million tiny explosions.

I watched as she slowly slid me back into her warm mouth until I felt the back of her throat pushing against me again.

"Shit...that's good!" I gasped as she held me there briefly before slowly withdrawing my cock and wrapping her long slender fingers around my shaft.

"You like that do you?" she whispered and then began a slow pumping action on my cock.

Dan looked at me and grinned. "Kept that little trick of hers a secret from you didn't I!" he laughed.

My wife looked up and watched the scene briefly.

"Hey Sadie, I don't think he's gonna last long if you keep that pace up!" she laughed before taking hold of Dans cock and gently squeezing it.

"Hey big boy, wanna cum in my mouth?" she said gazing up at him with her sultry green eyes.

Dan looked nervously at me.

I laughed and said "Like I'm gonna complain pal, seeing your gorgeous wife currently has her mouth wrapped around my cock!"

Sadie and Louise briefly stopped what they were doing and winked at each other. They leaned together and their lips quickly locked. 

Dan looked at me. "I still can't believe this is happening" then closed his eyes as his wife's best friend slid his throbbing cock back into her mouth.

"Oh God, that's so good Louise. I can't hold back much longer."

"Good, hurry up!" she moaned. "I need to taste that warm sticky cum on my tongue!"

Sadie also picked up speed, her hand stroking faster and faster on my pulsing shaft.

"You gonna cum? Wanna fill my mouth up too?" she murmured.

I couldn't say anything. My body racked with pleasure as Sadie skillfully flicked across the top of my cock with her long tongue before plunging down hard.

"Ohhh jeez!" I groaned.

"Don't hold back Tim" gasped Sadie before she slid my cock back inside quickly and began wanking me off into her eager mouth.

Her fingers felt incredible as she squeezed harder and slid up and down my throbbing shaft. I was shaking as she drove me closer to the edge until I finally exploded, sending pulses of hot cum into her mouth.

"Ohhh Sadie!" I moaned loudly as I unloaded stream after stream right to the back of her throat. "I've wanted to do that for so long!"

"Me too!" she replied as she squeezed the last of my cum from my swollen cock.

I glanced down at my wife just in time to see her mouth overflowing with Dan's cum. Her lips were wet and shiny and she had cum dripping off her chin and spilling onto her heaving breasts.

"God honey, that looks so fuckin' hot!" I moaned as my wife swiped a finger across her chin scooping up Tim's cum and sucking it from her finger.

"Hey you, save some for me!" giggled Sadie as she crawled over Louise on her knees.

"Too late!" my wife laughed offering Sadie her clean finger.

"Mmmm!" she said as she slipped it into her mouth and mimicked sucking a lollipop.

"Too bad you didn't save some for me!" she pouted.

"I'm sure you'll survive," laughed Louise. "Afterall you can enjoy some anytime you want, but I'm not sure if I'll ever get the chance again?" she said.

"Oh don't worry about that," winked Sadie. "I think there's a very good chance you will!"