 We had an early call arranged with the concierge and were up, showered and dressed in time to have breakfast before meeting Pat and Don. We got to their hotel and they were waiting in front as yesterday so we all walked south towards the Arno River and the Uffizi Museum. When we arrived there about ten minutes later, the lines were completely around the courtyard which meant at least an hour to an hour and a half wait to get in and I was glad that we had reserved our tickets in advance and didn't have to wait at all as we entered the advance reservations door far away from the line and were admitted immediately. 

We spent about three hours covering every inch of the fabulous museum moving in order from room to room until we covered all the 30 or so rooms and the famous corridor. It was interesting to find out that the entire building that houses the Uffizi originally was built as offices for the Medici's who owned practically everything in Florence and the surrounding areas. We particularly enjoyed Pontormo's oils as well as Da Vinci's and many others and by the time we got through all the rooms, we were ready for a cold drink and some relaxation so we left the museum and headed for a sidewalk café in the Piazza della Signoria. 

We sipped our drinks and watched the parade of tourists and locals pass by and rated them as to whether we would like to have them join us in bed or not. Don suddenly called our attention to a couple heading towards us who were absolutely gorgeous! She was a blonde, with a body made for sex....large breasts, wide hips, great legs and ass, tiny waist and the sexiest face in the world. He was tall, broad shouldered with an athletic build and strong, handsome face. As they passed our table, they glanced over at us and smiled so I motioned them to join us and they broke their hurried stride and came over to say hello. 

We asked them to join us in a drink and the waiter brought over two more chairs for them and they sat down. Gina and Carlo were only in town until tomorrow morning as they flew in from Rome for the day and had been shopping all morning. Gina had a shopping bag full of things from Ungaro and they were both glad to sit down and rest a moment. We asked where they were staying and Carlo told us that he had a town house not far from where we were since he travels back and forth from Rome very often on business. They were a very personable couple and we got along beautifully with them especially since they spoke almost perfect English. 

During the course of our conversation, both Don and I slipped in a few innuendos about the four of us being more than just good friends which I noticed that both of them picked up on immediately so I asked them if they would like to join us at dinner at Franco's tonight and they accepted immediately since they knew Franco and had dined there a few times in the past. Carlo suggested that perhaps after dinner we could all go back to his place for drinks as it wasn't far from the restaurant and, since it was getting late, we decided to head back to the hotel and get ready for dinner. 

We decided to meet at Franco's at 8:30 and paid our bill and headed back. When Doreen and I got into our room, she asked me whether I thought Gina and Carlo would be game for some sex tonight since it was Don and Pat's last night in Florence and she was looking forward to some good sex with them. I told her that Carlo had given me some signs that they were interested in more than just having drinks after dinner and not to worry. I told her that if it turned out that they didn't want sex, we would leave and the four of us would hop into bed for the rest of the night so she shouldn't worry about it. We showered, rested a bit and got dressed in plenty of time to get to the restaurant in time.

When we arrived at Franco's, he greeted us warmly with a twinkle in his eye and showed us to our table. I had phoned him from our room and told him that another couple would be joining us so he had place settings for six ready. A few minutes after we arrived, Don and Pat walked in followed by Gina and Carlo a minute or so later and Franco took our order for drinks as he renewed his acquaintance with them. 

Dinner was magnificent as usual and after we finished our coffee, Carlo suggested that we go back to his place for some drinks so we paid our bill and Franco looked at me questioningly as we were leaving since he had overheard that we were going back to Carlo's place instead of our hotel. I told him that I'd call him before he closed up and let him know where to join us later and his big broad grin returned along with a sigh of relief as he whispered to me that he was really looking forward to getting together with us tonight.

It was only a few blocks to Carlo's place and the short walk helped digest our food. He stopped in front of a massive mahogany door and opened it with his key and we stepped into a large courtyard with fruit trees and landscaped bushes leading up to the door of the house. When he opened the house door, we walked into a very contemporary vestibule and then into a large, beautifully furnished library where he asked us to be seated as he and Gina opened the bar and proceeded to take our drink orders. As we walked into the library, I noticed a series of black and white photographs of a gorgeous blonde woman and when I walked up to one of them, saw it was Gina. She noticed me looking at them and smiled asking me what I thought of them. I told her that they were beautiful and that she had a gorgeous body and should show it off. 

"That's what I've always said" Carlo replied, "but some people are too uptight to appreciate them" 

I told him that anyone that can't appreciate beauty like that doesn't deserve to be a friend and he fully agreed. 

We were all sitting in the library sipping drinks and talking about Carlo's business and he told us that he was in the real estate business and managed and sold properties in Rome mostly but also in Florence and Pisa. He told us that he had bought this place a few years ago from a bank at a terrific price and put quite a bit of money into renovating it to his comfort level since it had been one family's home since the 17th Century. When we started asking him questions about his business, Gina had excused herself and by the time we finished the discussion, I was startled to see Gina walk into the room wearing nothing more than a pair of high heels. 

She stood at the entrance of the room and everyone's eyes were riveted to her. "I wanted you to see my wife's body in the flesh as I think it is one of the world's great masterpieces rivaling Michelangelo." Carlo announced as Gina moved over and stood in front of Doreen and I saw my wife's hand involuntarily reach for the absolutely perfect, uplifted breast capped by very large deep brown nipples. She looked up into Gina's eyes and as she tweaked her nipple, she told her that she couldn't wait to taste her. I leaned forward and brushed my nose over her shaved mound and then into her wet slit where I breathed in her heady aroma before dipping my tongue between her swollen labia. She smelled and tasted fabulous and I lifted my head to tell her how much I was going to enjoy making love to her and my wife concurred.

Gina moved on to stand in front of Don and Pat and as they touched and kissed her, Carlo undressed and came over and sat down next to Doreen. His penis was fully erect and was a gorgeous sight. It was long and very thick with a beautifully sculpted crown which invited sucking. Doreen reached out and grasped the huge organ in her hand and squealed in delight as she turned to me, 

"This is some beauty honey. You're going to love it!" and Carlo smiled at me and told me he couldn't wait. 

I got up and walked over on the other side of him and sat down and grasped the base of his thick shaft under Doreen's hand which was stroking his shaft up to the head. The more I looked at his organ, the more I wanted it in my mouth and with an apology to Doreen, I leaned down and took the sculpted crown in my mouth and began lovingly nursing on it while my wife played with his balls and made sure his cock stayed in my mouth. Every once in a while, his cock would slip out of my mouth and I let my wife nurse on it for a while before taking it back. 

I glanced over and saw Gina sitting on the arm of the couch with her legs splayed wide and both Don and Pat taking turns sucking various parts of her crotch. 

"Why don't you two take off your clothes so I can enjoy the sights as well" 

he said and I lifted my head from his delicious organ and stood up as did Doreen. We peeled off our clothes as Carlo watched approvingly and when I turned to face him naked, he smiled and looked at my thick erection as he told us that it was much better now that he could appreciate us. He suggested that we all retire to the master bedroom where he has a bed that will accommodate all of us very comfortably. 

We followed him upstairs to his bedroom and walked in to a very large room furnished very comfortably with couches, sofa chairs, end tables, a full stand up bar and in one corner of the room, a huge, circular bed that had to be 20 ft. in diameter. He was right. This bed could hold a small army comfortably. Gina led Don by his penis and lay down on the bed on her back offering herself to any comers. She seemed to delight in being worked on and admired and I wondered if she gave as well as she received but I guess I'd find that out later. 

Carlo got up on the bed near his wife and lay down on his back so I figured he wanted to be worked on also so I motioned Doreen to start kissing him while I worked on his crotch. She made me promise not to be too long as she couldn't wait to have him in her mouth so I got comfortable between his outstretched thighs and began by licking and sucking his tight balls before I worked my way up to the base of his thickness. I licked and kissed the shaft all around and slowly worked my mouth up to the irresistible crown. I took his sweet cock head between my lips and nursed on it as I played with his balls and slipped a wet finger in his anus to his cries and gasps of pleasure. Doreen was sucking his nipples between bouts of soul kissing and I tapped her and asked if she would like to taste something really delicious. 

He had started oozing precum and I found it like nectar and wanted my wife to enjoy it also since she claimed to be a connoisseur of precum. She didn't hesitate a second and was nursing on his cockhead immediately along with murmurs of pleasure as she tasted his nectar. I let her feed on his juices for a few minutes as I played with her slit and pinched her erect clitoris. Carlo was looking at me with a distant look in his eyes as Doreen worked her magic mouth over his organ and I told him that I was going back to sucking him again in a few moments as I just wanted my wife to taste him also. He smiled and told me that either one of us is great and either one would satisfy him but then he sat up and said that he too wanted something nice to suck on and do I have any suggestions? I asked Doreen if she minded if we sucked each other a while and she told us to go right ahead as she noticed something interesting over there and moved over to run her fingers in the crack of Gina's ass and into her puckered anus. 

I lay down and rested my head on Carlo's thigh as he did the same and the two of us gazed at our thick, throbbing erections. I leaned forward and took the gorgeous crown between my lips and resumed my nursing. He really was delicious and I concentrated on making him cum so that I could taste his juices and feed him mine. I was moving up and down on the thick penis and running my tongue over the head as I sucked him when suddenly he gasped and I felt his cock expand as it started spurting hot cum onto my waiting tongue. 

As the first spurt shot into my mouth, my penis exploded also and began shooting ropes of cum into his hungry mouth and both of us moaned in ecstasy as we unloaded the contents of our balls into each other's mouth. I found him absolutely delicious and couldn't wait for him to feed me more and it seemed he felt the same about me as he was gasping and moaning and sucking deeply on my penis also. I rested my head on his thigh while holding his organ in my mouth and I felt it slowly receding and getting smaller. I thought about how much I would love to suck him hard again but knew that my wife wanted more of him so I got up and saw that Doreen had her head in Gina's ass crack and was sliding her tongue in and out of the tight anus as Gina rode Don's thickness and Pat sucked her nipples and soul kissed her. 

I went over to my wife and slipped two fingers into her wet pussy as she licked Gina and whispered that I had just sucked the cum out of Carlo's balls and if she wanted to try and get him hard again, he was available. She looked at me with glazed eyes and told me that she was busy at the moment but would be there as soon as she finished so I moved up in front of Gina, who was crouched low as she rode Don's erection, and straddled his head and offered the crown of my flaccid penis to her to suck on as she fucked him. I felt Don's mouth cover my balls as they hung down and brushed his lips and then Gina took my penis in her mouth and began to suck it as she ran her tongue all around it. 

I watched as Carlo made himself comfortable between Doreen's legs and started licking and sucking her crotch while she continued to worship Gina's ass crack and anus. Every once in a while, Don's cock would slip out of Gina's hole and my wife would suck feverishly on it before guiding it back into her hole with her mouth and then go back to licking her ass. Gina was good and knew just how to get a rise out of me as my penis started filling with blood soon after she began sucking it and she pulled her mouth from my slowly rising erection to tell me that she absolutely loved feeling my cock get hard in her mouth and then went right back to sucking it. 

Pat was playing with Gina's nipple while she jilled herself and when she saw Carlo eating Doreen and saw his thick but soft penis lying on his thigh, she dropped down and started licking and sucking his softness as if her life depended upon it. Then I heard Gina's muffled cry as she bore down on Don's penis and went into orgasm while sucking deeply on my cock and moaning constantly. After she calmed down, Doreen lifted her face from her ass crack and saw Pat sucking feverishly on Carlo's organ so she held Carlo's head to her cunt as she got down and buried her head between Pat's outstretched thighs and the three of them formed a suck circle. 

Then I heard Don moan as he sucked my balls and I watched him lift his hips and drive his organ deeper inside Gina as he pumped his hot cum into her which made her cry out and have a mini orgasm again. As Gina let my erection slip from her mouth as she collapsed on top of Don, I suddenly remembered Franco and was relieved to see that it was just before closing time so I picked up the phone and let him know where we were. He told me that he would be over in a few minutes since the restaurant was empty and I gave him the address. I told Gina that Franco would be joining us and she smiled and said that another cock would always be welcome in their house so not to worry.

I went into the bathroom to freshen up and when I returned I sat back alongside Gina and Don and watched my wife, Carlo and Pat mixing it up. This time, Doreen was sucking Carlo while Pat was busy in her crotch and Carlo had his head between Pat's gorgeous thighs. Gina was holding my cock in one hand and Don's in the other as we watched them. 

"I always get very horny watching Carlo having sex with another guy or gal" 

she told us and just then the downstairs bell rang and she got up to check the screen and see who was there. 

"It's Franco" she said as she slipped on a robe and went downstairs to let him in. 

A few minutes later, she came back in with a smiling Franco and told him that he was much too overdressed for the occasion. He immediately removed his clothes as Gina removed her robe and rejoined us in bed and I noticed that her eyes were fastened on his beautiful penis and balls as he approached the bed. He took in the complete scene immediately and saw that Carlo was in the middle of a session with the two gals and that Gina, Don and I were sitting back resting and watching them. He also saw that Don was soft and that my penis was rock hard and standing straight up so he approached me and asked if I minded if he had some desert. 

"You know that you never have to ask a thing like that!" I told him 

and he got down between my legs and proceeded to lick my thickness from the base up to the head as Gina commented on his technique and asked him if he minded if she joined him and shared what looked like a delicious desert. The two of them passed my organ back and forth between them as I watched my wife lower her wet cunt onto Carlo's gorgeous penis and sink down with a sigh of satisfaction as she took him inside her. Pat had straddled his head and was feeding him various parts of her crotch to suck as Doreen rode his shaft and both gals were playing with each other's breasts as they both lost themselves in the pleasures of sex.

Don's cock slowly got hard again as he watched all the action going on around him and I watched him get up and move over behind Gina and slip his penis into her wet pussy and stroke in and out for a few minutes before withdrawing it and moving over behind Franco and pushing his cockhead into the tight asshole as Franco groaned in pleasure while sucking my penis. Then, after a few minutes of this, Don withdrew and moved over to Gina again and this time slipped his organ inside her asshole and started moving it back and forth as she started gasping and telling him how much she loves having a cock in her ass. He continued fucking her ass for a while and then moved over and put his organ inside Franco again and kept going back and forth between them as they continued sharing my penis. 

I watched my wife go into a beautiful shuddering orgasm as she rode Carlo's thick penis and then saw Pat's eyes roll back in her head as she wet his face with her juices. Both of them rolled off him after they came back down to earth and when I saw his magnificent erection swaying above him with no one taking care of it, I let Don continue fucking both of them and moved over and wrapped my lips around his beautiful penis. He tasted fantastic as he had Doreen's juices all over his shaft plus his precum which was oozing out of his slit and I was in heaven as I sucked him. I never even noticed that he had swung around and was sucking my cock also until I felt his warm, talented mouth cover my organ and the two of us went off to another world together. 

I was riding a terrific high and could have stayed up there forever except that the next thing I knew, my cock was pumping hot cum down his throat and I was lost in ecstasy. Then I felt his penis expand and begin spurting cum into my mouth which I hungrily swallowed and sucked deeply on his shaft to capture each delicious load as he fed it to me. When the last of our spasms ended, we rolled over on our backs to applause by Gina and Doreen who had been fingering each other as they watched us. Then Don told us that they had to leave as their flight was early in the morning and they had to pack before they went to sleep. 

As they got dressed, we told them that we would call them as soon as we got back home and get together again there. They said their goodbyes to everyone and Franco told them that he was seriously going to think about opening a restaurant in New York and would keep in touch with us by telephone. Carlo told them that he and Gina travel to New York a couple of times a year and told them that he would let us know when they plan on a visit. Doreen and I saw them to the door and they told us that they had considered changing their plans and staying with us in Florence but the logistics of changing all their reservations was just too much. They told us they would be thinking about the five of us getting together while they were gone and wishing they were there also and we told them that we would make up for it as soon as we got home. 
