 Friday night, Angel and I attended a party for a celebration of the oncoming 4th of July. The small party was held up at Alexa's home in the hills of Maui, Hawaii. The theme of the evening was a no host bar with costume or outfit preferred. Angel wore a red, white and blue hand made bikini of sorts with the stars over her breasts and crotch. Other than that, there wasn't much fabric covering the rest of her. I chose to wear a short miniskirt with the colors of the flag on it and a clear plastic halter top with 2 tiny lil stars just barely covering my nipples.

Earlier in the day, Angel and I did nothing but hang around at home and go skinny dippin in my pool or laying out in the sun. We played with each thru the day which is always nice but for the most part laid out in the sun.

After getting dressed, Angel and I started out and we had just gotten into my truck when the cell phone rang. It was Simone asking us to stop at the local store to pickup some bags of ice. Telling her, 'you've got to be kidding' as the way we were dressed really didn't go with the candor of stopping at the local store. But knowing they needed it we both decided to go into the store and as quickly as possible grab some bags of ice and walk back out with little or no commotion. Wrong!

We stopped at a little store on the way up hwy 37, there wasn't many cars around so we thought we could in and grab what we wanted and head right back out. As we got out of the truck, we walked right into 2 good looking guys walking out in shorts and tank tops. They blocked our path inside and as Angel tried to go around them the guy on the left took a step to block her in. I said excuse me as I muscled my way between the both of them and Angel followed me.

We got we needed and headed back out the store. The 2 guys were standing by my truck. As I hit the alarm which unlocked the doors to the back of the truck we placed the bags of ice in my cargo area. I walked Angel around to her side of the truck where the guys were standing. They asked us since we looked like we wanted to party why not party with them. We said no thanks as we had our own party to go and said 'excuse us' as I went to open the door for Angel. Angel got in ok but then both followed me to my side of the truck.

As I opened the door the smaller of the 2 guys pushed it closed. I looked at him and once more said, excuse me. He laughed and said that was a pretty outfit I had on and if my tits were real. I said only thats none of your business as I grabbed onto the door handle again. He grabbed my wrist and I slapped in the head with my other hand. He backed off abit but I think it made him want what he thought he was going to get even more pronounced now. Just then, I heard the passenger side door open and out of the corner of my eye I saw Angel walking around the front of the truck.

I heard Angel say 'hey haoles' and as both turned to look at her, she kicked the smaller the guy in the stomach with a spinning kick and put him down then came around with a jumping front kick and caught the other guy square in the forehead which sent him falling backwards. I looked down at the both of them and told them 'we tried to be polite' as I opened my door, stepping on the guys chest got into my truck. As I started up the truck, I rolled down my window to make sure I wasn't going to run over them and slowly backed out. Just then we heard applause from the store front as a couple guys and girls were clapping for us. We gave them a thumbs up and drove away.

On the way up the highway to Alexa's, I noticed a bunch of bikers coming up fast from behind us. I pulled over abit and recognized the lead biker as being a friend of Alexa and Katrina. His name was Mouse. He was huge man on a huge Harley. I honked my horn and he slowed down. He pointed to the side of the road so we pulled off as they rode up alongside. We got out of the truck to greet them and told them we were on our way up to Alexa's for a small party. He said they were headed up there too and would give us an escort. I said we needed an escort at the store about 3 miles back as 2 idiots screwed with us but Angel took care of them.

Mouse asked if we were ok and I said yes as Angel kicked their ass. Mouse turned around and said something to 2 of the other guys and they fired up their bikes and headed back down the highway. As I was looking at him I saw that some of the girls were riding bitch with their boyfriends and asked Mouse if it would be possible to ride on the back of the bikes if one of the girls would drive my truck. He said not a problem and pointed to 2 of the other girls and told them to do me a favor and drive the truck as we wanted to ride the bikes. They said no problem and we switched off. Angel got on the back of Robby's bike and I got on with Stitch... his name fits him as he has a scar of 86 stitches going across his forehead from a bar fight.

It was a great ride up into the hills with the wind in my hair and the warmth engulfing our bodies. We pulled up to Alexa's front gate and rang the bell. The gates opened up and in we all went. Pulling up to the front door, we all dismounted off the bikes and met Alexa at the door along with Katrina and the other girls. After all the hugs and kisses and comments about outfits we stepped inside.

We walked on and came upon a group of sexy clad dressed women. Thinking it was to be a small party turned out to be something huge. The women dressed were impressive wearing little to next to nothing and everyone showing off their best assets from boobs to butts. I felt alittle intimidated being there among the hordes of beauties but soon relaxed knowing I could hold my own with these 20 something babes.

Angel and I strolled over to the bar and grabbed some wine. We stood there admiring the wave of colors which were mostly red, white and blue. It was awesome to see such patriotism in one big place. We met some ladies we knew from Alexa's previous parties and some we just met. They came in from all over the US and Canada for this party.

I took Angel by the arm and took her upstairs to the room which is usually mine when Michael and I spend the night, it's a room right off the main upstairs hallway near Alexa and Ty's room. It has a hot tub in the bathroom. I had left some clothes there in the closet as well as shoes and was wanting to change the shoes I had on to alittle higher fuck me pump style. I had on 5 inch pumps but wanted something to show my legs better so I chose a pair of 6 inch black stiletto heels. Angel said my outfit looked much better as she still towered over me in her 7 inch red lucite platforms.

While we were in the room talking and getting ready to go back downstairs, a couple of sexy looking brunettes who we first saw near the front door walked into my room. They stopped in their tracks and looked us up and down as we did the same to them. The dark haired beauty to my left stepped up and offered her hand out and introduced herself to us as Briget and her friend as Angelica. I took her hand in mine and introduced ourselves to them.

Briget asked if we knew Alexa or were there as a guest. We told her we're good friends with her and Ty as well as her sister and room mates. We stood talking to them for a while before we decided we needed to refresh our drinks and we all took a walk downstairs to get more. We then all headed downstairs.

After grabbing some refills we decided to go out by the pool and sit and talk some more. When we got out there, we found 3 chairs available but couldn't locate a 4th. So we offered 2 chairs to the other girls but they said they would share one and Briget sat down first and Angelica sat between her legs. Angel and I sat down facing them. Briget lifted up her legs and wrapped them around Angelica so she could hold her ankles together as she laid back onto Briget.

We talked about the adult business alittle and moved onto modeling and then to exotic dancing. Angel spoke much about the dancing aspect as Angelica took a keen interest in what she had to say about it. Angelica said she wanted to learn how to dance seductively and asked Angel if she'd teach her. Angel said by all means and Angelica unwrapped Brigets legs and stood up. She took Angel by the hand and they stood between me and Briget.

As Angel began to move to the music playing, Angelica tried to move with her. Angel moved behind Angelica and placed her hands on her hips and guided her. Angelica, who was already alittle tipsy from the bottles of beer she had been drinking stumbled a couple of times as Angel caught her. Briget would break out laughing hysterically at various times throughout the lesson. I could only smile. Briget then leaned towards me and asked me if I wanted to go get our drinks refreshed again and I said ok as she began to scoot herself out of the chair.

I told Angel we'd be right back but she smiled and told me to take our time as she had her hands full with Angelica. I smiled back at Angel as Briget grabbed my hand and lead me off. On the way into the house we ran into Katrina. She asked us if we were having a good time and we both said we were. She said good and slipped her hand around my head and pulled me in tight to her and kissed me hard and deep on the lips. Her other hand moved over my boobs then down and under my skirt as she slipped a finger into me. We continued kissing for a few minutes as her finger rubbed circles around my clit.

Katrina then broke the kiss and turned to Briget and said, 'ok, she's ready for you' and left with a smile on her face. Briget looked at me and mentioned something about Katrina being a wild pussy when it came to parties. I agreed as Briget took my hand again and lead me towards the bar. Briget refilled my glass of wine and grabbed herself another heineken. She then told me we needed to go find Alexa or Ty and say hello to them.

We found Ty first and as soon as he saw me, he broke the conversation he was having with a couple of other girls and approached me. He gave me huge hug lifting me off the ground and spinning me around. He kissed me almost as deep as Katrina did but his hands stayed on my butt as he kept me tight against himself.

Finally he broke the kiss and set me back down. He gave Briget a kiss but nothing like he gave me. He asked me where my man was and when I told him he was on the mainland he smiled big and asked me if I needed any good lovins since he was gone. I told him maybe and to find me near the end of the night as I'll probably be wanting something long, thick and hard in me by then. He kissed me and told me he'd find me for sure!

Briget told me that it seemed to her that I was very popular among the house but I told her it was only because of my boyfriend who is their best friend otherwise I wouldn't have a clue as to who they were. She smiled a sly grin and said 'yeah right' and grabbed my hand and lead me upstairs again. She asked me if I had a room in the house and I told her the room where they had first met is usually my room whenever me and my boyfriend spend the night. She said cool and lead me to the room.

As she opened the door and stepped in I walked in behind her. She turned right around and grabbed me around the waist and planted a deep lip lock onto my lips. Her tongue snaked into my mouth as her fingers worked under my miniskirt and found their way into my smooth pussy. She pumped me as we continued to kiss. My hands could only hold onto her as she rubbed my clitoris and pumped me. She sucked on my tongue as if it was a straw.

She then dropped to her knees and yanked my skirt down and had me step out of it. As soon as my legs were free of the skirt she had her tongue on my clit. She lapped at me as she pushed her own hand up her short skirt. She was rubbing herself as she sucked my pussy. I stood there looking down at her but was only able to see her tongue flicking against my clit.

She licked me slow then fast, I could feel her body shudder with each touch of her clit as her touch flowed through her and right into me. It felt wonderful to have her tongue on me after being teased by Katrina. She slid her tongue inside my walls and kept licking. She lapped at my slit for a few minutes before stabbing between my lips. She sucked my clit while flicking the tip. Her hand slid up the back of my skirt and pushed me forward into her mouth. As she slid her tongue inside me I felt her finger slide up into my backside. She pumped my ass as she tongued me which brought the wave forth as I found myself moaning out, holding her head as I pumped my hips onto her tongue.

She lapped on me like there was no tomorrow. Her tongue sliding easily in and out of my walls. I could only steady myself as the sensations began to fade. She stood up and kissed me hard as snaked her tongue back into my mouth. I could taste myself on her tongue and lips. We broke the kiss and as I was about to reciprocate Angel and Angelica walked in. Angel's lipstick was all smeared as was Angelica's. Both Briget and I laughed so hard as they tried to wipe it off.

Katrina walked past the room and told everyone to go outside by the pool for a small display of sparklers and other harmless fireworks. Angelica grabbed Angel as Briget took my hand. Everyone moved outside to stand around the pool. Alexa, Ty, Katrina, Simone and Lourdes then told everyone to raise their glass as they had some words to say first.

Alexa said a prayer for Michael and his dad and also to bless our troops overseas and for all Americans all over the world who couldn't be home for this Celebratory weekend. Everyone toasted and sipped from their glasses. The music was turned back on and fireworks were fired off from the south side of Alexa's garden. Everyone enjoyed the evening.

As time went on, couples and alcohol began to mix. Some couples could be seen together locked in deep kisses while others had engaged in some oral skills down around the pool. Some women were skinny dipping and playing with each other in the pool. Couples on the loungers, women masturbating while watching other couples. Guys getting head jobs, hand jobs, lots of titty fucking as well.

Alexa and Ty came walking up. Alexa was topless and grabbed my top and ripped it off me then did the same to Angel. Ty picked me up and carried me off into the house and up the stairs we went. He brought me into their bedroom and tossed me onto the bed. He pulled off my miniskirt and dived right between my thighs. Licking and stabbing at my entrance while slipping a finger up my backside. He is a man who knows what I enjoy having had me on several occasions with or without Michael present.

Alexa and Angel followed shortly as I was having my first orgasm from Tyson's expert tongue. Alexa knelt down next to Tyson and took his hard manhood into her mouth. Angel came and laid next to me on the bed and began kissing me. Her hands cupping my breasts and pulling on my hard nipples. Alexa busily sucking away on her man's cock as he began to lick and lap at Angels sweet walls. Alexa took as much as she could in her throat but stopped short of gagging on him.

Angel and I kept kissing as Ty lapped away at her sex. Her fingers moved from my breasts down to my pussy and began fingering me. Rubbing my clit until I began to come again. Alexa then stood up and brought her sex near Angel and I and knelt alongside us on the bed. Both Angel and I took turns licking her sweet shaven lips. Tonguing her clit as she pushed herself closer to us. I moved my hand between her thighs so that I could slip a finger into her tight ass and pull her even closer.

Angel began to orgasm from Ty's tonguing as she hummed and moaned with her tongue pushing into Alexa's pussy. Alexa began to come from the sensation and vibrations that Angel was giving her. Alexa then moved off the bed and pulled both Angel and I off the bed to the floor. Tyson moved into the center of the 3 of us and sat down on the edge of the bed. The 3 of us took turns sucking his long thick cock. One would have him in her mouth while the other 2 would be licking his shaft or tonguing his heavy ball sac.

Tyson loved the contrast of his long black cock being sucked on by the 3 of us. I took almost all his cock into my throat but couldn't get the last couple of inches in although I was able to pump his shaft thru my fist as the other girls sucked on him as well. When Tyson felt like he was about to cum, he wrapped his hand around the shaft and began to pump it while the 3 of us kissed each other and waited for his grunt. It didn't take long as the 3 of us turned towards his thick head and received his sweet sticky sperm.

He pumped himself giving the 3 of us all that he could muster as we licked his come from his cock and off each others faces. His seed kept coming as we sucked and licked. Being the facial sluts just for him. When his orgasm subsided, we took turns sucking the head or licking each others faces, chins or boobs clean of the sticky white mess.

Tyson then reached down and took my hand and helped me up. He said since Michael wasn't here to keep me happy that he'd have to take honors as I climbed onto the bed. I took my position in which I love being in for him and let him settle behind me. He slid his head into my tight pussy and began pumping me slowly and steadily building up to a faster tempo.

Alexa and Angel sat on the floor watching and began masturbating. Tyson would pull his entire 10 inches out of me before sliding it right back inside. He was so slow and methodical in his thrusts. He knew what and how I enjoyed his play time of my body. He would kick up the beat and thrust me deeper and harder then slow almost to the point of stopping. When he did stop however, he pulled his shaft from me and lined up against my tight backdoor.

Alexa said between strokes that she loved the way I could handle him this way. I love every bit of a nice thick cock invading my backside and he was no different. He pushed the head in and I wanted more. I pushed back onto him as he pushed forward which instantly impaled me with his massive cock. I moaned out how good it felt as he began pumping me. Alexa or Angel would reach up and rub my clit but the sensation of his hard shaft tunneling in and out of me was so nasty.

My fists gripped the sheets and pulled them but it was only because my orgasm was approaching fast and deep. Ty held onto my hips tightly as he pumped faster and deeper. He eventually pushed his entire length into my backside and I loved it. I could hear both Angel and Alexa starting to orgasm themselves as he thrashed my backdoor. I kept moaning for him to slam it into me harder.

The first of this series of orgasm came fast and powerful, I could only moan out and pound the bed as he pumped me. As I felt his shaft grow inside me another orgasm shot through me instantly. My moans and screams must have been heard through out the house. Tyson was telling me how good my ass felt wrapped his shaft, how much he loved fucking me. I couldn't get enough of his thrusts as I pushed back and met his thrusts half way.

Tyson groaned out loudly as I felt his come spilling into my backdoor, he pumped me over and over before his cock either was pulled out or slipped out but I heard sucking sounds as I looked down and saw Alexa sucking the head into her mouth swallowing his load before placing the head back against my open ass and having him push himself right back inside my backdoor. He pumped me for a few more minutes before stopping.

Alexa kissed Angel as everyone seemed worn out. Ty collapsed on the bed and Angel and Alexa sat leaning on each others shoulders. I sat back down onto my heels with my hands still on the bed trying to catch my breath. As we all were recouping. Katrina walked in and said the most everyone was leaving and that we needed to come down and bid them all a goodbye. Alexa and Angel got up first. Alexa walked to the bathroom and got Ty a warm washcloth. He cleaned his cock off then stood up and slid on his shorts. He looked over at me and asked I was ok. I said I was and that I'd be down in a bit to say goodbye to those I had met.
