 My first bi (MMMMMF) [true story]

Way back in the day, during the mid-1980's, I had a friend in Hollywood who was an actor of sorts - he mostly did voice and extra work, but he knew a lot of people in the business, and on its fringes. I got to know him while working as an extra, and after a while we both noticed that we shared an eye for the ladies. After a while longer, he let me know that he occasionally had 'parties' at his place where he would organize a group of guys to entertain a lady or two. His qualifications were simple: 

1) You had to be healthy and clean (a medical check was required for the first party, but after that, if you were cool, trust would do, and in a few years, nobody ever earned the distrust of the party).

2) You had to be comfortable in your own skin, and not the kind that would fret about being around a bunch of other naked guys. Being bi was not required, but you had to be okay if other guys were.

3) You had to be personable and friendly. Being a jealous or possessive type would not do well in a party atmosphere.

4) You had to be honest. If married, your spouse had to know what was going on, and be okay with it. If single, you had to be responsible for your health and that of the group.

5) The lady was always the center of attention - her wishes and desires were the reason for the group in the first place, and ignoring or angering the ladies was grounds for being asked to leave the group.

My friend (let's call him Don) was mostly responsible for finding the ladies, and never had any trouble with that. He was kind of short and pudgy, and not greatly hung, but he had a certain presence that filled a room, and a great voice. He also had connections all over the place, and people knew things if they needed to.

There was a 'core group' of sorts associated with the parties - about 6 or 7 guys who could usually be relied on if my friend found a lady with a need. All of us were in around 30-45 years old, and in fair shape, but otherwise relatively average. I was fairly fresh out of the navy, one of the guys was an electrician, a few were techies with the studios, and a couple of others were in business of various sorts. Mostly white, middle-class, generally unremarkable people, if you didn't know about our mutual interests.

We also had a few semi-regular ladies who were the centerpieces (as it were) of our parties. One of these was a professional woman in her early 30's who traveled a lot professionally, and often had to behave in a very controlled manner while away on business. This meant that when she got to LA, she was often a bundle of barely controlled hormones.

So one week I got a phone call that she was due back in town that coming Saturday, and would I be available? Don also told me there would be a few new people in for the party, so to be prepared. I was going to be in LA anyway on business, and made arrangements to free up that evening. (By the way, these parties happened every 6-8 weeks on average).

Saturday rolled around, and I finished up the job I was working on a little bit early, then went back to my room, and showered and changed, making sure to get squeaky clean and freshly shaved, then drove over to Don's place.

When I arrived, only a couple of the regulars had arrived yet, and we helped Don re-arrange the furniture and set out snacks and get drinks ready, while catching up with each other. As party time approached, more of the guys showed up, including one new guy, who was a slender guy in his late 20's, and a couple who we'd hosted a few months before. Apparently the lady in question had decided she wanted to see what it was like to be with another lady, and in discussions with Don had decided that this couple would do nicely. Whether this affected what happened later is not clear, but stuff certainly did happen. [I'm getting to it - honest!] We ended up with 8 guys and 1 woman, even before the guest of honor arrived. The heat was thick enough to cut with a spoon. A dull spoon.

The couple were from Puerto Rico, and she (let's call her Juanita) was as hot a number as I'd ever seen before, while her husband was a quiet, almost mousy guy who deferred to her in everything. She wanted to get started right away, and had to be gently persuaded by Don to keep her clothes on until the guest of honor arrived, but just having her there and extremely horny got all of the rest of us very heated.

Our guest (let's call her Helen, as she launched quite a few things) arrived at about 3 minutes before the hour, complaining about the traffic. For those who have never been to LA, complaining about the traffic is the local Sport of Champions, and there are few other places in the first world where traffic is as dense or unruly. Those who had met her before greeted her warmly with a kiss and hug, and then Don introduced her to the newcomers while pouring her a glass of wine.

After the first glass of wine she was able to get rid of her mad from the traffic, and said she was ready for the party to begin. At her direction, and while she slipped her shoes and shirt off, the rest of us undressed to some extent or other. I'd already taken my shoes off (as had most of the regulars), so I slipped out of my shirt and jeans, and gathered around Helen, who always liked to begin the evening with a circle of guys surrounding her so that she could suck us all to a full erection. Tonight was slightly different, as she had Juanita right next to her, and a larger than usual group of guys.

In more ways than one. The other new guy was right across the circle from me, and though I don't really consider myself hugely hung, I do all right, and had always been the largest member in the group, as it were. Tonight that was changed, as the new guy (let's call him Mark) had a cock about an inch longer than my own 8", if a bit thinner. Helen was delighted to see this, and did her best to fit as much of him into her mouth as she could, but she finally gave up after about 7", and went on to the next guy.

This gave me time to observe the group, and, more energetically, the ladies. Helen was a woman in her early 30's, about 5'7" with light brown hair, clear, light skin, a firm figure, and green-brown eyes. Her ready smile was the sort to warm a room, and she was comfortable to be around. Juanita was smaller, about 5'2" with a trim, athletic figure, island coloring, and a palpable heat to her personality. Where Helen was warm, Juanita was hot. Where Helen was friendly, Juanita was passionate.

But both of them were very sexual and very passionate, and having both of them in the same place ... an experience I've never matched since.

Anyway, back to the story.

The ladies went around the circle, sucking each of us in turn enough to get and keep us hard, but not enough to push us over the edge - there was plenty of time for that later, and though almost all of us were still young enough to go around several times a night, there was no need to rush. Helen liked to gently explore, licking, sucking and nibbling up and down the shaft of each cock, savoring the taste and texture, wringing the most sensation she could out of the situation. Juanita just went for it, slurping up and down the shaft quickly, her tongue action anything but subtle, and where Helen got me hard as a rock, Juanita had me close to cumming within minutes, and I had to back away so as to save myself for later.

Once we were all hard, Helen and Juanita went over to the long sectional sofa we'd moved away from the wall, and the party began in earnest. We mostly sorted ourselves out naturally, and I went over and went down on Juanita, remembering how good she'd tasted at our previous party. She was already more than a bit damp, and as I eased my tongue between her nether lips she bucked a bit, and clamped her things tight around my head. As I licked and sucked around her labia, one guy knelt on each side of her, licking and sucking her small, firm tits, while another swung one leg over the low back of the sofa so that she could suck his cock.

At the other end of the sofa, Helen was in a similar position, but angled so that she could suck two cocks at once while Don went down on her and Juanita's husband leaned over and alternated sucking on both of her tits, sometimes pushing them together so he could reach both nipples at once. It was obvious that he enjoyed the larger tits he now had access to, as he joyously slobbered over her nipples and into her cleavage.

After a few minutes I had found Juanita's G-Spot with my tongue, and gotten a face full of cum and a crushing clamp on my head from her thighs, and when she got over her first orgasm one of the other guys took over for me while I backed off, wiped my face with a damp washcloth and grabbed a beer from the cooler. I went back to the couch where a few other guys had also changed position, and took advantage of a shift to go down on Helen. Her taste was different, as was the texture of her pussy, at least partly because she'd already had at least two orgasms, but that didn't bother me at all, and I used the experience I had of her earlier to see if I could also find her G-Spot with my tongue, then alternated between that and her clit for a good 4 or 5 minutes until she gave out a strange, choked gargle and pushed my head away with one hand. When I looked up, I could see her mouth was full to capacity with Mark's 9" cock, and she had all but the last inch or so in her throat, and was straining to get the last bit down. The others around her backed away a little bit and watched her try and try, but she never could get that last inch.

It got me even harder watching her try, though, I can guarantee that.

Helen finally caught her breath, and waved me up toward her face. She'd been trying to deep-throat me for months, and I guess she was hoping that my being shorter would make it easier. So I stepped toward the side of the sofa while mark moved to the other side of her head, and one of the other guys slipped his cock into her and began fucking her with slow, even strokes.

As Helen sucked me and Mark alternately, slowing down and easing back into her usual technique and adjusting to the rhythm of the guy who was fucking her, I looked over and saw that Juanita had gotten onto her knees, and was being fucked from behind by her husband, while two guys were standing behind the sofa where she could suck on their cocks alternately. She at least seemed to have no trouble deep-throating, but as the guys she was sucking were only about 6 inches or a bit more, I don't think that was much of a challenge, but she was taking them to the root with almost every stroke, and was timing her sucking with the fucking she was getting.

Don had backed off during the last change in positions, and had a camera out, taking snapshots. I wish I'd been able to get copies of those, but I never even saw them.

Helen paused in her sucking for a moment and followed my gaze over to see what Juanita was doing, and paused in her sucking, just jacking Mark and I off while watching. "I've gotta learn to do that!" she said, and then reached over and tapped Juanita on the arm.

"See if you can do that with these" she challenged, and Mark and I moved over and traded places with the two guys Juanita had been blowing. Juanita just grinned, and started to lick up and down our shafts, and was just beginning to nip and nibble a little bit when she shuddered, squealed a bit and tensed up as her husband grunted and came in her.

Juanita's husband shuddered and bucked, then he pulled out, and went into the bathroom to wash himself off while Don moved in to clean up the results (which was something he almost always did).

By now, Helen was getting fucked by the second of the regulars, while another was kneeling over her chest, fucking her tits, and the third guy was fucking her mouth like there was no tomorrow.

Juanita took her time, and quite a bit of effort, but was also unable to get all of either Mark or I into her mouth, though I have to admit it took a lot of self-control, to keep from cumming, and only the breaks she took from me to concentrate on Mark made it possible.

After what was probably only a few minutes, Juanita gave up on deep-throating, and said "this is ridiculous - nobody could do it. Would one of you please fuck me?"

Mark, being a bit younger, moved around the couch and eased his cock into Juanita, while I knelt and kissed her deeply. She was also a very passionate kisser, and the unusual taste in her mouth didn't bother me at all. I kissed her for a while, then worked my way down her body, sliding over the back of the couch until my head was beneath her on the pillows, and I could lick and suck on her tits, while she jerked me off with one hand while sucking on another one of the guys.

I could see Mark's cock sliding in and out of Juanita, and feel every shudder of her body and hear every moan and groan she made until she shuddered, shrieked at the back of her throat, and all but collapsed on top of me.

"I need a break" she announced, and as Mark pulled out, she slid off of the sofa, and paddled into the bathroom to wash up a bit.

I sat back on the couch to catch my breath, eyeing Mark's cock as he stood up, and wondered ... but no - at these parties, you never did anything without an invitation.

I looked over at the other group, where Helen was on the floor in a 69 with one of the regulars, alternating sucking his cock with sucking off another one of the guys who was kneeling by her head. On the other side of the room, two guys were drinking beers while Don sucked Juanita's husband's stubby cock. That was not a usual thing at these parties, but it did happen from time to time, and Don was the most clearly bisexual one in the group. Apparently (as I later learned) this was part of the 'price' being asked for bringing Juanita to the party.

When I looked around again, I noticed that Mark was watching Don with rapt attention, and that his erection had hardly flagged at all. Then again neither had mine, but I hadn't cum yet.

I found my beer (which had warmed a bit), and sat back to take a breather and relax and watch, and after a short while a refreshed Juanita came out of the bath and sat next to me and idly stroked my cock while we watched Helen reach a series of shuddering orgasms, which apparently triggered both of the guys she was blowing, who within seconds of each other shot largish loads of cum onto her face and into her mouth.

"Excuse me" said Juanita, who slid off of the couch, and crawled over to Helen where she licked the cum off of her face, then held and cuddled Helen while they kissed passionately, swapping the cum they had in their mouths between them. After a moment, Helen got up, and with shaky steps toddled off to the bathroom to wash up. When Helen left the room, Mark walked over to Juanita, helped her to her feet, picked her up in his arms and began to kiss her deeply.

*Interesting* I thought, as I finished my beer.

When Helen came out of the bathroom, I went in to recycle the beer, and washed up a bit myself, as I'd gotten a bit sweaty. I also checked the clock and saw that almost 90 minutes had passed since the party had started.

When I came out, Helen and Juanita were in a 69 on the pile carpeting in the middle of the room, with the guys in the group either standing in a group by the kitchen, or standing in a circle around the girls, watching, and slowly jacking off. A couple of them were watching each other as much as they were watching the ladies, and they were only looking slightly nervous about it. Occasional furtive moves were occasionally made by one of the guys, but when they were not reciprocated or encouraged, they quickly faded into just jacking and watching.

We watched for a while, until the 69 broke up and Helen said "I need somebody to fuck me!" Being one of the only guys who hadn't fucked anyone yet, I moved forward quickly and mounted Helen in a standard missionary position. Juanita had lubed her up well, and I slid in easily, but still found her nice and tight, and her muscles clenched me arrhytmically for the first few dozen strokes.

Next to us, Juanita had pulled one of the regulars down and sat on his cock, rocking back and forth gently, while two more of the guys flanked her, and she alternated sucking their cocks. This was one of her favorite positions from our previous encounter, and was probably easiest for the guy on the bottom, as all he had to do was stay hard. She also liked a really thick cock on the bottom, and the guy she'd picked was very thick, though not particularly big.

Helen opened her eyes after a while, saw what was going on, and wanted to try it herself. Having been there before, I reached over, grabbed a few pillows, and rearranged us so that I was sitting up with my cock all the way into her, but both of us were sitting up, rather than one of us laying flat. Our backs were supported partly by the pillows and partly by our arms, but it allowed the other guys to cluster around us at pretty much ideal height. 

I only had to rock a little bit to maintain motion, and feeling her muscles clench and watching her suck the other guys was enough to keep me very hard without needing much concentration. Only Mark and Don were not actively taking part, and Don, being the oldest of us (around 50) was just sitting and watching, mostly.

Mark watched for a while, then stood between the two groups, watching the action, and slowly jacking himself to keep mostly erect. He obviously wanted in on the action, but couldn't find an available opening. As he was less than a foot away, his state was apparent, and I guess the hormones in the air broke down a barrier for me. I shifted my balance a little bit, leaned over, and licked his cock from base to head. Then I sat back to see how he would react.

As you've probably guessed, this didn't bother him in the least. he just took a short half-step, and turned to make his cock more available to me.

Now, while I'd occasionally considered this situation intellectually, and had seen Don in action, I'd never really attempted it in real life. So I had to just guess at how to do it best, and took my cues from what I liked done to me. I shifted my balance a little bit, adjusted a pillow, and then leaned forward and took the head of his cock into my mouth.

It's really not that difficult or strange once you get past the squickiness barrier. Many descriptions of the texture of a penis have been written, but most of you already know what one feels like, at least in your hand. The big difference is that your mouth is both wetter and more sensitive. Also, in the words of my dentist "a millimeter in the real world feels like a mile in the mouth" which is why a chipped tooth feels like it's half missing and only looks like a small chip.

Anyway, I slowly started to move my head back and forth, putting an even pressure on his cock on all sides, while slowly wetting it down and taking it in further. Remembering what sensations it's evolved to feel and what the better blow jobs I've had have been like, I began to use my tongue to lave the underside of the cock, taking special care to put pressure on the base of the head and not to use any teeth.

Once I built up a rhythm, I noticed that the room had gone a bit quiet. I also noticed that I'd gotten very concentrated on the task at hand.

"That is so hot" Helen said, watching intently. All of the eyes in the room were on me, and most of the guys had a level of lust in their eyes usually reserved for their first party. "Keep going" she said, and squeezed her muscles so tight I thought my cock would be cut off. "Yeah, keep going" said Mike, and turned to give me a better angle.

I tried to keep everyone happy, and worked a bit of hip rhythm into what I was doing. When I moved my head forward, I rocked my hips a bit, and though I was mostly overwhelmed by sensation, I could feel Helen's kegel muscles clenching and could see her sucking two of the guys while watching me suck Mark. I developed a rhythm with him, too, and gradually worked him deeper into my mouth. I don't know if it's because guys have bigger mouths (as my ex would say), or just natural talent, but in very little time I was taking almost all of him into my mouth. His cock brushing against the root of my tongue caused me to gag a bit, but Juanita leaned over and whispered in my ear "you're doing fine - just relax."
