 My boyfriend and I had just gotten home from going out for a few drinks. He seemed anxious to get home; normally he is in no rush and probably would have had a few more. I asked him if everything was okay and he said he had a surprise for me tonight.

A surprise from him could be just about anything. We have a very active sexual relationship, including swinging occasionally. We have done just about everything from have with other couples, to big hotel parties, and he even set up a gang bang for my birthday last year. A few months prior we had sex with a tranny and I loved it and have been asking him for that again. He swears he is not bi, but had no problem with him/her sucking his dick and even fucked him/her in the ass when he/she was fucking me. But again, swears he is not bi. I also have asked him to find a bi guy for us to play with, but haven't been holding out much hope on that.

When we got home told me to go upstairs and change into something sexy while he opened a bottle of wine. I found one of my short satin nighties that I know he likes. He likes the way the material feels against him. I went with a dark blue, it goes well with my blue eyes and contrasts with my long blonde hair. The fabric is thin enough so you can tell the nipples of my 38DDD breasts are pierced. I didn't bother with panties, they just get in the way. As I was running a brush through my hair, I heard the doorbell.

I heard my boyfriend answer it and only heard another male voice. Was he giving me another double penetration? He knows how much I loved that and I haven't had one in a while. I started getting wet at the thought of it.

When I came down the stairs my boyfriend was on the couch and there was a mystery man sitting on the loveseat, each with a glass of wine. There was a nice fire going in the fireplace. When they saw me they both stood up. My boyfriend looked me up and down approvingly and introduced me, "Kevin, this is my girl Stacey. Stacey meet Kevin." 

"Nice to meet you Kevin," I said while extending my hand as he slowly gazed at my body then back up to my eyes.

"Same here," he said smiling.

I looked at my boyfriend, from his eyes, to the glass of wine in his hand, then back to his eyes "where is mine?" I teasingly asked. He laughed and walked towards the kitchen to pour me a glass.

I took this time to inspect my new friend. He was taller than me (not a great accomplishment as I am only 5'1") and my boyfriend who is about 5'9". Shaved head and somewhat athletic build, like my boyfriend. His eyes were darker than my boyfriends, a dark brown. They looked about the same age, late 40's. I have always preferred older men.

He sat back on the loveseat, and I decided to play it a little coy and lay on the couch leaning on my elbow so I could support my head with my arm and give him a flirty look. "So Kevin, where did you meet Eddie?" As I asked the question, Eddie walked back in with my wine and I realized with me laying on the couch he would need to sit by Kevin. He handed me my glass and gave me a wink before sitting down and taking a sip from his glass.

The two exchanged looks and Kevin nervously said "we met at a bar a couple nights ago."

I continued my interrogation, "which bar?"

"Oh, I don't remember the name of it, over by the state line."

There is a gay bar over by the state line where we had met the tranny we fucked. I didn't pry anymore but started getting excited over the thought. "And what is it you like to do?"

"I like a lot of things, running, tennis, boating...," he trailed off when he saw my amused smile and he realized I meant what does he like in bed. He laughed, "sorry, just figured out what you were really asking." He paused for before continuing. "I like to watch couples enjoying themselves, then join in if everyone is comfortable."

Eddie chimed in at this point, "Don't worry babe, Kevin and I have already talked about limits and I filled him in on what you enjoy. You will have a good night," he said grinning.

I looked back and forth from one to the other trying to figure out what they had planned when Eddie spoke up again, "why don't you come over here and let Kevin watch as you suck my cock." 

I took a long drink of my wine before getting up and walking over to the men. I got on my knees in front of Eddie while he undid his pants to free his hard cock. He was the perfect size for me, about 7.5 inches and thick. I looked up and made eye contact with Kevin while I stroked it for a couple seconds before going down on Eddie. I started with just the head, making sure to get it nice and wet with my spit, before going deeper. I was going slow, enjoying hearing my boyfriend quietly moaning. I heard a zipper and turned slightly to see Kevin taking out his cock. He was just a little bigger than Eddie, maybe 8 inches. He started stroking himself. "Do you like what you see?" Eddie asked him between moans.

"Very much. I was hoping for a turn too, if you think she can handle it." I slowly lifted my head from Eddie's cock and started to slide over to suck Kevin, when Eddie put his hand on my shoulder.

"You just stay where you are baby," he said. To my surprise he reached over and put his hand on the back of Kevin's head and pulled him down on his cock. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. My boyfriend was getting his dick sucked by another man. We were looking at each other and both smiling, then he tilted his head back and moaned again. My boyfriend was enjoying getting a blowjob from a man, and I was really enjoying watching it. My pussy was almost dripping already. I reached up and started stroking Kevin, making him moan on Eddie's cock.

I somehow managed to get my head at the right angle to take Kevin's throbbing cock in my mouth while he continued sucking Eddie's dick. I loved hearing both men moan as they were getting sucked. Kevin stopped sucking Eddie and sat up, making it easier for me to suck him. I looked up at Eddie and saw he was smiling down at me. He put his hand on the back of my head and forced it down all the way so I started gagging on Kevin's 8 inches. "That's my girl, you take all that cock, deep in your throat," Eddie whispered. He got up and came around behind me. He reached down and grabbed my ass, and I spread my legs for him. He knew what I wanted and moved his hand to my waxed cunt. He slowly slid two fingers in me as I continued sucking Kevin. "You are very wet baby, have you been enjoying this so far? I think we should all go upstairs to the bed and see what other fun things the three of us can do."

"Sounds good to me," Kevin said in agreement as I raised my head.

We all went upstairs. "You have got to see her tits," Eddie said to Kevin as he stood behind me and started pinching my nipples through the satin. Then he reached down and grabbed the hem and lifted it off me in one smooth movement. Kevin walked over and cupped my breasts as I stood there naked. He lowered his head and took a nipple in his mouth. Eddie came around and took my other nipple in his mouth. Kevin was being gentle, lightly biting and pulling with his lips. Eddie knows I like things rough, so he was using his teeth, making me whimper slightly. Eddie let my nipple drop from his mouth and his lips found mine. He kissed me deeply and passionately as another man was sucking my nipple. Then he stepped back and watched Kevin go from one nipple to another as he undressed and walked over to the bed. 

"Stacey," he called. "I need that tight pussy on me." Kevin stepped back from me and slapped me on the ass as I went to the bed. I climbed on top of my boyfriend and lowered myself so his cock slid inside of me. We both sighed in pleasure. Kevin came over and kneeled on the bed by our heads so I could lean over and suck him again. I love pleasing two men at once. 

Then Eddie really surprised me. He reached up and pulled Kevin's cock from my mouth, and pulled it down into his. This was one of the sexiest things I have ever seen. I started riding him faster and could feel my juiced running down his cock to his balls.

Kevin pulled his cock from Eddie's mouth, looked at me and said "I want to lick your pussy while you fuck him. Turn around."

My boyfriend and I had talked about this in fantasy when we were in bed, but I didn't really think it would ever happen. I turned around and mounted my boyfriend in reverse. Eddie had his legs spread an knees bent so Kevin lied down on his stomach between Eddie's legs. He looked up at me before his gently licked around my clit while Eddie's cock went in and out of me. It felt so amazing. He circled my clit with his tongue, getting closer and closer. My moan was more like a scream by the time his tongue reached my clit. He knew what he was doing and I came on Eddie's cock very quickly. When I felt like I was going to collapse, I raised up and let Eddie's still rock hard cock slide from my sopping wet cunt, and right into Kevin's eager mouth. I laid next to Eddie and tried to catch my breath as Kevin cleaned his cock.

Eddie looked at Kevin and said "Fuck her, she needs a good hard fucking." Eddie did not hesitate. He pushed my legs apart and thrust his cock into me and started pounding away. Eddie watched for a minute before he got up and I saw him get the lube out of the nightstand. I watched him lube up his cock and get behind Kevin, before putting some lube on Kevin's ass. 

Eddie loves rough anal and was not holding back on Kevin. He was pounding his ass. And Kevin was loving it. I could feel Kevin getting close to cumming. "Do you want me to swallow your cum?" 

"Oh my god yes," he replied between gasps. He thrust his cock into me deep a few more times and then pulled out as I quickly slid down to get his cock in my mouth. I wasn't quite quick enough and some of his cum ended up on my cheek and chin, and I swallowed the rest. 

Eddie continued pounding his ass while grinning at me with cum on my face. I went over and kissed him and I know he tasted the cum on me. "Do you want me to swallow you too baby?"

He looked at me for a minute before answering. "No, I want him too." As he said that he started fucking Kevin even harder. Kevin buried his face in a pillow but we could still hear him. Eddie yelled to him , "are you going to swallow my load?"

Kevin raised his head, "yes, yes, yes," he panted.

Eddie started moaning louder and I knew he was going to explode. "Open up," he said while he pulled out his throbbing dick. Kevin quickly turned around and Eddie shoved his cock right into his mouth. He put his hand on Kevin's head and pulled him in deep so he started gagging and he held him there as he came.

This was my first bi MMF and I loved it. Can't wait for more.