 I am a pretty regular guy in his mid 40's with a normal family life, good white collar job, pretty much the average American. 

Over the years I have developed bi fantasies and even met up with a guy I met on the net and sucked his cock one time to live the experience. One of my fetishes I developed over the years was wanting to eat a creampie in a MMF threeway. I would often read stories of people who engaged in group sex and I would fantasize of what it would be like to do something like that. I would often check out the ads on CL for couples looking for another man but I could tell most of the people that were placing ads were not my type of people as most were looking for super hung cocks or BBC's. 

I knew the only way I would want to do something like this is if I could build up relationship with a couple and gain some trust that they didn't have some sort of STD and that they were normal people – not some of the freaks you tend to find on the net. 

So one day I decided to place an ad on CL in the M4MW section and stated that I was looking for a mature couple who has fantasized about having a MMF threesome but was felt it was too hard to find a clean guy that was sane out there. I got a few responses in the first couple of days but I could tell they were either fake responses or not the type of people I would want to meet up with since they couldn't spell and typed stupid responses. Then about week later a guy sent me a note that looked promising. He and his wife were in their early 50's and recently became empty nesters and with the kids out of the house he and his wife were starting to open up more about their fantasies and sexual desires. 

He and his wife both had a fantasy of being with another man and would do role play at home acting out their fantasies but they were too conservative and nervous about actually going through with it and not sure if they would actually be brave enough to do it if they planned a meeting. So we started to email each other back and forth just to talk about our fantasies and get to know each other. They seemed like a very nice couple and were very much the types of people I was looking to meet. I then suggested we meet up for dinner at a restaurant just to break the ice and have a no-pressure meeting to get to know each other better and they agreed. So we agreed on a place and meeting time and I got there early and got a table. 

I wasn't sure what they looked like so I just told Steve to text me when he got there so I could get them to our table. Right on time I got the text from Steve and I saw them come through the front door and I waived them over. Steve and Michelle looked like very regular people. Steve was a bit shorter than me, had a few extra pounds and had gray hair. Michelle looked very nice for her age, was only about 5ft tall and pretty much had an average body. It was a bit awkward at first as it was strange to finally be talking face to face with people you met on the net but we ordered our meals while making some small talk.  

We mostly talked about our jobs and things we like to do for fun and as the night went on I could tell Steve and Michelle were really getting more comfortable with me and started to trust that I was for real and not just another flake from the net. Our evening came to an end after dinner and we departed at that point. 

ver the next few days Steve and Michelle started to send a lot of emails telling me they were really excited about meeting me and were interested in taking it to the next level. We shared our fantasies with each other – with mine being able to watch Steve fuck Michelle up close and him cum inside her so I could clean up the creampie. 

Steve's fantasy was to see his wife get fucked hard by another guy while he watched. Michelle's fantasy was to get DP'd – one in the mouth and one in the pussy from behind. So I could tell right then and there we were very compatible with each other and I knew I needed to make this happen. So I asked them if they wanted to meet one evening during the week so we could explore our fantasies and made it clear that if any of us felt uncomfortable at any time we would honor the rules and stop to ensure we didn't cause any trouble. 

Steve immediately responded and suggested I come to their place on a Tuesday evening for some drinks and will just see where things go from there.  I accepted and showed up at their place right on time. We sat in their living room and had some drinks and had some small talk for a while. After a couple of drinks Michelle then came and sat next to me on the couch and I put my arm around her to break the ice and she immediately placed her hand on my leg. We talked some more and I moved my hand to her leg and started to rub her thigh and she rubbed my thigh in return. I could tell Steve was getting excited seeing his wife getting fondled by me so all was working out just as planned. 

I then decided to take the bold step and asked them if they wanted to show me their bedroom and they both said they would love to. When we reached the bedroom I immediately took Michelle into my arms and started to kiss her and she eagerly kissed me back. I laid her on the bed and stated fondling her tits and pulled her very close to me as Steve watched. 

Steve started to undress and I pulled Michelle's shirt up exposing her small tits which were nice and round with very large nipples. I then took my tongue and gently licked each of her nipples of which she started to moan a bit with excitement. I looked over at Steve and he was totally nude at that point with a huge erection and he was stroking himself as he was watching his ultimate fantasy unfold before his eyes. I asked Steve "do you mind if I fuck your wife" and he said he would love for me to do it. I then reached under Michelle's skirt to feel her hot pussy and was surprised that Michelle has no panties on as my hand explored her freshly shaven pussy that was already drenched in wetness from her excitement. 

I pulled my clothes off as Michelle got rid of the remaining clothes she had on and I was ready to go to town on Michelle. I got on top of Michelle and started to kiss her tits with passion while my hand explored Michelle's wet cunt. I then moved down to her shaved cunt and admired the view for a moment before I took the tip of my tongue and grazed it across her clit of which she let out a faint moan. I then put my entire mouth on her cunt and ate Michelle very eagerly like I was a starving man. She was very worked up and I could tell she was getting ready to climax as I felt her thighs tighten and body tense up and then she let out a large series of moans and climaxed while my mouth was firmly planted on her pussy. 

When she was done I knew it was time for me to give Steve the moment he has been dreaming about for a long time. So I got into the missionary position with my cock sitting right at the entrance of Michelle's waiting cunt. I told Steve to come over and watch closely as his wife was getting penetrated and he came over and got up real close to see the sight. I took the head of my cock and rubbed it around the opening of her pussy as Steve was watching and I asked if he was ready and he said "Hell yes" and I then let my head slip into her hot slit and held it there a few seconds before sliding the rest of my cock all the way to the base. 

Michelle once again let out a moan and told me to fuck her like a wild man of which I then started to really abuse her pussy with long hard thrusts. Steve got behind me so he could watch my cock slide in and out of his wife's cunt which was driving him mad. I fucked her really hard for a while and I felt my orgasm start to build so I figured I better stop and rest a bit before I blow my load too early. I pulled out of Michelle and laid down on the bed and told Michelle to get on top of me in a 69 position and told Steve to enter her doggy style. I was laying immediately under Michelle's hot cunt and I saw Steve take his hard cock and slip it into her from behind. Wow what an awesome sight that was – ever better than I fantasized about. 

Steve got into a good rhythm fucking her from behind and I pulled Michelle's pussy closer to my face and I started to lick her clit as Steve slid in and out of her wet pussy. I was in heaven with me licking Michelle's clit while Steve was pumping his cock in and out of her pussy and Michelle sucking my cock at the same time. On a few occasions I would take my tongue and let it slide along Steve's shaft as he was pumping into her pussy allowing me to taste Michelle's pussy juice which was super hot and sweet. 

I could tell Steve was getting ready to blow his load as he started to slow down and his balls started to tense and he let out a loud grunt as I watched his cock pulsate as he blew his load into his wife. He sat there still for a few seconds with his cock buried deep inside of Michelle and I was getting my tongue and mouth ready for the event I have been dreaming about for a long long time. I placed my tongue and open mouth at the base of Steve's cock and he slowly slid out of her pussy and once he was out all the way a nice thick drop of hot cum dripped right into my waiting mouth. I held it there savoring it's robust taste. It was the first time I ever tasted another man's cum before but it was very similar to the taste of my own cum but a bit more on the salty side. 

I then placed my mouth in the opening of Michelle's hot cunt and started to lick and suck all of Steve's cum out of her pussy. She sat up directly onto my face and gravity worked real well as Steve's cum was flowing out of her pussy into my mouth. I was amazed at the volume but was loving every minute of it. I can certainly tell you for certain that the combined taste of hot cum with hot pussy juice makes for an awesome cocktail and I took pleasure in swallowing the entire amount. 

Once I was finished I sat up and asked Steve what he wanted me to do next and he told me to fuck his wife and cum inside her. So I put Michelle on all fours and pushed my cock deep inside her and started to fuck her very hard. Her pussy was incredibly wet and sloppy from Steve blowing his load in her earlier - this was my first sloppy seconds and I was loving the wet feeling around my cock. She was making a lot of noise as I slid my thick cock in and out of her and I could feel myself building to a huge climax. I told Steve I was getting ready to cum and he said "oh yes please fill her pussy with your cum". I slowed down as I felt very close to climax and I squeezed Michelle's ass tight as I felt the first shot of cum shoot into her cunt and followed by several powerful shots until I was finally complete. 

I collapsed onto Michelle as I was totally drained at that point and we both laid on the bed trying to catch our breath. This was by far more erotic and exciting than I ever thought it would be. We all got cleaned up and I left for the evening.

I have been in contact with Steve and Michelle since then as Steve sends me notes telling me of future things he wants me to do to his wife the next time we meet up. I am hoping we can meet up soon to have another night of sexual bliss!!