 Back in college, I met this one girl and we started to get to know each other fairly well in classes and in passing. She had a live-in boyfriend named Bruce, a guy in the drama club. After we'd known each other a couple months, she finally asked to stop by their place on Friday night and we'd have some beers.

I got there about 7 and she introduced me to Bruce and we sat around watching some tv and getting a little loose with the beers we were drinking. We all seemed pretty comfortable and were having a good time when we ran out of beer. Bruce said he'd run to the liquor store and grab a couple more six-packs and be back in about 15 minutes. I was getting quite the buzz and it wasn't long before Diane started talking about sex.

She asked what I enjoyed, to which I replied everything. She looked at me and said, "Oh really?" Then she asked me if I'd be interested in having sex with her. That was a no-brainer. She was cute and had a great body, but I had the feeling there was going to be a catch somewhere. I was about to hear it.

"How would you like to have sex with me and Bruce at the same time?" she asked.

That was a bit of mind blower and I thought about it for a while before deciding it might be fun, and told her so. She wasn't quite finished with the surprises though.

"I need to tell you though that Bruce is bi-sexual." She waited for my reply, leaning back in her chair, giving me a good look at her legs.

"Well, I'm game to play it by ear and see what happens. If I can't do it, no hard feelings?"

"No hard feeling." she said smiling. "I'll let you know when the time is right. Don't say anything to Bruce when he gets back till I talk to him."

It wasn't more than a minute before Bruce came through the door with the beer. He offered me one and put the rest in the refrigerator in the kitchen. Now and then, Diane would lean over and give him a deep kiss. He returned and we continued to BS about little things for another hour, and a few beers before he got up to go take a leak. Diane also got up and left the room.

After about ten minutes of no one coming back, I figured it must be time for me to leave and I was just about to get up and go when Diane came back in the room.

"Are you sure about this Jeff?" she asked.

"I don't know." I laughed a little nervously. "What's going on?"

"Bruce is in the bedroom and I'm going to go join him. If you want, give us about ten minutes and then come in and join us. If you decide against it, that's ok."

Diane kissed me, turned around and went down the hall and into the bedroom. I sat back down and considered all the options and tried to decide if I was really up to this. Maybe it was the beer, or the fact that I was super horney or a combination but in the end, I decided to give it a shot. The worst that could happen was that I'd not like it and leave. I watched the clock and listened to see if I could get some tell tale signs coming from the bedroom but couldn't hear a sound. Finally, after the ten minutes had passed, I got up and went down the hall.

It was pretty dark in the bedroom and it took me a minute for my eyes to get adjusted to the dark. Diane was lying naked on the bed with Bruce naked on the other side of her, kissing her while caressing her breasts. They didn't even seem to notice me in the room. I wasn't sure what to do next so I simply removed my clothes and slid onto the bed by Diane. I gently ran my fingers up her back as she moaned softly while she was kissing Bruce. Then I lied down beside her, taking in the scene in front of me and started to kiss the back of her shoulders.

Diane half rolled onto her back, giving me access so I could now caress her right breast while Bruce was caressing her other. I figured to just mirror what Bruce was doing for the time being and see where it led. Soon, she looked into my eyes and I kissed her deeply for the first time. She returned my kiss and reached down to my hard cock and started to stroke me. This was wild.

After kissing for a while, I noticed that Bruce was kissing and sucking on her breast so I moved down and started to kiss her other one, letting my hand slide down her body to her pussy. It was drenched. I continued going lower till I was able to gently lick her clit and taste her juices. While I was eating her, Bruce had moved to a position where Diane could suck his cock while I ate her. This was getting better and better as I was able to watch her giving a blow job while I ate her.

It was a little later when Bruce moved down and indicated we switch places. Soon, I was up getting a blowjob while he ate her pussy. I wanted to kiss Diane and play with her breast some more so I moved down and started kissing her. That went on for a short time before I felt a new sensation. Bruce had just taken my cock in his mouth and was sucking on me. Actually, he was doing a better job than Diane and I was surprised at first how good it felt. He must have sucked on me for about 5 minutes before moving back up. He entered Diane and slowly started to fuck her. I watched, and continued to get more and more turned on by what I was seeing. He finally stopped fucking her and slid his cock out and started kissing Diane's breast again.

Diane was breathing deeper now and she leaned over and whispered something in my ear. "Would you go down and suck Bruce for me?" At first I was shocked but after a few moments, I knew I'd do just about anything she asked of me. Slowly, I kissed my way down her body and started to eat her just fucked pussy. I knew Bruce hadn't cum yet so there was no problem with that yet. As I ate her, I could see his hard cock only inches away where he leaned up against her.

I slowly took his cock in my hand and started to stroke him while I continued to eat Diane. I still wasn't sure if I could go through with it. Feeling it throb and pulse in my hand, I finally decided to give it a try. I inserted a finger in Diane's pussy, continuing to play with her as I moved closer to Bruce's cock. I wasn't sure how to go about it so I just dove in and started to suck his cock. I could taste Diane on him and a little hint of a stronger taste as well. It wasn't as bad as I thought it might be. From above, I could her Diane whispering to Bruce.

"Is he sucking you?" she asked, her breathing getting faster. I couldn't hear what they were saying as they whispered to each other for quite some time but finally Diane said, "Oh shit that's hot." Then I felt her pussy tighten around my fingers and start to spasm as she came. That must have set Bruce off as well because at almost the same time I felt the first spurt of his cum shoot into my mouth. I was so engrossed in what was happening I just swallowed spurt after spurt. When he was done cumming, I moved up on the bed next to Diane and she told me to fuck her hard and cum inside deep her. Bruce had moved and Diane was sucking on his cock again, even though it hadn't started to get hard again.

I slid my cock deep inside her and started pumping for all I was worth. I was so turned on and I needed to cum so bad that it wasn't long before I felt her pussy contracting on my cock as she started to cum again. I started kissing Diane and she pulled Bruce's cock out of her mouth so we could both suck it at the same time. That was it for me. I started to pump shot after shot of cum into her pussy. I could feel her pussy milking my cock until it went soft and slid from her pussy. I felt my cum running out of her just before finally rolling off her and collapsing beside her. 

After catching my breath, I asked her what had made her cum so quickly and so hard while I was finger fucking her. I didn't say anything about the surprise Bruce gave me.

"I asked Bruce if you were sucking him and he said yes. That got me real close, but when he said he didn't think he could hold it and was going to cum in your mouth, I lost control. How did you like it?"

"Honestly?" I asked?

"Yes." She replied.

"It's the most mind blowing thing I've ever experienced."