 After the first blowjob, I felt very tired and warm and had a smile on my face, and I did as Bert asked and fell asleep totally naked. I don't remember anything until a few hours later, when I slowly woke up to a good feeling. 

Bert had crawled into my bed and was laying next to me, and he was touching my cock very lightly. He must have been doing it for a few minutes as I woke up, because I was completely hard by the time I realized what was happening. When he saw that I was awake, he asked how I liked being woken that way, and I told him it was fantastic!

We laid there like that in the dark for awhile, and he was running his fingers up and down my shaft lightly, asking how it felt, if I enjoyed the earlier bj, and things like that. I stayed hard the entire time, feeling his hands on my cock. After at least 30 minutes of talking, Bert moved slightly and my hand, which had been lying on my thigh, slid down, and I realized for the first time that he was nude. My hand was touching his thigh, and he moved slightly and my hand touched his cock....I didn't know what to do!

Bert kept touching me, talking, and I could feel his cock grow to semi-hard with my hand on top of it. After a few minutes, he reached down and lifted his cock into my hand, and all I could do was lay there feeling it twitch around. For what seemed like a long time, we talked, each touching the other's cock, even though I wasn't really touching his in the same way he was touching mine. At some point, he asked if I wanted another blowjob, and of course I said yes. He asked me to turn on the light so he could watch me cum, so I reached up and hit the switch. 

Bert moved down slightly, so that his head was at about my hip. He held my cock up, looking at me while he did, then he ran his tongue down my shaft and back up to the head. After all of the caressing he had done, I was pretty wound up, and I guess Bert could tell...he kept licking lightly, then stroking me some, then he would take the head of my cock in his mouth and slowly lower his head. It felt amazing, and I was breathing hard very quickly. He continued this for several minutes, then he stroked me while he sucked the head, and just as I was about to cum, he stopped and let my cock wave around, hard and slick and pulsing, while he looked at it and up at me. He would start again, sometimes with his hands, sometimes with his mouth, and sometimes just playing with my balls, but each time I started to get close to cumming, he would stop. He did this repeatedly, and each time I got closer to cumming before he stopped. Finally, he sucked it into his mouth, held the base firmly, and as I started to cum, he pulled off and let the first spurt of my cum shoot out. He continued to stroke me and lick the shaft as I kept cumming, then he let go of my cock and licked the cum from my shaft and stomach. It was a wonderful, much needed release. 

Once I calmed down, Bert sat up at the end of the bed, where I could see him, and he began to stroke his own cock. I couldn't help but watch, fascinated as he made himself hard , then continued until his cock was stiff, red, and full of veins. He kept going, telling me that sucking my cock got him aroused, and he wanted me to see him cum. I had never watched a guy jack off, but I couldn't look away, and it wasn't long before he began to tense up and shoot cum all over his hands, cock, and balls. He smiled as he toweled himself clean, then laid beside me and we eventually drifted to sleep. 

The next morning, I woke up first and headed to take a shower. When I returned to the room, Bert was sitting on the bed awake, and asked me if I felt better since I had finally let someone suck my cock. I told him that I did feel good, and he said he would be back after his shower. I decided to stay nude, and he came back in wrapped in a towel to find me sitting on the edge of the bed. As he came in, he stood beside the bed to dry off, and his cock was right there, and I couldn't help but look at it in the daylight. It was soft, but thick, and completely shaved. As I looked, I realized that I wanted to touch it, so I reached out and cupped it in my hand, surprising Bert (and myself) completely. He stopped drying off and dropped the towel, and moved a little closer to the bed. As he moved, I begin to hold his cock up, and I could feel it begin to get larger. I kept touching it, and it kept growing, until finally it was hard, and it looked much bigger in the daylight than I had realized the night before. He asked me to keep stroking it, so I began to move faster, and he began to breathe harder as I did. Within a few minutes, his hips began to sway a little, and then he stiffened up and I felt his cock twitch in my hand as cum shot out onto my shoulder and chest. Bert held onto the bed to steady himself as he came, and after what seemed like a long time, he was done shooting cum. 

He took his towel and wiped the cum off of me, then told me I did pretty good for an amateur. I was embarrassed, but glad that I could return the favor for him. We spent the next day nude almost the entire time, and I got many more blowjobs from Bert. As he prepared to return home, he asked if I would be interested in hanging out with he and his girlfriend, and without thinking I said sure. Bert gave me directions to his apartment, and asked me to come over for dinner two days later, when he and his girlfriend Tammy would be home. 

As I drove the hour to his place, I was unsure what I was getting into. I knew that I had enjoyed hanging out with Bert, but I had never met Tammy and had no idea what to expect, whether it would be just dinner, whether she knew about Bert sucking my cock, or anything. I decided to play it by ear and try to have a good time either way. 

After finding the apartment, I was nervous as I walked to the door. Bert answered, and welcomed me in and told me Tammy was looking forward to meeting me. As we rounded the corner from the entrance hall, I almost fell over when I saw Tammy. She was setting the table, wearing tight jeans and a white tanktop and she almost ran over to hug me. Tammy told me that Bert had told her a lot about me, and she was happy to have me visit. I was relieved right away, since I was usually nervous around women that looked as good as her. She was brunette, about 5'3, and had a very nice looking body, including a chest that I had trouble looking away from. 

Bert brought out beer for everyone, and we sat talking while Tammy finished making dinner. We moved to the table, and had a fantastic meal and several more beers. After dinner, we all moved to the living room, and I sat in a chair across from Bert and Tammy on the couch. We had a casual conversation for a while, and when we came to a pause, Tammy said " I understand you and Bert have had a lot of fun hanging out." I was taken aback and embarrassed, but Tammy kept talking and told me that Bert had come home and told her all about our fun together. Bert chimed in and told me that it got her very hot, and that made me feel more at ease. 

During this conversation, Bert was sitting beside Tammy with his arm around her. He had moved his hand up and I noticed that he was cupping her breast in his hand while he talked, and she seemed to be rubbing against him. Of course, I got hot seeing that, and it got even more hot when Bert suggested that we all get more comfortable by undressing. I was tentative at first, but once they started to disrobe, I joined in, and a few moments later we were all nude and sitting across from each other again. I couldn't stop staring at Tammy- she had a nice tan, with huge nipples that looked soo sexy with her sitting there. She was shaved, and overall had a great body. That got me hard right away, and seeing Bert sit there cupping her breasts in his hand made it even more sexy. 

Tammy had reached over to touch Bert's cock, and while she did, she told me that Bert had enjoyed giving me my first blowjob a lot, and that he had been talking about it ever since. She also said that he was right- I did have a nice cock, and she was glad I felt comfortable enough to get naked with them. She reassured me for a while, telling me that she was happy I came to visit and glad that we could hang out, then she suggested that she and Bert move to the couch where I was. I was a little surprised, but very happy with her suggestion, so I moved over to the edge of the couch to make room for them. When they walked over, she said "no, you ought to sit in the middle", so of course I did. 

Tammy was on one side, and Bert on the other, and I was extremely hard, nervous, and excited. She said she wanted to see both of our cocks, and she sat up and asked us both to hold them up for her. I looked at Bert, and he already had his cock in his hand, so I reached down and held mine up for her (even though I was so hard, I didn't really have to!). She told us they were both nice cocks, and she was lucky to see them at the same time. Then Tammy looked at Bert and asked if he was ready...and he nodded yes, then reached over to hold my cock. I was a little surprised, but it felt great, and I could tell Tammy liked what she was seeing. Bert held my cock and began to stroke it, then Tammy asked if I would touch him too....so I reached over and held his cock in my hand. When I turned around, Tammy was kneeling next to me watching, and she started holding my cock while he stroked it. It felt soo good, I couldn't hold out , and I started to shoot cum right away...no woman had ever touched my cock until then, and it was unbelievable to have two hands working on me at once. 

I came all over Bert and Tammy's hands, and shot cum onto my stomach too. I was embarrassed to cum so quick, but Bert and Tammy both reassured me and told me they understood, not to worry about it, and to just enjoy it. Bert kept stroking me after I came, while Tammy got a towel to clean me up with. After I calmed down some, Tammy looked at me and said "now, what do we do about Bert?"

That will have to be continued later.