 Author's note: This story is Part One of a five part series. It is intentionally slow to build, as it is important for the reader to understand the backgrounds and motivations of the main characters in order to fully appreciate the rest of the story.



I was only a few weeks away from celebrating my 40th birthday. As I suppose many people do at that point in their lives, I found myself reflecting upon what I had accomplished in my life, and what goals still lay ahead. My wife, Michelle, and I had already achieved most of the goals we had ever set for ourselves. We owned a nice house, raised three healthy and happy children, held two steady jobs and generated enough income to provide a decent lifestyle for our family. It seemed as though there were nothing left to do but hold on to what we had and play out the string until retirement. Looking back, I suppose it is that very realization that causes many people to experience a "mid-life crisis."

Michelle and I shared a very loving and healthy relationship, where honesty, communication and trust were the glue that held us together. In sixteen years of marriage, the only reason we ever argued was to reconcile our drastically different libidos. Simply put, my sexual appetite was drastically greater than hers. Of course, this is a very common problem for couples – especially those married for as long as we had been. For many years, we struggled to find a balance in our sex life that was acceptable to both of us. I tried everything I could imagine to introduce some variety and excitement into our love-making, but nothing seemed to have any effect on her sexual appetite.

Finally, after years of back-and-forth struggle, we seemingly reached an unspoken compromise where we settled into a pattern of having sex every third night. By adopting this regimen, she believed that I could no longer complain about not having sex often enough, as I was surely getting it more often than most husbands. While that was certainly true, frequency was only half the problem as far as I was concerned. The larger issue, in my mind, was that our sex life had become mundane and void of passion. This new every-third-day schedule only exacerbated that problem, as it robbed the act of all passion, spontaneity and excitement. Eventually, I grew weary of having my best efforts rejected, and I conceded defeat in our long battle.

Our 17th anniversary was only a couple months away, and yet we still hadn't booked our annual vacation. Years before, Michelle's parents were kind enough to offer to watch our children for a week during our anniversary to allow us to reconnect as a couple. Since I was about to celebrate a milestone birthday, Michelle mentioned that she wanted to combine these two celebrations and do something extra special that year. I had no idea how "special" until she came to me one night with a suspicious grin on her face. 

"I think I may have found a place," she said.

"Okay," I replied, hesitantly, "where are we going?"

She proceeded to describe a resort in Cancun, Mexico called Temptations. It is an all-inclusive resort that features two large pools, a beach area and several restaurants. Best of all, no children are allowed. 

To that point in her description, it seemed like any other resort in the Caribbean. But her smile grew even wider and she added that the resort is divided in half, with one half allowing topless sunbathing around the pool area. She waited for my reaction – and she received the one she wanted.

"Seriously?" was all I could manage to say. She just nodded her head and maintained her infectious smile with that cute dimple on her left cheek that melted my heart so many years before.

"So...you would sunbathe topless." It was more of a question than a statement. She nodded again.

"And you would be okay with strange men looking at you?"

Another nod. She was still smiling. This entire conversation was so out of character; I simply couldn't believe what I was hearing. While Michelle wasn't exactly a "prude," she was never very sexually adventurous, either. This idea was coming straight out of left field.

"I want to do something special for your birthday," she said, "and I know this is something you would really, really like!"

She looked so excited, and I couldn't help but feel excited, too. Her bright green eyes sparkled. But at the same time, I couldn't help but wonder whether I was being tested in some way. Did she want me to tell her I didn't want any strange men looking at her naked tits? In all honesty, the mere idea of it was making my dick hard for a reason I couldn't quite fathom.

Then a thought occurred to me. Many years ago, she caught me looking at a porn site, and she considered it as a personal insult. She believed I was looking at that site because I thought the women in the videos were more attractive than her, and that she wasn't enough for me. In actuality, I was looking because I'm a guy, and that's what guys do. I needed a sexual release, and I knew she wouldn't do it for me, so I was getting myself excited so that I could do it myself. I thought I was doing her a favor. I found it hard to believe that she was suddenly okay with the idea of me looking at other half-naked women.

"And, just so we're clear, you'd be okay with me looking at other women's naked tits?"

Again, she nodded her head, wearing that same playful smile.

"Let's sleep on it," I said, and she looked a little disappointed, as if she expected me to jump on this opportunity. I was so skeptical about her motives that I felt we should allow some time to let this idea percolate.

The next day was a Saturday, and she had a rare day off from work. I awoke to the sensation of her soft hair pressed upon my chest and gentle kisses on my neck. I barely had a chance to open my eyes when she spoke.

"So...have you thought about it?" she asked. Even in my half-awake state of confusion, I realized that her suggestion from the night before wasn't just some passing phase or a test of my character. She was actually serious. Before I had a chance to respond, I felt her soft, warm hand grasp my rigid morning wood under our blanket. She squeezed it tight, loosened her grip, and then squeezed again. I could not recall the last time we had sex in the daylight – never mind in the morning.

While still gripping my cock, she began kissing my chest, and then my abs, and eventually worked her way down to my cock. She gave it a soft kiss and then wrapped her lips around my head and slowly took it into her mouth. She slid her mouth halfway down my shaft, and then up toward my head, and continued that bobbing motion in slow motion while the fingernails of her right hand tickled my balls. Although it had only been two days since our last sexual encounter, the excitement of having spontaneous morning sex put me on the edge of an orgasm quickly. I gave her my usual warning signal, tapping her on the back, and she withdrew and jerked me off onto my belly.

"What was that all about?" I asked, as she continued to playfully stroke my softening dick.

"I just felt like it," she said with a dirty smile. "I can't stop thinking about going to that resort."

She continued to be unusually flirty with me throughout that day, giving me spontaneous hugs and kisses, and allowing me to fondle her ass. It was such unusual behavior that I couldn't help but wonder what had come over her. At the same time, however, I wasn't about to question it.

"Let's do it," I finally told her, later that day. "Book it."

Her eyes widened, and she smiled. "Awesome! Consider it done!"

That night, after the kids went to bed, we lay on the couch watching TV. I was sitting at the end of the couch, and she was lying on her back with her head propped up on a pillow against me. At some point in our program, without warning, she lifted her shirt, took my hand, and placed it on one of her tits. She never wore a bra at night, and her firm, natural, C-cup breasts felt soft and warm to my touch. Her large nipples were rigid, as if she had just walked in from the cold.

Normally, she wouldn't let me touch her tits, as she always told me they were too sensitive. I found this rare opportunity to be an incredibly thrilling surprise. I continued to rub, squeeze and massage her tits, and she interrupted me to remove her shirt completely over her head. Her beautiful, shapely tits were now fully exposed for me to play with.

"What's this all about?" I asked.

"Well," she replied. "I figure I'm going to be topless soon, so I'd better get used to it, right?"

While I savored this rare opportunity, she reached down and her hand disappeared under the fabric of her pajama pants. Her eyes closed, her mouth opened, and her chest began to heave with each breath.

She flipped over onto her belly, reached into my lap and fished my dick out of my pajama pants. I was already rock-hard from playing with her tits, and she put it right in her mouth. I have always thought that she is an incredibly talented cocksucker. Granted, we had married young, and I hadn't had a lot of experience with other women, but I couldn't imagine anyone doing a better job. She had a wonderful technique for using her tongue and mouth, and she seemed to have total control of when and how powerful my orgasm would be. She took great delight in keeping me on the edge of an orgasm for an extended time, and the fact that she really enjoyed sucking cock only added to the pleasure.

I needed to fuck her, so I pulled her head away and positioned her so that she kneeled on the floor with her head on our couch. I yanked down her pants and panties, approached her from behind, and easily slid my cock inside her, eliciting a sexy moan. I hadn't felt her so excited and wet in quite some time. I tried to take it slow, but I couldn't hold out for long. I thrust into her hard and fast until I exploded. At the same time, her body tensed and shook, and she had an orgasm herself. This was surprising, since it usually took her longer to reach that point.

She had to go to work early the next day, so she quickly gathered her clothes and kissed me good-night. As she turned the corner to head upstairs, she mentioned, almost as an afterthought, "By the way, I was looking at another resort in Cancun. It's called Desire. Why don't you Google it, and let me know what you think?"

She disappeared, leaving me for the night. I was curious why she was looking at any other resorts when she was clearly very excited about Temptations. Of course, I instantly Googled Desire resort in Cancun. As shocking as her initial suggestion had been, I wasn't remotely prepared for what I was about to learn.

Desire is a clothing-optional resort – meaning, guests walk around completely naked. I had barely wrapped my head around the idea of Michelle being seen topless, and now she was considering being completely naked in front of others? Not only that, but I would have to be naked as well, and I wasn't sure how I felt about that. I took pride in my body, watched what I ate, and worked out regularly. And while I wasn't exactly "hung", I didn't have any reason to be ashamed in that department. But I had never been naked in front of strangers before, and had never even considered such a wild notion.

As I continued my research, I discovered that this resort features a large pool and a beach area where guests lounge around completely naked throughout the day. I tried to wrap my head around what it must be like to see so many naked people all in one place. I imagined how amazing it would be for me and Michelle to lie on a beach bed with a white canopy overhead, with the ocean waves rolling in just a few yards below our feet, lying completely naked next to each other and simply enjoying each other's company.

I learned that open displays of sexual contact are not permitted anywhere at the resort with the exceptions of two areas: the hot tub and something called the "playroom." The hot tub is located on the rooftop of one of the buildings overlooking the pool. It is large enough to hold 30 people, and there are beds lining the perimeter of the hot tub area where couples are allowed to have sex in full view of everyone. The "playroom" is a small room at the back end of the resort's disco, which features beds and mats where couples may have sex – again, in full view of the others in the room.

My mind was a whirlwind of confusion, excitement, anxiety and incredulousness. I desperately wanted to wake up Michelle to answer all the questions I had, but I knew she only had a few hours until she had to leave for work. Was she seriously proposing that we watch other people have sex? Although I would find it incredibly exciting, I found it impossible to believe that my sexually-reserved wife would ever, in a million years, consider such a thing. She didn't like watching pornography – and this would be LIVE pornography!

Another question entered the tornado of thoughts swirling around in my head. Would she consider actually having sex in front of other people? Again, I found this idea incredibly arousing, but there was no way she would ever consider such a thing. Would she?

I continued to read everything I could about this resort, and found a forum created for guests to discuss the resort, write detailed trip reports, and answer questions from "newbies" like me. I quickly created a user ID and began pouring through the trip reports and other posts. It didn't take long to discover that this resort is frequented by "swingers." Up to that point, I thought that swinging had died in the 1970's. I had no idea that people still did such a thing.

My worldview had been shattered. Swingers not only still existed, but judging from the posts I read on the message board, they were having an amazing experience at Desire resort. Not all of the guests at the resort are swingers, according to what I read. Many visit Desire simply to enjoy the experience of being naked and others enjoy having sex with their partners and watching others have sex. I also read several posts from people who went to Desire to merely watch or be watched, but ended up having sex with others. Surely, I thought, Michelle wasn't proposing that we become swingers.

I didn't sleep at all that night, as adrenaline coursed through my veins. I stood next to our bed and counted down the seconds until Michelle's alarm would sound. As soon as it did, I confronted her.

"I Googled Desire," I said as she awoke, groggy and disoriented. "Do you know that it's a naked resort?"

She rubbed her eyes and slowly rose to her feet. "Umm...yeah."

"Okay, and do you know what people do there?"

She stretched, and then smiled. "Let's talk about this later."

She brushed past me on the way to the bathroom, and I heard the shower begin running.

"I want to talk about this now," I said as I came through the door. She was standing, naked, and I began to imagine how exciting it would be to see her naked body all day, every day, for an entire week. At age 41, she still had an amazingly firm and petite figure. Her ample tits were perfectly symmetrical with her full, round hips. Her ass was firm and round, and her legs were smooth and shapely. She even had the cutest little feet.

"Later," she repeated, and gave me another sexy smile. "Go to bed."

It seemed as if an eternity had passed before I heard our garage door open that afternoon, heralding Michelle's arrival. I wasted no time getting right to the point.

"You seriously want to be naked in front of strangers?"

"I'm thinking about it," she said, evidently loving every minute of the rise she was getting out of me.

"And I'm supposed to be naked, too?"

"You don't have to be. It's clothing-optional." She could be such a wise-ass sometimes.

"Do you know what happens there? People have sex, right out in the open."

"You wouldn't like that?"

Who was this woman? Of course I would like that! I just never would have imagined, in a million years, that she would ever agree to such a thing.

"Tell me you wouldn't love it," she repeated.

"So you would have sex with me...in front of other people?"

She thought about it for a moment, as if she hadn't even considered it.

"Sure, why not? It's not like we know any of them."

I just shook my head and stared at her in disbelief. After nearly seventeen years of marriage, I thought I knew everything there was to know about this woman.

"It'll be your 40th birthday," she continued while I attempted to pick up my jaw from the floor. "I know that you've always wanted to do something exciting, sexually, and I feel bad about depriving you from that excitement for so long. We're still young and good-looking. How much longer will we have to do something like this?"

"You talk about us like we're getting old or something!"

"Well..." And there was that dimple again.

"Do you know that swingers go to that resort?" I asked.

"I think I read something about that, yes."

"And you're okay with that?" I paused for a moment, because there was a strange look on her face, as if she knew something I didn't know.

"Wait," I added, "you aren't thinking of becoming swingers. Right?"

She wrapped her arms around my shoulders and leaned in close to me.

"Remember a few years ago, you wanted to exchange sexual fantasies?"

I nodded, unsure of where this conversation was heading.

"You told me that you wanted to have a threesome at some point before you die."

"Yeah," I answered, "and you told me that would happen over your dead body!"

"I know," she said, "but I was hurt. I thought that you were saying that I wasn't enough for you or something. But I thought about it, and that's something on your bucket list. And this birthday is a milestone. I think we should do something special. Something outrageous and fun. While we still can."

As I weighed those words, she kissed me softly and caressed the back of my head with her fingernails. This whole conversation was so surreal, I couldn't help but question whether I was dreaming.

"So you're saying that we can have a threesome," I said. "You, me, and some other woman."

"If the situation presents itself...I think I'd be okay with that."

"You would be okay with another woman touching my dick?"

She let the thought turn in her head for a moment, and that sexy dimple appeared once again on her left cheek.

"I think that would be really hot, actually."

"Would you be okay with some other woman jerking me off?"

"Sure."

"Sucking my cock?"

"Mmm...yeah."

"What about fucking?"

"Hmm...", she said, pausing once again as if this were the first time she had ever considered such a thing. "Yes, I would be okay with that, too."

This woman, who I had known for nearly half my life, had just become a complete stranger to me.

For the next several days, we spent countless hours huddled together, whispering questions and answers. In that time, we discovered fantasies that we never knew we had, and were shocked to discover just how many lines we were both willing to cross in terms of allowing sexual contact with other people. We trusted each other so implicitly, and had so much faith in our love for each other, that we knew our bond could never be broken regardless of what we did with others. As long as we were open and honest about our feelings, and were fully aware of what each of us was doing, it seemed as though there were no boundaries that we were too uncomfortable to cross.

Through these conversations, I learned a great deal about myself as well. I had always enjoyed watching porn videos of men sharing their wives, but it never occurred to me that I could ever do such a thing. Certainly, at one point in my life, I would have been far too insecure and jealous to ever feel comfortable with another man looking lustfully at my wife – never mind having sex with her. But now that I was older and wiser, I realized that I was extremely confident in the love my wife felt toward me, and that nothing would ever change that fact. I was also shocked to discover that the idea of her having sex with another man was an incredible turn-on.
