 I am Frank Stokes, 64 years old, retired from an executive position in a large corporation. My wife of 35 years passed away 3 years ago.

I live in Brentwood, a golfing community, in the Atlanta area. There are three 18 hole golf courses. One easy course, one a little more difficult and the third, for experts, more difficult. Lots of sand traps, water and longer. I play the middle course. weather permitting, week days, and sometimes on Sunday. I try to stay off the course on week ends, too many players and play is slow. I always ride a cart and like to play fast. Hate to be held up on the tees and greens. It has a large club house and an excellent 19th hole. For those of you who don't know golf, the 19 hole is the bar. Food and drinks available, Also have a large beautiful dining room, which serves great food. Also a large room, used for special occasions, wedding receptions, Saturday night dances etc. The homes are all large, four and five bedrooms, four and 5 baths, three car garages, on lots of a minimum of a half acre. 

I play golf on the middle course, and as I said, use a golf cart. I take a walk in our development almost every afternoon. It is pleasant walking, large well kept homes, beautiful lawns, trees, etc. 

Yesterday, Sunday was a beautiful spring day, in Atlanta, In the mid 70's, bright sunshine, made you feel great. As I said, I usually don't play on Sunday's, but my grandson, 2nd, wanted to beat grandpa, so I player with him and two of his buddies. He beat me, ah youth. . 

Took my daily afternoon walk, I was sitting on my porch in the sun, eyes closed, absorbing some sun, reclined on a lounge chair. About 50 feet away, on the road I heard someone walking. I opened my eyes, and said hello, I always do when someone walks by. I saw a beauty, guessed in her late 30's, looking to see where the hello come from. I stood up, and said hello again, she hello'd back and walked toward where I was standing. She stopped half way into the drive. Opps, she was probably in her late 40's. Even in her sweats I could see a desirable woman, a drop dead smile and a very sexy voice. We talked, as we talked she approached closer and closer until she was just across the porch railing. God, was she an attractive woman! I knew that under those sweats there was a great body. I could feel desire and stirrings downstairs. I was still in my sweats. 

We talked, The beautiful spring day, how long have you lived in Brentwood? Are you a member of the Club? Do you play golf? Ever eat at the club? Married? Did I like my Escalade? Where she lived in the development, did she work? What did her husband do? We learned a lot about each other in a very short time. I said my name was Frank Wilson but most people called me Frankie, I have lived alone for three years since my wife died. Said her name was Mary Johnson, She told me she lived at the house near the entrance to the development, the house where the yellow Corvette Convertible is in the driveway. .

Her husbands name is Wallace, he is a mechanical engineer. Everyone calls him Wally. He left 2 weeks ago for a 4 month stay in Japan. His company was having machinery built there and he had to be there to oversee the building and testing. I thought to myself, 4 months, he has been gone 2 weeks, maybe she is ready for a good fucking. I know I would surely enjoy sex with this beautiful lady. 

She could see that I was in deep thought and said, "A penny for your thoughts". 

I told her she may not want to know what I'm was thinking, and she tilted her head back and laughed.

I started having thoughts of sex with this beautiful woman. I was still able to achieve stiff erections and I know I am very skillful at how to please a woman. A few of the widow women at the club would attest to my skills, specially my oral skills. I love to kiss, lick and suck pussy. If the woman I was "eating" was particularly attractive, great body, shaved and trim pussy, and she was vocal, while I performed my magic, many times I'd climax when she did. I don't know if other men ever do that. I love to see a woman enjoying my licking, sucking and tongue fucking.. 

I was getting more aroused as we talked. She continued, she loved to work in her yard, and I said that I didn't care much for yard work. I joked, that she could come here any time she wanted to and work. We both laughed. 

As she was leaving, she said, "Remember, call me if you need anything." All kinds of thoughts raced through my mind. "Do you suppose she meant more than yard work, with "Call me if you need anything?"

That night and all the next day I fantasized about her, about kissing, licking, sucking, giving her one of my famous full body massages. Sucking and licking her beautiful breasts and working her clit sucking and tongue fucking till she climaxed. I was so aroused I got the vibrator, not the penis type, called a wand, I think.

I fantasized about Mary, what I'd like to do to her. I ejaculated with a gigantic climax. 

God, how I desired her. 

Whenever I left the development, 4 times later on Sunday and I forger how many times yesterday, I drove slowly past her house hoping she was would be out.

Christ, I hadn't done this since I was a teenager. It isn't the shortest distance from my home out of the development. I just wanted to see her again

TUESDAY

Today, as I was walking, I turned a corner and heard steps behind me. It was Mary. She walks faster than I do and she quickly caught up. 

"Hello Frankie, I was hoping I'd see you again today. That is why I walked up this way. I walked past your place 3 times yesterday, your Escalade wasn't there."

"What tine of day was that?"

"Sometime around 3."

"Damn, sorry I missed you, I went to the bank to get some cash, my pocket money was getting low"

Phew, do you suppose she really meant it, when she said anything you want, just ask? Could I be this lucky, her husband is away and will be gone 3 ½ months longer and it seems this gorgeous lady wants me. I sure do want her. 

We talked as we walked, "What I did to pass away time."

I told her about my golfing mornings, and that I had just started writing, that I had always wanted to write, but could never think of plots for a story. 

"Stories" "What kind of stories do you write?"

"A friend emailed me a site on the internet that has thousands of erotic stories. All by amateur writers, I suspect some are professional, though, because some are very well written." 

"May I talk freely, without your taking offence."

"Go right ahead, you won't embarrass me. My husband gave me some instructions before he left and I think you will do." 

"Instructions, Mary, what do you mean, I'll do?"

"I'll fill you in later, Frankie boy. "

"I spent hours reading stories. I was sexually aroused by a lot of them. I found most of the stories good, some were great and some were really bad." 

"What makes them bad?" 

"They start a story, a couple meets she grabs his cock, , zips his zipper, takes it out and gives him a blow job, he undresses her, her juices are flowing and he has a rock hard erection again, they have maddening sex and the story is over in five paragraphs. No foreplay, kissing, or affection." 

" God, Mary, I have not known you long enough to talk like this, I hope I didn't embarrass you." 

"No, Frankie, I agree with you. Sex should never be, wham bang, thank you madam, as the joke goes."

"Mary, after reading a bunch of the stories, I told myself, hell, I can do that. Write stories, I mean." 

"Do you have a computer? If you are interested in looking at the site, I'll email you the site's address. But that might not be a good idea, with your husband away for 3 ½ more months.

"Remember, I said a while ago, my husband gave me instructions before he left, and yes, by God, I think, no by God, I know you'll do!"

"What the hell are you talking about?" "I'll do"

"Later Frankie, I'll explain, but for now you are the one." 

I couldn't figure out you're the one. 

She said had spent a lot of time on her computer, playing games, shopping on line, writing emails, but she never thought to look for stories. 

"I'd really love to take a look at that site. I'll let you know what I think."

She told me her email address, it was short, I didn't need to write it down, Didn't have anything to write with anyway. I could remember it.

She wanted to know if she could read one of my stories. I explained that I had just completed the first one, and had four others going. I would wake up to go the boys room at two or three get back in bed and dialog would flow through my mind. 

"While I was writing the one I just finished, I got an idea for the second, which is almost finished. Then for a third and ideas for a fourth." 

"PLEASE, Frankie, you have to let me read it."

"I'd like you to read the finished one. I need to correct some tenses, quotation marks, in the, he said, she said. That's the trouble with writing dialog, quotation marks. I haven't written anything since college. I had an English composition class that was required to graduate."

"Mostly I wrote about my military experiences. I was a pilot and had a lot of interesting experiences I wrote about. I was older than most of the students and the instructor was about my age, she and I got along great." "My stories may not have been worth A's, but that is what I got on all of them." 

"Mary, you know, telling you about college, writing stories, gives me a whole lot of ideas for some more good erotic stuff. Damn, when will I have time to write all the stuff that is zooming in my head." 

"Anyway, let's get back to now, The one story I have finished is rather long. I couldn't stop, once I got started. I was going to submit it to the site and see if it is acceptable. I think it is pretty good, but I need someone else's opinion."

"I'd love to read it, I'd be happy to give you my honest opinion. If you don't get angry, I'd suggest corrections, but only if acceptable to you. Only if you want me to. I minored in English in college."

I told her that the story was fictional and it was sexually explicit, and wishful thinking. She might become aroused when reading it and I sure was aroused writing it. 

"No problem, you'll be available won't you? PLEASE email it to me". 

"Read my first story, and when I get the second, which is almost finished, I'll want you to read it.". 

She laughed, I could see her beautiful teeth. White as snow, all straight, perfect and I very lightly touched her teeth, commented how beautiful her teeth were. 

She laughed again and said, "They are real, all mine. Daddy spent a small fortune on orthodontists while I was growing up, so my teeth would be perfect. Those ugly braces, for so long a time. The dentist just wasn't satisfied, he kept saying. "If I wanted them to be perfect it would be just a little while longer". I wanted the braces to be removed, I said my teeth looked perfect to me. I guess he was still making payments on his Mercedes."

"But I'm glad he did make me wait.. I have been told before they are too perfect to be real. I can assure you they are mine. See if you can remove them". 

Well, I laughed hilariously and said, "Mary, you are a real turn on, love your sense of humor." 

"Just what did you mean Sunday when you said "To call you if I wanted anything?". 

"Yes, I liked you immediately. I wanted you to call, but failed to give you my phone number. Email me the story. If after I read your story and I need some help, would you help me?" 

"You know my husband isn't here to relieve me. Course I have a vibrator and a dildo, but they don't replace a stiff cock."

God, how I desired this woman. Great personality, Great figure, beautiful, and not inhibited. I squeezed her hand while we were walking, and assured her that I would be delighted, more than happy to help.

"I saw you drive by my house twice yesterday."

"Maybe I drove by 7 or 8 times in the past two days, I find you exciting and I wanted to see if there was any way we could meet again. If I had seen you, I would have stopped and said hello. Take you up on that if I need anything call"

"I know what you have in mind and I do too, I'm sure we are going to be great. Wally is going to be gone for four months, he knows how much I enjoy sex, giving and taking, if I wanted to have discrete sex, while he away, to do it. His only stipulation was, "With an older man, single or widowed, you fit that, Not a bar pickup, we didn't meet in a bar, someone with whom I must become acquainted, before any sex, we are doing that now, someone that won't hurt me. I know you won't. Feel comfortable with him, before you do anything. I feel like I have known you for a long time. As I said twice before, you meet all of his conditions. I know you are someone of whom he'd approve."

I think she saw the bulge in my sweats. Smiling and looking down at my half hard peter.

"Frankie, I see that and I'll take care of that soon."

Christ, I couldn't believe this beautiful woman. I didn't know how much talking I could stand. My pecker was just getting harder with her frankness. I had not realized we were slowly approaching her house, I thought, God is this going to happen now?. 

Her house was back from the road and had a long circular driveway in the front.

"Frankie, come on in for a cold iced tea, soda or a beer."

Again that stirring in my cock. She saw it and flicked her index finger at it and told me to be patient. 

We entered her cool home, and I noticed it was beautifully decorated, clean as a pin and had sprayed some type of aerosol that had a most pleasing odor. We drank our tea and talked a while.

"Frankie, please be an angel and go home and email me the story. I can't wait to read it. See if it has the right stuff to excite me."

She kissed me hard on the lips and jammed her tongue all the way onto my mouth. My prick was almost at full staff,

"Wait an hour and come back, I want to read the story. Get out of these sweats and shower and dress into something comfortable." 

I walked hurriedly back home, typed the email address in the "To" and accessed Word, found the story and copied it and pasted it into the email and hit the send. I was thinking about how this had all happened with a simple hello. 

I shaved, showered, applied my Aqua Silva Cologne, put on my favorite slacks and shirt, and I still had 15 minutes to wait. I had an instant thought. If this goes as I think it is going to go, I'd better take the warming oil with me. It is super wonderful for foreplay and for slicking up the pussy and vagina. Makes it super for anal sex. Time goes slow when you are watching it. Finally, 5 minutes before the hour was up, I got in the Escalade and drove to her house, entered the driveway and parked ¾ the way around the drive, car not visible from the road. I did not want people seeing my Cad in her driveway. 

I walked up to the door, didn't have a chance to ring the bell, she opened it before I could push it. She wore a dress that looked like silk with spaghetti straps; its tightness and the fitting of her bra presented the outline of her breasts and I guessed 34D's. Perfect 

"You Devil you, Frankie", "Are you sure that was your first story? It is well done. and my, the sex, I wanted to have you here in me as I was reading. My pussy, if I may say that, was getting wet while reading. Now that you are here you can fuck me and I will fuck you. I love to kiss and suck peter and I hope you will recuperate."

"I think I am an expert at eating pussy and with your beauty and body I am going to really enjoy it! 

"You read the story, that's the way I like to have sex, build up to it, slow and easy, I want this to be a great experience. "

"I'm so hot I want to get in bed and screw NOW, But if you insist, let's have a glass of wine on the back porch and sip wine and kiss and you can finger fuck me and talk and have that as our foreplay and then fuck, screw, suck and lick. Frankie I am ready now. Been 2 weeks without a good fuck, and I am ready for a good one. I'm horny and ready NOW!".

She reached down and felt my cock, "She said," Frankie boy you don't need any foreplay either, lets go to bed"

We sat on the wicker couch, Small talk for a very short time, I moved my hand lightly up and down on the outside of her dress rubbing her pussy. I could feel she had no panties on. I slipped off the couch and sat on the floor in front of the couch. I slowly started to feel and tickle her thighs, found her pussy, she was already very wet, I spread her pussy, softly blowing. Then kissing it, put my finger into her wet pussy and softly rubbed her clit, withdrew my finger and put my mouth fully on her pussy, sucking licking and thrusting my tongue in and out of her delicious cunt. She opened wide and I started tongue fucking her. Tongue all the way in and out, in and out. She was purring, good good great OH that's IT! I knew she was as aroused as she would ever be. 

"Frankie please I am ready, I want that beautiful peter filling my pussy, NOW, enough of that foreplay crap. I AM READY"

That was it, I'd had enough, I knew Mr. Peter couldn't get any harder. I was ready. I knew she was. I just knew this was going to be great.

"Frankie if you don't fuck me now good and proper I will get my dildo and vibrator and do myself."

Well that was it, no dildo or vibrator was going to cheat me out of having half of this good fucking. If she used them, she would have her orgasm, but not the vibrator or dildo, I wanted that half of the session for me, not them. 

I put my arms around her and hugged her close. Picked her up, carrying her into the bedroom, face to face, 

"You're beautiful". I whispered, 

As I carried her, I licked her ear lobe lightly. I could feel her squirm a little and I asked if she didn't like it, and she said, "Oh God yessss," my ears are very sensual, even feels good to me when I touch them to put earrings on" 

I then gently licked her ear lobes, Holding her in my arms, licking and putting my tongue in her ear and walking to the bed room. 

"Good God, Frankie, I have never had that done, it is so exciting, my juices are flowing, I am so wet, I am ready for you NOW!. And damn it don't be so slow, I'm READY I WANT YOU TO FUCK ME NOW HARD, NOW!. 

She said reading my story had aroused her so much that she didn't need any foreplay. She was ready for Frankie.

In the story, I emailed her, foreplay is strongly recommended before all sex. 

She said," I just showered and now my pussy is wet again. Am I going to have to wait as long as Susan did in your story before you fuck me? We are both squeaky clean, showered and perfumed. Let's screw. NOW."

I love it when a woman gets this excited, the sex is just phenonominal. 

'Let's undress quickly, please. ."

I disrobed her and she me. Her figure was overwhelming, and in no time at all my Freddie was so hard I could have hammered nails with it. 

We were standing, I placed my arms around her and told her, "You even are more beautiful naked." We kissed, and she got on the bed and pulled me on to her. "I told you 

I've waited long enough, FUCK ME, PLEASEEEEEEE."

I straddled her and inserted Freddy into her hot slippery pussy, no lubricant needed here. I rubbed my stiff cock around her pussy, using her juices to lubricate it for easy penetration. She was so juicy, my cock as slippery as if I had used oil. Even thought she had a tight pussy, it slipped in easily. She was so anxious, her hips and beautiful ass were 6 inches off the mattress raised to meet me. . 

" OH FREDDIE ALL THE WAY DON"T TEASE, all the way, let me feel it deep, YES, YES, move up and let that lovely cock rub my clit, YES that's it KEEP ROCKING."

I was so hot I felt that I would cum too quickly. I sunk my hard shaft deep. I feared I would cum too fast and not let that beautiful sexy woman climax. I pressed my cock in deep, balls against her "Taint" ( Tain't pussy, Tain't ass hole, the space between, is Taint) letting my approaching orgasm subside. 
