 Jill Mullen sat in silence as the standing passengers in front of her swayed with the motion of the train. She hated Friday commutes because everybody was trying to get home at the same time to start their weekends. 

She knew from experience by the time she got to her stop, she'd be the only one left on the train. When the last passenger walked off at the stop before hers, she always glanced around to see if there were any interesting things left behind. She always found something interesting, and today was no exception. 

As the train started again, she stood and walked up toward the front of the car. Something lying in one of the seats caught her eye. It was a magazine, and the ad on the back is what caught her by surprise. Everything around Christmas and New Year's was printed in the colors of the season, and this ad was no exception. The letters were bright green on a red and white spiraled background that made the letters look like a flashing neon sign. 

RING IN THE NEW YEAR WITH A BANG AND JOIN US FOR THE ANNUAL FIRST COME PARTY! 

Jill sat down next to the seat with the magazine and stared at the ad for a moment before picking up the magazine. She turned it over and read the title, "Swingers Connection." She thumbed through it and saw a bunch of personal ads of singles and couples apparently looking for others to hook up with for swinging. She felt her cheeks redden as she read one of the ads. 

"SWF and boyfriend looking for other couples to share in our exploration of our bodies. Must be young, sexy, beautiful and experienced swingers, and not be afraid to have every part of your bodies explored. No newbies please." 

There was a photo of the SWF and her boyfriend beside the ad. The girl's hand was around his hard cock, and his hand was buried between her legs. There was a voice mailbox number to call to leave a message. 

There were pages full of these ads, with a few articles on the swinging lifestyle, but the ad on the back cover is what she was interested in the most. She started to read the fine print in the ad. 

"For this year's New Year's party, we'll be trying something new. We've booked a private ballroom, and we'll be serving a gourmet meal with some hot entertainment to get things going throughout the night. For this party, only couples will be allowed, so if you're a single be sure to hook up with someone for this event!" 

Jill kept reading and was getting more intrigued with every word, not to mention aroused. 

"Each couple will have their own table and dedicated wait staff, and the event will be emceed by our very own Swing Master and Mistress, the two editors of Swingers Connection. You'll enjoy the entertainment and will be welcomed to be part of it if you're so inclined. We're sure the final event of the evening will leave everyone breathless!" 

The ad went on to list a website where more details could be found and where you could register for the party. It was pricey, though, at $750 per couple. She rolled the magazine up and slipped it into her bag. She needed to think about whether to show it to Woody or not, but the images in the ads and the thoughts about what the entertainment might be made the butterflies in her belly flutter. 

************* 

Woody had gone to bed by the time she got home, and she had spent the better part of an hour re-reading the ad for the New Year's party and checking out more of the personal ads inside. She was getting turned on by the pictures and the descriptions of what these people wanted to do with other couples and groups of couples. She'd heard of swinging before, and she'd fantasized about it when she was a younger woman. But raising twins hadn't left much time for anything other than good old fashioned, pedestrian, married sex, worked in when the girls were at a friend's house or were sound asleep in the wee hours of the night. 

Their girls were born when she was only nineteen, and her parents had forced Woody to marry her. She was a virgin when they had sex for the first time, and Woody thought some extra lube would lessen the pain when he popped her cherry. The only problem was he used petroleum jelly as lube. He came inside her, and when he pulled out, he saw the condom was melted and his cum was oozing out of her. She jumped in the shower in a panic and tried to rinse it all from inside her, but it was too late. She had a friend buy a pregnancy test kit a few days later, and that confirmed it. Knocked-up and nineteen. Her parents demanded Woody marry her, and he did. The twins were grown now and away at college and she and Woody were young empty-nesters. 

And now she had this magazine in her hands, and was thinking about showing it to Woody in the morning. He had tried on so many occasions since the girls left for school to get her to loosen up and have more fun when they made love, but old habits are hard to break sometimes. All the stifled moans of ecstasy, the face-in-the-pillow-we-can't-let-the-girls-hear our orgasms, her hand over Woody's mouth to silence his groans as he emptied his seed in her so many times over the years. Maybe finding this magazine was fate telling her to loosen up, to enjoy her sexuality. She still had a great figure, and though Woody's six-pack abs were smoother, he still had a sexy body. 

She yawned, and decided she was going to show him tomorrow. If nothing else, it would tell him she was trying to get more adventurous, even if he didn't want to go. After all, $750 is a lot of money. She rolled up the magazine and put it back in her bag and went to bed. 

************* 

Jill awoke the next morning to the smell of coffee and burnt toast. She got out of bed, stretched, put on her robe and walked downstairs to the kitchen. Woody was sipping coffee and finishing his toast when she walked in and kissed him on the cheek. 

"Morning, sleepy head," he said. "What time did you get home last night?" 

"It was about nine, I guess," Jill said as she grabbed a mug and filled it with coffee. "Lots of people, probably because of the holidays." 

"I didn't hear you come to bed," Woody said. He licked the butter and jam from his fingers. Jill sat down with him and poured some cream in her coffee. 

"I stayed up after I got back. I was a little tense, I guess." Woody looked at her and smiled. His eyes always made her melt. They were the sweetest shade of light brown, like milk chocolate. He stared into her eyes for a moment, and he broke his gaze to take her all in. Jill fluffed at her hair, knowing she must look a mess. Woody grabbed one of her hands, and held it in his. 

"I always love the way you look in the morning, Jilly," he said. "You're gorgeous. God, I'm a lucky man!" He lifted her hand to his mouth and peppered it with soft kisses. 

"I'm a mess, Woody," she said. "But thank you for saying I'm gorgeous." 

"I mean it, honey. But I can tell there's something on your mind." 

"What do you mean?" 

"I mean, you just poured salt in your coffee." Jill looked at the salt shaker in her hand, and laughed out loud. 

"Shit," she said. Woody laughed with her. 

"What's on your mind babe," he said. He picked up her mug and dumped it in the sink and rinsed it out. "Wanna try this again?" He poured her mug full. Jill watched him as he poured the coffee and walked back to the table. 

"Woody, honey," she started. "I have something I want to show you, but you have to promise me something first." 

"Okay," he said, cocking his head to the side in curiosity. "What do I have to promise?" 

"That you won't think I'm a nutcase or a pervert or something," she said. 

"Seriously?" he said. The look on her face told him the answer. "Okay, I promise." 

Jill reached under the table and grabbed the rolled-up Swinger's Connection magazine from her purse and then held it in her lap. Woody leaned over to see what she had, and she plopped it open on the table between them. The ad on the back cover stared them both in the face. 

"What's this?" he asked. 

"I found it on the train last night. Somebody left it, and I found it." 

Woody glanced at the ad, and saw the words "NEW YEAR" and "PARTY" and gave Jill the oddest look she'd seen on his face in a very long while. "This is all about a New Year's party?" 

"Look closer, baby," she said, sliding it closer to him. "And look inside." 

Jill watched the expression on her husband's face change from confusion to understanding as he flipped through the pages. He looked up at her in surprise. 

"What, you want to start swinging? Holy shit!" 

"No, not swinging, I thought maybe going to that New Year's party might be something fun for us to do." 

"So I'm not enough for you?" Woody asked. Jill could usually tell if he was serious, but not this time. 

"That's not it, honey," Jill answered. "You're everything to me. It's just that..." 

"...that you want to step out a little." He always knew her thoughts before she did. 

"Yes." 

Woody looked at her, and then at the ad, and then back at her. "Seven hundred fifty bucks is a shitload of money, Jill." 

"Yeah, but when was the last time we did anything just for us?" she asked. "It's always been about the girls, and we're alone here and I don't want to come home anymore and just eat dinner and fall asleep watching reality TV." Tears welled in her eyes and she got up to look out the window and compose herself. Why am I getting so emotional about this party? 

She took a sip of coffee and felt Woody's arms wrap around her waist and pull her closer to him. He kissed the nape of her neck and held his lips there as he spoke. 

"I was shocked, baby, that's all," he said. "I mean, it's not every day a man's wife comes home with a swinger's magazine and asks if he'd like to go to a swinging party." 

She loved the feel of his lips on her neck and his warm breath sent shivers down her body. That always made her horny, and she felt a familiar tickle deep in her belly. She turned to face him and wrapped her arms around his waist. Woody lifted her chin and wiped the tears away with his fingers and kissed her, and the only reality she knew right then was she wanted him. They made love for the first time in their house in a room other than their bedroom, with the morning sun streaming through the kitchen window. 

************* 

They both sat in the middle of the kitchen floor totally naked, and Woody was browsing the website for Swinger's Connection. Jill watched as he found the link to the New Year's Eve party. The page had the same information as the ad did, and there was a sign-in form with a PayPal link to pay the registration fee. 

"Well, what do you think?" Woody asked. "Do or not do?" Yoda was his favorite philosopher, and Jill love-slapped his arm because of it. 

"Do," she said. 

"Do," he said. He filled out the form and submitted their payment, and a page opened with more details about what the dress code was, what time to arrive, everything except where to arrive. At the bottom of the page there was a stern warning. 

"You will be receiving and email shortly telling you the location of the event. You are sworn to secrecy and must not divulge the location to anyone. If the hotel we are using finds out how we plan to use their ballroom, the event will surely be cancelled and you will lose your $750." 

"I guess they're serious, but it makes sense," Woody said. "I guess it wouldn't be good for the other hotel guests to know there was a swinger's orgy going on in their ballroom!" A few moments later they received the email, and they were surprised to find the location was a five-star resort not far from where they lived. 

With New Year's Eve less than a week away, they had to get moving on the arrangements. They went shopping, and Jill bought a hot little black dress with an open back, thigh high black stockings with red lace at the top and a pair of black stiletto heels. Woody opted for the traditional black tuxedo with a flat-front white shirt and a red bow tie. They were all dressed up, and they definitely had a place to go. 

************* 

They arrived at the resort promptly at 6 and the valet helped Jill out of the car as Woody walked around and gave him the keys. They walked into the lobby and asked the concierge where the Bristol Room was. He smiled and directed them to a hallway. 

"Second set of double-doors on the left," he said. "There's a check-in table set up right outside." The smiled, thanked him and walked toward the ballroom. Jill held Woody's arm as they made their way. 

"I'm so nervous, Woods," Jill said. "My stomach is flip-flopping, and my knees have a funny feeling in them." 

"I know what you mean," he replied. "But it's not too late to turn back, if you don't want to do this." 

"No way," she said, pulling herself closer so she could whisper something in his ear. "It's making me wet, too." 

Woody looked at his wife, and her smile was different. It was sexy, and her eyes were smoldering. He smiled and winked at her. He knew what she meant, because the thought of what they were about to do was making him hard. 

"May I see your invitation please?" the stunning young lady at the door asked. Woody reached inside his jacket and pulled out the card they had received in the mail. 

"Here you go," he said. 

"Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. ..." she paused as her bright red and green fingernails flipped through a pile of index cards. "...ah, here it is. Mullen. Yes, you'll be seated at table 21, and as you're new with us, you'll be seated with one of our more...seasoned...couples, the Millers. They volunteer to help our new visitors get familiar with the particulars of our parties, so you can ask them anything you want." 

She handed them two small name tents with their names and table number. The attendant opened the door for them and they walked inside. 

************* 

The ballroom was spectacular. At the center of the room was a huge round stage with four sets of stairs. In the center of the stage was a huge round bed with a pile of gold, red and green pillows stacked neat in a pyramid. Bottles of champagne chilled in buckets at the top of each stairway, one on each side. There were four large signs posted in each corner reading 'MF', 'MM', 'FF' and 'AG.' Under each sign was a table with two large wicker baskets and a plastic container between them. 

A spacious, circular dance floor surrounded the stage and there were some couples dancing to the music of the live jazz quartet playing near the entrance. There was a single row of tables arranged outside the dance floor. The ring of tables was surrounded by what looked like mattresses covered with more of the gold, green and red pillows. 

An usher approached them and asked for their name tents and then led them to Table 21. It looked to Jill like the Millers had arrived because there were half-full flutes of champagne at two of the places. 

"Perhaps you'd like some champagne to start your evening?" the usher asked. They both nodded and the usher held up his white-gloved hand and waved. "Your waiter and waitress will be with you in a moment." 

Woody pulled out a chair for Jill, and he held it for her as she sat. As Woody took his seat, their waiter and waitress arrived. The young man was about twenty, tall and wide-shouldered with close cropped blonde hair and deep blue eyes. He wore tight fitting black slacks with a white tuxedo shirt and green bow tie, with a satin cummerbund. 

The young lady was about the same age. Her loose curled natural red hair was past shoulder length, and her eyes were a stunning shade of green. She wore a mid-thigh length fluted black satin skirt and a white tuxedo blouse with the same bow tie. Black seamed thigh-high stockings covered her shapely legs, showing enough to reveal the garters than held them up. A pair of black high heels rounded out her uniform. Each carried a flute of champagne. 

"My name is Richard," the young man said as he handed the flute to Jill. 

"And my name is Vivian," the young lady said. Woody took the champagne from her. 

"If there's anything you need," Richard said, "please don't hesitate to ask us. We will be taking care of you and the Millers exclusively tonight, and our goal is to give you an unforgettable evening. 

"We have an hour before the first course will be served for you," Vivian added. "So if you'd like to dance, or just sit and enjoy your champagne, it's all up to you." Woody and Jill looked at each other and both said "Okay" in unison. 

"You'll probably want to introduce yourself to the Millers, too," Richard added. "That's them by the FF staircase." Richard pointed toward the set of stairs pointing toward the corner with the FF sign. 

"Excuse us," Vivian said. "We'll be back in a little while." They both walked away. Woody stared at Vivian's athletic body and admired her ass as it swayed. Jill marveled at Richard's wide shoulders tapering to a slim waist, all supported by an obviously strong ass and legs. 

"You must be the Mullens!" 

Jill and Woody were jolted from their ogling by a deep, booming voice. 

"I'm Oren Miller, and this is my wife Alexa," the man said, extending his hand to Woody. 

"Woody Mullen, yes," he said, standing and grasping Oren's hand and shaking it. "My wife, Jill." Woody held his hand palm-up toward Jill. Oren held his hand out to Jill, and he took her hand like he was holding a piece of fine china. He kissed the top of her hand. 

Oren Miller was average height with salt and pepper hair, bushy black eyebrows and narrow-set charcoal eyes. When he smiled, the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes deepened and gave away his fiftyish age. He wore a black tuxedo, as everyone was required, but his shirt was bright green satin, and his bow tie was white. 

Alexa's dark auburn hair framed her young face, and her eyes were a deep chocolate brown, highlighted with the same shade of eye shadow and black eye liner. She had what Woody called bedroom eyes. Her skin was tanned and firm, and her dress hugged every curve of her body. A trophy wife for sure. Her dress was the same color and fabric as Oren's shirt. The neckline plunged down to her navel, held together by three thin white satin bands right below her breasts. The short hem was ruffled with white lace, and she wore white sheer stockings. Her satin high heels matched the color of her dress. 

"You two look amazing, don't they dear?" Oren asked as he stared into Jill's eyes and she felt like he was undressing her. 

"So sexy, baby," Alexa answered. She put her hands on Jill's shoulders and leaned in and pecked a light kiss on each cheek. She repeated her kisses on Woody's cheeks. 

"Let's sit down and chat before the evening starts," Oren suggested by helping Alexa take her seat. Woody and Oren sat down at the same time. 

Oren and Alexa began by explaining the room to them. The room was divided by the four signs, and only were important toward the end of the evening. He explained 'MF' was for heterosexual couples and groups, 'FF' was for lesbian couples, 'MM' was for gay male couples and 'AG' stood for 'Anything Goes.' Alexa piped in this was her favorite area of the room because nothing was taboo. 

She explained as the evening went on, there would be entertainment on the stage for them to enjoy, and their waiter and waitress would be part of their own personal entertainment at their table. 

Oren explained the emcees for the evening would dictate the events of the night, and each of them would be allowed to visit any or all of the four areas before deciding where they wanted to finish the evening and bring in the New Year. 

"Do either of you have any questions?" Alexa asked. 

"I do," Jill said. "What are the baskets on the tables in the corners?" 

"Ah, yes," Oren answered. "I forgot to mention that, thank you. One basket is filled with condoms and the other has individual packets of lubricants of any kind you might like." 
