 It was late and the rest of the camp had turned in for the night. I was attending an Indian powwow and the dancing had made me hot and sweaty. The dance was near a school that let us use their locker rooms for the weekend. I grabbed my towel, soap and change of dress and walked over to the now darkened gym. A light had been left on in the shower room so I had no trouble finding it. There were narrow benches in the center of the room dividing the shower area. The air had turned cool and when I turned on the hot water, a slow steam began to rise in the shower. I stripped down and let the water rush over me, getting rid of the sweat and grime from earlier in the evening. I used a handled sponge to lather the soap and was thoroughly enjoying being alone in such a big shower (reminded me of the girl's gang showers in high school) when I heard a low feminine voice ask if she could borrow my soap. 

When I turned around, she was standing so close to me, that our nipples brushed against each other. I took a small step back and smiled, handing her the soap. She was attractive in a tomboyish way. She was nearly my height but her hair was shorter compared to my long mane of thick auburn fire. I noticed she smiled a little as she stepped over to the showerhead near mine. I turned back to the water and was rubbing the rest of the lather over my breasts and down my stomach between my legs with the handled sponge, when she told me that she liked the way I paid attention to all the curves on my body when I shower. I didn't know what to say so I thanked her. I could not help but stare as she did the same with the soap I loaned her. Her breasts were smaller that mine, but her nipples were hard as rocks and unlike my shaved pussy, she had a small triangle bush that her fingers lingered over. She looked up and smiled at me with an expression of desire on her lips. 

I am totally heterosexual and have never been sexually attracted to another woman, but she was giving me looks that could not be interpreted as anything other than raw sexual desire. My hands came up under my breasts and I lifted them up so the water spraying from the shower made my nipples stand out. She asked me to keep going and not to let her presence stop me. I don't know if it was the full moon, the heat or the steam - but I turned my face towards the water and let the sensuality of the moment overtake me. My hands flowed with the water down my stomach and onto my thighs, waking up every ounce of skin to the delicious feeling that had been stirring between my legs. I was aware of the woman in the shower next to me but somehow, that just seemed to turn me on more and I began to get more aggressive in touching myself. I turned the sponge around and used the other end to slide between my legs. I had just closed my eyes and was fingering my nipple with one hand while the other hand was rubbing the sponge handle between the lips of my pussy. I was feeling the heat in my body rise, when I felt the brush of skin against my back.

She was there...at my back. I could hear her breath catch in her throat as she ran her hands down my back and traced the outline of my butt. Her lips on my back sent a tremor down my spine that took me by surprise. Her hands moved around my waist and I could feel her nipples hard against my back as she pulled me into her. Her warm tongue glided across my shoulders as I arched my back and drove the handle deep inside myself, moving my hips back and forth. She traced circles of heat from my shoulder to my waist with her mouth. I could feel her hard nipples slide down the backs of my legs as she knelt down and took control of the sponge handle and pushed it slowly in and out in long strokes.

I heard a gasp at that moment...I was so overwhelmed with desire that it took me a minute to perceive that the sound had not come from me or her, but someone else. I turned my head towards the shower entrance and saw that we were no longer alone. It was you...you were just standing there, towel at your waist, mesmerized by the scene playing out before you. We were all caught up in a single moment of carnality that would continue to unfold. I don't know for sure, but I think I was the only one that saw you standing there. It must have been ten minutes or more of watching her stroke and fondle me before you loosened the towel at your waist and leaned against the steamy sides of the doorway. Our eyes locked and you watched her lick the back of my legs as she moved the long sponge handle deeper inside causing me to catch my breath. I thought I was going to faint with passion...until your hand moved around your swollen cock. I couldn't take my eyes off you as you touched yourself with long strokes.

I don't know if it was the water from the shower that was getting cooler or my body was so hot, every sensation felt cooler. I was barely able to stand anymore and reached out to brace myself against the wall, while she continued to move her hands over my ass and massage my clit. My nipples touched the cold tile on the wall and I knew I needed to do something before I fell over. I glanced back over to you and without any hesitation, I turned around and grabbed her hand to stop and led her over to the benches in the center of the room. I could feel your eyes as you watched us walk over that way. I was getting more aggressive and gently pushed her on the bench so she was facing in your direction. I spread my legs across the bench behind her and brought my hands around and under her breasts, flicking her nipples as I moved up around her neck. She noticed you at that time and we both began the visual stimulation we instinctively know men love. I had no experience with women, but I do know what I like and seeing your face was all I needed to know we were heading in the right direction. I could feel the breeze from the flowing water between my legs and the passion in me was reaching an unbearable peak. As exhilarating as everything felt, I really needed to touch you soon.

I pulled my leg across the bench and stood with my hand outstretched to you, beckoning you over. The look in your eyes was all I needed to pursue your body. I stepped in front of the girl on the bench and gave you full access to my back, while she grabbed my waist and pulled me close to her, her mouth open and her tongue flicked across the hardness of my nipples. You didn't need any more encouragement and placed your hands on my hips, rubbing your hard cock against my butt. I had to taste you at that moment. Turning to face you, I bent over to lick your stomach, placing my ass squarely in the face of the woman on the bench, who took that as a que to bury her tongue into my dripping pussy. It was almost too much and I had to have you right then. I surrounded the head of your cock with my warm mouth and licked up each side to taste what I had been watching for the last few minutes. I could stand it no more and took all of you in my mouth, swallowing every inch so you would only feel my breathe at the base and feel my hands moving between your legs and pulling you closer. The sensations created from having my clit tongued and you sliding in and out of my mouth forced me into an instant orgasm, leaving me trembling and wanting more.

I moved over to the other side of the bench. I leaned back and pulled you around me so you stood over me with your legs on either side and sucked your cock long and hard while you pulled the other woman in front of you so you could lick her nipples and finger her pussy. It was all so surreal at that moment. I was lying on the bench, I had re-claimed the sponge handle and was thrusting it deep inside my pussy while rubbing my clit. I could see your hands working on the other woman as fast as you were driving into my mouth. After a few more moments, the other woman starting cumming which set off a chain reaction to you pumping hot liquid down my throat and me trembling with yet another orgasm. 

We all gathered around and gently caressed each other while the last waves of pleasure still played inside our bodies. A giggle began to pass through us as we realized what had just happened and we dutifully agreed to finish our showers and meet in one hour over at my tent to continue an entire night of deep moans, pleasured movements and unbridled passion.