 It is a truth universally recognised; that a woman in need of a fuck is likely to have that need satisfied much more quickly that a man with a similar need. It made sense therefore, that when my partner Sue and I decided to experiment with swinging, Sue should take the lead. She would select her swapping partner and I would get his other half by default.

We meet up with a group of friends about twice a month for a 'party'. No more than the pleasure of being with friends, conversation fuelled by alcohol. It was after such a party, at our house, that our first swing happened. I knew that Sue had fancied Peter since she had first set eyes on him, it was no surprise that she chose him. I was delighted. His wife, Helen, was a stunning blonde with tits much larger than Sue's. Not bad for 'leftovers'!

The girls knew each other from their work, their companies often worked together. Sue and Helen became friends, Helen and Peter were drawn into our social circle. The girls met frequently for lunch and must have planned what followed. It went too smoothly to be spontaneous.

The parties never ran on very late, by midnight only the four of us were left. Smoochy music was playing, Helen had gone to the drinks table for a refill. When the tune changed, Sue said;

"Oh. I like this one."

She stood up and began a very sensual dance, right in front of the seated Peter. Sue appeared tipsy, but I knew that it was an act. She was fully in control. Her dance was like vertical fucking, her squirming caused her tight dress to rise up to the very top of her thighs, her brief knickers were just visible.

I had been with Sue when she bought the dress. "A Ruched Bandeau Dress." The label had said. In red. The dress was held in place by its tightness, there were no fastenings. A halter top stopped it from falling down, nothing stopped it from riding up. Beneath it she wore no bra, just the tiniest of thongs. She wobbled on perilously high heels. I had watched her dress earlier and had commented that if that outfit did not get her fucked, nothing would.

Our sitting room has three two-seater sofas, arranged in a 'U', with a large coffee table filling the space. Well spaced out, it is a large room, but close enough to afford a good view of what was happening, I had a three-quarter view of the other couple. Helen placed her glass on the coffee table and sat down next to, and very close to, me. I put my arm around her waist. Sue continued to squirm until the hem of the dress rose high enough for the thong to be fully visible. 

"You might as well take it off." Goaded Helen.

We took up the traditional cry: "Off. Off. Off."

Sue crossed her arms in front of her body and seized the hem, which was now more of a waistband, and slowly peeled the garment over her head, tossing it aside and standing with her hands on her hips. Her fine small tits thrusting out defiantly and her oversized nipples, fully erect, begging to be sucked.

Peter gasped in admiration. Helen moved my hand up so that it cupped her ripe left tit and placed her hand on my thigh, in my groin. Sue turned her back on Peter, hooked her thumbs in the waistband of the thong and peeled it down her thighs, bending, straight legged, offering Peter a full view of her peachy arse with its deep cleft and the moist treasure beneath it. Helen slipped her hand inside the top of her dress and scooped out the tit so that it sat proud on top of the folded bodice and moved her hand so that it rested on top off my rigid cock, straining to burst my pants. Helens tit was big and firm. A real handful. Nipple no more than half the size of Sue's prize-winner's, but as hard as marble. I took the nipple between finger and thumb and rolled it gently. But my, indeed our, attention was more on what was happening on the other sofa.

Sue knelt astride Peters legs and pushed her tits into his face. He nuzzled at the soft warm flesh before capturing a nipple between his lips. Sue pushed back from him and undid his shirt, then bent to kiss the revealed chest. She pushed back further and undid Peters belt, unzipped his pants and he raised his backside enough for her to draw the encumbrance down to his ankles. Peter's long thin cock sprang joyfully into the room. It was not visible for long. Sue moved back astride and holding the prong in one hand, lowered herself onto it. Peter groaned as the warm wet flesh of Sue's cunt embraced his straining shaft.

Helen slipped from the sofa onto her knees and swiftly unfastened my belt and zip, grasping the prize that leapt out to meet her. Without any preliminaries, she sucked it between her coral-pink lips and devoured it. It was bliss. But as much as I wanted to enjoy it, and Helen was very, very good, I was more interested in the sight of Peters prick vanishing deep into Sue's clasping cunt, then re-emerging wetly, only to be swallowed up again by the next upthrust. This is what I wanted from swinging; to see my girl fucked by other men. Given the choice, I would have rather watched Sue getting it than being sucked off.

But I did not have to choose, I was getting both! A personal live show starring my own true love, and a cock-sucking that would score eleven on a scale of ten. It was all over much too quickly, the sexual tension in the room was at maximum. Sue came first, crying out as she does and jerking like a speared fish. Peter came with a roar, blasting his spunk high into Sue's welcoming sheath. I took bronze, spurting a generous amount onto Helens teeth and tonsils. Helen gamely swallowed the lot. It was her only prize. No orgasm for her.

Peter had the best of the deal. He had Sue naked and had fucked her properly. Sue was next, she had had a come and a cunt-full. I had to settle for Helen's mouth and one bare tit. All Helen got was a mouthful of protein.

Sue lifted herself from Peter's still hard organ, shining with both Sue's and his own juice. Sue placed a hand under her crutch and scurried to the downstairs loo. I was torn by following her to check her welfare, and attending to my guests. Peter quickly dressed himself, Helen returned her errant tit to its lacy perfumed pouch.

"We'll show ourselves out," offered Peter, "check on her. We'll be in touch."

And they were gone.

There was nothing wrong with Sue, far from it.

"I was full of Peter's cum, I didn't want it to drip on the carpet."

I stopped her from washing. What I wanted now was to fuck her while she was still wet and warm with Peter's spunk. She was more than willing and very soon I spurted a huge amount of my own to join it.

That was our 'First Contact.' There have been many more, some ordinary, some very much extraordinary. If you want to hear about them, you know the drill.