 Sarah stood in front of the mirror, fussing with her blouse, when she heard the phone ring. She reached over and pick up the cell phone, looking at the display to see it was her mom calling.

"Crap!" she answered the phone, "hi mom. No, nothing much going on. Just going to a movie with Jenny. No. Just us girls. Yeah. I'm actually on the way out, so I'll talk to you next week. Bye. Love you."

If her mom only knew where she was really going. IF she didn't back out. As she looked at herself in the mirror, her cheeks flushed. She was pretty enough, with medium-length brown hair, brown eyes, and what she considered to be an average body. Could she go through with it??

Just then, she heard a knock on her door. She knew it was Jenny, and walked to the door, knots growing in her stomach. "I want to puke", she said to herself, before opening the door.

Jenny just smiled and shook her head, knowing what her friend was thinking. "C'mon, you can't back out now. I've got it all set up."

"This is crazy! I'm not THAT kind of woman!"

"Oh, but I am?"

"I didn't mean it that way", Sarah said, trying to back pedal. "I just...it's just that..." she stammered.

"We're going. I am telling you -- get past the first time, and you will be chomping at the bit to get back there."

"Ok, let's just go -- I can't think about it anymore." Sarah shut and locked the door behind them, and they headed down to Jenny's car in the parking lot.

25 minutes later, Jenny's car pulled into a long driveway in front of a large 3-story house. There were no other homes anywhere nearby. Maybe 10 cars were parked there already. "This is it?" Sarah asked.

"Yep -- nice house, isn't it?"

"So what's the deal with these people? Are they a rich, bored couple looking for some thrills?"

"No idea," said Jenny getting out of the car. "Once we get in there, you won't find a lot of talking happening."

"Oh", Sarah said, falling in behind Jenny, feeling like an idiot. They walked to the front door, and Jenny didn't knock, just walked right it. 

Sarah wasn't sure what to expect. The entryway was empty, but she could hear noises somewhere ahead. They continued on straight ahead, into a large dimly lit living room. Several people were scattered around the room, some standing, some sitting, drinking and talking quietly. Jenny took Sarah's arm and led her right over to a couple sitting on a loveseat. The man was probably around 40, with dark, wavy short hair, and light laugh lines around his deep blue eyes. The woman was maybe a little younger, blond and petite. Very pretty.

The couple stood up when they saw Jenny and Sarah walking toward them, and each leaned over to give Jenny a kiss on the cheek, and murmur a greeting. "This must be the friend you told us about," the man said, looking Sarah over. Sarah felt a warmth start in her belly, the intense way he was staring, and her breath quickened.

"Yes," Jenny said. "I think this should be fun for all of you." Jenny leaned over and whispered in Sarah's ear, "let yourself enjoy this, you won't want it to stop", and walked away toward a man standing at the bar.

The man reached out and took Sarah's hand in his. He brought Sarah's hand to his lips, and brushed his mouth across the back of his hand. His lips were soft, and a shiver ran unconsciously through her body. She was sure he felt that, because she could feel her lips form a slight smile against her skin.

The woman came up next to Sarah, and took her other hand in both of hers. Sarah's attention was drawn to her face. They were about the same height, but the woman has beautiful fine features, with bright hazel eyes. "We've been looking forward to this all day," she said, gently biting her lip with a pearly tooth.

Sarah felt the room start to close in on her, like the three of them were the only ones there. She was led away from the living room by the man, up a flight of stairs, down a hall, and into a large bedroom. She heard the door shut with a soft click. The man was still holding her hand, and he walked her over to the bed. She sat down, and tried to concentrate on just breathing. Looking up, she saw the man and woman smile at each other, and sit down on the bed, on either side of her.

The man leaned in and murmured, "close your eyes". His breath in her ear tickled, her stomach fluttered in response. She closed her eyes, and felt a gentle kiss on her neck on the side the man was sitting. So soft, causing goosebumps all over her body. A moment later, she also felt a mouth on her neck on the other side. It was an odd sensation, having two sets up lips touching her at the same time, and she couldn't hold in a shuddering sigh.

Her eyes remained closed as she felt two sets of hands start to undress her, all the while continuing to kiss and lick her neck, and suck on her earlobes. Her shirt was unbuttoned and pulled off. Her bra was unhooked and dropped off the bed. The cool air, as well as all the other feelings bombarding her caused her nipples to harden instantly, and a hand started caressing each breast, stroking the nipples until they ached.

Sarah was pushed back gently on the bed, feeling a mouth move from her neck to a nipple peak, a soft tongue sucking, biting... Another set of hands unbuttoned her jeans and slid them off, along with her underwear. And immediately a set of lips moved to her stomach, kissing down and down. She almost jerked up when the tip of a tongue flicked her clit, and she felt how wet she was between her legs -- it was dripping on her thighs.

With one mouth on one nipple, a hand on the other breast, and a mouth on her pussy, she felt herself start to float, unable to process all the pleasurable attacks happening to her body. The mouth on her pussy started sucking hard on her clit, and she felt two or three fingers push inside her. Her hips pushed up against the pressure while she also tried to thrust up against the mouth on her breast. Her entire body was thrumming with a pleasure overload. She heard a deep moaning, getting louder, and realized it was her.

The pressure from her pussy built and built, and she thrust mindlessly up, head rolling helplessly back and forth. The mouth lifted off her nipple and returned to her ear. A deep voice murmured, "I want to hear you come".

In the back of her mind, she knew then that it was the woman eating her pussy out, and that put her over the edge. She yelled out as waves of pleasure rolled over her and she climaxed harder and harder, two or three orgasms hitting one right after the other.

Just as she was starting to catch her breath, the mouth on her pussy started sucking her clit again, like a vacuum, and brought her even deeper into another orgasmic spasm. Slowly she felt her body float back down, still tingling, and Sarah opened her eyes to see the petite woman smiling up at her from her pelvis, face coated in Sarah's own juices. "That was beautiful", the woman purred.

The man stood up from the bed, and pulled his shirt over his head, and unsnapped his jeans, pulling them down over his hips. He wasn't wearing any underwear, and his cock sprang out from the constraint. He pushed his jeans off the rest of the way, kicking them off.

Sarah couldn't tear her eyes away. It probably wasn't a record breaker, but it was the biggest cock she had seen, and her pussy seemed to spasm in response.

The woman looked toward him, smiling proudly. "It's really something, isn't it", she said. She walked over to him, dropped to her knees, and put the head of the pulsing cock in her mouth. The man closed his eyes in pleasure.

Sarah, still on the bed, recovering from her orgasms, felt a new warmth between her legs. She had seen blow jobs in pornos, but being only a couple of feet away, seeing the glistening of her spit and his pre-cum, and hearing the sound of her mouth going up and down, was so much better. The woman stopped, turned to Sarah, and gestured with her head for Sarah to join her. Sarah wasn't sure her legs would hold her, so she lowered herself to the floor, and crawled over to them. Looking at the hard cock in front of her face, all she wanted was to taste it, lick it, feel that length in her mouth.

The woman sat back on her butt, giving Sarah full access. She leaned forward, eyes open, and tentatively licked up the length, and back down. Then she reached up with both of her hands, and took his balls in one hand, and held the base of his shaft with the other, and opened as wide as she could to take the full head in her mouth.

The woman next to her started caressing Sarah's back and ass, as her head bobbed up and down on his cock like it was a giant stick of candy. It was so hard, and his pre-cum tasted sweet. Sarah felt herself being pulled away from his hard-on, although her mouth was still trying to suck on it. The man reached down and pulled Sarah up. She was so turned on she couldn't even think, and let herself be lead back to the bed. The woman helped Sarah on the bed, and told her to get on her knees on the edge.

Before Sarah could even start to think about what was happening, she felt his hands on her hips and his cockhead pushing against her soaking wet cunt. She moaned, helpless, as he pushed into her. God, he was going to fill her completely, more than she had ever known. He grunted as he thrust all the way inside, and stopped, letting her body adjust to the girth.

"What do you want," he said pulling out a little, and pushing back in. "Say it!"

"Fuck me," she whispered.

"Say it out loud", he said more firmly, holding still inside her.

"Fuck me. Fuck me hard. Give me every inch of your wet juicy cock!"

He didn't say anything, but pulled completely out except for the tip, and then slammed all the way back in. He jack hammered her pussy like a machine. Sarah was truly getting fucked for the first time in her life, and didn't want it to stop. She started to moan, unable to keep it in. "God yes! Fuck me! Don't stop!" she screamed, a hard deep orgasm gripped her, freezing another scream in her throat.

He felt her pussy spasm on his cock, and he paused inside her, holding back his own release.

When her climax started to let up, Sarah looked down and saw the woman had moved to the bed, and her shaved, glistening pussy was just under her face. She didn't even think, she just lowered her head to taste another woman's cunt for the first time. So good. As she started sucking on the swollen clit, the woman let out a small sigh and the man behind her, still inside her, started ramming her again, pushing her face into the pussy she was licking.

Sarah wasn't Sarah anymore, she was just a body, a sexual hunger, turning her to something else. She was being fucked mercilessly by a strange cock and licking a strange pussy, and her body was on fire. No more thinking, just feeling.

Suddenly liquid squirted into her mouth and on her face as the woman underneath her came with a yell. Sarah felt herself come again, hard and unrelenting. His cock was squeezed inside her, and he couldn't hold back. He grabbed her hips tightly, and continued pounding into her as wave after wave of his seed released into her.

Sarah lay there, her head laying on the woman's thighs, inhaling the scent of her juices, feeling the warmth of the man's semen drip down her own thighs. He pulled out of Sarah's wet and aching pussy, and collapsed on the bed next to her, on his back.

After a few minutes, Sarah sat up. As she looked at the couple who had just given her so much pleasure, she didn't feel any regret or shame, just a hunger for more. A door had been opened for her, and there was no going back. She lay back down between them, the couple on either side of her holding her gently.

"So," Sarah said, should I meet you back here next week?"