 Freshmen college students Ginny and Kevin, standing nude together after an hour and half of love making in Ginny's bed, decided to see what they might learn from each of their parents, who were lovemaking in the master bedroom. Ginny and Kevin left their room still naked, and now stood at the door of Ginny's father's bedroom. Ginny opened her father's bedroom door slowly, and saw silhouettes in the darkened room, which was lit only by the full moon coming from the open curtains. Kevin followed, hard and long behind Ginny's 37 inch hips and tight round ass. Kevin's 8" cock was 7" around, and stood up instantly erect and Ginny's twat gushed in excitement as they both stepped into the room to see Ginny's father and Kevin's mother in bed. As their eyes adjusted to the light, they could make out their parents' nude bodies, and saw Jake and Ann on top of the covers, passionately eating each other in a 69 position. 

Ann and I had no idea they were in the room, as I was lying on my back on the bed, with beautiful 35 year old Ann on top of me. She impaled her mouth and throat on my cock, taking all of my 7 ½" down her, as her tongue licked around my hardened shaft. Ann looked at my swollen balls and stroked them, gently but firmly feeling their hardness and gauging their size like she was appraising the volume of seed that her pregnant body was about to swallow. Her saliva ran freely down my rod, and around each side of my balls as she bobbed her head over me.

My hands fondled her bulging, 36DD breasts, pinching her thick, hardened nipples and pulling on her tits gently, as my mouth eagerly French kissed her between her spread thighs. My tongue didn't know where to begin -- at her lovely ass or at her clit, or somewhere in between? I kissed her swollen lips much as I would those on her face, making sucking sounds and giving her some of my tongue. Her big, beautiful ass and 38" hips bobbed in response to my mouth. 

Ann was moaning with my cock in her mouth, giving me in every sense "good vibrations". I could tell she was near orgasm, and I wanted to push her over that edge - again. I'd lost count of the number of times Ann had cum since we stole away to bed this night. It was over 10 for sure. I could never get enough of her climaxing.

Ann's vagina was tightening and her moans higher pitched, as her head bobbed faster on my thick rod. My tongue darted gently and slowly over her clit, so as not to over stimulate her and make her lose her orgasm. Her vagina and ass tightened hard and spasmed, as she groaned, and her floodgates opened over my mouth and face, squirting her sexy, warm cum in my mouth in long ropes and splashing on my face and neck as well.

As Kevin & Ginny entered the room, they saw Ann's pussy gush her cum on my face and mouth. And they saw me eagerly catch and swallow as much as I could catch in my wide open mouth. 

Ann pulled her mouth off my hard on, gasped for air, screamed loudly, and said breathlessly, "Oh, Jake, Oh Jake! FUCK YOUR PREGNANT WIFE!"

Ann dismounted my mouth and quickly got on her hands and knees, facing away from us. Still unaware of our visitors, I mounted her and began driving my cock into her. Ann felt my thick cock parting her, stretching her, and filling her tightly to the end of her cervix. Ann put her head down on the bed and turned her ass upward to take me deeper, as I scooted up to mount her deeper. "Deeper, Jake! Oh, yeah! That's so good! Yeah! Fuck me harder!! CUM IN MY PREGNANT WOMB!!"

By this time, Kevin and Ginny were sitting nude on the floor at the foot of the bed, next to each other, watching our oral sex with interest. Ginny was very wet and Kevin very hard as they saw an experienced couple in action. Each had their hand between the other's legs, giving and receiving pleasure, but no where near cuming yet. Both turned quickly to look at each other in shock when they heard Ann's command to FUCK YOUR PREGNANT WIFE! 

Ginny whispered to Kevin, "Married already?! When?"

Kevin whispered back, "Pregnant already? How? She hasn't gotten laid in ages!"

By now I'm impaled behind Ann and thrusting so hard into her that her entire body scooted upward despite her backward bracing for each impact. "Remind me how you made me pregnant." Ann cried out. "Cum in me Jake -- DEEP in me."

"How does she know she's pregnant after just a day?" I whispered.

"I donno." Kevin replied. "Let's ask them later. Ginny, please sit on my lap. I want to hold you."

Ginny thought how sweet it was that Kevin was thinking of holding her and cuddling as they watched, but Ginny had much naughtier ideas for her man. She scooted over and sat right ON his cock, reverse cowgirl, sliding her sopping wet cunt right down his manhood in one downward motion. She wiggled a bit up and down to arouse him more as she watched her father fuck Kevin's mother hard and long. 

I pounded Ann's cunt for fifteen minutes, proudly giving her multiple orgasm on top of multiple orgasm. Ann's screams filled the room, letting our secret visitors fuck more intensely without fear of being discovered. 

Ginny began riding Kevin up and down his entire shaft, never thinking of what she'll do when he makes her cum. His thick dick was more than she'd ever imaged taking between her legs, and her newly fucked pussy was still adjusting to his manhood. As he entered her for what must be the sixth time, she felt her very body parting for him, tightly clinging to him, as if to say 'never leave my body, lover.' The uncomfortableness dissipated as her body stretched to meet his size, to mold herself for him, and to please his body. Her pussy was very wet with arousal and his seed from earlier encounters, so she made a squishing noise as she fucked him. She was initially embarrassed by the noise between her thighs, and yet also aroused by the noise their bodies made as they became one. It was evident that their parents could not hear Ginny sliding up and down Kevin's long cock, so she kept going. All Ginny knew is she NEEDED to feel her man inside of her pussy -- again. He made her feel so good and so feminine. Ginny's breathing was labored, and getting stronger. She watched her father pleasing Ann, and was proud of his studly manner. She appreciated Kevin's lovemaking, knowing he was already becoming like her dad, never letting her sexual appetite down, and always there to please her.

Kevin no longer cared who saw him fucking Ginny by now -- his cock was in his woman -- where it belonged - and he was not ashamed of that, nor ashamed to show her his love. Ginny was pleasing him so much he didn't even try to quiet her or avoid making her cum. He loved the sound of his woman cuming. Instead he thrust upward to meet her body, turning her on more -- with the intent of making her cum harder and more often. His thrusts were working their magic. His body was hers for her enjoyment, and he enjoyed pleasing her, taking the example of Ginny's Dad who was pleasing his screaming mother relentlessly before his eyes. Kevin never knew his mother could be so sexy, so engaged in lovemaking, let alone so good at it. He had never thought of her womanly needs -- of her pussy's desires to be filled -- of her big tits' longing to be felt, sucked, and pinched. He felt a warped sense of pride in how she could get Jake's cock up and keep it up so much this weekend, and knew Ginny would do the same for him for the rest of their lives.

Ann came all over me, squirting her cum up and down my rod, as she screamed, "Make me squirt all over you -- make me cum, HARD, Jake!"

I pounded deeply into Ann, causing her pussy to tighten, quiver, then cum. Ann squirted several long shots of her cum up and down my cock as I continued to pummel her pussy. 

Ginny was listening to Ann's orgasm, and Ann's request to make her squirt. "So THAT'S what's happening to me!" Ginny thought, as she deduced that Ann squirted when she came. Ginny continued to think, "And Ann likes squirting for Dad, isn't embarrassed to do it, and even begs for Dad to make her so excited she squirts! And Dad likes it too! Kevin told me he liked it earlier, too. Well, I liked the feeling of squirting when I came, even when I thought something was wrong with me. Now that I know I'm made to do this, and Kevin likes it, I'm gonna let my body take over and squirt whenever my body wants, without holding back."

While Ann screamed, Kevin gave Ginny her first orgasm in her father's bedroom, abruptly refocusing Ginny from the sexual event before her, back to her own body's lovemaking. Ginny screamed just a fraction of a second after Ann. Both women were cuming in harmony. Ginny did not hold back -- she was a full woman now and was being satisfied by her lover, and wanted him to know it. It was all good.

I heard what sounded like orgasms in stereo as I fucked Ann, and realized, somewhat dully, because my brain had migrated to my cock, that we had company. Then I slowly registered that it must be our eighteen year old kids sneaking in to see us, and caught up n their own fucking. I continued to fuck Ann, not willing to stop and hoping that Ann would not hear them, for fear she'd stop fucking my fully aroused body. I needed Ann and didn't care whether they saw us or not. 

Ann did hear Ginny's climax, even over her own orgasm, but would not -- in fact could not stop, even if she wanted to, which she didn't. Ann decided to demonstrate her womanly skills for Ginny by turning around while still impaled on my cock, and riding me cowgirl, up and down violently as she screamed in ecstasy some more, this time in the visitors' direction.

In the dim light Ann could make out the kids, and saw Ginny riding reverse cowgirl on Kevin at the foot of the bed, bucking away on her son's hard body. Ginny was shaking as she bounced, crying out without control.

Ann pushed me down onto the bed so I was lying flat as she continued to ride my rod. She pushed her 38" hips up and down, and also moved them forward and back, gyrating her sexy body for our mutual sexual satisfaction. Ginny was mentally taking notes of Ann's movements even as she rode Kevin, and trying to mimic Ann's more experienced moves. Ginny was a quick study and soon was copying much of Ann's technique, enough at least to get the same enhanced results from the lover below her, to both of their pleasure.

Ann bent down, pushed her swollen nipple on her well endowed breast into my mouth, and whispered to me, "The kids are here, Jake. Let's show them how its really done, lover. After I make you cum in me, I want you to sit up on the edge of the bed, and let me mount you for oral sex, upside down. I'll put my legs on either side of your face with my cum filled pussy on your mouth, and put my arms around your waist and eat you to hardness again - upside down -- while you make me cum with your tongue."

All I could say was, "Wow."

Ann sat up and rode me hard -- if I was a horse, she'd be on PETA's animal abuser list! But I liked it! She bounced her full tits before me (and the young couple) and angled her twat to get the most of my cock on her g-spot. Ann screamed as she came, yelling "Gawd you're big, Jake! Cum in my pregnant pussy, Jake! Give it to me, Jake!"

Ginny was coming again behind me, making no attempt to hide her womanly satisfaction, as Ann's pussy contracted and clued me that she was about to cum again. Ginny was screaming, "Oh, Kevin. Yes, Kevin. You're so long! Yes! I'm squirting for you, lover!" Ginny's thighs were spread extremely wide as she spread her legs fully in orgasm. Her pussy lips were so swollen and spread not only from her excitement, but from the shear size and width of Kevin's thick cock. Ginny's orgasm caused her pussy to spurt several long streams of cum, high up into the air. This time Ginny didn't hold back. She finally relented to her body's wishes, seeing how Ann squirted proudly before her. She had no idea what she was capable of, never doing it until today, and not hearing about it from her friends. She just let herself go in the moment, and enjoyed the multiple orgasms that her lover was giving her between her widely spread legs. Her pent up cum shot out of her like a hose under pressure, upward and onto our bed. One of her shots hit my shoulder, as Ann bent down to catch Ginny's cum in her mouth. The next shot went over my head, and Ann moved to her right to catch some of it on her mouth, as the rest splashed onto her curvy bosom.

The sight of Ann drinking Ginny's cum sent me over the edge, and my own body began to shoot into Ann, loading her up with thick white baby juice right in her newly impregnated pussy. After Ann's orgasm subsided she climbed off me as she promised, and I sat up on the edge of the bed, ready to try this new position.

Ann stood up on the bed, to my side, and bent down to touch my knees. She swung her left leg over my head, and pushed up with her hands on my knees to force her pussy up to my face, one thick thigh resting on each of my shoulders. I looked at her cum-filled, pregnant cunt and realized that my dessert was served, as my tongue dived into my wife's pussy, licking and eating her as my soft dick was sucked completely into Ann's mouth. 

Ginny had stopped riding Kevin's cock, and Kevin just held her -- their bodies still tightly coupled between their respective thighs, as they watched in curiosity and awe while we ate each other in this new position.

"Wow!" Kevin whispered over Ginny's ear. "Would you want to do that?"

"Hell, yeah! And twice on Saturdays!" Ginny responded. Ginny spun around, now facing Kevin, his cock still up her pussy. "Now, lover, put your baby juice in my twat and we'll stand on the other side of that bed and show them how young lovers do it. You're a strong buck who can fuck me all night long. I want you to stand up and hold me in that same position upside down until you eat me to orgasm!"

"Let's just do it now! You've got plenty of cum for me to eat out of you, already." Kevin countered.

"Alright!" Ginny replied excitedly.

The kids stood up, their nude bodies arousing each other on sight. Kevin bent down a bit while Ginny stood on her hands, in front of him, giving him a great view of her upside down pussy and hot legs. He squatted down, and put his mouth to her pussy, as she let her thighs fall forward onto his shoulders. As Kevin stood up, Ginny bent her thighs behind his back, and used them to keep her in place. Once standing, Ginny's arms went around his bottom and her mouth went around his cock, at least the first 3 inches or so. Her wet, sticky muff was plastered against his face, and her spread thighs were resting on either side of his head. Kevin ate her gaping pussy, and licked her swollen clit as she worked to deep throat his cock for the first time, upside down. Ginny found that more difficult than she first thought, but did not give up. Ginny's legs, spread apart with Kevin's head in between, dangled behind Kevin's back, wiggling as their bodies moved in response to each other's mouth. 

Kevin's hands roamed all over Ginny's upwardly exposed ass, eventually putting a finger gently against her cum covered asshole, probing it as he licked cum from her well used pussy. Deep down, Kevin was unsure at first whether he wanted to taste his own cum in his mouth after putting it inside Ginny's pussy. But he was so turned on at the sight of his nude girlfriend upside down with her legs spread, and her shaved pussy gaping open in lust for him that he forgot his phobia and delved in. Kevin found that Ginny's juices were tasteless now that she had his cum in her -- as if their combined love juices neutralized their distinctively different tastes.

As Kevin eagerly ate his woman's muff, he thought back to her comment about giving him ALL of her body, even her ass if he wanted it. He looked at her lovely spread ass, and knew he did indeed want inside of it too. As he passionately ate her, he gently probed her bottom with cum covered finger, first fingering around her opening, making her quiver in sexual excitement at being touched by her lover there. Upon seeing her body's positive response, he dipped his finger into her cum filled cunt for lubrication, and smeared it around her bottom. Slowly he pushed into her, then backed out. Again and again, millimeter by millimeter, he put about a half inch of his index finger inside of Ginny's ass.

Ginny was upside down, with her thighs and her boyfriend's hands holding her up. At first she felt as though she may fall, but she soon realized that Kevin was strong enough to hold her, and that unless he fell, her legs, balanced over his shoulders, would hold her up, even if she didn't have her hands around his ass. Her long brown hair hung down to the ground as she impaled her mouth on his raging, throbbing hard on. Blood rushed to her head. Her hands reached around, between his legs to fondle his large balls. Ginny's pussy felt like it was about to explode. Her ass was electrified by his finger! She was definitely about to cum!

Meanwhile Ann's orgasm sprayed my face with her cum as I basked in her warm, womanly juice, letting it run down my neck and chest. I grasped her ass tightly as Ann pulled her mouth off my cock and gasped for air. Ann was shaking uncontrollably as she came, moaning and screaming alternatively as each wave of orgasm hit her body like a tidal wave in rhythmic sequence and uncontrollable force. I was so proud to have released the woman in her, and equally proud that she let down her body's defenses totally to me -- trusting me -- and letting herself go in sexual freefall. I was pleased that Ann's trust was rewarded with such strong and repetitive pleasure. 

I leaned back slowly onto the bed, Ann's body lying on mine. Ann rolled to her left so she could see the foot of the bed, as I looked to my right -- both of us watching in awe the young couple in the throes of oral lovemaking while standing up. My thumb found its way into Ann's pussy as her hand grasped my still erect cock, and we settled down to enjoy the show.

Ann found herself aroused at the strength of her son, as he held his woman and ate her muff. She admired his small, round ass and big balls hanging down below Ginny's mouth. She appraised the size of his 8 inch erection, which Ginny took partially into her mouth, filling her whole face. She found her pussy getting wetter at the erotic sight before her as she thought of them, not as her son, but as sexy young people. Then Ann realized that Ginny was about to cum.

My cock twitched in Ann's hand as I watched Ginny's beautiful ass being fingered by Kevin, who now had perhaps an inch of his index finger inside of her wet bottom. I admired her lovely thighs, alternatively spread wide, then closing tightly against Kevin's cheeks each time his tongue pleasured her between her thighs. Her cries and moans were beautiful -- seductive -- and sufficient reinforcement to keep her lover going. And then I realized Ginny was about to cum!

Ginny's pussy exploded -- her vaginal muscles spasmed in waves from deep within outward, shooting Kevin's cum up from the depths of her newly stretched cunt like the flow of a volcano, pouring over her swollen vaginal lips, and running down both her ass and her tummy. Simultaneously, her pussy sprayed her own feminine cum -- spraying Kevin's face with a flood of warm vaginal liquid like a waterfall. Kevin was not prepared for, nor experienced in causing such an immense orgasm. In pleasant surprise, Kevin stepped backward, hitting the foot of the bed, then stumbled backward onto our bed. Ginny's legs fell over Ann as Ginny looked in surprise as she fell forward onto Kevin, upside down. Kevin's cock fell out of her mouth, and for the second time in the day, Kevin gushed cum all over Ginny's face.

No one was hurt, and we all ended up on the bed, nude, together. Ginny was in a 69 over Kevin, their faces still against each other's crotch, and Ann and I were in a side by side 69, our hands still between each other's legs.
