 After 18 year old Ginny came on top of her new husband, Kevin and Kevin's mom came on top me, the four of us visited on my bed in the early hours of Sunday morning.

"Ann, I so understand your comment yesterday about how hard it is for you to keep my father's cum inside of you! Just walking nude to your room tonight I dripped Kevin's seed not only down both of my legs, but also right onto the floor! Before making love for the first time tonight, I would have surely thought I'd be embarrassed to drip cum from between my thighs like that, but truthfully, I'm proud of what your son puts into me, and I like showing off that I've had him deep in my belly -- and taken his seed deep into my womb. I like the feel of Kevin's hands on the inside of my cum coated thighs, and want people to see my bare thighs and know what Kevin's done to me -- in me. I can't wait until my pregnancy is far enough for my tummy to show everyone the pride I feel right now that I've had him and his seed up inside of me without birth control. I'm proud that I'm woman enough to have his child the first night I gave myself to him. And I'm proud that the first time he took a woman, he picked only me, and he boldly put his child into me." 18 year old Ginny said.

I rubbed Ann's bare tummy, thinking of the baby I put inside of Ann the night before. I understood what my daughter meant about showing off. I enjoyed the look of the teenagers when they saw my cum running on Ann's thighs yesterday afternoon. And I basked in the pride that Ann was still fertile and woman enough to bear my child.

Ginny excused herself to use the master bedroom, walking slowly, her wide hips swaying beautifully -- rising young Kevin's cock yet again. Ann immediately got up behind her, swinging her bare ass too - to the enjoyment of her lover and her son, as she joined Ginny in the master bathroom.

Once in there, Ginny turned to Ann in glee, and hugged her, pressing her small pointed, breasts against Ann's large, round tits, as Ann put her arms around Ginny's lower back, then dropped her hands down to Ginny's full ass, and hugged back. Ginny's hands then dropped to Ann's full ass, as they continued to hug. "I'm having your stud muffin son's baby!" Ginny replied. "And you are having Kevin's newest baby brother or sister!" 

Ginny sat on the toilet, and before she went, she remarked, "Oooh, Ann! I can smell Kevin between my legs! I mean his sperm is coming out of me now and it smells so hot! I'm so horny from the smell! I swear I'm going to mount him as soon as I'm done here! Is that bad of me or what? 

Ann looked at Ginny's nipples, noticing how hard they became as Ginny smelled Kevin's seed between her legs. "No, Ginny, its not. Its part of the joy of being a loved woman. In fact I really enjoy the feel and smell of your father's musky, manly cum between my thighs just standing her now. Sitting on the toilet makes more of him come out, and his manly scent increases. On our honeymoon I'll show you a neat idea that will let you immediately fulfill your desires you are feeling right now, Ginny."

"Ann, do you always feel so aroused when you go to the bathroom after fucking dad?" Ginny asked. I feel like that right now, and Kevin isn't even in here.

"Absolutely. I love the smell of your dad's seed as it runs out of me. I think it's our bodies' way of telling us we need refills of our men. And make no mistake, our men are in here -- their sperm is in here -- in both of us, on both of us, and we both smell it, and are turned on by it!" Ann laughed.

"Ann? Would you mind standing in front of me? You really make me feel so open by your openness to me. It means a lot to me. Thanks!"

Ann came before Ginny, who was still seated on the toilet, and stood, nude, before her.

"Would you mind spreading your thighs a bit, to let me smell dad's seed?." Ginny begged.

Ann stood in front of Ginny and spread her curvy thighs wide, showing Ginny the thick, white sperm from my recent orgasm that clung to her pussy lips, and the dried sperm that coated her inner middle thighs from our earlier lovemaking. Ginny smelled my sexy cum which had dripped out of Ann, and it aroused her enough to move Ginny to instinctively put her hand between Ann's thighs, and caress and rub my cum into Ann's pussy lips, without even asking. 

"Hmmm. That feels so good!" Ann purred as she submitted herself to her new daughter-in-law's touch.

Ginny also enjoyed touching Ann's beautiful body and feeling her father's seed. As she continued to rub, Ann dripped more of my cum from her full cunt, right onto Ginny's hand, to Ginny's delight.

"Ann?" Ginny asked.

"Yes?"

"You're still dripping him, aren't you?! How much more of Dad is up inside of you?" Ginny exclaimed.

"A lot Ginny! I've been dripping of your father from between my legs for the past 36 hours, non-stop! And I LOVE it!" Ann replied, as Ginny laughed. 

"Ginny, your touch is really soft -- really good." Ann said muskily. "I mean - REALLY good!"

"Ann? Do you want me to stop?" Ginny asked slowly and tentatively. 

"Do you want to stop, Ginny?" Ann replied in a low, sensual voice.

"No." Ginny said quietly as her fingers slowly slid between Ann's gaping lips, half an inch into Ann's cum filled pussy.

"I've never done this before, Ann. I hope I'm doing this right." Ginny said timidly. 

"I haven't either, Ginny. But your touch is so wonderful, and I feel so close to you." Ann responded.

"Good. I feel the same about you." Ginny stated with a sigh of relief. 

Ann looked down at Ginny's beautiful face and asked, "Ginny? Could you? . . . you know?"

"Um Hmm." Ginny replied quietly, as her fingers slid the rest of the way up Ann's womanhood, and Ann spread her thighs further apart to accommodate Ginny's hand.

Ginny slid two slim fingers of her right hand into Ann's cum filled vagina as she pressed her thumb against Ann's large, swollen clit, making Ann jump momentarily at the sexual stimulation. Ginny's fingers probed for Ann's g-spot, listening for Ann's response, as she admired Ann's body. She liked the feel of her father's sperm as she felt inside of Ann. Touching Ann's clit lightly really turned Ginny on too. She felt her own pussy gush with arousal and dripped more of Kevin's cum into the toilet.

Ann's bottom and pussy tightened, her legs spasmed, and she cried out momentarily as Ginny's fingers found Ann's g-spot. Ginny rubbed Ann's hardened nub gently, but firmly, as Ann's breathing intensified and Ann stepped back to lean against the vanity. Ginny dropped to her knees before Ann, and continued to touch her.

Ann's thighs soon began to quiver, and then shake as Ginny continued her exploration of Ann's pussy. Ann gulped, and then moaned as she reached in front of her and put her hands on Ginny's bare shoulders, her breasts jiggling and her thighs shaking in a marvelous, warm orgasm. Her pussy came, shooting five spurts of her warm, slick cum all over Ginny's face and perky breasts, to Ginny's surprised delight. Ginny was able to catch most of the last spurts in her mouth. Ann's taste was wonderful!

"Oh, Ann, you came all over me!" Ginny cooed. "That's so hot! No wonder Kevin likes it when I squirt on him!"

Ginny removed her cum coated hand from Ann and put it between her own legs, shoving her middle finger up her own cunt.

"Ann, is it OK for us to touch each other and ourselves in front of our men?" Ginny inquired timidly. "I'd really like it -- that is, if you like it. I'm not gay or anything -- I've never touched a woman before. But when we are all together, and are so close - I don't mind any one of us touching the other -- I kinda like it. Is that sick that I get this horny?"

"Ginny, its perfectly fine to feel sexy, and to do what your body directs you to do -- to follow your urges and share them with your family." Ann answered. "I'm not gay either, but your body really turns me on, Ginny. I love watching you use it with Kevin, too. And if you want, I'd like to touch you too."

Ann put her own hand to her pussy, squeezed her vaginal muscles tightly, and squirted my cum onto her fingers. Ginny watched in wonder and did the same with her own body. Both women stood up, facing each other.

The women kissed as their cum coated fingers went between each other's thighs, and they rubbed each other gently. Ginny's tongue pressed eagerly into Ann's mouth as she felt Ann's finger. Ann responded to Ginny's touch with a long tongue inside Ginny's mouth.

The women's kiss ended, their hands then withdrew, and each gently fondled the other's breasts. 

Ann then said, "Let's save this surprise for the men on our Honeymoon Monday night, and do this before them then, shall we?"

Ann stood before Ginny, legs spread, and dripped a thick load of my sperm down her left thigh as Ginny watched. Ginny pressed her own vaginal muscles together, making Kevin's cum drip down her own left thigh. The women looking knowingly at each other, bonded more deeply than anyone could know, and returned to the bedroom.

When Ginny came out, her small nipples were rock hard, and she looked like she was about to burst in arousal. Ginny had one hand on her right breast, and her right hand between her thighs, touching her swollen clit between her visibly spread lips without shame as she came back onto the bed. "Kevin, I am so horny! When using the bathroom, I felt and smelled your seed running out of me, and it was so intoxicating -- so erotic -- that I felt the need to have your masculine body in me before I even finished going to the bathroom! 

Ginny unabashedly climbed onto her new husband's cock and rode him hard without shame before Ann and I for a few minutes, saying, "Deeper, Kevin. That's it. Thrust upward, lover! Show me how long your cock is, Kevin! Shove it all up me! Faster, stud. I'm so in heat, Kevin! Almost ... oh, yeah, Kevin. Give it all to me! Oh, there's your seed! Yes! Fill me up, Ooooh! I'm commmming, too, Kevin!"

I watched Ginny's body gyrate, her small perky breasts and long hard nipples. I admired her wide bottom as she rode Kevin back and forth, and up and down. 

Ann watched in fascination as she saw her son's thick, long cock slide in and out of Ginny's body, pleasing her a bit more with each thrust. Kevin's face during his orgasm inside of Ginny said it all, and Ann missed none of that blissful look in her son. Ann knew her son was releasing his seed into Ginny, while Ginny was screaming Kevin's name during her orgasm, and bouncing out of control on his hard cock.

"I really enjoy watching the two of you making love." Ann mentioned after Ginny and Kevin came together. "It makes me want your Dad up in me even more, Ginny, when I see your bare bottom and spread thighs being mounted by my son."

"Did it bother you, Dad, to see your daughter being fucked hard?" Ginny asked.

"No. You've said your vows, conceived a grandchild before me, and are so in love. For two lovers who just had sex for the first time, you've really got some erotic moves. I hope you are comfortable with the fact that you two turn Ann and me on."

"I love watching the two of you too." Ginny replied. "Dad you have such a long, thick cock to give Ann! I enjoy watching you inside of her body - her mouth or her pussy. And I sure hope my body is half as good as yours, Ann, when I'm 35." Ginny exclaimed.

Ginny backed off her husband's cock and curled up in his arms, letting his hands caress her B cup breasts and pinch her eraser tip nipples.

"So what do you want to do for our honeymoon, Monday? Separate rooms, or together?" Ginny asked Ann and I. 

"I'd enjoy lovemaking before the two of you, if you don't mind a major invasion of your honeymoon privacy." Ann replied.

"I'd prefer to have you here with us to guide us and answer questions and show us new ways for Kevin and me to enjoy each other's bodies. And I'd like to talk about lovemaking as Ginny's pregnancy advances. I'd like to know what to do when she's too pregnant to want my body."

"Oh, Kevin, that's not a problem for many women, at least not for me, and I suspect Ginny will be the same. You see, when we are carrying your children, we want your bodies even more than we want our men tonight -- and this is true all the way to labor. Sexual positions will need to change at some point, but I'll tell you that Jake has his work cut out for him now that he's impregnated me! I'm going to want more from my man now!"

"At your service, lover!" I replied. "But, we can't really have uncensored sex at home this week during the day with the four younger kids." I mentioned. "What if we get a sitter for them and we go to a hotel or something for a couple days for a honeymoon?"

"Great idea, Dad." Ginny replied. 

"Do we get a suite with two bedrooms or one room with two beds?" Ann asked. "What do our kids want?"

"I want to see you guys when you're lovemaking as much as you'll let us. I'd like to have you making love in the same room as us. I don't want to miss anything of your style while Kevin is up inside of me." Ginny replied. "I'm not ashamed to say my Dad's cock turns me on as much as Kevin's and my mother in law has such a beautiful body I can see why Dad is hard all the time. Just watching the two of you get your sexy bodies on was a real learning experience, and it's made me open up to Kevin really fast -- I mean, fast enough to open up my thighs, open up my womb, and to accept six BIG batches of Kevin's seed until I conceived his child tonight! Dad and Ann, you really get me aroused, and that makes me give myself more fully and frequently to Kevin."

"Our men do deliver a lot more sperm than most guys, Ginny. Please enjoy that and don't take Kevin's sperm for granted. I've never felt cum more inside of me than when Jake delivers it, and I've watched how much of Kevin comes out of you, Ginny, and would say with his frequent orgasms, he's delivering more cum inside of you tonight than most women get in a month." Ann explained.

"So, where did you two learn that totally hot oral sex move?! Eating each other upside down was so fucking hot!" Kevin inquired.

"That was your Mom's move, Kevin, and not the first hot one she's had since we made love Friday night! She's an untamed animal in bed, and I'm very lucky to have her -- in more ways than one." I exclaimed.

"Then tomorrow I'll get one room with two beds and a hot tub, for a couple days -- how's that sound? Good thing we're doing this before college starts." Ann said.

Ann and I lay down on the bed in a 69 position, on our sides, to watch the younger couple become one flesh again on the end of the bed. Ginny spread her legs wide right in front of me, her pussy lips obviously loose and open from Kevin's relentless fucking, his thick sperm from his last recent orgasm slowly flowing from her open vagina down her ass. Ginny looked seductively at me, and smirked, as she intentionally squeezed a sizeable amount of cum out of her pussy to show me her newfound skill, and the volume of her lover's seed still inside of her. Kevin's face dipped between Ginny's outspread thighs, and lapped the cum up, before French kissing her deeply. When their lips parted, Ginny turned to us and stuck out her tongue, showing the creamy cum Kevin gave her via his mouth, before Ginny erotically swallowed it before all of us.

"Kevin put the same cum inside of me -- twice!" Ginny proudly exclaimed. "Kevin, you are such a fucking hot lover!"

As Kevin turned around and mounted Ginny missionary style, pulling her legs into the air, Ginny remarked, "Kevin, I can't eat enough of your seed inside of me! Any part of me! And your cum tastes soooo good!"

Ann watched with increasingly higher sexual desire at her son's hard, long cock as he shoved it gently into his new bride's body, piercing her pussy for perhaps the tenth time since dinner. Ann's nipples hardened as she admired his big balls bounce off Ginny's full bottom. Then Ann came -- hard -- on my mouth, spraying my face without warning as her bottom convulsed in pleasure.

Ann and I both listened intently at the sound of their bodies fucking -- the sloppy, slurping noises of Kevin's body entering and pulling out of Ginny's sopping wet cunt. Ginny was no longer embarrassed at the sounds of their lovemaking, and was, in fact, getting aroused by the sounds of their bodies in heat as well.

"Ready, Ginny?" Kevin asked, as he knew his body was preparing to deliver more cum in his bride. "I'm going to fill you up, lover!"

"Empty your big balls in me, stud." She panted. " Fill my pussy and womb until I overflow. CUM IN ME, KEVIN!" Ginny shouted.

Kevin thrust deeply into my daughter, and held his cock in her as he came. Kevin moaned with each squirt as Ginny grabbed his back, dug her nails into him, and yelled, "More, lover!" after each of Kevin's seven squirts.

"You came a lot, lover. You really turned me on!" Ginny cooed.

"Your body makes me do that, Ginny, and I'm so glad you like what you make me do inside of you!" Kevin responded.

Kevin and Ginny looked at Ann and my tired, nude bodies in the middle of slow, erotic, oral sex, and excused themselves to let us devour each other slowly while they enjoyed more lovemaking in their room before dawn came and Kevin had to go to the basement to appear as though he'd slept there.

Ann opened her throat to my cock, and for nearly forty minutes devoured my manhood until I gave her a warm, thick flow down her eager throat. Ann went to sleep on top of me in a 69 position - her thighs spread and straddling me -- my seed still running out of her pussy from prior lovemaking -- right onto my face. As the sun rose, I pressed my tongue into Ann's used cunt to awaken her, then pulled her on top of me, where I sucked her full breasts as she rode me sleepily, then with more and more energy, as my body lit her body's fire. Ann jiggled faster and faster, coming constantly, soaking my crotch with her cum as she cried out in satisfaction. "Give it to me, Jake!" Ann cried. "Put your seed inside of me!" 

I continued to suck her breasts, leaving red love marks all over both of her mounds that will soon turn dark. 

My rigid rod pulsated in Ann, squirting hard several times to Ann's pleasure. "Oh, yes, Jake. I feel you coming, Jake! Oh! Jake!" Ann yelled passionately as her orgasm started in full force, squeezing the remaining seed from my rod as she screamed, "Gawd, Jake, you're so deep! And still coming in me! Yes, lover! I'm there! Oh, yes!" Ann then exploded like I've not seen her do before. Her breasts pulled from my mouth and she jiggled them before my face as she said over and over, "Cuming . . . Oh', I'm Cuming - Again!"

Ann wrapped herself in a short robe that just covered her bottom, with no panties, and I put on some shorts and a robe. We joined Ginny and Kevin in the kitchen for morning coffee. The younger children were still asleep. 

Ginny's robe was thin, showing her dark areolas and small hard nipples. Ginny obviously wore nothing beneath her robe either. Ginny's upper robe fell open as she reached across the table for some toast, exposing her left breast and tummy nearly down to her belly button.. Kevin and I stared shamelessly at her beautiful body, noticing in astonishment her freshly sucked left breast, which, though small, had well over six hickies on it. Ginny looked up with a prideful smile as she closed her robe and said, "I guess you all saw that Kevin's already had breakfast in bed this morning."

Ann, who was standing at the counter, quietly let her robe slip open completely -- baring her whole body for the three of us to see. Cum was of course visibly running down her inner thighs, and we all stared in wonder at her beautiful, large breasts, both of which were almost completely covered in dark circles. 

"Ann!" Ginny exclaimed. "Your breasts didn't look like that when we left you earlier! I see Dad has quite a morning appetite as well. Of course, he has a lot more to eat than Kevin does." Ginny laughed.
