 6 - Marriage

Upon arriving at the Vegas airport at midnight, Ann and I, along with Ann's college son, Kevin and my college daughter, Ginny, took a cab to the Bellagio Hotel, where we quickly left our bags in the two queen size beds in our room. The women thought of touching up their hair until they realized they were too aroused, it would take so long, only to get messed up after the double couple wedding ceremony.

The four of us went downstairs and grabbed a cab to the license office, where I paid the $110 for two marriage licenses. Then another cab took us to the wedding chapel Ann had booked for us. It was nicely decorated, and very classy, more than I expected for a Vegas wedding chapel. 

The hostess smiled as she asked if we were a double wedding, to which we replied, "yes." She also asked if we would serve as witnesses to each other's weddings, to which we also relied, "yes."

"Would you like separate rooms to get ready, or would you prefer one room?" she asked us, addressing mainly the ladies. Ann and Ginny looked at each other, giggled, and said in unison, "One room, please."

The hostess led us down a carpeted, softly lit hallway to a quiet dressing room which had four softly covered benches, some wall hooks, and many mirrors. The room was warmly lit, but not dazzlingly bright. The hostess showed us where the intercom was located, and told us that when we were ready, to buzz on the intercom, and someone would come and bring us to the wedding chapel, through a second door in the room. She told us we were the only couple scheduled for the next hour, so we could take our time before and after the wedding, as she winked at the women, then wished us good luck and quietly left.

We all removed our clothing, the men on one side and the women on the other. It took less than 30 seconds, whether because we were scantily clad or because we were so practiced in its removal was a subject of baudy debate.

Ann looked at her son, Kevin's semi-rigid, and already thick cock as she stood before us, with nipples hard and vagina wet, then turned to me, thinking that soon she would mount my body under the sanction of the State of Nevada. She wore only her belly button ring, and her ankle bracelet. Ann then reached into her purse and pulled out a gold chain which she threaded through her belly ring, and hooked around her 30" waist, letting it hang almost to her pubic line, and rest against her hips.

Daughter Ginny looked at my cock, fully erect at the sight of two beautiful women, both of whom I wanted to have beneath me, thighs spread apart, before the desert sun rose again. Ginny looked lustfully at me, licking her finger as she admired my strong body, and fantasized conceiving her second child with her father next year. Ann gave Ginny a gold chain as well which Ginny fastened around her slender, 26" waist.

Kevin was so excited to see his mother and new wife standing nude and beautiful in full light before him, and the sight of Ann's new jewelry brought his erection to full size, to both women's delight. 8" and 6" circumference of teen aged man pointed at the ladies, as each thought of the thrill they would have as they each took their turn with his cock tonight.

I looked at Ann's just impregnated body, which I caused, 3 nights ago, and my daughter's just impregnated body which Kevin caused 2 nights ago in Ann's and my presence, and I longed to become one with each of the beauties tonight.

Ginny put her arm seductively around Ann's waist, and whispered something slow and quiet in Ann's ear. Ann listened intently, then responded with a smile and said, "Why, yes, of course." That answer made Ginny's mouth fly up and her face light up in joy.

Ann buzzed the chapel attendants on the intercom, telling them we were ready, and the second door opened shortly afterward, to display a preacher standing in a chapel setting. We walked into the room and stood before him, Ann and I on the left and Kevin and Ginny on the right, all nude. I gave the preacher the rings, which Ann and I had bought the day before, and the preacher commenced the ceremony.

The preacher married Ann and I first, with Ginny and Kevin as witnesses. Upon pronouncing us husband and wife, the preacher said, "Jake and Ann, if you are comfortable, you may now make love as husband and wife." I was already proudly hard in the presence of Ann's beautiful body. Ann put her arms around my neck, hopped upwards, threw her legs around my waist, and slid down my pole as the children watched proudly. I grabbed Ann's 40" wide ass, and pumped myself up into her passionately, as her hair swung and her 36DD breasts mashed against my chest. The party watched in fascination for five minutes as Ann's hips bucked faster and faster and I thrust upward faster and faster until Ann screamed without reserve, "Oh, God! I'm there, Jake. Oh, I'm coming! Oh, yes, squirt it your new wife – give me your baby juice!"

As Ann began to cum, her vagina seized up on my cock, gripping me so hard my sperm squirted out, all while she continued to cum. 

Ann lowered herself slowly onto her feet, as my seed dripped down her inner thighs, and onto the thick carpet. She stood a bit unsteadily, as we both caught our breath.

The preacher then turned to Kevin and Ginny, and married them, as Ann and I watched with my arm around her, fondling her breast as her hand stroked my semi-rigid cock.

Upon pronouncing my daughter and Ann's son husband and wife, the preacher said, "Kevin and Ginny, you may now make love as husband and wife. I gather you are already comfortable in doing such before Jake and Ann." Ginny followed Ann's lead, jumping into Kevin's lap and waiting 8" erection. Kevin quickly thrust up into Ginny as she wiggled her ass forward and back frantically. Ginny came in less than a minute with Kevin shooting his baby juices into her during her whole orgasm. 

After Ginny caught her breath, the preacher remarked that he'd never seen a couple make love so intensely or a woman cum so soon. Ginny smiled and said it was all she could do to hold her orgasm at bay during the ceremony. It was swelling up inside of her as soon as she slid down her husband's cock.

By now both women were dripping their respective husband's seed down their inner thighs. The preacher left us for a few minutes, alone, and Ann spread her thighs seductively for both her husband and her son, and dripped a large blob of my seed onto the floor. Ginny smiled, and squeezed her own vaginal muscles tightly, shooting out quite a volume of Kevin's seed down her left inner thigh.

Ann then came up to Ginny, put her arm around Ann's waist, and said, "Men, we are now one family. Ginny and I are bearing our husband's children right now, but as one family, we want to be one with our family – each and every member, if you'll permit us. Kevin, my body is yours as much as its Jakes. You may lie with me when and if you desire. I deeply desire to make love to you, and bear children with both you and Jake. Although we are certain this first child is Jake's, all new children shall be my men's – Jake's and Kevin's, if you wish to impregnate me, Kevin. I'm not using birth control, so its just a matter of watching my calendar, which I'll post on the inside of our bedroom closet, if you wish to know my basil temperature and the dates of my periods. I've talked at length with Jake about this, and he's given me his enthusiastic approval."

"Mom, with Jake and I sleeping with you, I'm not sure you'll ever have another period again. Yes, I want to give you my love, and my children. You are not only a loving woman, but so sexy. I'm glad to have two beautiful women who want my body inside of theirs, and my seed inside of them."

Ginny then turned to me and said, "Dad, we are one family group, and I want to seal that physically with you. I've got Kevin's child inside of me, but I want your children inside of me too, and I don't care who makes me pregnant – the children will each be both of yours. I want to lie with you, make passionate love to you, and conceive by you, too. And I truly mean that we are one family group. When you studs are recovering from passionate lovemaking with us, Ann and I will be turning each other on, in your presence."

Ginny then turned to kiss Ann, giving her tongue openly as her left hand reached between Ann's slightly spread thighs, put a finger in her pussy, pulled it out, and broke off the kiss so that she could lick her father's cum off her finger.

Kevin and I stared in awe at our beautiful nude, women, speechless. However, our cocks were speaking, as I arose to my daughter and Kevin arose to his mother. 

Kevin's response came first, as he came to his mother, kissed her passionately as he fondled her big breasts, then gently laid her down on the thick carpet and mounted her cum filled pussy.

Ginny, meanwhile, came to me, and we kissed as she felt my cock rising in her hand. She rubbed me passionately until I was hard, then got on her hands and knees before me, offering her body to me, which I gladly accepted. 

Kevin and I pounded our women's pussies, making them orgasm over a ten minute period. Ann came 3 times before she felt her son's manhood deliver the first of many shots of his baby juice deep inside of her. 

Meanwhile, Ginny enjoyed he first experience of my pounding cock for 20 minutes, as Kevin continued to fondle and become acquitted with Ann as a lover now, as the two lay with each other, Ann now laying on top of Kevin, her legs spread and straddling him, and her breasts pressed against her son's chest, as his hands fondled her wide full ass, while her pussy dripped onto his cock. The two turned to their side, and looked on in awe and enjoyment at Ginny's intense coupling with me, as Ginny screamed in womanly pleasure at the beginning of a new wave of orgasms that were now multi-orgasmic. 

Ginny had cum 6 times before I lost count of her climaxes, and she then merged into multi-orgasmic feelings – her pussy spasms pumping my cock. Ginny begged me to release my seed into her, screaming, "Cum in me Dad. I need your seed up me! I need your love inside of me!"

I pumped her faster as she bucked in time to my thrusts. My cock erupted, spewing sperm into her unprotected and impregnated womb. "Oh, yes, Dad, you make me feel soooo gooood! So sexy. And oh, so loved!" 

Ginny then lay down, rolled over, spread her thighs, and opened her arms to me. I lay between her thighs and kissed her deeply for a long time. When we broke the kiss, Ginny breathlessly said as she tried to recover from her last set of orgasms, "I've wanted to come to your room and make love with you for two years now. To show you my love – to feel your love - and of course to feel your wonderful, hard cock up inside of me. I've even wondered what it would feel like to bear your child. I want to do that! It doesn't bother me to think of that, and it really turns me on! My body is as much yours now as it is Kevin's. We're lovers now, Jake. And you can have me – all of me – ANY part of me, when you want it." 

Ginny then whispered softly and seductively in my ear, as she twirled some of my hair in her finger, "ANY part of me, Jake – ANY opening in me. I have no boundaries on my body, Jake. I was a virgin last week, but now I've made love to my husband and my father, and conceived my husband's child. You can do ANYTHING your heart or your body desires, and because you desire it, so will I. I know that if you do it to me, I will enjoy it."

Meanwhile, Kevin, lying on top of Ann, and not a foot from Ginny and I, said, "I've given you my love, by making you cum, and by giving you my seed, Mom. And one day I'll give you my child as well." Kevin then kissed Ann as he fondled her breasts.

"Please call me Ann, Kevin. We're lovers now. Ginny and I are your's and Jake's. Please share us kindly, and treat us gently, because our hearts, along with our bodies, are both yours. Ginny and I submit to your guidance and requests. We submit our weaker, feminine bodies to your manhood for mutual love and pleasure – and we submit our wombs to our men to bear your children and raise your family. Please govern us together with Jake, and do not fight with Jake, but defer to him as the elder, so that your women's hearts are not torn apart. I submit myself joyfully out of deep love for you, Kevin." Ann softly spoke.

"I will be good to you, Ann, and also to Ginny" Kevin replied. "Always. I respect Jake and his wisdom greatly, and am glad to have his guidance. Ann, I've thought of this moment - of lying with you, making love to you, for some time when I knew you were lonely in your bedroom. I heard your orgasms and knew you had to do that for yourself, even as I was making myself cum alone in my own room. That seemed so foolish for both of us to be alone and not loving each other. I wished I could give you my cock in the place of your hand or vibrator, or even use the vibrator on you to please you, to make you feel loved and womanly. And now I can do these things for you. And I'll always cherish this opportunity to love you, Ann. If you ever want me, all you have to do is come to me, Ann, and I'll please you. I want to learn from you! Please teach me how to be a better lover, not only for you, but also for Ginny! I want to show you both the depths of my love with my body, but I know I don't know how to use my body fully for that purpose, or how to please a woman perfectly either. Please show me how to please Ginny – and you – even more, Ann. I want to learn, for both of your benefits." Kevin replied.

Both couples got up, and returned to the dressing room. We then grabbed a cab back to the Bellagio, where we returned to our room, and our honeymoon began!