 Note to Readers:

I have written some stories about 5 years ago and submitted them on another site.

I have not been a fan of this site for very long maybe 9 months or so. I have just submitted my stories on this site one at a time over a period of a month or two and saved my best one for last.

I posted this story last. I got feedback and jeers from readers calling me a rip off and a plagarizer! They said I copied Wundermutt's story back when he submitted it in 2002. He is the plagarizer!!! I submitted it back in 2000 on the other site!!

I just want to make this situation known!

*

It was the summer before going to college. It was also the summer when I got my first job. The neighborhood where I grew up had lots of kids. Most of them were pretty much my age, give or take 3 years. I lived on a dead end street so us kids got along really well and there were only two families that had ever moved away. So we knew each other since we first started walking. The ratio of girls to boys was 2 to 1. But we always seemed to get along no matter what age we reached. 

As we grew up I do recall a few times when us kids got curious about the opposite sex and played the old "I'll show you mine if you show me yours" game. I hear that it is normal behavior and I am glad that I lived in a normal neighborhood. Although if any of the parents found out at the time, they would have freaked out. But it was just looking and no touching. There were only two girls that played the game anyway. But as we got older it became more interesting. This story is about the two girls and myself. 

So now getting back to my summer before college. I am now 18 and Paula was 19. Julie is 18 also. Paula is tall and slender with long blonde hair down to the middle of her back. Blue eyes that sparkle in any light and nice handful size breasts that beg to be touched. Her ass is nice, round and tight and she has a really good tan. Julie is a bit shorter and slightly heavier. She is not fat be any means. In fact, she has a well formed hour glass shape for just being 18. She is a brunette and has short and sassy hair. Her ass is quite nice to look at but her tits are her trade-mark. Julie was one of those girls that developed earlier than most girls in the breast department. Not that she is big in the bust just a bit big for her size. Julie also has a very nice tan. 

Paula and Julie were the best of friends. One was always at the others house. Most of our parents worked during the day except Julie's mom. She hardly ever left the house at all. In fact she never hardly ever came out of the house. That was fine with all of us kids anyway, she was quite the neighborhood bitch. Julie was nothing like her mother. 

One day I was shooting some hoops at Julie's house. Their house was the one on the street that had the best setup for basketball on the driveway. Julie came walking around Paula's house (they were next door neighbors). She stopped and talked to me a little before she went into her house. She was wearing jean cut-off shorts and a T-shirt and I tried not to stare too much at her nipples. They were hard and it was clear that she was not wearing a bra.

As we chatted I noticed that her face was flushed a little and she seemed a little out of breath. She left and went into her house. Just then I heard Paula call for me from her window. Paula's window faced Julie's driveway. I walked over to her window. I stood up on the edge of the window well. Now I could look through the screen window and right into her room. She was kneeling on her bed which was right under her window looking out at me. "Are you out there by yourself?", she asked. 

"Yeah, no one is around today so I'm just here wasting some time. You and Julie girl talkin again?" 

"Well sort of. We were talking about Jeff leaving for the summer and I'm getting depressed already." Jeff was her boyfriend. 

"Auuuuhhh poor baby! It must be rough" I teased. 

"Hey! How would you like it if your girlfriend left for two months?" 

"I probably wouldn't but I can't since I don't have a girlfriend." Not that I never wanted one. I was always too busy with other things. 

"Oh, sorry." She hesitated. "Don't you ever get... well... don't you guys always get... what do you do when... " 

Getting a little impatient with her stammering around I said, "Jesus, Paula what?" 

"Oh never mind." she changed the subject, "You thirsty? I got some cold Pepsi in here." 

"Yeah, sure. Thanks." I replied. 

She got up from her bed just before I got down from the window well. I just happened to see her get up and turn away from the window. Her T-shirt slid down her back as she stood up from the bed and I saw her bare ass for just a split second. 

As I rounded the house to the back door, I wondered if I was going to be able to see some more of her sweet ass. 

I walked into the kitchen of her house. She came around the corner from the living room in her T-shirt that hung down to her mid thighs. I stared at her tanned, smooth legs for a while before I put the ball down on the floor. Paula walked over to the fridge and took out a couple of bottles of Pepsi. She walked past me and went into the living room and sat down on the sofa. I took the chair by the front door across from her. "So where's Tammy?" I asked. Tammy was Paula's older sister. 

"She's been helping dad at the shop all week." she replied as she drew her legs up under her. "Julie has been here all morning. She left to go and get measured up for a wedding she's going to be in." 

We talked for a while as we drank our Pepsi and I kept trying to get a good look under Paula's shirt every time she moved around. Then I asked, "So what were you trying to ask me out there a bit ago?" 

"What? When?" 

"Just a bit ago when I was talking to you from outside." I pointed out. "What were you mumbling about. You were trying to find a way to ask me something." 

"Oh that." she blurted. "Oh nothing. I shouldn't ask." 

"You shouldn't ask what?" I persisted. "You can ask me anything. I don't mind." 

"I was just wondering that if... well since you don't have a girlfriend... do you ever get... what do you do?... Jesus I can't ask this." 

I had an idea what she was getting at but I let her stumble her way to get to the point anyway. "You're not a virgin are you?" Paula looked up and asked me. 

Wham! There's a question to ask a guy. "Well... I haven't fucked a girl yet but I have done other things." I replied. 

"Oh you have huh?" Paula said with a wide grin. "So what have you done so far?" she eagerly asked. 

"I... uh... I'm not telling you that. No way!" 

"Oh come on Randy. It's okay. I promise I won't tell anyone else." Paula confirmed. 

Then I got a bright idea. "If I tell you, you have to tell me also." 

Paula hesitated then said, "Okay I can live with that but as long as you promise not to tell anyone either." 

"Okay, it's a deal." I agreed. "Like I said, I've never fucked a girl. Yet. But I have felt them up and fingered a couple of girls." 

"Anyone I know?" Paula asked. 

"Ah... no way! I'm not telling you that much." 

"So have any of the girls done anything with you?" 

"I've gotten a couple of hand jobs and one girl sucked me off once!" I revealed. Paula sat there and just grinned at me. "So... have you and Jeff had sex yet?" 

"You can probably guess that we already have for as long as we have been seeing each other." 

That was true. I kind of figured that out a while back. I realized that I didn't gain any more information from her but she sure did from me. 

"Don't you ever wonder what it would be like?" Paula asked. 

"Well yeah, who wouldn't?" 

"But don't you ever get all worked up and excited when you think about it?" 

"Pretty much every time." I laughed. 

"So do you ever do anything about it?" she quietly asked. She was looking right at me too. 

"I... you know I don't have a steady girlfriend.", I quickly changed the subject. "Not like you and Jeff. I knew that you guys have done it." I admitted. There was no way that I was going to tell her that I jerk off. 

"That's why I am upset that he is leaving." she revealed. "I mean we do it all of the time it seems. But now he's leaving for the summer and I'm still going to want him when he is gone. It's not going to be the same." Paula sat there and paused a bit. I didn't want to say anything. I didn't really know what to say. I could tell that she was really bummed out.

Then she began talking softly as though she were talking to herself. "I can't be away from him any more than a couple of days before I feel like I'm going to burst open. I get all worked up when I think about him. I start thinking about the things we do when we are together and I can't help it. Next thing I know I'm in my bed fingering myself or sometimes Julie will come over and we play with ---". 

She cut herself off and slapped her hands on her mouth as she looked at me in shock. "Oh my god!", she mumbled through her hands. The reality of exposure swept over her like a freight train. "Don't you dare tell anyone!" 

I couldn't say a word. I was surprised and turned on by what she revealed. I just nodded my head and finally said, "your secret is safe with me, Paula! But since I know, you'll have to tell me more." 

Feeling more than ashamed, Paula brought her knees up to her chin and wrapped her arms around them. Her T-shirt was covering her knees. But her nicely tanned calves were exposed. Her feet were spread apart a little and I could see her tanned ass and pussy. My eyes were glued to her pouting pussy lips that were surrounded with light short pubic hair. Her lips were sticking out. They were very pink and they were glistening with wetness. I could feel my prick getting hard under my shorts and it was getting very uncomfortable. How could she not know that she was flashing her pussy at me?

Then she said, "You never answered my question, Randy." 

I stumbled a bit on my response, "Ah... wha... what?... which question?" 

"Do you ever do anything when you get horny?" Again she was looking right at me. My eyes moved from her face to her exposed pussy again. 

"Well I... I mean... sometimes... well... ", this was really putting me on a spot. 

"It's okay Randy, I do it all the time. You can tell me. Don't you ever play with yourself?" She really wanted an answer from me. 

"I do sometimes... but I don't do it all the time.", I lied. My eyes must have gotten big or something while I stared at her pussy. 

"What's wrong?" Paula asked. I snapped out of my gaze and tried to situate myself in the chair to help hide my throbbing cock. I put my hands in my lap to try to hide the evident bulge. 

"You really have no idea do you?" I asked. 

"Well I guess it's hard for a guy to admit to a girl that they play with themselves. Most girls would think that it is sick or something. I think that it's a big turn on!" She said this while she began to swing her knees apart and back together again in a steady movement.

My eyes were instantly glued to her pussy again. "So how often do you do it?" she asked. 

"ah... oh... well maybe once or twice." I managed to squeak out. 

"You've only done it once or twice in all or is that a month, a week, or what?" Her knees continued to swing back and forth. 

With a glazed look on my face I replied, "oh... a week I guess." 

"Randy, what the heck is wrong with you?" she asked again. 

"Gees Paula, you really have no idea?" I asked returning my look to her face. 

"You're just staring at me with those weird looking eyes like you're not listening to me." 

"Oh, I'm listening... and I'm seeing as well!" I implied. She looked at me with a questionable look. "You've been showing me your bare ass since you brought your knees up and I can see everything!" 

She quickly dropped her feet to the floor. "Oh my god!" she blurted. Her face turned bright red and she began to get up off the sofa. 

"Don't worry about it Paula." I tried to ease her embarrassment. "It was an accident. I'm sorry. I should have told you when you first brought your legs up." 

"Why didn't you?" 

"Well I... I uh... " I stammered. She looked at me and gave a small grin. 

"So did you like what you saw?" Paula asked. 

"Couldn't you tell by the way I was staring at you?" 

"Hmmmm maybe. Move your hands from your lap." Paula insisted. 

"Ha ha, no way!" I said. 

"Are you hard? Did you get hard looking at me?" She got up from the couch and walked over to me. "Come on, let me see!" I leaned forward in the chair in embarrassment to help conceal my boner. "Show me. Show me that you're hard." She persisted. "You got to see mine so it's only fair that you show me yours." Boy did that bring back memories. 

I slowly leaned back into the chair and moved my hands away from my lap. My cock had never been as hard as it was just then. My shorts did nothing to hide the fact that I was hard. The head of my cock was straining to peek its head through the top of my shorts. I looked up at Paula and she was staring at the bulge in my shorts. "I bet you feel like playing with it right now don't you?" she softly asked. 

All I could do is nod my head. She turned and began to walk away. She reached the kitchen and said, "Let's go downstairs. I wanna show you something." 

I curiously got up from the chair and followed her downstairs. We entered the family room where the TV was and where they had another sofa and two beanbag chairs. Paula switched on some lights and went to the corner of the room and pulled out some blankets from behind the sofa and covered the sofa with the blankets. She turned around and faced me and asked, "Have you ever seen a girl totally naked before?" 

"Well yeah I've seen them in the magazines and don't you remember that time when Kent and I got Julie to pull her pants down a long time ago?" 

"No, that's not what I mean." She explained. "I'm talking about a real live girl right in front of you, totally naked." 

"No." I replied. "Not totally naked. I've had their pants down of bras off, stuff like that." 

"Have you ever seen a girl play with herself?" She asked. 

"Not for real, just what I see in magazines." 

"Well I have... but I have never seen a guy play with himself." Paula pointed out. "Not even Jeff and I really would like to. He won't do it for me and I know he does it but he always tells me that he doesn't." she said with a little disappointment. "See what I mean about guys not telling us girls things?" Paula sat down on the sofa and looked right at me with a determined look. "I would love to watch a guy play with himself 

"You've seen a girl play with herself?" I asked quickly. I had to change the subject again. I felt that Paula was in total control of everything that was about to happen. "Who did you see, your sister?" 

"No, not Tammy. Julie." She replied. "In fact, I taught her."

I looked at her in disbelief and sat in one of the beanbag chairs. "After I told Julie that Jeff and I had gone all the way, Julie kept asking me questions about it. Like what did he do? What did I do? Did it hurt? How if felt. Things like that. I told her that it felt really wonderful when he put it inside of me. It felt better than when I do it myself. She had no idea what I was talking about. Finally I just asked her if she ever played with herself down there and made herself feel all tingly inside. She said that she had never done that before and wanted to know what I meant by feeling tingly inside. I told her what she can do to make herself feel that way. She said that she would try it that night in bed after her bath. The next day she came over and told me that nothing ever happened. I told her to just keep trying. So about a couple of months ago she was over here and she started asking questions again and telling me that there must be something wrong with her because she couldn't make herself feel good. I guess I got tired of her bugging me about it. I didn't know what else to do so I just told her to take her clothes off and get on the bed so I could show her what to do."

Paula hesitated then looked at me and said, "Do you want to know what happened next?" 

I was really getting into her story. I sat there in the beanbag chair with the biggest hard on I ever had. I didn't even bother to hide it this time. My shorts were bulging and I was aching. "Yeah, go ahead." I eagerly replied. 

"If I tell you this story, you have to promise not to tell anyone!" Paula said. 

"I promise." I assured with a nod. 

"And... you have to do something for me too." She said sheepishly. 

"Ah... and what do I have to do?" I cautiously asked. 

"I want you to show me how you play with yourself." She replied. 

"No way!" I protested. 

"Oh come on Randy. I know you want to do it." Paula was looking at the bulge in front of my shorts. "I really would love to watch you jerk off right now." 

"I... I dunno... " 

"Okay, I'll make a deal with you." She said. "I'll tell you the rest of the story and show you how I taught Julie how to play with herself. Then you show me how you do it. But we don't touch each other at all. We just watch each other." 

I couldn't believe what she wanted to do. I was so excited I could hardly even talk. "I... I'll do it as long as you promise not to tell anyone." 

"I promise." Paula agreed. Then she asked, "There's one more thing you have to do though before I start." 

"And what's that?" 

"You have to take off your clothes while I tell you this." She explained. "I've seen how hard you are now I want to see your cock. After all, you've just seen me!" 

I guess that she had a good argument and the hard beating in my heart told me that something exciting was going to happen. I've admitted to myself that I have lost any hope of gaining any control of what was to happen next. So I stood up and took off my T-shirt and pulled my shorts and under shorts down to my ankles and stepped out of them. Paula stood there and stared at my throbbing organ and said, "My, my, my." 

"What?" I asked a little bit alarmed. 

"Your cock is longer than Jeff's and the head is much fatter too." 

"Is that bad?" I asked. 

"God no! It looks wonderful!" 

I sat back down on the beanbag chair and removed my shoes and socks. Then Paula said, "No, I want you to sit on that end of the couch and I'll sit on this end." 

I got up and we walked over to the couch. Paula sat on one end and I sat down on the end opposite of her. "Now face me." Paula instructed. 

I turned on the couch and sat kind of Indian style facing her. My cock was throbbing and sticking straight up. I wanted to jerk off so bad right then. Paula just stared at my throbbing cock. She changed her position so that she was sitting Indian style and facing me on the opposite end of the couch. She pulled her T-shirt off and revealed the rest of her tanned body to me. God, she had nice tits but what shocked me the most was the fact that her dark tan showed no lines at all! She caught me staring at her body and said, "That's the nice think about having your own swimming pool! No tan lines." Then she began to continue with her story. 

"Well... at first Julie thought I was crazy for asking her to strip and get on the bed. But then I told her that I wanted to see how she was doing it. So she took off her clothes and sat on the bed. Then she took her hand and just started rubbing herself. Not where you should, just all over. She had no idea what she was doing. So I told her to stop what she was doing so I could show her how I did it. I took off my clothes and climbed on the bed and lay down. I told Julie to turn so that she could see what I was doing." 

"You mean that both of you were on your bed naked?" I interrupted. 

"Yeah, at the time this was the only way I could think of to help show her. I was thinking of reaching out to show her but then I felt that it wasn't right." Paula replied. "I just laid there on my back in front of her and began showing her how I played with myself." Paula looked down at my hard cock again and lay back against the arm of the sofa while she moved one foot to the floor. She straightened out her other leg so that her foot was under my leg. I didn't know what to do but look at her totally exposed pussy. My cock was throbbing to the hard beating of my heart. It was so hard that it hurt. 
