 Natasha was heartbroken. But she wasn't going to let her asshole of an ex-boyfriend ruin her Friday night. This week had been their eight month anniversary and he had called her up and told her he loved someone else.

Asshole.

She had just received her bonus and was planning on gifting him something special but now, there was no need. She'd spent the last two days wallowing and stuffing her face with blueberry ice-cream and watching horror movies - the perfect heartbreak healer. This afternoon when she woke up her reflection was miserable. Her hair matted and curls limp, eyes swollen and puffy. And she hated that he'd made her feel this way.

Not anymore though. Two days was all he got, she thought as she plugged off the diffuser and fluffed her hair. Next came make-up. The crying eyes meant she needed to pay attention to them, her eyebrows were bold and she liked to show them off. A little mascara and smudged eyeliner and she was done. Lips she decided to go neutral with and didn't hold back on the cheekbone highlight.

She took out the new black satin bra that she had bought especially for the anniversary a few weeks ago with matching panties that had a small red ribbon on the front and put them on. Then she picked a white loose and baggy dress that hit her mid-thigh and showed off her legs. It was sleeve-less and low enough on every side to show off her boobs, cleavage and back. Lastly, she let her black hair loose and it fell in beautiful long, glossy waves.

An hour later she was stepping out the cab and walking through the doors of a club. It was super-exclusive but with the extra-money she was able to buy a one-time ticket through the favor of a colleague. The club was for the trust fund babies. The elites and the socialites. The richest of the city. And the club had a reputation for all acts sinful and lustful.

Natasha was looking to be fucked thoroughly and didn't want just anyone to do so. She wanted someone who knew what he was doing.

She had never been the one for one-night stands. It had always fascinated her but she never had the guts. Tonight though it was all going to change. As she showed her pass she was lead down through a set of narrow stairs that led to an equally narrow corridor. It was lit with dim purple lights and all she had to do was follow the sound of thumping music, expensive perfume and alcohol and soon she stood amidst a dancefloor.

The music was loud, the party was already in full swing and the dancing was practically sex happening right there in the open. She glanced a couple of exposed tits in the flashing lights as she made her way to the bar, feeling her excitement build along with the nerves. She ordered two shots and downed them eagerly. Natasha didn't like to be drunk, didn't like the nausea that it inevitably brought on. And she especially wanted to be well aware of everything tonight with just a pleasant buzz to take the edge off.

The time passed on and everything was a blur. She lost count of the times hands mauled her body and the nameless mouths she kissed. It was all a deafening roar in her ears and sweat from the dancing. Almost an hour later she was still dancing, this time grinding her ass against a guy's cock who stood behind her. They had been at it for a song or two and her pussy was soaked. She raised her arms to grab his head and find his mouth and he obliged, kissing her like she was the last woman on earth. Good kissers were promising, she thought, maybe she had found her man for the night.

One of his hands left her waist and squeezed her left boob possessively. She moaned into his open mouth. Then gasped. He had pulled the dress and bra right over it and was proceeding to bend and suck her erect little nipple. She threw her head back against his shoulder as he nipped and sucked. His other hand cupped her between her legs. She was sure she was wet enough for him to feel it despite the two layers of cloth. 

Natasha stopped dancing and pushed back against his cock that was hard as rock between her ass cheeks. Yes, definitely her man tonight. His mouth finally detached and he nibbled on her neck, her wet nipple hardening even more in the chilled air. She turned around and shamelessly rubbed her clit against him, practically begging him to fuck her already.

Just then another pair of hands found her ass, digging firm fingers into the soft flesh. "Mind if I join?" a voice rasped in her ear. At first, annoyance flashed through her, afraid that she'll lose her conquest for the night. But the first guy didn't make any such move. Instead he lifted her up so that her legs locked around his waist and the other guy let her dress hike up to her waist and without ceremony plunged two fingers straight into her slick pussy. A shocked noise escaped her lips, quickly turning into a groan.

"Aren't we eager?"

Natasha could only lean back against his hard chest and pant as he continued driving his fingers slowly but determinedly in and out of her. The first guy leaned forward and licked a path between her breasts. At this point, she didn't care who it was that fucked her, only that she needed it right now.

The two guys though seemed to have other ideas. How and when they got her off the dancefloor she had no clue. Only when the bright fixtures of a bathroom pierced her senses and the music muffled behind the closed door that she realized they had moved. For the first time she caught glimpse of both the guys as well. The first guy was still carrying her and set her on her stilettoed feet on the tiled floor. His eyes were dark and intense and his hair was equally dark and thick and she didn't hesitate to run her fingers through it as she brought her mouth up against him and kissed him. Fuck. The guy was a god with his mouth.

They broke apart for a moment as he stepped back to peel off his t-shirt. Her eyes flicked up to the second guy - ashy brown hair and a strong jaw. And a devilish grin that screamed to devour her alive. She displayed her willingness by licking her bottom lip as guy number two unzipped his fly and pushed his jeans over his slim hips. His cock was stiff and long and glistening with pre-cum. She wasted no time and fell onto her knees in front of him.

If she had known she'd be sucking off a hot guy's cock as another equally sexy guy watched and stroked himself, she would have laughed her head off. And maybe cummed right there. But here she was and she didn't give any shit.

Her slender fingers wrapped around the cock in front of her face and lightly licked the mushroomed head. Fingers knotted in her thick hair as the guy groaned. He pulled her closer and she willingly parted her lips and took as much of him as she could in her mouth. He fucked her mouth as if it was a cunt and her pussy ached in response. She let one hand snake down and started touching herself.

"On your feet," the first guy spoke behind her, his voice impossibly deep.

The brown haired guy loosened his grip as she struggled to her feet but didn't let her break away. Now she was bent at the waist, one boob hanging loose and her panty covered ass exposed to a stranger. He quickly divested her of her soaked underwear and put his face between her legs.

She groaned in relief and pleasure around the cock in her mouth, the vibrations making the guy curse and thrust deeper inside. He hit the back of her throat and she struggled to breathe and not gag but never once made to move away. She didn't want to stop.

The guy behind her made her stance wider, giving him better access and slid his fingers into her pussy as he sucked hard on her clit. Her orgasm snuck up on her and she came, shuddering and moaning, her walls clamping hard on the fingers inside her and drenching his face. He extracted his soaking fingers and plunged one of them into her asshole. She jerked and her orgasm prolonged.

Natasha loved anal sex. Although she had never tried it with anyone. They only thing her asshole had seen was her vibrator. When the guy sensed the ease with which his finger slipped in, he put in more extracting another pleasurable sound from her.

The guy in her mouth let her go and she gasped with the fresh supply of air and the pleasure in her ass. He cupped her face and pushed away the hair falling into it, gathering it all into a tight fist. He then leaned in close. "You're such little slut, you love this don't you?"

A thumb entered her pussy and her eyes rolled into the back of her head, mouth falling open. Glistening with pre-cum and saliva. She was a sight to behold.

Her hair pulled painfully as the guy tilted her head up to him, "I asked you a question."

She opened her eyes, not believing she was actually in this situation, and answered him yes. A slow lick against her swollen nub. Her lids fell back down and she moaned like a puppy.

"Look at me when I talk to you," he growled, giving her hair a sharp tug. She did. His eyes were a beautiful hazel. "What's your name?"

"N-Natasha," she managed between breaths, struggling to keep her eyes open. She was so close once again. She had never been able to cum a second time this fast.

"Well, Natasha," the way he said her name, with a devious smile and an accent the she realized was British, it was the sexiest thing she had ever heard. He proceeded to kiss her, sultry and slow. Sucking her bottom lip. It left her utterly breathless, "I can tell it's going to be a pleasure."

He stood up and seemingly shared a look with the other guy who stopped his ministrations on her, making her frown with disappointment. It was quickly replaced with anticipation as she felt him stand up and line his cock up with her pussy.

He slid in once, slowly and stretching her to dimensions previously unknown to her.

"Fuck," she moaned, straightening and balancing herself by placing hands on the sink. He was huge. She hadn't had anything that big grace her pussy so far. She was completely lost in a haze of lust and pleasure.

The second guy had let go of her hair and was getting rid of his remaining clothes as the amazing piece of cock inside her continued to go in further and keep up a frustratingly slow pace. Her eyes opened and she let out a whimper. The fates had blessed her tonight. The newly naked guy was all lean muscles and strong thighs, his package proudly stiffened and gleaming, thanks to her. He gripped his cock and grinned at her, clearly enjoying the attention. He picked up the hand lotion placed in a fancy basket and rubbed it all over his dick. After finishing, he tossed it over to the other guy who caught it deftly.

The cock inside her retracted and she turned around to watch the guy put the lotion over it. She was right, he was big. And slick with her juices. He massaged the cream over it and the sight of his magnificent cock smeared with lubricant and bulging veins made her stomach flip. When he was done, he placed his hand back on her butt, spreading her cheeks. She bit her lip in keenness. But the plunge into her pussy never happened. Instead, his swollen cock pressed up against her asshole.

Her eyes blinked open in panic, he was too big for her ass. But before she could protest, guy number two was already moving to capture her mouth and swallow her protests. His tongue explored her mouth and she tasted whisky and smoke. His hands softly grabbed her boobs, tweaking the one nipple that was already on display. His kisses distracted her and she relaxed in spite of her inhibitions. The cock behind her was slowly but steadily making its way into her virgin ass. As it cleared the sphincter, she tensed again.

The guy broke away from her lips and started kissing his way down, past her neck and her collarbone. And finally let her other boob escape its bind kissing and licked her hard nipple and tweaked the other with his hand. Before long, the cock settled fully inside her ass and gradually pulled out back, giving her time to adjust to its girth. Natasha didn't know who the heck these men were and had never in her wildest imagination expected this when she had planned on tonight. But here she was, with two men who weren't hesitant to be downright filthy and could make her melt in their hands in seconds.

She was concentrating hard on the painful pleasure in her ass when the second guy slipped three long fingers into her. She moved her hips between the two of them. Feeling the fingers and cock rub against the same wall inside her. The fullness in her rectum and the knuckles of the hand giving her enough pleasure to make her head spin.

They kept at this for a minute or two before the guy in front of her stood up, making her stand straighter as he did. Arms encircled her waist from behind and one hand firmly squeezed her tit. She didn't realize it at the time but he was securing her in position. The two of them had developed some sort of understanding between them, she thought as the brown haired guy came to stand against her, rubbing his dick against her wet folds. She instantly knew what was coming and wanted it more than anything in her life. The cock in her ass stilled it's movements as the guy lifted one leg and locked it over his hip - opening her up to him. All for his to take. And in one smooth movement, he was inside her tight pussy, made even tighter with the extra cock inside her.

Her mouth fell open and she felt both her legs being lifted and the new position making the cocks discover new places inside her. She felt her body arch in pleasure, nipples thrusting forward and neck exposed. The boys didn't hesitate in attacking her helpless body. The one between her legs latched on once more to her tits, pulling the sensitive skin lightly between his teeth.

Her heart wrenched and beat wildly at the sensations that climbed higher and higher and became too many to keep track of. The guy in her ass was gripping it with a hand and the other found her clit. She moaned loudly and appreciatively, leaning back and giving in completely. There were breaths against her neck and ears, and kisses and licks on her chest. The two of them were fucking her thoroughly, with deep, fast strokes. The sound of their skin slapping against her and her boobs swinging wildly with their thrusts.

She had never had sex like this. Wild and dirty and with two men fucking her brains out at once. The pleasure and fullness between her legs was mounting and almost ready to burst. The tightness in her stomach reached the limit and she let go, unable to prolong it any longer.

Brazen, high moans and gasps sounded as she came, her body thrashing between the two men who did not stop ravaging her body as she orgasmed. Their pace became even more frantic and desperate, both seeking their own pleasure inside her. When she started coming down from the high, the cock inside her ass jerked and expelled hot cum inside her and she felt another orgasm spark through her, taking her breath away. The second guy thrust one last deep stroke and filled her climaxing pussy with his cum. Her body milked both their cocks and they finally stilled, panting against her.

Her body heaved and glistened with a fine film of sweat, her pussy throbbing and thighs slick with leaking cum. They set her down gently and she sagged against the sink, her legs unable to hold her up. The dark haired guy immediately caught her and picked her up. He set her on the counter and looked her over. She must have looked like a mess. A hot, ravished and almost naked mess. Leaking cum onto the cool surface.

The guys dressed up silently as she watched with half-lidded eyes. The brown haired one left first, unlocking the door and giving her a departing wink. The other one took his time. At last, when he was decent he turned back to her. "Will you be okay?"

He had a deep voice, a baritone that reverberated somewhere deep within her stomach. It was only the second time he had spoken and she wished he'd never stopped. She slowly reached up and fixed her bra, nodding. Suddenly shy of her nudity.

"Yes," she whispered, "I'll be okay."

He nodded and left. She heaved a sigh and leaned back. Smiling and more sated than she had ever been in her life. She made no move to get up, miracles like this didn't come around twice in a person's life and she wanted to savor the feeling as long as she could.

Little did she know it was only the beginning.