 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of gay male sexual content.

*

The winding drive up to the ski-resort was always a beautiful one, even with the excitable tension in the SUV. We had talked about this trip to excess over the past couple months and for years before about finding the right couple.

After being together for 10 happy years, it had come time to fulfill some of our more extravagant fantasies of youth. With successful careers, the dream house and beautiful children, we had achieved many of our life's goals. This was our next step, a sexual weekend away with another couple!

The snow became thicker on the side of the road and trees were covered halfway up their trunks, my wife squeezed my hand resting on her thigh.

"I never thought we would actually do anything like this; it was always just a fantasy," the words passed through her red painted lips so a matter of fact, that it was difficult to gauge her interest.

"If you are nervous or want out at any time don't hesitate just let me know. Or we can have a safe word like banana," I chuckled. My hand slipped farther up her yoga pant clad legs, remembering how wet she was the night we confirmed this trip with Jasmine and Craig.

"Well, let's take it slow and see how it goes. I am glad we got a cabin in case things get awkward, at least there is room to hide."

I laughed wholeheartedly hoping to reduce some of the tension.

"She is very beautiful, I am sure you won't have an issue fucking her, but he is soo big, I don't know if I'll be able to handle him," Jamie exclaimed looking through the few pictures she had on her phone. My cock jumped to life at the comment. "You think you are going to be able to handle this in your ass?" She inquires, flashing me a dick picture of Craig. He was a solid 9 inches and almost as thick as a big Red bull can.

My cock continued to harden in my pants as Jamie reached over and gave it a pinch.

"I think that I'll manage if that is something you want," I squeak out with reddening cheeks. Jamie had explored her bisexual side in her teen years, but I hadn't discovered mine till much later. I had tried to hide my excitement over the chance to suck and ride a real cock, but the tension in my pants gave me away.

My eyes became transfixed to the road as the final switchbacks required my complete attention and Jamie settled back into her seat.

The final turn before the village passed and the quaint buildings came into view, I relaxed from the drive and looked over to admire my wife. The seat belt pulled her shirt tight across her big tits, splitting them for a more dramatic show. Her hair flowed, straight to her shoulder framing her picturesque face with dancing hazel eyes and pouty lips.

"Babe, I think that's the turn."

I quickly lookup realize my mistake and check my rear-view mirror before braking and turning hard, just making the corner.

"Woah!"

"Sorry gorgeous, you were just too distracting," I say with a wink.

The cabin is the last one on the road, and as we pull up, we see that Jasmine and Craig have already arrived. I pull our SUV up next to theirs and head to grab our bags; Jamie bounds inside to meet our "friends."

* * * * *

We had met Jasmine and Craig through a friend of a friend at a party and hit it off.

The four of us carried the life of the party for much of the night. From beer pong to impromptu karaoke, we acted like we had been friends for years. They were visiting from out of town and like us were spending the night at the house.

The fun rolled on, and as the party began to fade, the four of us remained up around a fire playing, "Never have I ever." As is standard for us, the juicy questions came out quick.

"Never have I ever done cocaine," Jamie goes first. This leads to only Craig drinking, claiming one time at a bachelor party.

"Never have I ever had sex in public," Jasmine states. Everyone but her drinks.

"Okay, Okay, never have I ever been fucked in the ass," Craig exclaims. The girls and I drink. "Oh, shit Michael. By a dude?"

"Guess, you'll have to ask next round," I manage to say while laughing hysterically. "Never have I ever had a threesome." Jasmine and Craig exchange a quick glance and sly smile while bringing their drinks up.

"Never have I ever had a bisexual encounter," Jamie says as she quickly drinks on her own statement, along with Jasmine and Craig. Craig raises an eyebrow to me.

"Strap-on then?" I nod in acknowledgment.

At this point the conversation broke down, covering topics of gay experiences, strap-on sex, orgies and more.

This passed the time until about 3:00 am when hands and mouths were openly exploring their partners.

Jamie's mouth moved to my neck knowing that the nibbles and bites on that sensitive area drive me wild. As she is straddling me, all I can manage is to grind my significant bulge against her clothed pussy while letting my hands explore her tight, round ass.

My eyes wander across the fire to see Jasmine grinding her ass into Craig. As our eyes meet, she winks at me and pulls one of her small but perky tits out of her shirt and places Craig's hand on it. I would've smiled at this, but I was hit with shock as Jasmine's ass pushed Craig's shorts up just enough to reveal his massive tool.

Quickly coming back to my senses, I knew Jamie would love to see this so, in a quick motion, I used one hand to quickly unsnap her bra, releasing her massive breasts and with the other turning her in my lap to face the others.

I could feel Jamie tense with the embarrassment of her freed tits and the potential onlookers, but this subsided as she saw the show taking place. As my hands, reach around her stomach and slide down her waistband, she moans and starts rolling her hips. I kiss the back of her neck while my hands lightly rub her thighs to the outer lips of her pussy. The heat coming off her is intoxicating.

I noticed the others had changed their position as well and now Jasmine's thick ass was bouncing in front of our eyes. Not to be outdone, Jamie lifts her shirt off letting her tits bounce free. Craig's cock is now clearly visible, and the sheer mass of it is impressive.

Then pulling me out of this delightful daze, Jasmine turned away from Craig for just long enough to say," I am taking this hunk of meat to bed if you guys are into trying group sex feel free to join."

"Thanks for the offer but that is something we would have to discuss sober," Jamie chimes in.

And we said our goodnights. This would've been so anti-climactic, but as we all got up, and in the same vein of fun we had all night, raced to our separate rooms.

I chased Jamie to the room, drunkenly crashing into things and probably waking up the whole house but I had only one thing in my mind, and it was the plump, round ass and breasts you can see a hint of bouncing from behind.

As we made it to the bedroom, she ran and jumped onto the bed, half turning to face me as she landed. I shut the door and stomped over, towering over her on the bed, she reaches up for my pants, but I push her hands away, grab her hips, pull her to the edge of the bed and rip off her sweats. Falling to my knees I lap at what is a soaked pussy with my tongue, the normal build-up to playing with the clit is skipped due to its protrusion.

I begin to roll my tongue around it in slow, deliberate circles. Jamie grabs the back of my bald head, her nails scraping over it as I begin to flick my tongue lightly. I am shocked at the speed of her orgasm, and her cries fill the house.

"You go, girl," is called from across the home clearly by Jasmine. We roll on to the bed laughing knowing that this is going to be the talk of the party tomorrow morning.

My arm under her head, I look over into her deep eyes. She brings her lips forward to kiss mine; you can feel her wetness still in my short beard. This doesn't stop a deep kiss as she pushed on my shoulders and hops on to me.

Jamie starts shifting her hips back and forth like she is riding a bull. My 7-inch length enters her completely, and my balls begin to tighten. I reach up to fondle her breasts and roll her engorged nipples between my fingers.

She in turn grabs and twists my nipples, forcing a grunt out of me. I feel the rush starting in my sack starting to move upwards. Jamie knows my body so well; she reaches back to squeeze my balls with one hand and scratch my chest with the other. I can only hold her hips as I ride out the orgasm and my hot cum fills her up.

Jamie slows her hips till I limply fall out of her with a pop. My exhausted body lays below her ready to fall asleep. She, however, had one more surprise, moving her knees onto my upper arms and bringing her cum filled pussy over my face.

"Open up you slut!"

The shock of this boldness gave me all the push I need, and I strained my head forward opening my mouth over her pussy as she released my spent cum that hadn't already leaked out, into my mouth. I lapped it up like the slut she had called me.

She then rolled off me under the blankets and was asleep in seconds.

My switch personality was very excited by this bit of dominance she had never really let out. Sleep came quickly, and I didn't have much time to think about it.

The next morning was uneventful as everyone had left before we got out of bed except for the owners, who were unaware of the night's event as the master bedroom is well removed from the rest, and Jasmine & Craig. We all nursed hangovers and said our goodbyes. They are promising to keep in touch. The girl's hugs did linger longer than normal, and I couldn't help but sneak looks at Craig's crotch.

* * * * *

"The girls are already in the hot tub," Craig enters our room at the cabin as I put the bags down. His skinny frame outlined in the doorway with a beer in hand.

How does such a slim guy have such a massive cock, I muse, thinking of my own average cock with my bear-like body?

"Great, already getting comfortable, I knew Jamie would be headed there while I do the work!" I state with a smile.

Craig nervously steps into the room.

"Michael just a heads up, my bisexual experience was limited to circle jerks and kid stuff when I was younger. I am not sure how comfortable I will be reciprocating on a guy if you know what I mean."

"No worries bud. This is a feeling out trip to ensure everyone is comfortable. Don't feel pressured, if I don't want to do something; I damn well won't." I hid my disappointment well as I had expected a more experienced partner than myself, but I quickly shrugged that off.

This comment seemed to perk him up a bit.

"Great, thanks."

"You headed to the hot tub? We only have a couple hours till dinner."

"Definitely, already in my shorts."

"I'll just change quickly." I half expected him to leave, but he just took another pull off his beer waiting for me.

I pulled my shirt over my head, revealing my hair covered chest and stomach. While I don't have a six-pack, my body is solid, and you can tell I am in shape. I could feel Craig's eyes on me, so I exaggerated my movement and motion like a girl posing for Instagram. I peeled my pants down while keeping my back and legs straight. Years, of squatting eight has given me tree trunk sized legs and a bubble butt. I glimpsed over my shoulder to see Craig rubbing his immense cock through his shorts. I slowly bounce my shorts up over my ass, catching my cock in the waistband. I turned just as the head disappeared.

"Shall we go," my body shaking with excitement and adrenaline.

"Lead the way."

We headed downstairs to the deck where the girls and hot tub were.

* * * * *

Our already potent sex-life had taken an upswing since the party. With the fantasy of group sex being a real possibility, it fueled sexting and discussions that led back to the bedroom.

We kept in touch with Jasmine and Craig on a regular basis with very little mention of the night or sex altogether. Talks of vacations, jobs, life events and friends dominated the conversation with very little mention of the first night or sex. However, I could always tell when Jamie had been chatting with either or both because her pursuit of me was a little more aggressive.

After one such occasion, while I was on top on of Jamie delivering long, deliberate strokes of my cock into her and her returning the favor by probing my ass with her finger, the hint of pain from her new nails was a particular delight, Jamie states, "Let's do it."

Completely throwing off my rhythm, I cock my head to the side and ask, "what?"

"Let's message them about getting together for a weekend away to enjoy each other sexually."

With the abrupt break, I roll over, off Jamie, slightly miffed at her timing. She, however, had other plans and jumped between my legs, swallowing my penis with fervor.

"Ohhhhh, yes." I manage to blurt out.

"Is that a yes for the blowjob or the weekend?" She manages to say around my cock while not missing a beat.

"Anything, All of it, whatever you want, just don't stop."

Her pace picks up as her mouth and throat take my entire length while still managing to circle her tongue around my shaft. She reaches up and grabs my balls with one hand while looking me in the eyes as she fondles them in her hand. She fights back some tears due to the throat assault but pushes through. My staying power is normally fantastic, but this was too much, and my balls tightened, Jamie realized what was coming and held me deep in her throat causing my molten cum to slide right into her stomach. I felt shot after shot left me and wasn't sure when it would end. In my daze, I remember Jamie coughing but smiling from ear to ear.

She bounced up, giddy as can be and more so than I had seen in a while, racing off to grab the laptop. Bringing it back, she sat beside my spent body and started to type a message.

To: Jasmine & Craig

Subject: Couples Sex Weekend Away

You in?

It was that simple. The swoosh sound of a sent email filled the room.

"Alright, what are the rules?" Jamie implored of me.

"I think we should keep it simple, no means no when it comes to any individual, everyone is free to do anyone else and it is like Vegas whatever happens there, stays there. No jealousy brought home."

"I like it!"

*Ding* Email response:

When, Where and Rules?

Jamie responds, The Month after next, Ski Mountain, no means no when it comes to an individual, everyone is free to do anyone else, and it is like Vegas whatever happens there stays there. No jealousy brought home.

Swoosh. Moments later, it is followed by a ding.

We are in. Any weekend that month. Kisses.

Short and sweet. We started to look at places to rent.

* * * * *

"There are our sexy boys, not having too much fun yet, your shorts are still on," Jasmine stated.

We laughed, as we each grabbed a couple of beers and slid into the hot tub. The girls were sitting next to each other, very close, so Craig and I popped in on the other side of the tub.

"We were just talking about how the months leading up to this trip feel like extended foreplay and how nervous we were driving up." Says Jamie, as we all settle into the tub, "We are talking about waiting till after dinner to start any festivities so that we can all get comfortable with each other again and get some social lubricant in us."

"Sounds reasonable," replies Craig.

"Except she already jumped in the hot tub and started making out with me. Not that I'm complaining, although she did spill my drink," Jasmine confesses. Jamie laughs, play pushing Jasmine under water for tattling. The girls wrestled for a bit, much to our delight. Their tops even managed to come off, Craig and I cheered to it and took a swig of your beers.

As both girls settled, they simultaneously tossed their tops onto the edge of the hot tub. Craig and I sat in silent admiration

"Fuck, your tits are amazing so fucking big!" Jasmine exclaims as she hefts one of Jamie's breasts.

"I paid for mine, but yours are so perky with the cutest little nipples," Jamie responded in kind. The girls are now facing each other fondling each others' tits. Their faces start to move closer, Craig and I lean in subconsciously, just as their lips are about to touch.

"I think before you guys see us kiss, you should."

"Sure," I responded almost too quickly. Craig leans back, hesitant.

"Come on hun." Jasmine pleads. I make a bold move under the bubbling water to stroke his crotch while raising an eyebrow toward him.

"I guess we could start with a little peck," his body relaxing while his cock stiffens in my hands.

I grab the back of his neck and pull him to me. He feels tiny in my arms, and the little bit of resistance sweeps away. Kissing him hard on the lips, I notice the difference between a man and woman's kiss; this feels more primal. I release him as not to push too far too early. As I pull away, I can't help but notice that he held the position for a second longer in shock or desire, he slowly opened his eyes. The girls wasted no time

getting back to making out.

Almost immediately following, an alarm went off on one of the girl's phones. Everyone stopped in shock, confused for a second.

"Oooops, time to start getting ready for our fancy dinner," Jamie says being the first to come to her senses.

Jasmine leans over and whispers something into Jamie's ear. They both stand up, four breasts on beautiful display, bottoms leaving very little to the imagination. Craig and I part as we are blocking the exit for the hot tub. As the girls cross the water, they spin around each other and switch sides. Jasmine hops into my lap, rubbing her boobs into my face. I react and grab her ass, and grinding my hips into her mound.

Jamie looks as if she is drowning Craig in her tits beside us.

Then just as quickly as it started, they hopped off and out of the tub, laughing, as we watch their asses bounce away.

"Don't have too much fun with those hard-ons while we are gone, boys."

I grin ear to ear, looking over at Craig. He meets my gaze sheepishly.

"What's up?" I implore.

"Ummmm...... "

"Are you uncomfortable with the kiss or the arrangement? Because we can slow it down."

"...... No, it isn't that. I am really enjoying this......... I, uh, really liked the kiss."

"Well shit, that's great."

"Can we do it again?" Seeming to gain back some confidence.

"Absolutely but we have got to lose these shorts!"

"Deal."

The shorts flung out of the pool almost before the word came out of Craig's mouth.

I really couldn't believe how timid he was, especially with a cock like that hanging between his legs.

I moved in closer to him, one hand sliding up his smooth thigh while the other grabbed his neck again and pulled his lips to mine. My tongue slipped between my lips and started to part his. Craig was like putty in my hands; he gave no resistance to my tongue or hand moving up his thigh.

Our tongues swirled in his mouth, as my intensity increased. Even though beside him, I felt like I was towering over his considerably smaller frame and he was begging for it. My hand reached the base of his cock, and I shifted it to grab his sizeable balls.

Craig moaned into my mouth as my tongue continued to dart into his mouth slowly. I squeezed his balls a little bit harder, just enough to cause him to tense and then releasing. My hand moves down under his balls and traces along his perineum toward his asshole. He stiffened uncomfortably, and I backed off.

I lifted Craig onto my lap in a side saddle position, my cock in between his thighs, slightly touching his ball sack. His arms reached around my shoulders. He leans in to continue the kisses as my hand moves to his cock. I can barely grip around the entire thing. My hand started up and done the full length, rolling over the head as I marvel at the weight and size of it. With a large portion of his cock out of the water, I broke our kiss and marveled at it as my hand traced the significant ridge separating the head from the shaft. I don't know how long, I toyed with him in this position, but I was fascinated by his member.
