 I stirred in the bed, hearing the shower start. As I roll over to fall back asleep, the sound of quick footsteps catches my attention, and I turn to look in the direction. 

"BABY," Jamie yells happily, taking one more step and jumping, frog style, on to me. I bearhug her in the blankets separating our naked bodies. 

Swishing her hair out of her face, she plants her juicy lips on mine. I hug her tight against my body. After, a long embrace she pushes herself away. I pretend to resist and hold her against me, releasing my grip after just a little resistance. Jamie sits up on my lap, hands on my chest, hair framing her face and breasts standing proud. 

"Did you have fun?" She asks.

"I did," I respond stoically. 

"Good because I sure did." She says enthusiastically. This comment brings a smile to both our faces. 

"What time did you get to bed?" She asks.

"3:30-4:00."

"Did you have some more fun?" she implores.

"A little. I don't remember the last time that I've had so many orgasms. Jasmine says you are a professional carpet muncher." I state.

Jamie slaps my chest. 

"Maybe we can see if you can have more today. Let's have a shower before hitting the slopes." Jamie says, stepping off me and pulling the blanks revealing my naked body and morning wood. Dropping the blanket, she runs to the shower. 

I move my body, tired and sore, to the edge of the bed and stand up. As I pass the door to the house, I see Jasmine naked cooking in the kitchen and no sign of Craig. She must have felt my eyes and turned, giving me an excited wave. I wave back and head to the bathroom. 

The steam had already built up obstructing the view of Jamie, but I could see bits of her wet body and wondered how lucky a guy could be. I continued to stare till Jamie noticed me and pushed open the door.

I almost jump to action hopping in with her as the waterfall faucet above engulfs us both. I grab her legs just under her ample butt cheeks and lift her to me. Her hands quickly wrapped around my neck and we embrace in a passionate kiss. Her breasts squished against my chest, and her legs pull me tight, now around my waist.

Our lips and tongues move quickly with unabashed passion, and even as our breath was heavy with the steam, we couldn't stop. 

Jamie's legs finally broke their tight embrace around me and I lower her to the ground. Surprised at how tired my arms were. She rested her head on my chest and tenderly said, "I love you."

"I love you too beautiful, forever and always" I responded.

"Alright, enough of this romantic lovey stuff. I've got to wash my hair." She says with a quick switch of tone. Cueing me to leave but not before I slap her ass. 

I dried off with the provided towels as Jamie washed her hair and sang along with her phone which I hadn't noticed till this moment. 

I go to grab my robe but quickly changed my mind, I mean who was I covering up for? I strolled down the stairs in my full glory. Jasmine and Craig were sat at the island next to each other and looked up as I approached. 

I smiled as they cat-called me. Jasmine and Craig had matching silk robes, and I noticed Jasmine feet in Craig's lap under his rob. 

"How are you two doing this morning?" I inquire.

"Fantastic," Jasmine states," last night was a trip." 

"Good way to put it," I respond.

"I enjoyed every minute," Craig responds, much to my surprise. 

Through her giggles of excitement, Jasmine manages to fire off two questions to me; where Jamie is and are we headed up the mountain.

"She is washing her hair, and that is the plan although I am a bit sore," I answer. 

"Some breakfast will help with that," says Craig handing me a plate of scrambled eggs, sausage and toast.

"Looks great. Thanks."

I sit down to eat as we reminisce about the previous night, leaving out Craig and my final encounter, and about the mountain today. 

Jamie comes down the stairs in a full ski bunny outfit: white skin-tight leggings, tight winter sweater, poufy knitted hat, and leg warmers. She was a sight to behold, and my excitement was clear to everyone as my cock rose to attention.

"How am I supposed to be able to follow that down the mountain all day," I joke.

"I'd follow that anywhere," Jasmine and Craig state almost simultaneously.

Jamie blushes. 

"I thought these boys might be able to feed me some breakfast. "Jamie asks coyly.

"Way to go, girl, it is perfect, I need to run and get dressed. Have fun!" Jasmine answers for all of us. 

Jasmine bounds away and Jamie moves over to grab me by my cock and pulls me toward Craig, who she grabs by the balls. Jamie marches to the couch with us in tow. Sitting us on opposite ends of the couch, she plops down between us. 

"Skiing without the mountain," she laughs.

Her hands waste no time stroking both our lengths and moving up and down our erect shafts at a frantic pace. Jamie kept this going for a couple of minutes then moved to the ground on her knees facing us. She indicates without speaking that we should move closer together. Craig and I comply. My arms outstretched on the back of the couch and coincidentally, around Craig. He followed my lead and did the same.

Jamie knelt forward bringing Craig's bulbous head to her lips. Kissing the tip and leaving a red lipstick print on it. Her hands don't slow on our cock, even as she sucks the entire head into her mouth. I know the technique she is using, and Craig's moans confirm. Her tongue is swirling around the head of his cock while she creates an airtight seal with those perfect lips. The slightest movement of her head provides amplified pleasure. This technique is how she gets a man to cum fast! 

Jamie's hand slows to a crawl on my cock, but her other is flying up and down Craig's shaft while her mouth continues to try and sucks his head right off the shaft. Just as I start to admire how long he is lasting, I notice his body and balls tighten, and in an instant his hips thrust forward into Jamie's mouth, feeding her his cum. 

Jamie doesn't slow at all, and even as Craig squirms in post-orgasm sensitivity, Jamie makes sure she gets every last drop. When she is satisfied, she releases Craig to slump in the chair. 

Jamie looks up at me with her big beautiful eyes and shifts over to me. Though, she doesn't go to my cock but instead rises to kiss me. I openly accept her kiss with the smell and taste of Craig. Her tongue separates my lips and pushes Craig's load into my mouth. The amount she was holding is astonishing. The taste was quite pleasant this morning as I swallow the creamy goodness. 

"There was enough there for two; I thought you'd enjoy," Jamie says lowering herself to the floor between my legs. Even before I can respond, she uses the same technique on me, and my balls begin to tighten. I am filling her mouth with everything my balls can muster. She gives Craig an offering look, but he quickly refuses.

"Aww, you didn't leave any for me," Jasmine complains, appearing at the corner of the couch as Craig and I stand up. 

Jamie bounces up, her boobs not held down by a bra and kisses Jasmine. The surprise and delight in Jasmine's eyes as she feels my cum get passed to her near buckles my knees. As their mouths separate a tiny string of cum connects them; Jasmine uses her hand to pull to her mouth.

"Breakfast of champions," Jamie says, "Get dressed boys lets to go."

It was an easy slope from just outside the cabin to the gondola and chairlift. Jamie was a beginner skier, Craig was only slightly better on a snowboard, Jasmine was a wizard on her board, and I am a competent skier. By the time we arrived at the chairlift, it was clear we would be doing separate runs; Jasmine and I & Craig and Jamie. 

Jamie is the first to bring up that she is heading to the green/blue chair and asks Craig who wants to tag along. She wiggles her ass toward everyone, and Craig quickly agrees. 

"We could all do a couple of easier runs together and then go to the more difficult stuff," I suggest.

"I don't want to waste any of the days. If they get comfortable, they can come to find us," Jasmine interjects tugging my arm. 

"Sounds good," Jamie agrees, as she glides away to the chairlift. 

I slide along beside Jasmine to the gondola and quickly remove my ski's and follow her on. The lineups haven't started yet as it was still early. The doors shut and we begin to ascend with only a couple other people in the gondola.

Jasmine turns to face me as we stand in the corner. We make idle chat about the conditions of the mountain, runs we should take and our equipment. I am not sure I was a great conversationalist at this point as her proximity and smell were intoxicating. My snow pants luckily hid my growing member.

"So, it's a bet?" Jasmine asks. I quickly come back to reality and nod yes. What had we bet? 

The gondola starts at the top, and as the door opens, Jasmine gives me a light push back and races out the door. Must be a bet on who is first down the mountain, I think. I make my way out and clip into my ski, watching Jasmine head down the face. 

"Guess, you just want to wear my panties!" Jasmine yells back at me as I begin to follow. I laugh at the other people giving me sideways glances. I push off and head into the beautiful scene in front of me, the sun shining off the fresh mountain snow, the unblocked view of wilderness for miles and Jasmine in her element flying down the hill.

I bend my knees and tuck my poles under my arms. I quickly start to gain ground on Jasmine as she carves big turns knowing she has a sizeable lead. The wind in my face picks up as we begin to hit the steep part of the run. 

My heart starts to race as I am about to catch her. Then out of nowhere, moguls! My knees start to pump as I try and slow to control my descent. I miss a turn and in an instant, my leg goes flying, and one ski breaks away beside me. Just as quickly as it started it was all over, nothing but my pride was hurt as I sat there on the mountain. 

I stand up and move to my lost ski, snapping it back into place and heading down the rest of the moguls in a much more controlled state. I reach the bottom to Jasmine's million-dollar smile and spray her with a wave of snow as I stop.

"Poor loser!" she says, laughing as she blocks flying snow from her face.

"Not fair you are way better than me," I respond.

"Aww, poor baby," Jasmine responds with absolutely no sympathy. 

We head back to the line up for the gondola. 

"When we get to the top, we will find a wood area to change sweetie," Jasmine says with just a touch of evil in her voice. 

As we loaded on, there were a few more people, so we made our way to a corner. Jasmine backed her ass right into my crotch. My cock hardened against her instantly. 

"Nice, that's going to look so good in my lacy thong," Jasmine says aloud for anyone to hear. I feel my cheeks start to heat up before my masculine bravado kicks in.

"Whatever gets your motor going," I respond confidently. 

"What a man! What's the bet this time?" Jasmine asks.

"I don't know if I want to bet you again," I respond.

"Come on; I'll make an offer you can't resist," Jasmine insists.

"I like the sound of that."

"If I win, you have to give me a private Yoni massage like the one last night, but if you win, I'll let you fuck my throat till you cum in my stomach," Jasmine states.

In shock, I nod in agreement even though Jasmine was unable to see my head while grinding her ass into my crotch. 

"You are okay with that?" I inquire. Knowing this is something Jamie is not a fan of even in the gentlest of terms. 

"Yes! It is so primal, so feral. Men react so much more. A little choking, little pain but all pleasure," Jasmine recalls while daydreaming about it. 

"Okay, What run?"

"The West Coast express."

I realized at that point that she loves to be dominated. This must be why it was so hot to see me take control of Craig. I reach around and pull her into me with one arm while tilting her head with the other. The supple skin of her neck was exposed to my lips and even teeth as I kiss and bite her.

The doors to the gondola opened and we both raced out leaving the remaining people in a little bit of shock from our display. As we clear, I hip-check Jasmine just enough to throw her off balance. I clip into my skis and take off, trying to get enough of a lead to win. 

As I head down the run, it is relatively clear of people. The sign for the run says it was only a blue run. Had Jasmine done this to lose purposely? Just as the thought crosses my mind, I hear a boarder flying behind me.

"Hey, stop, our first bet remember," Jasmine calls out.

I stop on a dime and this time she sprays me with snow. Without hesitation, she starts to take her board off, and I follow her lead. I start to walk to the tree line, looking over my shoulder, I stop in my tracks. 

Jasmine peeled off her pants right there. I admire that shapely booty wiggle out of her pants and thong. Quickly removing my pants and boxers, exposed to anyone coming down the run. My penis and balls were shrinking by the second in the cold. 

Jasmine had already pulled up her pants and had her hand out with the panties toward me. 

"These panties are going to look better on you than those briefs. That thing between your legs might fit in them right now," Jasmine chides.

"You're such a comedian; we will see how that works while I plow your mouth with my cock," I respond. 

I move to grab the panties from her, and she jokingly pulls them away before handing them to me. I pull them up, the lace shapes my ass beautifully, and Jasmine was right my shrunk cock fit in the front but just barely. 

"Looks good, I am going to play with that ass again," Jasmine says as she finishes buckling up her snowboard boots. 

Just as Jasmine takes off and I bend over to pick up my pants, another skier flies past me. 

"Damn!" The skier exclaims as she continues down the mountain.

I quickly move to my skis and head down the run. I fly straight down the simple route, not expecting to catch up but then I see a glimpse of Jasmine and the other skier at one of the flats. Jasmine had one foot out of her board and was speed walking to the slope. 

I fly past her and down the last little bit. My heart starts to race; I am going to win; Jasmine's throat and ass are mine! I come to a stop at the base and catch my breath. 

Jasmine stops next to me a minute later. 

"Unfair, that skier flagged me down to ask if I knew you. I thought she was in trouble," Jasmine complains.

"Poor loser, a bet is a bet, I own you now," I reply with a smirk. 

"Well, at least I know I am in good hands," Jasmine responds with a big smile.

"Too bad," the skier says as she glides by us. 

"What was that about?" I ask Jasmine.

"She wanted to know if you were available," Jasmine says.

"Interesting," I respond.

"I told her she would have to ask your wife."

We headed back for another run. We looked for our significant others, but they were nowhere to be found.

There wasn't a lineup for Jamie and Craig as they get on the chairlift. The chair scoops them both up and off they go. 

"So, how do you walk with that thing between your legs?" Jamie inquires to Craig.

"It is a blessing and a curse," Craig responds with a laugh.

"I'd definitely say it's more of a blessing, it would look great between these big tits," Jamie says, as she pushes her tits together and toward Craig.

"I would love to do that!" Craig says, eyeing the big jacket covered tits.

"Why are we on the mountain then. We could be getting drunk, and you could be destroying my pussy." Jamie exclaims.

"Hell yeah. Let's head back, I have some fantastic weed too!" Craig responds. 

"I haven't smoked in years." 

Just like that, they arrived at the top of the chairlift. The moved out of the way to the top of the run and Craig began to do up his binding. 

"Are you going to suck my husbands' cock?" Jamie asks, nonchalantly.

"Don't think so," Craig stammers, recalling the night before in his head. He immediately grew hard to his own embarrassment. As he stood, his impressive bulge was visible through his snow pants.

"Wow, it looks like you might be into it a little more than you are letting on. Let's go make good use of that," Jamie says, tapping Craig's tent just before starting her descent. Craig followed behind enjoying the view of Jamie's ass bobbing up and down as she carved the run. 

The run flew by in a flash as they both had a single goal in mind. Arriving back at the warm cabin, winter gear started flying off as soon as the door closed behind them. 

"Shots?" Craig suggests.

"I'll pour you go roll," Jamie orders, heading to the kitchen and grabbing the tequila. She pours three shots, and as Craig goes to grab the joints from his room, she peels off her clothes and hops up on the table in her matching black, lacy lingerie. She places one shot between her legs, one between her tits and one in her mouth. Craig returns to this glorious sight and gets the hint. 

Craig moves over beside the table and slides his hands up the outside of her legs, then lowers his head to grab the first shot from between her thighs, making sure to rub his face right into the sweet, soft flesh. After tilting his head back to swallow the shot, Craig's hands moved quickly up to Jamie's bra-clad breasts. He cupped one in each hand before realizing it caused the shot to spill. Without, a word between Jamie and him, Craig lowered his head to lick the tequila from the top of her breasts to her neck. 

Jamie moaned around the shot glass in her mouth. Her whole body felt electric, seducing Craig while solo had made her pussy so wet. Even if it was a fair game this weekend, it felt a little naughtier without Michael around. 

Craig carefully kissed the shot glass away from her mouth while his hands explored her big tits. Craig tilts his head back and drains the shot glass while Jamie spins herself on the table, wrapping her legs around Craig's hips and pulling him into her. 

"Oh, I can feel that big bulge already," Jamie growls as her hands crawl up Craig's back squishing her tits into his chest. Jamie looks up into Craig's eyes and just as his eyes shut moving for a kiss, she runs her hand to grab the joint behind his, evading the kiss playfully Jamie unwraps her legs from Craig.

"Let's get in the hot tub and light this thing," Jamie says. She rips off her remaining clothes and turns to run to the hot tub. Her tits and ass bounce as she goes; time seems to slow for Craig. Craig quickly strips then grabs a couple beers and a lighter and follows her outside and into the tub.

The cold air didn't seem to affect Craig's size. As he walked up the stairs, the semi-hard form of his cock slapped from thigh to thigh with a thud. It was Jamie's turn for time to slow. Jamie licked her lips absentmindedly, imagining that beast penetrating her. 

Craig hands Jamie the lighter as they are now both submerged in the hot tub. She lights the joint and starts to take a pull, tasting that sticky air as it fills her lungs. Jamie begins to cough as she hasn't smoked in years. 

"You sound like a rookie," Craig says laughing. 

"I might as well be," Jamie responds. The smoke already gave her a lightheaded feel as she reaches across the tub to hand Craig the joint. 

Craig begins to take a big pull on the joint.

"I am a professional at other things," Jamie says sliding next to Craig and gripping his. She uses a hand under his ass to help raise his hips. This causes several inches of his cock to rise above the water.

Jamie's mouth enclosed around the head in a flash as her body moved to stand in the middle of the tub. She ran both arms under Craig's legs lifting more of his cock to her inhaling mouth as he holds the side of the tub. Her hands grope his ass cheeks whiles she forces her mouth to accept more of Craig. 
