 Author's note: This is Part Three of a five-part series. In order to better appreciate this story, I encourage you to first read Part One and Part Two.

*

I awoke the following morning after only a few hours of sleep. I found that it was incredibly difficult to sleep, as my blood was supercharged with a combination of adrenaline and hormones. I couldn't wait to get out of bed and discover all the new and sexy adventures that lay ahead.

I tossed and turned, waiting patiently for Michelle to awaken from her deep slumber. It was difficult for me to discern whether the events of the previous night had really occurred or if it was all some incredible dream. My wife and I had just had sex with another couple, and there was no way to undo what had happened. Not that we would want to.

We talked all night about what we had done with Dave and Danielle, analyzing the play-by-play like a football team on a Monday morning, and neither of us had any regrets. We both agreed that it was the sexiest and most erotic adventure we had ever experienced. Whatever doubts we had about taking this plunge into the unknown, they were erased by the fact that despite having sex outside of our marriage, the sky hadn't fallen, our relationship hadn't crumbled and our love for each other had grown stronger than ever.

Since we first made the decision to book this vacation, I had noticed a profound change in my wife's personality. For the first time in nearly twenty years, she displayed a side of herself that I hadn't seen since we first began dating. A chain reaction had occurred. By introducing the possibility of having sex with others, she began to focus more on her appearance. By improving her physique and dressing more provocatively, she felt more attractive. By feeling sexier and considering herself as a sexual being, she noticed an increase in the attention she received from men. And with the resulting boost in confidence in herself and her sexuality, combined with the new possibility of acting on her impulses, her sex drive increased dramatically.

We showered and dressed earlier than usual that morning, as we had made an appointment for a couple's massage. Neither of us had ever had a professional massage before, but after reading so many glowing reviews on our travel agent's forum, we decided to give it a try. We called for a taxi, and within minutes we arrived at a small house outside of the resort. We were warmly greeted by a middle-aged Mexican woman named Maria, and she invited us into her studio.

It was small and cramped, and it took a moment for my eyes -- and nose -- to adjust. The room was dimly lit with scented candles that emitted a very strong aroma that was overpowering at first. There was a massage table in the center of the room, and a couple of chairs at the foot of the table. Soft, new-age music played in the background.

Maria described her service to us in a professional manner. We would each receive a 50-minute, full-body massage, and we would each be participating in each other's massage. Ladies first, she announced, and she asked Michelle to disrobe. Having spent the past 24 hours being naked in front of strangers, Michelle had no problem stripping out of her clothes in front of us. She was instructed to lie on the table face-down.

Maria poured hot oil into her hands and began rubbing Michelle's shoulders and back. She spent a great deal of time on each area, and gradually worked her way down to Michelle's buttocks, thighs and calves. After roughly 25 minutes had passed, she asked Michelle to flip over onto her back. She then placed a warm towel over Michelle's eyes.

The massage continued, starting at the shoulders and arms. Maria then filled her hands with oil once again and began rubbing Michelle's breasts. I noticed Michelle's lips slightly parted, and she seemed to breathe a little heavier. Maria signaled to me, and at long last I rose from my chair and joined her at the head of the table.

She filled my hands with warm oil and demonstrated how she wanted me to massage Michelle's breasts. I happily complied, and as I worked on those ample mounds, Maria began massaging Michelle's thighs. She began kneading the muscles on the outer half, and then gradually moved to the inner thighs, from just above the knees all the way up the thighs until her fingers lightly brushed Michelle's pussy.

Just as I began to wonder if that contact was unintentional, Maria loaded her hands with more oil and began rubbing Michelle's pussy directly. She worked her fingers in a circular motion, and alternated this with a gentle tapping. She then summoned me to join her at the foot of the table, and demonstrated a technique where she began at Michelle's vaginal opening with her fingers together, and then spread her fingers apart as she worked upward, and then brought them back together surrounding the clit.

We took turns repeating this motion, and as we did so, Michelle's breathing intensified. Maria then began working on Michelle's calves and feet while I continued to concentrate on my assigned area. I wasn't sure what I was supposed to do, so I just continued repeating the same motion over and over again.

After several minutes, Maria motioned for me to return to my chair. She then covered Michelle with a warm blanket and left the room. Again, I had no idea what I was supposed to be doing, so I just sat there in silence and looked around the room. Several minutes later, Maria re-emerged, removed the blanket and the towel over Michelle's eyes, and directed her to get dressed and sit in a chair.

It was now my turn. I had been relaxed when we first arrived, but I was now feeling excited and anxious. I undressed and climbed onto the table. I soon felt warm, soft, and strong hands kneading my shoulders and back, then my arms, then my lower back and ass, and then my thighs and calves. My first 25 minutes seemed to fly by much faster than Michelle's.

Maria asked me to flip over, and she placed a warm towel over my eyes, just as she had done with Michelle. The entire room was now pitch-black. I felt warm, soft hands all over my body. Involuntarily, my dick began to grow. By the time those warm hands reached my upper thighs, my cock was completely engorged and throbbing uncontrollably.

"Relax," Maria gently scolded. "Breathe."

I tried to relax and concentrate on my breathing, but then I felt a very warm, soft and oily hand grip my shaft. I could only assume it was Maria's. She formed a circle with her thumb and forefinger, wrapped it around my shaft, and moved it slowly up and down the length of my throbbing member. At the same time, I felt a set of finger tips making a strange swirling motion around my cock head. The sensation of having two hands performing two completely different movements was both unique and incredibly pleasurable.

As waves of pleasure rippled through my body, I soon felt a third hand massaging my balls as the other two circled my glans and stroked my shaft. I felt a tremendous pressure building in my groin, and I couldn't help but elicit a low moan. The stroking, swirling and massaging continued, and I was only seconds away from erupting.

And then it stopped.

All three hands left my body at the same time, which left my cock throbbing and twitching helplessly. I felt as though I were only one stroke away from experiencing one of the greatest orgasms of my life, but I resisted the urge to reach down and give myself that last stroke.

I lay on the table for a minute or so, and wondered if the stroking would continue. Instead, a pair of soft and strong hands began to knead my thighs and shins. By the time those hands reached my feet, my cock had finally stopped throbbing.

"Why did you do that??" I asked Michelle as soon as we had finished paying Maria and were sitting back in the taxi.

"Do what?" she asked, knowing full well what.

"I was THIS close," I whispered, holding my fingers a millimeter apart, "from exploding all over that massage table."

"Yeah I know," she said, and failed to stifle a laugh. "I didn't know if you were supposed to finish or not, and I didn't want to embarrass you. So I stopped."

"You didn't want to embarrass me??" I couldn't help but laugh at the absurdity of the situation.

When we arrived back at our room, Michelle offered to finish me off, but I just wanted to wash off all of that massage oil, so I took a rain check. We then began what would become our daily routine for the remainder of our stay: lunch at the buffet, lying out in the sun by the pool or on the beach, and then heading up to the hot tub an hour or so before sunset.

One of the many exciting aspects of Desire resort is that new people arrive each day, and each new person seems to change the atmosphere of the resort in some way. Because of this, you never know what to expect from one day to the next. On that particular day, as Michelle and I stood and chatted with several couples in the crowded hot tub, I instantly recognized a woman who was backing down the ladder and into the water.

A handy feature of our travel agent's web site was that it allowed users to post a profile, which could include descriptions of the couple, photos and other helpful information. This feature allowed us to get to know some people before we had even departed for our vacation. The woman entering the hot tub, Rachel, stood out from all the others I had seen online. She had long, black hair and stunning blue eyes, and looked eerily similar to the actress Lauren Graham (of "Parenthood" and "Gilmore Girls" fame.) Rachel's most prominent feature, however, were her enormous (and natural-looking) breasts. I have never been much of a breast man, but hers were impossible to ignore.

She looked directly at me, as if she recognized me as well, and when I called her name, she smiled brightly and waded right over to me. We hugged as if we were long-lost friends, and she pressed her huge, naked breasts against my chest. I introduced her to Michelle, and they hugged as well. Rachel then introduced us to her husband, Chuck, who gave me a hearty handshake.

They had just arrived at the resort a few hours earlier, and we did our best to fill them in on everything we had learned. It was clear that they had both enjoyed the all-inclusive drinks throughout the day, and we all drank and laughed like old friends as the sun dipped below the horizon and the Caribbean sky became a canvas of orange and red.

Michelle and I shared the story of our morning massage, and they both thought it was hilarious that she had left me twitching in the air on that table, mere seconds away from an explosive orgasm.

"Aww, you poor baby," Rachel said in a mocking tone, and her blue eyes sparkled with naughtiness. She reached down into the water and squeezed my cock. "You must be about to bust a nut!"

"Do that again, and you'll find out," I warned, and we all laughed.

Rachel's friendly grab seemed to break the ice. As we continued to talk, drink and laugh, we all became a bit friendlier and flirtier, and our conversation turned a little more sexual in nature. When it was Rachel's turn to refill our drinks at the bar, she turned to me and asked if I'd like to do a body shot. I assumed she meant the same type of body shot I had witnessed the night before, where she would lie on the bar, have a shot poured over her body, and have me lick it off.

"Hell yeah!" was my immediate response.

She waded over to the bar and returned with two shots.

"Okay," she said, motioning toward me and Chuck. "You two guys sit up on the ledge."

I gave her a strange look.

"You're going to do a body shot off of me? How is that going to work?" I asked.

"Just do it," she ordered.

I gave Chuck and Michelle a strange look, and they just shrugged their shoulders. Chuck and I then hopped up on the wall of the hot tub and sat on the ledge as instructed. Rachel took Michelle by the arm and whispered something in her ear. That telltale dimple appeared on Michelle's left cheek, and I knew something interesting was about to happen.

Michelle waded between my knees, and Rachel positioned herself in front of her husband. Both women placed their shots between our legs. Rachel counted to three, and they leaned forward in unison. Without using their hands, they took the shot glasses into their mouths, tipped their heads back, and emptied their glasses.

I figured this "body shot" was over, but then both ladies leaned forward once again. Michelle put her mouth over my soft cock and I felt the sensation of cold fluid cascade over it. She had emptied the contents of her shot all over my cock, and busily began to slurp it up. She wrapped her mouth around my dick to suck off all the alcohol, and it instantly hardened. As she continued to slurp up and down my shaft, I looked to my left and saw that Chuck was getting the same delicious treatment from his wife.

I couldn't help but notice we had drawn a crowd. The hot tub was still packed with people, and I tried to ignore all the eyes that were upon us. Suddenly, Rachel took Chuck's dick out of her mouth and yelled, "Switch!"

The girls quickly switched places, and Rachel wasted no time taking me into her mouth. She had nice, soft, full lips that felt incredible sliding up and down my shaft. I looked over at Chuck, and he had a look of amazement on his face. Michelle was showing off, taking him deep into her throat, down to his balls.

"Rachel!" he yelled, loud enough for everyone around us to hear. "Look at this! Look what she's doing!"

Rachel paused for only a moment and glanced over.

"Impressive," she said, and then continued to suck me with greater urgency. She tried to copy Michelle's technique, but gagged a little, and returned to her original style. I was still worked up from that morning, and in no time at all, I felt myself reaching the point of no return.

"You'd better stop," I warned her, placing my hand on her shoulder. "I'm seriously about to explode."

I had read on the message boards that it was rude to cum in the hot tub. It was an etiquette rule I happened to endorse wholeheartedly. Who wants to swim in someone else's cum?

"Don't worry," Rachel assured me. "I won't make a mess, I promise."

She slipped my cock back into her hungry mouth. I could still feel the eyes of several people boring into me, but I tried to ignore them. I closed my eyes and concentrated on trying to hide my orgasm as best as possible from the assembled crowd. I felt my cock expand in Rachel's mouth, and she hesitated for only a moment as my first wave of cum filled her mouth. She kept a steady pace, bobbing her head over my shaft as I spurted again and again. I did everything I could to stifle a scream or make any sort of facial expression that would reveal what was happening to the others in the hot tub, and it was almost painful to suppress it.

It had been many, many years since a woman swallowed my cum. When we were dating, Michelle used to do so often. But, as the stereotype goes, that particular act came to an abrupt end once we said, "I do." I had practically begged her for years to allow me to do it, but she steadfastly refused. It felt so incredibly dirty and erotic to cum in a woman's mouth again -- especially one I had just met. Yet another item had been crossed off my sexual bucket list, and it was only day two of our vacation.

After ensuring that I was completely drained, Rachel took me out of her mouth and gave me a sweet and sexy smile. I kissed her on the lips and could taste my own salty fluid. I thanked her in a whisper and gave her a hug. Michelle was still bobbing her head in Chuck's lap, but after a few minutes she seemed to notice that they were now alone. She rose from her position, and they both rejoined us.

On the walk back to our room, I told Michelle that I had finished in Rachel's mouth, and what an amazing and sexy experience it had been. She merely nodded, and seemed to get a little quiet.

"What's wrong?" I asked. "You're okay with that, right?"

"Yeah, of course," she responded. "I wasn't sure I wanted to tell you yet, but I was going to, at the right time."

"Tell me what?"

"Chuck finished in my mouth, too."

I was completely dumbfounded. "What did you do?" I asked. "You didn't swallow, did you?"

"Well, yeah," she said, sheepishly. "What was I supposed to do? Spit it into the hot tub?"

I was at a loss for words. This woman I married had become a never-ending series of surprises.