 My wife of six years, Sharon, was a marvelous lover. We had had two children, who were, at the time of this story, ages five and four. She had regained much of her voluptuous, Reubenesque figure. Sex was fun. We tried new things. Even though I traveled perhaps five days out of each month, the days I was gone were rarely more than two at a time, so we had several passionate homecomings plus enough regular lovemaking to average about 20 times a month. We made love in the car, in the living room, in the tub, even on a picnic table at a public campground in broad daylight (but that's another story). So, I was stunned when my beautiful, sexy, passionate wife sat me down after the kids were in bed on the evening after I had returned from a trip. The night before having been filled the kind of sex usually reserved for sailors returning from sea duty, so I was more than a little surprised when she haltingly confessed to doing something awful while I had been gone.

My job paid well enough so that we could afford for Sharon to stay home. So did several of the other twenty-something wives of men with whom I worked. Small children were the norm. Sharon and another stay-at-home mom, Beverly, each had two children the same ages. They became friends. They compared notes. They talked about how their husbands were in bed. Bev and her husband, Chuck, had moved to our town for the same reason we had: a job that paid well in a low crime, low traffic area. In their previous home town, they had tried foursome sex with another couple, and they wanted to get the same action going again. Bev had approached Sharon. They had talked. Something happened that Sharon was ashamed to tell me, but just had to tell me.

Chuck had initiated the prior foursome arrangement in which they had been involved. The wife of the other couple had big breasts, and Chuck was a breast man. Bev was built like a junior high school cheerleader: small and tight. But, Bev didn't like the other husband. She later said she hated for him to touch her. Still, she liked the orgasms that came easier and more often from the excitement and forbidden lust of group sex. When the time came to move, she was relieved to be free of the other couple, but sad to lose the sexual release. So, she was determined to take control of sex in this new place. She approached my wife because she had 38DD breasts and because of Sharon's tales of our lovemaking. The four of us were in the same bowling league of couples from work, so she had had a chance to find out if she liked my personality. She already knew that I had a reasonably large dick (at least, larger than Chuck's), that I knew how to eat pussy, and that I always let the woman cum first.

After Bev and Sharon talked about it for several weeks, Bev decided to press the issue and invited herself and Chuck (and the kids) over to our house while I was out of town. This was not in the least suspicious since the kids played together regularly. Bev and Chuck suggested watching a movie on TV, just to keep Sharon company. So, they put all the kids to bed. Before long, Bev brought up the group sex idea. Sharon had warmed to the idea through the previous conversations, but had been stalling on talking to me about it. Since she hadn't given me the chance to say no, she wasn't willing to have a threesome, or even to show Chuck her breasts. But, she consented to direct Chuck and Bev as they put on a show.

She told them to get naked, which, to her surprise, they did immediately and without false modesty. That's when Sharon found out that Chuck's dick was only about four inches long, and that he had a bit of a beer belly. But, the thrill of the moment let her overlook those things. Next, she had Chuck kneel and had Bev do a headstand in front of him, but facing away, so he could eat her under Sharon's watchful eye. Chuck held the inside of each of Bev's knees and lowered his mouth to her cunt. As Sharon leaned in for a close look, he ran his tongue up one side of her slit and down the other. As Bev squirmed in delight and anticipation, he dipped his tongue between the folds, tweaking her clit. As her breathing became more labored and she closed her eyes, Chuck went in for the full-mouth suck while snaking the full width of his tongue from clit to hole and back. Finally, he laid his tongue flat across her clit and worked it from side to side and brought her to a rousing orgasm. Her moans peaked and she went limp. Chuck laid her on the floor and looked up at Sharon expectantly, like a wet-faced puppy.

While Bev returned to her right mind on the floor, Sharon told Chuck to go streaking in the neighborhood. The catch was that he had to stop under each streetlight and show off his erection. He grinned and dashed out the door. Being an intelligent fellow who knew that getting caught by the police would not be conducive to future foursomes, he dashed from bush to tree in order to get as close as possible to the first streetlight before being really exposed. Then, he dashed to the light pole, whirled around, and thrust his hips forward to let the world know he had a hard-on. This continued for each of the other three streetlights between our house and the corner, and for each on the way back.

Sharon stood in the large window of the darkened living room and watched. Before Chuck had gotten to the second pole, Bev had crawled to the window. The sight of her naked husband dashing about the neighborhood at midnight aroused her from her post-orgasmic lull. She stood up, naked, in the window beside Sharon. Bev's small, hard breasts were capped by perfectly formed nipples that looked like pencil erasers when she was aroused. Her nipples were hard, her crotch was dripping, and she was getting hot from her own nakedness and her husband's exhibitionism. She stepped up on the windowsill, which was only about a foot off the floor, and braced herself by pressing her hands up into the inside of the window casing. Even though the room was darkened, there was enough light cast by the streetlights to highlight her slim, girlish body pressed against the glass. The next morning, we had to wash off the imprint of her cunt on the glass.

As Chuck left the last streetlight and headed for the house, Sharon told Bev to lay on her back on the coffee table with her knees pulled up and outward, pussy pointing toward the door. Chuck, still hard, came back in through the front door. As he did, Sharon pulled the drapes and flipped on the lights. Blinking in the glare, Chuck soon surmised that he was supposed to fuck his wife. Dropping to his knees, he slipped his throbbing dick in her sopping hole. This gave Sharon a perfect view the way Bev's cunt lips stretched out and followed Chuck's shaft on the way out, and how they folded in as he pushed it back in. Having such a short pecker, Chuck had to use all of it. On the outstroke, the edges of his helmet escaped the grasping edges of her lips. At the bottom each thrust, he buried it to the base. Sharon looked in from above, bending over so that her head was about even with Bev's knees. Then, she got down on the floor to look up at Chuck's balls. They were pulled up tight because of the recent run outside in the night air. Each time he bottomed out, he ground that tight sack into Bev's ass. Sharon began to count the strokes, urging Chuck to hold on for 100 more thrusts. Bev began to moan before she got to 50. When she came around 75, Chuck could hold out no longer. Between the eating, the streaking, and Sharon watching so intently, longevity was not likely. Bev came again. He stiffened and managed two uncoordinated lunges as he came inside her.

That was the end of the demonstration. Bev was satisfied and Chuck was spent. Still naked and now with genitals coated with cunt juice and jism, they reclined on the sofa, both with legs wide spread, making no effort to cover themselves. The baudy, sated couple asked Sharon how she had liked the show and if she would ask me about having a foursome. Sharon was hornier than at any time in her life, so she rashly promised that she would. Had they pressed her to get naked with them and fuck right then, she probably would have. But, they didn't. They later explained that they wanted the foursome to work, so not pressing on that first night seemed prudent. After extracting the promise, they stroked each other's privates for good measure, then dressed, collected the sleeping kids, and went home.

That was the terrible confession. I tried to look serious as it slowly dawned on me that my wife was about to let me fulfill a fantasy. Although I was married to a big-breasted woman with an abundance of curves, I preferred small women with pert tits, slim hips, and a flat tummy. I had watched Bev with salacious interest on many a bowling night. The only problem I could see was that, while I had had a vasectomy to spare Sharon the side effects of the pill, Chuck had not. So, it seemed, the two people of the foursome without fertility and the two with fertility would be paired. Condoms would be necessary for Chuck when he fucked Sharon, but not for me when I fucked Bev. From what little I knew at that time, this arrangement was tilted distinctly in my favor. I got to ride bareback while Chuck had to get his jollies through a rubber sheath. Bev had told Sharon that Chuck was a one-shot lover. In those days, I could recover for a second fuck in 5 minutes after the first, and for a third within 20 minutes of the second. Not only was I going to fuck a pixie, I was going to end up with two women! Trying hard not to look too excited, I agreed that we could try it.

Sharon was delighted. She even thanked me for being so open-minded. As luck would have it, Chuck and Bev were subbing in another bowling league that evening, so they already had a sitter. Our kids were already asleep in their beds. Sharon called the bowling alley to tell our potential swap mates that I had consented. Not wanting the moment to pass, they asked if they could come over after bowling for a few hours of fun. Equally excited, we agreed.

I immediately went out and bought a box of condoms for Chuck and a package of Polaroid film for our camera. But we still had an hour to kill before they would arrive. We talked about how to get things started. Awkwardness could consume a good hour of potential sex time, and they were going to have to leave after less than three hours in order to take the sitter home. We settled on a blatantly sexual setting with a modicum of modesty. We pulled out the hide-a-bed in the living room. Sheets and pillows were added. We both stripped naked, but soon realized that if we stayed that way, neither one of us would be able to refrain from sex until they arrived. So, we each donned a terry cloth bathrobe. The robes covered us completely from knee to neck to wrist, but could be opened in a flash and dropped in a heartbeat. We reclined on the bed and watched TV, idly stroking each other.

Finally, car doors could be heard in the driveway. We sprang to the front door, bathrobes closed by their sashes. We opened the door before they had a chance to ring the bell to remove the chance of waking the kids. In our excitement, we didn't think about how this might look to a nosey neighbor, answering our door in robes and inviting another couple inside. Fortunately, no one was looking, as might have been expected after Chuck's streaking episode only two nights before.

I opened the front door. Chuck held the storm door for his wife to enter first. As she entered, I opened my robe with both hands and enveloped Bev into it. My 7" cock poked her in the stomach. Both of her hands immediately went down to size up what she had only heard about. She massaged my balls with one hand and stroked my shaft with the other, looking up into my face with a grin. I enveloped her tight ass cheeks with both of my hands and lowered my head and kissed her, tongue darting between her lips.

Chuck was taken aback. He started to make a remark to Sharon about my hands on his wife's ass, so he stuck his head around the corner of the door. There he saw Sharon, robe thrown open, totally exposed. With her hands on her hips, she spread her feet in an open invitation to sample her wares. Chuck forgot about any comment and buried his face in my wife's tits. Sharon dropped her robe.

With a display of superior self-discipline, I took one hand from Bev's small, firm butt and closed the door. Bev broke the suction between our lips and pulled me by the pecker over to the bed. I lay down. Never letting go of my dick, she lay on top of me and resumed kissing. My hands went to work removing her clothes. Because of the firmness of her tits, she didn't need a bra, but rather wore a silk camisole under her shirt. The silk felt wonderful against my bare chest. She moved, squirmed, and adjusted to accommodate being disrobed until she was stark naked. Finally, I could reach her pussy. As anyone would have guessed, she was already very hot and wet. I ran a finger up and down her slit, then in and out of her canal. Obviously, she was trying to wiggle into position so my fingers would have to massage her clit. I stroked her most sensitive tissues while she continued to pull and massage by dick and balls. Within about five minutes, she had cum for the first time.

Not to be outdone, Sharon and Chuck had taken up residence on the other side of the bed. I had not seen how Chuck had gotten naked, but he was. Of course, so was Sharon. They grappled and rubbed against each other much more physically than were Bev and I. Chuck outweighed me by 50 pounds, and Sharon outweighed Bev by 40. Being cramped into half of a queen-size hide-a-bed while in the throes of passion is not easy. Shortly after Bev's first orgasm, both Sharon and Chuck had wedged themselves into the top third of their half of the bed, causing it to start to fold. Bev and I quickly decided to give them all the room they needed, if for nothing else than the sake of the bed. We took the floor.

Bev weighed so little that I could pick her up and manipulate her without much effort. So, I flipped her over on her back on the carpet and dove into her crotch. Her cunt had a different taste than Sharon's: sweeter, less pungent. I gave her my best tongue action, sucking whole lips into my mouth, pumping a finger or a thumb deep inside her while massaging the shaft of her clit with the insides of my lips. Finally, my tongue went for the tip of her clit and she went over the top. Mercilessly, I kept eating. So as not to be cruel, I stayed away from direct contact with her clit while it was painfully sensitive, but I kept her up on the orgasmic plateau. Within minutes, she was begging for a good fuck. "Fuck me! Fuck me, now," she begged.

After a few more laps around the track of her cunt, I obliged. I grabbed her ankles, one in each hand, and lifted her ass off the carpet in order to line up her opening with the tip of my dick. In one motion, I buried all 7" of length (and 2" of width) inside her well-lubricated pussy. She convulsed with another orgasm. I hooked her knees over my shoulders. She locked her ankles behind my neck. I grabbed both of her girlish hips and stroked her to and fro on my cock. Her juices along with my saliva were dripping from my balls and also down her ass. Her head was rolling from side to side. We got into a rhythm. Her hard little tits trembled at each in-stroke. As she approached her fourth orgasm in 20 minutes, the insides of her canal began to pulse.

Sharon and I had, until this moment, never fucked anyone but each other. We had dated in high school and on into college, during which we had gotten married. During high school, necking turned to petting, and petting to oral sex, but we had never put one wet member into the other. In the summer between high school and college, we finally decided to try real sex. The first few times were clumsy and not very satisfying. Anxiety reduced her natural lubrication, plus she was very tight. And, I was generally stupid. Finally, I figured out that, if I ate her to orgasm first, she would be abundantly lubricated. It worked and the rest, as the saying goes, is history. Until the moment when my cock first sank into Bev's dripping cunt, I had not realized that there was a difference between pussies. Sharon instinctively gripped my cock with her cunt walls on each stroke. If I stopped stroking, her vagina continued to undulate like the mouth of a great cocksucker. Bev's canal, until this fourth orgasm, had not. With Sharon, the pulsing, gripping, rippling sensation always had made short work of my first cum. Typically, we would 69 until she came, then I would rub the head of my dick up and down her slit until she came again, then drive it home. With that kind of start, I didn't last but a few strokes. Of course, I could last longer on the second time around, but that first one was quick.

Expecting the same results with Bev, I had eaten her from below, keeping my pecker down by her feet, rather than up by her mouth. I thought that the addition of the excitement of the foursome might make me come embarrassingly quickly. But, Bev's cunt was not the same as Sharon's. Until that fourth orgasm, Bev had been a bit loose. Certainly, my cock was happy with the wet and warm environment and the friction of stroking in and out, but her vaginal muscles were no match for my wife's. So, I could last quite a while, stroking in and out of a hot, wet, but essentially flaccid flesh tube. But, as Bev's cunt went into spasms, she milked me to a powerful cum. I had learned years before that pulling out at this time made it easier to start back up. But Bev's hot honey hole had just become interesting, so I stayed and filled her up. The view of her fabulously tight and trim little body being impaled on my crotch contributed greatly to the experience.

As we panted to a stop and I finally pulled out, I noticed an amazing thing. My cum didn't follow me out. I watched. There were no drips. She kept it all. Sharon virtually expelled my juice when I withdrew, which was a bit messy and did not contribute a warm post-coital snuggle. With Bev, a long, full-body, naked hug was a natural. She pressed her wet, open pussy into my crotch, her firm, pointy breasts into my bare chest, wrapped my legs in hers, and ran her tongue almost into my throat. Her hips were still humping and her whole body was squirming in her post-orgasmic haze. After a few more long kisses and rubbing of nipples and gripping of asses, we turned out attention to the show being put on by the rest of the foursome.

While we had been preoccupied with our own pleasure, Chuck and Sharon had adjourned to the floor as well. Chuck was fucking my wife doggy style, gripping her ample hips to coordinate their motion. Much to my relief, he was wearing a condom. I could see her large breasts swinging wildly. It struck me that Chuck, the breast man, was missing the part of the show he would enjoy most because he was on the wrong side of the action. Since Bev and I were momentarily at a standstill, we quickly folded up the bed and restored the cushions so we could sit comfortably. I grabbed the Polaroid camera and took a picture of the two of them copulating. With the little extra excitement of being on camera, Chuck came. Immediately, he went limp and fell out of her. It was obvious to me that, although Sharon was enjoying herself immensely and was in a state of high sexual excitement, she had not had an orgasm.

Strangely, the sight of another man fucking my wife was neither arousing nor displeasing. It was sensual and exciting, but no more so than sitting on the couch with a naked woman who looked like a junior high school cheerleader. Even the developing photograph, which clearly showed Chuck's dick and Sharon's tits, was interesting but not stimulating. So, my penis drooped across my leg as Bev and I snuggled on the couch and leered at the two naked people on the floor.. I had one arm around her shoulders, her head on my chest. The other arm was using its hand to trace her nipples. She was nestled in and comfortable, enjoying the moment. After Chuck was through, however, Bev caught Sharon's eye and said, "I thought you said he could go more than once."
