 I am writing this story after an experience I had last Saturday night which actually inspired me to make an account here in the first place;) My stories are not going to be fiction but actual accounts from my own sex life, I hope you guys find them interesting!

I'll start off by telling you a bit about myself...I'm 26, average weight and height, blonde, large chest, cute face and I'm attached. My boyfriend and I are pretty open in our relationship, though we do have some rules we abide by.

Over the past few months we had met some really interesting people from Craigslist, OkCupid, etc... No creepers like you would expect, all just normal people looking for some safe fun. So far it has always been my bf and I playing with either another couple or me with another guy and we would film the encounters. (With everyone's permission of course:)

Anyways, last week my boyfriend decided to respond to a CL ad about a gang bang! I've never done anything like that but he knew I had the fantasy and I really wanted to at least watch. We emailed the organizer and began texting right away. He invited me out and was fine if I just watched, I guess there were going to be other new people there as well that also wanted to watch. In total there would be two women participating and two watching and about 13 guys.

The idea of it was so hot, so exciting, I rushed home from work Saturday night and started doing my hair and makeup and choosing a really sexy low-cut outfit that would show off my tits. My boyfriend was going to wait in the lobby of the downtown hotel while I went up and watched and texted him details throughout the night.

We arrived at the hotel a little after 9pm and the room was on the top floor so nervously I went up, not quite knowing what to expect. I knocked on the door and was invited in, everyone was very friendly and just talking, having a few drinks at this point. There were still quite a few people that were yet to arrive, so I had a drink and began talking with the some of the attendees. Most were married couples, quite a bit older than I, however most were in great shape and still very attractive.

Its kind of funny, I thought, that everyone I had met for the purposes of sex turned out to be a very normal, yet sexual person. There is this sort of stigma about people involved in gang bangs and other kinky things that would have them labelled as weird or sketchy or something but I have found quite the opposite to be true. Most of the people were married or divorced, had kids, normal jobs, and just wanted to explore more.

Anyways, after about 10 minutes, more and more people kept showing up and one of the last people was a black guy! I had never seen a black cock in person and got instantly excited. After a brief moment where everyone went over the boundaries and it was explained that some of us were only there to watch, the action got started:) There was a lot of kissing and making out and pretty much right away one of the women dropped to her knees and had about four of the guys surround her. Before I knew it, their cocks were out and she was sucking and jerking them all off. This is a huge fantasy for me and my pussy got instantly wet while I watched her maneuver each of those big dicks.

The other woman also began giving oral to several of the guys, others still were playing with both of their tits under their tops. Things escalated quickly and I watched as the women took turns fucking the many many cocks on the bed, floor, against the walls, over chairs and really everywhere in every position! One of the women on the bed had a cock in her mouth, was riding another and had yet another in her ass.

Her husband invited me over to the bed to watch closer. I moved over and sat on the edge of the bed just a few inches away from her while she screamed as she got pounded by multiple dicks. She looked right at me while she took on guy after guy, my panties were soaked through by now and I was seriously thinking about doing more than watching.

After an hour and a half or so, everyone took a break and began talking amongst each other more. People were in various states of undress and re-hydrating too. I had been getting quite a few looks over the course of the evening. I was at least 15 years younger than anyone there and my 36C tits looked amazing popping out of my top. I could tell that many of the guys would love to see them and get their hands and mouths all over me. I had been texting my bf regularly through the evening as he waited downstairs watching the hockey game at the hotel bar. He was pushing me to stroke one cock but I was still so uncertain if I should do anything. I knew that I would regret it if I didn't though and I could tell people were preparing for round two so I spoke up before everyone get swept away.

"If anyone is interested in some light fun...I'd be open to that.." I said, trying to hide my nerves.

Instantly 4 guys had come right over and started talking to me and flirting, I was getting rubbed on the shoulders and arms and someone was kissing my neck from behind. Hands were running over my thighs and my chest. Instinctively I put my hands out and grabbed the two closest cocks to me and began stroking them slowly. The guys went wild and just then I remembered that I hadn't sent my bf a text in some time. I quickly let them go and grabbed my phone and sent a very fast text message - "I'm surrounded by 4 cocks" was all it said, I knew that would make him crazy;) Then I went back to working those big hard dicks while the guys rubbed my cleavage and slid their hands down my top.

I got down on my knees and took a cock on either side of me with my hand. Slowly, I inched my mouth forward to the one in front of me as I looked up to see who I was about to take in my mouth. He looked very excited and I heard him moan as I sucked him deep. Two more guys came over and now I had five to deal with and then a sixth and finally up to eight! I took turns rubbing them and my sucking got more intense. They all started grabbing my head and fucking my mouth, I was frantically sucking them all and keeping my hands as busy as possible while trying to keep track of who was where. It is much more difficult than you'd think!

Finally I saw the black guys dick in the circle and it lived up to every expectation. It was enormous! I stroked it and looked at it for a second while some of the guys chuckled, probably curious to see how I was going to handle it. I sort of bent my head and slowly tried to take it in but could barely fit even the head so I returned to stroking it while sucking off the numerous other dicks around me. Minutes passed by with no concept of time and I asked one of the girls watching to get a photo of me in the midst of the circle of cocks to send to my bf. She stood on a chair and snapped a pic of me smiling with a cock in each hand and two more resting on my cheek, one on my forehead and a few more in the frame ready to be worked. I got her to turn the camera to video mode and begin recording me suck all of those hard cocks. Suddenly one of the guys slid his hand down my waist and into my soaked panties.

"Oh my god," he yelled across the room so loud I was worried other guests might hear. "You have to feel this pussy, she is soaked!"

With that, hand after hand plunged down to my pants and I was getting fingered by so many guys I could not even tell how many fingers were in my pussy and furiously rubbing my clit. I was so horny and too far gone to stop, my tank top was pulled down and my tits were exposed anyway so I pulled the top over my head and unsnapped my bra, throwing it to the side and quickly shoving the first cock I found back into my mouth.

With 8 guys surrounding you, all of them trying to jam their cocks into your mouth and others fingering you its hard to tell which way is up, lol.

I had cum hard about 4 times by now, mostly because the situation was just more than I had ever done and it was such a fantasy. I probably could have cum without even being touched. I was getting weak and starting to be a little dizzy from my orgasms so I had to push the guys hands out of my pants. At this point I knew it wouldn't take much to send them over the edge so I began focusing on one guy at a time, ready to take all of their cum. I had explained before that my rules consisted of no intercourse and no cumming in my mouth, but on me was ok. The guy I was currently sucking - a divorced father, began to shake and moan uncontrollably as I worked him deep in my mouth.

"Suck it baby, suck my cock and I'll pull out and cum all over your face." he said.

I was being such a dirty little slut at this point that I just sucked him a few more times and pulled the dick out of my mouth to stroke it. I shook my head to get the hair out of my face and upturned my chin ready for his load.

"Cum all over my pretty face, do it. Fucking cum on me now." I spat back at him and with those words I felt his hot cum unload all over my face. The first shot streaked across my nose and forehead and then two more over my cheeks and into my hair. I kept pumping his dick until every last drop of cum had covered my face. He was sweating and shaking but took a step back just as another cock started to erupt off to the side. I quickly turned my head to take his cum, not really able to see who it was but I felt the cum go all over my chin and neck dripping down to my tits, yet another started cumming on the other side of me which I couldn't pay much attention to as I had gone back to sucking the fourth cock in front of me. 

All it took was about one thrust in my wet mouth and he pulled out and pumped his cock on my face, shooting strand after hot strand of cum all over my already cum covered face. I could only open one eye now, but I saw a much older guy, the only fat one there, step up and begin jerking his cock over me. I tried to tilt my head back more without the cum dripping off too much. His dick was much smaller than the rest and he stroked it really fast with his thumb and forefinger only for a few seconds. I was shocked when he came, the load absolutely fired out with crazy speed. It shot straight across my face and all over my forehead and up into my hair in straight lines and there was a ton of it! Twice as much as the next biggest load. He kept cumming for about 30 seconds and after that I could not keep my eyes open.

The only way I know how many guys came on me was by watching the video later that night! lol. Three more guys stepped up and shot their loads on my face, one of them used my hand to jerk his cock but I couldn't see anything so I'm not sure how good that part was but he seemed to like it.

The woman filming was so shocked because I had spoken with her earlier about how I just wanted to watch and check it out and here I was covered in eight loads of cum. She quickly went to get me a few towels from the bathroom to clean my face but it wasn't nearly enough. I ended up showering there to get all the cum out of my hair, but my pants and shirt still had it all over them. I had no choice but to put them back on to go home like a good little slut;)

After I showered I was finally able to text my bf, who had sent me about fifty texts since. I told him I was coming down now and I'd tell him all about it. I thanked everyone and they thanked me more, hahah and told me they would definitely be inviting me to the next one too. I said my goodbyes and went down to meet my boyfriend in the lobby.

I told him all the details on the drive him and he couldn't believe it... Not until I showed him the video, I got fucked harder than I have ever been fucked in my life! We did not stop until 5am and I lost count of my orgasms, even when I woke up that day I couldn't walk from how hard I was shaking from my insane experience the night before.