 I was spending another evening with David and Janelle, and we again had an amazing three way. Janelle was kneeling with her head in my lap gently stroking my cock when David asked what I was doing next Saturday. I said I was taking the boat offshore fishing in the early morning, but other than that I should be back by 6 pm and free. They wanted me to go with them to a house party. I've never been, but was intrigued. Janelle had continued to stroke my cock, and she saw that the thought of the house party really got me hard again. I laughed and said, wow, I guess I really want to go. 

She leaned over and started gently licking the head of my cock while running her fingernails all over my balls. It felt so good, her mouth was so warm. She gently squeezed the head of my cock, and a drop of pre-cum rose up. She licked it with her tongue. David and I both moaned. That was so delicious she said. She opened her mouth really wide and took my cock in as deep as she could go, the whole while, nothing was touching my cock, I could feel her warm breath around the head of my cock. All of a sudden, she closed her mouth on my cock, and sucked me up and down. That sent shivers down my spine, and my cock was as hard as it has ever been. It felt simply amazing, and she knew the effect it was having on me. She had her hands on my balls monitoring how close I was to filling her mouth with my cum. She was being more aggressive with her sucking, and when she would pull her lips up until just the head of my cock was in her mouth, she would swirl her tongue around the head and go back down. I was getting close, and started driving my hips up with each trip of her hot mouth down my cock. My whole body felt alive. I reached down and started tweaking her nipples. She looked up at me, removed my cock from her mouth, and said I love it when you do that for me. 

David set the camera down and got under her laying on the floor. He was sucking her hot pussy, and sliding a finger inside her. She was on the fast track to cumming, and I knew I was too. She started moaning around my thick cock, and that just about did it for me. I grabbed a hold of her tits and thrust my hips up. She took my cock as deep as she could without choking. Just then I started to pulse, I could feel her hands on my balls kneading them, trying to get as much cum out of them as possible. I exploded in her mouth. I could feel her jump a little when the first shot of cum launched into her throat. 

It was so sexy, with David sucking her pussy and me firing a HUGE load of cum inside her mouth. She didn't miss a drop, and took everything I had to give her. She ran her hand up and down my cock, milking the last drops of cum from my cock. David was sucking really hard trying to make her cum, and it was working. She gripped one hand on my thigh, the other had a firm grip on my cock, and it started. 

She began to shake, and I could tell it was doing the trick for her. She was cumming really hard, her body was shaking, and she was grinding her pussy on David's face. And then it happened... she finally did it. She was out of breath, and had been holding my cum in her mouth. 

Normally, she loves to suck me off, but will run to the bathroom and spit it out. David always encourages her to swallow me, but she never had. Tonight was different, she had to swallow my cum. In the middle of her orgasm, she needed to take a big gulp of air, and she currently had a mouth full of my cum. I really cum a lot, and tonight was no different. She swallowed my cum and gasped for air. She looked at me, and smiled, and said, wow, that was a lot. David came up from between her legs and said what did I miss. I said, Janelle finally swallowed my cum. 

She said, it wasn't planned, and that the reason that she never does with me is that it's special, just between her and David. She does that for him only. I said, I feel honored that the timing mandated that you swallow my load. David said that while he appreciated the fact that she kept that their thing, she was fine swallowing my cum any time. Janelle smiled and said, ok then, I wish I knew that earlier, I have spit out about dozens of his loads of cum... We laughed and had a drink at their bar as our usual wind down from an evening of playing. 

We talked about the upcoming weekend's house party and what it entailed. They said it was a single man that had the house, and he was an attorney. It was right on the Intercostal waterway, and a top floor flat. They were invited by another couple, and that couple (who I had met but never played with) vouched for me, and said It was ok that I went. I waited the entire week, excited for what was going to happen. Finally I got the boat cleaned up and fish filleted. I headed to meet David and Janelle. 

I wanted to drive separate just in case, but it was about 45 minutes away, and they insisted that I ride with them. So, as usual, David drove, and Janelle and I messed around in the back seat. I started kissing her and playing with her huge tits. I pried her tits out of her tight sweater, she wasn't wearing a bra tonight (rare). I was licking the nipples and slid a hand up her leg and under her skirt. She had on a thong, which we both removed together. I got down on my knees in the Yukon, and started licking and sucking on her pussy. She tasted so good, sweet and clean. I was working away at her when all of a sudden she tensed up and got really really wet. She began to cum in such a short time. I knew that she must be really excited!. I continued to lick and suck her pussy, as she gripped my head with both hands. When I pulled my head up from under her skirt, she was smiling really big and thanking me for that. 

I could see that David was watching from the rear view mirror and said, I think that is the shortest distance from me starting to suck her pussy to her cumming ever. I agreed, and said it's because she's so excited for the house party. She said no, I don't think that we are going to play tonight. She explained that David isn't allowed to fuck another woman, and she really wanted to watch tonight. I said, that's fine, but what if I want my Janelle and get all excited? She said, we could play at home, and that he clothes would stay on for tonight. Ok, I'm fine with that, David piped up from the front seat " I'm sure that there a lot of women that will wear you out Brandon". I said I sure hope for that, but I told Janelle to save some for me. She reached over and felt my hard cock through my jeans, and said I will be waiting all night for this cock. 

Shortly after that we arrived. The place was spectacular, and right on the Intercostal waterway. We grabbed our cooler with what we wanted to drink, and headed in. The host came to greet us and encouraged us to mingle. There was an entry way that was large, a kitchen that had a view of the water from the sink, all that opened up into a giant living room, and a deck that was screened in right out over the water. It was relatively shielded from the neighbors, but the host asked us to keep our clothes on in the living room, and the entry way as well as the deck. If we wanted to play, there were four bedrooms to romp naked. This sounded fine, and we all started talking to everyone who was there. There were about seven couples, and me as a single man there, and a few single women. I got some attention from the ladies, and everyone was laughing and flirting. Since I don't drink at these functions, I mingled with a glass of water, no one seemed to mind. 

David and I found ourselves talking to the couple that had vouched for me and we were just getting comfortable. I had noticed an amazing brunette with a very large muscled man when I first came in. The brunette was hot, she was about 5' 6", and very slim with B cup breasts. Her man came over and talked to us, and asked if David and I wanted to go in the other room to play. David said that he couldn't but I should take them up on the offer. So, I grabbed her hand, and we all three walked into the room. The first thing she did was get on her knees and said "drop them boys". Her boyfriend and I lost our clothes in a heartbeat, and we soon she had two large cocks throbbing in front of her. She said she loves sucking cock, and proceeded to take turns blowing both of us. She was really really good.

I glanced behind me to see Dave and Janelle watching from the doorway giving me the thumbs up. I looked back at the brunette, and she looked up into my eyes, and took my cock all the way down her throat. I moaned and grabbed for her tits. I was gently squeezing them, when she lifted her hand up and took her shirt off. She worked her skirt down, and soon we were all naked. 

She let my cock out of her mouth and started blowing her boyfriend. about that time, a single older lady came in that was trim, and in shape. She grabbed the boyfriends hand and pulled him over to the bed. She pushed him down, put a condom on, and mounted his large cock. I could hear her moan, as she said "I remember this cock". She sunk her hot little cunt down on him and began to rock back and forth on him. I was distracted watching them, with the brunette now playing with my cock. She said let's join them, and we hopped on the bed. 

I grabbed a magnum, and slipped it on my cock. She looked at me and smiled. She got on her hands and knees on the bed, and started making out with her boyfriend. I didn't need an invitation, and got behind her and started pounding away. She was a great fuck, her pussy was tight, and juicy. I could feel my balls slapping off her clit as I hammered away. I was suddenly a HUGE fan of house parties. 

Shoot, I'd been here less than 20 minutes and I was balls deep in the hottest looking woman at the party. She reached between our legs, and she started playing with her pussy. In no time at all, she was cumming, and I could feel her pussy contracting around my cock. I was loving this. I grabbed both hands around her little hips, and pounded away. I could feel that pussy start to cum again on my cock. This was incredible. I was loving this chick, she was so HOT!!! She said that she wanted to ride me, and so I laid down on my back. 

Her boyfriend got the smoking hot cougar on her back, and we both looked over at each other. I grabbed the cougar's tits, and we leaned in and kissed. I refocused my attention on the brunette as she started riding my hard cock up and down, and throwing her head back. She said that she loved fucking me, and hoped that I wanted another go later on. I said I am yours for the evening to use and abuse. I reached up and grabbed both of her tits and pinched her nipples. She moaned and this started to send her over the edge again. I was so excited, I said that I'm close. She hopped off me and pulled me on top of her. She wrapped her legs around my back. She grabbed me hard, her arms around me and kissed me. Her lips felt so good, they were soft, and I could feel the passion. 

About that time, I felt the bed move, and her boyfriend was pulling his cock out, ripping the condom off, and shooting his cum all over the pussy and belly of this hot lady next to me. WOW, that did it, it was so close now. She said I can feel your cock growing, are you about to cum? I said I am really close. She pushed me off her, and I reclined against the foot of the bed. She started sucking my cock, taking it really deep down her throat. I was in heaven. Her throat felt so tight around my throbbing cock. I couldn't help it, I grabbed her by both shoulders, and started thrusting my cock down her throat. She took it all like a champ, and I started filling her mouth with cum. She kept pumping my cock wanting to get all I could give her. I was spent. 

I just laid back on the bed taking in the scene. I looked toward the doorway, and I saw three or four people watching us. The brunette grabbed her boyfriends hand, and showed him the mouthful of cum, and swallowed everything that I had pumped into her mouth. A little bit of it ran down from the corner of her mouth, and she reached up with her finger, caught the drop, and licked it off. She said, baby, that was amazing, I want to fuck you again before we go tonight. I said, sure, that was amazing here too, I'm sure that I will fuck you again! 

I hopped up, grabbed my clothes, and walked out into the hall. I knew that I should be putting my clothes back on, as this was a clothed area of the house. There was a bedroom just to my right, and I ducked into the bedroom without knocking or really thinking about it. The door had been closed, and what I saw was amazing. There was another beautiful woman, about 5'7', and still dressed in some sort of a toga. She was on her back in the bed with her legs spread. Her husband was playing with one of 

her big tits through the toga, and the other hand was playing with her juicy pussy. 

I noticed that she had the lips to her pussy pierced two times with gold hoops on either side. They looked up startled as I burst

into the room naked. I laughed and said I'm sorry, it's my first house party, and I need to be clothed before I go into the "common area". They smiled and said it's ok, you're right, you had better get your clothes on if you're headed back. 

I realized that watching him continue to play with his wife was turning me on. They both noticed, and said that I didn't have to rush off so quickly, I was welcome to join them. I said I wasn't prepared, and that I didn't have a condom. The wife said, you don't need one, 

but go get one if you want. I said that I always play safe, and she said, good, but in her experience the hoops in her pussy tend to pinch and break the condoms. I said, I'll be right back, let me go get a condom. 

I ducked out of the room, and was back in a flash. The wife just laid back, and said skip the foreplay, my husband has done that for us, I need to be fucked. I looked over at him, and he was smiling, and said "you heard the lady". I put the condom on my hard cock, and slid in between her legs. 

Her husband reached down and grabbed my cock, and guided it into his wife. That was a first for me!!! I'm not Gay in the slightest, but I guess that things touch when you're in a group setting, so I went with it. She said that she loves her husband to "GIVE" her a lover's cock for the first time. I said not a problem. The husband went back to kissing her, and I started slowly fucking her. She wrapped her legs around my back, and really started fucking me back. She was thrusting her hips up to meet every thrust. 

Very few women fuck back like she did, and it was so hot. I could feel the condom getting a little pinched on my cock, and slowed my pace a bit. I reached down, and un-tangled the latex from her pussy rings, and kept fucking her. She sensed that it was going to get worse, and she suggested that she ride me with me on my back. We hurriedly switched places, and she lowered her dripping pussy onto my cock (no help from the husband this time, whew). He came up behind her and started playing with her tits and kissing her neck. She placed both hands on my chest, and started really fucking me for all she was worth. She came once really big, and then she said that she came a few more times as she continued to ride me. 

I was really liking watching her husband watch us fuck. Just then, I realized that I really like being the "added spice" to another couple. She was tensing up, as her husband was pinching her nipples and she came yet again. She said she needed a break from being on her back, and got on her hands and knees. I got behind her and slid my hard cock into her hot pussy. It was so erotic watching my dick part her pussy 

lips and seeing two gold rings and her pussy lips spread to accommodate my hard cock. 

I placed my hands on her lower back, and spread her ass cheeks a little to watch my cock slice in and out of her lips. She had great pussy lips, really plump and juicy, and they gripped my cock well. Her husband was now standing before her, as I was fucking her cross ways on the bed. She lowered her head and started to 

suck him off. About that time I announced that I wasn't going to last much longer, and she said that she really wanted me to pound her pussy full of cum. 

I said, I still wanted to practice safe sex, and that I would pour the condom full over her pussy if she wanted. She said fine, just fuck me hard and cum. I really started giving it to her as hard as I could, and she was pumping between her husband and I, as we were both giving it to her at each end. 

She must have choked on her husband's cock, because I had pounded her forward really hard, I was already on the backstroke out of her pussy. The head of my cock slipped out and I noticed that the condom had a large tear in the side of it. It wasn't doing it's job. I figured what the heck, I will give the woman what she wants. I slipped the condom off, and she moaned really loud when I slid back in. I could feel my cock get harder, and start to swell. I knew it wouldn't be long. I grabbed her hips and told her that I was going to give her a pussy full right then. She pulled her mouth off her husband's cock, and turned her head... I could 

see the lust in her eyes. She said do it right now, cum for me lover, fill my hot pussy up with your cum. 

I drove my cock as deep as I could and it just exploded inside her. I could feel it pumping her pussy full. She had her head thrown back telling me she could feel my hot cum pumping inside her. She was telling her husband how hot it was that her lover just filled her pussy full of cum. He started jacking his cock off, and in no time at all, forced her mouth down on it, and filled her at that end. She was gulping it down and swirling her tongue around the end of his cock. She collapsed to the bed on her elbows. 

I slowly withdrew my hard cock out of her soaked pussy. She remained on her hands and knees, with her ass in the air. She was at such and angle that it kept most of my cum inside her pussy. There was a little stream running out between her pussy lips. Her husband jumped up and ran out the door naked, and I collapsed on the bed with her. She kept her ass in the air. 

I was on my back, kissing her and telling her how hot and unexpected that was. I heard the door open back up, and all of a sudden a lady I'd never seen before came in and said, Hey Pam, I hear you have a juicy pussy full of cum. She proceeds to get under her from the back, her body hanging off the bed. I watched in awe as she slid her hands up Pam's ass and pulled her mouth up to Pam's pussy. 

Here's this fully clothed woman, pressing her face up against her pussy, wanting Pam to sit up and release my cum into her mouth. It was a scene not from this world, or at least any world I've known. 

Pam sits up and lowers her pussy down onto this woman's mouth. That woman began sucking and 

licking. I had to move in front of Pam so I could see this woman sucking my cum from her pussy. I was amazed at how hot this was to me. Both women were moaning. I was still spent, and just watched it happen. After about 5 minutes, I could tell that Pam was going to cum from this woman sucking her pussy. It was so hot, Pam was grinding her pussy back and forth and moaning really loud. 

At that time, Pam tensed up, grabbed both tits in her hands, and started shaking really hard. She came for a minute or more, and finally slumped over me on the bed. We adjusted so all four of us fit, and we all kind of laughed. WOW, was that ever unexpected for me. The lady looked at me (I never caught her name), and said that I tasted good. She asked me to let her know if I gave any more creampies that night, she would be there to lick and suck them up. 

WOW, I was floored. Keep in mind, this was my first house party. We laid there a bit, and I finally wanted to get something to drink. I said my goodbyes, and thank you's, slipped my 
