 "Thanks for letting me hang out here for the weekend." 

"Oh yeah, no problem. It's the least I could do since you watched Donny the last time I went out of town." Kyle said referring to his Labrador.

Miranda clung to her overnight bag looking around her new environment. Gradually she took a few steps further into the living room and made mental notes of the exits as well as where the other rooms of importance were located. 

"Here" Kyle said extending a hand toward her "I'll show you back to the guest room and let you get settled in." He took her bag and waved her down the hallway, taking a moment to look at the curve of her ass as she strutted through the narrow hall.

"This one?" Miranda said startling him 

"Yeah, on the left. Sorry there's no door, but we can put a sheet up for privacy. We had to take the door off to replace my brother's down the hall until we could afford another."

"Oh, no need for a sheet, I'll just change in the bathroom." Miranda walked toward the dresser, bending down to empty the contents of her overnight bag into the first drawer. She set her toiletries on the top of the dresser as well as a small alarm clock. Kyle quietly retreated but stopped in the hall to observe her as she undertook her task.

Funny that only a few months ago she had stayed with him and his wife as their live-in. He watched her day in and day out, secretly thinking of all he wanted to do to her. He was a good man though. He was never the type to stray from his wife even if she was frigid and unwilling. Well, now that Kyle and Laney had split he was a free man, but Miranda was such a sweet girl. He could only dream of being with her. Kyle sighed and walked to the living room.

"Ben will be here shortly, we'll get dinner as soon as he comes in and gets changed."

"Okay, it'll be cool to meet your brother." Miranda said muffled by the barrier of wall. She peeked her head around the corner "Tell me if this is too slutty." Slowly a pale leg crossed the threshold; following suit was the well-proportioned form of Miranda. Her hair was up in a loose bun allowing tendrils of rogue hairs to fall around her face and down her neck. Only spaghetti straps graced her creamy shoulders, flowing down to become a simple, short, formfitting black dress. The mounds of her D cup breasts nearly threatened to topple from the top of the simple piece of fabric.

Kyle gawked for a moment "No! I mean, it's not slutty y-you look" he stammered "You look amazing."

Miranda gave a light blush and hid her face. "Glad you like it. Want to hear something funny?"

Kyle lifted a brow curiously "Sure."

"I used to have a crush on you. I'd even wear my best nighties when I lived with you, just in case you happened to see me in the evenings." She brushed a hair over her ear. The simplicity and the innocence of the movement were arousing, and her confession, caused Kyle's cock to stir.

"Really? Used to?" He cleared his throat and gave a sly grin. "You going to wear shoes tonight or do I need to carry you around?"

Miranda laughed, it was a thick velvety sound that caused his groin to throb.

"Well, I couldn't tell you I had a crush now, it just wouldn't be done. And yes, I'm going to wear shoes but first I'm going to get a glass of water."

Kyle followed Miranda into the kitchen waiting to see which cabinet she would assume the glasses were in. She stood on her tip toes, her small amply endowed frame a mere 5'1, reaching for the first cabinet to the right of the sink. He smiled to himself before stepping up behind her almost touching, taking her hand and moving it one cabinet over. Miranda nearly reached the knob but lost her balance. Kyle caught her swiftly turning her to face him. Something about the way Miranda's breathing changed, the way her eyes looked him over, caused his cock to harden. Miranda licked her lips as she looked down the length of his body, to the area where his now ridged member grazed her bellybutton.

"Guess I'm not the only one with a crush." She swallowed, returning his gaze.

"Yeah...um, sorry." Kyle started to pull away and excuse himself but Miranda held him to her.

"It's okay you know. I'm here, you're here...we want each other." Miranda smiled slyly taking Kyle's hand and putting it between her thighs. His fingers met the satiny fabric of her panties, his eyes widening at the dampness he felt. "See?" She whispered.

All at once Kyle's defenses fell, his cock stood hard and ready. God she smelt so good. Her dampness and firm body beckoned him. He picked her up setting her on the countertop with some force, his knelt putting his face between her thighs taking in the scent of her. The feeling of her hands along the back of his freshly cut hair had him tugging at the string of her satin thong. He fought with it a moment before Miranda put her hands on the counter lifting herself just enough for him to win the battle. He looked up at her as she set herself back down and leaned into his ear. "Fuck me, please." She whispered. The raspy need in her voice over took him. 

He picked her up and moved to the kitchen table with her legs wrapped around him. He put her down angled across the corner of the table. Her hands unbelted his pants during the move, startling him with the realization that he no longer needed to undo his jeans. He hastily pulled them down, kicking them off with one quick thought of 'Thank god I wasn't wearing shoes either'.

Miranda reached for his cock, caressing the tip of him. She used her ankle to hook him behind his buttock and pull him toward her. Her mouth parted and he knew what she wanted. She laid a simple kiss upon the head of his prick, proceeding to taste him. Her tongue swirled around his head and teased his hole; she made long lavishing strokes down his shaft then took him hungrily into her mouth. The velocity at which she moved surprised him. His knees buckled as he gave over to the feeling of her heat. Miranda positioned herself up on one elbow reaching for Kyle's hand with her free arm. She put his hand on the back of her head, pausing a moment to look up at him, her eyes giving him a long look with a slow nod, she resumed sucking him. Her tongue never faltered in twisting along him in every inch she took in of him. He took her cue and grasped the loose bun pushing her down and controlling the depth of her taking. His breathing became ragged as he neared his end, his arm swiftly pumping her up and down his shaft like a mad man. She struggled a few times digging her nails into his ass as she gagged. He pulled himself back out of her reach leaving her void.

Miranda looked at Kyle, her eyes wild, her breathing erratic. She lay back over the table, letting her hand move over her body spreading her legs to show him how much she yearned for him. Her pussy was shaven, engorged and the perfect shade of pinky brown. Still closed even though she was spread eagle let him know she was tight. Her juices leaked onto the table as her fingertip felt for her clit. She gasped letting her eyes flutter shut. 

Kyle stood astonished at the sight. The woman he fantasized about was here, gave him head and was now playing with herself in front of him on the kitchen table. The whole ordeal was overwhelming and the throb of his prick brought him back from the surreal images dancing around in his mind. He moved to the table pulling her to the edge of the table and rubbing the head of his cock against her slickness. She moaned under him, struggling to move closer and take his cock into her. Kyle could feel the heat of her pussy like a breath on his dick, but wanting to tease her more he smiled to himself leaning over her and kissing her navel. Miranda's back arched at the sensation, her hand gripping the edge of the table as he trailed his tongue down the artful V of her body. He licked around her, teasing her, placing gentle bites on her thighs causing her to groan and beg under her breath. He laid his tongue out flat against her giving her a once over. He tapped her clit with his tongue then sucked it in between his teeth, showing her no mercy as she grasped the back of his head and yelped. His tongue flicked over and over against the firm button of her aching center, while taking two fingers and sliding them into her. She bucked at the sensation causing the table to shudder. Her whimpers nearly too much, causing him to stretch tight against his own skin. Kyle felt his pre-cum drop against his thigh, as he let out a groan into her shaven muff.

"Front Door" said an automated voice.

"Uh...Kyle?" followed a male voice.

"Shit!" Kyle breathed.

Kyle started to lean and pull his pants up but Miranda held him to her, giving him a shake of her head. "No, no, no...please." She whimpered giving the strange new man one look and nothing more.

"Ben, I uh..."

"It's cool bro. Continue, can't leave her wanting." Ben smirked taking his shirt off and throwing it into the nearby hamper of the utility area.

Miranda flexed under Kyle bringing his attention back to her. A bit confused, Kyle faltered but leaned to continue, hearing Ben leave the room. Miranda moaned greedily reaching for Kyle in any way she could. Kyle's cock swelled again and he took the initiative. Putting the head of himself against her swollen pussy, he wrapped his arms under her thighs and slammed into her. Miranda yelped, a sound that surely the neighbors heard but he no longer cared. He pushed and pulled her over his thick cock as if she were a rag doll. Miranda bucked and squealed grasping the edges of the table and arching her back. For a moment, she stilled. Kyle followed her eyes across the kitchen to the doorway where his brother stood watching. Kyle looked back to Miranda; she gazed at his brother oddly, before licking her lips and smiling. 

"Kyle?" Ben murmured his cock pressing obviously against the slacks he was wearing.

"Ben..." Kyle puzzled.

"Yes." Miranda said nodding. "Yes please."

Ben stood still exchanging a look with Kyle before moving toward the edge of the table. "Let me watch." He said his face emotionless and unreadable.

Kyle picked up as if nothing happened. The rate that he slammed Miranda over his cock forced the sound of slapping flesh to echo through the room. Miranda appeared near tears, her body flailing lost to the moment. Ben stood by stroking himself watching the anomaly on his kitchen table. He moved his slacks down over his hips leaving himself nude, as he lay back against the bar. He watched his little brother fucking the girl he'd only heard stories of as he used his hand, pretending it were her. Ben let out a moan that got the couple's attention. Miranda reached out to and pulled him toward the table. She gave Kyle a look before pulling her legs up and pushing him away with her feet. He looked at Ben with a smirk and a nod. "Go ahead."

Ben didn't ask questions. He merely stated "off the table". Miranda did as instructed on wobbly legs to have him forcefully turned her and lean her over the table corner. He stuck the head of his cock in her soaked hole beginning to pound away ruthlessly. He looked to his brother and nodded as Miranda cried out into the table. Kyle took a place in front of Miranda putting his dick to her lips. "Suck." Ben said firmly, taking her bun in one hand, forcing her mouth over the length of Kyle's swollen cock. Ben quickly found rhythm pounding into her while forcing her up and down his brother's cock. The sensation was astounding. Miranda's quivering slit tightened and released around his throbbing pole as he swelled for release. 

"Fuck Kyle, I'm coming!" the elder brother rasped.

Miranda cried out over Kyle's cock as her pussy clenched and rained over Ben's thickness. He grabbed her head and pushed her down Kyle's length watching him spasm as the woman on his cock quivered and choked, causing her slick spurting pussy to convulse around him, taking him for everything he had.

The world seemed to stand still as Ben released his grip on the woman. Kyle took a step back, looking Miranda over as his brother pulled out, dripping their mixed juices all over the floor. Miranda remained bent over, her eyes closed and her breathing shallow. Slowly the world seemed to come to its senses. Kyle helped Miranda stand up watching her in awe as her eyes fluttered open. Ben quietly leaned against the table, watching.

"Miranda, this is my brother, Ben." Kyle smiled giving the introduction.

Miranda smiled offering a dainty hand "It's nice to meet you."

"Likewise," Ben grinned giving her a firm handshake.