 It happened almost five years ago, when I was eighteen, a freshman in college, and completely naive about many things. It was something I had never experienced before, it was new, it was exciting, but most of all it was immediate. I fell in love, now looking back, it would be better to say that I fell in lust. I fell completely and totally in lust with my roommate.

Before this goes any further, I should probably introduce myself. My name is Belinda Barnes. I am twenty-three, short in stature, only an inch above five feet, and thin. The only reason my weight even reaches a hundred pounds is that I have large breasts. Not, oh my God, look at those melons, but on my small stature anything looks big. Anyway, I’m a natural red-head, and if you don’t believe me you’re welcome to check(smile), with green eyes, and freckles. Luckily for me, I don’t have an abundance of them, just a few scattered on the bridge of my nose.

The person that completely and totally knocked me off my feet was my freshman roommate, Tabitha. Tabitha was a goddess. She was about five feet eight inches tall, had long, curly blonde hair, blue eyes, and the most beautiful ass. She walked into the room and I could feel my pussy juices begin to flow. For some reason, that I did not understand, for the first time in my short life, I was sexually attracted to another female. The feeling scared me, but at the same time it was extremely exciting.

Once I stopped ogling Tabitha and got all the pleasantries out of the way, I helped her unpack, since I had done all my unpacking the day before. All the while we were unpacking I looked at Tabitha, the way she moved, the way her ass looked when she bent down, the way she smiled, the way her legs stretched all the way to her neck. About an hour later we finished unpacking most of her stuff, and she asked if I wanted to go out to dinner with herself and her mom. I was so wet from just seeing her move, I declined.

As soon as I had seen Tabitha out the door and down the stairs, I closed and locked the door. When I was alone, I quickly stripped and began rubbing my nipples which instantly hardened. I moved one hand down my stomach until I was cupping my shaven cunt. I could already feel my wetness on my hand. I walked toward my drawers and removed the vibrator I had just stored the day before, and quickly walked towards my bed to lay down. On the bed I propped my back up against the headboard with pillows and continued caressing my breasts with my right hand as I ran my left index finger over my slit. As I fought to control my breathing, I inserted my index finger into my dripping cunt, when I got used to having my finger in my cunt, I inserted a second one, and finally a third, stretching my hole, filling me. I began to move the fingers in and out of my cunt rhythmically, as I alternatively pinched my nipples. I could hear my juices as I pumped my fingers in and out of my hole. I began to flick my thumb across my clit, driving me mad. I continued in this manner until I felt myself getting close to the edge, at this point I withdrew my hand, moving it up my body, leaving a trail of my juices, and circled my nipples with my fingers that were still wet.

When I had calmed down some, I turned on the vibrator and inserted only the tip into my pussy. I kept the tip at my entrance and moaned softly as the vibrations made my pussy wetter. Slowly I began to insert the vibrator into my opening, moving it in and out. My hips began to arch to the rhythm that I was setting as I inserted and withdrew my vibe from my cunt. I was moaning deep in my throat trying to keep quiet, as I moved the vibrator in and out while with my other hand I caressed my breasts, kneading them, pinching the hard nipples. I then turned around, and began to rhythmically pump my hips while biting down on my pillow to keep myself from crying out. I pumped my hips with the vibrator deep in me for several minutes then suddenly I came. With the first convulsions of the orgasm I turned around, removed the device, and inserted three of my fingers deep into my cunt enjoying the feeling of my muscles convulsing around them. When the spasms finally ended I removed my fingers and licked them clean, enjoying the taste of my own juices. Afterwards, I showered, changed, and had myself under control by the time Tabitha arrive a couple hours later.

Tabitha and I became best friends since we had a lot in common, and I kept my sexual fantasies about her to myself. One of the things we had in common was that we both liked to party and we both liked to fuck. I love sex, but for most of my freshman year every time I was with someone else I imagined Tabitha naked which I had had the pleasure of seeing since neither of us was very modest. After months of masturbating to the image of Tabitha, it happened.

The night started out like most other Friday nights, after we finished with classes and had dinner, we went back to our room to shower and change to go out for the night. We had decided to check out a frat party close to campus. She wore an extremely tight pair of pants with a tiny little top that left her midriff bare, while I wore a short skirt and blouse.

When we arrived at the party we insinuated ourselves with a group of four guys, and pretty soon Tabitha left with one of the guys upstairs, while I stayed behind with the other three. After a few minutes of conversation and sexual bantering, they dared me to take on all three of them, never one to say no to a dare, we went upstairs. When we reached one of their rooms upstairs, I stripped for them. Slowly removing my clothes, I ran my hands up and down my body, caressing my breasts and abdomen while I moved my hips to the music that could be heard from downstairs. After having removed the last of my clothing I went up to the three guys, whose names were Josh, Dan, and Martin, and slowly kissed each one in turn, moving my body against theirs feeling their erections, my pussy becoming wet with anticipation. 

I sat down at the edge of the bed, my legs spread, rubbing my pussy lips slowly as I watched them undress. Their naked bodies excited me, and as they walked towards me I dipped my finger into my pussy, then I brought it up to my mouth to taste. The three guys were pretty good looking. Josh was the blonde surfer type, with muscled arms and tight abs. Dan was taller than the other two, looming a foot over me, and the feeling that he could easily over power me was exciting. Martin was the most average looking of the three, but you could tell he kept fit, the most impressive thing about Martin was his dick, from where I was sitting it looked huge. The three guys approached me and I felt six hands rubbing me, caressing me. My nipples were tugged and pinched making them hard and aching. My pussy was wet and quivering with anticipation.

Dan wrapped one of his hands around my hair and pulled me to my feet, kissing me roughly, bruising my lips. His tongue probing my mouth as his hands moved down to cup my ass and pulling me towards him. I could feel his erection against my stomach. I moaned into his mouth, moving my hands down his stomach until I cupped his erection, moving my hand up and down his shaft. I was completely enjoying myself when I felt someone come up behind me. Looking back, I saw that it was Josh.

Dan turned my face back toward his and said, smiling, “Blow me.” He then proceeded to sit at the edge of the bed. I bent down to take his penis into my mouth. Slowly taking his penis into my mouth I kissed it, letting my tongue move around, circling the tip. As I did this I felt Josh’s hands moving over my ass, I spread my legs wide open as Josh moved up behind me and slowly pushed his penis into my wet pussy. I moaned around Dan’s penis as I continued to suck and taste its head slowly moving my mouth down his shaft. I felt Josh remove his penis from my pussy, having lubricated it with my own juices, he place the tip of his penis at the entrance of my asshole. He slipped the tip of his penis into my tight hole. Feeling my ass being opened I continued to move my mouth on Dan’s penis moaning slightly. Suddenly Josh plunged his penis deep into my tight hole. As I felt the pain of being entered so roughly my eyes flew open and it was at this time that I saw Martin, sitting in a chair across from the bed staring at me, two of my holes filled and I noticed that his cock was standing at attention, huge, bigger than either cock that was in me at the moment.

I smiled around Dan’s cock as I started bobbing my head up and down his shaft. At the same time Josh was plunging his dick in and out of my tight hole almost completely in sync with my movements on Dan’s cock. Dan grabbed my head with his hands and started guiding my face up and down his shaft, slowly then faster, moving my head down until his cock was deep in my throat. 

Josh and Dan worked together like a well-oiled machine. With every thrust the two cocks were pushed deeper into my holes. And I was enjoying every thrust, every second. As Josh pumped his dick in and out of my ass I moaned around Dan’s cock, sucking on it furiously my tongue licking, tasting. Josh reached around me and started pulling and pinching my nipples. The pain was exquisite. Pretty soon Dan’s dick stiffened in my mouth, and I heard him moan as he fucked my face furiously he said, “I’m about to cum, slut. You better swallow all of it.”

I kept slurping at Dan’s cock even as Josh kept pushing his into my ass. Soon I felt the warmth of Dan’s cum at the back of my mouth as I started to swallow his load. With Dan’s dick deep in my throat I continued to swallow, my lips wrapped tight around his shaft. Dan kept moving my head up and down his cock as he shot load after load of cum into my mouth. At the same time, Josh pulled out of my ass seconds before I felt his warm, sticky cum hit my ass and back. As soon as both Josh and Dan let go of me I fell to my knees on the floor, feeling completely numb. Although, unfortunately I hadn’t climaxed the experience was enjoyable. 

As I sat there I looked around and saw Martin in the exact same position as before except this time he was smiling. He motioned me with his finger and said, “Now, it’s my turn.” I slowly got to my feet and moved towards him. He roughly grabbed my hips and lowered me unto his huge, hard dick. I felt Martin’s cock stretch the opening of my pussy before he pushed me down on it, until his dick was deep inside me. I was so full, it was almost painful. He guided me up and down his shaft slowly on the way up, then plunging down, so that every time I was lowered my pussy was assaulted. He kept ramming his cock in and out of my pussy for several minutes. My moans had gotten loader and it felt so good. As Martin had been fucking my cunt, Dan and Josh had moved to either side of me, they were both hard again. I alternated in sucking their cocks and jerking them off with my hands.

I climaxed. I threw my head back, screaming out, I felt my pussy convulse and tighten around Martin’s cock, yet he kept pumping into me, even through my climax. After about ten minutes I felt all three dicks stiffen, Martin pushed me off him, until I was kneeling on the floor in front of them. All three guys came at once all over me. Their cum hit my face, my hair, my breasts, running down my stomach and pussy. After all three of them had finished shooting their loads on me, they quickly dressed and left me on the floor naked and completely spent. It took me a few minutes to get myself together before I could clean myself off so that I could leave.

But even that did nothing for the all consuming lust that came over me later that night, when I walked in on Tabitha, in bed, naked, working a dildo in and out of her cunt. Tabitha was on the bed, her long legs sprawled open, so that I could see her glistening pussy as she worked the dildo in and out.

Tabitha must of heard the door open, because when I had enough will power to raise my gaze up from her pussy to her face, her eyes were open, looking straight at me, she licked her lower lip and continued to push the dildo in and out of herself. Looking straight into her eyes, I slowly moved towards her bed, knelt down on the floor and placed my hand on top of hers, taking control of the dildo. As I worked the dildo in and out of her soaking wet cunt, I leaned over and gently kissed her lips. Tabitha opened her mouth underneath mine, and I felt her tongue slipping between my lips caressing mine. Our tongues moved against each other, playfully, touching, probing, tasting, exploring.

While our mouths fed on each other, I withdrew the dildo from her wet pussy, put it aside and moved my hands toward her breasts. I caressed her breasts, gently pinching her nipples, making them hard underneath my hands. I felt her hands on my own breasts through my clothing. My nipples hardened and my breasts ached to be touched.

As if waking from a trance we drew apart, I looked down at her, running my eyes from her still wide-spread legs to her own eyes. We looked at each other in the eyes the we both smiled.

“It really isn’t fair. That I’m butt-naked and your still fully clothed,” Tabitha said huskily.

“I think I can fix that,” I answered as I quickly removed my clothing. After I was completely naked, I slipped into the bed with her and we kissed again, pushing our naked bodies against each other, our breasts touching, our legs entwined. We continued in this way, exploring each others bodies with our hands, kissing, stroking, for several minutes, before I moved my head up, so that I could look at her and said, “I want to taste you.” She nodded slightly, then smiled.

I moved my lips slowly down her body, leaving a moist trail on her neck. Drawing her nipples into my mouth, sucking on them, nursing on them. Then I moved my mouth down her abdomen and snaked my tongue into her belly button. I continued to move my mouth down until I was right over her slit. My tongue licked and lapped at her slit, then I gently opened her pussy lips with my fingers and ran my tongue over her open lips, finding her clit, my tongue circled it. I heard Tabitha moan right before I lowered my head completely down on her wet pussy. My tongue probing, exploring, my lips sucking on her pussy lips, my teeth gently nibbling.

And that was my first kiss.