 Per a request. This is purely a work of fiction. Enjoy.

“Y’all ladies care to dance?’ drawled one of the cowboys who had been eyeing Marcie and Tiffany for the last half hour. “Hell yes! I’ve been waiting for you to ask,” said Marcie. The couple disappeared in the crowded dance floor as Tiffany eyed her would-be dance companion. She thought he wasn’t half bad even without a few drinks in her. “Let’s go, cowboy.”

It was girls night out for the two women, a ritual they performed about once a month. Marcie truly enjoyed their adventures. She had been married for almost three years, and while she loved her husband she had a wild streak she indulged from time to time. Tiffany was still single and between boyfriends. The two women, both 28, were primed and ready for a good time. 

The cowboys knew how to scoot their boots pretty well and gave the women a good workout on the dance floor. They were strong, charming, well mannered and flirtatious. The foursome spent a couple of hours dancing and drinking. Marcie could tell Tiffany’s cowboy was getting some pussy later. She remained undecided if her cowboy was going to be awarded any of her shaved tight cunt.

The cowboys let it be known they were real rodeo cowboys and members in good standing of the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association. Tiffany’s cowboy competed in bull and saddle bronc riding. Marcie’s cowboy was a bulldogger and calf roper. They traveled the circuit together and shared expenses. “Hell, we share everything,” said one them with a wink.

“In fact, we’re late for midnight rodeo,” said the other. “Y’all want to go?”

Tiffany looked at Marcie and nodded. “Midnight Rodeo? You mean another dance club?”

“No, a real midnight rodeo. Only thing is everyone who goes has to ride. Y’all ever been to one?”

“No, where is it?”

“We’ll take you and have you back here by breakfast if you think you can could handle it.”

Tiffany and Marcie exchanged glances again. “It’s gettin’ late ladies. If y’all don’t want to join us we need to ease on down the road,” drawled the taller cowboy. “Its time to ride and slide.”

Usually the fun usually never progressed beyond dancing, drinking and flirting when Tiffany and Marcie had a girl’s night out. Sure, the two had occasionally given a “thanks for some fun” blowjob in the parking lot. This seemed to be going a step further. “We gotta pee, stay here,” said Marcie as she grabbed Tiffany’s hand and jerked her out of her chair and towards the restroom. The two compared notes, took stock of their relative safety with the good looking strangers and tried to make a joint decision. “Do what you want. If you want to go home you can take my car,” said Tiffany. “I’m going to midnight rodeo.” Marcie couldn’t abandon her friend, could she? 

Marcie’s husband Steve found Tiffany’s car in the parking lot and parked nearby. He had a pretty good idea what went on during girl’s night out. Marcie had left the house in a pair of jeans so tight she could barely bend over to pick up her purse. The bright Wrangler cowgirl shirt, unbuttoned a bit too immodestly, only highlighted her cantaloupe sized tits. Marcie left the house in full cowgirl regalia, make up and hair perfect and leaving a trail of perfume. He had put up with it for three years and he wanted to know exactly what his wife was up to. She usually came home but sometimes she didn’t, saying she had drank too much and crashed at Tiffany’s. 

He sat in the car pondering how Marcie would react when he entered the club and said tonight he was joining the party. He got out of the car and was about to start towards the door when a foursome, giggling and laughing, walked into the sodium vapor light of the parking lot. Steve froze when he saw his wife and Tiffany with two handsome young cowboys walking towards a F-350 quad cab pickup. The cowboys opened the doors and helped the ladies up. The diesel engine turned over and the truck began to back out. Steve quickly went back to his car and followed. The windows were darkly tinted and Steve couldn’t see what was happening in the truck. His worst suspicions became a raging anger. Marcie loved sucking cock and never missed an opportunity to blow Steve. She said she loved the feel of a hard cock in her mouth and the taste of cum. He imagined her in the backseat with her head in a man’s lap.

The truck arrived at a small trailer home on a farm-to-market road outside the city. “Hey, I thought we were going to a rodeo. This ain’t no arena,” said Marcie. 

“Oh hell yes it is. Y’all just need to get ready to cowgirl up,” chuckled Tiffany’s cowboy. Just let the place be clean, thought Marcie. 

One of the cowboys grabbed four beers while the other turned on the CD player. “Ok, ladies. Welcome to midnight rodeo. At midnight rodeo you two get to take turns being the mounts. If we can break you into the saddle and you do right you can have a turn riding. If you don’t, I’ll take you back to the club right fucking now. Any takers?” Tiffany and Marcie just sat on the couch and marveled at how the two well behaved cowboys had suddenly taken complete control. They decided to find out what midnight rodeo was all about.

“Alright then. Take them shirts and bras off and let’s see what kind of tits you rookies have.” The two women blushed and giggled a bit as they complied. One of the cowboys walked over and took a tit in each hand. “Nice. No sagging here, Roy. Pretty firm and they sit up straight,” said Chuck. “Come and check ‘em out.” Chuck played with each woman’s nipples for a few seconds. “Nipples get nice and hard, too. Now, you two rookies rub them nipples together. Rub them titties on each other.” Tiffany and Marcie had never considered themselves bisexual, or entertained any fantasies about experiencing another woman, much less their best friend. Uncertainly, Marcie pushed her tits against Tiffany’s little B cup breasts and let her nipples drag slowly back and fourth. “Y’all cup them titties in your hands. Lift ‘em up,” said Chuck. The women rubbed their nipples against one another and enjoyed the sensations.

“Ok. On you feet rookies. Time for to get ready for the next event. Marcie, help Tiffany out of her skirt.” Marcie felt for the zipper on the back of Tiffany’s short denim skirt. She held the skirt and slowly let it slide down her short but shapely legs. Tiffany’s bushy blonde cunt was at eye level and she could smell her friend’s excitement. Tiffany did not have panties on.

“Alright, Tiffany. Get Marcie out of her fuck me jeans.” Marcie stood and kicked off her boots while Tiffany knelt and began unbuckling her belt. She had to tug pretty hard to get Marcie’s jeans off. When she finally had them pooled at her ankles she reached for her pink thong and began to slide them down her friend’s long legs. She was surprised to see Marcie completely shaved her pussy. 

Chuck and Roy sat on the couch and watched the two women take turn undressing one another. “Hey! Y’all get those cowgirl boots back on. How can ya’ expect to rodeo if you don’t have your boots on?” The women put their boots back on and turned to face the men. Roy and Chuck drank beer and admired the sights for a few minuets, exchanging comments about the fine conformation on the two “fillies.”

“Time for a real event now, rookies. Here is the deal. You two are going to suck our cocks. The only way we can give each of you a score is for us to judge you both. So when we say change, y’all switch. Now, first one to make one us cum wins this event. Winner gets a prize.” The men unzipped their pants and took out their raging cocks. Since this was a timed event Tiffany and Marcie didn’t waste anytime tasting or licking. They each took as much cock as they could fit in their mouths and face fucked their cowboy hard and fast. 

“Y’all need to keep those pussies good and wet, ladies. Why don’t you play with each other while you do that.” Marcie stiffened when Tiffany’s hand immediately shot to her pussy and felt for her clit. Tiffany had been hoping for a chance to touch her from the moment she saw her soft, smooth pussy. Marcie tentatively reached over and fingered Tiffany’s pubic hair. She could feel a little wetness in her bush and she slowly began to feel for her clit. She found Tiffany had large clit, or at least larger than hers. Tiffany began to grind against her friends finger as she furiously sucked at Roy’s cock. Marcie tried to relax and enjoy Tiffany’s finger as it moved from her clit and began to finger fuck her tight twat.

“Switch. Hurry up ladies.” Tiffany took Chuck’s cock into her mouth with loud slurps. It was wet with Marcie’s saliva and a little thicker than Roy’s. She bobbed her head and reached back for her best friend’s clit while spreading her legs wide to allow full access.

The two women switched cocks twice more before Roy announced he was about to blow a load. Chuck laughed and told Marcie she was going to lose. “Do you like the taste of cum?” Roy asked Tiffany. Tiffany shook her head no as she drew him deep down her throat. “You are going to take mine tonight, aren’t you cowgirl?” Tiffany nodded her head yes.

That’s it…suck it…suck it deep…faster, sugar. Here I cum…here it is…” He took her by the hair and harshly fucked her mouth. Tiffany sputtered and coughed as gobs of cum overwhelmed her. Roy finally relaxed and let go of her hair. She immediately spit the cock out of her mouth and tried to stop coughing. Some of his cum had run out of her mouth and down her chin and cheeks. Roy took his cock and smeared the cum around her face as she tried to catch her breath.

“Rookie, as good as you give head, you lost. Event is over,” said Chuck. “Nooooo,” whined Marcie, “I like it when a guy cums in my mouth. I’ll settle for second place.”

“Nope. We lost this go around cowgirl. You want cum? You can lick the leftovers off Tiffany’s pretty little face. In fact, you need to clean her up and get her ready for the next event.” 

Marcie tentatively leaned in towards Tiffany and lightly licked a drop of cum off her cheek. Slowly she licked the cum from her face as Roy and Chuck encouraged her and pointed out places she had missed.

“Chuck, its time to see what these little fillies taste like. Ladies, y’all need to lay on the floor and spread those pretty legs nice and wide.” The cowboys finished their beers as the girls settled in as instructed “Now, here is the rule on this event. Last one to cum loses. And you two need to play with each other tits during this event.” 

Marcie was pretty sure she was going to win this one. Her cunt was on fire and her clit throbbed for release. The cowboys slowly ate and licked their pussies and exchanged commentaries on how the women tasted. They took great care to avoid the engorged clits and chuckled at how the women bucked their hips. Marcie gently rubbed Tiffany’s nipples. Tiffany, on the other hand, was mauling her tits. “Ouch, Goddamnit. That hurts, Tiffany. Owww!..fucking knock it off Tiffany. Quit fucking pinching so hard.” 

Chuck bore down hard on Marcie’s clit and slipped a finger inside her. She felt tight around his finger. It didn’t take long for Marcie. She wailed and bucked as an intense orgasm overtook her. Chuck sucked and licked at her clit as he quickly finger fucked her, enjoying the way she tightly wrapped her legs around his head. “Roy, this little filly is in season. Fuck she gets wet. Little Marcie here done won this one.”

Tiffany was on the verge and never heard Marcie cum. She was focusing on her impending orgasm when Roy lifted his head. “Sorry, lil’ darlin.’ She just evened the score on you. Damn you taste good, but rules is rules. Besides, we all need a break before the big event. Hey, Chuck. I’m one up on you, buddy. You need to bust a nut to catch up. How you going to do it?”

“Ol’ Marcie here sure has a nice set of tits. Looks like she going to wear the pearl necklace tonight,” said Chuck. He straddled Marcie and rubbed the head of his cock her nipples. “You sure are going to look pretty wearing it, cowgirl. Now squeeze those big tits together. Make it nice and tight for me. That’s it, push ‘em together nice and close.” Chuck began to tit fuck her in earnest.

“Ride ‘em cowboy. Get some, motherfucker! Put that shit all over her titties. Tiffany, get up off the floor and watch you friend. Lean down there close and watch.” Tiffany was beside herself with a need to cum. “Please, Roy. Please. I am begging you. This isn’t fair, I want to get off.”

Tiffany’s whining stopped when she felt the cold against her pussy lips. “Here, cowgirl. You can warm up for the next event with this. Now spread them legs, girl.” Tiffany’s eyes went wide when she realized Roy was slowly working the neck of a beer bottle inside her tight wetness. “Lean back down. Get your head on her shoulder and watch that titty fucking. Hell, you might get some on you if you get close enough.” Roy gently worked the neck of the bottle inside Tiffany. When it was slick with pussy juice and she had adjusted to its thickness Roy began to slowly fuck her with it. 

Tiffany was losing it. She couldn’t believe what she was doing, watching a stranger tit fuck her best friend while another used a longneck on her as a dildo. “Do it, Roy. Fuck me with the thing! Fuck it hard, cowboy. Make my little pussy cum. Faster…God…that is better than my dildo. Fucking DO it! DO it for me.”

Marcie watched as her friend exploded. Who knew Tiffany was a little slut who would fuck a beer bottle? Chuck suddenly roared. She felt the first thick rope of warm cum between her tits and watched as spurts of cum washed over her chest and throat. After he blew his last load Chuck fed his cum covered cock to her. 

“Hey, you hot little filly. You need to help clean up Chuck’s mess. Go lick some cum off your girlfriend.” He watched as Tiffany, the beer bottle still inserted in her slick pussy, licked and slurped cum off Marcie’s chest. 

Steve stood outside of the door as the noise subsided. He had listened to the entire episode through the thin metal door. He was angry, but apart of his was also very aroused at hearing how his wife was being treated as a fuck toy. He wondered if girl’s night out was going as planned, or if it had taken a different turn. He knew his wife was a huge tease. He wanted to knock the door off its hinges and confront his slut wife. A part of him also wanted to continue to be the voyeur. He weighed his options and waited.

They were sipping another round of beers when Chuck asked if they were ready for the next event. “Time for you girls to ride a cowboy. Now time for this event you only points for style,” he grinned. “And its time for ladies choice. So who is doing who?” A long silence filled the room.

“I want to fuck both of you,” said Marcie. 

“You greedy little slut,” laughed Tiffany. “You have all the cock you want at home, and now you want all the cock tonight? Not no way, not no how. Come on, Roy. Ride me hard but don’t put me away wet. Let’s see what kind of stud you are.”

“You get it up and you can have all you want, little lady.”

Tiffany crawled over to Roy and took his cock in her soft, small hands. She began to slowly jack his semi hard cock. “Don’t you want some pussy, Roy? Some wet, tight pussy? All the pussy this little filly has to offer? Come on, show me how a real cowboy can ride. Saddle me up and see if you can stay on.”

“Alright. Turn around. That’s it. Now tilt that ass up,” said Roy. He positioned himself to fuck her blonde box doggy style. “We are riding bareback tonight.” He feed the tip of his cock into her waiting pussy and held it there. “Now THIS is what midnight rodeo is all about. Time to nod for the gate.” He jammed his cock into her wet slit and Tiffany yelped. Slowly he adjusted and began fucking her in earnest. “Oh, man. Chuck, this is some tight pussy. How long since you’ve been fucked, little lady? Man, you have to try a piece of this ass when I’m through.”

Marcie and Chuck watched as Roy laid the wood to Tiffany. “Well, look here. Ol’ Paint is back,” said Chuck pointing to his erection. “You ready?”

“Hell yes, cowboy. Show me how its done.”

“How about a little ass fucking? You know, break that little cowgirl ass in right. I’ve got some KY in the bedroom.”

”NO,” shouted Marcie. “I haven’t even let my husband fuck my ass. I don’t even want to try it. I mean it. You try and fuck my ass and the game is over. No one’s going to put it back there.”

“Ok, ok, calm down. Hell, it was just an idea.”

Chuck stretched out on the couch and told Marcie to climb aboard. She position her slick, hairless pussy over the tip of his cock and slid down, savoring the sensation of it filling her hot fuckhole.

They fucked for a good hour. They swapped partners a few times and fucked in every conceivable position. Roy and Chuck proved their staying power while Tiffany and Marcie fucked and came until their pussies went almost dry. Chuck finally took Tiffany by her ankles and bent her over double and busted his nut insider her. Roy bent Marcie over the kitchen table blew his load into her waiting pussy. 

They cowboys took the girls back to the club a little after dawn. The girls gave their cowboys a farewell kiss and thanked them for introducing them to midnight rodeo. As they walked away Roy rolled down the window and shouted “Hey! You cowgirls are walking a little bowlegged. When your saddle sores heal you come and find us.” The women giggled and waved them good bye.

Marcie told Tiffany she need to shower at her place and recoup a little before going home to Steve. “So how did it feel to you when you touched me and everything? It was kind of weird,” said Marcie. 

“I’ll join you in the shower and tell you then. Roy and Chuck went on and on about how your pussy tasted and I want to see for myself,” smiled Tiffany. “And if we like it, we can have our own midnight rodeo sometime.”

Marcie got home a little before noon. “Hi baby! Well, Tiffany and I did it again. We had to take a cab to Tiffany’s and we both just crashed. I would have called but I figured you knew what happened.”

Steve just sat there, nursing a cup of coffee and looking like hell. “So how was your evening?” 

“It was fine, baby. Are you ok? Did you sleep last night?”

”No.”

“Did you stay up drinking or worrying? You know how Tiffany gets. She got a little wild and drank too much. It was a good thing I was there to keep her out of trouble. You don’t look so good. Come on, let’s go take a nap. I didn’t sleep too well myself.”

“Midnight rodeo isn’t over cowgirl.”

Marcie froze. “Whaaaaaa…?”

“I said, and listen clearly cowgirl, midnight rodeo isn’t over. You have still have one last event.”

“Steve, what are you talking about?”

He pulled a tube of KY out of his shirt pocket and tossed it to her.

“And when we are through breaking your ass in right you can tell Tiffany if she wants to midnight rodeo with you anymore its going to happen right here.”