 As always, a completely and utterly true story.

After our threesome with Tamara, you would have thought it would be me who'd be saying "Okay, we've had a threesome with another girl, what about another guy!" but it was actually Francis who was the first the suggest this. The greatest thing about my husband sexually is that what arouses him the most is when I'm turned on. He literally gets off on whatever I fantasize about, and he actually refuses to have sex with me if I'm not in the mood. I guess some guys are turned on by big boobs, some are turned on by younger girls, and fortunately for me Francis is turned on by seeing his wife with a look of sexual ecstasy on her face. 

Our friends Mary & Simon had recently come into a lot of money, and one of their purchases was a large luxury cottage about 3 hours away. It wasn't the usual wooden shack, but a huge, fully furnished holiday property that put most of our residences to shame. The rooms were relatively small, but there must have been 8 or 9 bedrooms, so the place was ideal to invite a large amount of guests to. 

This was the official house-warming party, so our hosts had gone all out with a lavish spread of food, and a few crates of champagne – no expense spared. The usual cottage games followed supper, and with state of the art illuminations, the activities continued through into late evening. Most of the 20 or so guests who were there, we hadn't previously met, but as the alcohol went down, so too did the inhibitions, and before you knew it, everyone was getting along quite well.

One guy who grabbed my attention, was Mike, one of the few guests who'd come up on his own. He was a tall, clean-cut individual, about the same age as us, and had recently divorced from his wife, so was in the mood to drink a little too much and vanquish a lot of unpleasant memories. We talked for a long time, the three of us sitting in one of the two hot-tubs, while the rest of the party continued their games. Occasionally someone else would get in with us, but maybe they didn't like our relatively laid back partying, as they didn't last too long in there. 

With the intoxication level rising a few couples drunkenly made their way into the lake, the girls topless, the guys splashing them and cheering raucously. Inevitably a pair of bikini bottoms suddenly appeared from beneath the water, a girl proudly twirling them around her head, and all of a sudden the "Skinny Dipping" cry went up, and a dozen or so shorts were thrown from the lake onto the shore. 

As two of the girls quickly kissed to satisfy the dares of their husbands, I asked Mike if he was going to join them in the lake. 

"I don't think that would be a good idea," he said, and pulled himself up above the water level, just enough so we could see he had a massive erection. We burst into laughter as he sank back into the tub, a semi-embarrassed grin across his face. Despite the intimacy of the tub and the nudity going on before our eyes, it remained a laid back affair, with no sexual intensity in the air.

Two couples left the lake and hurriedly made their way into the cottage, unsubtly attempting to look inconspicuous. Out in the lake about 30 feet from shore, another couple were hooking up in a small row boat, blatantly having sex as the boat rocked back and forth. But still our mood was quite nonchalant as Francis & I decided to call it a night and made our way to our prearranged bedroom. 

It wasn't until I doubled back and asked Mike if he had a room to stay in, that for the first time some illicit thoughts raced through my mind. He didn't have a room, and gratefully accepted the invitation. We returned to the room and Francis was fine with it, even going so far as to suggest he join us in the bed as the floor was hard and he hadn't brought a sleeping bag. Still there was no sexual electricity in the air, as we turned off the lights, and it looked like we would indeed fall asleep like three well behaved, responsible adults. Myself in between the two of them. 

However, about 5 minutes later, with Mike on his side, facing the wall, Francis turned to me and looked me in the eye, a wry grin spread across his face. He ran a hand up my thigh and between my legs, over my underwear and the first seeds of sex were planted in the room. I moved my hand over to Francis and felt he was hard. He then motioned his head towards Mike's direction – the same indication he'd given me when we were with Tamara, some months previous. 

I raised my eyebrows as if to say "Are you sure?!" and he nodded, pushing my hand away from him, and pushing it slowly in Mike's direction. I leaned in and kissed my husband, and then rolled my body, angling it towards Mike rather than Francis. I knew he couldn't see what was about to unfold but he knew the ritual – I have certain moves - and it brought back strong and extremely erotic memories of our first few months together all those years ago, when your hands start to wander for the first time.

With his back still towards me, I spooned in a little closer to our guest and started running my right hand up Mike's thigh, slowly going underneath the shorts, but careful not to actually touch him. I'd then delve down from the top of the shorts, underneath the elastic, again avoiding any direct contact. This went on for a few minutes, each time getting closer and closer, sometimes accidentally rubbing a bit too hard and moving my wrist on top of his penis. I didn't know whether he was awake as he really didn't respond; I could feel he was hard with my supposed incidental contact, but I know guys have erections in their sleep, however I continued nonetheless. Eventually my whole hand made its way under the shorts, and slowly, one finger at a time, I took hold of him. I knew then he most definitely was awake he inhaled loudly and began to move from his side onto his back. I looked over at Francis who was staring at us in the dark. I'm sure he could just about make us out as I now nestled on Mike's shoulder, and began licking his ear and neck.

Mike's breathing became louder as the sheets also began to make some noise, as I masturbated him more vigorously. Just then I felt a hand between my legs. I made the same deep inhale, and was trying figure out whether it was Mike or Francis. I put my hand on top of the hand and traced the arm back. Indeed it was Mike who'd made contact with me. It was the first time I'd been touched by a guy other than Francis or my, ex since I was a teenager. I could feel how wet my underwear was and my breathing clearly tipped Francis off as I felt his hand go between my legs, only to discover he'd been beaten to the punch, as Mike continued to rub me through the material.

It wasn't long before my knees were up in the air, as I'd had as much as I could take of cotton obstructions. I threw them onto the floor, and then took my t-shirt off as well. Now fully naked, I decided to tease Francis a little bit. I began to move on my knees towards him, as if I was going to kiss him, but then to his shock, I disappeared under the covers, and moved towards Mike. 

I pulled his boxers down as he lifted his bum off the bed, and threw them onto the floor before getting back under the covers from the foot of the bed. I started at his ankles and then kissed my way up his body, occasionally giving a lick as well. I kissed his belly, then his thighs, and took hold of his penis with my right hand. Still under the sheet, I held my head over his penis, and brought it towards my mouth. I wanted to see it, but under the covers it was too dark, so I closed me eyes, licked all around the head, and then slowly took him into my mouth. He exhaled approvingly as Francis watched the covers over Mike's midsection moved up and down. I don't know how he lasted, as I was on the verge of coming just doing it.

After a couple of minutes I moved up, sliding my naked body over his, until my head was exposed and I was lying on top of him. I could feel his erection rubbing against by pubic hair. All I'd have needed was to move back down him an inch or so and he'd have been inside me. It too an awful lot of willpower not to just slide him into me, but instead I turned to Francis and said "Fuck me baby!" He threw the sheets off the bed, and as I resumed my position between Mike's legs, Francis entered me from behind. I remember my friend about her "Letter H" fantasy many years ago, and here I was finally playing it out, my husband thrusting in and out of me, as I gave a blowjob to a relative stranger.

The only thing missing for Francis was that he wanted a better view of the action – he really couldn't see the look of desire on my face, and I knew this would bother him, so moved back to the bed, pulled me up with him so our heads were on the same pillow, and he started spooning with me from behind. Mike watched us for a minute or so, and then got on his knees, positioned his penis right in front of my face, and I duly took it in my mouth. It was the most erotic thing we'd ever done as a couple. My eyes closed as Mike got the blowjob of a lifetime, but I opened them when I realised the proximity of this to my own husbands face. It turned me on even more. I was in heaven as I licked and sucked on him for all I was worth, and seeing his penis inches away from my husband's mouth just drove me crazy. I'd never thought about Francis being with another guy before, but it was so erotic, I just wanted to see him take it out of my mouth and slide it into Francis'. However Mike began thrusting with great vigour and started to become more vocal, so we knew he was about to come.

I was expecting him to come in my mouth, and was concerned because although I'd spoken with my husband in great detail about what we'd do with another guy, we'd not discussed where he'd come, but any problem was averted when he pulled out and finished himself off over my chest. He was clearly backed up quite a bit, because he just kept coming and coming all over my boobs. When he finished, I pulled him back and gave him one last lick, tasting him for the first time, and that sent Francis over the edge, coming inside me. 

Mike was gone when we woke up in the morning. We must have crashed out cold after the sex, and both been sleeping soundly – we had drunk a fair amount the previous night - as he left. I smiled at Francis as the sun shone through the curtains.

"Are you okay with last night?" I asked.

He pulled my hand down and placed it on his rock hard penis. 

"What do you think?" he asked. "I just wish he'd come in your mouth."