 Author's note: This is Part Four of a five-part series. In order to better appreciate this story, I encourage you to first read Part One, Part Two and Part Three .

*

Our evening routine at Desire resort fell into a similarly predictable pattern as our daily routine. Michelle and I would enjoy dinner together, either alone or with another couple, at one of the resort's three main restaurants. After dinner, we would hang out at the lobby bar to watch the evening's entertainment. Next, we would head to the disco and spend several hours dancing and flirting the night away. Finally, we would walk straight from the disco to the hot tub to enjoy a late-night soak before stumbling back to our room, where we would get a few hours of rest before doing it all over again the next day.

On the third day of our week-long vacation, our travel agent hosted a "welcome party" for every couple that had booked through their service. It was considered to be a "takeover week" at the resort because most of the guests had booked through the same agency. Everyone we met who had traveled with this company before told us that this party was not to be missed, although no one would provide any details about the party or what we should expect.

The theme of the party was lingerie, and all of the guests were expected to dress in the theme. Michelle wore a very cute green silk teddy with lacy black panties and high-heeled "fuck-me pumps." I wore simple silk boxers. The party was held in the disco, and as we walked through the lobby area, I noticed that more than a few heads turned in Michelle's direction. Her little silk teddy perfectly complemented her green eyes and long red hair, and her petite body looked irresistibly touchable wrapped in silk and lace.

When we arrived at the party, we noticed a large table had been set up with dozens of envelopes upon it. I found one with my name on it, and upon opening it, discovered it contained six fake "dollars."

"Interesting," I remarked, and Michelle gave me a curious look.

The disco featured a large dance floor in the middle of the room, surrounded by several large and ornate beds, couches, love seats and chairs. There was a bar at the back of the room, and beyond that, of course, was the infamous "playroom."

Michelle and I went straight to the bar and found our buddy Carlos behind the counter. He knew exactly what we wanted, and began pouring before we had even asked. We recognized several people, and chatted with them while the room continued to fill with men and women, all dressed in silky, lacy nightwear.

We were just finishing our second drinks at the bar when Jon, the host of the event, stepped to the middle of the dance floor with a microphone and welcomed everyone to his party. After thanking the resort staff and all the people who had a hand in the party planning, he explained the ground rules.

"For those of you who have been to our parties before, you know the drill," he intoned in a heavy New York accent. "For you newbies, here's the deal. The rule is: what happens here, stays here. Once you leave this place, you don't talk about it again, whether it's someone here at the party or anyone else."

I looked at Michelle, and she looked both apprehensive and intrigued.

"Now," Jon continued, "all of the men here should have received an envelope full of money. If you didn't get one, go get one. It's on the table by the front door. The deal with the money is this: you can give those bills to anyone except your wife or girlfriend. At the end of the party, we're going to have an auction, and we have some great stuff here."

He pointed to a table against the wall to his left.

"We have lingerie, perfume, sex toys, liquor, you name it. All good stuff. Ladies, the more money you earn, the more you can spend."

He then paused, and flashed a dirty grin.

"How you earn that money," he said in a sinister tone, "is up to you."

The guys in the room all burst into laughter and applause, and the ladies appeared to display a mixture of uncertainty and excitement. I looked at Michelle, and she wore a naughty smile. I could tell the wheels in her head were turning. She was such a competitive person, and I knew she was viewing this as an opportunity to compete with the other ladies in the room.

"Let the party begin!" Jon bellowed into the mic.

Michelle stood motionless for a moment, and seemed uncertain about what to do.

"Well," I said with a smile, "you heard the man. Go earn some money!"

I gave her a playful slap on the ass, and she disappeared into the crowd. There were so many people crammed into the room, and the noise from the music and excited chatter was so loud, I immediately searched for a quieter, less hectic, place to stand. I found one at the bar.

I ordered another drink from Carlos and scanned the room. I recognized Rachel, the woman we had met in the hot tub the day before, standing alone and looking as uncertain as Michelle had appeared a moment earlier. Her enormous breasts strained against the fabric of a black leather corset. She wore matching black garters and belt, and the obligatory high heels. I ordered a drink for her, and made my way through the crowd toward her.

"It looks like you could use this," I said, handing her the drink, and her bright blue eyes lit up the moment she recognized me.

"Thanks," she said, and quickly sipped her drink.

"Wild party," I said, and nodded my head toward a woman who was on her knees giving head to a man to our right.

"Where's Chuck?" I asked. She told me he disappeared into the crowd and left her there. I assured her that I'd keep her company for a while, and put my arm around her. She turned to face me and we shared a sweet, passionate kiss. Her soft lips practically melted in my mouth. I wrapped my arms around her and enjoyed the softness and warmth of her body.

As we kissed, I lowered my hands to her ample ass, slipped my fingers beneath her panties, and gently caressed her naked skin. She kissed me deeper, and I let my hands roam to the front of her corset. As I nibbled on her neck and inhaled her sweet scent, I squeezed her ample breasts and verified to the best of my amateur ability that they were, in fact, natural.

She explored me with her hands as well, and found my hard cock pressed against her. She squeezed and stroked me through the silk fabric of my boxer shorts while my fingers slipped beneath the front of her panties and found her wet pussy. She opened her mouth and fed me her tongue, and I gently slid my fingers along her slit before plunging two of them inside of her. She elicited a sexy moan and stroked my cock harder and faster.

"Hey, there you are!"

We broke away suddenly, and turned to find Chuck standing next to us. My boxer shorts had comically transformed into a circus tent, but he didn't seem to notice.

"Hey, where did you go?" Rachel asked, slightly out of breath.

"I told you I'd be right back," he responded. "I just went to talk to Rob and Christina."

He asked if she had collected any money yet. I had been so distracted by his wife that I forgot about the game we were playing. I quickly took a couple of bills out of my waistband and handed them to Rachel.

"Wow -- two bills," Chuck remarked. "You must have been pretty good!"

He told me that one of his bills had Michelle's name written all over it, and asked where she was. I replied that she was somewhere in the crowd, and he took off in search of her. I smiled at Rachel and told her she'd better go earn some money. She gave me a warm hug and thanked me for my contribution.

I wanted to give Michelle some space, but at the same time I was aching to know what she was doing. I began to battle my way through the crowd. All around me, scantily-clad women were kissing, stroking and fondling men, all of whom wore wide smiles on their faces. Several women were on their knees servicing men with their mouths. I recognized one such woman immediately by her long, curly red hair.

Michelle was kneeling in front of a man who wore an expression of sheer ecstasy as she worked her mouth over his stiff rod. I wasn't surprised to notice the man appeared a bit older, as she seemed to have a strange attraction to older men. Standing on either side of them were two men of roughly the same age, who were clearly admiring the job that she was performing on this random stranger.

She rose to her feet and gave the older man a kiss. He said something to her, and then handed her a couple of bills. She then made her way down the line to the next men standing to his left. She exchanged words with him, and he smiled from ear to ear. She lowered herself to her knees in front of him, fished around in his boxers, took out his already stiff cock and put it in her mouth.

I never grew tired of watching her suck other men's cocks. In a strange way, it made me feel incredibly generous to share such an amazing gift with other men. I tried to keep my distance, as I didn't want her to know I was watching. When I turned around, a woman approached me. She appeared to be around my age, with short, sandy brown hair, dark eyes and full, luscious lips. She had a decent figure, which was complimented nicely by the red negligee she was wearing.

"I couldn't help but notice you have some bills hanging out of your boxers," she said with a sweet Southern accent.

"I do?" I responded, sarcastically. "Oh, yeah, I guess I do. I was just wondering how I might spend one."

"Hmm...well, maybe I can help," she said. She took me by the hand and directed me to the empty bed I had been leaning against. I lay on my back, and she crawled seductively between my legs. I was already fully engorged from watching Michelle do what she does best, so it took a little effort for this mystery woman to free my cock from my shorts.

She wrapped her full lips around my cock head and swirled her tongue all around it. Then she plunged the entire length of my shaft into her mouth, all the way to the base, and swirled her tongue there as well. She slowly withdrew, and repeated this motion over and over.

To that point in my life, I never thought any woman could ever give a better blowjob than Michelle, but this woman was truly giving her a run for her money. Her technique, combined with those big, soft lips, created an amazing sensation. I felt ripples of pleasure throughout my entire body. 

As suddenly as it began, it ended. She took me out of my mouth, smiled up at me, and rose to her knees. I clumsily fumbled for a dollar and handed it to her. She thanked me, and began to rise from the bed when I stopped her. I held out another dollar.

"Just a little longer?" I asked with a smile. She smiled wide, took my dollar, and leaned forward into my lap once again, taking my stiff, fat cock back into her mouth. She must have sensed that I was on the verge of an orgasm, because she slowed her pace, and seemed to take delight in keeping me there. She held her lips in place with my cock buried deep inside her mouth, and ran her tongue over my shaft with slow and tantalizing licks.

She withdrew with an audible slurping sound, and she looked at me with those big, dark eyes and flashed a naughty smile. I leaned forward and tasted her full lips, and thanked her for an amazing blowjob. As she rose from the bed and turned to leave, I appreciated the view of her ample ass framed by her red lace panties.

My cock was still throbbing, and it took me several minutes before I could move from the bed. I glanced over to where I had last seen my wife, and she was no longer there -- no doubt sucking another stranger's dick. I was startled by a voice to my left.

"She's something, ain't she?"

A man was standing at the foot of my bed, wearing over-sized boxer shorts. I estimated he had to be around 100 pounds overweight. He had a Southern accent and a wide and friendly smile. I could only assume that he was referring to the mystery woman who had just left the bed. I rose from my reclining position and sat on the edge of the bed, still trying to tame my raging hard-on.

"Yes, she is," I said. "You have no idea."

"I sure do," he said, proudly. "That's my wife!"

I couldn't help but wonder how such a physically mismatched couple came together.

"I hope you don't mind," I said.

"Of course not! Man, I love to watch her work."

He introduced himself as John, and I finally learned that the mystery woman's name was Amber. I shook his hand, thanked him for sharing her talents, and offered to "buy him a drink" (a lame running joke at this all-inclusive resort.)

As we sat at the bar, a woman approached me and offered to give me a lap dance. I wasn't particularly attracted to her, but didn't have the heart to reject her. She spun me around in my chair and wriggled her ass in my lap to the beat of the music. I thanked her and handed her a buck.

"Only one more left," I remarked to John.

Just then, our party's host spoke into the microphone once again, letting us know that there were only 15 minutes left until the start of the auction.

"I know exactly how I want to spend that last dollar," I said to John, and he just smiled and nodded. He rose from his chair and scanned the room for his wife. I did the same, looking for Michelle, and spotted her immediately on one of the beds against the wall. She was kneeling on all fours between a pair of hairy legs, and her head bobbed up and down. I couldn't help but smile and shake my head. She was having the time of her life showing off for all these men.

John rejoined me, with his lovely wife in tow.

"John tells me you have another dollar to spend," she said in a flirty tone.

"It's yours if you'd like it," I replied with a smile.

All of the beds were full, so she led me to the corner behind the bar, and with my back against the wall, she dropped to her knees in front of me, yanked down my boxers and grabbed my stiffening cock. She teased me a bit with her tongue before putting it in her mouth and sliding me all the way in. The swirling motion of her tongue was driving me insane, and I felt weak in the knees. She withdrew me completely from her mouth, lifted my stiff rod, and flicked her tongue along my balls. She seemed to enjoy the fact that she was driving me wild.

After a few minutes of this exquisite torture, I couldn't take anymore.

"Okay, okay," I said, lifting her to her feet. "Here's your dollar. You definitely earned it."

I handed her the dollar, and she promptly stuffed it into the waistband of her little red panties.

"You know, for a few dollars more, she would do more than suck you," John suddenly added. I told him she had just taken my last dollar, and he quickly produced all six of the bills he had been given at the start of the party and handed them to me. I playfully waved them in front of Amber.

"Not here," she said, and took me by the hand. She led me around the corner and into the darkened playroom behind the bar. There were three couples in the room, fucking and sucking each other in various positions. Amber lay down a towel on one of the open mattresses and removed her flimsy negligee. She wriggled out of her tiny panties, too, and now stood naked before me, wearing only her high heels. She had a very nice figure, with full breasts and a nicely-trimmed pubic area with only a tiny wisp of a "landing strip" of dark brown hair.

I dropped my boxers to the floor, and my cock sprung out at full attention. She lowered herself to her knees to continue what she had started outside in the disco, but I dropped down with her and guided her to the mattress. I wanted to return the oral favors she had been giving me all day. I also needed some time to calm down, as she had brought me to the edge of orgasm.

I kissed her passionately on the mouth and worked my way down her body, kissing her neck, her tits, her belly, and finally down to her glistening pussy. I squeezed her tits while my tongue flicked up, down and around her clit, teasing her just as she had teased me. I pressed my tongue hard against her opening, and then slowly moved upward toward her rigid clit, and licked in gentle circles on and around it. 

She writhed around on the mattress and pushed her hips toward my mouth as I continued to lick and suck, savoring the taste of her juices on my tongue. I could tell that she was nearing an orgasm, and I desperately wanted to fuck her.

I arose from my position to my knees, and came to the awful realization that I hadn't brought a condom with me. Wearing only boxers, I had nowhere to put one. It never occurred to me that I would need one at this party. Just then, as if he were reading my mind, John tapped me on the shoulder and handed me what I needed. I unwrapped it over my aching member and positioned myself at her entrance.

I gave her a deep kiss while I plunged inside her hot, wet cunt. She moaned loudly and dug her nails into my back as I pushed as deep as I could inside her, and then ground my pelvic bone into her clit. She spread her legs wider, allowing me to reach even deeper inside her. I could feel the tip of my cock brushing her cervix, and I continued to swivel my hips on top of her pubic mound.

When I couldn't take any more teasing, I withdrew halfway and then thrust deep and hard. Again and again, I pounded into her, harder and harder. Her moaning intensified with each thrust, and I could feel a tremendous orgasm building within me. Just as her body began to tense, and the muscles of her cunt contracted around my slippery pole, I gave one final thrust and unleashed a torrent of fluid into the condom while buried deep inside her.

Exhausted, I kissed her sweetly and flopped over onto my side. Lightheaded, I looked around the room and noticed the other three couples had left. The only other person in the room was John, who was cleaning himself up with a towel. Evidently, he enjoyed himself as much as we had.

All three of us quickly dressed and sneaked out of the room. When we re-entered the bar area, we discovered that the auction was already underway. I said good-bye to John and Amber and eventually found Michelle standing on the opposite side of the room.

"Where were you?" she asked, and I told her.

"So I guess you had fun," she said with a smile.

"And how about you?" I asked. "Did you have any fun?"

Without breaking eye contact, she reached into the waistband of her panties and produced a large handful of fake dollars. Before I could say anything, she stopped me. With her other hand, she reached into the other side of her waistband and produced an even larger handful.

"I guess that answers that question!" I said.