 Anne is always late. Late for school, late for dates and late for after school jobs. Despite her excitement to attend college, she turned up for classes a week late. Being late, she missed the sorority pledge parties, which are held so that the sorority members and the prospective pledges can check each other out. Anne was determined to join a sorority, but, as a consequence of missing the pledge parties, her sorority alternatives were narrowed to one. By the time she showed up for classes, the sole sorority with a pledge spot available was the Gamma Phi sorority, or, as it was more commonly known around the fraternities, the “Grabba Thighs.” 

Anne knew nothing of the reputation of the Gamma Phi sorority or its members. The only college bound senior from a small farming community, she knew little of the sororities or their members. She pledged the Gamma Phi sorority based exclusively on the fact that it had an opening. A sorority in need of pledges is a sorority in need of money. So the Gammas accepted Anne because she came from an affluent farming family and could therefore easily afford the sorority’s heavy dues. Being drop dead gorgeous helped her get in as well. 

Unlike many sororities, the Gammas had their freshmen women move into the sorority immediately upon pledging. On just her third day on campus, Anne moved into the sorority. She spent the warm fall day unloading her car and carrying boxes to her room. By the time she finished unpacking at eleven o’clock that night, she was hot, tired and dusty. Believing that a long hot shower would relax her so that she could sleep, she stripped and wrapped herself in a thick white towel and headed for the community shower. The sorority was surprisingly quiet on that night. Virtually all of the young woman were still out partying since classes were not yet being taken seriously.

As such, Anne is surprised to hear showers running full blast in the community bathroom. Pushing the door open, she peeks inside. The door opens into a narrow hallway lined with benches and hooks on the wall. On any given morning, the hallway is littered with discarded robes, slippers and other sleepwear. Tonight there is a pile of jeans, shirts, panties and bras. 

Anne tip toes through the hallway to peek into the shower room. A series of shower heads lines both sides of the community shower room. Anne cautiously approaches the showers, wondering who could be in there at this time of the night, and, being from a small town, she’s apprehensive about showering with a group of strange women. She considers herself shy about her body and had always gone out of her way to avoid showering in large groups while in high school. 

As she spies around the corner, the showers come in to view. Anne’s eyes widen. She couldn’t quite believe what she was seeing. Several of the shower heads were on and locked in an embrace were two naked women. The water hitting their bodies was hot, turning their skin pink and steaming slightly. Anne froze when she saw the women. They had not seen her and likely could have cared less. The women were kissing deeply, hands soaping each other as the hot water poured over them. 

The women were very similarly built. Both were medium height and firm athletic bodies. Anne could see their muscles rippling as they soaped each other. She recognized the women after watching them for a time. They were the President and Vice-President of the house, Candy and Sally. Both very attractive and perceived by Anne to be leaders of the sorority house. Now here they were, kissing deeply in the shower and fondling each other’s body.

At first Anne was repulsed, but as she watched and listened, she began to wonder what it would feel like to kiss and be kissed by another woman. Clearly these women were enjoying each other, enjoying their bodies. Anne had been involved in very few relationships, and certainly not with another woman. The woman that Anne recognized to be Candy now dropped to one knee and pushed Sally back against the shower wall. The hot water ran down Sally’s body, carrying streams of thick white soap down her body. Anne could almost feel the hot liquid floating down her body too as she watched. Candy’s hands reached around and clenched Sally’s ass. Anne could see the fingernail marks as Candy’s nails dug into Sally, pulling her pussy to Candy’s mouth. Sally’s legs began trembling as Candy took Sally’s clit in her mouth.

Anne could see Candy hungrily sucking Sally’s clit. She could also see Candy’s fingers plunging in and out of Sally’s wet pussy. Anne’s towel fell open as she leaned back against the tiled shower wall. As she watched, her fingers began to run over her firm breasts. She felt her nipples hardening. Anne twisted her nipples in her fingers, making them hard. Her eyes were glued to the two women in the shower now. One hand slipped down to her pussy. Her legs parted slightly and she massaged her hardening clit.

From the shower, Anne could hear Sally’s voice crying out now. Over and over as her body trembled and pulsed as Candy sucked and nibbled at her clit. “Oh god, oh god, fuck me, fuck my hairy pussy” she screamed. Sally’s pussy was indeed very thick and hairy and was in sharp contrast to Candy’s shaved pussy. Sally’s head rolled around on the tile shower wall as Candy finger fucked her and savagely ate her pussy. Sally couldn’t cum standing and she couldn’t get away. She was trapped in ecstasy.

Almost as if in self defense, Anne watched in amazement as Sally’s foot raised up off of the floor and began pressing against Candy’s pussy. Candy’s legs spread, letting Sally’s foot press up against her pussy. Candy’s concentration was broken now by Sally’s foot pressing hard against her pussy. She fell back down on the tile floor, releasing Sally from the wall. Sally’s big toe rammed in and out of Candy’s pussy now. Candy’s legs spread wide and she screamed with desire.

Anne’s pussy was soaked now. She couldn’t remember ever being so wet before. Two fingers were now buried deep inside her own pussy. Overcome by desire, she lifted her hand from her pussy and tasted herself, she had never tasted herself before. She was somewhat surprised to find that she liked her own taste.

As she watched Candy and Sally, she noticed that them glancing over their shoulders from time to time, looking toward the back of the shower room. Anne muffled her surprise when she saw a large naked man now walking from the back of the room over to the women. The young man was tall and heavily muscled. His shoulders and neck were huge, clearly a football player or a body builder. His cock was thick and long and stood straight out in front of him. Anne had seen very few cocks in her life, but this one was much larger than any she had ever even dreamed about. The man took the place where Sally had formerly been, leaning up against the shower wall. He leaned his head back against the wall and let the hot water run over his body. The water ran down his body and off the tip of his long cock.

The women watched him assume his position, then, as if on cue, they began to work him over. He closed his eyes and leaned back against the wall. Sally bent over and took his long cock in her mouth. Her mouth moved firmly up and down the long hard shaft of his cock. Anne could see his butt and leg muscles flex as he pushed his cock in and out of her mouth, fucking her mouth. Spreading his legs to make room for Candy, she slid in under him. Anne watched in amazement as Candy began sucking his large balls, taking turns sucking one then the other into her mouth. One hand reached up the inside of Sally’s thighs. Candy’s thumb rested on Sally’s asshole, pressing just in and out, while her fingers jammed in and out of Sally’s pussy. Candy’s other hand slipped up the inside of the man’s thighs and Anne could tell that Candy was playing with his asshole.

Anne’s towel fell to the floor of the shower room. She lost herself in the pleasure of her own hands. Her fingers were ramming deep inside her pussy now, surprising herself at her own wetness. Closing her eyes, she fucked herself with her fingers, her body lost in the sensation. She was so lost in the pleasure, that she scarcely noticed when she felt one of her nipples being sucked, pulled on hard by another mouth. A moan from deep insider her escaped her lips involuntarily. Another hand joined her hand on her pussy. The new hand much rougher, pounding deep and hard inside her.

Suddenly Anne felt two hands under her arms, lifting her up, pressing her against the shower wall. She wrapped her legs around the stranger, never opening her eyes. He lowered her down on to his cock. Her body shuddered and trembled as his thick cock sank into her. When his cock hit bottom, ramming her, she leaned forward and clutched him hard around the neck. Grinding her clit into the rock hard abs of the man holding her, she was again overcome with a desire to be fucked long and hard. She pushed and pulled her body up and down against her mystery man, never opening her eyes. 

Now, pulling away from the wall, she felt the mystery man walking, carrying her into the shower room. She humped him as he walked, feeling his rock hard cock burying deep inside her with each downstroke. Then she was being laid down on the shower room floor and hands were all over her. She kept her eyes closed, feeling the hands groping her, fondling her, playing with her pussy. A thought flashed through her mind, scaring her and stimulating her at the same time. “I’m in an orgy.” No she thought. “I’m the center of an orgy.”

Hands and water running all over her body. She could feel cocks sliding across her mouth, slipping in and out of her pussy, women’s hands massaging her clit, nipples running across her mouth. Clenching her eyes shut, she felt the sensation of pure raw sex, sex like she had never even imagined.

Hands lifted her now, pushing her over on to the large football player’s body. He was laying on the floor of the shower room. As Anne rolled over on to him, her hands ran across his thick chest, feeling the hard muscles of his neck, chest and stomach. Hands roamed over her, pulling on her nipples, fondling her ass, lifting her now. She could feel hands guiding the large thick cock into her trembling pussy. She felt the massive body underneath her moving now, muscles flexing as he rammed his cock in and out of her while she straddle him. The cock was thicker than she had ever imagined and she cried out with pain and pleasure. When she thought she couldn’t stand it anymore, she felt a long finger slip up inside her pussy, joining the cock as it rammed in and out of her.

Hands pushing her forward now. More hands massaging her asshole, playing with her, holding her open. Instinctively, she let herself relax, not believing what was happening, but all the same, wanting to feel it all. First a finger pressing against her asshole, then pushing just inside it. Then, harder now, she could feel a cock pressing against her, the football player’s cock still ramming in and out of her pussy.

Letting go of her inhibitions now, both cocks buried deep inside her. She could feel the two cocks as the pounded in and out of her. She finally cried out loudly. “God oh god oh god, fuck me fuck my puss fuck my ass fuck fuck fuck.” The two cocks filling her, the hands playing with her breasts, she couldn’t take any more. 

At the same times, the two cocks exploded with their loads inside her. She was filled with the cum of two men. The feeling carried her over the edge. Her body shook and trembled as she came in waves, over and over her orgasm took over her. She was nearly thrown on her back and she felt a mouth bury itself on her pussy. She tried pushing the mouth off of her, then succumbed to the sucking of her pussy. Someone was sucking her juices and the cum out of her pussy. Just as suddenly, the mouth let her pussy loose and was kissing her, filling her mouth with the taste of her own pussy juices and the cum which had been inside her.