 The late evening is temperate and breezy as you wait for his arrival. He pulls into the parking lot and finds you leaning up against the side of your car dressed in a loose cotton skirt and a light halter-top, and a pair of black flats. You share a warm greeting as he emerges from his car and moves to hug you tenderly, smelling lightly of amber and patchouli. He's in a Hawaiian shirt and a pair of black cargo pants.

Your lips nearly bush his ear, "You smell nice."

Slowly, he bends to kiss your neck, and he takes your scent in, "Mmm, so do you." Then he gives you another squeeze, "She's waiting for us back home." He opens the door for you, then walks back around, gets in and starts the car again. He turns and looks into your eyes significantly as you buckle up, "Ready for some delicious playtime?" 

You draw a deep breath and smile, "Very..." 

Pulling into traffic, and stopping at a light, he turns to you again, "Good, we are too – we've been thinking how nice this'll be – sharing ourselves with you." He notices your eyes widen as you straighten up and shift a little in your seat, "Everything ok?"

"Butterflies", a shy and mischievous smile curls your lips.

He takes one hand from the wheel and runs his fingers across your cheek, over your ear and down your neck, and the butterflies do acrobatics in your belly as the anticipation builds. "Don't be nervous," he says with a grin as his eyes return to the road and his hand to the wheel, "we won't be doing anything that you're not totally comfortable with ...and we'll do lots of things together that I'm sure you'll be very comfortable with." 

"Mmmm, I can't wait," you admit adventurously as the light changes and he accelerates, "the thought of messing around with the two of you has been rolling around in my mind ever since I got your email – and your picture together seemed so nice and relaxed and warm."

"That's sweet," his hand moves again from wheel, and he grazes his fingertips across your thigh over your skirt. "We really liked yours, too, and you're even sexier in person." 

"You're both cute, too ...and that feels nice." Deciding to be a little naughty and daring, you slowly draw your skirt up to reveal the smooth skin of your thighs as he drives, "but it feels better with nothing in between."

"Ohhh yes, it does," he says eagerly as he takes his hand away to negotiate a turn up into the canyon, and then moves his teasing fingers back to stray over the length of both your thighs, with each pass going further and further down the insides, and closer and closer to your secretly naked cleft.

You turn a little toward him beneath the seatbelt, and you pull your skirt up even further to expose your pantyless blossom to him under the last few passing streetlights, and then you reach across to run your fingernails over his inner thigh and then upward to fondle the swelling beneath the cloth. 

He glances down at your lap and his mouth drops open slightly, "Aww, such a pretty little pussy... I can't wait to taste it... run my tongue very lightly over your sweet folds." He moves to graze his fingertips ever so softly over your tenderness in very slow delicate strokes from bottom to top, "I wanna lick it just like that... slow and soft... would you like that?" You nod a quick and breathless consent and rub his stiff shaft as it strains against its woven confines.

"What a lusciously naughty girl you are, going out to meet us with no panties on."

"And what about you?" a little taunt in your voice as your breathing deepens, "should you be doing what you're doing."

His smile broadens, "Oh, I think I'm permitted to engage in preliminaries - a little light teasing before we begin the main course."

His fingers have inspired the flow of your nectar and he draws his fingertip into the wetness and then up over your little pink button, and then back down to play lightly just underneath it. 

Desire floods through you and you work his flesh gently and firmly in your fingers, trying to make out the contours of the purplish head through his pants, "wanna take that hard cock out and let me suck it while you drive?"

"Whew – oh my... that is one hell of a tempting idea," then he pauses, "but once it gets out, I really don't think it'll want to go back in again for a while... and I think doing that without her here would cross a line that I'd like to respect... Besides," he glances burningly into your eyes, "you've already got my full attention, if you haven't noticed." 

"Oh, I've noticed – I like you at full attention... and drive carefully, I'm slippery when wet," you both giggle, and then gently gasp a little as you work each other ever deeper into a lustful hunger – and a hunger to go ever so much further than you can at the present moment. 

The canyon passes by, far too slowly in spite of your shared eagerness, and then you pass down a length of the 101, while the darkness conceals your growing fervor from other people in other cars. Then an exit and turn, and another turn, and another... finally an opening garage, and solitude as it closes behind you and the seatbelts fall away. 

He draws you in for a deep, slow kiss – his lips pressing gently against your as the tip of his tongue laps and circles yours, wet and soft, and tasting faintly of mint. Then he raises his musk-scented fingers and tastes and smells them and tastes them appreciatively, "Mmmmmhmmm – this is such a delicious appetizer." His other hand slips between your now wide-spreading thighs and his middle finger slides smoothly and deeply into you, and he curls his fingertip upward into that sweetspot, bringing you closer to ravenous abandon, and with his scented and licked fingers, he draws your halter-top up over your puffy nipples and gently takes each one in his mouth before allowing the cloth to fall over them again. Then he whispers in your ear, "Are you ready to eat and be eaten – at the same time?"

"Oh, fuck yes, my pussy is hungry for your mouth and your cock, and my mouth is hungry to taste her pussy."

"Wanna see my cock enter her all wet from your mouth as she licks you and fingers you?"

"Mmmm, yes!"

"Lets go play," he opens the door and leads you through a little yard into the darkened house, then through a short hall and into the bedroom, which is all lit with scented candles. 

She's standing there barefoot by the bed in a loose robe, with her thick, dark hair streaming free down over her shoulder and far past her waist, and a look of quiet anticipation behind her tender smile. "Hi there," she says warmly as she moves to embrace you, "you look nice – even nicer than your picture."

"Thanks, you look good too – good enough to eat."

She bursts suddenly into a giggle and shyly covers her face with her hands for a brief moment, then looks you square in the eyes, "You're fun, I'm going to like you." Then she notices the glow in your cheeks, "Did you two play a little bit before you got here?" 

"A little bit," he answers stepping in to kiss her neck, "just enough to make us hungry for more... you too?"

"Just a little," she smiles cheekily, snaking her arm around your waist and drawing you closer, "I didn't want to have to catch up."

He moves behind you as she allows her robe to fall open and pulls you in tight for a passionate kiss, her tongue playing softly against yours, as her fingers move between your belly and your waistband to discover your primed and puffy nakedness. His warm breath brushes your ear, and he licks the edge lightly and then kisses and nibbles across the back of your neck, as her fingers enter you deeper and your hand wanders downward through her dark, trimmed triangle while your other hand strays behind you to find his now naked cock.

"You're so wet," she says hotly, breaking from your kiss for a moment.

You breathlessly confess in her ear, "I've so been wanting this – wanting to experience both of you." 

"Us, too," he whispers, "it's been some time since we had someone in our bed to share our pleasures." 

Your fingers find her furred cleft hot and slick with yearning, and you work it gently at first, and then more and more deeply as he runs his fingers over your back and then your breasts, and covers your shoulders with soft kisses, while her mouth opens wider for your probing tongue. Then you take a breath to voice your hunger for her, "I want to taste you... Can I taste you?"

"Mmmm, that would be nice," and she moves back on the bed, as he lifts your top over your head, and you follow her and spread her thighs and caress them and kiss them slowly from the insides of her knees to her waiting patch.

Her musk is at once sweetly spicy, like a faint mix of cinnamon and vanilla, and her skin is soft and creamy and smooth over her generous curves. Here pale pink nipples stand out slightly from her ample breasts, and she stretches back and toys with one between the fingers and thumb of one hand. He hikes your skirt up over the curves of your ass and begins stroking your ass cheeks with his fingers, and then he momentarily distracts you a little as he draws that cloth down over your legs and off, leaving you entirely naked between her legs. 

As you slowly begin to devour her, and her breathing quickens and deepens, you notice that there is a rubber sheet beneath the cotton on the bed. His words satisfy your sidetracked curiosity as you hear him open a jar, "I'm going to cover you both in coconut oil." 

He's naked too, now, as he allows a generous portion of the light white oil to melt clear in his hand and drip warmly through his fingers and over your back and your ass. Then he slathers it copiously over your shoulders and over your thighs, his smooth hands spreading the oil and deliciously kneading your soft flesh in the same motion. Sensing her hunger for penetration, you gingerly slip first one and then two fingers up into her slippery tightness and lick her button with short, quick flicks. 

Her body tenses excitedly in response to your new presence within her, and she tosses her head back and to one side and lets out a heavy breath as she begins teasing both her nipples, and he begins to trail warm drops of oil over her. Her hips undulate slightly with your strokes and her cheeks and ears grow pink with her deepening intensity, as he thoroughly slicks her curves down with the sweet, fragrant lubricant. 

"Want something else to suck on?" he beckons teasingly as he kneels on the mattress near you, his prick full and rigid. 

"Mmm, yes," and you slide up over her hot slippery flesh, pressing your breasts and your belly against hers, and she opens her mouth eagerly to accept your musky lips and tongue, "Want to taste my pussy, Hon?"

"Yes," she declares, her cherubic face aglow in the candlelight. He guides you to lay on your back with your head at the edge of the bed, as you open your thighs for her. As you take his stiffness in your hand, and then into your mouth, you feel her long hair trailing against your thighs – she's sensually dangling it over you to heighten your senses down there before bending to dine on your sweet loins. 

Her hands gently part your folds and her warm wet tongue laps your inner heat for the first time as your tongue runs circles around his glossy head, and you start to lick and suck it like a popsicle. She teases your opening with the tip of her tongue and then licks and suckles on your aching nub, before plunging deep and drawing the flat of her tongue out slowly and heavily over your clit. The scent of amber is stronger now off his impassioned body, and it blends with her musk on your lips as he slides deeper into your mouth. 

He twines his fingers into your hair, and then firmly seizes your head and fucks your mouth rhythmically. Gradually her licking grows more and more feverish, as she begins to utterly devour your succulent blossom. Eagerly accepting his thrusts to the back of your throat, you arch your pussy into her delving mouth as the sexual tension swells within you. Part of you wants so badly to cum right now, but the sensation of that hunger is so delicious, that you work to hold off just a little. He draws out of you, seemingly with the same sentiment for his own part, and he holds his cock just within reach of your tongue as you flick it against the underside of his length right behind the head. 

"Fuck yeah," he utters almost involuntarily, dreamily gazing down on his lady's ample form prostrate between your raised thighs, and admiring your ardent gulping of his veined flesh. "You've got my cock so nice and wet, wanna watch me slip inside her?"

"Yeah, mmm, yeah," you urge him on, "Slide that hard cock up in her. Then can I cum in your mouth while he fucks you, honey – you're licking me so nice I wanna cum soon. Wanna lick me till I cum while he fucks you? I wanna cum over and over tonight, but I wanna cum on your tongue first."

"Yes – I want some cock in my pussy while I'm licking you," and she moves to the edge of the bed and arches her back, presenting her puffed little slit to his swollen prickshaft, and you move to watch awhile as he teases her folds and her button with the head still glistening from your hot mouth. Then, very slowly, he enters her, and she lets out a breath of sweet pleasure as his length finally buries itself hilt-deep in her belly. You drink in the sight of her heated pussy wantonly accepting his firmly thrusting cock, and you lean forward to run your tongue across her ass cheeks as you reach around to tease her clit for a moment before she guides you to lay back beneath her lustful mouth.

"Mmmm, yeah, spread for me, hot girl," she looks naughtily into your eyes before they close with his deepening thrusts, and her mouth presses against your mons as she tongues your fiery folds. Her appreciative moans vibrate against your cleft as she deftly slips her finger inside your depths and works gently on your sweetspot as she suckles your little pink nub. 

You pull a pillow beneath your head to watch him grip her slick waist as the fierceness of his plunging increases, "Yeah, fuck that pussy, baby – she's licking me so good – you know what your doing, girl? Your gonna make me cum if you keep that up." She's fully working your body now, and you feel your tits up shamelessly in front of him as he slamfucks her, and she slips a second finger inside your fervent tunnel. Now you're at the edge, that scrumptious electric wave building in your belly and flowing up your spine and through your chest. You feel your body seizing up into a rigid mindlessness, and you voice your lust in a frenzied panting cry as the wave breaks over you and you buck wildly against her mouth and her fingers. Her moans swell into a deep womanly groan as the muscles deep in her belly convulse and her pussy clenches against his flexing cock as he growls fiercely like a rabid beast and spills his hot seed deep within her. You shake and shiver in ecstasy as her hot breath flows over your cleft as she fingers and tongues you into another wave as he slips out of her and slides in his thumb to work her tender flesh as he rubs her clit with his fingers and drives her over the edge again. 

Then the waves pass leaving the all three in the sated oblivion of afterglow as they both collapse around you, their arms over you and over each other as breath and mind slowly return.

"Mmmmmmmmm..." she wordlessly expresses her contentment.

You smile, eyes closed in dreaminess, "Couldn't have said it better myself..."

He chuckles a bit, picking up on an earlier theme, "And that was just the first course."