 Sacramento, 1983

It began innocent enough. I met my long-time friend Greg, who lived in my townhouse complex, at the clubhouse Jacuzzi. He had with him a woman about my age. She was not gorgeous in the face but had a killer body restrained by a tiny bikini under a tight t-shirt. We sat in the bubbling water, socializing for 20 minutes or so, sipping on Greg's wine when he announced that they were going to a country bar in Roseville and asked if I wanted to come along. I had nothing going, so I said yes.

Greg and I had never had sex before. He was a friend in a committed relationship. This day though, she was on travel. My boyfriend had decided that night to go out with the boys. 

Greg is Caucasian, dark hair graying a bit but a good body. His face had seen rough times in adolescence. He kind of reminded me of Sam Shepard, the movie star. His friend was Bonnie. She is also white and petit (except her boobs). For our trip to the bar she put on a long sleeve, white blouse with thin vertical lines of a floral pattern running the length. The tails of the shirt were left out and the pearl buttons were unbuttoned down past her breasts and she had no bra. I suspect she is flying commando under the tight Jordache which flared over cowboy boots. 

Bonnie and I are about equal in height. I'm Eurasian. I have big curly black hair and an island-girl complexion. I put on a turquoise tank top but equally tight jeans and 4-inch pumps. I also had no bra. I jiggled just like a Charlie's Angel. This was a fading nightclub fashion at the time. 

We met up at Greg's townhouse and had a few tokes from Greg's stash, then jumped into his mini-truck and headed out to the bar about 20 miles away. We were tame on the way out, just continuing our Jacuzzi chit chat. Once at the bar though, things changed.

Every chance Bonnie got she hit the dance floor. She danced with Greg. She danced with me. She danced every line dance and with a few other fellas while she was at it. 

Her blouse was open enough, shear enough and her nipples dark enough to draw the attention of all the urban cowboys and the ire of all the cowgirls in the place.

When she danced with Greg she was stunning well past her initial lack of beauty. On the dance floor she had an eroticism that was intriguing and terrifying. She ran her hands up inside his thighs, then down his butt and she pressed herself hard against his body. Her butt passed slow and prurient from side to side like a pendulum, up on both sides and low as she passed the middle. My turn with her on the dance floor was little different than with Greg. She pressed her breasts against mine and then alternately grabbed my butt and let it go as if she had a penis and we were screwing. Again this quasi-lesbian dance did not escape the notice of the others dancing nearby. At the end of our little twosome, as we walked off the floor, she gave me a spank! Hard! After that moment my panties wouldn't be dry the rest of the night.

When we three danced, we sort of huddled together in a circle shoulder-to-shoulder in a darker corner of the dance floor. The other dancers didn't appear to be watching our little klatch this time. Bonnie rubbed on Greg's crotch with a back hand through his pants, all the while grinning at me. Greg was not looking at all comfortable with this but didn't object. Bonnie moved to Greg's front and danced close. I moved to his back and held on to his waist. This was not really country dancing as I knew it. Bonnie pulled my hand down on Greg where her's had been. What I held could not be seen by the other dancers. At least I didn't think so. I could feel Greg had a raging downward facing hard-on. It was an exhilarating feeling for me. It is probably like the feeling men get when feeling boobs. I pleasured in the few strokes I gave it and moved my hand back to his waist. He probably wasn't any more comfortable with me than with Bonnie.

I don't know if other women enjoy the feel of a cock in their hand as much as I do. I especially love the sensation of a developing erection and the tender hardness. As much as is practical I take advantage of my mate's member. I'm not always trying to seduce him, but just to tease his penis and cause an erection. It delights me, and I think...him.

Not much later we three were sitting at our table sipping Long Islands. Bonnie's blouse was all but completely open. She ruffled Greg a bit when she said aloud that she wanted to grab a stranger, go to the men's room and give him a blowjob. Greg worried things just might get out of hand with that attitude and thought it prudent to leave. So we hopped back into Greg's truck, three across, on his bench seat. Greg drove, Bonnie in the middle.

Bonnie was by no means finished. As we drove back to Sacramento, she again stroked his cock through his pants with total disregard for our safety and my presence. She looked at me and smiled as she rubbed. She made it look like a real work out. Her blouse now open, I, quite unconstrained, reach over under her shirt and fondled her far breast. I was astonished at my own actions. This was the first time I'd felt up a girl. It was exquisite. I had a fantasy of this since my middle school days when I saw my brother's Penthouse of two women playing in a hot tub. I just squeezed and lifted the breast then lightly pinched the nipple. I did this a number of times just trying to absorb the touch and commit it to my memory.

Bonnie threw her head back and stroked Greg harder and slower. I was staring at my hand on her boob as passing street lights illuminated the truck cab. I wanted to hold on to this moment...and to her tits for long while. But my focus was broken as she let go of Greg and reached across me to my neck and pulled me in for a kiss, a long kiss, with tongues deep and playful. Her hand dropped to my breast and squeezed. Then she lifted my tank top over my boobs. She ran her hand lightly over my nipple and then cupped the breast and went in to suckle. All the firsts were falling quickly, too quickly for me to take stock and record the details for replay. How it was that Greg kept that car straight on the road I don't know, because he was watching us. She stayed for now on my breasts. I put my hand on the back of her head, pulled her into me and watched. That is I watched and felt. The sensation of her lips on my nipples seemed to have a direct line to my genitals. If I squeezed my thighs together I could have come. 

She disengaged and now turned back to Greg. I felt ravished and loved it. I was now all in and way over the line. 

She got on her knees in the middle of the seat and unstrapped his pants belt, unbuttoned, then unzipped them. She wrenched out his stiff cock and mounted on it aggressively with her mouth. Her head bobbed and her hand twisted. All the while Greg piloted the little truck true and sure down the freeway. 

I lowered my top back into more modest position. Bonnie's behind was bumping my shoulder as she worked Greg's cock so I swiveled my back to the door giving myself room to move. 

Her knees had not much room to spread but it was enough for me to run my fingers along her hidden cleft and pressed as hard as I could where I thought her clitoris would be. I apparently hit the mark because she gasped with Greg's penis still in her mouth. I kneeled down on the truck floor and ran my hand on to her dangling breasts. I kept my other hand on her clit all the while. I aligned my hand and forearm just below either nipple. As the truck shimmied, the points jiggled across and back getting tickled by my skin barely touching hers. I tilted my head under her and sucked on her like drinking from an outdoor faucet.

At that moment we exited the freeway where we had only a block to go to home. Everyone righted themselves, we secured our clothing, and giggled as we approached the garage. Greg's clothing would have to wait until we parked. 

Bonnie and I left the parking garage holding hands. As we walked we made fun of Greg's predicament (managing us two and all). At his townhouse we sat on the living room floor and passed around a joint. At about the 3rd round Greg maneuvered behind Bonnie and started playing with her breasts. He had one hand on the outside one hand on the inside across her chest. Surprisingly, she closed her eyes, tilted her head back on his shoulder and started moaning. I wasn't quite sure it was real. 

I stood up and remove my tank top. I was completely uninhibited, maybe for the first time in my life. I started to undo my pants when Greg stood up and marched over to me and started to feel me up. Greg and I were now more than just friends I guess. He smelled great and handled me with very masculine hands. One hand went to my bottom one squeezed my boob. My hands went on his rock hard butt. I don't know if he was just flexing or just in great shape but it was grade-A rump. 

He looked down to me and was about to kiss me when Bonnie stood up, shoved him away and she completed undoing my pants. Though they were tight, she managed to pry the pants over my hips and leaving my panties on. My jeans now were at my ankles. I bent to remove my pumps and then my pants. As I put my heels back on, Bonnie pulled the pearl buttons apart on her blouse and let it fall to the floor. I undid her pants and pushed them down. I was right: commando. Her boots and socks, long ago jettisoned, allowed her to step out of the pants and stand there brash and naked. Greg moved to the couch so as not to break the spell. He just watched for now.

My nipples are dark brown and oval, maybe 3cm along the major axis. My breasts are very spherical in appearance. Bonnie first just stared at them, then approached me, seized one breast, put her lips on mine and slid her hand under my wet panties and cupped my vulva. I lifted one of her breasts. It spread over my palm and beyond. Her areola was bigger and perfectly round, maybe 5 centimeters in diameter but the nipple was a tiny fraction of the whole ensemble, whereas my nipple takes up a 1/3 of the area. Odd how random and how beautiful is nature. 

There was a chair behind me with an ottoman. Bonnie kicked the ottoman out of the way and pushed me into the chair. She followed and landed on me. She first worked my tits, and then moved her hand, led by her fingers to my pussy. In those days I kept my hair trim but did not shave it bare. It was the same for Bonnie. Mine was in the shape of a simple upside down triangle. Bonnie's looked like a goatee. She shook her fingers vigorously on my clitoris while still sucking my breast. I stopped thinking a moment to just feel what was happening. A woman was on me. It was luxurious. It was plush and smooth and spontaneous and sybaritic. I reached to her pussy and started circling her clit. She started moaning almost immediately. I myself was quickly heading to a climax with her stimulation when she said to me, "Don't come yet, baby." What? Why not?! As if I could stop it! Then Bonnie burst and within about two minutes of her laying on me we came. My orgasm crossed my hips and drove deep into my genitals below my clit. The remnants I could feel in my nipples as Bonnie rubbed one with the lower lip of her opened mouth. The neighbors were awoken, I have no doubt. 

Bonnie stopped her manipulation before our orgasms had subsided. She climbed up on the chair, her knees and toes on the armrests and presented her pussy to my face. As my orgasm faded, I lifted my hands around her thighs, grabbed her ass and pressed her punani to my mouth. I stuck out my tongue and reach for her clitoris, and then pressed on it, sliding side-to-side, up & down. I alternately pushed and let go of her buns. She started to sway in and out on her own as she held my ears for balance. Then there was a new presence I couldn't see. My panties became removed. Another vigorous hand massaged my clit and fingered my vagina. Greg was no longer just watching. He took out his fingers and bent down to eat me. His tongue was skilled & delightful. He sloshed around the vicinity pushing me back up the mountain.

I would have easily come again but Bonnie broke the reverie by doing so first. Another milestone had passed. I had made a woman come! Twice! And she did so loud and violent. She sat back, bumping Greg off me and she onto her heels twitching as her ecstasy continued without anyone touching her. 

In a moment she was calm, eyes closed but breathing heavily. She crawled off the chair, stood, turned and faced a still-dressed Greg.

I, now naked and spent was to watch. She undid his belt, unbuttoned and unzipped him for a second time that evening. His pants fell to the floor around his socks. Greg took off his shirt. As Bonnie pulled his briefs over his cock, average in size and circumcised, it snapped to the 10 o'clock position. Bonnie dropped to her knees again and folded her hand around his cylinder. She licked his cock like a penis shaped Popsicle. She pushed her mouth over Greg's little head and down the stem almost contacting his body. She pulled out and pushed back rhythmically, sliding from bow to stern. I watched and played with myself. 

After several minutes she stopped the fellatio but held on to Greg while she tapped my knee and pulled on it in a "come hither" fashion. I skidded off the chair and down on my knees next to Bonnie. She pointed Greg's member pretty much between my eyes. I had to rise up a bit, but as she held his shaft I stuck out my tongue and ran the tip along his frenulum. I touched my upper lip to the top of his little head. I did not close my mouth yet. I replaced Bonnie's hand with mine around his penis and glided it from side-to-side across my tongue and lip. 

Her hands now free, she put a finger on my clitoris and curled down and up into my vagina. A second finger joined in. That caused me to close my mouth around Greg. Back and forth like a slow woodpecker my head moved, my lips gliding along his pole.

What a sight as I remember now. We two women on our knees, she fondling my pussy, and I, giving head to this friend who now had benefits. Once again I stopped thinking to make way for the feelings. I thought not of my motions, not my objective but of the context and sensations. I wanted it to last. I wanted to contemplate it.

Bonnie took the penis back from me. I sat back on my pumps and ran my hand up Greg's thigh around to his bottom. My other hand went up to his belly which was flat but not quite a six-pack. I raised my body and boobs against his leg while Bonnie's head was frantic with movement. Greg started to shiver and twitch. I gauged my attack. Just as Greg reached the cliff, I pressed my finger on his anus. Greg issued forth into Bonnie, too much for her to swallow all at once. Some of the pudding escaped her mouth and down her chin then onto the carpet. Greg let out a grunt louder than any I've heard. He swayed, buckled, sat and fell back. Bonnie never detached and kept tugging out the last of it. Her head down and her butt up, I reached over and sank two digits into her sodden burrow. She pulled up from Greg's cock to gulp a big breath. She held motionless a moment to enjoy my fingers. I obliged and wiggled my fingers inside her, looking for the mythical g-spot. She then collapsed to one side of Greg. I snuggled in on the other. All of us with labored breath relaxed and let the passion abate.

We lay there, Bonnie on the right, me left. My head was tucked into Greg's shoulder, my thigh over his. Bonnie looked asleep while I caressed Greg's tummy. His cock was still hard and aimed at 12 o'clock. I dragged my fingernails lightly from scrotum to head. That startled his penis and it jumped ceiling-ward. So I kept tickling just below the head until Greg grabbed my hand and his cock together and begged me to stop. I giggled fiendishly. Greg and I kissed a quick sequence of five or six kisses. No tongues. Oddly enough it was this that made me feel a bit guilty about our party away from our significant others. But it was just sex, for pleasure only. It would not pull me away from my love. The kiss though, was almost too intimate. Bonnie's kisses didn't cause the same worry. Anyway, I think at this point I had had enough fingers in my pussy this night. I was now ready for a cock. 

Bonnie awoke, lifted herself up and headed to the bathroom. She had an exquisite body. Her breasts were medium to large but sturdy with youth but still they bounced. From the side they looked almost triangular though underneath had a curve that formed a crease a couple of centimeters along the chest. The hypotenuse of her décolletage curved slightly concave just before the nipple, pointing them up when she sat with her back straight. When her boobs faced you they looked U-shaped with no real curve beyond her rib cage. She wore a very tiny bikini judging from the tan lines (which surprised me that she had any) and different from the one I saw in the Jacuzzi. The tan cut across her somewhat raised perfectly round areola in a line northeast and northwest respectively. Basically, part of her nipples showed when at the beach. She was daring and a tease. She was pretty much my opposite, when in public. As she walked away from us I stared at her bottom. It was curved round from the side, but flat on the sides until past her pelvis when the course sharply angled in to her narrow waist.

"What do you think of her?" I asked. 

"Well, wow. She's a wild child." Greg answered. "But then again what got into you?" 

"Me?! Look who's talking. Do you feel guilty?" I asked.

"With you? No. With her? Probably."

"You gonna tell Virginia?"

"Hell no! You won't tell her, will you?"

I gave him a look that said, "dumb question."

"You gonna tell Tom?" Greg came back.

"Yeah...the parts with Bonnie, anyway. He'll love it. I'll skip the parts with you for a while. By the way, I'm not done."

I straddled over Greg's pelvis. I planted my pussy right on his continuous hard-on. His shaft split my slick labia like hotdog on a bun but wrong side up. Though I was already wet enough, a fresh slippery essence flowed from me as I dragged my clitoris along his cock from bottom to top and back. 

My hands were planted squarely on his pecs. My arms, as such, pressed my boobs together like small balloons in a vice. This made my breasts stick out beyond my arms. They were capped horizontally by the elliptical pyramids that were my nipples.

I cranked my pelvis forward and back keeping my torso still. Greg just stared at my boobs. I closed my eyes, bit my lip, and turned my head focusing on the sensation. Greg tensed his body and pushed up his pelvis to put max pressure on my erogenous zone.

I knew I should wait for him to put on a condom but it was becoming irresistible. I could easily slide forward along his penis to the end and just suck that hard-on in me. Luckily Bonnie reemerged.

In a snarky tone she said, "Sorry to interrupt!" 

Greg suggested we go to the bedroom. I look at Bonnie and she gazed back with a devious smile. I finally took off my pumps, reunited with Bonnie's hand in mine and strode naked and imperious to the bedroom. We exaggerated our hips as we walked. We turned to see Greg watch us go. He stepped out of his trousers and socks and headed for the kitchen to bring provisions. 

We females threw off the covers and top sheet of the California King. I faced Bonnie standing at the end of the bed. We embraced tightly and kissed hard. I grabbed her cheeks (butt) and pressed her into me. She tiptoed and we fell onto the bed without stopping the kiss. She, on top of me. I parted my legs. Bonnie's dropped between. We shimmied up the bed until we were all on. I raised my knees as she started to grind me with her pussy. She slithered down to my pussy and again I was somebody's meal. This woman was licking, twirling around the whole of my vulva with an occasional penetration with her tongue. I lifted my feet off the bed and crossed her back with my legs and squeezed her. It had to be the last of the firsts that night: a woman was going down on me.
