 I parked about a half block down the street from there house. It was 8:00 on a Saturday evening in early August so it was still light out and a very nice temperature. I pulled in the drive way and walked to the porch and knocked on the door. I realized how nervous I was and had second thoughts about being here tonight but figured it was to late to back out now. My heart was beating fast as I heard the door being unlocked and then opened and Kate appeared in the doorway to greet me. 

She was dressed in a snug fitting denim skirt that came down mid thigh and a loose fitting white top that had the top few buttons undone revealing a tantalizing amount of cleave. She led me inside locking the door behind us and gave me a big hug and said she was glad that I had decided to come. 

The house belonged to Kate and her husband Don who I had know for several months and had done some consulting work for them as an architect. As I spent time with them and got to know them better I found out that they were swingers, and although I had heard about that lifestyle I had never really known anyone involved in it. You would never know it from their demeanor, they were both professional people and obviously very discreet. They never pushed any of their views on me but I know I found myself starting to fantasize about them and what it could be like to have a wilder sex life. 

It wasn't unusual for us to enjoy a few drinks together in the evening usually sitting on the back porch that overlooked a nicely landscaped yard that included a screened in gazebo that housed a hot tub. This one night in particular I could see steam rising out of the gazebo and they said they were planning on having a good soak and how it relieved all their tension. 

Kate gave me a sly smile and suggested I could join them. I made the standard comment about how I didn't bring a swim suit to which she gave the standard reply that suits weren't worn in the tub. It was a very intriguing offer, I would love to see Kate naked. They are both in their mid thirties, Kate is maybe 5'3" with dark curly hair, she is of medium build with fairly large breasts and a nice full ass that I can't help admire. Like her husband she is very active physically and very sexy. 

Her husband is just over 6' with thinning hair and a well trimmed beard, he is lean and in good shape. They are both very likable people and as I have got to know them I have become very fond of them. Don mixed up a fresh round of drinks and as we all toasted a glorious evening when Kate looked at me and said, "Well Tim, to get the evening started what about the hot tub?" I glanced over at Don and he just gave me a half smile as if to say if she wants me to join them in the tub it's okay with him. 

"I guess it would be impolite to refuse an offer like that," I said trying to sound casual but my heart was racing and I felt a little short of breath.

"Great, we can change into robes here and head down," she responded. 

She said I could find a robe in the spare bed room closest and we would meet back on the porch in a couple minutes. I went to the bed room and stripped off my clothes not sure exactly where the evening was headed but they had invited me after I told them how intriguing I was with the idea of swinging. The fact that I was single made the situation a little more unusual. I tied the robe around my waist and realized I was just a bit disappointed because I had visualized us undressing at the tub and I would love to watch Kate as she undressed. 

We congregated on the porch, Don and I in white robes and Kate in her pale blue robe . Don had a small cooler he designated the portable bar and we headed to the gazebo. The only lighting in the gazebo was from a couple of low voltage lights that matched the ones along the pathway. I guess I was relieved and once again a bit disappointed that the dimness would offer a modicum of privacy. However, our eyes quickly adjusted to the light and after we arranged our drinks around the tub we all just paused looking at each other for a moment and then Don took the initiative and untied his robe letting it fall open in the front. 

I never considered myself gay but I was here to try something new and some how I had to check him out, his cock seemed in tune with the rest of his body, sort of lean and long. He draped his robe over the back of one of the chairs and stepped over to the tub and lowered himself in. Kate undid her robe and the first glimpse was of her pussy also covered in dark curly hair neatly trimmed, her breasts were large enough that the robe still clung to them. I untied my robe and realized I was starting to get hard, hopefully I thought just enough to make it look large with out looking like I had a boner already. 

Kate slipped off her robe and her breasts were really magnificent, very full with large nipples that were also stiffening. She kept her eyes on me as she placed her robe on the chair and I took off mine hoping they would approve of me naked. I am also right at 6' in decent shape and have a 7" cock that is fairly thick and uncut. I guess it was putting it's best foot forward tonight being partially erect. I gave Kate a hand as she stepped into the tub and of course checked out her full fanny that was marvelous. I joined them and we settled back and she raised a toast to the first time in the tub together. 

Somehow after a just a couple of minutes it felt very natural being nude with the two of them. I loved the way her big breasts were barely covered by the water and her nipples would make an appearance and then disappear again below the surface. I was just beginning to think that nothing else was going to happen, we would just soak and then get out and put our robes back on, at least I had gotten to see her naked I thought. 

Kate interrupted my thoughts, "You know we are both swingers and from the number of times you have found the opportunity to bring it up you must have some interest in it yourself." Of course she was right, I did steer the conversation towards sex or swinging on several occasions. "You are right" I started "it does intrigue me, but I am not sure how I would act in an actual situation or how far I would want it to go. I guess it amazes me that you two or so 'normal' but you are also swingers. I always thought of swingers as some weirdos out of a 70's porno flick or something." I didn't know if I was making sense but felt compelled to say something.

"Well, here is an opportunity for you to try something" she started, "we can go slow and see how you like it. For instance, you and I can get to know each other a little more intimately while Don watches, he enjoys that, at least for starters." 

I gave Don a look and he nodded his approval and I thought, "no way am I passing this up tonight." 

"I would love that if it is OK with your husband. I am not sure what he would get out of this," I offered. 

She looked at Don, "He is right darling, what would you like to get out of tonight? What would make you happy?" 

Don thought about it for a minute and then smiled and said, "How about when you two are done, the two of you give me a massage? And a happy ending would be nice." 

I guess that answered my question and I wasn't going to miss the opportunity to fondle his wife and who knew how far she would go with me. I quickly agreed and Kate moved around the tub until she was right next to me. I put my arm around her and felt her big breasts press up against me as she turned and put her arm around me and gave me a big hug. Don was relaxing on the other side of the tub sipping his drink and taking everything in. 

My hand caressed one of her breasts and although I had seem them I was amazed at the fullness and weight of them. I have always loved large breasted women and she was about as perfect a woman as I could imagine. I squeezed her gently and then my fingers found her nipple and I rolled it between them and felt it stiffen even more than it was already. Next I felt her hand on my thigh, her fingers playing with my sensitive inner thigh and then she started moving her hand towards my crotch. It was then that I realized I was already hard and couldn't wait for the touch of her fingers. 

First her fingers found my balls and she encouraged me to spread my legs a little farther apart and then she cupped my balls in her hand. It felt different, wonderfully different, to be fondled while surrounded by the warm swirling water of the hot tub. I was now taking turns turns fondling both of her breast and she seemed to like it a little rough and responded with a low moan when I gave her nipple a solid pinch. I felt her hand wrap around my hard cock and the initial touch was extremely arousing. There was the feeling of the first time a woman touches you combined with the fact her husband was watching and enjoying it that made it an extremely unique and erotic experience. She started to slowly jack me off under the water and I had never felt anything quite like it. I was relaxing and lost some focus on fondling her as she continued to work her magic on my stiff shaft.

I watched as Don got out of the hot tub and put his robe back on. His cock was nearly fully erect and it was much longer and thicker than I had first seen. He was at least as thick around as I was but had to be close to 8 inches long. He settled back in one of the chairs and I thought for a moment he might jerk off while watching us but he seemed content to just watch. Kate meanwhile moved around in front of me and straddled my lap trapping my cock between her body and mine. This raised her up a bit and for the first time her fantastic tits were completely out of the water and right in front of my face. 

That first view of her luscious breasts with their hard nipples inches from my face is something I will never forget. She leaned forward and I wasted no time sucking one of her big nipples into my mouth. I took turns sucking and kissing both of her nipples trying to give equal time to each. Meanwhile my hands held her substantial ass and pressed her even closer to me. She was using her body to rub against my cock and the friction was getting to me, she obviously knew exactly what she was doing. She had me so turned on that I was afraid of losing control and cumming before either of us wanted me to. 

She whispered in my ear that she wanted to suck my cock and that I should sit up on the side of the hot tub. She backed off me and I sat up on the edge as requested, my cock as hard as a fucking rock. She smiled approvingly at my stiff cock, I have a fairly thick cock and if not quite as long as her husband she had me at my full length. She came back over and pushed my legs apart as I leaned back on my elbows and let her between my legs her big tits pressed against my thighs. She started by licking my balls while she held my shaft in her hand. She shortly made her way to the head of my cock and looked me right in the eye as she took my cock in her mouth. 

I couldn't believe she was doing me while her husband watched and when I looked over his hand was on his cock and he was lightly rubbing it. She proceeded to suck my cock like the expert she was and was in complete control, more than I could say for myself. I was starting to wonder if she would suck me off and keep in her mouth when I came. She would take me right to the edge and then back off giving my cock a squeeze to prevent me from shooting my load.

Don got up and said that he would meet us inside, I had nearly forgotten that we had agreed to give him a full body massage. She took me back in her mouth for a couple of more minutes and then said we should head inside. I was momentarily disappointed but realized this was just the beginning of what we might do. I watched as she exited the hot tub before me marveling at her full ass and curvy body that I wanted to explore in much more detail. As she dried off I got only my second glimpse of her neatly trimmed pussy and wondered what it would be like to bury my tongue in her before fucking her. 

She put on her robe and I thought we were on our way out when she sat down and motioned me over with her finger. She sat back in the large cushioned wicker chair and dropped a cushion on the ground in front of it, there was little doubt what she had in mind. She leaned back and spread her legs putting her pussy on full display for me and I knelt between her legs and enjoyed the view before wrapping my hands behind her hips pulling her to the edge of the chair and pressed my mouth against her wet snatch. I ran my tongue up and down the outer lips of her cunt before flicking it across her clit. Using one finger on either side of her pussy near her clitoral hood I pressed them outward and then upward causing her clit to protrude. I loved the way her little love bud stood out like that and I gave it a kiss and a little suck not wanting to be too direct and cause her to become overly sensitive. My tongue found it's way between her folds and pressed between them. Using my other hand I worked a finger into her squeaky clean vagina and as good as she tasted I wondered how she would taste when aroused and not rinsed clean by the hot tub. I found a rhythm and technique that was getting her excited and was shortly rewarded by her having an explosive orgasm with my face still firmly pressed against her pussy. I thought she was going to give my cock some more attention but she gave me a kiss as she stood up and I followed her into the house.

"Did you enjoy my wife," Don asked. He was sitting on a leather couch and his wife joined him sitting beside him. I was sitting in a big matching leather chair facing them.

"Of course," I stumbled looking for the right words, "she is a very sexy woman. This evening is kind of surreal, I have thought about something like this but didn't know if it would ever actually happen."

"It is a very unusual circumstance," he replied, "I would normally never let Kate be with another man unless I was with his woman. Or if I had taken charge and was sure he wasn't going to enjoy my wife and then leave. I didn't feel like I had to worry about that with you. Hopefully I am correct."

"I wouldn't do that. I, uh, will do what you think is fair. I am very honored you let me be part of this." It was hard to know what to say never having been in a situation like this."

"I trust you will be part of the massage like we discussed, but let's talk about a couple other things." I wondered where he was going with this. He continued, "Did my wife get you off out there? I could tell you were quite turned on before I left you two."

"No, she got me close several times but never let me cum." I said.

"Yes, she is very talented that way." he said smiling at his wife. "Did she fuck you?"

"No, she gave me a great blow job but stopped short of letting me fuck her," I replied.

"So are you still hard?"

"Sort of," I had never been asked that by a man, "about half hard I guess."

"Stand up," he requested. I complied feeling a little uneasy but not wanting to do anything to have the evening end prematurely.

"Come over here," and I did as instructed. He looked up at me, "Take off your robe, I want to see you naked."

I dropped the robe to the floor feeling very naked and very exposed. I flinched momentarily as his hand reached out and cupped my balls.

"Honey, I think you left him with a full load about to explode," he said looking at my cock that was starting to get hard again. "You don't mind me touching you do you?" he questioned looking up at me now.

"Of course not, I feel a little strange having you fondling my balls but my cock is getting hard again."

He released me and asked me to stroke my cock for them. I had never masturbated in front of anyone before and the idea of doing it in front of a couple was actually causing me to start losing some of my erectness. However, Kate's eyes were fixed on me and I definitely wanted to continue what we had started before so I wrapped my fist around my cock and started to slowly stroke it. It pretty quickly responded and momentarily I was standing their fully erect and fully aroused. 

This man had just let me get a blow job from his wife and more without making me commit to doing anything in return. I would do what ever they requested. I felt my cock hard again in my fist as I slowly slid my hand up and down the shaft. On the upstroke the foreskin would completely cover the head and then slide back off it as my hand went all the way to the base of my cock pulling everything nice and tight. They both seemed intrigued by my uncut cock and although his wife had played with it at the hot tub it appeared to be the first time Don noticed it. 

"Stroke it faster," Don requested after they watched me stroke it slowly for about 20 or 30 strokes.

I did as he requested and started stroking it faster, I saw that Kate had slipped a hand inside her robe and looked like she was giving her tasty pussy a little attention. That got me even more excited and Don was right in his observation that she had left me with a full load. I was getting too turned on and needed to stop before I shot my jism all over the place. I didn't want them to see me get myself off, it somehow seemed too personal and embarrassed me thinking about it. They were both covered up in their robes while I stood stark naked in front of them.

"I need to stop," I pleaded, "before I make myself cum."

Don looked at his wife who gave him a wicked little smile as a reply. "We want to see you cum," he replied. "Keep stroking it for us, you know you need to release your hot cum, let it flow buddy."

That was more than I could stand, I was hoping this was not going to be the end of the evening, me jerking off for them. I gave myself a half dozen more strokes and erupted in massive orgasm. I kept stroking as cum shot out of my cock and landed on the hardwood floors and some oozed down my hand and dripped on my thighs. I stood there light headed, turned on and totally drained for the moment. 

Don got up and I noticed for the first time the makeshift bed on the floor that he had obviously set up for his massage. I continued holding my cock as I watched him walk over the bed. He slipped off his robe and laid face down. Kate got up and after giving me a quick hug she told me it was massage time. She handed me a towel to clean off with, she had it right there so they had planned on making me masturbate as they watched.

She knelt on one side of him while I knelt on the other side. She slipped her robe off and I was treated once again to the sight of her lovely body that seemed some how even more exquisite in the flicker of the candle light. Pouring some massage oil into one hand she handed me the bottle before rubbing her hands together to coat them. I did the same and she said, "Just follow my lead, and enjoy."

Starting at his shoulders she worked her hands over his body and I mirrored what she did on my side of his body. Working in unison we made our way down his back and it was satisfying to feel him relax in response to our efforts. I watched as she changed her technique and made long sweeping strokes down the length of his back and then over his buttocks. His butt was firm and muscular just as his back was and not unpleasant to touch. It was also quite pleasurable watching his nude wife as her body stretched and tensed as she applied her different techniques. 

My cock may have softened but my level of sensual arousal remained very high. Next we used a combination kneading and hard squeezing on his ass cheeks and that elicited a slight moan of pleasure from him that I believe was also triggered by her allowing a finger to slip between his cheeks and graze his anus on more than one occasion. 

Turning our attention to his legs she had him spread them slightly and we started with the long sweeping moves and as we came up the inside of his thighs he relaxed his legs even more so they could be easily plied a little wider open. After finishing his legs with regular massage techniques I followed her lead as we ran our hands over his whole body from his shoulders to his feet and on a couple of the sweeps I allowed a finger to slip between his cheeks teasing his asshole.
