 It was still early on a Saturday morning and though I usually like to get a little extra sleep on the week end I had been intermittently waking up for the last two hours. There was no mystery to why I couldn't sleep. My mind was reliving my encounter with Don and Kate for at least the hundredth time since I had spent an evening with them 3 weeks ago. And although my mind was not fully awake I had a raging hard on that was begging for attention. Lying on my back I kicked off the covers and let my hand rest on my hard cock that was pressing against my boxers. I ran my fingers up and down the hard shaft still covered by the thin material and felt my cock twitching in response. Lifting my hips I slipped off my boxers and looked down at my cock as I spread my legs and wrapped my fist around my stiff dick. I held my 7 inch, uncut cock in one hand while my other hand fondled my balls for a couple of minutes. Then I slowly drew my hand to the base of my cock pulling the skin back and exposing the flared head already slick with a couple drops of precum.

My mind drifted back to the evening 3 weeks ago when they had invited me over to have drinks with them. I had discovered some time ago that they were swingers and lately had expressed an interest in exploring that life style myself. Not currently having a committed partner posed somewhat of an obstacle but that had intimated that they might be interested in my joining the two of them for an evening of experimentation. I was nervously hoping that this would be the evening something would happen and to my delight it turned out to be just that. 

My hand stroked my cock as I recalled how we had changed into robes and then headed out to the hot tub discreetly housed in a gazebo in their back yard. We all removed our robes and I saw them nude for the first time and they also checked out my naked body. I saw that Don had an impressive cock as he dropped his robe on a chair and lowered himself into the tub. As I envisioned Kate, standing before me naked, my hand stroked my cock a little faster. She was absolutely gorgeous with large breasts and full hips, her pussy covered in neatly trimmed black curly hair. I gave her a hand into the tub and we all just relaxed in the warm water for a few minutes getting use to the situation.

As the evening progressed Don watched as Kate and I fondled each other in the hot tub. Once inside the house we both gave him an erotic massage that ended with her sucking him off but not before she had me stroke his hard cock and play with his balls. That was my first experience in touching another man and as I now relived it while stroking my cock it was causing precum to ooze from my slit. After she sucked him off she held his cock and coaxed me into taking him in my mouth for my first taste of dick. The evening peaked with her sitting on his face getting her pussy fucked by his tongue as she sucked me off. As I visualized how she took my first spurt in her mouth before taking the rest of my cum on her tits I lifted my hips up off my bed and arched my back and spewed cum all over my stomach and chest. 

I lay there with my spent cock in my hand realizing this was at least the 10th time I had jerked off thinking of that night. I had been hoping for another encounter with them but they had not invited me back over. I had received a text from Kate a couple of days afterwards saying that they had both really enjoyed the evening and said I had been great as part of the threesome. So at least I hadn't done anything to offend them, I just didn't know if anything else sexual was on the horizon.

I was in the bathroom cleaning up after my solo lovemaking session when I heard my cell phone ringing in the bedroom. I got there in time to answer it and my heart gave a little leap when I saw Kate's name on the caller ID. 

"Hello Kate," I answered, trying to sound casual but upbeat.

"Hey Tim," she replied, "how have you been, you sexy man?"

"I have been fine. It is good to hear from you. I was hoping that you or Don weren't upset with me or anything. "

"Not at all, why would you think that?" she asked.

"Well, it was an unusual get together, to say the least." I began. "Guess I was just hoping to hear from you again."

"Yeah, I figured that may be the case. We both had a great time but to tell the truth, Don would want other women involved if we get together again." I listened to her feeling a bit deflated.

"I'm sure I would feel the same way," I replied trying to sound positive although I was clearly disappointed. I am sure she could hear it in my voice.

"I have something that may cheer you up if you are game," she stated.

I was immediately interested and realized I had been standing here naked the whole time I had been talking to her.

She continued, "I have been calling around to some of the other couples that we party with. There are some couples that are strictly straight while other couples are at least bi-curious if not completely bi."

I was starting to get my hopes up. "Hmm, go on," I said.

"Then there is the situation that you are a single man that has to be considered. However, I have found two couples that would be willing to join us based on our recommendation of you. Is that something you would be interested in?" she asked me.

That was a lot to take in all at once. I had questions of course but I also completely trusted that Kate would know what I could handle. "I would definitely be interested," I stammered. "What can you tell me about them, and when would this happen."

I heard her laugh on the other end of the line. "Just trust me, but tell me if there are any people you would eliminate without meeting them. We are an equal opportunity swing club," she said still laughing a bit.

"No, there is no one I would eliminate," and a hundred different scenarios ran through my mind of people of every race and age. "My cock is starting to get hard just thinking about it so I guess I am ready to try whatever you come up with."

"It doesn't surprise me your cock is getting hard. Hmm, I am getting wet thinking about how I sucked you off. Did you like that?" 

"Hell yeah I loved it. And now my cock is fully hard," I let her know.

"One more thing, there is a doctor we all go to. He checks everyone the week before we party. He will let the group know if anyone has contracted anything since the last check up. It is not 100% fool proof but along with that we all have a pact that we don't have sex with anyone outside our group. Of course we take other precautions as well," she let that sink in for a minute. "If you can make it he can check you out this afternoon."

"Sure," I replied as I grabbed something to write down his address.

"Great, I think you will find the check up pretty painless," she seemed to tease me. "And the party is next Saturday at my place. I will talk to you before then."

I drove across town armed with the doctor's address Kate had provided. I was freshly showered as she suggested and was wondering just what the appointment would consist of. I found his office in the midst of other professional offices in a one story complex not far from the regional hospital. The parking lot was nearly empty as most of the other offices did not have hours on Saturday afternoon.

I entered the small typical waiting room with the chairs lining the wall and the center table covered in magazines. A very pleasant looking nurse slid open the glass window and welcomed me and presented me with a clipboard with papers to fill out. There were the couple of forms with standard personal information required and then some forms with much more detailed questions asking some very intimate details of my sex life among other things. I was obviously the only patient there that day and when I handed then back to her she said she would be right back to get me.

A couple of minutes later she appeared at the door and beckoned me to follow her. I now notice she was quite attractive and had a nice build. She appeared to be in her mid thirties and as I followed her to the exam room I had to appreciate how she filled out the scrub pants she was wearing with just enough giggle to her ass cheeks to make me want to grab them. She held the door open for me and I entered the small exam room. She followed me in and had me sit on the edge of the exam table. She applied the blood pressure band to my arm and as she did my arm brushed up against her large firm breasts. She didn't appear to notice but I did, probably due to my heightened sexual state today following my conversation with Kate.

Finishing her routine checks she handed me one of those gowns that opens in the back and instructed to remove all my clothes and to put it on. She said the doctor would be right in. I stripped off all my clothes and as I dropped my boxers to the floor I felt funny standing there naked in the starkness of the exam room. I had just got the gown wrapped around me when the doctor knocked on the door and entered.

He was probably in his fifties with distinguished looking gray hair at his temples. He was a handsome man and appeared to be quite fit. He introduced himself and then explained that he worked with the 'group' that Don and Kate belonged to. He examined all the members and all findings and records of the exams were very discreet. He asked me if I had any questions before he started the exam.

"No, not that I can think of," I really did not know what to expect.

"OK, then we will get started," he informed me. "My nurse, Janet, will assist me."

He had me lay face down on the exam table and I could feel my gown slipping open. It was useless for me to try and close it from the position I was in. I heard the door open as the nurse re-entered the room. I figured it wasn't the first bare ass she had seen. 

"First thing we do is get a base line to work from. I will be examining you for any unusual moles or lesions that sort of thing," the doctor explained.

I felt him start by touching my neck and then working his way down my back. My robe was fully open by this time and I was feeling quite exposed. He made comments to the nurse on any findings, nothing scary luckily. They worked their way down over my butt cheeks and then to my upper thighs and that is when I felt her hands on me.

"You need to spread you legs a little wider," she told me as her hands gripped my one leg, her fingers on my inner thigh. 

She gave a little tug on my leg as I spread the other one a few inches. I was sure my balls were exposed to their view at this point. Her hand remained on my thigh as the doctor examined my other leg and she only moved them when he started his exam on that leg.

"Can you get us both some exam gloves?" he asked the nurse. 

"Should I get the lubricant as well?" she asked, and then it dawned on me. 

They were going to do an anal exam. Of course they were, I just hadn't thought about it. I could see her by the table putting on her gloves and bringing the tube of lubricant and gloves back to the doctor.

"Everything looks fine so far," the doctor informed me. "We need to check one more thing while you are lying face down." 

I saw the nurse bring what looked like a wedge shaped pillow that she covered with an extra gown.

Now she spoke to me, "I need you lift up your hips so I can slip this under your mid section."

I was quite embarrassed but I did as she asked. With my butt sticking up in the air she slid the wedge under me. Trying to get my gown out of the way her hand brushed against my cock which I realized was starting to get erect. I am sure she noticed but didn't say a word.

I saw the doctor pick up an instrument that looked like a stainless steel cylinder with an opening in the end. I felt the nurse's hands on my cheeks and she was starting to spread them as she informed me the lubricant may feel a bit cool. Next thing I knew she has my cheeks spread and her finger was lubing up my back passage. I couldn't help it, I was completely hard now and I was sure the doctor could see me as he sat on a stool behind me and examined my asshole apparently using the cylinder device to look inside. 

It only took a couple of minutes when he said, "OK, you can relax, we are all done back here."

I started to relax as the nurse removed the wedge and I lay flat on the table again. I could feel my hard cock pressed between me and the exam table. I lay there a moment as they got rid of the gloves and washed their hands. Then the nurse was standing beside my head.

"OK Tim, time to turn over," she said.

I was not sure how to handle this situation with my hard cock refusing to go down. Would they kick me out of the office when they saw it? When I didn't comply with her request she said softly, "Don't worry, you are not the first man to get an erection during one of these exams."

I turned my head and she had a small smile on her face. I turned over doing my best to keep myself covered up with my gown. The doctor was back to examining me and pulled my gown down to my waist as he checked my upper body. Next thing I knew he pulled my gown off me all together leaving me completely naked, lying on the table in front of both of them with a full hard on. They both acted as if nothing was wrong and after going down my torso they had me spread my legs as they examined my thighs again. 

Next I felt his hand on my gonads gently squeezing them and them examining them in detail for any sign of sores or other marks. With magnified glasses and an extra light he examined my cock, using his hand to hold it in different positions. I was still fully erect as his hand slid back the skin exposing the head. He looked and felt around it and I was feeling more embarrassed but also remained aroused.

"OK, we will get some samples for the lab and we will be done," he told me as he released my cock. 

"Great," I responded. I sat up as she returned my gown to cover myself up for what that was worth at this point. "I guess you need to draw blood?" I asked.

"That's right," he said, "We can do that right here. Janet will take care of that. We will also need a sperm sample."

"A sperm sample?" I gasped. Janet had opened the door to the lavatory and I saw it had a chair and an assortment of porno magazines in it. I was wishing I hadn't jerked off that morning; it would be hard enough to make myself cum in this situation even if I was horny.

With my gown back in place I sat on the exam table and let Janet draw the blood she needed.

"OK," she said. Handing me a small cup she motioned to the bathroom, "I think you know what we need. I will be back to check on you in a few minutes." 

With that she left the room. I know people give sperm samples for different reasons but just the thought of it had deflated my hard cock. I went in the room and tried looking through the magazines and pulling on my flaccid cock. The minutes ticked by as I stroked myself trying to imagine some scene that would allow me to get hard and cum. I was not successful and I jumped when I heard her knock on the door.

"Any luck," she asked? And it sounded so funny for some reason.

"None at all, sorry," I replied.

"That's OK, we have other methods. I will be back in a moment, please sit back up on the exam table."

I was too surprised to even answer. I heard her leave and I came out and sat on the exam table as requested. I had heard of prostate massages but didn't know if they were for real. Would they even do them here? Then a more startling thought, would she do it or would the doctor?

I was sitting there when she came back in. She confirmed that the doctor has recommended a prostate massage and that she would administer it. She asked if I had any questions but I told her I would rather just get it underway.

She put on exam gloves and brought the tube of lubricant with her. She had me remove my gown and lay back on the table as she stood between my legs, her body inches away from my cock. She told me I could stroke my cock and that would probably help, it would be only the second time I had stroked my cock in front of anyone. With lube on her gloved fingers she started working her fingers between my cheeks and massaging my rosebud. She took her time and I had to admit it felt good and I started to feel my erection come back. She had me lift up my knees and helped me support them on her shoulders as she worked her fingers into my anus. I complied with her request and stroked my cock as I felt her fingers go deeper into me. Suddenly she found my prostate and started massaging it. It was an unbelievable feeling and she was obviously very skilled at this procedure. It only took a very short time when I realized I was going to cum and couldn't stop it if I wanted to. She produced a collection cup that she gave to me and as she massaged me I came like crazy and provided more sample than she needed.

Sitting back out in my car after the exam I couldn't believe what I had just experienced. I was hoping the get together with the group next Saturday was as exciting.

The week dragged by but Saturday did eventually arrive. I talked with Kate a couple of times during the week. She did confirm that two other couples would be there for the party. They were both in their thirties and they were all nice people. She told me on more than one occasion that if I felt too uncomfortable I could change my mind and not show up; the party would go on without me. She did ask that I commit to the evening before I got there and not back out once I was there and had met the other couples. The activities would more than likely take on the atmosphere of an initiation for me. I also had not forgotten what Don had told me from the last get together; that if fucking was involved I should be prepared to give as well as receive.

I arrived at their house and was greeted by Don at the front door. He gave me a big smile and welcomed me to their party and that put me at ease. I had not talked to Don since our last encounter. He walked me into the dining room with his arm around my shoulder. There was Kate looking as beautiful as ever talking with another couple. Don introduced me to Charlie and Liz. 

They were both tan and look like they spent time outdoors. Charlie was about t 6'2" with a broad build and a trimmed graying beard. He probably worked in the construction field but one could easily picture him as the captain of a yacht. When we shook hands his hands were big and powerful but also gentle. Liz was quite attractive with strawberry blond hair and I immediately wondered if the drapes matched the carpet. She must have been 5'7" with large breasts and what appeared to be a nice round tush though they were both somewhat concealed by the lose top and skirt that she wore. She gave me a big hug pressing me into her breasts and I realized she was quite solid, not soft like I had imagined. 

Kate looked stunning in a black dress that showed plenty of cleavage and hugged her lovely ass just perfectly. She was being the perfect hostess making sure everything was just so and brought me my favorite cocktail. She gave me a hug and said she was glad that I decided to come, the other couples had been anxious to meet me and she could tell that Charlie and Liz were already warming up to me. The door bell rang again and Kate scooted off to answer it. I was about to meet the remaining guests.

I could hear them chatting in the other room and detected an English accent from the gentleman. Kate showed up with one guest on each arm. They obviously already knew Charlie and Liz and they were introduced to me as John and Pat.

John was a bit shorter than me and had light brown hair. He was slim and seemed more the scholarly type. Pat was a petite blond, not more than 5'2" I guessed. She was quite cute with small features and a very charming smile. 

"Well, all the players are here," I thought. I just wonder where I fit in to all of this. 
