 This is part 3 of my (Tim) story. I am attending my first swingers event. Being a single male I had to pass the initiation or 'interviews' described in part 2. I am about to rejoin the group downstairs after showering with Don and Kate. 

*

I headed downstairs wearing my robe that matched the others like a badge of honor. Don and Kate were with me as they had just finished their turn to 'interview' me. It was extremely erotic for me and I had just experienced my first cream pie as I went down on Kate after Don had screwed her hard and then pulled his big cock out of her in time to jerk off all over her pussy. A rinse in the shower with the two of them had revived me and I could definitely feel the pills kick in that Kate had given me. One was to ensure a good hard erection and the other was to give my energy a boost, all the men had taken them.

We entered the living room to rejoin the rest of the group that consisted of John and his wife Pat; and Charlie and his wife Liz. I wasn't sure what to expect, I guess I envisioned them all in a heap on the floor screwing each other. Instead they were all seated around the room chatting with a drink in hand. It looked like a normal cocktail party except they were all wearing robes. I discovered that the norm for these get togethers was to have a rest period in between the sexual episodes. 

"Well, I see you survived the interviews," boomed Charlie as he rose to greet us. Standing 6'2" with a broad frame he was an impressive man. He wore the same robe as the other men but his barely covered him adequately. He wrapped his big hand around my shoulder and led me to the couch to sit between him and Liz. 

Liz was looking quite lovely and she patted my thigh as I sat between them. Although covered up in her robe now I still envisioned her lying on the bed topless, her hands fondling her large breasts as she spread her legs for me and I knelt between them. Charlie had stroked his hard cock watching us as I took in the sight of his wife's beautiful snatch covered in a wisp of strawberry blond hair before burying my face in her wet cunt and driving her to an orgasm.

Across from us John sat in an overstuffed chair while his wife Pat sat cross legged on the floor in front of him. John was a bit shorter and of slighter build than the rest of the men but I had discovered that his cock was the biggest of any man here. His wife, at 5'2", was a few inches shorter than Liz and in contrast to Liz's buxom chest and full ass Pat was quite petite with 'B' size breasts and a nice tight little rear.

Everything seemed quite relaxed, as I looked around the room I realized I had a couple of goals for that evening. First, I wanted to feel my cock in Kate's pussy. I had experienced her skills in the fellatio department and had spent time pleasuring her with my tongue. I had even gotten to cum on her titties, one of my all time favorite things to do, but I was dying to shove my cock in her sweet little cunt. Then there was Pat, so petite but so fucking hot. In my time with her and John she had sucked my cock and I got to see her in her see through bra and panties but I had not gotten to even touch her pussy or breasts. I definitely wanted to do both before this evening was over, whatever the consequences.

I remained painfully aware that as the only single male attending this party I would have to succumb to whatever a couple might request of me. It had me quite nervous at first but as the evening progressed it was turning me on more and more. I knew what at least one person had in mind and that was to bend me over and take me from behind. I have never been penetrated by anything more than a finger but I think that was to change this evening.

I was watching Kate in the other room where she was getting a couple drinks for her and Don when she reached in her robe pocket and pulled out her phone. It must have been on vibrate because I never heard it ring. She answered it and I saw her face just light up and as she relayed something to Don I saw him look my way with a big smile on his face. They motioned for me to come join them which I did. 

"That was Roger and his wife Claudia," Kate began. "We didn't think they could make it tonight because they had been out of town. Well, they just landed at the airport and are headed our way."

I just looked at her, she seemed so excited by the news. 

"Remember I told you we are an equal opportunity swing club?" she said draping an arm over my shoulder and giving me kiss. 

"I do," I replied wondering just what that implied but having a pretty good idea. 

"They are actually the only interracial couple in our group. I am sure you are going to like them unless race is an issue," she looked me dead in the eye.

I had the feeling if it was an issue I would be the one leaving early. "No, not at all," I replied as her hand slipped inside my robe and gripped my cock.

"I believe you," she smiled, "especially judging by the way your cock is growing. I would love to have you and Roger at the same time tonight if that is OK with you. Plus I know we have not consummated our relationship yet, if you know what I mean." Her hand stroked the length of my cock a couple of times before releasing me. Once again, I felt the blood pulsing through my cock as it started to plump and rise.

Kate gives me a kiss on the cheek before taking my hand and leading me back to the living room where things are beginning to heat up. Liz is sitting on the couch beside John who is stroking her thigh causing her robe to slide open so her beaver is almost in view. Don, meanwhile, is standing behind the couch sensually stroking her head, Liz takes this all in with her eyes closed. Her one hand casually rests on John's thigh as he coaxes her legs a bit wider apart and I catch a glimpse of her beautiful pussy covered in a very light bush of strawberry blonde hair and I remember how delicious she was when I tongue fucked her upstairs. 

Pat joins us and asks Kate if she can borrow me for a bit. My head is spinning with all the sexual tension that is building up in the room. Kate gives me one of her great smiles and passes my hand over to Pat as she reminds me of the rendezvous she has requested for later with her and Roger. Pat gives us a knowing smile, she seemed to know what was in store for me.

I stand there with my arm around this petite very sexy woman and she snuggles against me, her arm around my waist holding me tight to her. We are watching the scene unfold before us as Kate goes over to join in. 

John's hand has made it way all the way to her pussy and she has spread her legs to give him access as his fingers lightly stroke the wisps of pubic hair. Don has untied his robe and with no concern for everyone watching he takes his cock in his hand and slowly strokes it next to Liz's face. She is still completely absorbed in what is going on as Don parts the front of her robe exposing her large firm breasts and begins feeling each of them and teasing her nipples with his fingers. Don's cock is completely hard as he strokes the 8 inches of rigid shaft occasionally rubbing it against Liz's cheek.

Kate kneels in front of John and unties his robe and opens it to expose his huge uncut cock that is lying across his thigh begging for attention. He doesn't have to wait long as Kate slides her hand under his thick cock and holds it in her open palm as if displaying it for everyone's admiration. With her hand cupping his cock she slowly starts stroking him with all of us attentively watching as her hand slides down pulling the skin back and exposing the bulbous head. He is not fully hard yet but his size is impressive. Kate leans forward and flicks her tongue across the head of his dick a couple of times before opening her mouth wide and taking his big cock head and a couple of inches into her mouth. She cups his shaved balls with one hand while she holds his expanding shaft in her other hand and we all watch as he gets hard in her mouth.

Liz has recovered from her state of utter tranquility and is licking up and down the shaft of Don's cock. As he continues to pump it she opens her mouth and he pushes a few inches into her. Both guys are getting their cocks sucked as Liz gets her pussy stroked my John. Then I watch as Kate slides her hand between Liz's open thighs and her fingers join the ones already there as the two of them stroke and finger fuck her. Kate stands and reaches out for Liz's hands as she assists her up off the couch and then down to the floor where a pillow is placed under her head as the three of them move into position to take advantage of her splayed on the floor. 

Pat takes my hand again and leads me to another room just off the living room that is set up for tonight. The last sight I see of the group is Kate dropping her robe to the floor and kneeling down between the spread legs of Liz. As much as I wanted to see Kate go down on her I wanted some time with Pat even more. We enter the room and she has me sit on the edge of the bed and I look up to see that Charlie has joined us.

Pat stands in front of me just smiling as Charlie stands to the side watching while enjoying his drink. I reach out and untie her her robe and part it to see her nude for the first time. She is stunning with her small pert breasts and light pink nipples like little erasers standing firm and proud. My gaze travels down her lithe body to her pussy that is shaved completely smooth and my fingers slide over her mound and between her legs to feel her smooth silky lips. She lets me enjoy her body and feel her breasts and stiff nipples for a couple of minutes, I think I could have spent an hour just touching and looking at her. She turns around and lets her robe drop to the floor and her fantastic tight little ass is right in front of me. She bends over slightly to give me the best view possible and I can't resist cupping her cheeks in my hands and squeezing them.

She kneels in front of me between my spread legs undoing my robe. As excited as I am my cock isn't fully hard yet but is oozing precum none the less. She wraps her small hand around my cock and uses her tongue to lick up the precum and then she presses the tip of her tongue into the slit of my cock head to make sure she got it all. She glides her hand up and down my shaft a few times watching the head disappear on the upstroke and being exposed again as she slides her hand to the base of my now hard cock. I had experienced her fellatio abilities during our 'interview' and I couldn't wait for her to apply her talents once again to my cock. She looks up at me with a dreamy look in her eyes and maintains eye contact as she takes my prick into her mouth. She slowly engulfs all of me until her nose is nestled in my patch of pubic hair as I recalled her husband John had been shaved there. She works her hand in concert with her mouth as she once again amazes me with her ability to give a fucking hot blow job. 

Charlie meanwhile has moved to stand beside her, his knee pressed against mine. He unties the robe that barely covers his body. His is a big man, not fat just powerful like a bear, and his big chest is covered with graying hair that matches his beard. Although he is in his late 30's his coloring makes him appear much older. His robe opens to expose his completely rigid cock , he had in fact been stroking it as he watched Pat suck me. His cock is fairly big but not huge like a couple of the other guys, I judged he was about my size around 7 inches but perhaps a bit thicker. He places one foot up on the bed so now he was standing with his legs spread and his cock only inches from my face. He has a thicket of pubic hair and his balls are most impressive in their size and also covered with hair. I had stroked his cock briefly when we were upstairs and I was fucking his wife. That was before he got behind me and let me feel his very hard cock against my ass while I was pumping my cock into Liz. I had not forgotten that he told me he wanted my ass tonight and I had agreed he could have it.

He leans in towards me and I do the most natural thing which is to cup his big nut sack and pull his cock to my mouth. I open up and suck him in, my tongue licking the head and tasting his salty musky flavor. He doesn't force his cock into my mouth, he lets me take it at my speed and I do my best to suck him right. I soon developed a rhythm and am surprised how much of his cock I can take, not being experienced at giving blow jobs. His thickness and hardness seem to be in contrast to smoothness of his cock head as I use my tongue on him when he is only in my mouth by an inch or so. I jerk him off as I suck him and I think I wanted him to shoot his load in my mouth, not that I knew if I could handle it or not, but the idea was really turning me on. Meanwhile Pat has me ready to shoot my load in her mouth.

I felt her squeeze the base of my cock. "You're about to shoot your load, aren't you?" she states.

"Yes, I am so close, but I want to wait," I rasp, taking Charlie's cock out of my mouth and stroking him. "I really want to taste your pussy and fuck you," I boldly announce. 

She stands up as Charlie backs away a few steps, his hard cock still pointing at me. 

"I want you to fuck me first," she tells me, "then you can lick my pussy all you want. I need to feel a hard cock in me." She gives me a wicked look, "If you want to cum in me, that's fine, you can still eat me afterward."

My cock twitches at the thought. She has me stand up and then facing the bed she bends over presenting that fabulous ass to me again. With her legs spread slightly I can see her bare puffy lips between them. I swear I want to get on my knees and worship her ass and her pussy from behind but I know she wants a good pounding first. I step up to her and grab her by the hips as she reaches between her legs and takes hold of my cock. She guides me between her lips and as I push in to her I think I might be in heaven. She is slick but still tight enough to offer the perfect amount of resistance to my cock. As the head of my cock makes it's way into her love canal I know that I won't not last long but I am determined to try. 

After a few strokes to get everything gliding smoothly I pick up the pace shoving it as deep as I can each time and she responds by pushing her ass back against me. About a dozen strokes in I am startled by a hard slap on my ass delivered by Charlie.

He follows it up with two more as he demands, "Fuck that bitch, you know she wants it hard and deep."

I do as requested and ram her hard and to the hilt as he randomly smacks my ass. Then as a change of pace I feel him press me into her as he stands behind me and once again I feel his rock hard cock push between my cheeks. I am so close to cumming, my cock buried in her sweet twat, I know I won't last many more strokes. Then I feel his hands on my butt spreading my cheeks, next thing I know a cool substance is dripped on my puckered asshole followed by his thick finger touching me there. First he gently rubs it all around telling me to relax. Then I feel his big thick finger push its way into my tight rear end and that is all I can take. I moan loudly and start filling Pat's pussy up with my jism. I send spurt after spurt into her, I have no control between her pussy gripping my cock and him fingering me from behind.

We all take a few seconds to recover then Pat gets up on the bed propped up on a couple of pillows. She looks so ravishing with her skin a perfect tone and her smooth pussy peeking from between her legs. She peers at me and nothing needs to be said. I crawl up on the bed and as I kneel down she spreads her legs for me. First I have to kiss all over her breasts and then suck those tempting little nipples which drives her a bit wild. Then I kiss my way down to her snatch that I had just dumped a big load in. I slip my hands up under her fanny as I bury my face in her crotch. I start licking her up and down her slit but as I go to change positions she tells me to stay on my knees with my butt in the air. 

Feeling very exposed and vulnerable I remain on my knees my nearly flaccid cock hanging between my thighs and my ass unprotected. I am so lost in licking her pussy and tasting her juices mixed with my cum I don't care what happens. I fuck her with my tongue and as rivulets headed down her ass cheeks I licked them up too.

First thing I feel is his huge hands fondling my balls and nearly soft cock. I have to admit it felt good. Then the cool lubricant is dribbled down between my ass cheeks and as it dribbles down past my ass he works it onto my balls and cock. My ass cheeks are spread apart and I once again feel his fat finger on my anus. I swear it's the size of a small cock. I keep licking her pussy as he pushes his finger into me and fucks my ass with it. It stops after a couple of minutes and I feel more lube dripped on my exposed asshole. I know I jumped, the unmistakeable feel of his cock head was pressing against me, I knew this moment was coming but now the realization set in. He grabs my hips and draws me to him. And then with no further warning he shoves his cock into me. I let out a scream as much out of surprise as out of pain. He has driven his cock half way into me with one thrust and my body is trying to adapt. 

He just held it here for a moment and somehow this assault on me help drive Pat to a screaming orgasm as I tried to keep my self focused on pleasing her. She held my head in her hands as if comforting me as I rested my face in her steamy crotch. Charlies started slowly fucking me and somehow I adjusted. It went from being almost unbearable to feeling just uncomfortable as his hard cock finally got to be where it wanted tonight, in my ass. Fortunately it did not take Charlie long to cum and for the first time I felt a man shoot his warm load in to me.

They let me recoup for a few minutes and then the three of us headed for the showers. We soaped each other up, what a contrast between his massive hairy body and her slight smooth one. She washed my back and then her fingers soaped my ass and as her fingers touched my asshole I gave a little start. I was going to be sore for a few days, but it was worth it.

Pat and I went back downstairs and Liz was dressed in her street clothes. Then Charlie came down and he was dressed as well. They thanked everyone for a great evening but said they had to head out. I was thinking it was early but it was actually nearly midnight. I had just experienced a mind blowing sexual romp and I could only imagine what had transpired down here while I was getting my ass pounded. Liz and Charlie made a point of saying how glad they were that we had met, I had to agree as I bid them good night. 

I had experienced so much this evening it was hard to even comprehend but there was one last pussy I desperately wanted to fuck, not knowing if I would get another opportunity. That of course was Kate and she had already mentioned she wanted to have a three way that included Roger who was due to arrive any minute. John and Pat and Don slipped off to the hot tub while I kept Kate company waiting for the new guests. We sat and chatted not mentioning what she hoped would be the next and I am sure final round for the evening. I had already cum twice, both of them quite powerful, and although the pills we took would allow me to go again I was sure that would be my maximum.

The door bell rang and I let Kate discreetly answer it, we didn't need two people in robes appearing in the doorway if any neighbors happened to passing by. She walked them in and introduced me to them. Claudia was absolutely stunning, she was tall with straight black hair pulled back behind her head. She was very long legged and appeared to have a nice round ass. Her jacket covered her breasts but hinted at a nice set of tits. Roger, a quite handsome black man, was a little under 6' with a powerful but not bulky build. He had been a star football player in college and now just worked out to stay in shape. His dark skin was in sharp contrast to the very pale complexion of Claudia. 
