 I had finally got to explore the swinging lifestyle and it made me feel more complete.

On the downside, for as excited and liberated the experience made me feel, I had no one with whom to share it. Everyone I had met at Don and Kate's party seemed really nice and we seemed to hit it off just fine. But the weeks slipped by and I didn't get invited to another get together. Of course I knew the problem, I was a single male and didn't quite fit in for most of their parties. I would feel the same way if I was part of a couple, I would want to party with other couples even if we did include bisexual encounters. Then something occurred that was about to change that situation. 

Sandra and I had dated on and off over several years. We never split up over personal differences it was just that our professional lives continually took us in separate geographical directions. Regardless of the miles that separated us she was that unique person in the world that I felt the closest to and I know she felt the same about me. I was taken with Sandra from the first day I laid eyes on her at the local park where we both went to jog. I can still remember it like it was yesterday, it was late spring and the weather was still comfortable enough for an evening run. The running path circled a small lake and I caught of glimpse of her, or more correctly her behind, when she was probably 30 yards ahead of me. I stepped it up a bit and as I closed the distance I was quite impressed with her firm ass and the way it filled out her running shorts. She had long tanned legs to compliment her lovely ass. Her blond hair was pulled back in a pony tail and I was struck by the gracefulness with which she ran, I am anything but graceful. As I passed her I gave her a little nod and a smile which she returned and I saw she was just as beautiful from the front as she was from the rear. I tried not to be obvious as I checked her out quickly and saw that her sports bra could not hide her perky breasts. I paced myself so we reached the end of the trail back at the parking lot just about the time and I created the opportunity to say hi to her and strike up a conversation. I was surprised at myself because it is not something I would usually do but there was something about her that had me mesmerized and before we parted company we had exchanged phone numbers.

We went out a few times and then started spending more casual time together and running together 3 times a week but it was several weeks into the relationship before we ended up having sex. We had come back to her apartment after a nice dinner out and the wine we had shared left us both with a warm feeling. She was looking especially lovely that night with a low cut blouse that showed off enough cleavage that I couldn't resist stealing a glance every chance I got, I found out later she was aware of my attention and had worn the blouse with that in mind. Sandra was also wearing a short black skirt that really complimented her tan legs and I couldn't help but imagine how good it would feel to run my hands up her smooth inner thighs until I reached her panty covered pussy.

She put on some soft music and then joined me on the couch and scooted up next to me and I put my arm around her shoulder. This was new territory for us but a very natural progression and she soon turned her head to me and we locked in a deep slow kiss. Just kissing her had caused my cock to start stiffening as my mind was flooded with all the pent up scenarios of things I wanted to do with her. We adjusted our position so were hugging each other while we continued kissing and my hand got to feel her firm ass for the first time. She didn't seem to mind at all as she kissed me deeper and then she placed her hand on my thigh and slid it up until she was covering my cock that was hard by that time. I was in heaven as she let her fingers slide up and down my length and I felt my cock getting even harder. Sandra broke off our kiss long enough to say, "I see I am not the only one that has been thinking about this, let's move this party into the bedroom."

She stood up and reached out her hand to me and I followed her into her bedroom. We embraced each other with my hands roaming her back and down to her fine ass pressing her into me as her hands did the same to me. My hard cock was pressed up against her and she rubbed against it just to tease me more. We headed to the bed where she sat on the edge as I stood before her and watched in awe as she slowly unbuttoned her blouse.

"I noticed you checking the girls out tonight," she smiled at me. "I think it is about time you got acquainted with them." and with that she slipped off her blouse revealing a lacy bra that showed plenty of cleavage but didn't quite expose her nipples. 

She was enjoying this as much as I was and as she leaned back on her elbows, her skirt hiked up a few inches, and she spread her legs slightly but enough that I could see her panties. I have always found beaver shots extremely hot and this one was particularly arousing. I joined her on the bed where we took our time fondling each other and then she got on top of me with her knees straddling me. She had hiked up her skirt so only her panties covered her pussy but I still had me pants on as I felt the heat of her cunt against my still clothed cock. She looked gorgeous as she gazed down at me and she unbuttoned my shirt and let her fingers play across my chest. I wanted to feel her naked breasts and I soon managed to unhook her bra with one hand and pull it off her exposing her fabulous tits. They were a nice C cup size, very perky with light brown nipples that were instantly hard. I pulled her down to me and kissed her breasts and sucked her nipples before I had even felt them with my hands. I know she enjoyed it immensely judging by her reactions. She allowed me some time to suck her nipples but she soon slid down my legs and started unbuckling my pants. We had waited so long to get to this point but there was no hesitation now as she pulled my zipper down and reached in and pulled my cock out. She slid off me and quickly jerked my pants completely off me, my boat shoes flew off my feet in the process. 

She took her time looking at me as I laid there with my naked cock exposed. I am seven inches and fairly thick and she seemed to be studying me when she said, "I have never seen an uncircumcised cock before." And with that she wrapped her hand around my shaft and started slowly stroking me as she watched intently as the head of my cock would be covered on the upstroke and then exposed as she slid her hand down my length. 

"Well, what do you think? Do you like my natural cock, it is certainly liking your hand," I asked her.

"I think it is marvelous," she smiled at me. "I want to suck your cock unless you have any objection."

Of course I did not besides she was already lowering her head and I felt my cock engulfed by her wet warm mouth. As much as I wanted to get her skirt and panties off and see and taste her I figured I would be the gentleman and let her enjoy me first. 

She stroked me and sucked me and I knew I wouldn't last long, I hadn't had sex in months. I thought I should stop her so we could have regular sex before she took me too far but I couldn't bring myself to tell her to stop and she really seemed to be into it. Her one hand stroked my shaft while she teased my balls with her other hand and her mouth around my cock felt exquisite and she was able to take most of my cock. I warned her once I was getting close but she just looked up at me with the sexiest look on her face and my cock still in her mouth. I felt my cum ready to explode and she sensed it too. As I erupted in a great orgasm spewing stream after stream of warm jism she pulled me out of her mouth and pressed my cock against her firm tits continuing to jerk me off as I covered them in my warm cum.

I knew she got a taste of me before pulling my cock out of her mouth but she was all smiles so I know she didn't it mind it.

She milked every drop out of me and then stood up and slipped into the bathroom to wipe my cum off her breasts. I was glad she didn't wash them as I could taste the saltiness when I sucked them later. She reappeared completely nude and stood there with the back light of the bathroom lighting her up just enough that I could finally see her lovely body and the light showed between her legs illuminating the trimmed patch of light brown hair on her pussy. 

I had stripped off my shirt as well so we were both naked for the first time. My cock needed a few minutes to recover but I was still horny and I coaxed her to straddle my face and I will always remember the view of her pussy inches from my face before I pulled her down and buried my tongue in her. My hands gripped her firm ass and I used my tongue to drive her to a couple of orgasms before she dismounted me and laid beside me on the bed. It suddenly seemed so natural to be in bed with her. We talked and fondled and teased each other until her hand brought me back to another rigid hard on. We fucked that night and because I had already cum once we had a good long fuck and I found out she liked to be pounded hard. We both came again before calling it quits and I ended up spending my first night sleeping in her bed. 

Over the next several months our relationship grew and we would spend 2 to 3 nights together, our busy schedules precluded us from spending more time. The sex was always good and we seemed to be a good match as sex partners as well as a couple. We never did anything too out of the ordinary sexually but it was always satisfying if not too adventurous. Then one day over dinner she told me she was being transferred 600 miles away and that was the start of our long distance relationship. And although there was no way either of us wanted to say we were exclusive it was also going to hard to fill the void left when we parted company.

We eventually adapted to living separate lives and stayed in touch via email and phone. We were talking the one evening about different crap when she asked, "So, how has your love life been going?"

"Not much to relate," I mumbled but she was sharp and prodded me.

"Not much, in you're not getting any; or not much, you aren't going to tell me about it?" 

I could feel myself blushing, this new side of me was begging to explore all the different sexual options but I had no one to talk to about it. There was a lengthy pause because I knew that once there was a small crack in the wall of my secret sex life she would get everything out of me. I took a deep breath, "I have tried swinging," and it sounded stupid as soon as I said it.

"What do you mean you tried swinging, do you have a girlfriend that you swap with other men?" she asked and I could tell her curiosity was piqued.

"Well, that is part of the problem, I don't currently have a girlfriend. But you know Don and Kate," I knew she had met them a couple of times and found them very attractive and nice people. "They had me over one night and we kind of explored a few things."

"You had three way with Don and Kate," she blurted out laughing, "Oh my god, I can't believe it."

I knew right then she would want all the intimate details and I was extremely relieved and embarrassed at the same time, and more than a little turned on. So I put it all out there, "Then they invited me to one of their parties with three other couples that didn't mind that I was a single male."

There was silence on the line then finally she said, "This is blowing me away, I am going to pour myself a glass of wine and then you are going to tell me everything." And I did, for the next two hours and she left no stone unturned, every encounter in detail was described to the best of my memory.

Finally I said, "I wish you could have been there with me to enjoy it, but I guess that would not appeal to you. It was just so exhilarating and beyond anything I ever experienced."

"I would do that with you if you wanted me to," she replied softly. It caught me by surprise and then I didn't know if I wanted that or not. Would it make me jealous? We then talked about that for another thirty minutes over a couple of glasses of wine. She reminded me she would be in town in a two weeks and would probably be here for a while working at the corporate office.

"This has all made me horny, how about you," I could hear the wine taking affect. 

"Oh yeah, I am sitting here half hard touching my cock through my shorts."

"That is so hot, I always wanted to watch you play with your cock and get yourself off. Did you know that? But I was embarrassed to ask," she murmured.

"I didn't know that , I guess I would have done it although I would be embarrassed," I told her. "Guess we didn't get too adventurous although we had great sex I thought."

"Would you do it for me next time I see you," she boldly asked.

"Sure, if it turns you on," I timidly replied

"Promise? I will do something you ask in return. Does it turn you to think about masturbating in front of me?" she stated.

"I guess it does seeing how my cock is now fully hard," I paused. "And now I have my hard dick in my hand and I am stroking it thinking of you naked on the bed and ready for you to lick my cum off your tits when I jerk off for you."

We talked every night for the next two weeks. She insisted she wanted to try swinging but it made me nervous that she was excited about seeing me with another guy. She didn't seem concerned that I would expect to see her with another woman and then she let it slip. She had spent a weekend at an old girlfriend's house a couple years ago and they got to know each other intimately. I wasn't letting her off the hook, "Let me pour a glass of wine and you can tell me all about it."

We spent that evening talking about her exploits with another woman. It turned us both on as she verbally relayed what had transpired. It was the first time we both masturbated together on the phone describing to each other what exactly we were doing to get ourselves off. She was coming to town soon and I told her I would make arrangements with Don and Kate for her to be introduced to swinging.