 Sandra arrived Friday night and I waited for her with nervous anticipation at the receiving area at the airport. Don had already set up a visit to the 'doctor' for her exam and told me that the visit was also part of the screening process to see how people reacted in an unusual sexual situation. He told me I should keep that bit of information to myself for the time being but also to enjoy the doctor visit. I resisted the urge to tell Sandra about my experience during the check up and found myself fantasizing about her visit to the clinic. After all we had shared and as much as we cared about each other I felt like a new mysterious woman was arriving at the airport today.

When she saw me her face broke into a beautiful expanding smile and I felt myself react similarly. She certainly looked like the Sandra I had always known and who had been the subject of many of my fantasies when I had to take care of my own sexual cravings but at the same time their was a different air about her . I wrapped her up in a big hug and she squeezed me tightly to her, the hug lasted long enough that it attracted the attention of more than a couple of the other passengers.

We grabbed a light dinner on the way back to town and there was a noticeable sexual tension in the air.

We made our way back to my apartment, she had agreed to stay there for the duration of her visit instead of booking a hotel. We wasted no time ripping off each others clothes. I pushed her back on the bed and kissed my way up her thighs to her pussy that was already wet by the time I got there. I spent a few minutes kissing and licking her snatch, my hands up under that beautiful ass that I'd been missing. My cock was already stiff and I just wanted to feel it inside her sweet pussy. I resisted having her suck me first because I wanted to last as long as I could pounding her. Her ass was on the edge of the bed so I lifted he legs and cradled them in my elbows as I pushed my cock into her slick tight opening. I slowly sunk it to the hilt and the feeling of her cunt caressing and contracting around my dick was unbelievable. We built up our rhythm until I was pounding her nice and hard, we both seemed to need a good hard fuck and I pumped her until I felt the cum well up in me and then flood her pussy. 

We laid together on the bed both lightly sweating and satisfied for the time being. I was running my hands over her perky breasts and playing with her stiff nipples. "That was outstanding," she said, "when can we do it again?" 

I laughed, "Yes it was and I would love to say in a few minutes but we have to go the clinic tomorrow. They will probably want another sperm sample and they told me last time not to come more than once in the 24 hours before hand." 

"So we are both going tomorrow?" she asked.

"Yep, everyone in the group has to go at least once a month and then pinky swear they haven't had sex with anyone outside the group, like I just did."

"So no more sex tonight?" she asked mimicking a young girl pouting. "What should I expect at the clinic?"

"I don't really know what they expect from women, some blood work and a pretty thorough physical exam. It's not too bad, you will probably survive it," I said with a wicked smile.

We arrived at the clinic on Saturday and like before the place was pretty much deserted except for the office we were going to. Nurse Janet was behind the glass in the waiting room once again and smiled pleasantly asking us to take a seat. A few minutes later she joined us in the waiting room giving Sandra the same stack of forms I was required to complete on my first visit. Turning where Sandra could not see her face Janet gave me a little smile and a wink and then said quite professionally, "If you would like to come back Tim, we can go ahead and get you started."

I gave Sandra a little peck on the forehead and said I would see her in few minutes, I could tell she was nervous but this is what she had signed on for. Once in the exam room Janet asked me to remove my shirt as she prepared to take my blood pressure and like before her large breasts pressed against my arm as she held it and listened with her stethoscope. The difference was this time I relaxed and enjoyed the cheap feel I was copping and once again she didn't seem to mind. She then applied some goo and contacts to me in several places all around my chest and attached me to a machine that she said measured both heart and respiratory rates and explained that both myself and Sandra would be checked to make sure that we had satisfactory responses when put under some stress. She confirmed that I was in a more or less relaxed state to start and as the monitor did it thing she place a hand on my stomach. I am sure it recorded some change in state and then she took my hand and placed it on one of her tits. It was a bit of a surprise but I had to admit she felt wonderful, even though she was wearing a buttoned up top, her breast was soft and I could feel her nipple respond. Then to my delight she started undoing her top and quickly had it open and her breasts were covered only by a thin silky top, it was no wonder I could feel her nipple through her top as they were both quite pronounced with just her camisole that was cut in a low V covering them. Her hand lightly stroked my stomach as mine sought out and easily exposed both of her big breasts with sizable nipples that were standing up nice and rigid. As I fondled her breasts her hand moved lower and started massaging my cock through my pants and I relived how she had given me a prostate massage on our last visit and wondered if there was another one in store for me. She unbuckled my belt and then undid my pants and pulled my zipper down. Reaching in she extracted my hardening cock and I felt it throb in her hand. She started slowly stroking me and told me to think about sex acts I liked performing with Sandra. She had me very excited and I was loving the view and the feel of her great tits. A couple of times she could sense I was close to cumming and then backed off, I was hoping she would finish me off. The whole time she watched the monitor to see my body's response.

All too soon she moved away from me and slowly put herself back together leaving me with a hard on protruding from my pants. She unhooked me saying I seemed healthy enough for sex and then instructed me to don one of the exam robes. 

"Only this time leave the opening to front," she smiled and turned way. I noticed she did turn back around and was not shy about watching me strip and she nodded approvingly at my still hard cock. She had me sit on the table again as she drew blood and then told me to go to the next door down the hall while she went and got Sandra.

I stepped out of the exam room and into one directly next to it. It was much smaller and appeared to be the 'Doctor's' private office but also had an exam table tightly crammed in there. I was still half hard and trying to keep my gown covering it with some success when the doctor came in and closed the door behind him. He was very affable and ran down a list questions regarding any changes or sexual activities since my last visit. Then he handed me the small cup and said he would need another sperm sample and this occurred just as I heard Janet and Sandra enter the adjoining exam room. 

I was sitting on the side of the exam table, my feet nearly touching his desk with him right beside me in the cubby hole of an office we were in. He opened the doors to the cabinet over his desk and slid several boxes of latex gloves to one side revealing a mirror inside the cabinet. I watched curiously as he dimmed the lights and I realized we were looking through a one way mirror into the room where Janet and Sandra were standing less than 10 feet from us. He just gave me a smile and I realized he was no doubt watching me fondle his wife as she stroked my cock a few minutes ago. We had a perfect view and I couldn't take my eyes off the scene, both of us peering through the mirror that was maybe eight inches high and about the same across, it meant that our bodies were nearly touching as we both tried to get a perfect view.

Sandra sat fully clothed on the exam table facing us. Her snug top showed she had a nice set of tits which I had no doubt would be displayed soon enough for the exam. She was also wearing a short cotton skirt and with the way she sat on the table unconcerned about anyone being in front of her she was giving us some nice glimpses of her black panties as she casually let her legs open a bit more than she would in public.

We could hear faintly what was transpiring and so we remained quiet voyeurs ourselves. The nurse took her blood pressure, then drew blood, and was chatting with her telling her a few things about the exam. Next she rolled the machine that I had been hooked up to over to the exam table and told Sandra she was going to have to put about a dozen sensors on her and would she please remove her top and her bra. Sandra seemed comfortable with the request and the nurse stood behind her and even gave her a hand taking off her top while giving us a little smile. She then unhooked her bra for her and Sandra let it slide off her arms and handed it to Janet. 

There she was, topless with both the nurse and doctor obviously enjoying the scenario. She was quite sexy sitting there with her breasts exposed, they are nice and full, whiter than the rest of her skin and topped with a couple of the nicest nipples I have ever seen and they were very perky to add to the erotic scene. The nurse had her raise her arms up over her head as though she was checking her for some abnormality and that just displayed her breasts that much better and then Janet started feeling the sides of them as she examined her and I felt my cock starting to rise again. 

The doctor looked over as I tried unsuccessfully to hide my now hard cock and he just smiled and said, "Don't fight it son, you need to provide a sperm sample and I though this might do the trick."

I looked down and he was touching his growing cock through the green scrubs that he was wearing. I thought, "What a pervert, what a lucky pervert."

He fondled his cock as his wife took her time attaching the sensors to my topless girlfriend. I quit trying to hide my hard on and took it in my hand and started slowly stroking it. The doctor nodded his approval and then he pushed down his pants and took his own hard cock in his hand and stroked it as we watched the scene through the window. The nurse handed Sandra a gown and told her to take off the rest of her clothes and put it on, the doctor would be with her in just a couple of minutes.

The two of us watched and jerked our cocks as Sandra undressed for us. She gave us a good show and a lovely view of her ass as she struggled to get the gown on with the opening in the back. The doctor said he had to go to work and pulled his pants up over his very hard cock. Putting on white lab coat to hide the bulge he said," Enjoy the rest of the show." With that he was out the door and about two minutes later I heard him knock and then enter the exam room where 

Sandra was.

He entered, looking very professional, and as he shook hands with Sandra I realized this was the first time she had seen him. He asked her a few questions and looked over the notes that the nurse had left on the forms and I listened as he explained how the rest of the exam would go. Sandra mostly just nodded her head but I saw the look of concern when he told her that they were going to monitor her as she was sexually aroused. These guys were good, how much was legit I never did figure out but it was an experience like nothing else I had ever known. 

I was stroking my cock when the door opened, my first reaction was to hide what I was doing as the nurse entered. "Don't stop on my account, Tim," she smiled at me. "You know we need a sample, one way or the other," and she gave me a knowing wink as I flashed back on the prostate massage she had given me. I exposed my cock again and watched as the doctor had Sandra stand beside the table and bend over it and he opened her gown exposing her back and her fanny. He touched her back in several places and listened with his stethoscope most the time looking at her fine ass. He put on a latex glove and applied lube to a couple of fingers and told her to relax. I was already stroking my cock again as I watched him spread her cheeks and then insert a finger and then another in to her asshole. He then took the cylindrical device he used me during the first exam and slowly inserted it into her anus and a blurry image was displayed on a screen. He told her everything looked fine, mighty fine he probably thought to himself, and he was a gentleman enough that he used several tissues to clean the lube off her before having her sit back up on the table. 

With her sitting back on the exam table the doctor asked her let the top of her gown down so he could examine her breasts. She did as told exposing her breasts for him once again and I stroked my cock a little faster knowing he was going to touch them. After checking a few of the connections for the leads attached to her he took his time feeling her breasts and told her he was going to measure her sexual response and he rolled both her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers and then applied pressure to them. Sandra looked startled at first but did not resist him as he held her stiff nipples and tweaked them. He informed her that the nurse would be providing additional stimulation when she returned. Sandra looked puzzled but her perky nipples indicated she was responding as expected to the test so far.

Turning to face me but also keeping an eye on the action in the other room Janet once again unbuttoned her top. Only this time she took it off and then pulled her camisole up over her head and off. She had incredible tits with those dark brown nipples that begged to be sucked. I started fondling them as her hand stroked my thigh next to my rigid prick. Then she bent over and took me in her mouth. It was indescribable, watching the doctor touching my girlfriend's breasts while his wife took my very excited cock into her mouth. She was great at sucking cock and took nearly my full length on each stroke. I felt myself ready to cum and warned her but she kept sucking me holding her hand tight around my shaft. As I started to cum she squeezed very tightly and only a small stream of cum oozed into her mouth. She pulled me out of her mouth and released her grip and started stroking my cock and I exploded on her beautiful tits. She looked up at me and smiled, licking my cum off her lips and then grabbing the paper cup she scooped a sample of my cum off her tits as copious amounts were pooled on them.

The doctor had Sandra lay down and pulled her gown up to cover her chest. He pulled a stool up to the exam table between her feet and told her to just relax. He stayed off to one side as he pulled her gown up so we both had the same view he did of her pussy covered in light brown hair. Janet got herself quickly redressed and gave me a salty kiss good bye and next thing I knew she was in the exam room with Sandra. The doctor took his sweet time touching and swabbing her pussy and then stood up and Janet took his place. From out of her lab coat pocket she produced a life like dildo and held it against my girlfriend's cunt before she started rubbing it across it and then she flipped the switch and it started to vibrate. I saw Sandra jerk momentarily and then settle down and let Janet masturbate her. The doctor stood by the head of the table and pushed her gown down once again exposing her and appeared to be adjusting the sensors but I knew he was just finding a reason to press his fingers into the soft flesh. Janet pushed the head of the dildo into her and then started fucking her with it. Sandra responded with moans and I could see her juices keeping the dildo wet. 

I was getting hard again and slowly stroking myself as I took in the bizarre scene. The doctor exited the exam room and joined me watching them. He pushed his scrub pants down around his knees and started jerking off his hard cock right next to me as he watched Janet fuck Sandra with the dildo. His hand moved faster and faster up and down his shaft and as his wife fucked her to a second orgasm the doctor started cumming, catching his load in his hand. He smiled at me as he grabbed a handful of tissues and cleaned off his hand and then milked the last couple drops of cum onto the tissues.

The doctor said I should join Sandra in the other room and get dressed. I knocked on the door and entered, the nurse said she would wait out front and gave me a wink as she passed me.

We exited the office and as we got in the car Sandra asked, "What the fuck just happened in there?"

Hoping she wouldn't be mad I explained how they were actually checking us for any communicable diseases but how they were also part of the swingers group. "So you knew what they were going to do to me when we came here today?' 

"Not exactly, believe me I think I had it a lot worse. Or better, depending on how you judge the experience," I replied. I breathed a sigh of relief as I saw a smile start to form on her lips. 

"Tell me about your experience," she demanded. I know I blushed a shade of crimson but I told her everything I remembered and even told her what went on in the next room as she got her exam. Luckily she took everything in stride especially when I told her they would have to recommend us to the group based on how we reacted to everything. I didn't think we would have anything to worry about.

The next week was sheer bliss having Sandra staying with me while she worked out of her corporate office in town. Every night we made love and we would speculate on what our first group experience may be like hoping it would happen soon. We didn't have to wait long; I got a call from Kate on Thursday afternoon asking if we were interested in joining them and John and Pat on Saturday evening. Of course I accepted and immediately called Sandra. I don't think she could focus on her work for the rest of the afternoon.

Saturday night we arrived at Don and Kate's house promptly at 8:00 PM, we had to force ourselves to wait until the anointed time. I was getting to the point of starting to get an erection just walking up to their front door knowing what might happen once inside. 

Kate looked as gorgeous as ever. She was wearing an Asian looking outfit that was of a smooth silky feel with a top that buttoned down the front and pants that were loose fitting in the legs but hugged her butt delectably. She gave us both a hug a led us into the den. The slight movement of her breasts moving under her top led me to believe she was not wearing any underwear this evening.

I was surprised that John and Pat were already there and Kate mentioned that Don was setting up the hot tub and would be back in a couple of minutes. I introduced Sandra to them and as John gave her a hug I realized he was only a couple of inches taller than her. She gave me a wink probably in reference to the fact that I had told her that John had a sizable uncut cock. Next Pat and Sandra hugged and Pat was a couple inches shorter and of slighter build than Sandra. I had also told Sandra how sexy Pat was naked with her small firm breasts and her pussy shaved smooth. I was hoping that Sandra would get to experience the sweet taste of her pussy tonight. Don rejoined the group and quickly donned the role of bartender getting everyone a cocktail or glass of wine as requested. He also passed around the bowl that contained the little blue pills that would ensure the men had good hard erections and would be able to go a couple of rounds with little recovery time in between, we all took one.

We sat around chatting as before everyone getting to know each other a little better and I was wondering what they had in mind. Would they put her through the 'interviews' as they had me? Would we all change into robes? The room had two couches facing each other about six feet a part, I was sitting on one with Sandra to my left and Kate to my right. I loved how Kate would casually pat my thigh as she said something or hug my arm pressing it against the side of her full breast. 
