 FOREWORD

These stories are based in Australia and written in the idiom the characters would use. 

Some issues in language variations I anticipated and built translations into my narrative. Generally, the intended meaning will be clear from the context if you don't cling too tightly to your usual usage.

Crutch/ Crotch has been a subject of much comment. Australians more commonly use 'crutch' and that meaning of the word is supported by the Macquarie Dictionary.

And 'fanny' has a different usage in Australia; which I'm sure you'll work out from the context.

A number of readers of my First Summer series wanted them to have the threesome Karen's been dreaming of. It's not entirely in the character so it's taken Karen a while to work up to it, but here it is.

I've referenced a few earlier chapters, but this story is self-contained. 

I think the introduction has its own share of titillation, but if you don't like long explainers and backstories, and you're just in a hurry to get down to the full on sex, it starts about a third of the way through.

As regular readers of these stories will know, the characters are about 21 years old.

*

When Kate's note on her reaction to my book of stories about the summer holidays arrived I shot her back an email thanking her for trusting me by being so open with me.

But of course there'd been another sentence in her letter that had sparked an interest in me. So at the end of my email I'd added....

"Have you ever done a threesome in the past?

Love Karen"

The same day Kate had come back....

"On the threesome, in any proper sense (so other than those I talked about in my letter), nope.

Not interested normally. 

I want a guy to be focused on me alone so not interested in joining another girl.

If I thought two guys would just worship me and pleasure me, then two together might be fun. But I doubt that's how it works. I think it's more like a team bonding thing for guys -- with the girl just an object the guys use, bond and high five over.

I saw what happened to Zoe and I'm not the slightest bit interested in that.

Why? Are you thinking about it?

Have you discussed it with Greg?

Remember nothing you might regret

Love Kate"

I knew I should leave the topic at that, but I couldn't. As soon as I saw her note I responded....

"Maybe

No, not yet.

Why might one with Greg and me be different?

Love Karen"

I hovered constantly over my email computer waiting for her reply. It didn't come in until the next morning

"Maybe you should raise it with Greg before going too far; he might just have a say in the matter!!!.

You are a deep and mysterious one aren't you? Who would have thought it of quiet conservative Karen?

The difference is the people involved. It's not just about the sex; it's about human interaction and being a little bit naughty in the process. After all when you're as close to each other as you, Greg and I are there's a natural sexual curiosity; even just a desire to be physically close.

I loved dancing naked with Greg not because it was a substitute for having sex with him but because of the intensity of the human experience and frankly it was the same when I hugged you and gave you a goodnight kiss. It doesn't mean I want to rub my clit against yours, just that such intimate contact is something special; something our bound up society normally denies us.

Maybe it's the unresolved sexual tension too; but it's a lot more than that.

Still all that is easy for me to say -- while I have two very valued friendships at stake I'm not going to be lying there wondering what this girl's doing to my boyfriend, so I'm definitely not trying to talk you into it -- just answering your questions.

But I do greatly value the friendships, so I have to stress, nothing that would affect that in any way

Love Kate"

Greg had also got to read the book. 

Since he'd been there the book didn't contain too many surprises for him, even if he was a bit surprised by the detail I gone in to. He did wonder whether I really intended to try and publish it, but in a way I'd already anticipated Kate's comment about my parents recognising who the author was and that might be just a tad too much information for parents to know about their daughter.

It really was only ever intended as a diary; probably something even Kate and Greg shouldn't have got to read.

He expressed surprise that I'd described the attractiveness of women in such detail; especially Kate and Jill. He even teased me that maybe I had slightly bi inclinations. But as I explained to him, if you're writing for a male audience, you have to realise they're visual and you need to paint a picture they find compelling.

Anyhow I was able to challenge him as to whether he thought I'd exaggerated Kate's beauty (a trap for him if ever there was one; although one he handled well enough by telling me that while Kate was beautiful in a classical or male fantasy sort of way, my beauty to much more to his taste).

The only bit he'd really not known about was my continuing fascination with a threesome. In a way one of my motivations for giving him the book to read was the possibility he might have wanted to talk about it but it was something he ignored. That's probably because in writing about it I'd always dismissed it as a mere fantasy; never to be acted on.

Still after the multiple orgasms I'd had in the car on the morning of Zoe's party just contemplating the situation we were in you think he might have said something.

After Kate's letter had come in and my email exchanges with her I let him read the letter too; without adding the emails.

The sentence that caught Greg's attention was different from the one I'd really wanted to discuss with him.

For Greg the key sentence was Kate's revelation of why she had given him a bad time on their date night all those years ago. The expression "panic" was catheteric to him. Greg's not one to hold grudges but there had been a stone in the shoe of his friendship with Kate all these years; how she could have done that to a friend like him. 

Going home after the ball that night Greg had tried to express his disappointment with Kate spending the whole night engrossed in conversation with the boyfriend of another friend of Greg's, but Kate had brushed the issue off. He was told she had just found him fascinating. Since Greg had always found this guy a boor and not a very attractive one at that, it didn't make sense to him.

So he'd buried the issue and just gone back to being friends with Kate; their friendship over time going from strength to strength. But still, that night had always rankled with him. He'd come to understand Kate's difficulties with relationships, but that approach to brushing him off was imponderable to him.

The word panic had explained it all. It said to him that Kate had valued their friendship enough even at that tender age to be concerned about compromising it. Greg could understand how a sense of panic could produce unintended hurt.

I'd always been just a little bit worried about digging too deeply into that night. As I'd said before, originally my greatest fear was that whatever happened was just a misunderstanding and the thing that had kept Greg and Kate apart as lovers would suddenly be brushed aside and I'd actually be in competition with her. As my relationship with Greg grew, that worry disappeared. I knew Greg was mine regardless of what was discovered about the history of that night.

Kate's letter produced the best of all outcomes; for me and Greg at least. Greg could understand her actions while even Kate was self-aware enough that she had recognised the danger of a deeper relationship with Greg and had reaffirmed by her own words Greg's concern about getting mixed up in her love life. For Kate it was a little sadder because it was a confirmation of the difficult road she had ahead of her in finding the love life she both craved and was scared of.

Still, there were a couple of other sentences in the letter that were important to a discussion I wanted to have with Greg and if I didn't take my chance now while the letter was in front of him, that chance might slip.

"How would you have reacted to Kate's friends with benefits offer if she'd made it?"

Greg's not stupid. He knows when I'm asking a loaded question. He may not have known where the question was going or even what the safe answer was, but he probably sensed it was better to answer it properly instead of just fobbing me off. 

"That might have depended on how she asked it. You heard how I responded when she said I could have had her body if I wanted it."

"That you wouldn't have risked the friendship just to have sex with her... but wasn't that because you wouldn't have known whether you could keep the emotional side out of it? What if he'd said 'Greg you're a great friend and I hear you might not be very experienced with girls. Would you let me give you an introduction to how it's done and how to make a girl happy, just as a favour to you as my friend?'"

"Hey, I'm just a poor innocent sex focused guy. If she'd put it like that I'd almost certainly had gone along with it."

"Did you find it sexually frustrating being so close to such a gorgeous semi naked girl all the time and not feeling you could be physical with her?"

"Of course I did. I was still a virgin so I didn't have any other female outlet for my frustration"

"Did you think of Kate when you were wanking?"

"This is getting really awkward. I think I've just been backed into a corner where not only do I have to admit that I wanked myself before I met you but that I used another girl who's now each of our best friend as inspiration. But since you asked -- yes - in my mind I've made love to Kate more often than I could count. Why are you asking me this?"

"Since girls assume all guys wank when they're not getting sex that's no admission at all. Did you just think about her body or did you actually imagine having sex with her?"

Greg was starting to blush. "I got the best results when I thought about having sex with her."

"Did you enjoy dancing naked with her at Zoe's party?"

"Of course I did. That's not something you get to do with a girl who's not your girlfriend every day."

"More so with Kate than the other girls?"

"This seems like a really dangerous conversation for me to be in. After reading your book I should try and freak you out by saying it was actually Jill I really enjoyed dancing with. But to be honest it was special being so up close and personal with a friend like Kate and even being allowed to be aroused by it."

"Did you ever get aroused just being near Kate when you were at the beach?"

"I'm starting to feel like I'm a spy under interrogation. You're not going to tie me down and start beating me up like a scene out of James Bond are you? As you know, that's the trouble with being a guy. Sure, my penis wanted to react to her, but my brain kept saying everyone's going to laugh at you if you get a boner. That tends to be a bit inhibiting, although I could never entirely stop it. Why are you asking me this?" 

"If I tie you down I won't be beating you up; I can think of much better things to do with you than that." I knew his question offered me my best chance of raising the topic I really wanted to talk to him about. I paused a moment before finishing; building courage ... 

"I was wondering what you'd think about having a threesome with her"

For a minute I think Greg was stunned into silence. 

He started speaking carefully and hesitantly.

"Do you want me to answer the question properly or are you just joking?"

"Yes I want a considered answer."

He hesitated again 

"I'd noticed your fascination with that in the book; it was really hot to read. I think I have to start by saying I love our sex life, I don't fantasise about having sex with any other girls and you're the only one who really turns me on.

I once told you I couldn't imagine ever having a threesome because I'd be frightened I'd get wrong the responsibility of making them both feel involved and special and in any case I couldn't imagine a pair of girls just getting off over my body.

Now I have you, I'd add to that a mortifying fear that, even though you said you wanted it, you'd be angry and hurt with me later.

That said, given our mutual friendships, if there was any girl who I might be able to see a threesome working with, I suppose it's Kate.

So if you really, really wanted to, I'd be willing, but you need to be absolutely sure it's what you want for you. Don't do it for any other reason; least of all because you think you're doing a favour for Kate or me; I've certainly never fantasied about such a thing. And you would have to be in control. You have to set the rules and you have to tell me what to do as we go along.

But don't rush an answer to whether you want it. Think about it. You have to reassure me it's what you want, that you won't feel bad afterwards and it won't affect your comfort with either of our friendships with Kate. Even then there's a chance that in worrying about things having a negative outcome I'd be left in a state where I couldn't perform."

I love Greg for the fact that he could talk to me so openly; that he'd dealt with a really sensitive topic without fobbing me off and left me feeling I really knew where he stood on the question. I leaned in towards him, whispered to him that I loved him for being so open and understanding with me and gave him a deep kiss.

But he was right. This was a serious decision. I knew the safe approach was just to set aside my whole obsession with it and forget it. After all both Kate and Greg had left that path open to me; had almost encouraged that outcome. 

I tried. I almost put it out of my mind; almost forgot the whole thing. Of course 'almost' where thoughts are concerned is not always enough. Sometimes when making love with Greg the mental picture would pop into my head; sometimes more randomly -- even in the middle of a lecture.

The deciding event was another orgasmic dream. I don't know why I'm vulnerable to them. As far as I know most girls never have one. Since the end of the holidays and the reduction in our sex life I'd had one based on a dream about more conventional sex after circumstances had left Greg and me sexless for a few days.

This one was different. Greg was in the bed with me in my family house; we'd snuck a quiet quickie before going to sleep so I wasn't entirely deprived.

The dream started out conventionally as I'm making out with Greg. Then without explanation the perspective changed. I dreamt I was standing off the bed at Greg's feet watching him thrusting away at a girl he was on top of, fascinated by being able to watch his fantastic arse in action like that. Between his widely spread legs I could see his balls and the base of his shaft thrusting in and out of the girl's vagina; long thrusts that nearly pulled all the way out of her and gave me a momentary view of her open tunnel. Her hands were around his back, stroking up and down.

I looked up at their heads and Kate beamed a smile back at me, pleasure written all over her face. Her looked changed; the smile suddenly replaced by a look of intense concentration before her eyes closed and she broke into this most beautiful O face as the sexy ohh's that I knew accompanied her orgasms rang through my ears. Greg's thrusting intensified. My dream wasn't conveying any sounds he was making but his actions indicated his own climax was near.

Suddenly I knew it had arrived; fast regular thrusts being replaced by massive spaced pounding movements. I looked down between his legs and cum was squirting out of Kate's body with every thrust by Greg; impossibly massive flooding quantities of cum being shot out like you'd expect from a high pressure hydraulic piston that suddenly broke a seal.

Next moment I'm awake, gasping out the contractions of a prolonged pleasurable orgasm.

I'd woken Greg too. He whispered -- 

"You didn't just have another wet dream did you?"

I couldn't answer for a minute as I recovered my composure. 

"Yes."

"What were you dreaming about this time?"

"Same as last time."

He didn't know about the one I'd had when he wasn't there. All he knew about was the one during our holidays; the one the book had told him was a dream about a threesome with Kate.

He sniggered. 

"You have got it bad haven't you?"

I rolled towards him and embraced him. 

"What I've got bad is a need for you."

Since he was already displaying a night erection, that was all the foreplay we needed for another quickie; which at least put him back to sleep without too many more questions. I just hoped my family didn't hear me.

But he was right. I did have it bad.

Increasingly I stared asking myself the questions both Kate and Greg had raised. Did I really want this? How would I feel afterwards? Would I have any more reservations about the interaction of Greg and Kate as friends than I had now? Did I really want to see Greg making out with Kate? What made it such a sexual turn on for me?

In a different category were questions like, how would it work? How do you actually do a threesome; especially since seeing Greg penetrate Kate seemed to be such an important part of it for me?

I played with the first group of questions in my head as much as I could; imagining what it would be like afterwards. After the morning of Zoe's party I'd told myself I didn't want to share Greg; I wanted him all to myself. If that was true, how could I even contemplate a threesome?

Trouble is, I wasn't sure it was true. I'm not sure I believed it then and was even less sure now. Don't get me wrong, on a romantic love basis I wanted Greg to be interested in just me. I think that's always a girl's greatest concern; that as a woman a man's relationship focus is on her and her alone; that another woman's not going to steal him away. And even having acknowledged that, he certainly wasn't able to just go out and fool around. I couldn't contemplate an open relationship or Greg being unfaithful.

But at Zoe's party I had actually enjoyed watching him dance naked in Kate's arms even though I knew where their bodies joined his boner was pressing into her stomach and very likely weeping pre-cum over her and her raised nipples were jiggling about on his chest with the movement of the dance. Yes, it was a sexual turn on for me, but it was deeper than that. There was a pride in my relationship with him; it was my man dancing with this stunning beauty, entertaining her with his company and yet it was me he wanted to come back to. To that extent I actually felt comfortable sharing him.

Only Jill had been a threat because -- frankly -- she seemed too close to me in her appearance and some aspects of her personality; her sexual promiscuity notwithstanding. Jill threatened the very source of my comfort with other girls by seeming to be a potential substitute for me.

I liked the way Kate had described Greg and myself as both being "pristine" when we met; by which she meant we were both virgins. I was fairly sure Greg and I were going to be spending our lives together, so by the act I was contemplating I was changing Greg from being a man who had only ever known me as a lover to one who'd had at least one other sexual encounter. He'd no longer be pristine from my point of view. Was that good, bad or irrelevant?

Certainly the fact we'd not had to worry about STI's had been a boon. But actually I think the thought of Greg spending his whole life with me never having known another lover was actually more a negative than a positive. I wasn't entirely sure that was natural for a guy and I think I preferred that be something that be got out of the way now under my supervision rather than come back to haunt me later.
