 Ann smiled as she finished getting the last touches on the food for lunch and jacuzzi with Wendy and Dan. She smiled as she remembered growing up with Wendy. They had been inseparable since they were small children, doing everything together, sisters in all but blood. She could hear Dave getting out of the shower in the other room, just home from work. She smiled as she remembered how she and Wendy had flipped a coin to see who would go out with Dave and who would go out with Dan that first time they had been asked. Funny how it turned out, she thought, both of us now married to them.

Dave came walking out of the bedroom drying himself, his beautiful, six-foot frame well-muscled and tanned. Ann sighed as she watched him drying himself, then reached out and wrapped her arms around him.

"You're still quite a hunk," she said, kissing him.

"You're not so bad, either," he replied, dropping his towel and folding her into his arms, pressing her against him as he kissed her. "In fact," he said, feeling his cock twitch, "maybe you'd like a little aperitif before Wendy and Dan get here."

"Umm, you bet I would," Ann replied, kissing him and grasping his cock in her hand, "but there's no time. They'll be here any minute."

"Then there's plenty of time," Dave said, sliding one hand between her legs and folding the other around one of her breasts, gently squeezing and kneading.

"Not for me, big boy," Ann laughed, twisting out of his embrace and letting his cock go. "I need more than that."

"Now what do I do?" Dave asked, looking down at his now-hard cock.

"I'd hide it," Ann laughed, "before Wendy and Dan get here."

"Maybe I'll just stay like this," he said. "Why should I have to wear clothes anyway? We never do when it's just us here."

"Hey, you don't want to wear any clothes, don't," Ann laughed. "You sure won't embarrass me. If you want to sit around all day with Dan and Wendy with your cock hanging out, please do."

"Well, you know what I mean," Dave said, jumping as he heard the doorbell. "You answer it," he said, scooting quickly into the bedroom as Ann went to answer the door.

Opening the door, Ann smiled and greeted Dan and Wendy, hugging both of them as they came in. Dan was every bit the hunk that Dave was, just a different personality. Wendy was still the same bubbly girl she had always been, only now she had a full, voluptuous figure to go with her 5'3" frame. With her curly blonde hair, she was still the cutest girl Ann had ever known, she mused, thinking of her own red hair and freckled complexion. At least she had nice breasts, she thought, and very sensitive, still feeling the tingling from Dave's earlier grope.

"Where's Dave?" Dan asked, looking around.

"Oh, he finally decided to wear clothes today and went to put them on," Ann explained, laughing.

"What a shame," Wendy laughed.

"Don't tempt him," Ann said. "He'd probably do it."

"Hi, you guys," Dave said as he came into the room. "Glad you finally showed up."

"You shouldn't have dressed just for us," Wendy said with a laugh. "It's so . . . formal."

"Very funny," Dave said, giving Ann a look.

"I'm thirsty," Wendy said. "We brought some wine. Anyone want to join me?"

They all chorused their agreement and Dave opened the wine and poured it while Dan brought out a baggie of pot and began to roll a joint. They sipped their wine as Dan put the finishing touches on it and then passed it around, enjoying the sweet, thick taste of it.

"This is really nice," Ann said after she exhaled. "Good flavor."

"I just got it last night," Dan said, taking a hit and passing it on. "It seems to have a real physical high."

"It does taste good," Dave agreed, taking a big hit and holding his breath.

Very quickly they finished the joint and refilled their glasses, finishing off the bottle of wine. Dave pulled out another one and began to open it as they all got used to the buzz from the pot.

"Let's go lay in the sun and soak in the jacuzzi," Wendy said. "We can drink out there."

"Okay," Ann agreed, "then we can eat some lunch."

Tugging Dan by the arm, Wendy pulled him into the guest bedroom while Dave went with Ann into theirs. Ann pulled her T-shirt off over her head, revealing that she was already wearing her bikini, a small green top that barely contained her breasts. Stepping out of her shorts, her bottom wasn't much more, just a string up between her ass and a small patch of green material between her legs. Dave could see the outline of her pussy through the material and was reaching out to grab her when she spun around and dashed from the room. With a reluctant sigh he quickly changed into his suit, a light-blue Speedo, and followed her out into the other room. When Dan and Wendy joined them, Dave could see that Dan was struggling to hide a slight bulge in his bathing suit and that Wendy had a sly grin on her face.

"Hey, what have you two been up to?" he asked. "What's going on here?"

"What do you care, Daddy?" Wendy asked with a laugh, grabbing her glass of wine and following Ann out onto the deck.

Soon they were all lying on lounge chairs soaking up the sun, finishing the second bottle of wine and making a big dent in a third. They were all feeling no pain from the wine and the pot and were enjoying the beautiful summer day. Then Ann poured the last of the third bottle into her own and Wendy's glasses.

"Hey, the bottle's empty," she said, holding it up. "I want some more, but I don't think there is any."

"You've got to be joking," Dave said. "I thought we had more wine."

"I told you we were getting low," Ann said. "Now we're out."

"What should we do?" Wendy asked, sitting up.

"Dave, you and Dan can go get us some more wine," Ann said.

"Why us?" Dave asked.

"Because I asked you to," Ann replied, smiling at him and leaning over to kiss him. "You know you won't be sorry," she said.

"Ooh," Wendy said, "you won't be sorry, Dan."

"Okay," Dan laughed, "I don't mind going. Come on, Dave."

Grumbling, Dave got to his feet and went and changed while Ann laughed and lay back on her chaise lounge and sipped her wine.

"Drive carefully, Dave," Ann shouted at him as she heard the door open.

As the door closed, Ann laughed as she sat up.

"Now I can get some sun," she said, reaching behind herself and undoing her top, letting her breasts feel the sun upon them.

"You'll burn," Wendy said, seeing her alabaster skin.

"Oh, they'll only be gone about a half hour, maybe more. That won't be too much," she said, cupping her breasts and massaging them. "I just love the sun on them."

"Be careful is all I can say," Wendy said.

"Come on, take your top off, too," Ann encouraged. "It feels great."

"I don't want to burn," Wendy said.

"You won't burn and neither will I," Ann said. "You'll tell me the minute you see me getting red and I'll do the same for you."

"Well, all right," Wendy said, reaching behind and letting her top go.

Her big, creamy breasts flopped out, her nipples quickly screwing themselves into hard knots. She rubbed them, then sat back, her eyes closed. Ann just sat on the edge of her chair watching Wendy as she basked in the sun.

"Do you remember that time when we were seniors in high school?" Ann asked.

"What time?" Wendy inquired.

"You know, when we went camping for that weekend and were by ourselves by that lake."

"Sure I remember," Wendy said. "What about it?"

"Do you remember what we did the last night?"

"What do you mean?" Wendy asked nonchalantly.

"You know what I mean," Ann replied.

"No, I don't," Wendy said. "What do you mean?"

"You silly," Ann said. "You know I'm talking about us masturbating together in the tent, watching each other."

"Of course I remember," Wendy said after a moment's hesitation. "Why?"

"Do you ever masturbate still?" Ann asked.

"What?" Wendy said, sitting up and looking at her. "What's gotten into you?"

"I do," Ann said. "Sometimes when Dave's at work or I'm here by myself and I feel horny, I do, I play with myself."

"Ann, what's the matter?" Wendy asked, looking at her. "Are you having problems with Dave?"

"No, no, nothing like that," Ann replied. "I just wondered if you still masturbate sometimes."

"Well, yes, I do, sometimes," Wendy admitted after a bit of thought. "Why?"

"I'm just feeling horny right now and I have an incredible urge to masturbate, that's why," Ann explained with a laugh. "I just thought maybe we could do it together like we did then."

"Ann, go right ahead," Wendy laughed. "If you're that hot, play with yourself. I'm not feeling an uncontrollable urge right this minute, but if you do, I don't mind."

"Will you watch me?" Ann asked softly, one hand sliding between her legs and the other caressing her breasts.

Wendy just sat there staring as Ann began to rub her fingers slowly up and down between her legs. She knew she should just lay down and close her eyes, but her gaze remained riveted to Ann's fingers as they continued to slide up and down between her legs rubbing her pussy. She noticed that Ann's nipples were both hard now as she played with them with her other hand. Then Ann slipped her hand inside of her suit and Wendy could see her fingers moving under the fabric. Ann's mouth opened and a slight moan came from her as Wendy realized that she had slipped a finger or two up into her pussy. She could see Ann's hand pumping in and out under the fabric of her suit.

As she watched, her own hand unconsciously fell between her legs and she was gently rubbing herself as she watched Ann. When she became aware of the fact that she, too, was rubbing herself, she no longer cared. She found herself getting excited watching Ann play with herself and began to enjoy the sensation of her own finger rubbing up and down on her pussy.

Then Ann lay back on the chaise lounge, her feet up and her knees apart. Pulling her hand out from inside her suit, she pulled the material aside, showing her smooth, shaved pussy to Wendy, just a brush of fiery red hair above it. Then sliding her fingers into her pussy, she began to rub her clit, making small circles on it. She was moaning louder now, her excitement rising. As Wendy watched in fascination, Ann suddenly slid two fingers into her pussy, jamming them as far in as they would go. When she slid them out, Wendy could see they were covered with a sheen of pussy juice before they plunged again into Ann's pussy.

Wendy was getting really excited now and she, too, pulled the material to the side and began rubbing her pussy more insistently. She felt her own excitement growing when suddenly Ann let out a loud groan and began to buck her hips up and down on the chaise lounge, her fingers plunging in and out of her pussy as she came. As Wendy stared in wonder, her own fingers began plunging in and out of her pussy, desperately frigging herself as Ann came in front of her.

Wendy was mewling as her fingers slid in and out of her pussy, her excitement rising. Ann's fingers slid out of her pussy and she pulled the material back over her pussy as she sat up, her mouth open from both her orgasm and surprise as she watched Wendy's fingers sliding in and out of her blonde-fringed pussy. Sliding to her knees in front of Wendy, Ann watched intently as Wendy plunged her fingers in and out of her pussy, her eyes closed. Then she gave a little cry and began to vibrate as she came.

Ann was fascinated as she watched Wendy cum. She could see her pussy juices drenching her hand as her fingers remained jammed up into her pussy. Without even thinking, Ann reached out and cupped Wendy's hand with her own, feeling the heat from her pussy and the slickness from her pussy juices. Wendy's eyes snapped open as she felt Ann's hand cupping hers, but she was powerless to do anything as she was still in the grips of her orgasm.

Finally she stopped cumming and just sat there, her fingers still in her pussy and Ann's hand covering hers. Slowly disengaging her hand from her pussy, Wendy felt Ann's hand slide across her pussy as she pulled it away. Slowly she rearranged her suit to cover herself, then looked at Ann, her cheeks flushed.

"Gosh, Wendy, that was just wonderful," Ann said. "I came like crazy, and then watching you and feeling your orgasm like that, it was just wonderful."

"I feel so silly," Wendy said. "We're not schoolgirls anymore."

"Of course we're not," Ann replied. "So what? I hate masturbating by myself. It was much more exciting for me knowing that you were watching me. And then getting to watch you, I'd forgotten how blonde and pink your pussy is."

"When did you start shaving yours?" Wendy asked, blushing. "I didn't know."

"Oh, Dave did it to me a couple of years ago and I really liked it, so I keep it that way," Ann replied.

"It looks perverted and sexy at the same time," Wendy said with a laugh.

"It is, and it attracts tongues like crazy," Ann said. "Dave constantly has his face buried between my legs, that's why I'm always so horny. It's all I think about sometimes."

"Dan sucks me sometimes, but not all the time," Wendy mused. "But he sure makes sure I suck him all the time."

"They're all like that, I think," Ann laughed.

"God, my suit's soaked," Wendy said, looking down between her legs.

"Quick, let's jump in the tub, that way they won't know," Ann suggested, jumping to her feet and pulling Wendy up.

They were just climbing into the tub and sitting down when they heard the door open as Dave and Dan returned.

"Our tops," Wendy said, realizing that they had left them.

"Too late," Ann said. "Quick, just slump down and they won't notice."

When Dave and Dan came out onto the deck, the only thing they could see were the heads of Ann and Wendy sticking up out of the water.

"Here's the wine," Dan said, holding up four bottles. "Dave has the open one."

Picking up their glasses, Dave filled them and brought them over to the pool to hand them to them. Then he turned and filled his and Dan's glasses. As he lifted his glass to taste the wine, he noticed Ann's top on her chaise lounge. Turning towards Dan, he noticed Wendy's on hers. He started to say something then decided not to. Smiling, he sat down on his chaise lounge and continued a conversation he had been having with Dan.

Meanwhile, Ann and Wendy were getting very hot in the jacuzzi. They had set it very warm that morning, not expecting to spend hours in it, just to soak for a bit, then get out. Wendy's face was getting red and Ann realized that they were going to have to get out of the tub. Not seeing any choice, she called out.

"Dave, would you please bring me our tops," she asked.

"What tops?" Dan replied, sitting up.

"Our bathing suit tops," Wendy cried. "We're boiling in here and we forgot to bring our tops with us."

Dan started to reach for Wendy's top when a glance from Dave stopped him.

"Why don't you two just get out of the tub and get your own tops?" he asked.

"That's not funny," Wendy complained. "It's hot in here."

"It feels great out here," Dave replied. "You should join us."

"I can't," Wendy said, "I'm embarrassed."

Dan just sat there staring back and forth from the girls to Dave. Then a smile crossed his face.

"I agree with Dave," he said. "You should just come get them yourselves," holding up Wendy's top.

When Dave gestured, he tossed it to him and Dave held both Ann's and Wendy's tops out in his hand.

"If you want these," he said, "you'll have to come get them," suddenly pushing them both into his bathing suit.

"Dan, Dave, that's not nice," Wendy cried.

"Well, it's just too hot for me and I don't care," Ann said, getting to her feet and stepping out of the tub. "Come on, Wendy," she said, offering her a hand.

"This isn't fair," Wendy said, taking her hand and quickly standing up and jumping out of the tub. "Give me my suit," she demanded, her breasts swinging in front of her.

"I don't think so," Dave said with a smile, seeing the way Dan was staring at Ann's breasts. "If you want your top, you'll have to get it."

"If I get my top, you never know what might come out with it," Ann said threateningly.

"Why do you want to wear them anyway?" Dan suddenly said. "You both have beautiful breasts. I'm actually enjoying seeing them."

"You would," Wendy said, glaring at him. "What good does it do us?"

"Actually, this is more comfortable," Ann said, smiling at Dan. "Why don't we just forget them," she said, leaning over to whisper in Wendy's ear.

Wendy at first had an unhappy look on her face, then it changed to a smile and finally a big laugh.

"Sure, why not?" she said. "We might as well be comfortable," she said, sitting down on her chaise lounge and picking up her glass of wine.

Ann, too, sat down, leaning back and ignoring Dave and Dan, letting the sun dry her. Dave and Dan watched the two of them, uncertain now that they had acquiesced so easily.

"Why don't you two go in the jacuzzi?" Ann asked. "It is really nice if you don't stay in too long."

"That sounds like a great idea," Dave said, getting to his feet.

As they both clambered into the jacuzzi, Ann reached over and picked up the sun screen and poured some into her hand. Then as Dave and Dan and Wendy watched, she slowly started to apply it to herself, slowly and languorously spreading it over her stomach and then her breasts, holding them and kneading them as she rubbed the sun screen over them. As Dan and Dave watched, mesmerized, Ann continued to rub her breasts, squeezing them and gently pulling and twisting her nipples, which quickly hardened into cherry-red knobs. She continued rubbing her breasts, staring directly at Dave and Dan, pulling on her hardened nipples.

Then Wendy got to her feet and came over and picked up the sun screen and began to apply it to herself, like Ann, spreading it in a leisurely manner. Her breasts were much bigger than her hands could hold and Dave's eyes never left her as she stood there squeezing her breasts and pinching her nipples as she spread the sun screen. Her nipples were as hard as Ann's. Dave and Dan watched, mesmerized as they continued to play with their breasts. Then Ann got to her feet and moved over to Wendy.

"You missed a spot," she said, reaching out and spreading some of the sun screen on Wendy just under her breasts.

She could feel that Wendy was holding her breath as she continued to rub the sun screen on her stomach. Then moving behind her, Ann let her hands slide up Wendy's torso until she was cupping Wendy's breasts in her hands, gently rubbing them and massaging them. Wendy just stood there in shock as she felt Ann's hands gently kneading her breasts. Dave and Dan just sat with their mouths hanging open as they watched Ann's fingers circle and then grasp Wendy's hardened, jutting nipples and squeeze them, pulling them as she continued to play with them.

Then she let her hands drop and came and stood in front of Wendy, smiling at her shocked face. Reaching out, she took Wendy by the hands and raised them up to her own breasts, pressing them against her and squeezing Wendy's hands and her breasts at the same time. Slowly letting her own hands drop, Ann stood there as Wendy hesitantly began to rub and massage her breasts, squeezing them and grabbing her nipples just as she had done to her.

Smiling at Wendy, Ann again raised her hands and continued to play with Wendy's breasts at the same time. Dave and Dan were in total shock as they watched. This was beyond what any one of them had ever imagined.

"God, it's getting too damned hot in here," Dave suddenly said.

"Yeah," Dan echoed, "too hot."

"Why don't you boys get out of the water then," Ann asked, continuing to knead Wendy's breasts.

"Yeah, why don't you?" Wendy said dreamily, squeezing Ann's nipples between her fingers.

As Dave and Dan climbed out of the jacuzzi, Ann moved back around behind Wendy, never letting her hands leave her breasts, one arm reaching around to cup her breasts in her hand, the other falling to lay on her inner thigh, right next to her pussy.
