 This is the story from Mizz and I's first foray into having encounters with other people in "that way". 

We had been going to BDSM and fetish house parties for some time but it was our little secret, the two of us never really brought up the "swinging" topic at all in the first year and a half of fetish/kink. 

All that changed one day when we were online just checking our accounts on a fetish networking website and low and behold we found our best friends Gem and Thomas! 

Gem and Thomas both work with me and when I joined the company we became fast friends. They were both married to other people at that time but since split from their marriages and got together. 

Gem was a stick of dynamite. 5'0" long black hair, glasses. Wonderful 34DDs and a great ass. Thomas was fit maybe 5'9" shaved head and my best bud at work and on our weekends off. They were both into the BDSM and kink lifestyle and not afraid to kiss and tell, while Mizz and I were more discreet in our extra curricular activities. 

Even if it was just a house party here and there where we let loose a little we still enjoyed "our secret ". Sex with others was just not in the equation. Mizz and Gem would make out at parties and lick whipped cream off each others tits for wow factor but that was harmless fun between friends as far as we saw it.

And then that day I ran into their profiles on the website the winds started changing. Something about seeing your best friends exposed with all their kinks and curiosities listed was pretty awesome. I screenshot-ed their profiles and texted them to Mizz who was at work. 

Almost immediately she responded with " holy shit!, we should msg them ;-)". And with that. I messaged Gem and Mizz sent Thomas a note through the sites messenger tool. Something playful but flirty just so our friends knew the jig was up. 

They were a little embarrassed at first for some reason but then excited that they had not only friends on there but good friends, nothing much was spoken after the shock of being outed, aside from us commenting and liking each others photos. 

One weekend we all planned on meeting up at their house for a cookout. It had been long enough that the memory of our online fun was just that... A memory, as the night wore on the subject turned to sex and kink. With them asking more about our adventures with fetish parties and what we had in our "toy chest", the four of us were outside after eating just enjoying the conversation and some wine. 

After some minor talk the girls went upstairs to go play show and tell with some new gear and sexy cloths Gem bought while Thomas and I cleaned up the patio and put away all the dishes and such from cooking out. 

"Hey man, you guys have any new playdates?" He asked me. 

Not really I replied, just some fetish parties. 

At that point in our journey we still were figuring out what we were into as far as roles and scenes we liked or curious about. 

Thomas broke in with a joke that we should just go upstairs and get the girls naked and see what happens.

"come on, they are plenty buzzed enough" he said. I laughed it off. Explaining that it really wasn't our thing to play like that with others. 

He then went on that they were in the same spot when they started dating. After a while and the trust was there, they began bringing in others to their bed. Its great man, he said and the girls are best friends and we are cool so it's not like we are strangers... He did have a point, and who doesn't fancy seeing their wife in bed with another hot little lass, let alone while you are fucking. 

"alright man, ya got me. Now what" 

Thomas handed me something that was in his pocket. After I reached out and he put it in my hand I realized it was a E.D. Pill. "Take it, we are gonna go upstairs and see what they are doing. If they are up for it they fine, if not take Mizz in the spare room and fuck just the two of you".

And with that I popped the blue pill in my mouth and finished my wine. 

Thomas grabbed a few bottles of water and we headed up stairs. We could hear the girls talking through the door about their favorite toys to use in bed about the time we knocked and then invited ourselves into the dimly lit bedroom. We were both greeted by our women with kisses and hugs as we made ourselves welcome. 

Thomas stretched out across the California king and I sat in the large chair in the corner nearest the group. Our ladies were on the floor still passing around sex toys of different descriptions and uses when Thomas broke it. "So Night and I were talking downstairs, about all the kink and play stuff we see on your guys webpage". 

He then went on for a bit about how we were all great friends, and that how Gem and him are so grateful to be so comfortable with actual friends about their lifestyle, that why not take all the sexual tension between us and have some fun with it. 

Mizz looked at me, at first I thought I was in trouble. She answered in a surprising way. "if everyone is down for it, then why not". JACKPOT! 

We now passed the point of no return with our friends and began kind of awkwardly setting rough ground rules for the nights play. I was not aloud to fuck Gem and Thomas wasn't aloud to fuck Mizz. Everything else was on the table so far.

And with that Gem came over to Thomas on the bed at his instruction. Mizz and I soon followed. Thomas and I helped Gem take her shirt off over her head exposing her fantastic breasts that were barely held back by a lacy black bra, she laid back on the bed and Mizz and I unbuttoned her jeans and slid them off her body. 

Just the action of undressing her with the help of Mizz already had me rock hard. Mizz then moved up to kiss Gem so passionately that it put all the party kisses to shame right away, it was the last thing I saw as I pulled Gems panties away from her pussy as I dove in and tasted how wet she was becoming. 

It was odd how natural it felt... Kissing and licking my best friends girl who also was a good friend's pussy with such feverish abandon that she began to exhale deeply in between the kissing her and Mizz were exchanging. My head was swimming in all this erotic passion, watching my wife undue her friends bra and begine to knead her tits while not breaking their embrace, and Thomas at the head of the bed propped up on pillows pulling down his pants and starting to stroke his 7.5"-8" cock to the sight before him. 

Mizz broke off from Gem to watch my work and even lent a hand in holding Gem's pussy lips open while I worked my tongue inside her. 

"good job baby, I think she is enjoying you" Mizz let me know while still kneading Gem's tits with the occasional nipple tug. I continued my work on Gems clit, sucking its sweetness into my mouth, rolling it on my tongue and drinking her nectar for a while, she started sucking Thomas's cock at this point and her moans became muffled around his shaft with ever pass down her throat. A hand on my head broke my focus and I looked up to see Mizz's face inches from mine. "my turn baby" she proclaimed before deeply kissing me and tasting Gem's pussy off my lips. "she tastes yummy", "so that's what pussy tastes like"? 

Seeing my chance for a quick comeback I answered, "only one way to find out". Her look of acknowledgement told me she got what I was putting out and she playfully nudged me away from my position between Gem's legs. 

Mizz took up my spot and at first lightly placed a kiss above Gem's clit. Sensing the change in mouths Gem bucked her hips hard while not missing a beat devouring Thomas all the way to down to his balls. The next target for Mizz was a long lick from the top if Gem's engorged opening to the bottom, leaving a long stream of spit training behind her to mix with her friends already pulsing pussy. 

Seeing such reaction was all Mizz needed to know she was doing a perfect job on her first try at eating pussy. She wrapped her arms around Gems legs and held her down for the next several minutes while her mouth danced with Gem's opening that she was now grinding in my wife's face. 

Taking a break from the action I stepped back and took my shirt off and undid my jeans.

With them on the floor I got back onto the bed and positioned myself next to Gem but with my head in the direction of Mizz. I did not want to miss any of the action of my wife enjoying her first pussy. Watching and running my hands across Gem's stomach and breasts she began moaning again from all the attention. She stopped sucking Thomas and let out some "oh fuck" and "jesus Mizz, you're making me so fucking wet baby... Lick my pussy harder"! "Fuck my pussy". And with that encouragement Mizz inserted a finger after rubbing on Gem's clit. All the way to the knuckle and began rocking in the "come here" motion. 

A second finger in and Mizz quickly had Gem crawling up the sheets. As I started kissing Gem's stomach I felt her grab the waistband of my boxers. Licking across her tummy I felt her hand dive in and wrap around my shaft and begin jerking my cock slowly. To help out I moved onto my knees and removed what remained of my clothing, Gem pulled me closer gently while still stroking me and I Knelt down to join Mizz who was fingering Gem to her first climax while I began drinking up the reward from her swollen pussy. 

Thomas had left the bed to position himself on the floor at the foot. Removing Mizz's panties while kissing the curve of her thighs and perfect ass he then indulged himself with my wife's bald black pussy. His rapid feast only made Mizz finger bang Gem harder and that sent Gem into a frenzy again. 

Jerking my cock faster and faster she finally brought the head to her lips and began licking the tip and finally wrapping her lips around and sucking me in whole with one shot. Bobbing her head on my member she stopped the jerking to play with my testicles. As she started sucking harder her grip around my balls became tighter to where it almost felt like they were in a vise. Her warm wet mouth felt great as I watched Mizz being Pleasured from behind by Thomas and his wicked tongue. Her growing vocalizing let me know he was now at least two fingers deep into my baby's wet pussy and hitting her g-spot. Mizz grabbed Gem by the hips and pulled her down the bed so the Mizz was now on top of her and their pussies were rubbing and grinding together. 

Thomas took this opportunity to eat Mizz out while fingering Gem. Mizz sucked Gems hard nipples while I move in and bent down to share an embrace with Gem who was back stroking my swollen dick. 

Another hand on my cock made me break the kiss and I realized it was Mizz, I leaned up to allow better access as Gem guided my cock into my wife's mouth. Mizz started sucking just as my baby does, but this time I had the added attention of our friend stroking at my shaft and with my balls rolling around in her mouth. The feeling was almost too much, my wife humming with pleasure down my shaft as she is getting some lip service by a friend while another friend is making sure my balls aren't feeling left out...

Watching the girls share me was such a sight. Each lost in a different piece of me only made me harder. I couldn't wait to fuck Mizz and release all the buildup. Watching them lick and suck with the occasional kiss with my cock between them was a heavenly experience. 

Mizz had moved off of Gem for a better angle and Thomas replaced her. Spitting on his cock her dipped himself into Gems well worked over opening and began slowly fucking his girl while she continued her shared handy work on me. Palming her tits while she worked I suggested to Mizz maybe she should try helping Thomas. 

Mizz moved to Gems pussy without missing a beat and began licking her clit while Thomas pumped in and out of her with a steady pace. 

With her free hand Gem started rubbing up and down on Mizz's pussy that was now inches from her. Opening her lips Gem slipped two fingers into my wife and fingered her while rubbing her clit with her thumb. 

Taking my cock from Gem I moved her head to the direction on Mizz's pussy. Gem needed little instruction after that because she lifted Mizz's leg so now the girls were in the 69 position and started licking while continuing to finger my lady. Mizz and Thomas were still double teaming Gem and I was sitting back and enjoying the show. 

After a few minutes of Thomas fucking Gem he stopped to reach for the tube of lube on the night stand. What happened next was the moment one of my all time fetishes started. Mizz grabbed Thomas hard shaft and told him there would be no need for lube. 

Pumping his cock she licked the length of his shaft before taking the head in her mouth, moving her tongue back and forth a few quick turns before bobbing in time with Gems licks on her pussy. I moved to where I could see this unfold better and making eye contact with my wife of so many years while she sucked her first cock other than my own put me on another planet. Never breaking our gaze for the next few minutes while she built up a substantial amount of saliva on Thomas's cock, I felt like the luckiest man alive. 

I had to have her now... Climbing off of Gem Mizz laid next to her, Thomas took back his perch and plunged back into Gem and I slipped into Mizz without trouble thanks to Gems oral skills. And now the Two gents were fucking their ladies side by side while the girls continued to kiss and explore each other as best they could on their backs while being fucked after the show the four of us just put on. 

Gem was the first to explode after Thomas picked up the pace with his cock and began working her clit with his hand faster than I have ever seen. she came so hard that night Mizz and I were introduced to our first real life squirting encounter. 

Moving Mizz to the edge of the bed so her head could hang over the side I started fucking her again while Thomas entered her mouth, Mizz cleaned Gem's cum off with precision while I fucked her on my way to my own climax, Mizz was close as well when Thomas placed both hands around her throat and held a firm grip around her. 

After he started really face fucking her and I could feel her pussy tightening around me while I sped up my fucking. Taking him as far as she could down her throat and then forcing him out of her mouth I felt the warmth of her cum as she let out a scream of ecstasy, just In time for me to unload deep inside of her. 

With Thomas and Gem on one end of the bed cuddling and kissing and Mizz and I on the other,after our first play date. Realized our friendship would never be the same after tonight. Where would this new adventure take us??