 The add read simply "soft swing parties" and a phone number. The number was answered by a soft woman's voice. She asked a few questions. Was I familiar with Soft Swing parties? Was I married? Did my wife want to participate? Had we done this before? She told me her name was Donna. She would be wearing a blue square dance costume Wednesday night in the lobby of a local hotel. Mary and I should meet her there.

Arriving, we joined three couples and two apparently single men meeting with her. She explained the clubs philosophy. A members only club, mainly for committed couples from 25 to 40, they rent a large house in the country for use exclusively as a Party House. They encourage up to 3 visits before requiring membership, they also allow a few selected singles, both male and female, as members. No more than 7 men for each 5 women are allowed to attend any party, she explained that women can handle more men, than men can women, we all laughed at how true that was. But, to many single men could make the women feel used and the men feel left out. She explained, that while looks are important, looks are not everything. Only " beautiful people" are members, but not all members are "hard bodies". She said she would call us with an invitation.

She called the next night. The directions were easy to follow and we arrive at the large isolated farmhouse well before 8:30 the following Saturday evening. A couple in their late Thirties greeted us by asking if we were Dan and Mary. Tom and Linn were assigned to show us around and explain the rules. 

A large nicely decorated house, there is a large living-dining room, and a kitchen-bar, and the garage is now a dance hall. There is a patio with a Hot Tub with a changing/shower area adjoining it. The patio is the only area where smoking is allowed. The most striking thing were the bedrooms. One room contained 8 cubicles each a little larger than a double bed, each with curtains; these are for couples that want privacy. Another room has 4 larger than King bed cubicles, these are for threesomes and foursomes that want privacy. Another changing area with another shower adjoins the lower and upper group rooms. One room is called a Hard Swing Room for those willing to take on all comers. The other group room is mainly for those who wish to watch and be watched, they may allow you to join in, but you must ask first.

The most important rule, the one that could get you kicked out is, No voyeurism in the private areas. As important is, No asking to join in, in the private area. Nudity is allowed and even encouraged everywhere except that No nudity is allowed in the living room, dining room, bar or kitchen before midnight. No sex, except in the rooms before 1:00 AM. Those and a few more rules were explained and we were shown where they were posted in case we needed to check them.

The next 2 hours we enjoy ourselves, eating from the plentiful buffet, drinking from the full bar, and conversing with many of the nearly 2 dozen couples who are attending what amounts to a party at their social club. Most are in their Thirties, with a few in their Forties. Most are very attractive, but it's obvious that looks are not the only consideration for membership. We seem to be the youngest here.

Mary is 24, 5'9" 36C X 26 X 36 with long blond hair and blue eyes and is extremely attractive. She was a 17 y/o virgin when we met. I am 27, 6'2" 200 lbs. and have been told I am a Hunk. We have been married just over 5 years. 

Eight months ago we changed partners with my best friend Bob and his wife Darlene. Until then I was the only man she had seen naked. Bob became the second man to fuck her, and Darlene became the first woman to eat her and the first woman she ate out. See the story "Weekend with Friends". On this site. We have spent 5 sex filed weekends with them since then, but that is another story.

We are chatting with Tom and Linn when I notice that there are few people in the room. Two couples sitting on the couch are about to break the no nudity in the living room rule as four pairs of hands explore each other. There is one couple engaged in a heated discussion about something, and a woman sitting alone. Tom says many have gone out to the Patio Hot Tub; we could join them if we want. I look to Mary; she is already getting to her feet. We want. Many of the people we had talked with earlier are now lounging nude on the patio or in the hot tub. 

In the changing area I can't stop myself from watching Linn remove her clothing, placing each item carefully in one of the lockers; deliberately putting on a show for us. She is 38, 5'3, black hair, shaved pussy, big tits, very sexy. Tom is 42, 5'11" in very good shape, must work out often. Tom puts his arm around Linn, Nice isn't she? Looks as good now as when I fell in love with her 20 years ago he brags, cupping one of her large tits, bringing a blush to her pretty face. Don't, she pleads. What do you think; He asks, make your cock hard? Want to fuck her? I remove my shorts reveling my answer, a very hard cock.

Even though only Bob, Darlene and I have seen her nude, till now, Mary acts as though she's use to removing her clothes in public. She slowly removes her shear blouse and short skirt. I watch Tom's reaction as she removes the black lace bra and little lace panties, making sure she shows us all her assets. Her large tits with their large pink nipples and her nearly bald pussy with only a blond peach fuzz, and her shapely ass. His cock stands straight out, like it has a mind of its own. I do not need to ask if wants to fuck my wife. Mary's checking out both of our new found friends. Tom is at least 9 very fat inches long, larger than either Bob or me, I can see Mary's interest. I take Linn into my arms and pull her to me and kiss her passionately. I am about to suggest we go to one of those king cubicles for a foursomes, when Mary says she wants to get into the hot tub. I whisper later to Linn

As soon as we come around the corner, the people in the Tub beg us to join them. The water is just right and really feels nice. The 3 women introduced themselves to Mary with handshakes and, to me, with kisses and strokes of my cock. I take the hint and let my hands room over their bodies. I could really get to like this. Linn puts her tong deep into my mouth and strokes my cock; I want that in me she says. Me too says Sue. Me three says Ann. Me first says Mary. We laugh. I want very much to put it in all of you I answer. One at a time they retort. Why? Mary asks. We all laugh.

Four men are mauling Mary; but she seems to be enjoying herself. Tom has a finger in her pussy and is taking turns kissing her with a couple of other guys. Another guy also has a finger in her pussy while sucking a tit. Two fingers in her, the third and fourth men's fingers she has had in her vagina. She is alternately kissing them deeply and massaging their cocks and playfully pushing them away. Tom and another guy ask her to go have sex with them; she refuses. My husband first she tells them, moving to sit next to me. The men turn their attention to the other women. We fondle each other, watching them fondle each other till they pair up and excuse themselves. No sex in the Tub before One AM, the rules are the rules. 

Alone, I whisper in her ear, asking if she is OK with what is happening. Yes, she says, but she wants to make love to me. These men have made her hot, but hot for me, not for them. She wants to make love with me. Then, she says, she may fuck some one else; Tom maybe, she thinks he is handsome and she likes his cock, and she tells me, I can fuck Linn or another women. I am overwhelmed by my love for this woman.

We wrap the large towels around ourselves and head for the couples only room. It is full, and worse, there is a waiting line of couples caressing each other as they wait their turn at one of the cubicles. When did all these people arrive? The Romper Room, the group room where every thing goes is empty. It is about 15 feet square and only 5 feet high, with wall-to-wall mattresses. The walls and ceiling are covered with mirrors. Soft pink lighting gives the white sheets a soft glow. It is empty; our best chance to fuck in a room full of ourselves. I take my wife into my arms and kiss her urgently. We hang our towels on the hooks provided out side the opening, no door, and crawl into the room. We watch ourselves in all the mirrors; there are an infinite number of us. We kiss fervently. I fuck deep into her. Soon we are climaxing. I pump my cum into her, as her tight vagina milks my cock in wave after wave of her very intense continuing orgasm.

Rolling off her, I touch a soft body. A good-looking petit blond is lying next to me. I tall thin Man is moving in to lick my wife's freshly fucked pussy. She reaches for the back of his head, pulling his face into her pussy. She grins at me in the mirror above. Mary loved Bob or me or Darlene sucking cum from her, now this guy is going to suck my cum out of her, I know she will reach another climax.

That's my husband Jack, I am Joan says the blond as she strokes my cock then takes it into her mouth, Umm, she says, I love the taste of pussy and semen together. I lay there watching the stranger lap my loves pussy while his wife sucks my cock. I smile at Mary in the mirror above, God I love her.

A man enters, kneels over Mary's head and offers her his cock, which she sucks into her mouth. A Woman appears and begins tong fucking my mouth. I watch in the over head mirror as a well hung heavy man pushes Jack aside and plunges his fat cock into my wife, becoming the third cock she has had in her, she moons, from the size, and begins rotating her hips, giving him a great fuck. Joan lowers her pussy onto my cock, trying to get the slowly hardening thing up into her tight cunt. Jack, her husband comes over and she licks Mary and my cum from his mouth, Umm, she says, I love the taste of pussy and semen together. My cock slips into her wet cunt. The fat guy pumps his load into my wife and the guy she's been sucking immediately buries his cock all the way into her, and almost as quickly, shoot his load deep in her, becoming the fourth guy to fuck her.

Jack is next, he moves over and enters her semen filled cunt and begins long slow strokes. Joan strokes my cock with her strong vagina mussels in rhythm with her husbands fucking my wife. I smile up at Mary in the overhead mirror and she reaches for my hand and gives it tender squeezes. Jack is taking his time. The fifth man to fuck her is fucking her just the way she likes; it is very obvious he is enjoying my wife's pussy. He grins at his wife as he takes long slow strokes; she rises up and kisses him on the mouth. I move over and put my tong deep into my lovely wife's mouth. Joan's tight vagina is beginning to have an effect on me, in spite of the fact that I had just cum a few minutes ago; I can feel another climax approaching.

Many men and women are in the room. Some are engaged in various sex acts, while other seem to be waiting their turn. Sex sounds and soft music fill the air, it is very erotic. Time seems to stand still, while I concentrate on Joan's vagina milking my cock. Suddenly, Jack sinks his cock all the way in and his ass begins to buck as he pumps what must be a huge load into Mary's already full vagina. He lays still while Joan gets to her hands and knees. Joan kisses her husband's mouth, then his ass. He pulls his cock from my wife like a cork from a bottle. Joan quickly replaces it with her mouth, and starts sucking the cum from her very full pussy. Mary screams loudly as she climaxes, startling everyone. Those who are not busy, and even some who are, break into applause. As Joan continues to softly lick my wife's pussy, a woman moves into place and begins to lick her pussy, she moans and then climaxes herself. I was kind of grateful that I had not cum, but Joan really felt great. Mary whispers that she needs a drink.

As we leave we meet Tom and Linn. Hope you Two saved some for us, but if not we hope to have you next time. Mary reaches under Tom's towel and squeezes his cock. We are only taking a break, she says, we still have all night.

I will finish this story and tell you many more in the near future. I promise there will be many more if I win an award. He He