 In Part one Mary and I (Dan) are attending our first swing party. We have just left the group room where, unexpectedly, Mary has just screwed her Third, Fourth and Fifth man; and was eaten out by her second woman.

Leaving the room I ask her, What did you think of that? She melts into my arms, pressing herself to me, Wonderful, she smiles. I feel so satisfied, yet I want more, she purrs. How about you she asks. I feel great, I answer. I am thirsty, but I would love to watch and maybe join the orgy in there. She hugs me, me too, but I need a shower and a drink first. 

 Turning, we see Tom and Linn, our hosts for the evening. The four of us shower together in the large shower area near the group rooms. Soaping each other reminds us of showering with Bob and Darlene. We tell them the story. (see weekend with friends part two) Then we warp towels around ourselves and head for the living room. 

 We join the many others; this party is getting large. Tom says that 40 couples pulse 8 single men have reservations for this evening, the maximum allowed at any party is 100. He explains that some couples come mainly for the social activity, the nudity, the sexual activity of others, and public sex with their own partners, and swing, that is change partners, only occasionally. Still, only real swingers, that is, those who willingly open up to sex with others are allowed to become members. By the time a couple has been to 3 parties the old timers can tell if both partners really enjoy being at the parties. He tells us,     It is evident that you are enjoying yourselves, you already qualify for membership.

 We help ourselves to coffee, cake and ice cream. They introduce us to many people, to many to remember, and I have no idea as to who is with whom, but the conversation is pleasant and Mary and I are really enjoying ourselves. Tom and Linn stay close to us, seems they are not about to miss, a second time, a chance to be with us.

   I tell Tom that by leaving us in the Hot Tub, he missed his chance to be the third man to screw my wife. But, we thought you two wanted to be alone, he protested, or we would never have left you. Oh, we were alone for a while; but we did not remain alone. I tell them everything that happened in the group room in vivid detail. About Jack and Joan and the two men whose names we do not know. (see First Swing Party part one) Mary blushes, she is so beautiful when she blushes, and squeezes his hand. She puts her lips to his ear, you can be the next she whispers, licking his ear lob. Then, you’ll be number Six, I tell him. Tom puts his arm around my wife, saying,  it makes no difference to me if I’m number 3 or 300 as long as I have a chance to please you. I am positive you’ll pleas me, she says, caressing his cock. Their mouths meet in a full long deep kiss. 

Mary lifts the towel exposing his now very hard cock, look she tells me, this is the second most beautiful, besides yours, cock I have ever seen. I laughingly protest; It is larger than mine, but no larger than Jack’s, that guy you just fucked. Well, she stammers, blushing a bright red. His was nice, but this one is nicer and I want to suck it, then I want very much to fuck Tom the man, not just Tom’s cock. Yes, I want his beautiful cock all the way in me, filling me completely, but more importantly, I really want to fuck Tom. Now, let’s find a place where we can be alone together. We make our way to one of the larger cubicles and climb in.   

  I place my left arm under Linn’s shoulders and press my lips to hers in a soft sensual kiss. With my right hand I slowly caress her tits, and then slide it down her flat belly to the top of her pubic mound, gently stroking her clit with my index finger. I gently suck each nipple between kisses on her mouth. I have been mentally ravaging Linn since we met some 5 hours ago. She is an absolutely fascinating woman. At 38, 11 years older than me, she will be by far the oldest I have been with, and there is something about her, that makes her very, very sexy. Perhaps it is her large brown bedroom eyes, or her jet black hair. She is 5’3”, about 120 lbs. she has big tits, 38D a small waste and rather large but very shapely, womanly, ass. She is, unlike other women I have been with, soft, like a marshmallow. All in all, she is a very beautiful and very sexy woman. I want to feel those big soft tits pressed to my chest, I want to lick her shaved pussy, and then fuck her. I lick inside her mouth in deep satisfying kisses then kiss my way down he body. I press my lips to her clitoris and lick inside her love tunnel. She asks me to turn around, she wants to suck my cock while I suck her pussy.

 Turning, I note my wife and Tom are 69ing. His cock is stroking her mouth as though it were a vagina. He’s massaging her ass checks, the tips of both index fingers are working their way into her tiny brown back hole, while his tong is deep inside her hot wet tight fuck hole. As I lower my head I hear Mary moan and look to see Tom licking her butt-hole while working his finger into it. Normally she does not allow her butt hole violated, but she seems to be enjoying it now.

Taking a hint from what Tom is doing to my wife, I place my hands under his wife’s butt and lift it high enough to put my tong in her ass-hole. An intensifying of the suction on my penis rewards me. Wetting my finger with her abundant lubricant, I work it into her butt-hole. Returning to licking her clit, I finger fuck her ass-hole. She is going wild, moaning and bucking. I work a second finger into her ass. She is climaxing repeatedly, rewarding me with squirts of sweet juices.  Despite Linn’s loud cries, I hear my lovely wife in unmistakable repeated climaxes. God, I love it when she climaxes.

 Turning around, I press my lips to hers. Her warm soft tits against my chest, my cock enters her wet, unbelievably tight vagina. Ever so slowly, savoring each fraction of each inch, I work it in, deeper and deeper till it’s all the way. I rotate my hips, she rotates hers. It’s hot and tight, a perfect fit. My God it feels good. I kiss her harder, ramming my tong deep down her throat. She sucks it the way she had sucked my cock. I take a single slow stroke. All the way out, till just the head is in, then slowly all the way in. She moans, I take another stroke, then another, oh, oh, god she is a great fuck. She is rotating her hips, while she is moving up and down in time with me, what a wonderful fuck. Faster, shorter strokes now. Faster, oh my god. Faster. She is convulsing, her cunt is pulsating. She is climaxing. OH MY GOD. I am Cumming, pumping my semen deep, deep into her.

My wife and Tom are screwing next to us. Tom’s enjoying the tight young, 18 years younger than him, pussy of my wife, while I’ve been so aggressively, like the youngster I am, fucking his wife.  He picks up the beat, hammering into my screaming wife, bringing her to yet another orgasm, while he pumps his large thick load of creamy cum deep into her.

I smile at Mary, she weakly returns the smile. That was great she whispers. Yes it was we all answer. We laugh at the spontaneous response. We lie there coming down from our sexual high. I rock back so I am sitting on my heals and run my hand up the inside of my wife’s leg between Toms legs until I reach his balls. I cup his balls then caress his softening cock. That feels good he says, yes I answer, to bad she gets to enjoy it and I cannot. Mary laughs, you have one of your own. I saw how much you enjoyed using it on Linn. Tom and Linn laugh. We were wondering if you were bi. Are you bi? Tom asks. Only with one guy so far, I answer. Tom reaches for my cock, well we will just have to make that two guys, won’t we, he says. We laugh. Yes, but not right now, I answer. Yes he says, squeezing my soft cock, Let’s go get a drink.

 We shower again. We help ourselves to large glasses of Cola on ice at the bar. We are told that most people do not drink much alcohol at these parties. In the dinning room we find a variety of snacks. I note that many of the women are wearing negligees, others nothing at all. Most of the men have towels around their waists, however some have on shorts and others nothing at all. It is after 1 AM so there is no longer any rules about dress or undress. A couple sit on the sofa kissing, while a woman sucks his cock and a man licks her pussy. A man sits on a dinning room chair, his cock deep in the woman on his lap.

On our way to the hot tub, which we are told in now a warm tub, we pass a full fledge orgy in the group room. The night is still young. The Party will continue. Look for part Three coming soon to this web site.