 Dear diary, tonight was one of the best nights of my life. Martin and I finally went to a swingers party. As you know martin has been asking me to try it out for months, but I was always reluctant. I thought it would change everything about our relationship. I didn't know how I would handle seeing him with another woman. But tonight I can finally say that I was wrong. 

I agreed to go to the party to keep Martin happy but he had promised me that if I hated it we would leave straight away. I was a bundle of nerves all day. I kept imagining how awful it was going to be. I thought it would be full of dirty old men and desperate old women. When I told Martin how nervous I was he said that we didn't have to go, but I felt bad about not even trying it so I suggested that we have a few drinks before hand to relax me slightly. So two hours and five vodkas later I was feeling a lot more adventurous as we got into a taxi.

Martin had picked out my outfit for the night, it was a simple black dress that I felt sexy in. But it wasn't too revealing. The black lace thong and bra set I had on also gave me extra confidence. The ride in the taxi was nerve wracking but Martin settled my nerves by gently nibbling on my ear and whispering how sexy I was. By the time we reached our destination I was quite relaxed and a little turned on.

When we arrived at the party I was surprised to find it was being held in an ordinary looking house, I don't know what I expected but it wasn't what I thought it would be. Admittedly the house was big but it didn't scream sex party!

Before Martin knocked on the door he turned to me and gave me another chance to back out. When I said I was ready for this he pulled me to him and kissed me passionately. His hands cupped my bum as he began to gently rub himself against me, as his obvious erection pressed against my stomach the front door opened. 

Much to my surprise we were greeted by a very beautiful woman. She was around my age with long brown hair. She was dressed in a very classy pink and cream dress. She didn't look anything like I had imagined. She introduced herself as Sharon and welcomed us into her home. 

We followed Sharon into the sitting room and found seven other people sitting around casually chatting and drinking. They all looked like normal thirty something couples. Sharon went around the room and introduced us to everyone, half the names I forgot instantly. Everyone seemed very friendly and Martin took my hand and led me to the only empty chair. Sharon went into the kitchen to get us drinks.

By the time she came back in with my vodka and coke I had started to make small talk to the woman to my right, her name is Mel and she was easy to talk to. We were all soon chatting away like old friends. They way everyone was so relaxed had a relaxing effect on me, also the three more vodkas I had helped. So when Sharon said it was time for the fun to begin I giggled like a school girl instead of collapsing in shock.

We all went into the large dining room and sat around the table. I thought it would be a key in a bowl type thing. But Sharon placed a bottle onto the center of the table and her husband Mark explained that as myself and Martin were swinging Virgins we would start off gently with a friendly game of spin the bottle. Everyone seemed happy enough with starting slowly, so after downing another vodka I was ready to start. 

Sharon span the bottle first and it landed on Paul, they both stood up and met in the middle and kissed passionately for about a minute. Everyone took their turn spinning the bottle and kissing. The bottle thankfully hadn't landed on either me or Martin till Mels turn. When she spun it it landed pointing straight at Martin. He glanced at me as if asking for permission. I nodded my head slightly and he stood up to walk to Mel.

I kept my eyes straight ahead as I wasn't sure how I would feel seeing Martin kissing another woman. It wasn't until Sharon told me to look that I moved my head. As I slowly turned around to see Martin kissing my new friend Mel I was surprised by my reaction. Instead of the discust and jealousy I thought I would feel I was surprised to find that I couldnt take my eyes off them. I can't say seeing my husband kiss anther woman turned me on, but I was slightly aroused by it. I think it was the fact that I knew he was getting turned on that I liked.

Next it was Mels husbands turn on the bottle and he had to kiss sharon. Then it Andys turn and the bottle landed on me. I looked at Martin and he gave me a big smile. It was obvious from the look in his eyes that he was excited at the thought of see me kiss another man. So I slowly walked over to Andy. He began slowly by just kissing me lightly. When I didn't pull away he took the kiss further. As he pressed his soft lips to mine he ran his tongue along my lips as if asking for permission to deepen the kiss. I opened my mouth to grant him access. He plunged his tongue into my mouth and began exploring. It was fifteen years since I had kissed anyone other than Martin and I must admit to liking the change. While Martin was a great kisser, Andy was definitely different. I can't explain quite how he was different, he just was. I was just relaxing into the kiss when Andy pulled away. I went back to my chair next to Martin with my head down. I was embarrassed to make eye contact with any of the people around the table, I knew everyone had watched me kiss a virtual stranger. When I sat down Martin grabbed my hand and leaned into me to whisper into my ear. As he told me how much he had enjoyed watching me with another man he put my hand onto his groin. I was astonished to feel how hard he was.

Know that he enjoyed watching me immediately put me more at ease. So when Sharon came over and sat closely beside Martin I didn't mind. I knew what she was up to. So when she looked at me as she slowly slid her hand up his thigh I didn't make any move to stop her. She took this as my permission and cupped his very obvious erection. Martin let out a soft moan of pleasure as sharon began to rub him through his pants. Seeing his enjoyment was making me slightly damp and I had to adjust myself slightly on my chair. 

As I looked around the room I could see all the other couples had begun to pair off with someone else's partner. They all seemed to be enjoying themselves too much to notice what anyone else was doing. Several of them were starting to leave the room, obviously heading for a bed somewhere. 

I looked back at Martin and Sharon to find them kissing. She had managed to open his pants and had his hard cock in her hand, his hand was up her top obviously groping her breast. As I looked on in wonder I felt a hand on my own thigh. Startled I turned slightly to see Sharons husband sitting beside me. He had one hand on my thigh and the other hand was rubbing himself through his pants, he obviously enjoyed watching his wife fool around with another man. 

The feel of his hand gently rubbing my leg and the sight of my husband touching another woman was something I was definitely enjoying. As Martins hand slid down Sharons body the hand on my thigh slid up under my dress. I leaned back into Mark's chest as his hand roamed further. Mark began to kiss my neck and I tilted my head to allow him more access. 

Martin and Sharon were beginning to undress each other as Mark's kisses became more passionate. By this stage I was beginning to feel a noticeable dampness between my legs. As Mark's hand reached the apex of my legs I let out a soft moan. Martins eyes immediately open and locked with mine. He smiled broadly as Sharon began trailing kisses down his chest. Martin and I were still locked in a deep stare as Sharons mouth enveloped his cock. As soon as he felt her warm mouth on him his eyes fluttered closed. 

As I watched in awe as another woman sucked my husband off, Marks fingers had made their way into my panties. His touch was light and sensual as he rubbed and teased my wet pussy. His lips moved to my ear and he whispered to me that he would love to taste my juices. I moaned a yes in response. 

Once Mark had my permission, he pushed my chair back and positioned himself in front of me. Both his hands slid up the side of my thighs, he reached my panties and slowly pulled them down. He was so gentle and kept eye contact with me, making sure I was OK with everything he was doing. But I wasn't nervous at all. Sharon and Mark had made me feel totally relaxed and the sight of Martin enjoying himself with another woman was really turning me on. So as Mark knelt before me I knew I couldn't wait any longer. So I grabbed the back of his head and pushed it towards my sweet spot. I wanted to feel his tongue on me, I wanted to feel as good as I knew Martin was feeling.

As soon as Mark's mouth reached its destination I moaned loudly. I always loved the feel of Martins mouth devouring my pussy, but Mark's mouth felt different. It felt like he was exploring me, he wanted to lick and suck every inch of me. I knew he was savouring me. He was gentle and quite obviously very experienced at eating pussy. As his masterful tongue teased my pulsing clit, he inserted a finger into my wet cunt. 

As Mark was teasing me I kept my eyes locked on Martin and Sharon. I watched as she sucked and licked his powerful cock. I watched Martins face contort with pleasure as Sharons mouth enveloped his full length. As Martins hand grabbed the back of Sharons head my hand reached for marks head. I pulled him closer to me and rocked against his tongue slightly. The thought of getting my pussy licked by another man as Martin was fucking someone's mouth really had me excited.

When I was close to the end Mark stopped licking me and began trailing kisses up my stomach. He paused momentarily when he reached my breasts. After giving my hard nipples a quick suck he pulled away from me and looked at Martin. He told Martin that he wanted to fuck me right now. 

Martin looked at me and asked if I was OK with that. I was so caught up in the excitement that I agreed. To be honest if Martin had had a problem with it I think I would have died. All I wanted at that stage was to be fucked.