 We were married for a few years when we started to talk about experimenting with other options. One of these avenues was swinging so we researched Dr Google. We retrieved other stories and experiences with other couples and how to get into the swinging lifestyle. Up until this point, Linda was the only person I was with and I was nervous how I would react in this type of situation. She reassured me that if I was uncomfortable with anything, we can stop at any time. Once we had some ground rules established, we both had to agree on the couple, we are in contact with each other, and protection was a must. Depending on our comfort level, we may attempt a full swap. With this out of the way, we looked into local swinging clubs for us to try this out.

Our city had a club on the other side of town, so we decided to attend it one Saturday night. Since we arrived early, we registered at the front and were given a quick tour of the premises. Even though there was not many couples there yet, we were excited with the anticipation ahead especially the opportunity to use one of the back rooms.

At first, we were worried that the night would be a bust. As more couples entered, we could feel the playful looks towards us as a newbie couple. Linda and I were watching other couples and making suggestions for our first experience. After a couple of drinks, Linda noticed a couple pleasantly glancing our way. As she nudged me, they started to walk our way with a playful smirk on their faces. They introduced themselves as Dave and could not help but notice we were new to this lifestyle. After some idle conversation, Sammy mentioned how Dave liked ladies with larger breasts and Linda was sporting a low cut blouse that showed off her sensual cleavage. I smiled as Linda blushed with the compliment. I could not help but notice that Sammy was very attractive herself and her body resembled a high school cheerleader I had a crush on. Since we did not know how to proceed with the next steps, we slowly steered the conversation towards that direction. 

As we were chatting, I felt Sammy feel my arms and slowly move towards my mid section before rubbing my thigh. This was turning me on as I watched Dave brush Linda's hair back, slowly feeling down her arm, and across her breast. I smiled at Linda as this was turning me on and she smiled with approval. I could feel Sammy starting to grope the inside of my thigh up to my now growing member. I looked at her and she smiled as she liked what she felt. I was feeling so randy now that I could have fucked her right there. Dave and Sammy made the first move by suggesting to get to know each other better in the back rooms. They offered to see if one was available in order for us to touch base with each other. Linda mentioned that she liked Dave and was okay with me and Sammy. I couldn't agree more and as Dave waved us to the back room, Linda kissed me as we walked towards our new adventure.

We walked into the empty dimly lit room where Dave and Sammy started to kiss and make out. This helped us relax as we followed their lead and were further turned on that this was happening. Dave and Sammy were better at getting more comfortable by removing their clothes and making out. I was enjoying their show and before I knew it, Linda opened my pants and exposed my throbbing cock. She was started to slowly stroke it as we watched Sammy give Dave a blow job. I smiled at Linda as she moved down to service my cock as I was containing my horny ambitions. I closed my eyes as Linda sucked my cock when I felt Linda stop, as I looked down, Sammy was eager to take my cock inside her mouth. This was making me overly excited having another women go down on me. I watched intently as her lips slowly opened around my cock head and it disappeared into her oral cavity. Sammy's mouth felt so good on my cock I did not see where Linda went. As Sammy was servicing me, Linda moved over to Dave and was returning the favor that his wife was giving me. As I was sitting down, I brushed her hair back to enjoy the full view of her head bobbing up and down on my cock. I took advantage of the situation to reach down and caress her breasts. I could feel her nipples harden with my touch as she started to breath a little heavier. I was a lot to take in as I could see my wife Linda on her knees between Dave's legs and Sammy sucking me so sensually. As Sammy looked up at me, I smiled and mentioned that I would like to return the favor. She motioned me over to the bed in the corner and seductively kissed me for encouragement. 

She laid down and opened her legs inviting me to seduce her. I kissed her passionately and then started to kiss down her neck, across her shoulders, and down her arm. I licked my lips as I went down on her nipples slowly alternating between the two by circling my tongue around her nipple. Every once in a while I would enclose my mouth round it and suck with a gentle nibble. She enjoyed this as she moaned with pleasure. I started to turn my attention towards her mid section my kissing her body as I made my way down. I opened her legs wide, as I kissed the inside of her thighs, slowly advancing towards her pussy. I wet my lips as I feasted my eyes on her shaved pussy. My heart was beating fast as I slowly opened her delicate flower and kissed the inside of her labia. I could feel her clit starting to throb with my encouraging tongue brushing over it. Every once a while I would place my lips over her pussy and suck hard. Her moans encouraged me to work my tongue harder as I smelled her sweet scent and tasted her wet pussy. It was then that I felt the bed move as Linda and Dave joined us.

I looked up and smiled as Linda smiled back. We gave each other a kiss as she reached down and pulled on my engorged member. This was all the encouragement I needed as Linda put a condom on me and moved my cock closer to Sammy's pleasure zone. Linda gripped my cock and teased Sammy by sliding it up and down her slit. Sammy was moving her hips hoping to have my cock slip inside her. I was so horny with the situation that it took everything not to explode. Sammy opened her legs wide inviting me to plunge my member inside her. Linda helped guide me into Sammy smiling as she know this is what I was longing for. I could feel her pussy slip around my cock as my head disappeared inside her along with every inch of my shaft. Sammy was so wet I could have easily pushed my full length inside her, but I stopped half way to enjoy the feeling of being inside another women. Linda saw this and moved around, put her hands on my hips and pushed me fully inside Sammy. Fuck, this was amazing as I started to move my cock out and then pushing it back inside Sammy. I gave Linda a kiss and she turned her attention towards Dave as he smiled at me fucking his wife.

I started fucking Sammy slowly, but she started to whisper for me to go faster as she was enjoying my cock. I allowed myself to move my cock inside her faster varying the length of the stroke with every once in a while removing my cock before plunging it back inside. I could feel her hips meeting my thrusts as her breath started to quicken. Her moans were encouragement for me to pleasure her more with the approval of Linda's watchful eye. Due to the situation I was feeling my sperm welling up inside me as Sammy wanted to fuck her harder. I slowed a bit, but she wanted to feel me explode inside her with my warm load of semen. She smiled at me and begged for me to cum inside her. I started to fuck her harder as I could feel my load starting to build up inside me. With a few strokes, I released this pent up energy by letting myself go as I deposited my load inside Sammy. I looked up to the gods for I could not believe that this has happened. My cock retreated as it slipped out of Sammy with the condom full of my goodness. Sammy was quick to remove it and start to squeeze its stickiness out of the condom. Linda looked on in excitement as she know she was next.

After my experience with Sammy, I was excited for Linda to have the same experience with Dave. I cuddled with Sammy as Dave helped Linda onto the bed. My eyes were fixated on Linda for she was preparing herself for fucking Dave. I could feel Sammy touch my naked body and fondle my glistening cock. I could see Dave start to eat Linda as she writhed with pleasure. I could hear the sounds of Dave eating Linda's pussy and could see his hand pumping up his cock. I knew that he was ready as he lifted himself up and moved into position between Linda's legs. He opened the condom package and placed the condom on his cock. I know that it was the time when Linda would feel Dave's cock inside her. I heard her gasp as Dave entered her body and started to thrust inside her. 

I looked at Linda's face as she expressed lustful pleasure of another man inside her. She looked at Dave before glancing my way with a satisfying smile. Dave was fucking Linda good as she bucked against his cock forcing him deeper inside her. She started to moan while Dave's thrusts started to slow a little. Dave let out a groan of pleasure as I knew he nutted inside my wife. He collapsed on top of Linda as Sammy turned her attention to removing the condom from Dave's cock. She moved around to Linda and offered her Dave's sperm from the condom. I was so turned on by the night, I wish it would not end. We spent the rest of the night with Dave and Sammy taking turns fucking each other's wives. This was a great first experience to which we look forward to our next encounter.