 Mark and I have been married for a few years before we started to talk about adding different experiences into our sex life. The opportunity to interact with another couple especially sexually was exciting to me. Mark was interested in a full swap encounter so he looked into this for us. We found a local club near our place to test the waters. I encouraged some rules to be established so we would feel comfortable with our adventure.

We decided to go to this swing club one Saturday to give it a try. I dressed up in a nice sexy outfit and made sure to trim my kitty so it would look pretty. We went early to get a feel for the place and the tour was attractive. I was intrigued with the back rooms of the club and what role they would place in our near future. In order to relax a bit and relieve a bit of the tension, we had a few drinks as other couples filtered in. I was interested in a few of the couples, but did not think that Mark would agree to something risky. I pointed out a nice couple that had been checking us out and my heart jumped when they started to approach us. He had a well built athletic look to him similar to some of the football players that I had fantasized about. Since I was flushed with excitement of my fantasy coming true, they introduced themselves as Dave and Sammy. 

I could not help but notice that Dave was staring at my lovely assets and I may have helped him by showing them off more than I usually do. Mark was being his usual confident self, but I was unsure if this will work. I was relieved when I felt Dave fix my hair and inconspicuously assessing my physic by playfully coping a feel of my left breast. He mentioned that he liked women that could fill a good cup size. I reassured him that my DD's would not disappoint. Mark could not hide his enthusiasm and I could see that his penis was rising like the fever inside me. This foreplay was making me warm and yearning for more especially to see what Dave was hiding under his pants. I reconfirmed with Mark that this was the couple we were going forward with. Dave and Sammy left to reserve a back room and after we passionately kissed, we proceeded to the back rooms with Dave and Sammy.

The room was more darkly lit than I remembered, but we continued to follow Dave and Sammy into the back. Since Dave and Sammy sensed our nervousness, they started to kiss and seductively touch each other as Mark and I watched. My heart was pounding as Mark started to kiss me. I could see that Dave started to undress Sammy and she had a smoking hot body and all I could do is hope that I did not disappoint. I was starting to feel horny so I undid Mark's pants and let his cock free from its denim cage. I started sucking Mark's cock and while bobbing up and down on his cock, I felt someone whisper in my ear, "Do you like some help?" I looked over and Sammy was excited to satisfy my man's expectations. I smiled and my assurance was implied. Before I left to keep Dave company, I whispered in Mark's ear, "I love you honey" to which he moaned.

With Mark enjoying his new partner, I turn my attention to Dave who was sitting watching Sammy go down on Mark. I knelt down and opened Dave's legs to expose his cock. MMMM, I could not wait to fully take his meat inside my mouth. I opened wide as I lowered my head down onto his semi hard member. I slowly sucked on its head as I fondled his balls with my hand. I could not believe that I was going to be with another man with Mark only feet away. Dave continued to grow in my mouth as I moved up and down along his shaft. I loved the taste of his precum that started to ooze from its tip. I could not help myself, but move my hand down my body. From a sensual cupping of my breasts to slipping my finger along my moistening slit. I could hear Dave starting to get into my rhythm but I had to be careful not to push him over the edge. As I pulled away from his cock, I noticed that Dave was fixated on my chest assets so I moved in. I placed his cock between my mounds of flex and squeezed them together. He gasped as he slide his fleshy rod between my tits. I threw my head back as I enjoyed his cock between my tits. I quickly glanced over and noticed that Mark and Sammy moved over to the bed with Sammy moaning as she enjoyed Mark eating her out. I did not know if I had a look of concern, but Dave stood up and helped me over to the bed.

We stood over Sammy and Mark watching with great intent as our inhibitions faded away. I could feel myself gravitate towards Dave's cock as he fingered my wet pussy. I helped seal the approval by kissing Mark passionately. With one hand on Mark's cock and the other on Dave's, we were some happy couples. I could see that Sammy was waiting to receive Mark's cock inside her so I helped him along by pulling him closer to her quim. Before I eased him inside her, I slowly painted the tip of his cock up and down her snatch. I could tell she enjoyed it from her writhing hips and growing moans. I did not want to overstimulate Mark so I started to guide his swollen gland into Sammy's nice, wet pussy. I was smiling with excitement as I witnessed Mark penetrating Sammy for the first time.

A first time he fucked another women since meeting me. I watched as he slide himself inside and could not believe that Mark did not give her the full length he was capable of. To help him along I positioned myself behind him and grabbed his hips with my hands. I pleasantly pushed forward fully impaling Sammy on Mark's cock and I could hear her gasp. Even though Dave has a longer penis, Mark's girth was substantially wider and I could tell Sammy was enjoying Mark's width. Once again, I move towards Mark as I passionately kissed him while fucking Sammy. This must have been a scene to see as Dave gave me a sexy look, I knew it would only be time before I would experience his full length inside my now moist pussy.

I did not want Mark to miss me fucking Dave, so I asked Dave if we could watch our partners fuck each other. I was getting so turned on with every stroke Mark made inside Sammy. I could tell by the look on Mark's face that he was enjoying himself inside another woman and restraining from cumming too soon. Mark was fucking her good when her words of encouragement to fuck her faster and harder were expressed more forcefully. I knew Mark was getting close with the concerned look on his face and I hoped that Sammy was ready to feel him explode inside her. I was getting more horny with the thought of Dave's cock thrusting inside me. With a mighty groan from Mark, I knew he blew his load inside Sammy and I could see that look of content on his facial expression. I watched as his cock softened and eased itself out of Sammy's gaping hole. I knew Mark enjoyed his experience, but now it was time for me to receive that same experience.

Dave assisted in laying me down on the bed as I felt his warm breath on my neck as he caressed my breasts. I closed my eyes in anticipation as he kissed me on the lips, then moving down my neck, to my breasts. He grasped both breasts in his hands and squeezed them together as he paid attention to each by licking the nipple. This sent shocks down my body and got my pussy throbbing. Dave continued to gently kiss his way down to my pelvic region as he started to massage my pussy lips with his fingers. His breath felt good against my small patch of pubic hair as he went down on my rose petals. Dave tugged gently on each exposing my little clit for his moist tongue. 

This made me warm with pleasure with waves of excitement flowing through my body. I could not wait for him to take his hard cock and penetrate my ready hole. I was so caught up in the moment that I did not care if he rode me bareback, I wanted that cock. I invited him to go inside by reaching for his hips and pulling them towards me. I opened my legs wider to encourage him to go deep. I felt his throbbing member between my legs and as his cock head penetrated me, I let out a little gasp of relief because this was finally happening. Dave wasted no time as he plunged his full length of his cock deep inside me. His length is something that I have not experienced so it took me by surprise. He started to fuck me gently as our eyes met lovingly with every stroke. I did glance over at Mark and Sammy as Dave fucked me good and fuck did he fuck me good. 

I grabbed his ass and pulled him tight to get the most of his hard shaft inside me. I did not know how long he would last, but I continued to thrust my hips higher and faster building momentum. I could hear him say to slow down, but I was so ready for him to erupt with his hot sticky load. Fuck, Fuck me harder. His eyes rolled back as I felt his cock start to spasm inside me. With one final thrust, I could feel his cock empty his sperm in my willing cunt. Since my pussy was not flooded with his sticky goodness, he must have found the condom. As I was enjoying Dave slip out of my slit, Sammy slowly removed the condom from Dave's cock and moved over to me. I licked the semen from it while I enjoyed the taste every last drop. I truly enjoyed our first time swapping partners and am looking forward to meeting with Dave and Sammy, maybe exploring some of my other fantasies.