 Getting the go ahead from Martin, Mark asked me if I wanted to go to a bed room. I said no, I wanted to stay where we were. I knew that if we left the room I would lose my nerve and also I wanted to stay near Martin. Even though I was sure I was ready for it, I still wanted the security of having Martin close. Also I kind of liked the thought of him watching another man touch me.

So Mark pulled me up from my chair and sat me on top of the table. He positioned himself between my legs and I could feel how ready he was to slip into me as he rubbed himself against me. I moaned gently as he began to suck on my neck. His hands slipped up my thighs under my skirt, when he reached my panties, he hooked his fingers under the elastic and slowly pulled them down. As he pulled them past my knees he captured my mouth with his and kissed me so passionately that I was putty in his hands.

I glanced sideways to see Martin. He was sitting on a chair with sharon sitting astride him. He had one hand on her pert breast and the other was on her naked ass. His eyes were rolling in his head, she obviously felt good. For a fleeting second I did find myself worrying if she felt better than me, but then I felt Mark press against my opening. My eyes left Martin and immediately found Marks. He was gently pressing into me, waiting to see if I would freak out. But I knew I wanted this so I pushed myself onto his cock. He easily slid into me. He wasn't as long as Martin, but he was definitely wider. I could feel my pussy stretch around his girth and I loved it. 

As he filled me completely, my head rolled back and I let out a deep moan. Mark must have liked the sound because he instantly quickened his pace. As he was pumping into me I became aware of a pair of eyes on me. I looked to my left and saw Martin gazing at me. He had a look of pure lust on his face. Even though Sharon was riding him hard I could tell that he was more interested in watching me get fucked by a stranger.

Apparently Sharon picked up on Martins distraction, she stopped gyrating and followed Martins stare. Now they were both watching their partners fucking each other. They were both obviously enjoying the show and Sharon slipped off Martin and walked over towards Mark. Mean while Martin seemed stuck to the chair, I got worried that he was regretting getting us into this because he was just sat there watching as Mark fucked me. But then I saw his hand move slowly towards his hard cock, his eyes never left mine as he slowly started to stroke himself. 

I glanced around to see where Sharon was and found her standing behind Mark. She was kissing his neck as she watched his cock slide in and out of me. She seemed mesmerised by the sight. I don't know if it was his cock or my wet pussy that she liked more, but I wished I could see what she was seeing. Mark's pace had slowed considerably, his head was rolling back onto Sharons shoulder and he was moaning with each thrust. 

The slow pace felt amazing and I loved being watched. I could see the lust in Sharons eyes as she watched her husband pushing deep into me. Just as I laid back on the table I felt a soft hand on my thigh. I jumped slightly and saw that it was Sharons hand. She was reaching around Mark to touch me. My eyes were fixated on her slender hand as it gently rubbed up and down my thigh, it felt so nice and soft on my skin. I had never been touched so sensually by another woman and I must admit that I enjoyed it. As her hand slowly roamed higher I found myself willing her to go even higher. I wanted to feel her hands on my most delicate area. I had never even considered the thought of allowing another woman touch me there, but now I wanted to explore all of my sexuality. 

So as her hand snaked upwards I thrust towards her hand, letting her know what I wanted. Mark had stopped all movement, he was just half inside me as he watched Sharons hand. He watched, mesmerised as she slowly caressed my public hair. He gasped as her hand reached my swollen clit. He moaned as her fingers trailed along my wet lips. When she reached my sopping entrance he pulled out of me completely. 

Martin had gotten off his chair to get a better view. He was stood by the end of the table, transfixed on the show that was taking place right infront of his eyes, I knew he had always fantised about me with another woman but I had always told him no. He still had his cock firmly in his hand but he had stopped his walking. He obviously couldn't believe what was happening. 

As Sharon slipped two fingers into me I lay back onto the table, the feeling of another womans hand inside me really turned me on, I loved the tender way she was moving her hand, it was like she knew exactly how to touch me. She knew what I wanted before I even did. 

Mark moved behind Sharon so she could have more access to what was between my legs and he could have access to her naked tits. Martin meanwhile moved closer to me for the same reason. His free hand pulled my top aside so he could have access to my tits, once my lacy bra was exposed he slipped his hand inside and pinched hard on my erect nipple. As o moaned in pleasure he told me how sexy I looked right now and how fucking hard it made him to watch me get finger fucked by another woman. 

The sound of his voice talking dirty to me always turned me on and I pressed against Sharons hand. I felt free and easy and I needed her to fuck me harder with her soft fingers. Sharon started talking dirty to me too, she was telling me how good my pussy felt and that she wondered how it tasted. I was surprised to find that I actually needed her to taste it. I wanted to feel how good her mouth would feel on me. But I wasn't brave enough to tell her that. 

So I was delighted to hear Mark tell her that she should bend over and find out. I moaned in anticipation as I felt Sharons lips on my inner thigh, I wanted to feel her hot tongue on me, I wanted her to lick me clean. I also wanted Martin to see another woman between my legs, I knew he would love it. I glanced at him, just to make sure he was still OK. He had the biggest smile on his face and his hand was rubbing his cock frantically. As I was watching him pleasure himself I felt hot lips gentle suck my pussy. Sharon had finally tasted my juices. She moaned with pleasure as she ran her tongue along my clit, I bucked against her face at the feeling.

The sensations that were running through me at that moment were amazing. I felt so turned on and powerful at that point, I had two men that were loving watching me get pleasured and a woman that was loving tasting me. As Sharons tongue got braver I saw Mark position himself behind her, I knew he was lining up to take her from behind. As he slid inside her she moaned against me and that sent vibrations through me. 

As Mark pulsed into her, she pressed three fingers into my opening. All the while her mouth never left my pussy. So with Mark fucking Sharon and Sharon finger fucking me and Martin roughly squeezing my tits while he wanked it wasn't long before I was close to the end. Martin knew me so well that he knew that I was close. So when he told me to let go I proceeded to cum hard allover Sharons face. I had never cum so hard in my life. I actually squirted. As my cum poured allover Sharons face I felt Martins cum hit my chest. At the sight of my cum pouring out of me Sharon let out a loud moan as she came too. Then with two more trusts into Sharon, Mark came undone too. 

We had all finished within seconds of each other, the place was a mess but we were all happy and content. 

I can't wait for my next attempt at swinging...