 Mia had just come out of the shower and as many times before, was preparing to seductively dress her slinky body for the married man Thorne who she had been having an affair with for a few months already. She had beautiful long flowing brunette hair and the face of an angel. 

While she was slipping on her black lace bodice with matching g-string and hold up suspender stockings, she was admiring how the g-string snuggly wrapped her shapely ass and cushioned her lady lumps. Thinking about what was to come and playing the scenario over and over in her mind, she slipped on a tight black dress and met her man at the door.

Naturally, he was much older than she was but she had come to learn that older men make far better lovers as they are experienced and only willing to give pleasure and how they gave pleasure, she knew well. Thorne's stature was slightly taller with dark hair and dark eyes that smoldered even the hard to get. Thorne's husky, sultry voice turned her on each time he spoke.

As she got in the car and began to buckle up, he reached over and slid his firm hand up her thigh slowly and whispered in her ear "Baby, I have a surprise for you tonight and I want you to just let go and enjoy every minute of it". 

Thorne slowly ran his hand inch by inch up her thigh, teasingly brushing up against her already semi-moist g-string as she gave a sigh of pleasure; knowing that it was only going to get far wilder.

Thorne's husky voice spoke again and she felt it vibrating within her as he spoke "Be a good girl now and don't spoil the surprise my little tease, turn around..."

As she turned her well sculpted shoulder and back to him, he draped a blindfold over her eyes "Tonight's your night". 

She wasn't afraid but excited eventhough she couldn't see a thing, she knew he knew how to please her and now it would be so more erotic as her every sense was heightened. He ran his fingers across her neck and down the small of her back and gently turned her around. 

She was already in ecstasy with the sultry voice making her wetter and wetter with every word he spoke and the fine hairs on her neck stood on end from the thrill. He slid his hand back up her soft inner thigh, teasing her by just gently brushing against her g-string and working his way back to her thigh. She bit her lip and moaned gently as his hand worked its way back up and under her g-string. He could feel that she was already wet and throbbing for more as he spoke in her ear "That's it, let go...you're so wet baby and its turning me on. God, you're so beautiful and sexy when you're vulnerable". With one finger deep within her and the other stroking her clitoris in slow, gentle actions, her legs began to shake and she purred like a little minx. With his other hand, he grabbed her by the hair and ran his tongue up her neck while she orgasmed. The flow of her juices made Thorne hard and he sucked his fingers to savour her taste as if it was the last time he was going to taste her. He then started the car and drove to their destination.

As he stopped the car, he opened her door and offered his hand "Come baby, we're here and you'll love it". 

Blindfolded and not knowing what to expect, she climbed out the car as he leaded her in and up a flight of stairs until they seemed to stop to open a door. Every wild emotion was running deep within her now and the excitement of what could be waiting rushed down her spine and into her stomach making it warm and spasming with anticipation. As he closed the door, he took the blindfold off and revealed a seductively lit room with a soft feathery bed and champagne on ice. The sultry voice which made her so horny spoke "Don't say anything, just enjoy and trust me...whatever I tell you to do, you do...this is your night baby and I want to see your perfect breasts glisten and your body shimmer with passion."

She nodded knowing that he's in control and that he would ensure a sensual pleasure like no other. As she stood in the middle of the room, he undressed himself revealing that sculpted chest line of his, his tight ass and his rock hard penis. Expecting him to come over and touch her, she soon realized that there was a large lounge chair to which he went and lay in. She noted that the chair was facing the bed in full view as he sipped on his champagne. 

From behind she could hear the door open and a soft breath blew over the back of her neck. She turned to see a blonde bombshell standing in front of her in a red lace bra and g-string. Her piercing blue eyes fixated on Mia's body. "Hi, I'm Jennifer and I don't want you to speak at all, just feel what I make you feel as Thorne wants to see your body fold and melt to the sweet surrender to another woman." 

Mia gleamed over Jennifer's perky breasts tucked away like forbidden fruit behind her bra as Jennifer turned and led her to the bed. Jennifer offered her glass of champagne which Mia took willingly and continued to eye every curve of Jennifer's body as she sipped the bubbly. Jennifer took the glass and placed it on the table and gently pushed Mia onto her stomach on the bed. The blonde bombshell straddled Mia and began to give her a soft massage. Mia sighed as Jennifer softly kissed her ear and neck. "What would you like me to do to you Mia or let's rather ask Thorne what he'd like?"

Mia nodded gently in anticipation to hear what Thorne would say. She heard the sultry voice from the lounger "Jen, I would like you to please my honey. Take her...start slow but break that wild filly in...Touch her like she's never been touched before." 

Jennifer nods and pushes Mia's hands up to one of the four posters of the feathery bed and ties them to the poster with a silky ribbon. She grabs Mia's brunette locks and pulls her head right back to where it's so sensually pleasurable that it's almost pain. She kisses and sucks in Mia's bottom lip, slowly enveloping her tongue around Mia's and the all familiar minx purr releases from Mia's full mouth. 

Jennifer strokes her hand down Mia's neck and pushes her head back down. This is unfamiliar territory to Mia and she begins to think to herself how sensual and a turn on all this gently and then forceful play is. Jennifer slowly kisses Mia's shoulders, runs her tongue down Mia's spine and to the small of her back. Mia purrs harder and Thorne smiles "That's it Jen, now touch her and make it last 'till she feels that she can't take anymore". 

Thorne grows harder with every move but he enjoys the pleasure of Mia and waits for he will have her soon. Jen slowly slides her tongue to Mia's folds of her shapely ass and slides her tongue up the groove and in. Mia screams softly and pulls her hands but cannot break the release of the tie. Jen slides her tongue down and into Mia's wet genitals, stroking it in deep and then shallow, teasing Mia's clitoris with a flick of her tongue followed by long and firm strokes up and down Mia's inner labia. 

Mia tries desperately to free herself to touch this seductive stranger but she can't...Mia's screams become louder as her body writhes with pleasure. "Fuck her with your tongue Jen" Thorne orders as he watches. 

Jennifer obeys the command and uses her tongue to fuck her hard and slow as she slides a finger in to heighten the pleasure. Mia screams louder and louder as her body spasms till she explodes. Mia's so wet now and Jen laps up Mia's cum.

"Untie her now Jen" the sultry voice orders. 

"Mia, baby, turn around and kiss Jen...nice and slow...yip, that's it". 

Mia complies and gives Thorne a seductive stare while kissing Jennifer. "Now Mia baby, touch her. Show me how you touch her." 

Thorne takes another sip of his champagne to try and calm himself as his young filly has him as hot-blooded as a race horse now. She slides her hands over Jen's hard nipples and sucks them. Jen on her knees tilts her head back and groans. 

Mia runs her tongue down Jen's breasts and down to her stomach. Thorne can see that Mia is on all fours now and can see her glistening labia staring at him from behind and loves every minute of it. Jen notices Thorne's stare and slides her hand down Mia's back and inserts her finger into Mia's wet lady bits. Thorne smiles as he watches the two girls go. 

Mia runs her tongue down to Jen's labia and sucks both her lips gently in her mouth. Jen works Mia's lady bits with her finger in anticipation while Mia flicks her tongue over Jen's clitoris and sucks it into her mouth. Jen begins to writhe from pleasure, groaning and works Mia harder and harder to make sure that Mia continues to hold up her end of the bargain. Thorne moves his lounger closer so that he can see Mia's honey pot dripping and watches how she diligently licks and sucks Jen's honey pot. 

"Harder...harder...don't stop..." screams Jen. 

Mia's lady bits are now dripping with orgasm and glistens in the candlelight as Thorne grows harder and harder, his penis now throbbing for Mia's honey pot. Jen gushes with orgasm as Mia licks harder and harder. Jen gets up and walks over to Thorne and sticks her Mia moistened finger in his mouth and says 

"Ok honey, I did what you asked, now how about payment?" Thorne reaches for his wallet and pays Jen her fee and watches how the blonde's wet but satisfied lady lumps walk out the door.

Thorne sips his champagne as Mia rolls onto her back and touches herself. The glow is now emanating from Mia's body and the sultry voice beams again 

"Did you enjoy it my sex kitten? You sure purred for me tonight". 

He gets up and strolls over to the bed with his rock hard penis. He tastes Mia's wet lady bits and it's good. Mia writhes as he brings her close to orgasm with his skillful tongue. He rolls her over and slowly edges the tip of his penis into Mia's wet honey pot. 

The sensation is overwhelming for Mia and she asks

"Fuck me Thorne; fuck me real hard, I want you." 

Thorn deepens each stroke, long and slow as Mia grabs Thorne's ass with her nails as she purrs harder than before. Standing behind her while she's on all fours, Thorne gives her a hard shaft and she begs

"Fuck me baby, fuck me like never before". 

He runs his fingers over Mia's ass and down the groove. Mia screams as Thorne increases the pace, fucking her little wet honey pot harder and harder. 

Mia's lady bits get wetter and wetter and drips as she screams. Thorne fucks harder and deeper, feeling every inch within her until he begins to shudder and groan. Thorne fucks the little filly harder and faster as she made him so horny. 

He fucks harder until he climaxes. He's spent but loves her body's reaction to his shafting. He rolls her over so that he can smoke a cigarette 

"You're the best fuck I've ever had and I don't want it to ever end...my little honey, promise me, you'll always stay my secret erotic fuck".  Mia nods and gently kisses Thorne as she gets dressed.

Thorne falls asleep dreaming about Mia's heavenly honey pot and Mia quietly leaves the hotel until next time.