 It seems I am forever working to force my boyfriend out of his sexual "shell." I am adventurous, kinky; I feel like I have my whole life ahead of me, so I might as well get the most out of everything, including sex. Yet I find myself in love with a guy who might as well be the Charlie Brown of the erotic. I'll whisper my fantasies in his ear, run my nails across the urgent strain of his cock, feeling my pussy throb with the thoughts, interminable possibilities pulsing through my head, and the most that will happen is a passionate kiss and some mediocre fucking. Good, yes, but painfully silent on his part.

My moans and whimpers sound out of place along with his simple, husky breaths. I ask him over and over, "What do you want? What turns you on? What's your biggest fantasy?" but my queries are met with a boyish, embarrassed grin and a change of subject or some disappointingly ordinary sex. One day, however, we had a conversation that changed things. "Come on," I had asked him playfully. "There's nothing that turns you on, more than anything in the world?" 

"No!" he said. I was getting impatient. 

"Well, what do you think of when you jerk off?" I asked. "You must think of something." He had his arms around my waist, his face buried in my hair. I turned and kissed him on the cheek. He cracked his lips a bit as though a sound was about to come through, but hesitated. 

"Come on! Say it!" I begged. 

"I think about you." He said, smiling. It was good; a start. I shifted on top of him and put one hand on his thigh. 

"What about me?" I questioned flirtatiously. He was blushing. It made him look cute. 

"You... I don't know... in a skirt." 

"Just a skirt?" I asked, running my hand towards his groin. "Or a skirt without any panties?" 

"Without any." He grinned. "Easy access." I was becoming very turned on by his surprising eagerness to talk. I like powerful guys; I am a person who's involved in a lot and in control of all of it, and the thought of losing that control during sex is incredibly hot. His cock pushed against my flat stomach, and I paused to play with my belly button ring, making sure to brush him in a teasing manner. 

"And..." He trailed off. 

"What?" I asked. He glided a finger through a strand of my red hair. 

"You and me and another girl, that would be nice," he added. "You probably guessed that, though, it's like every guy's fantasy." I had assumed it, but hearing him say it was shocking. I felt an initial pang of jealousy at the thought of him and another girl, but I had to submit to the excitement of the idea. Like I said, I am always up for experimenting, and, although I hadn't told anyone directly, I had always wanted to try things with another girl. It wasn't because I wanted a relationship with one, or I wanted to please one or vice versa; the thrill in the idea was that it would turn on the guy involved. 

"I would love to do that, only if it was someone I'm not friends with, because that would be way too awkward, and she would have to be hot, by my standards. "

"What are your standards?" he asked. His cock was incredibly hard. I had begun massaging it through his pants. 

"Hmm... actually, someone a lot like me." I said. I am 5'6, 120 pounds with red hair, green eyes, fair skin, and a body that crunches and seasons of field hockey and track have sculpted into something on which I can find nothing I'd like to change. I have large, bright eyes and a B breasts—not too big, not too small—and a tight, shaved pussy. "She'd have to be amazing. This would have to be in the right environment, like a party with lots of drinking," I said, grinning slyly at him as I felt his cock stiffen further. I unzipped his pants and took it down my throat, swirling my tongue around its head, and that was the last time we talked about his fantasies... until the party. 

It had been a long week of tedious assignments and grueling practices without any breaks for fun at all. Yet I had gotten through the week rather happily with the thought of our conversation in my head. "What if's" and "maybe's" raced through my head. Finally, Saturday came around. I went for a six-mile run, took a lengthy shower, and put on my favorite skirt, a short, tight, black leather number I wore to our Halloween dance when I had gone as a dominatrix, and blow-dried my hair into a shimmering rouge cascade. My friends picked me up and we went to the party together. 

When we entered, all eyes were on us—perfume and glittering tops and jewelry an aberration from our usual ultra-casual look. The setting was perfect; a giant house in a rural area, so there was virtually no chance of cops showing up. The five of us girls immersed ourselves in several games of beer pong, the music thudding and people laughing and chilling as the alcohol's aphrodisiac effect took place. Soon we were all trashed and horny; the fun had begun. I walked through the house, mingling with everyone in drunken affability, looking for my boyfriend. Everything was sensual, especially the music. 

My pussy was dripping wet, and I was worried that people would see a rivulet of cum down my inner thigh. I noticed a girl I had never seen before as I talked to a few people. She was about my height with brown hair, brown eyes, and the most beautiful face I had ever seen. She was thin, her ass perfect in lowriders, her hair in the same style as mine, flowing freely. She was looking at me, smiling. I realized I was staring and forced myself back into the conversation, but I was preoccupied. The beer and Bacardi soon made me forget her, though, and I spotted my boyfriend with a few of his friends. Hs face immediately flushed when he saw my skirt. 

"You look great." He was clearly impressed. 

"You like it?" I asked coyly. I gestured for him to come, then pulled him up to me against a wall and kissed him with such deep wetness and electricity that I nearly had an orgasm. I wrapped my legs around his back, my flip flops falling to the ground, and he pushed two fingers inside me so suddenly I moaned out loud, my eyes rolling back. His friends were still standing nearby, watching. Although turned on by it, I wanted to be alone with him. He apparently felt the same way and led my into a dark room, shutting the door behind. He carried me to the bed and laid me down. The room was spinning. I closed my eyes and gave up trying to be aware of all that was going on. He thrust my skirt up past my waist and spread my legs wide open. I felt the bed moisten beneath my burning pussy. Whimpers and little obscenities were escaping my parted lips, begging him to fuck me. 

"Please, god please, I need you... I need you inside me," I heard myself pleading. 

"Not yet," he said, his fingertip flicking my clit, sending bolts of pleasure up my spine. I arched my back, trying to impale myself on his finger. I had never been hornier in my life. I guess he sensed it, sensed that perhaps he had an opportunity that wouldn't exist normally, and brought up the past week's conversation. 

"You want to try it out? I'll let you pick the girl," he proposed. He licked up and down my slit, making me buck my hips softly, while he waited for my answer. 

"Yes," I said, "and I already know the girl, if she is willing." I put on the articles of clothing I had just shed and led him through the house on a search for this mysterious girl. The beer pong table had turned into a truth or dare table in our absence. Two of my friends were making out for 20 dollars to the sound of a dozen cheering guys. When they finished, one of the guys yelled, "okay, who will eat out another chick? Come on girls... 50 bucks!" All the guys were cheering. Then, out of a shadowy corner of the room, stepped the girl from earlier. She held up her beer and said, "I'll do it!" to the uproarious sound of appreciative, drunken males. 

"What's your name?" asked one of them. She flipped her hair and took a chug. 

"Ally." She accidentally dropped her can and bent over to retrieve it, revealing a bright red, lacy thong. My jaw dropped. Everyone noticed, because there was a third eruption of cheers of, "Hell yea, Sarah! Dude, this is unbelievable!" She straightened and looked me in the eye. Her brown lenses were piercing. She grinned at me, and I winked at her. Just a little gesture to get the crowd going. She walked over to me, grabbed my head in her hands, and kissed me, her tongue spreading my lips, her hand reaching down to my tight ass. 

I ran my hand through her hair and felt down her medium-sized breasts to her pussy. I could feel its heat and contours through her skin-tight pants. The applause and cheering was overwhelming. Finally, we broke the kiss. I whispered in her ear, "would you be interested in a threesome?" She said yes before I had time to finish the sentence. To the dismay of the partygoers, the three of us ran off to the dark room and locked the door. I couldn't believe I was really doing this. Ally and I were sprawled on the bed, kissing with intoxicated feverishness. 

"Keep going," my boyfriend said. He had taken his cock out of his pants. "I'll join you in a little while." Knowing he was watching was even more of a turn on than Ally was. I pulled off her black tank top, leaving her in a red, lacy bra and jeans, and she removed mine as well. I sucked on her lower lip, moving my hands across her perfect torso, marveling at how soft and different she felt. She unhooked my leopard-print bra and squeezed my breasts, pinching my nipples. I moaned into the kiss and tore off her bra. Her silky hair hung over her face and I brushed it back. Our two tangled bodies twisted, switching positions, so that I was now straddling her. I leaned over and enclosed her rosy nipple in my lips. She gasped. 

"Ohh Sarah, that feels so good, don't stop..." she whispered. Her eyes closed. I shot a sidelong glance at my boyfriend, who was staring in awe. I smiled sensuously at him and mouthed, "you like watching me do this, don't you?" I returned to Ally's nipple, lightly biting at it with my white teeth and feeling her moan under me. I slowly traced my hand down her flat belly, nearing her pussy, letting the tension build for her. She was writhing. 

"God, I can't take it," she cried, escaping from under me, and unzipped my skirt. With a kiss, she laid my head down and sank her tongue into my soaking pussy, darting across my clit with purely feminine softness. She knew exactly where to focus. I was close to cumming in a matter of moments, my head thrown back, crying out. 

"You like that?" she asked. My eyes met her beautiful brown ones staring from my pussy. 

"Yes... you are so good, Ally," I moaned breathlessly. "Keep going, please..." I begged, but then the desire to taste her overtook my need for release. I moved out from the reach of her tongue and kissed her, tasting my own bittersweet cum. I unzipped her pants and pulled them off her smooth ass, throwing them on the floor. She pulled her lacy panties down to her ankles. I slid a finger into her, amazed at how wet and hot she was inside, and brought it hard against her G-spot. I circled and flicked her clit with my tongue, sucking on it forcefully. She bucked uncontrollably, gasping. 

"It's too much... it's too much, I need... to eat yours too... it's too intense..." she groaned sexily. 

"Alright," I said as she pulled me into a 69 position, her sitting on my face, her tongue darting into me from above. I spread her pussy lips and licked passionately, moaning against the burning, soaking flesh as she mirrored my actions. The pleasure was growing and building, reaching that shattering pinnacle. My whole body was on fire. 

"I'm going to cum," I stammered into her, sucking harder. 

"Me too," she cried. "Soon." I wasn't going to let myself go until she did. I pulled back from her tongue a bit, holding until I heard her moans turn to screams, and we came in a smooth, drunken, hot unconsciousness. She scooted up next to me, playing with my hair. We both lay with our heads in our hands, smiling at my boyfriend, who had stripped down to his boxers. A string of cum trickled down his pants, thrown on the floor. 

"Well?" Ally asked him. "Aren't you going to come here?" He needed no further invitation and was beside us before I knew it. 

"Sarah, did you like eating her pussy?" he asked. 

"Yes. "

"Do it again," he said. Hearing him so commanding was a tremendous turn on. I lay gracefully down, licking her. She went limp at the feeling. I opened my eyes and saw her reach out to my boyfriend's cock, drawing it towards her mouth. She opened her glossy lips and swallowed all of it, pumped hard up and down his shaft. He pulled my face to his and kissed me, and I pushed two wet fingers into Ally's tight, almost virginal pussy. She reciprocated, sucking his cock and fingering me while he and I kissed. 

"Is this what you wanted?" I whispered to him. On his face was a look of ecstasy. "Is this your fantasy?" He gulped and said, "god yeah, baby, yes." I went back to eating Ally's pussy as she sucked his cock. Her cheeks, pulled in from the suction, were flushed and her eyes wide. 

"Come here," he told Ally, and she crawled towards him. I gave her a kiss, and he bent her over. He held her pussy open for an agonizing moment, driving her crazy with anticipation, and drove his throbbing cock into her. She cried out. Stifling her cries in my pussy, she licked furiously as my boyfriend fucked her from behind. He buried himself in her as far as he could go. 

He leaned down to kiss me as he fucked her, her perfect ass high in the air as he rammed into her. Our moans grew to a chaotic height, the three of us cumming in unison, Ally pushing a finger deep inside me, my boyfriend cumming into the dark heat inside of her, Ally stiffening and groaning between us. After, we laid on the covers, Ally and I caressing each other and kissing delicately. When the three of us came out of the room we were greeted by the enthusiastic cheers of partygoers begging to see some of what happened. Ally and I put on a little show for them. All in all, it was a night to remember. My boyfriend came out of his "shell," and although it's not something we do often, we learned what turns the other on in the best possible way.