 My wife and I lay in bed; she beginning to doze and me a bit disappointed. What I had thought was going to be the kinkiest, craziest night of sex had turned out to be a dud. Nothing had happened and it looked like nothing was going to happen. In our living room, on our pull-out sofa, Paul was feeling the same way.

I lay next to her, both of us in our underwear. Paul walked past the bedroom door, paused to look in, and continued to the bathroom. He paused when he returned, too, but did not continue to the sofa. After a few seconds I volunteered, "I don't think anything's gonna happen. She's pooped."

He didn't leave. He had been invited down by my wife for sex, but cold feet set in and nothing was ever initiated. Was it too late? A few more seconds passed. "We could try," I suggested.

Without saying anything, he entered the bedroom. I stood and walked to the side of the bed and kneeled next to my wife. Paul sat on the bed next to her, where I had just vacated. She was lying on her stomach. I began to rub her back. Gently, as not to startle her from her doze, I asked, "Want a back rub?" She nodded. I began to caress her bare back and Paul joined me. "We're gonna give you a nice back rub. How's that feel? You like us rubbing your back?" She nodded again. She was beginning to stir and realized I was speaking in plural and there were four hands rubbing her. She must have been thrilled. What we had all gotten together for... what we had all been too nervous to initiate... was beginning. I caressed her left side; Paul her right. I was the first to knead her ass and Paul soon joined in on her right cheek. She loves having her ass rubbed.

We continued massaging her back and ass. We expanded to her thighs, her arms, her ribs, and the sides of her breasts. "Why don't you turn over?" I suggested, and she turned to her right and lay on her left side. Her beautiful breasts facing Paul, he began to touch her there. I continued massaging her back and butt, her right ribs, and her right breast. She soon completed her turn and lay upon her back, her right side toward me.

The massaging continued on her front. Her breasts, gently over her stomach, soft touches on her thighs, fingers running through her pubic hair. I kissed her chest first. Soft, sweet kisses proceeding to sucking and licking. I love her breasts, although tonight for the first time I was sharing them, and I only had the pleasure of her right one. Paul soon joined in and began to kiss her left breast. I wanted her to feel sensations she could not feel with me alone, so I made sure there were times when two mouths were on her at once.

She kissed Paul first. She propped herself up on her elbow and kissed him passionately. I watched them kiss. I saw their jaws rise and fall, their cheeks invert and revert. I inched up her body to be near her face. She turned to me and kissed me with great passion. As we kissed, Paul went back to kissing her breasts. He kissed his way up and soon they were making out again. Then my turn again. I felt her jaw tremble. She pulled away and whispered, "I'm shaking." "It's OK," I said soothingly, "It's OK. It's really cool."

As I was soothing my wife, I realized Paul had inched his mouth down this time. He was eating her sweet pussy juices. Her juices flowed liberally with all this mental and physical stimulation. As he ate her out, I continued to kiss her chest, neck, and face.

We soon switched places. Her pussy tasted so good. Still sweet and juicy, even though Paul had just eaten there. As I ate her, she began to open Paul's belt and pants. When his cock was free, she stroked it. It was already hard, as was mine. She bent herself forward and took his cock in her mouth. I was very turned on by the kinkiness, the stimulation, and my wife's aggressiveness. I ate heartily.

I watched her suck his cock. She soon took him deep throat. From my vantage point between her legs, I could see her lower lip against his balls. Her tongue darted in and out, massaging his shaft. I know how great that feels; she's done it to me countless times. I knew she was showing off. In our fantasizing about this moment, she told me how she wanted to impress him. I knew she was succeeding. She began to bob her head up and down on his cock. He ran his fingers gently through her hair. I stopped eating her pussy and slowly kissed my way up to her chest. I wanted to see more, closer, in the dim light. I was fascinated.

I positioned myself kneeling on the bed next to her head. She must have known what I was thinking, for she let Paul's dick fall out of her mouth and turned to me. Soon my cock was deep in her mouth. She sucked hungrily, licking and nibbling in that masterful way of hers. She was lying on her right side with her torso twisted around so she could suck me straight on. Paul disrobed and positioned himself behind her. I thought he might eat her more, but he was ready to move on.

Paul grabbed her hips and turned her, guiding her into a hands-and-knees position. She never stopped sucking my dick. Paul positioned himself behind her and rubbed his cockhead against her slick cunt. He was lubed. My wife moaned as her first new lover in over 3 years entered her.

We formed a human letter "H" with my wife as the crossbar, taking my cock deep in her throat while Paul pumped his dick in and out of her hot box. She seemed to love it. She sucked me so intensely that I neared climax. However I wanted to save my orgasm for later, so I pulled away.

I took a few steps back and watched Paul fuck my wife doggie style. It didn't last long. Without my cock in her face, she decided to change position. She pulled away from Paul removing his cock. She then lay on her back and guided him into her again. In this position she got the visual effect: this wasn't her husband fucking her. She pulled her knees up and they pumped each other wildly. My climactic feelings had subsided, so I approached her face again. She turned her head to me and once again took my cock into her mouth as Paul pumped her from above. What a view she must have had of both of us towering over her while feeling a cock in both her mouth and pussy. I pulled back again to watch. After a couple more minutes, Paul came. He moaned as he left his load deep inside her. He removed himself and lay down next to my wife.

Next I laid upon her and kissed her deeply. I was so proud. She was doing something that many people would love to do but are afraid to try. She's done it. It took guts. I guided my still hard cock into her pussy. It was still tight and it felt great. Paul's cum was a great lubricant and we pumped each other hard. After a few minutes I was ready to pop and I shot my load in her, too.

Then we all laid in bed together, my wife in the middle. We talked about what we just did. We marveled and laughed at our escapade. Then we all lay on our left sides, my wife spooning into me and Paul spooning into her.

Knowing that they both had to wake up early, I assumed we would sleep. My wife, who had just been fucked twice, felt the same way. Paul did not.

He began by caressing her arm, then ribs, breast, and hip. He reached between her and I to massage her breasts, and I inched away to give him room to work. He rubbed her breasts and worked his way down to her mound. Eventually she turned to him and kissed him. She was in no mood to say no. Their kissing turned passionate as my wife lay on her back and Paul positioned himself above her. But this position was not to last. My wife had already decided that she was going to be in charge for this round. She positioned Paul on his back. She quickly strode him and guided him into her pussy. She rode him many different ways. She'd bounce at the knee. She'd sit still and merely pivot her hips. She'd get on her feet and buck her hips wildly. I stood at the side of the bed and watched. She rode him until he came. She guided Paul out form under her and had me lie down. She was soon repeating the whole sex scene with me. As Paul watched, she rode me until I again filled her with cum.

I was very proud. She fucked the two of us twice. She took four loads into her pussy. It was a great initiation into multi-partner sex. Surely we'd be doing this again.