 Me and My friends

I can still remember the first time I was able to tell someone I was bi-curious. It had been my best friend, Tim. I was strongly attracted to him, he was lean, tall, had a great smile, and a deep brown skin. I wasn't so bad myself I guess, medium build, short brown hair, muscular. At one point, his girlfriend and I had almost gotten together before they dated: she was fine. Shoulder length brown hair, cute little glasses, a great body – nice perky breasts and a tight ass. 

One day, Tim and I were talking at work, about all kind of things. I finally got the courage to get something off my chest, "Tim, can I tell you something?"

Time looked at me, frowning, "You can always tell me anything, man. You know that."

"Well, this thing is kind of big..." I hesitated. "I think I'm bi."

Tim just looked at me, "What makes you say that?"

I sighed, then got the courage to tell him, "Because I'm attracted to you."

Just like Tim, he played it off like no big deal, "Well, I've got a girlfriend man, so I don't know how to help you."

I shrugged, "I know, I just needed to tell someone."

"Yeah, I understand. Hey listen, why don't you come hang at our place tonight?" We then proceeded to make plans. Some Xbox, hanging out, and just having fun.

Since we worked in the food industry, we both decided to shower when we got there. I showered first, then hung out in the living room while he rinsed off. Alysia, his girlfriend, said something about being tired and ventured to bed early in the evening. I sat on the living room floor, setting up my laptop until Tim came out.

Finally, about twenty minutes later, Tim came out in only his boxers. Normally I would be concerned, but he was known for frequently walking around his place with little clothing, no matter who was there. I was surprised when he approached me, his cock poking out of the boxers at eye level. He looked down at me and smiled, "You want to try it?"

I looked up at him nervously, "You sure? Is Alysia ok with this?"

"Yeah, I talked to her. She wanted me to let you try it out. At least this way you'll know if you are and can have a definite answer." He grinned, the head of his cock just showing through his boxers.

I got up on my knees, "Alright." I said. My heart was beating a mile a minute as I reached towards the bulge in front of me. I pulled his cock out of his boxers, and it was amazing. It must have been eight inches long, and extremely thick. I opened my mouth, licking the mushroom tip of his massive dick. I felt him rest his hand on my head, his large and rough fingers rustling my hair. I began sucking the tip as my hand stroked his massive cock. I sucked in another inch, and felt his other hand grab my head, gripping it tightly. As my mouth closed tightly around his shaft, his hips bucked involuntarily, surprising me a little. I felt him begin to thrust, inching his cock into my mouth. I loved the feeling, a massive dick filling my mouth, precum dripping off the tip onto my tongue, his hands grabbing me. As inch after inch entered my mouth, I began gagging slightly as it went down my throat. This only encouraged him to thrust harder. Soon, his entire cock was down my throat, his balls resting on my chin. His thick meat pulsed in my throat, my breath obstructed as his fingers held me down tightly, moaning as my tongue rubbed under his shaft. 

He pulled out, looking at me, "How is it?"

Surprisingly, I grinned up at him, "It's great." I licked the precum off my lip, "I didn't know you liked to be so rough." 

"I'm sorry," He said, "It's habit – Alysia likes to get a little crazy. Lately she's been having me fuck her throat like there's no tomorrow."

I chuckled as I licked the tip of his meat, "I never said I didn't like it." I opened my mouth to take his cock in again. Tim grinned down at me as he gripped my head and slammed his cock down my throat. My tongue rubbed underneath his shaft as I reached around and grabbed his tight ass. He began slamming his cock in and out of my mouth, fucking my throat. The gagging subsided as I grew accustomed to his cock. His thick cock spread my throat as I sucked it down time and time again, his balls slapping my chin as I gurgled. "Oh fuck, Tyler." He moaned, his grip tightening as his hips hit my mouth harder and harder, a force that made my moan into him. "Suck that cock." He said, his breath staggered as he got more and more into it, talking dirty with each thrust. "Mmm, oh shit. What a little cocksucker." He began moaning louder as he rammed my throat over and over. Finally, his back arched as I felt his warm, sticky cum shoot down my throat, coating it as it slid down. He pulled out as strand after strand of hot, globby cum shot onto my face, hitting my eyes and my lips. 

I wiped my eyes as we caught our breath. I looked up at him, "Was it good?"

He nodded, "It was very good." I figured there was a bi streak in him, and I guess I was right. He sat on the chair next to me and panted as Alysia came out, with no clothing on. Her breasts were nice and firm, her nipples hard, as she sauntered over to me. 

"That was so hot." She said, wiping some cum off my face and licking it off her finger. "I think it's best to reward you for sucking my boyfriend's cock. She asked me to stand, and I did. She kneeled in front of my and immediately took my cock in her mouth. I moaned, looking down at her. She smiled as she stroked my cock, her glasses making her look even cuter. She had delicate hands, smooth skin that ran along my cock as her warm, wet mouth engulfed it. She sucked hard as she looked up at me, her eyes sparkling as she worked my dick in her throat. 

As I enjoyed Alysia's experienced mouth around my cock, I felt Tim press up behind me. I moaned, knowing what was coming. As Alysia's warm mouth covered my cock, I felt Tim's strong hands at my ass, spreading it apart. "Ah..." I moaned, "Be gentle, man." I leaned up against the wall, allowing for a brace before Tim went to town. Alysia had no problem taking my cock all the way down her throat, she was an experienced deepthroater and swallowed my thick meat easily. My cock sat in her throat for a minute as she moaned into my cock, I felt Tim's thick dick poking at my asshole. I looked behind me to see him smiling at me. Suddenly, my ass was filled with his cock. At first the pain was unbelievable, I cried out as I felt him slide all of his member into me.

As my ass grew accustomed to it, he began slowly thrusting in and out of me. The pain subsided, the pleasure filled me completely, the feeling turning into an amazing experience. I hung my head as Tim began pounding my virgin ass, his balls slapping against me, moaning into my ear. Alysia was bobbing her head along my cock, stroking my balls with her hands. I was about to cum when I felt Tim pull out. He groaned loudly as I felt his hot juice spray onto my back. Much of it landed on my ass, a bit in my hair, and even some on my neck. Feeling Tim climax onto me was too much, I let out a loud moan as I let my cock shoot its loud into Alysia's waiting mouth. A strand landed on her glasses as she quickly shoved my cock back into her mouth, sucking each drop down until my cock had stopped. 

She pulled off, lying in front of me. She smiled, never wiping my cum from her glasses, then reached up and pulled Tim down to her. He kissed her fiercely, then began thrusting his still hard cock into her pussy, causing her to moan. His hips moved in a perfect rhythm, his massive cock slamming into her pussy. I knelt behind him, grabbing his ass as he moaned loudly, my cock rock hard.

His ass was nice and tight, his hole waiting for my cock. I poked the head of my member in, causing him to arch his back, his cock ramming into Alysia's pussy as she cried out. I grabbed his hips, slowly sliding my thick cock deep into his tight, warm ass. I began to match his thrusts, my cock slamming into him as he pounded into Alysia's pussy. She moaned loudly as our combined thrusts pounded Tim's cock deep into her, our balls slapping as my grip on his ass tightened. I felt him ready to climax, his ass tightening around my shaft, his back arching as he filled Alysia's pussy with his cum. I grabbed his ass, thrusting deep into him, my cock releasing its own torrent of cum, enough to dribble out as I pulled my cock from his ass.

Alysia struggled to her knees, then fell forward on all fours, panting as sweat beaded on her face. She looked over her shoulder, "You want a go?" 

I smiled eagerly, "Well, if you insist." My cock was still rock hard as I knelt behind her, rubbing my hands along her prefect, slightly freckled ass. I slid my thick cock into her pussy, still somehow tight as could be after the massive pounding it had just received. She gasped as I felt her pussy tighten around me, my cock filling her as she looked back at me. As she moaned and panted at my slight thrust, Tim knelt in front of her, his long cock in front of her mouth when she turned back. Her next moan was muffled as he grabbed her head and rammed his cock down her throat. I smiled as Tim held her head down, her gurgles interrupted by moans as I gripped her hips, beginning to thrust hard and fast in and out of her tight pussy. Tim began fucking Alysia's throat in rhythm with my own thrusts, both holes getting punded hard as she moaned and gasped, drool dripping from her lips as Tim slammed his cock down her throat repeatedly. I felt her pussy tighten in an orgasm as she moaned almost to a scream into Tim's cock, my hips smacking into hers as I mercilessly fucked her. I heard Tim let out a bestial grunt as He grabbed her head, his hips bucking as I heard the familiar moan of his own orgasm. He pulled out, giving his girlfriend a nice and messy facial, the sight sending me over the edge. I gripped Alysia's hips as my cock exploded in cum. Pulling out, I lathered Alysia's ass in cum, finally collapsing onto the ground as she did the same. 

Tim looked at me, slowly stroking his cock, "You know, I don't know about Alysia, but I could go for doing this more often." Cum still dripped from the tip as Alysia panted, spit and cum covering her tear-streaked face. She sat up, eyeing our cocks hungrily. 

"Oh fuck yeah." She gasped. "We're doing this some more." She fell into Tim's lap, slowly sucking on the tip of his cock. 

"Well, man..." He said, looking at me.

I smiled happily, "Oh yeah," I panted, "I'm game."