 NOTE:  This is an adult story. If you are not a legal adult in your jurisdiction, please do not continue. If frank depictions of human sexuality offend you, please do not continue. Otherwise, please enjoy. 

Pam and her friends had gathered once again in her living room. Students at Smallville College, they had embarked on a sexual journey that was beginning to worry them.  

They had all grown up in conservative homes. Sex, when discussed, had usually been in the context of "don't." Abstinence, monogamy and, someday, children, were permissible topics. Masturbation, orgasm and pleasure were never mentioned - at least, never positively. 

And yet, these four women and two men had joined together, examined each other's bodies, visited a nudist resort and, in front of each other, had masturbated individually and jointly in the last several weeks. If you had asked any of them if they ever imagined they'd be gathered together like this, having had the experiences they'd had, the answers would have ranged from a gasp of shock through a simple no and on to "only in my most exotic fantasies." 

Jenny was speaking. "I'm not sure what we've been doing is right. Sure, it's fun, and it is bringing us closer together, but I know my parents would be really upset to hear about what I've been doing. I mean, isn't sex supposed to be reserved for marriage, or at least for two people really in love and planning to get married? That's what I was always told." 

"But what about your cousin Clare's family?" asked Alan. "Aren't they nudists? And didn't your cousin take you to a resort to see naked men when you turned eighteen? Didn't they have a different point of view?" 

"Well, yeah, kind of," replied Jenny. "But even though they are nudists they're pretty conservative about sex. I mean, I asked Clare about it that day, and she told me that nudism wasn't about sex. She said that her parents aren't as conservative as mine - they let her date and all that in high school - but they'd been pretty distinct about not having sex. Her mother had caught her masturbating once, and Clare said all she said was 'that wasn't something a lady did' and gave her a look. So I'm still not sure about all of this." 

"Ok," said Pam. "I understand what you're saying. I was raised pretty much that way too. And what we're doing isn't the kind of thing my folks would approve of either. But I think we are learning something, and I do think we respect each other and care for each other." 

"You could get intellectual about it," said Mitsy. "I mean, think about it like this. We're given certain gifts in life, and one of those gifts is your body and another is the pleasure that certain parts of your body provides. And another one is the capacity to care and love for other people. So, with all that in mind, and keeping in mind that you're supposed to use the gifts you're given wisely, aren't we doing that?" 

"You mean fooling around is the moral thing to be doing?" asked Alan, a bit sarcastically. 

"No," replied Mitsy. "Fooling around is not particularly moral. But sharing our gifts with each other, in a respectful, caring, loving relationship may well be." 

"But can six people have that kind of a relationship all together? I mean, only some religions allow polygamy or polyamory." Jenny was perplexed. 

"Well," chipped in Amy, "I don't know if we can limit this to religion. I mean, we all go to church and stuff, and the kind of religions we were raised in frown on this kind of thing, but are we doing something that's all that wrong? We're not doing it to rebel against our faiths or our families or anything. And since we're a group, don't you think we're more likely to think things out a bit more?" 

"But is just thinking it out and being careful and all that enough?" asked Jenny. "I mean, yeah, with six of us someone is going to ask a question if we start doing something really stupid. But are we just fooling ourselves? Are we just giving into pleasure and not keeping sex sacred?" 

"Should sex be sacred?" asked Larry quietly. 

"Well, in some ways, yeah," said Pam. "I think it can be the ultimate union of two people, at least physically." 

"Is it just limited to two people? Hasn't what we've done created unity among us?" Amy challenged the group.  Of them, she'd probably been raised the most liberally, at least in some ways. Her parents just didn't talk about sex. They left her some books and her mom had said to ask if she had any questions. At least she'd told her about menstruation and everything when she came home from school after the hygiene film. She'd tried to date in high school, without a lot of success, but she had hung out with a group of guys and girls. Anyway, she had cousins, too. And her cousins' family lived in a real, live commune, right out of the sixties. Her parents had sent her to visit a couple of times. When she asked her dad about it he said that it was important to be exposed to different points of view. Anyway, those had been pretty memorable visits.  

Amy's cousins were twins - Brad and Melanie. They showed her around the commune and she helped them do their chores and stuff. But at night the older kids in the commune would get together and go swimming and stuff. And they skinny-dipped when they went swimming. But what they said about their parents was what got Amy's attention. Apparently they all considered themselves one big family, and it wasn't unusual for different parents to sleep together or for even a bunch of them to get together for an orgy. Of course, the kids weren't allowed to go to the orgies, but as they got older their parents told them about their beliefs and about how they felt sharing their bodies was a way of keeping their community together. The older kids were told all about birth control and about commitment and the parents were pretty strict about sex and about how it was better to wait until you were more of an adult.  

Melanie had even told Amy about how she and Brad played doctor when they were little, and how one night they had watched each other masturbate. But they thought it was a little weird, being brother and sister and all, so even though it had been fun and really interesting, they'd never done it again. 

"Maybe," Amy said after telling her friends about them, "we're like that group."  

"I don't think so," said Jenny. "I mean, they're established and all, and adults. We're still in school. And we've only been at this a few weeks. What physical and emotional intimacy we have is still pretty much at an early stage. And I'm not so sure we should go further." 

"I don't think you're telling us what's really bothering you," said Amy. 

"What do you mean?" replied Jenny. 

"I think there's something behind all this. I think you're perfectly capable, at least intellectually, of dealing with the idea of us becoming some kind of polyamorous group, or at least a group of people who share some physical intimacy. I think something else is bothering you." 

"Well, yeah, there is," admitted Jenny, quietly. She was ducking her head, blushing and looking at the floor. Her straight brown hair was falling around her face, hiding it from the others. 

"Tell us," demanded Pam. 

"Well," Jenny stammered, "it's how I'm reacting." 

"What do you mean?" asked Mitsy. 

"Well, I mean, it's my body. I mean, how it was last time. What I was doing." 

"I think you were enjoying yourself," said Amy. 

"It was more than that. I mean, I couldn't get enough. I've never been like that. I was sore the next day. I mean, I was jamming my fingers inside me, and..." Jenny blushed bright red. She had looked up and seen Alan hanging on her every word. 

"Don't stop," said Amy. 

"Well, it was just I was so out of control. And if I was that way when it was just me what could it be like if I was with one of you - and especially with Alan or Larry. I mean, it feels so good. How do I know I'm going to do what's right? I went home that night and just thinking about it set me off again and I masturbated a couple of more times before I went to sleep. And all I could think about was how we were all naked and what we looked like and what it would be like to do more, a lot more. And that scares me." 

"Why does it scare you?" asked Larry. 

"Because it seems like it would be so easy to just let go and do anything and with anybody. I mean, let's say we all keep going along the lines we are. So we try oral sex, and intercourse, and maybe anal sex and maybe other things that you hear about. And maybe we all like it, and it brings us closer together, and we get experienced. Well, that's all fine and good. But what if I like it so much I take it outside our group? What if I find some guy, or a couple or whatever and I start thinking, well, I've had the experience. I know what it's like. I can handle it. And I go with him or them and we do whatever and I just let it happen and I don't think about birth control or STD's or anything and I get hurt. What then?" 

"Jeez, Jenny. Don't go overboard or anything," said Mitsy.  

"Lighten up, Mitsy," said Pam. "Jenny, I think all of us have had some thoughts like that. Look, we're all 21. What we've done, and what I think we might do in the future, is going to create a bond among us. But we're probably not going to end up starting our own commune and raising our children together and being all crunchy granola and whatever. We'll meet other people. We'll have sex with some of them, probably. Heck, we'll probably even marry people not in this room." 

"But the point is," Pam went on, "we've started something really special here. We're not on our own learning about sex like so many people. I didn't know much before this, and I've learned something in the last few weeks. So maybe what we're doing is a good way to do it, at least for us." 

"But what about the, well, lust I keep feeling?" asked Jenny.  

"That we're going to have to work on," said Mitsy. "We definitely want to move beyond lust." 

"A little lust never hurt anybody," said Alan. 

"No, it didn't," said Amy. "But we're working on more than just lust. We want emotional intimacy as well as physical intimacy." 

"So how do we get that?" asked Larry. 

"Time," said Pam. "You may be able to fall in love at first site, but it takes time for trust and love and caring and understanding to build up." 

"So, what are we going to do to pass the time?" asked Mitsy. 

"Well," said Pam, "we could keep on working on the physical intimacy stuff." 

"Lust," chuckled Alan. "Like I said, a little lust never hurt anybody." 

Pam hit him with a pillow from the couch. 

"Hey!" he said, grabbing her wrist, "that hurt." 

Pam struggled in his grasp. "Let go!" she squealed. She grabbed another pillow with her other hand and swatted Alan again. 

"Cut it out," he said. He didn't release her hand. Pam swatted him again.  

"It's not lust, at least not all," Pam said, swatting him one more time. 

"All right, all right," he said. Alan grabbed Pam's other arm as she reached back to swing again. Pam squirmed out of his grasp. His arm slipped around her back and he pulled her close to him so she couldn't swing the pillow at him again. She struggled in his grasp. 

All of a sudden they were looking deep into each other's eyes. They were both panting with the exertion from their brief struggle. And then it happened. 

Alan bent forward and kissed Pam. He kissed her long and hard and deep and she kissed him back. And then her lips were parting and her tongue found his and they wrestled together. And instead of struggling to get out of his grasp Pam was pushing her body hard against Alan. She felt her breasts crush hard against his chest, and his lips fierce against hers and something about it felt right. 

The others watched the passionate embrace in front of them. They saw Pam and Alan entwine themselves about each other, and the long, passionate kiss they were exchanging. And they all felt a little aroused, and they all wondered a little about whether it was just lust, or if there was something more behind it. 

"Ok kids, break it up," said Mitsy after a few minutes had gone by.  

Pam and Alan released each other. "Wow!" she said, quietly. 

"Yeah, wow," replied Alan. 

"So what was that all about?" asked Mitsy. 

"I don't know," said Alan. "I mean, she was just swatting me and then I grabbed her hand and then we were just looking at each other and I thought 'kiss her, stupid' so I did." 

"That's pretty much it," said Pam. "We were just kind of fooling around and then he kissed me and if felt good." 

"So is kissing the next step?" asked Amy. 

"Well, I guess it could be," said Pam. "But we only have two guys here. Are we going to take turns?" 

"Why not?" asked Jenny. 

"Well," said Mitsy. "We could. But I'm kind of curious about kissing another woman, too." 

"No!" gasped Jenny. 

"Well," said Mitsy, "Think about it.  We've already kind of gone over that line. I mean, that first night, when we were all touching each other. I mean, you were caressing my thighs, and Amy was playing with my labia and Pam was caressing my breasts and we did it to you, first." 

"Well, yeah, but..." 

"But nothing. I think we should be able to try anything in this group. We still have the No rule. And I'll follow it. If anyone says no, we stop. But I want to try kissing a woman as well as a man." 

"Ok," said Pam. "Let's do this. Amy and Alan, you pair up. Jenny, you go with Larry. Mitsy, since I've already kissed Alan, I'll kiss you and we can solve your curiosity about that." 

Amy sat down in Alan's lap, put her arms around his neck and pulled his face to hers. She parted her lips slightly as they touched Alan's and soon they were involved in a kiss easily as passionate as the one Alan had shared with Pam a moment before. At first he felt awkward, since he had just kissed Pam and he felt there really was something extra behind it, but soon he was concentrating on how soft Amy's lips were and the insistent probing of her tongue in his mouth. 

Larry and Jenny were a little more awkward. They sat next to each other on the floor, propped against a chair. Larry turned toward Jenny, put his hand on her jean-clad hip, and bent down to her upraised face. Their first kiss was a quick peck, just a brush of the lips and then each pulled back quickly. They laughed a little, and then slowly came back together. "He's so gentle," Jenny thought as Larry's lips touched hers. Slowly they relaxed and began enjoying the kiss, and slowly they slipped down to the floor, their bodies pressed against each other. 

"Ok, fantasy woman. I guess it's you and me now," Pam said to Mitsy.  

"Kiss me, you fool," giggled Mitsy. She turned her face up to her friend and slowly kissed her friend's soft lips. The kiss was soft and gentle. Pam parted her lips, and Mitsy slipped her tongue between them. Each of them felt a soft, warm glow grow within them. They hugged each other, breasts pressing together. "This is nice," thought Pam. "With Alan it was special, and there was something extra there, but this is really nice." 

Mitsy was having similar feelings. "This is so much softer than with a boy," she thought. "And Pam's body feels so comfortable pressed against mine. I want this to go on forever." 

The room was quiet, with few noises other than the occasional sigh of pleasure. Each couple slowly reclined, their limbs intertwining, their bodies pressed together.  

Amy was the first to move things further. She leaned back a bit from Alan, and slowly unbuttoned his shirt. When she had pulled it from his body, she grasped his hand and brought it to the top button of her blouse. Alan got the message, and slowly unbuttoned it, savoring each moment, as a bit more of Amy's skin was exposed. 

Her bra was shell pink, the molded cups covered with satin. Amy posed for a moment, then reached around her back and unhooked it. Slowly she pulled the straps off her shoulders, holding it in place over her breasts with her other hand. Then she let it drop away. 

Alan gasped as Amy's tiny breasts were exposed. Her areolas were puffy, two shades darker from the small mounds they rose from. The nipples centered in them were yet again a shade darker.  Slowly he reached out and caressed her left breast, feeling its infinite softness. 

Amy sighed at Alan's touch. A little thrill ran through her as his fingers stroked her, caressing her nipple into erection. She reached out and mimicked his motions, caressing a small brown nipple into a little erection of its own. Alan wondered if the pleasant sensations he felt were anything like what Amy felt. 

Amy and Alan's motions distracted Mitsy from the long soft kisses she and Pam were sharing. All of a sudden she wanted to feel Pam's naked breasts against her own, to feel her erect nipples rub against Pam's. Slowly she reached up under Pam's t-shirt, caressing the soft skin of Pam's back. When she reached the hooks of Pam's bra she gently undid them. 

"What are you up to?" Pam asked.  

"I have to see you, I have to touch you." As she spoke, Mitsy pulled off her own shirt and unfastened her bra. When she finished she reached for Pam's t-shirt and pulled it over her head. After it came off she reached up and pulled Pam's bra from her shoulders, exposing her large, soft breasts.  

Mitsy eagerly embraced Pam, pushing her smaller breasts against Pam's. The sensation was heavenly. She felt her nipples hardening and pulled Pam closer to her, and began kissing her again. 

Larry and Jenny looked up a moment later, catching their breaths after a particularly long and passionate kiss. The glanced at the others, then each other. Their looks were quizzical. 

"Oh, why not?" thought Jenny. She crossed her arms in front of her, grasped the bottom of her shirt and pulled it up and over her head. Larry quickly followed suit.  

A thought flashed through Jenny's mind, and rather than debate it with herself as she usually would, she just acted. She stood up, kicked off her sandals, unsnapped her jeans and pulled them down. Larry gasped.  

"We're going to get there anyway, we might as well strip," she said quietly. She then reached between her breasts, undid the clasp at the front of her bra, and pulled it off. Larry pulled off his shoes and undid his belt. As he pulled down his pants and boxers, Jenny slipped out of the tiny blue bikini panties she wore. Larry noticed her pubic hair was matted down, but her inner lips were clearly visible in their mossy grotto. 

Jenny sat down on the floor again and reached up for Larry. He got down next to her and soon they were tightly embracing, his thigh firmly between hers, his penis rubbing against one of her thighs. "Her skin is so soft," he thought, and he gently began to stroke Jenny's back and down over her butt. A sigh escaped from Jenny's lips, and she pulled herself closer to him. She felt herself lubricate as she pressed herself against his firm thigh. 

Across the room, Mitsy had grasped her right breast and was rubbing its small brown nipple around and against Pam's large soft pink one. She glanced over and saw that Jenny and Larry were naked and entwined in a passionate embrace and that Amy and Alan were pulling their jeans off as well. With a small sigh she ceased her caress and then reached down and undid the button of her jeans, pushing them and her panties down over her ankles. Pam had opened her eyes when Mitsy had stopped the nipple to nipple caress and was soon out of her slacks and panties as well. 

"Ok boys and girls," Mitsy said. The others glanced up at her. "Let's work on some orgasms." 

Amy immediately reached down, grasped Alan's hand, and placed it firmly over her crotch. "Rub me," she demanded, and Alan complied. In return, she gently grasped his penis and began gently stroking up and down its length. Alan turned toward her, embraced her with his freearm, and began kissing Amy again. 
