 The first-time we ever had a three-some was with a very good friend of ours, Danny. Danny and my wife, Sandy grew up next door to each other. We met in school and quickly became best friends. I didn't even know Sandy back then. Danny and Sandy went out a few times, but nothing ever happened. Danny respected her too much to try anything and Sandy was too shy to do anything. The have both laughed at the fact they never even kissed. Danny went into the service after high school, I met Sandy, and then we got married. Danny came back from the service, met a hometown girl, and got married too. We were all best friends through out all of this and even had our children only a few months apart. 

Since Danny and his wife lived not very far from us, we were together several nights a week. Danny eventually had to move to another town because of his job, but we would still get together, almost every weekend, and play cards or just hang out. We would tell old stories on each other and have a few drinks. My wife would always flirt with Danny, but nothing serious. We would sometime play until the wee hours of the morning. It was on one of these weekends when things turned from card games to sex games.

Danny's wife was frigid but she would admit it and joke about it. After a few drinks Danny would laugh and say he would have to go to bed with us if he was going to get any that night. We would always laugh. My wife is a very sexy lady. She is small built with small, firm breast but very long and dark nipples that gets as hard as rocks and stick out about an inch. She is 5'3" and about 100 pounds with the perfect heart shaped ass. 

After a few years of marriage we started having to find ways to kind of spice up our sex. I found that talking about another man with my wife would get her pussy juice flowing and me rock hard. My wife gets the wettest pussy I have ever seen. We would talk about people we knew and had seen in various places; one night one talk came around to Danny. I would ask her what would you do if Danny walked up behind her and put his arms around her, and started playing with her tits. We talked about Danny a lot. One night while I was eating her sweet pussy, I asked her if she would like to me to ask Danny to join us. She almost fucked me to death! 

One summer weekend we were spending the weekend with Danny and his wife. As usual we were playing cards late at night. It was a warm summer Friday night. We had had a few drinks and the talk turned to sex. Danny's wife said she was tired and going to bed and she took some kind of pill to help her sleep. We said good night and continued playing cards for about another hour.

Danny said he was going out on the front porch to enjoy the night air. Sandy and I decided to join him. Danny and I went out while Sandy went to change into her nightgown. Danny sat on the porch swing and I sat on the outside edge of the porch in another swing across from him. I could see inside the house from where I sat. When Sandy walked out, my dick got rock hard.

She had on a sexy see-through blue gown and panties. You could see her beautiful tits, long nipples, and her trimmed dark pussy hair through the panties. She was carrying a robe over her arm. When she came to stand in front of me, I asked her, "Do you plan on getting lucky tonight or something?"

Sandy replied, "I certainly hope so!"

"With which one of us?" I asked, pointing to Danny and myself.

"Maybe both, who knows!" Sandy said on a laugh and put on her thin cotton robe. 

Danny just watched as we joked along, but I could see a bulge growing in his pants. I nodded my head towards Danny and Sandy's eyes followed mine. A grin showed up as she saw what was happening. Our talk was still pretty sexy; we all seemed to be in the mood.

I asked Danny if he liked what Sandy was wearing, and he said that it was beautiful and not fair. 

"Not fair? What do you mean?" I asked.

He laughed and said, "If I got to look at her much longer I would have to go jack off! Since my wife is out like a light, it is not fair!"

We all laughed. 

I reached over, untied her robe, and pulled it open enough to reveal her firm tits and hard nipples. There was enough light from the porch lamp that you could clearly see everything through the thin material of her gown. As I pinched Sandy's nipples, they stood out about an inch. Danny seemed mesmerized. Danny whispered "You guys are going to get in me in so much trouble" but her never stopped looking at her tits. 

I chuckled and tugged her robe open until her panties were showing. Danny couldn't even speak.

"Danny there is plenty of room over here, join us." I said as pulled the robe away completely. Danny walked over to us and sat down stiffly. He looked unsure of what to. Sandy solved the problem by placing his hand on her tit.

He was holding her tit and started to play with those beautiful nipples. 

I whispered into Sandy's ear, "Is he hard yet?"

Sandy reached over and placed her hand on his cock through his pants. "Oh yes, he is hard." Sandy said as she groped his cock. I watched Danny drop his head back and groan.

Danny moaned again, "You are going to get me in trouble."

Sandy giggled and said, "I will show you trouble!" She slid off the swing and knelt in front of Danny. She unzipped his pants and pulled them down to expose his cock. Danny lifted his hips to allow her to pull his pants and underwear off; I guess he wanted the trouble we were offering

Sandy licked around the head of his cock and then swallowed it down. He was bigger than my six inches, and slightly thicker than me, but Sandy had no trouble taking him down. This was the first time somebody else was enjoying my wife's talents since we had been married. My cock was aching to be free so I pulled off my slacks and underwear. I began stroking my cock to the rhythm of her mouth on his cock.

Danny gently held her head and began fucking her mouth. When he picked up the pace, she let his dick free. She climbed back on the swing and we both took a nipple in our mouth. Sandy loves to have her nipples sucked hard. My hand wandered down to her pussy to find Danny's hand already there. He was rubbing her clit and then I heard her gasp and knew that he had slipped a finger into her wet cunt.

I looked over at Danny and asked, "Are you going to return the favor?" I glanced at his hard cock still wet from my wife's mouth.

He moved down and gently spread her legs. He was the first man to see and touch her pussy since we were married. He pulled her panties to the side and dove in tongue first. Sandy started moaning and jerking her hips, trying to draw his tongue in deeper. I knew Sandy was getting close, so I licked her on the neck and whispered into her ear, "Cum baby! Let me see you cum while his tongue is fucking your cunt." With that I watched her face tighten and her breathe catch.

"If you are going to get into trouble, you might as well make it worth it." Danny needed no further prompting. He rose up and slid his hard cock into my wife's pussy. He pushed in to her, she fucked up at him, and he sunk it to his balls. The look on her face and the moan she had when she looked at me I will never forget. I knew he was hitting places in her pussy that had never been touched. 

Sandy was meeting him thrust for thrust. I knew that Danny would not last very long. About five minutes of sliding in my wife's hot pussy was all he could take. Danny growled, "I am gonna cum."

Sandy grabbed his ass, and he buried his dick all the way in her. I watched as another man's cock shot a load of hot cum in my wife's pussy. He laid on her for a minute, they kissed softly, he whispered, "Thank you," and then went inside.

As the door closed behind him, Sandy said, "We have got to do that again but first I am going to take care of you." 

She rolled over onto me, and buried my dick in her well fucked, cum filled pussy. It was an incredibly hot sensation when his cum started to run down my dick and balls and across my ass. I didn't last two minutes when I filled her pussy with the second load of cum.

"Did you like that?" I asked her as I held her against me.

"I came when he was eating my pussy and again when his hard cock slid into me." She laid her head on my chest and sighed.

"And to think, we have all weekend." I said with a smile and kissed her lips gently.