 This happened many years ago, before we had things like AIDS to worry about. Not to say that it might not have happened later as well, but only in a much safer way!

I was on a walking holiday in Germany, and was travelling alone. I was supposed to go with my girlfriend, but we split up shortly before, and she understandably pulled out. The intention had been to go walking together in some of the forest areas in Bavaria. This had the reputation of being beautiful country, and I wanted to see it, so after the split up I decided to stay with the plan. I travelled about and stayed in several different places, mostly camping. The two-person tent contained only one.

On this occasion I had been staying on a campsite at the back of an old country inn on the edge of a small town. They served great beer and it wasn't far to stagger home. During the day I walked in the surrounding hills. The weather was fantastic, and despite being alone I was having a very pleasant time. One day I stopped close to a little lake. The weather was warm and I was tired from walking, so I stopped and ate the sandwich I had brought for lunch. Afterwards I lay back in the shade of an outcrop of bushes and dozed off.

I must have been asleep for a couple of hours, and awoke to the sound of splashing and laughter. Raising my head and peering through the bushes, I saw a young couple bathing in the lake. They were stark naked. This was not such a big deal in Germany as it might be in other places. Nude bathing quite often happened, although it was considered polite to be discreet about it. This lake was in a secluded spot and there was no one else around, apart from me of course. The couple were in the water up to their waist and splashing each other. I admired their fortitude, because although it was summertime the lake water was cold. I had tried it earlier, and it would certainly have been too cold for me to get my clothes off!

Both of them were fair-haired, and the man sported a short beard. The woman had fairly short hair, and a slim figure with very perky breasts which bounced pleasingly in the sunlight as she and her lover played. They both looked quite athletic, and presented a picture of healthy outdoor fun with only a touch of eroticism. As I watched them unobserved, they began to make their way to the shore. As the rest of the woman's figure came into view, I began to wish I was out there playing with them. Actually, playing with her lovely naked breasts would have been a good start. She had the most gorgeous bottom I think I'd ever seen, and when she turned her bush was pleasing: a natural blonde, her pubic hair was straight and not too thick. I don't like dense curls in that location. The couple came out of the water and I saw that they had left their stuff by the lakeside on a blanket.

I had assumed that that would be it, but it was only the start. They produced towels and began to rub themselves down, but I saw that the man had stopped and was looking intently at his partner. Then he reached over and began to rub her down with his towel. She smiled at him and began to use her towel on him. He soon began to respond, displaying a healthy and very creditable erection. At this point the woman fell on her knees in front of him, fondling his balls and cock. Then she leaned forward and took his cock into her mouth, gently sucking and licking it. Not surprisingly, he closed his eyes and let out a moan of pleasure. Then he also went to his knees, and kissed her. She fell back on the blanket, parting her knees, and he was soon between them. He bent his head to her nipples, sucking and licking them, and then with a moan he lowered himself to her. As she raised her legs to wrap them around him I glimpsed her lovely vagina, lips parted and glistening in the sun. Then he slipped his cock into her and the intimate sight was barred to me.

I was only wearing shorts and a T-shirt, and the sexiness of the sight, combined with their passionate moaning and my lack of any recent activity, was enough to produce a considerable erection in my shorts. Glancing around, and seeing that I was not likely to be observed, I slipped my shorts down and began to stroke my burgeoning cock. I had done this watching porn before, but the real thing was something else. You always know that porn is just being done for show, but this passionate coupling was genuine. I found it an incredible turn on. I watched as they kissed and fucked in front of me, and felt the sap rising in my own firm, full cock. A sudden uninhibited cry from the woman made it clear that she had launched herself into orgasm, and I watched as she lifted her hips off the ground and tightened her legs around her lover. He jerked his head back, seized her hips and cried out in his turn as he shot his juice into her. This was too much for me. I stifled my own urge to cry out as my cock swelled and I began to spurt my own cum over the bush in front of me. I wished it had been hers. Better still, I wished I had been spurting deep inside her, filling that lovely vagina and feeling it tight around me. But I kept silent and watched as they kissed and cuddled and then got dressed and went on their way.

That evening I left my tent and went to the inn to sample the beer. The bar was crowded, and I ended up finding a seat at a table occupied by several other people. I nodded to the couple next to me, and must have blushed as I realised who they were. They were of course the couple I had seen sporting by the lakeside. It turned out that they were Swedish, and like most Swedes spoke excellent English. He was Peter and she was Inge. We exchanged a few polite comments about the countryside and the weather.

"It was so warm today," said Inge, "we went for a swim in the lake."

Without thinking I said: "I know."

She gave me a curious look and muttered something in Swedish to Peter.

"You mean you saw us?" she said.

By now I was definitely blushing.

"I'm afraid I did," I said. "I was asleep, and woke up because of the noise of you swimming. I'm sorry, but I was too embarrassed to let you know I was there."

She smiled, but seemed quite unperturbed. "Embarrassed?" she said. "If I had been you I would not have been embarrassed. I would have enjoyed the sight. I'm sure you enjoyed it really, especially what happened afterwards."

Then she laughed, and muttered again to Peter. She seemed so good-humoured about it that I couldn't help smiling as well.

"To be honest," I said, "I thought it was lovely. It was beautiful and natural."

"Of course," she said. "I'm sure it must have been quite exciting as well. If you enjoyed it that much, I'm sure you got quite aroused."

I think I muttered something, but she simply said: "I'm glad you enjoyed it. We certainly did!" And she uttered that infectious laugh again.

With the embarrassment over, we had another drink and then they got up to go.

"We have some very good Swedish schnapps in our tent," said Peter. "Would you like to try some?"

I said I would, we went out through the back door of the bar and into the camping ground. Peter and Inge had a trailer tent which made my little tent looked like a children's playhouse. It had separate rooms inside, and a kitchen mounted on the trailer part itself. They had a couple of good lights and some folding chairs and soon we were sitting drinking schnapps and chatting. To be honest, I didn't think that much of the schnapps; it was too fiery for me and had little flavour. Then Peter suddenly got up and said: "I need to pee. You two should have a little fun while I go." And off he went.

I turned to Inge. "What did he mean about having a little fun?" I asked.

"He meant this," she said, and stood up. Then she lifted the edges of her T-shirt and slipped it off over her head, revealing those lovely naked breasts I had lusted after from afar. Without waiting for any response from me, she slipped her arms around me and kissed me firmly. Then she reached for my T-shirt and lifted it off as well. She put her arms around me tightly, pressing her firm nipples against mine. I must have looked very uncertain.

"It's okay," she said. "Peter is fine with this. He said so, and we have done such things before."

By this stage I was willing to take her word for it. I stroked her body and bent my head to take her left nipple into my mouth. She giggled a little as I flicked my tongue over it and slipped my left hand into the waistband of her shorts, my fingers entering the top of her bottom crack.

"That's nice," she said. "Now the other breast, please." Naturally, I was only too pleased to oblige, and I got even more pleased when she reached down and cupped my crotch in her hand, fondling my balls and stroking my cock through my shorts.

Peter came back in, and seeing how things were going he immediately took off his own T-shirt and approached Inge from behind. I stood up straight, and he reached under her armpits and cupped her breasts in his hands. Inge took my hands in hers and guided them to her waistband. The invitation was clear, and I slipped the shorts down her thighs, revealing a minimal thong edged with wisps of pubic hair. Peter turned her towards him and kissed her, while I stroked her bottom. Then he slipped off his own shorts and stood naked before us, that impressive erection once again in evidence. He sat down in one of the chairs.

Inge kneeled before him as she had done on the beach. This time she leaned her arms on the chair and bent her head to take his erection into her mouth. She worked her mouth on it gently but firmly, and he leaned his head back, uttering moans of pleasure. Then he looked down again and spoke to me.

"This is delightful," he said, "but you are not giving Inge any fun. You are both wearing too much."

I really didn't need any more encouragement. Kneeling down behind Inge I slipped off her thong and then slipped off my own shorts. That small rounded bum was in front of me. Her thighs were parted enough for me to see one of the loveliest sights known to heterosexual man: a woman's naked labia with a glint of moisture between them. I moved forward on my knees and put my cock between her thighs, just touching her labia. She paused for a moment in her ministrations to Peter's cock.

"Yes, yes," she said. "Go on. I am ready for you." The loveliest sight followed by the loveliest invitation. I put my hands on her hips and pushed my cock forward, feeling her labia slip over it. She gasped, and so did I. Then I pushed gently forward, feeling my cock slide into her gorgeous vagina until my balls touched her pubic hair. I deliberately pushed firmly to try to stimulate her clit. I don't know whether I succeeded, but she certainly seem to like it.

Peter was now gasping regularly, like a man who was not far off filling his lover's mouth with his cum. I tried to build up a good stimulating rhythm, and before long I was close to doing the same thing in his lover's vagina. I felt she was not quite there, and was very disappointed for her, although I would happily have brought her to a climax any other way she wanted. In fact, I took my right hand away from her hip and reached under her thigh. She squealed with excitement as she felt my fingers in her pubic hair, slipping towards her clit. She clearly realised what I was doing, and appreciated it.

At this point Peter suddenly cried loudly several times, moving jerkily in his chair, and was obviously unloading his cum into her mouth. I saw her swallow, and stroked her clit, which I could feel easily under my fingertips between her labia. She began to moan. At the same time I could feel the cum rising in my cock as I watched and listened and stroked her clit. Suddenly she raised her head with a cry, letting Peter's cock fall from her mouth. She yelled a couple of times, and so did I as I let my load fly into her beautiful waiting vagina. I gripped her hips pushed myself as deep into her as I could get. Her vagina actually squeezed my cock, causing incredibly pleasurable feelings. I continued stroking her and thrusting, and almost immediately I could feel her cumming again, to the sound of a long low moan. We held our position for a few minutes, as the orgasmic aftershocks slowly died away. As our excitement began to subside she pulled away from me and turned.

"That was really lovely," she said. "Thank you."

"My pleasure," I said. She laughed.

"Not entirely. Thank you for helping us make so much pleasure together."

Peter voiced his agreement, and poured more schnapps. Well, you can't have everything!