 So here I am, lying naked in bed beside my wife of 3 years. She's asleep, passed out not long after our guest left. Fair play to her, she must be tired. I pull the covers back and admire her in all her naked glory. Okay she is lying on her front, but her long blonde hair hanging off her shoulders is a good look. Her arse too, I could just squeeze it, then bite into it. I put the covers back over her and take a draw from my fag, happy with how the night went. Let me fill you in on the details.

Sad to say, but after only a few years of marriage our sex life had become pretty routine, mechanical. We'd always do it at night, in bed, start off with oral, then I would get on top, now and then we would switch position. I'd cum, we'd kiss and cuddle, then fall asleep. Sometimes that isn't a bad thing, but we are both in out mid 20's and sex shouldn't be predictable and boring. 

We decided to have a midweek night of drinking in the house. She had a bottle of wine and I had some ciders. We made a point to have a few drinks, lower our inhibitions and be open about what we want sexually. One glass of wine down, then another. I was onto my third cider. We were starting to loosen up and sex became the subject matter.

"Right, I am going to be brutally honest with you Anne, our sex life has become quite a bit dull. At our age we should be at it morning, noon and night. In bed, the shower, kitchen, fuck, any room in the house. Fuck, not just in the house, outside, in the car, anywhere." I was becoming louder and more animated as I was speaking. Anne was just looking at me, not giving anything away. She took another sip of her wine, put her glass down and looked at me. My heart began to speed up.

"You're right Nathan, I completely agree. We need to be more adventurous. We should be fucking like it is going out of fashion." There was passion in her voice, I liked it.

"Tell me what you would like Anne, don't hold back."

"I want you to fuck me, don't always make love to me. Sometimes I just want you to rip my clothes off, push me down and fuck my brains out. Tell me what you would like. Same rules, no holding back."

"Erm, okay. I am all for mixing it up, tender at times, rough and hard at others. If I am being truly honest, another thing I would like is a threesome." I paused there to see what the reaction would be. I was half expecting to be wearing her glass of wine, but no. Quite the opposite really.

"Oh really? I am a little shocked by that, but not in a bad way." She smirked. "What did you have in mind, another girl or guy?"

"Honestly, another guy. I would love to watch another guy fuck you, to see you suck his cock as I am fucking you. Is this bad? I just think it would be hot as fuck."

"No, of course it's not bad. I would be nervous to share our bed with another guy, as well as another girl if you would be up for that too?"

"Yeah I would." My attempts at trying not to sound too eager clearly never worked.

As the night went on we decided on the Saturday we would go out, hit a few bars in town and see if we could meet any suitors or our threesome. That night however I took Anne to bed and fucked her like never before.

Saturday night came, we both got dressed for the occasion. Anne in a figure hugging black dress and shoes, sexy black lacey bra, no pants or thong. I had on a smart pair of trousers, tight fitting t shirt and smart shoes. We both looked great, even if I do say so myself. We headed out to one of the bars in town and sat down for a drink. We were both nervous, it was obvious given that we were both quiet. We scoped the place out, saw a couple of guys who would have done, but no one that stood out. We finished our drink and left for the bar next door. Again, we ordered our drinks and sat at a table. The alcohol was working into our system because we began to relax and actually have a nice time just out chatting. Anne touched my knee.

"What about him at the bar ordering a drink?" she said.

As discreet as I could be I turned and checked the guy at the bar she was referring to. He was tall, slim, well groomed, well dressed. Almost too perfect. I turned back to face Anne, she had a playful smirk on her face as she took a gulp from her glass of wine. I smiled back, let out a slight chuckle.

"Yeah, he looks the part alright. How do we approach him and breach the subject though?" I asked.

"You leave that to me." She finished her drink, took her glass and walked to the bar. I watched as she quite clearly flirted with this guy. Part of me was beginning to get mad with jealousy, the other part of me was finding it quite a turn on. He looked over to me, then back to Anne. I saw he had payed for Anne's drink. She took a sip as their conversation continued. After what felt like a life time they both made their way back to the table.

"Hi, I'm Robert. You're wife here was just filling me in on what you are looking for tonight." He said as he shook my hand.

"Did she now? What exactly did she tell you? Please sit down. I am Daniel, by the way." I replied. He leaned in, then Anne did, then me.

"She told me you and her wish to add another element to your sex life and I am that element." His reply was cocky. It wasn't overly bad, just felt it was a bit cheesy. I knew Anne was dying to get her hands on him.

"You are that, my friend. What say we finish our drinks and continue this back at ours?"

Robert downed the last quarter of his pint, Anne took a large gulp of her wine, I left my cider half finished and we all left together. In the taxi home we exchanged pleasantries, just getting more familiar with our guest. Anne looked like she was getting way too into it.

We got back home and went to the living room. Robert and Anne sat down and got comfortable.

"Excuse me while I go to the bathroom." I said and left the room. I was only gone a minute, but when I got back Robert and Anne were all over each other. Kissing passionately on the couch. I could see their tongues roll off each other. His hands were running through her hair. Their lips parted and he began kissing her neck. Anne let out a little moan of pleasure. She then took the lead and her hand was down at his cock. Robert let out a moan and parted his legs to let Anne rub his clearly hard cock through his jeans. This was enough for me to go and join them. I sat on the couch at the other side of Anne. She turned to me and I kissed her hard. Robert had unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned his jeans and pulled his zip down. Anne didn't need any encouragement and put her hand into his boxers. We were still kissing as she pulled out his cock. He wasn't fully hard yet, she had to give it a few tugs to get him hard. He pulled her head away from me and kissed her. He then guided her head down to his cock. She jerked it slowly in front of her face, then opened her mouth and took the head in. I took the opportunity to take my trousers and boxers off. Watching her sucking on another mans cock was a turn on like I had never experienced before. I knew I had to compose myself as I didn't want to cum too soon. Especially before Robert had. As placid a guy as I am, there is still that competitive side in me that says no guy should show my wife a better time than me. 

Anne was now kneeling down on the floor between Roberts legs, his jeans were pulled down and chucked away by now and he was peeling his t shirt off. I followed suit, both of us were sitting naked on the couch. I was stroking my cock slowly, just watching Anne stroke the shaft of Roberts cock, as she sucked and licked the head. He was loving it, why wouldn't he be? He was on the couch having his cock sucked by another mans wife. I put my hand on her head and started to guide her towards me. She kneeled up and kissed me on the lips. I could taste Roberts cock on her breath. She then started kissing down my chest. She licked the length of my cock and took it in her mouth.

"Holy fuck." I let out. She gazed up at me and smiled. I smiled back. Robert angled himself so he could see her sucking my cock. I grabbed her head and began to encourage her to suck it faster, taking in more each time her head went down. She had her arm stretched out and was jerking Roberts cock. He leaned over and pulled her off my cock and back to his. He held her head still and began thrusting into her mouth. Anne was gagging as he thrust harder and deeper. Her saliva was running down his hard shaft. His moaning was getting louder.

Anne was back on her knees as she pleased Roberts cock with her mouth. I took the opportunity to lie down on the floor, face under her pussy. I grabbed her thighs and lowered her down onto my face. Her pussy was soaking. I nibbled and sucked on her clit. I could hear her beginning to moan louder. Nothing I love more than eating her nice trimmed cunt. She lifted her pussy a tad and I slid two fingers in. For a few seconds I slowly slid them in and out, then sped up. Finger fucking her as she went to town on Roberts cock.

Anne stood up. I stood up beside her. She kissed me and went to Robert. She straddled him and lowered herself down on his cock. They both let out a moan as she started to bounce up and down. She leaned over and he held her tight as they fucked. I stood on the couch so my cock was level with her face. I was wanking it slowly as Anne turned to face me. She opened her mouth. I guided my cock and rubbed the head along her lips. She stuck her tongue out to lick it. Robert had his face in between Anne's tits. He was licking and sucking her nipples. I teased the head of my rock hard cock into her mouth. She sucked on it, it was driving me wild. I pulled out her mouth and got off the couch. I stood behind her and kissed the back of her neck. I tilted her forward and my hand made my way down to her arse. My finger circled her arsehole and I edged it in. 

She stopped bouncing on Roberts cock, grabbed her arse and parted her cheeks. I spat on my hand and wet her arsehole, then again to wet my cock. I edged the head in to her arse slowly. She let out a moan, then leaned down to bite Roberts neck to muffle her scream. Gently I slid the head back and forth in her arse. It was tight, especially because Roberts cock was in her pussy. With each slow thrust I slid more of the shaft into her arsehole. It felt good. We never really did anal much. Anne was all but screaming as I started fucking her arse harder. She began to slide back up and down on Roberts cock in time with my thrusts. Robert grabbed her head and started kissing her, I leaned down to kiss and bite her neck. She was being ravaged and was loving every minute of it. My hands were all over her tits. 

Even though tonight was the first night I had ever met Robert, I could tell by the look on his face that he was getting close to cumming. He was moaning louder, there was nothing he could do as Anne was on top and in control. She was sliding up and down on his cock slowly, but going deep each time. 

"I am gonna cum." He moaned. Anne kissed him hard and passionately. His breathing became louder and deeper. I knew he was filling my wifes pussy with his cum. It didn't bother me. After a few seconds his cock flopped out of her pussy. She didn't get off him though, just leaned forward and let me fuck her arse more. I reached down to play with her clit as I banged into her arse faster. I didn't give her any notice as I shot a load of cum into her. 

"That's it babe, cum in my arse." She panted. Roberts cum was beginning to drip out of her cunt. I stayed in her for a minute then pulled out. She put her hand on her arse and left to go clean herself up. I sat on the couch next to Robert.

"Like that?" I asked.

"That was fucking hot tonight mate. If you are ever up for a repeat, I will give you my number." He said as he tried to regain his breath.

"I'd be up for that, all depends on Anne though. Tonight was all for her."

Robert began getting dressed as Anne came back in. She walked over and gave me a deep, passionate, lingering kiss. Her attention turned to Robert and she gave him the same.

"I was just telling Daniel if you are ever up for a repeat to give me a shout." Robert said.

"Hmm, that might be something to keep in mind." She returned. Robert was fully dressed and said his goodbyes. As we closed the door behind him I turned to Anne and gave her a long passionate kiss, my tongue rolling over hers.

"I had a great night tonight babe, hope you aren't too sore." I said to her and out lips parted.

"Not sore at all, I loved having two of you having your way with me. And I loved your cock in my arse, that will be something we can do more in the future."

"I am more than up for that babe."

"Good, but for now I am shattered, what say we go to bed and get some sleep?"

"Sounds good to me."

Anne went upstairs to bed as I picked our clothes off the floor and turned the lights out. I went and brushed my teeth and headed into the bedroom. Anne was already under the covers, fast asleep. I took a cigarette from the bedside table and lit it up. I took a draw from it, pulled the covers down and admired Anne's naked body.