 It was early spring, and I, Sophia, was meeting a friend to take the dogs for a walk in the park. I say a friend, James and I are friends now but he is also my ex-boyfriend, the one from directly before I met my husband, Luke. James and I hadn't really seen much of each other since ending our relationship, but had stayed in touch online over the years.

James was no different to how I remembered him from 5 years ago. Tall, dark haired with a cheeky mischievous smile. Walking around the woods and the canal with him was almost just like old times, but without the hand-holding and random kisses. Conversation flowed easily between us as we became reacquainted. After an hour of walking, we agreed the chill in the air was becoming too much so we decided on coffee at his place. 

Back at James', we sat in the living room, fire on and drinks in hand with the dogs passed out in the back room. The perfect way to spend a Saturday afternoon. Having had an intimate past with James, it meant no topic of conversation was off the table between us, and things always headed in the direction of sex when we spoke online, I don't know why I expected today to be any different.

"So, am I the last person you slept with other than Luke?" He asks. I know he is not asking if there was anyone between him and Luke, instead he wants to know if I've ever been unfaithful which is not a question I wanted to answer truthfully. 

"Yes, you were the last one I was with before I met Luke" I answer, tactfully. 

"You know that's not what I meant" I should have learnt I can never get away with word play around James, instead I fire the question back at him. 

"I know it's not, You want to know if I would or have ever been unfaithful. Were you ever unfaithful to Hannah?" Hannah is James ex-wife, they met not long after I met Luke and married at a similar time to us. I'd never met her, but he had told me about her several times.

"No, well not exactly. OK maybe." 

"Well now I'm intrigued, tell me more about not exactly, maybe being unfaithful." 

"She kissed me. Julia from Uni before she went travelling. Hannah went mad when I told her." 

"Well didn't you fancy Julia for ages? Of course she went mad at you, you idiot" The conversation kept flowing like this, I was impressed I'd distracted him from his initial question. But eventually the questions became quite probing again. 

"Have you ever had a threesome?" James asked as he handed me another drink. 

"No but I had the chance once at Uni. I was seeing a guy who really wanted me and his mate to have one with him. Ultimately I said no, it was a bit weird having two straight guys approach you for a threesome. Plus he wanted me to return the favour and arrange another one with a girlfriend of mine, but that was never going to happen with my friends!" 

"Would you want to have one?" 

"I've thought about it, but Luke and I are married now and you know how jealous I can be, I don't think I could share him. Have you had one?" 

"No but Mia suggested she would have one with me, I just wondered..." Mia is James' new housemate. He's only mentioned her once or twice previously, but he gave me the impression that she had a somewhat adventurous sex life where little was off limits. That reminded me of my early 20s, it was how I wanted to be during University, but a voice in the back of my mind always stopped me from doing anything too 'out there'.

"Look, James, you know I love Luke, I could never plan to cheat on him. If something just happened I'd deal with it as it's up to me to decide if I want to let it happen, but I'm never going to purposely set out to do it. OK?" That was the end of that conversation, and neither of us really knew what to say next so instead we ventured to put on film on Netflix as a distraction. 

At some point during the film, Mia came home and joined us for the rest of the film. She was prettier than I'd imagined, short and slim with long chestnut hair and bright blue eyes. She was also very relaxed that you couldn't help but like her. After the film, we talked about getting takeout for a while, arguing over the best places to go and whether it should be pizza or Chinese. 

"You girls decide what you want, I'll order it once I've been to the loo." Once James was out of the room, Mia came and sat next to me on the sofa. 

"You know he's really hoping we will hook up" she whispers "I heard you talking earlier, I'm sorry if he was pressuring you." 

"He always knows how to push the boundaries of our friendship, I'm used to it now." 

"You know if you ever change your mind..." breathed Mia as she leant forward and kissed me. Not a passionate kiss, but more than just a friendly peck. Her lips lingered just millimetres from mine as she waited for my reaction. 

"You know I'm married Mia" I responded, unsure what else I should do or say. 

"I know, to be honest, I expected you to push me away, but you haven't and that tells me enough about what you really want." With that she swung her leg over me and sat straddling my lap, she kissed me again, this time with her tongue playfully trying to part my lips, whilst her fingers playing with the bottom of my jumper. I didn't respond at first, I knew I should push her off and leave, but she was beautiful and I'd often wondered what it would be like with another woman. I should have explored more when I was younger, but maybe I could do that now, I might never get another chance. Before I'd consciously decided what to do, I was already kissing her back, passionately and urgently like she was all I'd ever wanted. Her hand had made its way up under my jumper, tracing the outline of my breasts. 

My hand made it ways round her back, to her perfectly tight bum, which seemed to give her all the permission she needed to keep going. She pulled my jumper over my head, then pulled off her own top before kissing me again and trailing her lips down my neck to the curve of my cleavage. She had such a petite frame, and small, pert breasts inside an innocent looking cream bra. 

Mia slowly stood up, and tugged on my hand, leading me from the sofa to the rug by the fireplace. 

"Are you going to stand there all day James, or are you going to get over here and join us?" My head shot up to the doorway as she said this, James was stood there, leaning against the door frame gaping at the scene unfolding on his sofa. I hadn't realised he was there and suddenly our earlier conversation rushed back into my mind. This was exactly what he had wanted to happen and I'd told him it was off the cards! 

"James, why don't you take off Sophia jeans, then mine?" This was more of an instruction than a question and he immediately joined us whilst Mia's fingers expertly slipped inside my bra, teasing my erect nipples before being replaced by her moist lips which continued to nibble and suck. I was so distracted by Mia that I barely registered James tugging at my belt and removing my jeans. James had continued to strip himself down to just his boxers whilst he watched Mia expertly navigate my body. It wasn't long before her kisses had trailed down passed my navel and her teeth we gently tugging and the top of my thong. 

I suddenly felt quite exposed, as I looked up at James naked torso. I was wearing a new lingerie set, red and black lace, and could feel his eyes wandering over my body. His gaze lingered over my bra and panties, making me remember he always liked red and black combinations. Then James kissed me, his mouth was rougher than Mia's, and my insecurities disappeared as I was consumed by the combination of James kiss and Mia's tongue rubbing my pussy through the thin lace.

"You two carry on," came Mia's voice, "I'll be back in a minute but if you two start fucking keep it slow until I get back." Then she was gone, bounding up the stairs. I felt much more nervous being alone with James, this felt more like infidelity than being with Mia, Mia was allowing me to explore new opportunities and fulfil fantasies that I couldn't with Luke. But I knew Mia would be back, I could hear the lust and desire in her voice before she left the room.

Slowly James removed my thong, "You remembered I like black and red," he joked as he slipped a finger inside my now soaking pussy. I let out a little moan as I felt him penetrate me, spurring him on push his finger deeper inside me, then two fingers. Involuntarily, my legs parted a little bit more and body started to move with him rhythm. I was no longer thinking about infidelity, all I wanted was to feel James hard cock throbbing inside me. 

Mia walked back in the room just as James was removing his boxers, freeing his erect penis. He was bigger than I remembered, bigger than Luke too. My hands glided down Lukes torso until my fingers met his erection and slowly rubbed up and down the shaft. She threw something at him, which he expertly caught and started to tear at. A condom packet. Soon my hand was nudged out of the way to make way for the condom, quickly followed by James bulging cock pressing against me. I was throbbing, wanting him inside me, that I'd almost forgotten Mia until I heard a faint whirring sound. She was sat back on the sofa, and as James penetrated me, her vibrator penetrated her. We both gasped in unison.

James fucked me hard and fast, and it was over all too soon. We both came quickly, me gasping for air as James moaned my name. Except it wasn't over yet. As soon as James was done, Mia was between my legs, her tongue darting over my clitoris, gently massaging my vulva as she prepared me for a second orgasm. As she did this, she deftly covered her vibrator with a condom, as James looked on. I could see he had another condom packet in his hand, he was equally getting prepared to go again. 

Once my breathing had returned to normal, Mia touched her vibrator to my vagina, teasing me, wanting me to beg for more. It worked, in seconds I could feel the wetness rising between my legs coating her toy, inviting it inside me. But she wasn't ready to give me what I wanted just yet, she continued to press it up against my vagina and as soon as it reached the opening to penetrate me, she would pull it away leaving me moaning with pleasure and intense sexual frustrations. 

After 10 minutes of this, James knelt behind Mia, pushing her onto all fours on top of me.

"Give it to her" he whispered to Mia, "I want us all to come together". With that Mia relented and allowed me to take her vibrator inside me, she turned up the speed to the middle setting and positioned the rabbit ears either side of my clitoris before turning on the pulsing vibrations. As she did so, James entered her from behind, I could see his hand come round to play with her nipples as she lowered her head to kiss me. Her tongue still tasted of my juices. At the same time, she moved her hands onto my wrists, holding me in place.

"I don't want you changing the settings" she gasped as her own orgasm began to rise inside her. I could feel my body beginning to buck, and my legs tensing although with both Mia and James kneeling between them I was stuck as I felt the tension building up inside me. My moans were getting louder, I never could orgasm quietly when it was clit stimulation, but after being fucked and now being restrained, I felt like I was losing control.

"Fuck" muttered James, "I'm nearly there, I want you both to come with me." Mia had stopped kissing me now and was groaning into my neck, I knew she was ready to release as was I. 

"Now" James breathed, "I'm coming". I felt the shudders of both his and Mia's orgasms pass through her body into mine as my own orgasm burst forth. My legs were quivering uncontrollably at this point, and my continued screams of pleasure with the bucking movements of my whole body reminded Mia she still had me pinned down whilst her vibrator tormented me, refusing to allow me any peace before quickly coming a third time that evening. She slowly removed her toy, rubbing it against me as she did so, enjoying watching me squirm as it passed over my incredibly sensitive clitoris.

James and Mia both collapsed next to me, a mass of entwined arms and legs as we each struggled to regain our composure. 

"I like her" exclaimed Mia laughing, "Can you invite Sophia round more often?"