 My wife Donna and I have a pretty good sex life. One of the things we enjoy occasionally doing involves erotic literature.

Sometimes I'll want the evening to be for me. I'll start reading a story out loud, and she'll start "working" on me. Over the course of the story or stories I read, she'll slowly jerk me off, or blow me, or ride me, often in combination. The only rule we have is that until I'm ready to come, she will stop doing whatever she's doing if I stop reading. Once I tell her I'm done, she will finish me off.

And there are nights when she'll want it to be all about here, and the situation is reversed. I'll ultimately get her off; up to that point I'll go down on her, or use my hands and fingers, or I'll pull out her favorite vibrator, whatever I feel like that night. And until she's ready to enjoy her orgasm, I'll stop doing whatever I'm doing if she stops reading aloud.

Until one night recently, her stories had always featured MF couples and their encounters. But on this night, she chose to read a story about a couple who invite a mutual female friend for a threesome, and it was the wife's first time having sex with another woman. I could tell by the way she was reading that she was really into this story. 

So this time, rather than doing whatever I wanted to stimulate her, as much as possible I did to her what the female acquaintance in her story was doing to the wife. I couldn't straddle her face and have her eat me, obviously; but other than that, I did my best to help her experience each sensation as the wife in the story experienced it. When she came, it was a pretty intense orgasm. 

She never read that story again, never asked me what I thought. And I never said anything or asked her why she read it; if she wanted to talk about it, she'd bring it up. She'd shared something very intimate and special with me, and I wasn't going to risk "breaking the mood".

So now we fast forward a few months. It was a Tuesday night, and we were out for dinner. Our server Carrie was extremely attractive, had a great sense of humor, and seemed like she enjoyed her job. At one point as she walked away from our table, Donna caught me staring at her butt, and called me on it. She was just giving me a hard time; she knows how much I appreciate (and am turned on by) a great ass.

Donna said "You do know she's been flirting with you, don't you?" 

My answer was "Yeah, but you do know she's also been flirting with you, too." 

She blushed a little, and simply said "I know."

When dinner was over and Carrie brought our check, there was a note inside the check holder. I opened it and read it, re-folded it, and put it into my pocket. Donna asked what it was, and I told her I'd tell her outside. We paid Carrie for the meal, and we headed for the car.

Once in the car, I handed the note to her. She read it, looked over at me, then read it again. The note read "Hi. If you're interested, I'd like to get to know you. You seem like you enjoy being with other, and I enjoyed talking to you." She named a quiet bar, and then said "I get off work Friday at 10pm. If you'd like to meet me for a drink Friday night, I'll be there between 10:30 and 10:45. Hope to see you then, Carrie."

Donna stared at me, and asked me if I'd set this up. I met her eyes and told her that I did not, although I suspect she wasn't convinced. She held the note in her hands and stared out the window the whole trip home, not saying a word.

When we got home and inside, I didn't turn the lights on. I told her to stand there and close her eyes. I lightly ran my finger down her spine, across her butt, down her arms, up the back of her legs. I walked around the front, put my finger on her lips, and quietly said "Don't speak. Just enjoy." I lightly caressed everything I could touch; I brushed her crotch and her boobs, but didn't pay any extra attention to them. I wanted her entire body to be alive and on fire.

I knew by her breathing that she was quite turned on. So without saying a word, I took her hand and still in the dark, walked her back to the bedroom. I slowly unbuttoned her blouse, and removed it. I helped her out of her shoes, unfastened her pants, and slowly pulled them down and off. I slowly removed her bra, and pulled off her panties.

Repeating my caresses from a few minutes ago when she was clothed, I lightly touched her entire nude body. I could feel the heat and dampness between her legs, and her nipples were at full attention. I don't think I've ever seen her that turned on pretty much only from anticipation. 

I gently pushed her down on the bed, and climbed on the bed beside her. I started with her lips, and kissed my way down her body to her crotch, stopping just before I reached her bush. I moved down and kissed and licked my way up the inside of each leg, eventually closing my lips on her pussy. As turned on as Donna was, it didn't take very long for her to have a thunderous climax. I had my arms wrapped under her legs and my fingers locked over her abdomen, effectively holding her against my face while she came in waves.

Once she settled down, I crawled up beside her and held her. After a few minutes, I asked how it was. Her response is exactly what I hoped it was; Donna simply said "She was great".