 As we followed Carrie to her house, I could tell Donna was tense. I told her again that whatever happened or didn't happen was up to her. "If you want to call it off, just say so. I'll tell Carrie thanks, and we'll leave." She took a deep breath, and said "Nope. I'm nervous, but I'm also really turned on. I have to see what happens."

We followed Carrie inside, and she offered us the couch. For the only time in this whole adventure, I steered my wife; I sat down on one end so she had to sit in the middle. Carrie went into the kitchen, and came back with two glasses of wine and a bottle of water. She handed me the water, handed Donna a glass, and sat down next to her, like I hoped she would. 

It was an awkward moment; neither of us knew what to do or say. Thankfully, Carrie took the lead. She sat her glass down and took one of Donna's hands. With her other hand, she gently turned Donna's head so they were looking at each other, and asked "Are you OK with this?" She blushed a bit, smiled, and nodded.

Carrie stood up and still holding Donna's hand, and said "C'mon. Walk with me." With very little hesitation, she stood up too, and let Carrie lead her down the hall.

Part of me wanted to follow them like a puppy, but I knew if I did that, I'd kill the mood. I knew I needed to give them some time alone. I went to Carrie's stereo and flipped it on, finding a smooth jazz station. I took my shoes off and sat back down on the couch, and relaxed as well as I could under the circumstances.

After what felt like an eternity (but was really about 30 minutes), I walked very quietly down the hall. When I got to Carrie's bedroom door and looked in, I will never forget what I saw. Donna was nude and laying on her back; Carrie was laying naked between her legs, gently licking and fingering my beautiful wife's pussy. And the look on Donna's face told me Carrie knew what she was doing. 

I'd often fantasized about this, but the fantasy was nothing when compared to its reality. I watched for a few minutes, mesmerized, as Donna finally came in what seemed like a 3 minute orgasm.

Once Donna regained her senses, Carrie said "Someone's watching. I think he should take his clothes off and join us." I undressed, and as I crawled onto the bed next to Donna, and Carrie slid up her other side. I leaned forward and kissed Donna, then leaned farther over and lightly kissed Carrie, and said "That was incredible." It sounded lame, but I really didn't have words to describe what I just saw.

After a couple minutes, Donna said "I'm not sure I'm ready to return the favor, but if you don't mind, I'm sure he would love to do it for me. He's not half bad at it." Carrie smiled, and rolled onto her back. It was then that I noticed she was completely clean. I'd seen bald pussies in pictures and movies, but never in person.

I crawled between her legs, and kissed & licked my way up the inside of her thighs. I looked up and while Donna was laying beside her, she was gently playing with Carrie's tits. She was caressing them, lightly pinching her nipples. As I reached the top of Carrie's thighs, she started talking to Donna but really she was telling me what she wanted me to do to her.

"Donna, you really should try shaving once. When he goes down on you, he can get your whole pussy in his mouth. It feels incredible." So I did what Carrie said, opening my mouth and enclosing it around her outer lips. "He can keep you in his mouth, and he can lick your lips at the same time." Which is what I did.

"And while he's got your outer lips hot and wet in his mouth, he can push his tongue between your lips and lick inside. He can slide his tongue inside, flick it back and forth and around your clit, while he's still got his mouth pressed against your entire pussy."

I wondered how my wife was handling it emotionally watching me eat Carrie as she coached me through how she wanted to be eaten. As long as she didn't stop me, I was going to keep doing what I was asked to do. But then, before Carrie could say anything else, I slipped two fingers inside her and started moving them in and out and around inside. She got quiet, grabbed Donna's hand, and came. Her vaginal muscles tightened around my fingers; she clamped down hard, and I could only imagine what it would feel like to be inside her at that moment.

After calming down from her orgasm, Carrie said "You're right. He ain't half bad. Any chance I can watch the two of you make love?" 

I climbed on top of Donna, and without thinking about it, I kissed her as I slowly slid all the way inside and buried myself as deep as I could get. I'm sure I tasted like Carrie at that point; I realized later that this was probably Donna's first taste of another woman. But I don't think Donna cared; she was as turned on as I've ever seen her. Between Carrie getting her off orally and her watching me do the same to Carrie, she was ready.

Sometimes Donna and I make love, gentle and easy, and sometimes we fuck each other. This time we made love; there was an emotional aspect of what we were doing that you could almost hold in your hands, and it seemed to heighten all our senses. 

I'm both a voyeur and an exhibitionist; it was an incredible thrill knowing that an absolutely beautiful naked woman was laying beside us on the bed and watching us go at it. This woman had just eaten her to an earth-shattering orgasm, and I had just returned the favor by eating her to her own climax.

I was so turned on, I had to slow down a few times to keep from coming too fast. Finally, Donna told me to go for it, and give Carrie a show. I make a lot of noise when I come, and I knew this one was going to be a loud one. 

But as I was settling into my rhythm, I felt Carrie work her hand between us, so she could rub Donna's clit while I was sliding in and out. She also leaned down and brushed her lips against Donna's. Donna didn't pull away from the contact, and she had to know it was Carrie, not me, kissing her. Carrie gently kissed her a few times, then looked up at me, smiling.

My response to Carrie was to mouth one word: "faster". If she was going to try and get Donna to come again before I came, she was gonna have to hurry; seeing her kiss Donna was enough to take me past the point of no return. And hurry she did; just as I reached my orgasm, I felt Donna's pussy tighten around me as she came again. I'm really glad Carrie lives in a house, rather than apartment. Not sure what her neighbors would have thought as I roared and unloaded inside my wife. 

As I was catching my breath, it dawned on me that Donna and I had never actually come at the same time. We got close at times, but never achieved true simultaneous orgasms. It was one of the most awesome things I have ever experienced.

I leaned down and kissed my wife again, then rolled off of her. I lay there panting, having just had one of the most intense climaxes I've ever had. This was going better than I could have ever imagined. Carrie asked Donna, "Do you mind if I clean up the mess he just made?" I wondered how she would react to such a blunt question and with me there, but she surprised me with her answer: "What am I gonna say, no to getting oral sex?" 

So Carrie crawled back between Donna's legs, and began lazily licking up both my come and my wife's pussy juices. I could see by the look on her face that she was enjoying the oral attention she was getting. After maybe 60 seconds, she whispered "Oh, shit" and she came again in Carrie's mouth. She bucked hard, but Carrie stayed with her. Once she had returned to earth yet again, Carrie climbed back up beside her.

"I love doing that. I love going down on a woman right after she's come while fucking her boyfriend or husband. You have no idea how sensitive you are, and how quickly I can get you off again. It always comes as a surprise, and I love doing it."

At that point, it felt like the night was winding down. I have never been so glad to be wrong.

Then Carrie asked me why I waited for a while to come back, and why I stood at the door for a few minutes after I got to the bedroom. 

"Well, I knew that the only way Donna would be able to relax would be by herself with you. The pressure of my being in the room with her could have made her just tense enough that she would have stopped. Or if she continued, she might not have been relaxed enough to really enjoy it. The only way this had a chance of successfully happening was for me to give the two of you some time alone.

"When I finally got to the bedroom door, what I saw was one of the most beautiful things I have ever seen. If I live to be a hundred, I will never forget that sight. And I felt an interesting mix of intense turn-on and jealousy. Watching someone other than me get her off was such a turn-on, my dick was so hard it hurt. But I also knew she was sharing something with you that she could never share with me. As a guy, I know there's an emotional level I can't get to. So I was a little jealous of you; you were sharing something emotionally with her I can't.

"At the same time, she was experiencing something she had never experienced; she was sharing something emotionally with you she'd never been able to share with anyone. If I'd stripped and jumped into bed, I would have interrupted that. And I couldn't that; I could never steal that moment from either of you.

"And, honestly, I knew I'd get mine at some point in the evening. I was content to wait."

Carrie laughed. "Almost every other guy in your situation would have followed us back to the bedroom, taken his clothes off, and jumped between us with his dick in one hand and one of my tits in the other. And that's ok, on some level. It would still be fun. But you're one of the few guys who understands the emotional connection between two women, and one of the very few who was patient enough to let things play out at their own speed instead of forcing them."

She then looked at my wife and said "Donna, if you don't mind, I'd like say thanks to your husband by giving him a blowjob that will curl his toes. Would you be ok if I did that?"

Donna looked at me and said "I've been on the receiving end of that wonderful mouth twice. You should get to enjoy it, too. So consider this as my way also of saying thanks."

I kissed Donna then leaned back and said "How did she put it? What am I gonna say to oral sex, no?"

Carrie crawled across my wife and settled in between us so she could lean across me. Facing away from me, she took me into her mouth. I've never been quick to recover after coming; it has always taken me a little time before I could get hard again. But Carrie was as talented sucking cock as she was eating pussy; much to my surprise, she had me erect very quickly.

Donna lay down beside me and watched Carrie work her magic. Now that it was me on the receiving end of Carrie's obvious oral talents instead of her, I wondered if it would be too much for her. She didn't anything, so I just lay back and enjoyed it.

I've never had a bad blowjob; some are ok, some are good, some are great. But I've had very few that could compare with the one I was getting from Carrie. After a few minutes, Donna heard the familiar change in my breathing that signals my approaching orgasm. When she recognized that change in breathing, she told Carrie to stop.

She pulled her mouth off my dick, leaving it standing at attention. After a short time to let me calm down, Donna told Carrie she could continue. It didn't take long for my breathing to change again; again she told Carrie to stop, and again Carrie pulled off. I was getting close; it wasn't going to be long before I came again.

Donna told Carrie to continue again, and this time it didn't take very long at all for me to start that deep breathing that immediately precedes my orgasm. This time, she firmly said "Carrie, stop and don't move. Do Not Move." I was almost whimpering; I was maybe half dozen bobs of her head away from coming, and Donna knew it. Carrie stopped where she was, and this time remaining motionless while she kept me in her mouth.

Donna looked down at me and said "You were right earlier. If you'd been back here, I don't know if I could have relaxed enough to enjoy this. And I HAVE enjoyed it. I really appreciate you putting me first, letting me to call the shots, letting me take this whole experience at my own pace. You being patient has allowed me to enjoy this experience to the fullest. Carrie, wait a few seconds, and then help me finish this poor boy off."

Donna leaned down and kissed me as hard and deep as she's ever kissed me. I'd never been in a threesome before, so I could only fantasize about what it was like to be kissed and blown at the same time. It was incredible. Now, instead of wanting to come, I wanted to hold off as long as possible so I could enjoy the sensation.

Alas, they were too good at what they were doing, and I was too close to coming. Carrie resumed working on me with that incredible mouth, and between that and the sensations I was experiencing with Donna's lips locked on mine, I was at the point of no return in seconds.

When Donna sensed I was about to come, she buried her face against my neck, which allowed me hold her while I exploded in Carrie's mouth. I don't know how many spasms I had. But it seemed like my orgasm went on and on, and I never wanted it to stop.

After a while I began to calm down, and I whispered in Donna's ear, "Do you mind if I kiss her? I mean, really kiss her? You know how I love kissing you after you do that." She smiled and simply said "Go for it."

Carrie still held me in her mouth, releasing me as I finally went limp. "Carrie, would you kiss me?" She smiled, moved in over me, bent down, and kissed me long and hard. She said "You know, I love trying to kiss guys after I blow them. A few want nothing to do with it; most will tolerate it considering what I just did to them. A few are ok with it, finding out that their come doesn't taste that bad. But out of all the guys I've ever given blowjobs to, you're the first one who ever asked me to kiss him after he'd come in my mouth."

I realized then that I'd come twice, and Donna had come three times. But Carrie, only once. I mentioned this, and I asked her if there was anything I could do to remedy that; I wanted to make sure she got as good as she gave. She rolled over on her belly to reach into her nightstand. I told her not to move, then proceeded to spend about 5 minutes kissing and licking and biting and otherwise worshiping her magnificent ass. Donna said "He's been wanting to do that all night. No, he's probably been wanting to do that since we met you Tuesday night." I laughed and said "Since Tuesday."

I stopped nibbling on Carrie's butt, and she pulled out a Pocket Rocket, and handed it to me. My wife said "Oh, he knows what to do what that."

I started working on Carrie with the vibrator and much to her surprise and mine, Donna reached down and tentatively inserted a finger into Carrie's pussy. I slowed down a bit and let her "feel her way around", so to speak. After a few minutes of just teasing Carrie while Donna fingered her, I resumed working in earnest on Carrie's clit, and Donna continued to do to Carrie what I assume she likes having done to her. When Carrie came, Donna kept her finger inside. She said "Wow. That's an incredible feeling when she tightened up. That was kinda neat."

I asked if I could snuggle between them for a while, my beautiful and sexy wife in one arm and our beautiful and sexy new friend in the other. It was the perfect end to an incredible night. 

I wouldn't be surprised if we do occasionally experiment sexually with other people. 

Our first threesome was wonderful. I didn't get to experience being inside Carrie, but I'm not losing any sleep over it considering how the entire evening went. Donna's first lesbian experience was a good one; she did what she was comfortable doing, and enjoyed everything she did. She even discovered that she also has a bit of voyuer in her, as long as it's in the right set of circumstances; she told me later that watching Carrie give me a blowjob was in incredible turn-on for her.

I can see her wanting to try this again; there was enough curiosity (and excitement, when she had her finger inside Carrie as I vibed Carrie to another orgasm) to make me believe she might be open to another FFM threesome. If that happens, hopefully I can enjoy being the center of attention for part of the time; I got a brief taste of it when Donna was kissing me and I was in Carrie's mouth, and I liked it.

I'm also hoping Donna would consider a threesome with another guy; I'd love to make her the "meat" in a MFM sandwich, where he and I are primarily focused on her pleasure. There are a number of things we could do to almost push her into sensory overload, and I've got some cuckold fantasies I'd like to experience.

And to be honest, if the chance for me to have sexual contact with him would present itself, I fully intend to take advantage of it; I've always been curious what it's like to have sex with another guy. 

Regardless of whether or not we ever include someone else again in a sexual adventure, we will never be the same individually, or as a couple. Thanks to Carrie, a sexual world that neither Donna nor I knew existed has been opened up to us. Making love to Donna has never been as enjoyable as it has been after our night with Carrie. We are more in tune with each other both physically and emotionally, and the pleasure we take from and give to each other during sex is more intense--and satisfying--than it's ever been.