 Lucy gave us some space while I stroked Carissa's hair.

"You know I wanted to do this for us, right?" I said quietly. "We can stop here if you want."

Carissa eyed me speculatively, then licked her lips.

"No," she said, "I'm turned on. I like it."

Lucy came back with some more oils, shoved me onto my back and, straddling me, started massaging my chest with wide circles of her hands.

It was clear Lucy did this professionally, which is why we chose her. She had a girl-next-door look, blonde hair worn up, cuvy and big tits. She made it clear this was between us, that she was only here to facilitate our pleasure, and never spoke.

On top of me, she wore a red corset number with garters and lots of lace, her nails were painted red and dug into my pecs just slightly as she massaged her way down my body. 

My wife Carissa, in contrast, wore black. A slim build, the bra accentuated her subtle curves and the criss-cross panties drew my eyes to her hips, taut belly and tanned skin. She looked amazing. her long brown hair tumbled in soft curves around her face, I couldn't believe how lucky I was that she had been willing to try this.

Then I was distracted once again as Lucy ran her hands down my abs, then lower to begin to stimulate my limp cock.

------ x o

My husband was clearly having the time of his life. His eyes rarely left mine, and I was caught between arousal, slight apprehension and curiosity as I watched Lucy slither over his body with pure sexual energy.

I realized, like a porn movie, she was just an object, which kept my jealousy at bay. And we would both enjoy her just like we would any other sex toy.

She took my husband's dick in her mouth and I watched, feeling indescribably turned on, as I watched her get him hard once again. Then she stood, pressing her breasts up against him and squeezing his ass, and I realized I was turned on because she was showing me how I could do the same thing with confidence.

Then she smiled, turning towards me and grabbed the back of my neck and pushed her tongue into my mouth. Absently, I heard my husband groan as she clutched my breasts and then stroked along my jaw with both thumbs.

I felt my husband pull me onto his lap so that I was straddling him backwards and Lucy followed, sandwiching me between them. He began undoing my bra as Lucy slicked her hands with more oil and began to massage my breasts, brushing her thumbs over my nipples.

He kissed my shoulder, bit at my earlobe as Lucy continued to touch me, trailing her hands down my belly and between my legs. Blake gripped my hips and began to rock me against his erection. I felt overwhelmed with sensation, letting my head roll to the side as he nibbled and sucked at my neck, grinding myself against his hard cock as I felt myself grow wet again.

I moaned as Blake pulled my panties aside once more and lifted my hips to slide himself into my wetness.

"Mmm baby," I heard him say, "You are so sexy right now."

Lucy began to kiss me once more as I rode his stiff cock. I felt Blake grab my ass, encouraging me to ride him harder as I felt my climax building.

"Oh, God," I said each time I rocked backwards, my channel tightening with each delicious bounce along his thickness. "Oh, God."

Lucy moved aside as I felt Blake flex his hips every time I slapped down to bottom out on his fully erect cock. Once, twice, and I felt myself cumming violently and let out a loud moan.

Heart pounding and slightly shaky, he sat up, cradling me and pulling me alongside him to cuddle me in close. He kissed me deeply until I felt my heart calm and my breathing settle, running his hand gently along my back.

"Oh, God, that was so good," I purred. He grinned and kissed my nose.

"Good."

"I want to watch you cum," I said.

Pure male pleasure crossed his face. 

"Well, if you insist."

I nestled into the covers as I watched Lucy shimmy teasingly out of her lingerie, unbuttoning her top first and then wriggling her hips out of her panties, tossing them at Blake. He caught her around the waist, then pushed her towards the couch.

"Bend over, slut."

She gave him a smoldering look, batting her eyelashes, then stepped one foot onto the couch and bent sensually forward, rubbing more oil over her buttcheeks and thrusting out her ass. He spanked it, the wetness giving a loud slap, then thrust inside her without preamble. Her ass rippled as he fucked her roughly and occasionally gave her a swat.

Pulling out, he reversed their positions. Sitting and gripping her hips, she lifted both feet onto the couch as he thrust upward and fucked her cowgirl style, her breasts bouncing as he simultaneously pulled her down onto his pelvis.

He grunted, increasing the pace, frantically jackhammering and slamming himself into her. With one final hard thrust, he came with a loud groan, then slumped back into the couch.

She gathered up her clothes and then, with a wink at me, left the room.

And that was our first threesome.