 I'm going to take you back a few years, to a time just after grad school, when I was living in California, with my girlfriend Liz. We had a nifty three-story townhouse apartment with a fireplace and view of the bay. I was working as a designer during the day and playing in a cover band at night.

Liz was a prototypical California blonde. Smarter than most, but wrapped in a tanned, toned, small-breasted body that was unlike any I've been with before or since. She looked like she was moving when she was standing still.

Liz was the porn renter in the household. She had a shy curiosity about women, and loved the threesome scenes in porn movies as a result. She especially loved the scene in which two women sucked a cock together and then kissed each other.

I had a flirty relationship at work with a woman named Jill, a pretty copywriter. She had a distinct Irish lushness about her, and I dug her. We went to lunch and flirted endlessly but innocently.

Let's jump forward to a particular Friday night in a bar downtown. I'm playing. Many people from work are there, as was Liz, of course. Liz and Jill end up at the same table.

The night proceeds. Jill and Liz dance together. Coworkers trickle out, but Jill stays. Big Stupid Boyfriend swears to himself on the bandstand that Liz and Jill are flirting with each other. He rejects it, of course, as the wishful thinking of, well, a Big Stupid Boyfriend.

The night ends. We pack up. Jill is still there. Curious.

I'm ready to leave. Jill and Liz are still at the table together. I suggest breakfast, and Jill accepts.

We pile into my little Toyota. I feel Liz looking at me. "Why don't we just go to our place and light a fire? We can make breakfast there, right?"

"Sounds great," Jill says. Big Stupid Boyfriend gets hard.

We do just that. I'm pretty sure I cooked us all breakfast. But really, the story was the fire, and the three of us in front of it, drinking wine, and what happened next.

Backrub number one was Liz, rubbing me, with my shirt off. Backrub number two was Jill in front of me, so I could rub her while Liz rubbed me. Again, shirt off, inhibitions dropping.

Backrub number three was Jill rubbing Liz. I offered to get some more wine—really an excuse to give them a chance to get comfortable with each other without BSB poking at them—and when I came back, they were making out, hands on each other's breasts, a tangle of hair and silken skin.

I slipped behind Liz and kissed her neck and shoulders. She sighed and leaned back against me while Jill found her way down to Liz's breasts with her tongue. Liz leaned her head back, and we kissed. Jill worked her way back up, and the three of us made out there in front of the fire.

Bras off. A complication of bodies working rhythmically against each other. A hand grabbing aggressively at my cock through my jeans. I think it must be Jill's. Another hand guiding the first. Definitely Liz pressing Jill's hand against me. Tongues in ears and necks and the fine, gentle shadows beneath the jaw. 

Pants off.

Liz goes down on Jill while Jill and I make out. She reaches for my cock, strokes it in rhythm with her own breath, and we work our way into a daisy chain, Liz going down on Jill, Jill sucking me, me going down on Liz.

Jill comes, lips around me, voice vibrating against my cock. Liz kisses her, and we all three kiss again. 

I go back to work on Liz, sucking her clit hard into my mouth and flicking my tongue quickly over it. Jill kisses around my ass. Liz lifts her head, sees Jill with her tongue in my asshole, and comes.

We sit up. Liz climbs my body seductively, holds my cock in her hand, and kisses me as she strokes me into Jill's mouth. Then she works her way back down and has her porno-movie moment. BSB didn't exactly mind.

We go into the bedroom. I go down on Jill as the two of them kiss. I work my way back up and slip behind her. She puts me inside her. We move like that, me behind her, her kissing Liz, until I feel a tickle between our thighs. Liz's fingers on Jill's clit. Jill comes again, squeezing my cock for all it's worth. 

Liz lays her head back on Jill's stomach—Jill's breasts on one side, her pussy on the other. I slip into my girlfriend, that sexy-familiar feeling of her sweet bubble-gum folds. Jill cradles her as we fuck, looking me in the eye as it gets more intense. When it's clear Liz is going to come, Jill leans forward and kisses her. Liz comes, which makes me come. We all make out a bit more and fall asleep that way, a tangle of satisfaction.

I wake up to motion—the two of them making out, slowly, morning-style. Liz has her hand on my cock. Another mélange of bodies, until we end up in a mirror image of the night before: Jill with her pretty Irish face between Liz's legs, Liz with her head resting back on my stomach, her head turned to the side, sucking me into her mouth. After Liz comes, Jill rests her head on my leg, stroking me as Liz sucks me, just observing, caressing, helping. I come in Liz's mouth as Jill lifts her head to watch. Again, we all kiss and fall back to sleep.

When our "second" morning came, we got up and—yes—finally went to breakfast, generally looking like three people who had just done what we had just done.