 The story about how I came to know the Corbett's seemed to be a little weird, at least at first. I was 38, and had been divorced for three years. I wasn't dating anyone special, meaning I wasn't getting laid on a regular basis either. Meeting nice ladies seemed to be tough, especially when I worked over 60 hours a week. I tried various ways of, um, working out my frustration, from X-rated movies to outrageously expensive skin magazines. One of my more recent hobbies was to post personal ads at various sites on the Internet in hopes that I could meet a decent woman, or at the very least find a little no-strings-attached sex. My ads were quite simple.

"Intelligent, attractive late-30's white male searching for a stimulating relationship with healthy well-adjusted female with sense of humor. I'm tall, in reasonably good shape, have light brown hair and brown eyes. I enjoy cooking and hate cats. A love of uninhibited sex is a plus." I didn't think it was a bad ad, but I got almost zero response. Most replies I got were links to sites where you could pay to look at lousy pornographic pictures, or where you could shell out $4.99 per minute to have phone sex with "a teenage slut."

That's why I was totally fucking surprised when I read the email message from a lady named Jessica Corbett who said she was responding to my ad. This definitely wasn't the kind of thing I was expecting to see. She wrote, "We're Jessica and Matt Corbett. We're happily married, in our mid-30's, and are exploring the possibility of fulfilling one of our long time fantasies. I (Jessica) have fantasized for years about having sex with two men, one of them being my hubby, Matt. He is willing to give it a try if we can find the right man to join us. 

Matt is straight and wants to keep it that way. You're probably wondering why I'm writing to you about this. We didn't want to talk to anyone who made a regular habit of ....fucking strange couples :-) We were looking for somebody who sounded normal but who might be interested in something different. How does helping to fulfill a really nice couples' most erotic fantasy sound? We also happen to be good looking, clean, and very very sexual. If you're interested in talking further about this, please let us know and we'll be happy to discuss the possibility. - Jessica and Matt"

My first reaction was to blow the message off and ignore it, but I didn't delete it right away. It sat there in my inbox and I found myself reading it every time I saw it when I was checking my email. I liked how open they sounded, and I was impressed at their attempt to screen out "undesirable" men by choosing apparently unlikely candidates. But even more than that, after I thought about it for awhile, I started finding the whole idea really kind of appealing. After all, I was a red-blooded American male with a perfectly healthy sex drive, thank you very much. I also liked the voyeuristic aspect of it. And, the possibility of actually being able to help make someone's fantasy into reality was actually quite a turn on. The more I thought about it the sexier the idea became.

Six days after the message from Jessica and Matt appeared in my inbox, I replied with the following note. "My name is Tim. I must say your message about your search for the right man to help fulfill your fantasy is more than a little interesting. I like your honesty. Let's discuss it some more."

After that, a long period of email exchanges began. Some were just getting acquainted kind of stuff, but after awhile they became more intimate. After about a month, we sent pictures of ourselves to each other. I was even more curious about these people (ok, especially Jessica) when I got the picture of them. Wow!! Jessica was even hotter than I had imagined. Her description of herself in her notes told me that she was about 5'5", medium framed, busty, with long reddish-brown hair and blue eyes. Her picture showed me what her descriptions couldn't. Jessica had lovely full lips and a mischievous smile, a curvy, feminine shape which she dressed to accentuate perfectly, and an expression of smoldering sensuality. Matt wasn't a bad looking guy. He was about my size, on the tall side, with dark brown hair and intelligent blue eyes. In the picture Matt was looking at Jessica. You could just tell by his dreamy expression that he was crazy about her.

Our notes to each other talked about everything from our daily lives to our philosophies of life and love. They told me they'd been married for nine years and had no kids. Jessica was a well established stock broker, and Matt was an high demand mechanic who specialized in restoring antique cars. They both seemed really nice and kind of average. I guess that's why I was so surprised about how they talked about sex. They weren't the least bit afraid to tell me any details I wanted to know. Their priority in this matter seemed to be the pure physical thrill of it as well as it being a memorable, one-of-a-kind experience for everyone.

The more I talked to them, the more I seemed to like everything I knew about them. And the more I liked them, the more arousing the idea of a hot bedroom session with them became. And that arousal turned into glowing hot excitement when I got the Corbett's note saying that they were ready to meet in person. I was peculiarly touched when they told me that I would be the first guy they'd actually felt comfortable enough to meet.

We made plans to meet the following Friday night at a nice local restaurant/bar. I spent the next four days constantly thinking about the upcoming meeting. I alternated between fantasizing about how hot I thought this could be, and wondering about how bad I was afraid it could be. I was a little anxious but totally excited about the prospects. I masturbated more than once with Jessica on my mind. On Friday evening, I left home badly wanting things to go well. 

When I arrived at Carlito's, as requested I went into the bar section of the place. I saw them already sitting in a large booth along the back wall. As I walked up to the table, I could see that they were holding hands, and both of them were smiling. I reached out and shook Matt's hand first, then Jessica's, introducing myself. They invited me to sit, and my heart rate sped up a little when they both scooted over, making room for me next to Jessica. It didn't escape my attention that we'd just met and already she was positioned in the center between the two guys.

We made small talk as I ordered my drink, and I tried not to be too obvious as I checked the two of them out. I thought both of them were even better looking than they were in their picture. Jessica was nothing short of stunning. She was wearing a thin maroon v-neck sweater that buttoned down the front and hugged her shapely full breasts. The sweater was paired with a black knit skirt that fell just above her knees. Her long reddish brown hair was nearly waist-length and was hanging free. I had a momentary fantasy vision of having a grip on her thick, luxurious hair, using it to pull her forward as she sucked my cock. I recovered quickly and gave her my friendliest smile. She smiled easily in return but seemed to be a little nervous.

Matt was dressed much like I was in light colored blue jeans and a navy blue sweater. He seemed somewhat more relaxed than Jessica, and he was almost constantly touching her as if to reassure and soothe her. I liked them both almost immediately. She was sexy and a little shy, and he was nice enough and obviously in love with her. We each finished off a drink while talking about trivial things, laughing at each other's jokes, and just becoming familiar with each other.

We ordered another round of drinks and Matt suggested that we all play a game of pool. We had fun shooting around and continued to get more and more comfortable with each other. At one point, Matt and I were standing alone while Jessica went around the table to make a shot. He quietly asked me if I thought I wanted to go through with this. I told him I did, and he nodded, smiling. Both of us turned to watch Jessica take her shot, and she did it with such feminine grace that we were both momentarily breathless. She bent over toward us, lining up her shot, and just before she hit the ball, she looked up and flashed each of us a sizzling hot smile. Her look melted me where I stood.

When we all went back to the table and sat down, we again sat with Jessica in the middle, only this time we were much closer. My leg was pressed up against one of hers on one side, and Matt's was on the other. All of her apprehension now seemed to be gone. She leaned over and whispered something to Matt, and I saw him nod his head. Jessica turned to me and looked into my eyes, then she gently kissed my lips. Her lips felt so soft and sweet, and I was disappointed when she pulled away.

She then turned back to her husband and kissed him the same way. I liked watching her kiss him. Matt kissed her back even harder, and I felt my crotch twitch when he reached across Jessica and grabbed my hand, guiding it and placing it on her leg. I heard her gasp while still kissing Matt as I gently caressed her leg, from her knee on up to her thigh. It was such a turn on watching them kiss so passionately while touching her leg. She was wearing a pair of silky black stockings, or maybe panty hose, and I could feel the heat from her skin through them.

He broke their kiss and Jessica again turned to look at me. Her eyes had a glazed, faraway look as she pressed her warm lips to mine. I continued stroking her leg while kissing her. Matt had his upper body closely pressed to her back, and his hand was holding on to her shoulder. Out of the corner of my eye I could see him nuzzling her neck and at that moment her lips parted, and I could feel her tongue softly enter my mouth. 

Right then I knew how bad I really wanted her. I didn't care that Matt would be there fucking her at the same time, I just had to have her. Her tongue was exploring mine as I started running my hands up and down her increasingly pliant body. I couldn't help it. I wanted to feel every inch of Jessica.

Suddenly her moist lips pulled away from mine. She looked at Matt, her eyebrows raised questioningly. He nodded with a smile and gave her a quick kiss. He regarded me. "We'd like to get out of here and go somewhere more private. Like our house. What do you think, Tim?"

They had decided that they wanted me. Matt had just asked me if I'd be the one to join them. I was flattered....and incredibly turned on. Looking at Jessica's excitement-flushed face and hearing the enthusiasm in Matt's voice made me think this was the best risk I'd taken in a long time.

"I'd love to see your house. And more privacy sounds great. Do you want to give me directions, or should I follow you?" I wondered how far away they lived. I was eager to be alone with them. 

Matt asked me if it would be all right if he drove. He promised me a ride back, "later."

I agreed, and he quickly summoned the waitress and paid our bill. He helped Jessica on with her black leather coat, and we headed outside. Matt led the way to their car, parked directly in front of the bar under the streetlights. I couldn't believe I'd missed it earlier. They had driven a 1955 Chevrolet Bel Air convertible. It was to die for...all original, solid black paint with a white top. It was a two-door, and Matt unlocked and opened the passenger side door. He took Jessica's hand and helped her in. She slid all the way to the middle of the bench seat.

Matt walked around his awesome car and climbed in behind the wheel. Jessica leaned over looking at me, and patted the seat next to her. I slid in beside her as Matt started the car. It fired up with a meaty growl, and we were on our way. The car had a wide seat, and it was the perfect size for the three of us. I reached over and repositioned my hand on Jessica's smooth leg. I felt great when Matt smiled at me and nodded his head in approval.

As we pulled out of the parking lot, Jessica turned the radio to a contemporary rock station. She tapped her fingers against my leg to the beat of the music. I leaned over and kissed her, and her arm came up and circled around my neck, pulling me in closer. I could feel the heat radiating off of her. She was really getting into this.

Matt was driving with one hand and gripping her knee closest to him. She kissed me, freely giving me her tongue, as my fingers trailed up her leg, higher and higher up her thigh. Her breathing was quickly becoming fast and ragged. So was mine. My cock throbbed steadily in my pants, begging for attention.

I had the overwhelming urge to reach up and feel her breasts, or maybe slide my hands down her skirt and into her panties, but I didn't want to spoil the mood by moving too fast. I wanted to let Jessica and Matt take what they wanted from me, without rushing them or cheating myself by hurrying. This felt way too good to end too soon.

I broke the kiss, and reached up and traced the outline of her face with my fingers. It felt like it had only been seconds, but Matt said we were almost there. Time flies when there's someone beautiful kissing you.

A few moments later we pulled into a long driveway in front of a huge house. We drove up and Matt cut off the engine, plunging us into immediate silence. I took Jessica's hand and helped her out the passenger side of the Chevy. I looked up at the big house and was impressed. The Corbett's were apparently making a good living. It was a two-story contemporary with lots of large windows and a big entryway featuring a tasteful crystal chandelier.

Matt led the way down a short hallway, bypassing the kitchen into a living room with a mammoth cathedral ceiling. Jessica flipped on a few lamps, then busied herself with lighting a fire in the cavernously large gas fireplace. They invited me to make myself comfortable, then Matt went off to fix us all another drink.

Jessica came and sat close next to me. "Are you pleased so far with Matt and I? We like you, and we want you to like us." She absentmindedly twisted a long strand of her shiny red-brown hair around her index finger while studying me intently.

"Oh yeah, I'm more than pleased," I said. "I never thought this kind of thing would be so exciting to me. You're beautiful and Matt's a great guy, and I think it's so cool that you both like me too."

Matt returned with our drinks, handing them out and sitting on the spacious sofa on the other side of Jessica. It was really nice, the light in the room was dim and the fire from the fireplace played prettily across Jessica's face. We sipped our drinks, all enjoying the moment and feeling good.

It was amazing how quick the moment changed. Matt leaned over and kissed Jessica, and she responded with a tenacity that I've never seen before, or since. She passionately kissed and licked at his lips. From where I sat it even looked like she was sucking his tongue in and out of her mouth. I could feel my cock stiffening just watching them.

As she kissed him, she reached over and began caressing my cock through my jeans, softly at first. Not sure exactly what I should do, I just did what I wanted. I leaned forward and nuzzled Jessica's neck, just inches away from where her lips were experiencing Matt's. I heard her inhale loudly, and I began kissing the soft skin of her neck, pressing my lips to her and sometimes licking with my tongue, tasting the sweet saltiness there. Jessica's hand began rubbing my cock more urgently.

I reached over and cupped her breast, and gently ran my fingers over it's shape, amazed that I could feel the hardness of her nipple through her bra and sweater. Jessica stopped kissing Matt, and turned to kiss me again. Her lips felt burning hot. I was aware of Matt sensuously rubbing her legs, pushing her skirt higher and higher up her thighs. Jessica was almost panting into my mouth, and when I unbuttoned her sweater and slid my hand down into her bra, I thought she might hyperventilate. I wanted to get her clothes off her so fucking bad.

Jessica pulled away from me and took a deep breath before she spoke. "Well, now that we all seem to be, uh, getting along so well, I think it's time for Tim to have a tour of our bedroom. I know I'd really like to get more comfortable. I can't wait." 

"Oh yeah. Come on Jessie, Tim...I think it's time for us to go get naked and get busy. My cock is so hard already seeing how fucking hot you are, baby." He grinned at her and offered her his hand. She took his hand and stood up, giving him a quick kiss. She then offered me her other hand in turn, which I immediately took. 

Matt led us up a flight of stairs and down a long hallway. When he opened the door to their bedroom and led us inside, we were standing in one of the biggest bedrooms I've ever seen. One whole wall of the room was made up of huge windows. There was a king-sized bed, but the size of the room made it seem smaller. It was decorated nicely and there was a vase of fresh flowers on the big cherry wood dresser. 

Jessica moved through the room lighting candles, dozens of them. She then dimmed the lamps and smiled, pleased with the effect. The windows on the far wall reflected the shimmering candlelight, and the rest of the room, us included. 

Matt went over and sat down in one of the large comfortable chairs, and indicated that I should come sit in the other. Jessica stood in front of us and slowly pulled open the last few buttons on her sweater, pulling it off her shoulders and dropping it in a pile on the floor. She was wearing a black satin and lace bra that fetchingly enhanced her ample cleavage.

Next she slid her skirt down her hips and legs, kicking it away with one foot. She was an awesome sight standing there in her pretty black bra and matching thong panties, and her silky black thigh high stockings with a lace band around the top. Jessica slowly and gracefully turned in a circle, giving us the full feminine effect.

"Show him, baby. Let him see the rest of your beautiful body," Matt whispered to her. She stared directly at me as she unclasped her bra and shrugged it off her shoulders. My breath caught in my throat when I first saw her luscious tits. They were big, prettily shaped, topped with large pale pink nipples. Very hard, inviting nipples. She ran her hands over her breasts, gently tweaking each nipple to full attention.

She then slowly slid her panties down, revealing her neatly trimmed reddish-brown bush. She put one foot up on my chair to remove her stocking, giving me a teasing view of her already aroused pussy lips. It appeared that the skin surrounding her lovely pussy had been shaved clean. Watching her had made my cock brick hard and it seemed like it was straining against the seams of my jeans.

Matt purred to her, "I can tell you're already really wet, Jess. I want to taste." I almost groaned out loud when Jessica slid her middle finger between her pussy lips, parting them. She pushed her finger up inside her and slowly pulled it out. It was shiny with moisture. Jessica put her finger to Matt's lips, and he sucked it into his mouth, cleaning it.

When she did the same with the middle finger of her other hand and offered it to me, I greedily took it into my mouth and ran my tongue over it. She tasted so fucking good, musky and sweet. Only a properly aroused woman tastes like that. Jessica smiled at me as I savored her taste and scent.

Matt stood up and came to her. She put her arms around him, kissing him hotly. As he kissed her, he unbuttoned his jeans and wriggled them down his legs, stepping out of them one foot at a time. His cock looked as hard as mine felt, growing out the top of his briefs. Jessica grabbed the hem of his sweater and pulled it off over his head. He pulled off his briefs, freeing his erect cock from its confinement. Jessica briefly ran her fingers over his cock, making him shudder.
