 "Relax little kitten. Watching the clock just makes it seem like it is taking longer," the sleepy voice next to me says. I glance over at Elizabeth and smile apologetically. Master had kicked me out of bed tonight, and she had offered to come with me because Amanda was still stuck on her back when it happened. Master was not mad at me, but I was too excited and could not stop bouncing up to check the clock. It was the last night of my restriction and I was too wired to sleep.

I lie back down next to Elizabeth and cuddle up with her until she drifts off to sleep. As I continue to caress her stomach, I glance up at the clock again. 'Less than an hour to go,' I thought. Trying to keep from waking her again, I snuggle up tighter against her naked body and close my eyes.

Taking slow, deep breaths to relax myself, I thought back over my time here. I had a hard time imagining it being any more perfect, except for my one stupid decision. It was my first night in Master's bed and I was watching as he bred Amanda when Elizabeth walked back into the room after her session with Teodoro.

As she crawled into bed, I pulled my bikini off to let her know I wanted to play. She laid back and let me crawl on top of her, her fingers going straight to my pussy as we kissed. I was working my way down to her breasts, and had just gotten brave enough to start trailing my fingertips across her pussy lips, when I felt her fingers slide out of me. I watched in fascination as she brought her fingers up to her mouth and licked my juices off, but when she asked if she could taste me, I panicked and bolted out of the room.

It was not that I did not want her to, but how much I wanted her to that scared me. When she found me downstairs in the living room, I was crying my eyes out as I tried to come to terms with my bisexual urges. She set my notebook down on the table in front of me, wrapped me in a blanket, and held me as I cried.

I told her I was confused and scared, and then asked if she would be upset if we did not go further than kissing and fondling until I accepted Master completely. She set the note down and wrapped her arms back around me, promising that she and Amanda would respect my wishes to not go further until then.

Stupid decision, as I had forgotten I was not allowed to accept Master until December first. I had chosen to accept Master a week ago, when he came home from work and handed me a white fur waist pouch, telling me that I was to keep it with me at all times to help with communication. Normally if I wanted to say something, I just wrote a note, so I was a bit confused as I opened the pouch and pulled out the brand new Dyna Write device.

He laughed when my first message on it was that I could not accept it. He sat me down and explained that he enjoyed our games of charades, but I needed a better option to communicate quickly. I could type far faster than I could write, and he did not want to see his kitten frustrated anymore. He also reminded me that a good pet accepts what her Master gives her, although most gifts would be far less practical. Even though I thought it was too expensive, I accepted the gift and put it to use shortly after, typing in some naughty comments during his afternoon breeding with Amanda.

The thoughtfulness of the gift was what sealed my conviction that he should be my Master. If he had gotten me jewelry I would have tried to give it back and finally accepted it, but it would not have swayed me much. The fact that his first gift to me was something to help me communicate with him better showed that he wanted me to tell him if there was a problem and made me love him even more.

I realized my mistake that night when I started to kiss my way down Amanda's stomach as Master was breeding Elizabeth. She was a bit distraught when she stopped me where her panty line would be and reminded me of their promise. When I told them I had accepted Master, and just had to wait until he allowed me to accept him completely, they gave me a sad look and explained that the promise was to wait until I accepted Master completely. If they did not wait then they would have to explain to their Master when they returned home, and be punished for breaking a promise.

I knew them well enough by now to know they would both confess to breaking a promise as soon as they saw their Master. They feel the same way about him as I feel about Alonso, and I did not want to be responsible for them being punished, so I apologized and told them I would not make them break their promise.

It has been a very long week, and that was the other reason I was wired so tight tonight. Elizabeth and Amanda had been showing me how to make love to a woman at my request. As we could only use our hands, they had taught me where to run my tongue by tracing it with their fingers or demonstrating with each other.

After a week of watching, I was dying to finally try it for real, and at midnight, it was officially the first. At one minute after midnight, I planned to have my tongue in her pussy for the first time. I was not nervous or hesitant at this point. My promise was nothing more than kissing and petting, and we had all taken advantage of that by petting each other to climax and cleaning our fingers after, so I knew that I loved how they tasted. Now I just had to wait until midnight.

I lay there, forcing myself to remain as still as I could, until I finally had to pop my head up and look at the clock. I heard a deep chuckle as I woke Elizabeth up again. "How close are we this time little kitten," she asked.

"Raow," I replied as I pointed at the clock and rolled on top of her.

I started kissing my way across her breasts as she looked over at the clock. "Less than five minutes to go I see, I am just as excited to get between your thighs as you are to get between mine."

I sat back and shook my head as I pulled her hand down to my pussy. I was soaking wet and she quickly slid a finger deep inside of me. I leaned forward to kiss her as my fingers sought out her treasures, and was surprised to find her as wet as I was. My fingers slipped inside of her as I stopped to look in to her eyes.

"I told you I was just as excited as you were my dear. I could not sleep either, so I was more meditating as we waited to keep my mind off the time. Do we get to enjoy each other at midnight, or were you really going to make me wait longer for you," she asked.

As tempting as her offer was, I know she had far more experience doing this and I would probably be too distracted by her tongue to return the favor. I put my hands together as if I were begging and look down at her with pleading eyes. "Alright little kitten, you can go first, but please don't make me wait too long, okay?"

I nodded and was still amazed by the look of desire for me in her eyes. I know I am pretty, but me standing next to her to her daughter is like comparing a candle to a bonfire. For some reason though, both them and Master look at me as if I was just as desirable as they were.

I kiss my way down the valley between her perfect breasts and across her stomach. Stopping to wait for a moment, I admire her pussy from close up for the first time and am glad we chose to just dim the lights. She has her legs spread wide so her lips are just slightly opened and I can see a hint of her pink insides. I put my fingers on her swollen lips and pull her open a bit more, then lightly blow across her clit. I had seen Amanda do that, and the moan I got in response tells me she enjoys it just as much when I do it.

"Now sweetie," she moans and my eyes shift up to the clock. It is finally midnight. With a smile on my face, I lean in and drag my tongue all the way up her slit. I take a moment to savor the taste of her juices before driving my tongue deep into her hole, trying to find the source.

Her gasp at the sudden invasion, plus the way she thrust her hips up off the bed, tells me that the time I spent watching her and Amanda pleasure each other was well worth the frustration. I brought my hand up to stroke her clit as my tongue explored the depths of her pussy. Her hands were on the back of my head, urging me on as she moaned to show her appreciation of my efforts.

Having gotten her to cum on my fingers so many times, I knew she was close to climax. I ran my tongue up and sucked her clit into my mouth as I slipped two fingers inside of her. Lightly grazing my teeth over her clit, her hips came up off the bed again as she moaned louder and I felt her pussy start to contract around my fingers. Her hands held me tight against her pussy as she climaxed. I felt her juices surge out, soaking my hand and chin as I gently stroked her through her orgasm.

Once her climax ended, I sat back with a satisfied smile on my face as I brought my fingers to my mouth and cleaned her cum off them. As she caught her breath, she gazed up at me with a hungry look in her eyes. "I cannot believe that was your first time kitten. You were amazing, but now it's my turn," she said as she got up and pushed me back on the bed.

Our lips met as she pinned me to the bed and licked her juices off my face, then started kissing her way down my body. She stopped at my breasts, paying special attention to my hard, swollen nipples. I wanted her lower, but let her control the pace because what she was doing felt so good.

After about a minute, I let out a little whimper and she finally started to move further down. Her lips trailed slowly lower, and I gasped when her tongue snaked into my belly button before tracing a path down to my freshly shaved pussy. As her tongue traced around my outer lips, I shifted my hips, trying to bring her mouth where I wanted it.

"Hold still little kitten," she said as she pulled back a bit. "I know what you need, but I also know this is the first time anyone has done this for you and I want to make it extra special."

I whimpered again as I felt her tongue resume its slow trek, tracing along my outer lips. Its circuit completed, her tongue pressed in at the bottom of my slit. I let out a low moan as it slid up, and then groaned in frustration when she stopped short of my clit and moved back down. I panted, clenching the sheets as she worked her tongue deeper into my hole.

Nothing I had ever imagined could have prepared me for how I felt as her tongue explored the inside of my pussy. I lie there, panting and whimpering, and would have begged for release if I were able as her tongue touched every inch of my velvety tunnel it was able to reach.

She finally moved up, and as her tongue drew across my clit for the first time, I felt a wave of pleasure wash over my body. I opened my mouth and let out a quiet scream at the intensity of it, as the world seemed to explode around me.

My eyes popped open to see Elizabeth smiling down at me as her fingers traced lightly along my stomach. I looked up at her with a quiet 'raow,' as the last thing I remember was her tongue in my pussy.

"You passed out for a few minutes when you climaxed," she told me before leaning down and giving me a soft kiss. "I hope you enjoyed your first time as much as I did."

I was a bit shocked still, but nodded as I gazed up at her. I thought my husband had been an excellent lover, as I always climaxed when we made love, but my experiences in this house were far beyond anything he ever gave me. I wished I could tell her how much I had enjoyed that, but I would never have the words, so instead I pulled her head down and kissed her with all the love I had.

When the kiss finally ended, she looked down at me from inches away and smiled. "I will take that as a yes. Now comes the important question, are you tired enough to crawl naked into Master's bed and sleep, or would you like to play some more? I am a bit tired myself, but would love to play more if you want to."

My sudden yawn gave her my answer. I guess that orgasm, and the excitement from the day, had worn me out more than I thought.

"I know Amanda is curled up on one side of him, and I will let you have the other side. Just try not to wake him when we go in, okay?" I nodded and we went down to quietly slip into Master's bed. I sighed in contentment as I pressed my naked body up against him for the first time and quickly drifted off to sleep as Elizabeth cuddled up behind me.

I woke up with Master's lips on mine and his hand on my breast. I arched my back, pushing my breast into his hand as my lips parted and our tongues met. As our tongues dueled, I luxuriated in the feeling of his hands finally exploring my body with no restrictions. His hand slid down between my legs and found my pussy already wet and ready for him. As his fingers slipped inside of me, his lips traveled down my neck and onto my breasts. The combination of his mouth on my nipples and his fingers thrusting into my pussy had me purring in pleasure and cumming after a couple minutes.

My breath caught as his fingers stayed inside of me and his lips started to trail down my body. "I have waited far too long for a proper taste of you little kitten. Your tail is going to have to wait until I am done enjoying your body."

His mention of my tail made my heart soar, as I knew then that he was going to accept me as his pet. I was still a bit apprehensive of the tail, although watching Elizabeth and Amanda put theirs in every morning had eased some of my fears. The plugs on their tails were much larger than the one I got, and they both seemed to enjoy wearing them.

I completely forgot about my tail as Master's tongue ran over my clit for the first time. Closing my eyes, I reveled in the feeling as his tongue circled my clit a few times before replacing his fingers in my juicy gash. I purred at his moan of pleasure as his tongue slipped deeper inside of me, and then gasped as I felt a tongue circling each of my nipples.

Looking down, I saw Elizabeth and Amanda start suckling at my breasts and brought my hands down to hold them tight against me. I whimpered a bit and jerked away when I felt something brush against my anus, but made myself lie still again. It rested there as he feasted on my pussy, and I started to relax as he worked me closer to climax.

The light pressure against my back door was not enough to distract me for long as Master's fingers sought out my clit, and my hips left the bed as another orgasm ripped through my body. It was not until after my climax ended, and Master was gently licking the remains of it from my pussy that I realized something was embedded deep in my ass.

I squeaked and tried to pull away, but Elizabeth and Amanda had me pinned to the bed. "Shh, calm down sweetie, you are all right," Elizabeth whispered. "Did it hurt you at all?"

I made myself breathe as I thought about it. It had not hurt and there was no pain now, only a bit of pressure. When I hesitantly shook my head, she smiled down at me. "I am sorry we tricked you, but we could tell by how you winced every time you watched us put our tails in that you were still afraid it would hurt. If Master had tried to put your tail in without distracting you first, you would have tensed up and it would have hurt. We wanted to spare you that. Now it's time for your Master to finish claiming you."

I realized Master had crawled up between my thighs as Elizabeth was talking to me when I felt the head of his cock drag across my slit. Elizabeth and Amanda had pulled back a bit as I calmed down about the tail, and looked surprised when I scooted up the bed away from Master. He looked confused as I sat up and shook my head until I pointed at Elizabeth.

"Yes, it was supposed to be my turn to be bred this morning," Elizabeth said. "I had to beg him to let you take my place. Every time counts with us trying to get pregnant, but it is just as important for your Master to claim you in our eyes. We still have five weeks before we look at the possibility of an artificial impregnation, and we know you are willing to wait that long, but after Master claims you."

I wanted to feel Master inside of me, but I knew I could not get pregnant. I looked over to Amanda, but she shook her head. "The day my Master claimed me was the most important day of my life, and it's not official until he takes you. We know you do not want to interfere with our breeding schedule, but we need you to do this, just this one time."

"Are you ready to be claimed little kitten," Master asked as I looked over at him. I licked my lips and nodded when I saw he was still hard and ready for me. I wanted him to claim me, but I needed to get ready first. As I turned and presented my ass to him, I caught Elizabeth's eye and pointed to the nightstand.

She followed my eyes and smiled as she picked up my ears and put them on me. If Master was going to claim me, I wanted it to be as his kitten. I dropped down to my knees and elbows, looked back over my shoulder with a 'raow,' and wiggled my ass to let Master know I was ready for him.

I bit my lip as he pulled my tail to the side and I felt the head of his cock brush across my slit again. I had not been with a man in the eleven years since my husband's death, and I felt almost virginally tight as Master's cock stretched my pussy. I savored the slow penetration, letting out a low moan as the last inch sank into me and his hips rested against my ass.

He held still for a moment as I adjusted to the girth of his cock before he started to slowly work my pussy over. I felt a feather light touch on my shoulders as Master's cock opened me up more and he started to thrust faster. I began panting in pleasure and looked up to find Elizabeth and Amanda smiling as they watched and softly caressed me.

"He is not just fucking you right now, he is claiming you," Amanda whispers to me. "When he cums inside of you, he is marking you as his slave for life. You cannot see the mark, but you will know that he is your Master. I can see him straining to hold back, but that deliciously tight pussy of yours has him on the edge already. Are you ready for your Master to assert his ownership over you little kitten?"

I whimpered and nodded as my climax started. My pussy clamped down on Master's cock as he pushed deep inside of me one last time. I felt his cock pulsing and his hot cum filling my pussy as he claimed my body. My heart soared as he pushed me down into the bed, pinning my body under him as he whispered in my ear. "I love you Felicia, my little kitten, and I want to keep you forever."

I turned my head with tears of joy in my eyes and our lips met. A soft, sensual kiss showed the depth of our feelings for each other. I was so lost in the kiss, and the thought of Master keeping me forever, that I barely noticed as he rolled onto his back, taking me with him.

As I settled with my back on his chest, his hands came up to caress my breasts. I let out a groan of disappointment as his softening cock slipped out of me. That was the other reason I had wanted to wait. Having had Master's cock now I did not know how I was going to make it several weeks without. The oral sex with Elizabeth last night was amazing, and I was looking forward to doing the same with Amanda, but I was already craving the feeling of Master's cock filling me up again.

"I think my kitten needs to be cleaned up," I heard Master say. "Amanda, I have seen the longing looks you give your mother's pussy after I cum in her. Would you like to do the honors?"

Amanda smiled and quickly took up a position between my legs, driving her tongue deep into my pussy. I gasped at the sudden intrusion, as my pussy was a bit sore from being stretched out so well by Master's cock.

I felt an extra hand on my stomach and looked up to see Elizabeth smiling down at me again. "I know what you are thinking Felicia. How am I going to go without Master's cock now that I have had it? We did not tell you the whole truth earlier. You will not be interfering with our breeding schedule, but Master is going to take you every night. He will have to pull out and change partners before he cums, but you will not go without. As long as he cums in us we can still get pregnant and you still get to have Master's cock inside of you."
