 First let me introduce myself, my name is Dawn. I am 33 years old and have been married to my soul mate for the last 6 years. Don and I share so many things in common that everyday seems to bring a new adventure. I am sending this story in for a couple of reason. Don says that it is hot and I should share it, second I must admit that I do enjoy reading some of the other stores on your site and hope that you enjoy reading this and third it is true. 

For as long as I can remember I have always loved giving head. For me there is something very sexy about taking a man in my mouth and sucking on him till he explodes. I think it is a combination of the feeling of power and also control that I have over a man when he is filling my mouth with his hard cock. I sucked my first cock when I was 14 and right then and there I knew that this was something that I would enjoy my entire life. I love the taste, smell and texture of cum. No cream or lotion can match how it feels on my skin.

About year after we were married Don told me that an old college friend of his would be in town on business and that he had invited him over to the house. Don had spoken about Greg and had told me that the two of them had been very close in college. Don had also told me that Greg was very good looking and while in college always had a girl on his arm. Don said one of the reasons that he wanted to see Greg was to show Greg what a hot lady he had married. Don asked me wear something that would show off by body. I am not really Playboy material but for a 33 year old I still have what it takes to turn a head. I am 5'6" 125 pounds with a 36D-25-37 build. So I wore my black slacks and a dark blue V cut blouse with a push up bra that showed off my assets. Don says he loves to see other men check me out when we are out. Most of the time they just stare at my tits, but that is fine. I enjoy the attention too.

Well Don was right Greg was a very handsome man with a great sense of humor. We meet Greg at his hotel and had dinner then we took Greg to a local club. By 10:00 PM both Don and Greg were feeling pretty good. I suggested that we go back to our house for some coffee, since we all had to go to work the next day.

When we got to the house Don suggested that we watch a movie while we have our coffee. I went into he kitchen and started the coffee. Don came into the kitchen and came up behind me and started to fondle my tits and whispered to me that he was going to put on one of our favorite movies. I knew exactly which one he had in mind and told him that was a good choice. The movie had over 100 different scenes of woman sucking off guys and accepting big loads of cum in their mouth or on their face. Don knew that I really got turned on when I would watch it. But this was the first time that we had ever watched it with somebody else.

As I brought the coffee into the living room I heard Don telling Greg that I could suck cock just as good as any of the bimbos in the video. As we sat and watched the video I saw Don looking at me then at Greg and then back at me. I knew what he had in mind even though we had not talked about it before that evening. When I saw that the guys needed some more coffee so I excused myself to refill their cups. While in the kitchen I unbuttoned the next button on my blouse so even more of my cleavage was showing. When I returned I stood in front of them and bent over to refill their cups. I saw that both of them had taken their eyes off the video and they were staring at my tits. I was just about to stand up when Don reached out and cupped my right breast. Don then looked at Greg and nodded to him to do the same. As Greg touched my left breast a chill raced down my spine. Don suggested that I sit down between them and watch the movie. It sounded like a good idea to me. As soon as I sat down, Don asked me to remove my blouse so they could have easy access to my tits. It felt so good having both tits fondled. Then Greg said that Don had told him that I could suck cock as good as anybody in the video. I turned to Greg and said yes that is true. Don said that I should show Greg just how good I was.

I didn't waste any time getting on my knees between the two studs. I started to rub their cocks through their pants. I could feel that they were both hard so I asked them to take their cocks out. Greg didn't waste any time in pulling his pants down. I engulfed Greg's cock in my mouth while stroking Don's swollen member. It was wonderful one in my hand and the other in my mouth. The first time I had ever sucked two guys at the same time. I took turns sucking one and stroking the other. I didn't want the evening to end. I was in heaven. I asked that they both stand up so I could enjoy them even more.

After about 15 minutes of kissing, licking and sucking their beautiful cocks, Greg said that he was getting ready to cum. I told him that I wanted him to cum in my mouth and he said it wouldn't be long. I could tell Don was getting ready to cum too. 

I told Greg I wanted all of his cum and started to massage his balls with one hand and while my other hand was stroking his cock. I made sure that I kept the tip of his cock in my mouth so I wouldn't miss a drop. Soon he was cumming. I was not prepared for the massive load of cum that he shot into my mouth. He just kept shooting into my mouth. I couldn't swallow that much nor hold it in my mouth. So I let his cum run out of my mouth, down my chin and drop onto my tits. I was a wonderful feeling, all of his hot cum. When he finally stopped shooting his cum, he pulled his limp cock out of my mouth and his cum gushed out of my mouth. When Don saw this he quickly shoved his cock into my cum filled mouth. As Don fucked my mouth I could feel his cock forcing Greg's cum out of the sides of my mouth. I have never had so much cum as that night. When I stood up and my chin, neck and tits were covered with the sticky love juice. Greg leaned over and started to rubbed the cum all over my tits and stomach. The texture and smell was intoxicating. 

I excused myself and took a quick shower. When I returned both of the guys were exhausted so Greg left and went back to his hotel. I was hoping to see Greg again the next night, but he had to leave on business.

I have sucked off many men since that night but none had given the amount of cum that Greg gave me. That was 5 years ago, I am hoping that Greg's business will bring him back to town and to my mouth.

I would like to hear from others that have had similar experiences. I know that I am not alone in my love for hot stick cum.