 The cool air washed over my body as I stepped out of the shower When I looked in the bathroom mirror, I noticed that the cooler air had caused my nipples to harden. I ran my fingers over my nipples and felt a quick jolt of pleasure flow through my body. Was it the cool air, or the excitement I had felt all day, or for that matter all week! Tonight was to my husband Bill's and my first visit to a an off-premise swing club located in a city close to where we lived. 

Bill and I had been talking about investigating the swinging lifestyle for months. We had picked up several swinging contact magazines and read what little information other magazines had printed on the lifestyle and had finally decided to take the leap and find out what it was all about. 

As I stood looking at my body in the mirror, I recalled the one single event that had finally motivated us to go further than just talking about it. It came when a couple we had been friends with for years, Tom and Nancy, admitted over drinks one evening two weeks ago that they had been in the lifestyle for several years. They went on to say that they did not discuss it openly with many of their non-swinging friends because few were open-minded enough to accept such an alternative lifestyle. Bill and I smiled at each other when we heard that remark, remembering the few times we had discussed such things with close friends and the shocked looks we had recieved from them as a result. 

When I heard that remark, I tried to keep from being surprised by their admission myself. Tom and Nancy had been good friends but I would never have thought they were swingers. While both quite attractive, they did not look anything like what I thought "swingers" would look like. Their wholesome good looks reminded me more of the local PTA organizers than a couple involved in this kind of lifestyle. When I made a remark to them about that, they smiled and said that the people in swinging were a cross section of society: rich, poor, young, old, beautiful, not so beautiful, and everything in between. 

Tom and Nancy went on to explain that swinging was not right for most couples. In general, they said, many couples did not have the communication skills necessary for such a lifestyle. Besides that, most couples could not handle such things as jealousy and performance anxiety common in many beginning couples. They went on to say that it takes a very special couple to handle the unique emotional and relationship issues of the lifestyle. They explained that many couples try to get started in the lifestyle for all the wrong reasons. Those couples that were usually the happiest, and most successful, did not get started in swinging to fix something wrong in their relationship, rather to make it better by adding to it. 

Tom and Nancy further explained the positive effect swinging had had in their relationship. How they felt closer than they had before, the increase level of excitement that it brought to their "private", as they called it, sex life, and the close friends that it had brought into their lives. As the evening wore on, they said that it was clear that we had some interest in swinging and that if, after discussing what we had heard, we wished to explore it further, to let them know and they would help us meet some other couples in the lifestyle.

Discuss it we did! It seemed that was all we talked about for the next week or so. Finally, one night I came out and asked Bill if he wanted to go ahead and find out more, to take Tom and Nancy up on their offer to help us. The answer was the an enthusiastic yes, as if there was any doubt, and I have to admit my level of enthusiasm was at least as great as his. 

A phone call to our mentors, Tom and Nancy, quickly followed, and they suggested we accompany them to an off-premise social club, The Chariot, that swingers attended on weekends. Nancy explained to me that it was a low pressure atmosphere that we would enjoy. It would give us an opportunity to meet some other couples without any pressure to participate in any way. She assured us that if we decided that the lifestyle was not right for us that we would have a good time and they would enjoy our company. We agreed on the following Saturday and made plans to meet them for dinner before going to the club. 

The phone lines burned between our house and Tom and Nancy's during the following week. It seemed as if we had a hundred questions to ask. All of them were answered with the paitence of a couple of old pros at the swinging game. Nancy explained to me one evening, after I had apologized for all the questions, that our questions and concerns were typical, and expected, and that there was no reason to apologize for anything. 

One question in particular had me concerned, as silly as I admit it was, what to wear? Nancy suggested a shopping trip and we hit the malls. Her suggestions were quite valuable and I finally began to feel like I was ready for this expedition into the world of swinging. 

Meanwhile the phone lines were not the only thing burning. The sheets of our marital bed were a little toasty as well. Our lovemaking had not been this intense, or frequent, since our honeymoon. We wondered if this was what Tom and Nancy were talking about. When I mentioned it to Nancy during our shopping trip, she simply smiled and said that we hadn't seen anything yet, wait until we experienced the "after", it would be even better than the "before" that we were now going through. 

I smiled to my reflection in the mirror, recalling that comment as I continued my preparations for our night out. I applied my make-up, using a little more than is usual for me, fixed my hair and began to get dressed. I couldn't help but occasionally rub my still hard nipples or slide my hand across my ass and slightly excited pussy. The combination of excitement and nervousness was running rampant through my body as I got ready. 

When I was finally done I checked myself in the full length mirror in our bedroom. Not bad for a 34 year old mother of two, I said to myself. The outfit that Nancy and I had so carefully planned was a total success, I thought. I was wearing a a black silk teddy with sphagetti straps and a T- back which prominently displayed my firm, medium sized tits. I had topped off my outfit with a miniskirt, garter belt and hose, and 4 inch heels. I had wanted to have a sophisticated yet naughty look and I think the outfit had achieved those expectations to the fullest. I especially liked the way the silk rubbed against my breasts and kept my nipples hard, raising the fabric like two little tent poles on my chest. The silk of the teddy also rubbed sensuously against my freshly shaved pussy. I also liked the way my legs looked perched on top of the heels. I had never owned a pair of "fuck-me pumps", as Nancy called them, always thinking of them as impractical, but I was very happy with the image now before me. I put on a jacket and went to go find Bill downstairs and see if he was ready to go. 

When I joined him downstairs I was a little surprised. He had discarded his glasses in favor of the contacts he rarely wore and was wearing some tight slacks that nicely outlined the contours of his ass. He had chosen a black T-shirt that was wrapped around his well proportined chest and trim waist and had topped it off with a raw silk jacket. Very delectable, even if he is my own husband of 11 years. 

When he saw me, I could see the surprise on his face also. My shopping trip with Nancy had been a big secret so he had no idea about what I was going to wear. That look told me it had definitely been a success. There was raw lust in those eyes, the kind of lust this outfit was intended to create. It was clear that I might need to reconsider my wardrobe and re- evaluate the household budget to do some more shopping, especially if this was the result. 

Bill swept me into his arms and kissed me and I said, "I take it you like my outfit." Of course I knew the answer, especially as I felt the stirrings in his slacks. 

"I love the outfit, you sure you want to go out tonight, we might want to stay here and have some fun by ourselves," he said as he playfully squeezed my nipple. 

I felt the electric sensations shoot from my breast through my body, "I know that wasn't a serious question, I know how much you have been looking forward to tonight," I replied. "Besides, who says we can't have some fun when we get home tonight, if you're up to it," I countered. 

"That sounds like an offer I can't refuse. In that case let's go," he replied. 

We met Tom and Nancy for dinner at a restaurant close to The Chariot. Over a great dinner and a couple of bottles of wine we discussed what we could expect later. The wine helped settle the butterflies in my stomach, but only increased my level of excitement and anticipation. We were finally going to do it! I had to keep reminding myself that we were only here to check it out, but I couldn't help but feel that much more was in store for us before the night was over. Bill and I had discussed the possibilities and had agreed that we would kind of go with the flow. We had, after it was suggested by Tom and Nancy, worked out a system of non-verbal signs to let each other know what we thought about whatever situation might later develop. 

We felt like we had talked everything out and were going into this experience fully informed and prepared. At least that was what we told ourselves. I must say that Bill was very supportive of me, and had made it very clear that if, at any point, I felt uncomfortable that I should let him know and we would make a polite but hasty retreat. From what Nancy had told me, that would probably not be necessary, however, the support I got from my husband did make me feel a lot more secure in the decision to attend tonight's festivities. 

Besides the support I was receiving from Bill, I got the definite impression that Tom and Nancy were going to be keeping their eyes on us, making sure everything went well. The fact that we had a couple of veterans to hold our hands was very reassuring to both of us. And besides, I thought, as I admired the couple sitting across from us, I wouldn't mind a little hand holding, or whatever needed to be held, from them. I had on more than one occasion admired the bulge in Tom's slacks, wondering what pleasures might be hidden there. Nancy's stories of Tom's sexual prowess had resulted in more than a few fantasies on that topic. And from what Nancy had told me of her discussion with him about me, the feeling was definitely mutual. 

As my view moved over to Nancy I couldn't help but think about what it would be like to be with another woman. Nancy made no secret of the fact that she was bi-sexual. She claimed that many, if not a majority, of the women in the lifestyle were bi-sexual. Our shopping trip and frequent phone conversations in the last few weeks seemed to have drawn us even closer than before. I thought back to the clumsy adventures I had shared with a roommate in college, but this was different, very different. Nancy was a mature, experienced woman who I was sure could teach me a thing or two. I caught myself staring at the ripe expanse of Nancy's cleavage, my mind lost in her accounts of their swinging experiences, including more than a few about some of her female lovers. 

Before I knew it, dinner was over, the plates had been cleared away and we prepared to be on our way to the next phase of what I had come to think of as the "The Great Expedition." It had become, after all, an expedition not only into the world of swinging but also an exploration of the limits of our own sexuality. 

During the short drive to The Chariot, Bill and I talked excitedly about what we could expect to find at the club. Tom and Nancy had given us a full run down, but the level of excitement and expectation was overwhelming. When we arrived, Nancy took me inside the dark depths of the small club while Tom and Bill paid the cover to the doorman. We quickly found a table and caught the attention of a cocktail waitress and ordered a round of drinks. When our husbands joined us, Nancy asked me to accompany her to the ladies room. 

I couldn't help but check out the other people at the club as we walked towards the ladies room. Even though it was still early and no where near full, I could see that Tom and Nancy's description of the couples in the lifestyle were definitely accurate. I saw an older couple that reminded me of some friends of my parents. In another corner I saw a young couple, he looked as if he could have been a college football player and she had the fresh good looks of a cheer leader. Every other combination and permutation of humanity was represented by the customers of the club. 

I told Nancy of my observations when we entered the ladies room and she simply smiled, as if to say "I told you so." We also discussed my first impressions as we freshened our make up and chit chatted a little. She told me how pleased she had been with the results of our shopping trip and how handsome she thought Bill looked as well. She assured us that we would be a great hit with the other couples tonight. Without thinking, I turned to her and kissed her and then thanked her for all her help and support. 

She returned my kiss and said, "We'll see how tonight goes then we can discuss how you can thank me properly," a lusty smile on her lips. 

I felt my pussy throb as I contemplated the possible meaning of her comment. 

We returned to our table and rejoined our husbands. I couldn't help but watch the other people in the club as I sat sipping my drink. My mind wandered as my eyes absorbed the sights around me. I was particularly engrossed by the sexy dress of the women. The club was quickly filling now and we had a good view of the entrance and I checked out each couple as they entered. The dance floor began to become more active and the DJ responded. The music became more sultry and sensual. Dance styles which emphasized full body contact seemed to be the most popular as the evening progressed. 

A slow blues song came on over the sound system and Tom asked me to dance. I quickly accepted and we were soon embracing on the dance floor. Tom's lean, strong, swimmers build felt good as he led me around the dance floor. I could feel the firmness of my taut nipples pressed against the hardness of his chest and the bulge of his cock against my own crotch. As Tom turned me I saw Bill and Nancy dancing across the floor from us. Her large breasts spilling from her top and pressed against his chest. I sudden thrill of excitement shot through me when I felt Tom's hand slide from my waist to cup my ass. 

I had to admit the feeling of this man's arms around me felt deliciously good. If dancing with him felt this good and aroused me this much, what would it be like to have him in bed, I wondered. As I pondered this thought and realized my pussy was becoming moist with a dew of excitement, the song ended and we went back to the table. 

As the night progressed we continued to drink, dance, and laugh. Several of Tom and Nancy's friends stopped by and we were introduced to them. A few stopped and would enter into longer conversations with us and I got the feeling that most of these people were genuinely friendly, open people. The kind of people I would like as friends, I recall thinking at the time. 

I danced to several songs with both Tom and Bill. When dancing with Bill we would get the opportunity to talk for a few moments alone and do a quick status check. "What do you think so far, are you having a good time, what did you think of him or her," etc., seemed to be the topics of most of these discussions. As the night went on we seemed to really relax and have a good time. These people, and especially our friends Tom and Nancy really put us at ease and made the entire experience more enjoyable for both of us. 

At one point, the DJ announced it was "girls dance", and Nancy quickly grabbed my hand and led me to dance floor. I was quickly surrounded by Nancy and a few of her female friends that I had met earlier in the evening. These "cluster dances" seemed to revolve around a bump and grind technique that had me extremely hot. I recall the sensation of my hard nipples pressed into the pillowy flesh of Nancy's breasts while she humped my increasingly wet pussy on her thigh. Meanwhile, Nancy's petite, and up to this point I had thought of as demure, friend Jill was pressing her crotch into my ass and occasionally squeezing the firm globes of my ass. Needless to say, it was a very exciting dance, and it reminded me how hot and sexy these women were. They had all seemed to check the prim and proper ladylike attitudes, that society has expected of them, at the door. And to be honest, I was glad! I certainly had. The horny little bitch in me was beginning to blossom and I was both shocked and happy by this revelation. 

I looked over at the table, and saw Tom and Bill intently watching the events occurring on the dance floor. During the brief glance I got of them I noticed that both seemed a little shocked as well. I'm sure my husband was surprised that his darling wife had turned into such a hot number. 

When the song was over I kissed Nancy, and we found ourselves 

locked into a passionate kiss in the middle of the dance floor. The funny thing was that no one else seemed to notice. I guess it wasn't all that unusual, considering the make-up of the crowd. I also noticed as we walked back to the table that there was a large wet spot on the hose on Nancy's thigh. Oooops! 

The lady's dance seemed to be the signal, because everything seemed to get wilder and wilder. The only rule seemed to be to have as good a time as was legal. We were in "public" after all. The limits were definitely being stretched. I saw several couples kissing and making out on the dance floor and at the surrounding tables. While I wasn't nearly drunk, the alcohol had had its effect on me and I joined in as much as I could. Several of Nancy's friends came over and asked us to dance, both individually and as a group and we frequently ended up in tight clusters on the dance floor. 

Nancy signaled me to join her for a "potty break" and we headed off for the ladies room. When we entered the relative quiet of the restroom, she informed me that we had been invited back over to Jill and her husband Ben's house for a small party. Would we be interested? She went on to explain that Jill and Ben were old friends and great lovers and we would also be joined by another couple Tina and Jim. We had met both couples during the course of the evening and had shared several dances. I told her that I would discuss it with Bill and let her know. Nancy said that Tom was telling Bill as we spoke and that they should let them know what our decision was. She went on to explain that if we didn't want to go that would be OK, they understood. This was, after all, our first time and there would be no pressure to participate. 

Bill and I went off to discuss the invitation and it was clear that he was as excited as I was about this opportunity to "get into the swing of things." We quickly headed back to join Tom and Nancy and confessed that we would love to join them. Our response was greeted by warm smiles and hugs from our new friends and Tom said, "we're glad ya'll decided to come along, but just remember, there's no pressure to join in, go at your own pace, OK?" 

Jill and Ben and Tina and Jim joined us and I said, "Well what are we waiting for?" With that we were off for the next phase of "The Great Expedition." 

Before I go on with the rest of this story let me tell you a little about our four newest friends that were soon to become even closer friends. I've told you a little about Jill. When you first meet her she looks as if she would be more comfortable teaching Sunday school than hanging out in a swing bar. In this case, appearances can be very deceiving. She is a small petite lady with luscious, large tits and a tight very inviting ass. After having gotten to know her better at the club, I learned that she can be one hell of a party'er. Nancy told me that Jill has a reputation for getting a party started. In contrast to his petite wife, Ben is large man that looks more like an NFL linebacker than the lawyer that he is. I was fascinated by his large hands and my mind kept wandering back to the old saying about men with large hands. They are in their early forties and have been into swinging for about ten years. 
