 It’s strange how things happen sometimes. Kind of like the progression of the hands on a clock. If you’re watching the hands, waiting for them to move, time takes and eternity to pass. It’s almost physically painful waiting for a certain moment in time to arrive. But when you’re not looking…and your attention is elsewhere, time seems to pass before you know it. And just like that, everything changes.

My wife and I had a great sex life. Totally into each other and each other’s previous experiences. During sex with each other, we would talk about our previous encounters, sharing every intimate detail. Sharing the total depth and feelings of our sexual lives before we met, was a total turn on for us. Making the climax of our love making just that much more powerful.

One story we shared had to do with her and two other guys. It wasn’t the first time that she had been with more than one guy at the same time, but it was the first time she had been with two guys that were somewhat bisexual. As the story goes, the guys had told her previously that they were sexually active with each other. So she was more than happy to be involved with them. Even though I couldn’t understand the attraction of two guys having sex…she was totally turned on by the idea. She wanted to be a part of that, as much as any man would want to be a part of two women having sex. So from that point of view, I could understand the attraction.

As the intimacy and trust of our relationship increased deeply with our passion for each other, we talked about the fantasies that each of us had simmering deep inside. Things we had never shared with anyone. Things we had never voiced aloud. Things we had only experienced in the privacy of our own minds, all alone, totally into the imagined experience.

Both of us had been with more than one sexual partner in the same encounter. Both of us had enjoyed the experiences and we were talking about possibly sharing this experience with each other. We both had friends we fantasized about, but who could we approach? Not an easy thing to do. What if we were rejected? What if our desires were made known to other people? I told her about a woman that I had been involved with previously. Some one that was married. Some one that I knew would not risk sharing the information with anyone. She had as much to lose as we did.

So I approached her with the subject slowly. And she was receptive. She had also had the fantasy of being with another woman, but had no idea how to act on it. So we gave her a way.

What a turn on for me that was. My friend had the most awesome body. Light brown skin, a perfect set of breasts that she had recently added to her slim frame. She was quite a treat for the eyes, any eyes, and my wives eyes and hands were perfectly coordinated in exploring her body in detail. What a sight that was. I will never forget seeing my wife take those beautiful breasts in her hands, and slowly sucking her nipples into her mouth. It was quite the experience for the both of us.

But we both wanted something more. Something that would satisfy the both of us. She still had it in her mind, that seeing me with another man would be a total turn on for her. But I just couldn’t see that ever happening in this lifetime!

About this time we both learned about the chat features that the Internet makes available to the world. You can be talking to someone right next door, or on the other side of the world. And you can find chat rooms on almost any subject under the rainbow!

So we looked for a chat room with a theme based on married people who were looking for a little fun!

There were so many of them that we didn’t know where to start first. But we settled on one we found that had a lot of fun people in it, and was very much like the TV show Cheers, after awhile, everyone knew everyone else’s name! There was a lot of flirting going on, and a lot of good friendships formed. There were a few single people as well. And after some friendly flirting online had progressed into “cyber sex” it was easy to make the next progression to talking on the phone. Mutual masturbation or, flat out phone sex as most people like to think of it, became a normal thing in our lives.

One night my wife woke up to find me masturbating while I was talking to one of the regular people from the chat room that we were a part of. It turns out that my wife had been on the other line listening to us get off with each other. She had heard the other woman cum for me once already. So by the time my wife came out to join me, she was quite aroused herself. Instead of her being upset with the situation, she actually came over to me as I was laying on the couch, taking my already hard cock into her mouth, and started sucking me slowly and deeply as I got back into the conversation I was having with the other woman. As the woman on the phone brought herself closer and closer to her orgasm, my wife was bringing me closer to mine. Slowly and expertly she worked on my cock with her mouth and hands. As I felt my orgasm curse through my body and my cum flow freely into my wife’s waiting mouth, the woman on the phone experienced her own total release, and we came intensely together, hearing each others breath, listening to each others sighs, and all of the other sounds that come with the total release of cumming, deep and hard, until your body is completely spent and totally satisfied.

One couple we met online seemed to be quite interested in us – maybe because we were so much alike since we lived about an hour apart and they both participated in the online chat, like us. There were a lot of “I’m married but don’t tell my spouse what I do here” people there as well. But we appreciated open, honest relationships like ours. We had exchanged a few pictures with them, and eventually got around to doing the cyber sex thing with them. This ended up happening on a regular basis. When we finally got around to talking on the phone with them we wasted no time in acting out some of the things that we had talked about online. At one point I was talking to the other woman on the phone, while my extremely hard cock was gently sliding in and out of my wife’s ass. It was a totally intense situation. Her husband at the time was busy with his face between her legs, and as we talked, our orgasms approached. As I came deeply into my wife, she filled her husbands mouth with the sweetness of her taste, and he reacted appropriately, sucking as much of her cum into his mouth as he could.

As I said earlier, sometimes before you know it, the time has arrived.

When we finally agreed to meet with our new found friends, there were not a lot of questions about what might or might not happen left unanswered. The anticipation was as intense as any I had known before. Like a kid waiting for Christmas morning, unable to sleep, just thinking about all the unknown presents that would be presented for him to open and play with! The pit in my stomach was alive with a desire I had not felt before.

We met for dinner and had an outstanding time. The food was excellent and the company turned out to be more than we had hoped for. We all got along in person, just as famously as we had got along online and on the phone. We all had agreed before hand, not to expect anything, so no matter what happened, no one would be disappointed. But it became quite obvious during dinner, as my wife sat next to him, kissing, flirting, touching, all right before my eyes. Bringing me to a level of excitement I had not thought possible, that this night would be what we had anticipated for years. A foursome. All of us having each and every one of our most intimate desires fulfilled.

It started out slowly when we came back to the house. My wife sitting on one couch with him, me sitting on the other couch with her. We kissed for awhile. Just watching each other from the corner of our eyes. Making sure that what was going on was okay with each other, and turning the other person on as well. To say that it was a turn on for me was an understatement!

As my wife took his rock hard cock deep into her mouth. I watched with amazement. The most perfect porn move that I had ever seen was going on right before my eyes, and it was live. My new girlfriend wasted no time exposing my totally hard cock as well. And was lavishing her attention on it with her mouth as well. Taking me deep, as my wife took him deep, it was total bliss to be feeling what I was feeling, and watching what I was watching. My wife sucking on another guys cock. Taking it all the way down her throat, drooling all over it and stroking that glistening wet cock with her hands. It was incredible.

We had all agreed before hand, that if anything did happen, it would be only an oral exchange only, for our first meeting. So as we moved on to other things, seeing the girls pleasure each other orally was something that he and I both wanted to see badly. 

It turned out to be as intense as I had anticipated. Seeing another woman with her face between my wife’s legs, expertly using her tongue on her clit, her lips sucking softly on my wife’s lips. My cock was sliding gently and slowly in and out of my wife’s mouth while this was going on. And soon her newfound boyfriend joined his wife between my wife’s legs. Both of them eating her alive, while my cock fucked her mouth. Eventually my wife’s mouth ended up between her legs, bringing her to and orgasm that she had not expected. It was awesome to watch, and I’m sure, an awesome thing to feel.

Of course after the girls had put on this show for us, they expected us to put on a show for them. Turns out this other woman had envisioned the same fantasy my wife had envisioned. Seeing two guys having sex together. I don’t think either one of us was really expecting, or looking forward to this happening, but after what they had done for us so far, it was hard to refuse. Especially with the thought if the girls didn’t get what they wanted, we might not get what we wanted. Ever again!

So with that in mind, we both agreed to see what we could do for them.

As I brought my cock to his mouth, I could tell he was really not into this at all. But the look on the girl’s faces told us both all we needed to know. My hard cock was inches from his lips, and his wife put her hand behind his head and shoved his mouth onto my cock. For me it was kinda weird. I was very used to seeing a woman in this position, so seeing a man with my cock in his mouth was very out of place. But he did what he could, and the girls enjoyed the show immensely.

After a bit of that, they both showed us their appreciation by going back down on us. My wife got on her knees, sucking me deeply into her mouth. She was making me feel incredible, and just when I thought it couldn’t possibly get any better, his wife got behind me, spread my ass cheeks with her hands and started licking at my asshole. As she shoved her tongue deep into my ass, my cock disappeared over and over again into my wife’s mouth and throat. They worked me like that for what seemed like forever. How could I ever repay this totally overwhelming attention to every fantasy I had ever had? Well, I was soon going to find out!

After awhile, they both turned their attention to him, my wife with his balls in her mouth and his wife sucking deep and hard on his totally erect cock. Lavishing him with the same attention they had jus lavished so lovingly on me. At this point, as I was stroking my own hard cock, and watching with complete attention, both the girls motioned me to come join them. I guess it was my turn to put on the visual show they both seemed so intent on watching!

My thoughts were wild. How was I going to do this? Take another man’s cock in my mouth? How did this point in time arrive at my door? What was I going to do? I knew one thing for sure though. The more I thought about it, the less I was going to want to do it! Like skydiving for the first time. Jump out of a plane? Suck on another guy’s cock? There are some things that you just have to do without thinking too much about it. So that is exactly what I decided to do.

The feeling of having a cock in my mouth was so foreign to me. Even thought I had had a dildo in my mouth before, at the request of a prior girlfriend, this was very different. I remember thinking, this is way harder than it looks! Some women have a certain talent for sucking cock. They can make you feel absolutely incredible. But this was a talent I did not seem to possess.

But I had perfected a talent by play sucking on a dildo with my other girlfriend! I did know how to deep throat without gagging! So as I took his cock completely into my mouth and I think everyone was impressed. The reaction was positive. So I did it over and over again. Taking his cock all the way down my throat, and drooling all over it as I pulled it out of my mouth. It all felt wired to me, but I could tell the girls were enjoying it, so I was more than happy to do it for them. When I stopped, I felt his cock start to throb in my hand. I guess I was doing something right for him, so I squeezed his cock as tight as I could to keep him from cumming. I just held still and let him relax. I didn’t want either of us to cum, and have the evening end anytime too soon!

We continued playing in every position possible. We watched them fuck right in front of us. My hand on her pussy, feeling his cock slip between my fingers deep into his wife. And then the girls once again both tag teamed us separately. So we were able to just enjoy the view and jack off, watching two mouths suck on one cock. The girls were fantastic. Kissing each other’s mouths, and taking turns. One would have cock in her mouth, while the other one had a mouth full of cum filled balls deep in her mouth, gently sucking on them. Over and over this went on. Till finally, while I was watching, he could hold back no longer. His orgasm hit like a hammer, and he emptied his balls into my wife’s waiting mouth. She sucked him hard, and got every drop of cum that he had to give her. Nothing was lost. She took it all. Every drop of his warm thick cum pumped deep into her mouth, but without me realizing it, she did not swallow it. She had other ideas for this huge load of cum in her mouth.

She turned to me, as I sat there stroking my rock hard cock, and smiled, moved close to me to kiss me, and as I opened my mouth to kiss her, I experienced something I never expected to know. Cum. Her mouth was full of it, warm and thick. And she forced it completely into my mouth. I was shocked at first, but when the taste hit my tongue, it was unreal. I ate it up. I went after what was left in her mouth with a passion I had seldom felt before. Why? I have no idea. All I know is now I want more. I want cum in my mouth. I want to feel what my wife has felt a thousand times before. A hard cock, emptying its hot, thick load, right into my mouth. Don’t ask me how I got to this point. Like the hands of a clock, moving slowly but relentlessly, this point in time has arrived without me realizing it. And now, as my wife is totally content with my new desire, I want to suck cock, I need to suck cock, I need to feel the taste of cum in my mouth. 

And I need it bad.