 Mark found himself pleasantly surprised by the book in his hands. Though he was a writer of science fiction, he wasn't much of a reader of it. He was on his way to his first science fiction convention to be part of a panel for new writers, a Q and A session about a defunct TV series he'd been a writer for, and he had one autograph session set up. He knew he was just a minor guest, and was reading up on the other authors he'd be sharing the panel with. 

He'd just landed at LAX, flying in from Texas where they'd be taking on fuel and passengers before heading to Honolulu. His agent had been bugging him to accept offers for cons for a while, and he'd managed to avoid them, but the offer of a mostly free trip to Hawaii was too much to pass up. 

Fearing how long he'd be in the air, Mark had sprung for the upgrade to first class out of his own pocket, and ended up being thankful he had. As he was fully engrossed in the novel, the young lady who had the window seat next to him arrived. Without even looking up, he started to rise, but she assured him, "Don't bother, I can fit by." She would have sounded vaguely familiar if he hadn't been too wrapped up in his book to register it.

He did, however, take note when she took off her jacket. Nice boobs tended to do that to him, and these were magnificent. Her thin white tank top hardly concealed them. It wasn't that they were big, likely a heavy B-cup, though on her slim body they looked huge. Her small brown nipples were barely visible through the nearly sheer fabric. He made sure not to raise his head, so it wasn't obvious he was gawking at her, which meant he still hadn't seen her face.

He was shocked out of his daze, though, when she spoke again out, "Mr. D? Is that you?"

Looking up finally, he had the shock of his life. The fabulous tits belonged to a former student. "Melody?"

Before he could react, she leaned down and hugged him tightly. All excitement left him, as he felt like a complete slime. Melody had been in his eleventh grade English class during his first year as an English teacher. 

"How are you?!" Melody was squealing as she plopped halfway into her seat halfway onto his lap. 

They spent the flight to Hawaii, catching up. He filled her in on the sordid ending of his brief teaching career, and she filled him in on her academic career, and thanked him again and again for all he did for her in high school, some of which he remembered. He, in turn, thanked her for keeping him out of prison. 

During the summer after her senior year in high school, he answered a knock on his apartment door and was arrested; the accusation was impregnating a girl from his English class. Despite mounds of evidence to the contrary, and witnesses who placed him elsewhere at the time she claimed their liaison occurred, it was only a picture in the yearbook of him and Melody working the drink station at a school dance that had occurred the evening she claimed they'd hooked up that finally convinced the girl's parents to question her word. Suddenly the house of cards of her story fell apart, and she admitted that she'd gotten drunk at a party that night and was unable to identify the father since she wasn't sure who or how many she'd screwed. 

It had all been hushed up over the summer, but rumor among the students had been he'd been fired for sleeping with a student, and he had been. The wrongful termination settlement he'd gotten from the district, and the defamation of character settlement with the girl's parents had left him with enough money to start another career since he'd never be able to teach again. 

His lawyer, throughout the thing, had been great, and the union had picked up most of the legal tab. Through his lawyer, however, he'd met a workout partner, who became a girlfriend, and through the girlfriend, who was a literary agent, he'd met his agent, and now had published his third sci-fi novel, and had done some writing for TV. He and the girlfriend hadn't lasted, but they were still friends and on rare occasions, friends with benefits. Between the interest on the settlement and his writing, he'd managed to live rather comfortably. He was by no means a household name, but he had a small, loyal following and could pay the bills. There was talk of a possible movie deal for his first book, which would really change things.

Melody, for her part, had gone to college in LA, to get away from her very conservative Filipino family, who didn't approve of her 'lifestyle,' and still blamed her for her uncle's jail term. She'd come to Mark's classroom after school one day bawling, and incoherent, and started divulging some way too personal information, about her uncle. Mark knew enough to take her straight to a female counselor, but Melody wouldn't talk without him there, so he stayed as she detailed to the counselor how her uncle had been molesting her since she was nine, and she'd finally stood up to him when he came to pick her up from school that day. The end result was her family blaming her, and her total disinterest in men. The two combined so that her younger sister, who'd also been abused by the uncle, was the only member of her family who would still speak to her.

While in LA she'd met Kris, a grad student, from Hawaii. After graduation, she had moved to Hawaii with Kris, and was in grad school there herself. Every time she mentioned Kris, her face lightened and her eyes seemed to sparkle. "I can't wait for you to meet her! She's so wonderful!" 

As they talked, Melody tended to grab his arm, or hold his hand often. The last time she'd grabbed his hand had been when she was spilling her guts in the counselor's office when she was sixteen. Now at twenty-two, she had matured physically, but still had the same bouncy energy as she had six years earlier. She'd put her jacket back on, thankfully, because between her thin tank top, and the cold air in the jet, she had been very distracting, and he'd found it very hard not to look at her chest, which continually made him feel like a pervert. 

When they'd finally landed, they walked off the plane together and she insisted on taking his arm as they walked to baggage claim together. "There's Kris!" Melody ran the last few steps ahead and threw her arms around an angry looking brunette. Her anger seemed to melt a little as Melody kissed her deeply. When they broke, Melody stepped back and squealed. "This is Mr. D! He was on the plane next to me!"

Instantly the anger left Kris' face. Her pale blue eyes seemed to nearly tear up and she grabbed him and hugged him. "It's so nice to finally meet you!" 

Mark had been worried about getting his ass kicked. He'd never had it kicked by a woman, but he wasn't sure Kris wasn't about to do it. She'd seemed ready to a moment earlier. Going with the flow, Mark put his arms around her and hugged her back, not minding her impressive rack smashing into him at all. 

"Melody's been telling me about you since we left LA. I'm glad she's found someone that makes her so happy."

As they waited for their bags, Kris quizzed him on where he was staying and how long he'd be there. She invited him come to their house for dinner the following night. The con lasted until Sunday, and he'd reserved his room for another week, on his own dime to enjoy a little vacation. Kris insisted that after the con ended he was staying with them, and between the two of them, he had no chance of resisting. 

As they left baggage claim, he saw two girls holding up a sign with his name on it. Both were about 5' 5", one a thin, dirty blonde and the other a thicker, bustier brunette. Both were definitely cute, but in an almost geeky sort of way. He'd always liked geeky girls, having been fairly geeky himself growing up. 

"Looks like my ride's here."

Hugging Melody and Kris goodbye, he greeted the two girls. Offering his hand to the blonde who was holding the sign, he said, "Hi, I'm Mark Daniels." 

The blonde took his hand and tried to speak, but couldn't be heard over the brunette's squeal. He'd met his first squealing fan; that was a new experience. When he could hear her again, the blonde spoke again. "I'm Kim, and this is Erin. Welcome to Hawaii."

The girls got him to the hotel where the con was to start in the morning, and got him checked into his room. As it turned out, the room was in the name of the con, so that no one but certain con staff knew where the guests were staying. Some of the bigger names were in different hotels, but he didn't think it'd be an issue with him. 

They showed him up to his room, and helped him with his bags, which made him feel awkward, two college girls trying to carry his bags. The room was much nicer than any he'd ever stayed in before, and when he mentioned it, Erin blurted out. "It was supposed to got to someone else, but they cancelled at the last minute and you got upgraded." 

"ERIN!" Kim's mouth was agape, and she smacked her friend on the shoulder.

"That's okay, I know I'm not that big a name." 

Kim spoke again, "This is your first con, right?"

"Yeah, my agent's been bugging me to do this for a couple of years."

Again, Erin managed to embarrass Kim, by blurting out, "Con-Virgin!"

"Erin, don't you have to go back to the airport?"

Looking at her watch, Erin gasped, "Oh yeah, Crap! See you guys later." 

After she'd left, Kim breathed deeply. "Sorry about that. Erin sometimes has no couth." 

"No problem. So what all do I need to do?"

"Show up for your scheduled activities and have fun." 

"That's it? You guys flew me out here for just four hours of work?"

"Well they like it if you get out and mingle some with the guests, and come to some of the other stuff, but other than that, you really are only required to do your panel, the Q & A, and the autograph session." 

"Wow, so I can wander the island as well."

"Yep."

"Where can I find good tourist info?"

"That's what I'm for. I'm your guest liaison. My job for the con is to make sure you get where you need to be on time, and to make sure you have a good con experience." 

Mark had no response for that, so all he said was, "Wow."

"So what do you want to do first?"

"A shower and a nap. I'm beat."

"Do you want me to wake you later."

"Give me about two hours, then how about dinner?"

"Alright, two hours." As she turned to leave, she stopped and asked, "If you want, since the room is in the con's name, I can get a key and come in to wake you, or I can just bang on the door."

"Why don't you get a key, and if I don't answer the door, then come on in."

"Alrighty." Smiling, at him, she turned and left.

As soon as she left, he decided he needed a drink. Looking around, he found a mini-bar, which happened to be stocked. He threw back a cheap glass of scotch and then got into the shower. Forgetting he'd told Kim to come on in, he got into bed naked after his shower and nodded off to sleep. 

He dreamed of a tropical beach with tanned, naked beach beauties whose faces shifted from one woman to the next. Among others were Melody, Kris, Erin, and Kim. It seemed he'd just gotten to sleep when he felt someone shaking him. 

Waking with a start, he found Kim standing over him. Her pale blue eyes looking into his, and that big, wide smile of hers were too much. A bit disoriented, it took him a moment to figure out where he was and who she was, and why she was in his room. 

"Mr. Daniels? You need to get up or you'll never sleep tonight." He knew she was right, but he desperately wanted to go back to sleep.

He started to get up and realized he was naked under the covers. He also realized he was hard as a rock and his eight inches were making a tent of the covers. "Um, can you give me a minute?"

"I'm stepping out into the hall for three minutes and then I'm coming back in. If you're still in bed I'm going to drag you out, naked or not."

Mark insisted Kim pick where to have dinner, since he didn't know the area, and also insisted on buying her dinner, using the "You're volunteering your entire weekend to help me, it's the least I can do..." argument. In the end he won. Upon returning, they wandered the site for the conference, so he could find the locations of his sessions. Throughout the day, Mark was struck again and again by just how damn charming Kim turned out to be. She could feign interest on nearly any topic he rambled on about. 

At the hotel bar, he bought them a round of drinks, after her assurance she was twenty-one, and he had finally convinced her his name was 'Mark,' not 'Mr. Daniels' It was then that they ran into her ex-boyfriend. 

"Hey Kim, you likin' 'em old now?" Before them was a greasy looking, long-haired kid with a sparse beard and an awful looking cheap fedora on his head. He had a windbreaker on, but had the sleeves pushed up above his elbows. Mark's first reaction was to want to immediately smack the hell out of the smarmy little shit. The short, round girl with him was equally greasy and looked to be boycotting shampoo.

Turing to him, Kim very calmly introduced her drinking partner. "Wil this is Mark Daniels, one of the authors speaking tomorrow. Mr. Daniels, this is my ex-boyfriend Wil, the one who cheated on me with a bloated cow who was pretending to be my friend."

Mark stifled a laugh, as the pair in front of him bugged their eyes out, mumbled something unintelligible and shuffled away. Once they were out of earshot, he finally let it go. 

Kim's face was red, and she seemed upset, so immediately, Mark tried to apologize. "Kim, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have laughed." 

"No, I shouldn't have said all that." Then, looking at him she started laughing too.

As they drank a little more one of the other patrons in the bar had overheard the introduction and recognized the name. Soon, a small crowd had gathered and Mark found himself telling no-shit stories about his days in TV. Before they new it, the bar had closed. He fought the temptation to invite the few remaining up to his room to help him empty the mini-bar, so he walked Kim back to her room, though she insisted she should walk him back to his, and they agreed on a time to meet in the morning for breakfast. As they arrived at her door, they could hear what could only be described as some very vocal mating coming from room she and Erin were sharing with some friends. 

"Um. You wanna come up for a drink til the happy couple is done." He couldn't think of anything else to say.

"Yeah, I think so." She found herself giggling at thinking of her friends as a happy couple. They had broken up four or five times so far that year.

A couple of hours and drinks later, they'd exhausted the fun of watching late night Japanese TV on cable while doing their own voiceovers. Mark leaned back on the couch with his feet on the coffee table while Kim stretched out on the couch with her head in his lap. Her flip-flops had long since been kicked off. When he thought he could get away with it, he admired the tanned legs stretched out on the arm of the couch, and when he couldn't he tended to admire her pale blue eyes. They'd spent the last half hour laughing about her ex-boyfriend and his new girlfriend. 

Finally he couldn't help himself and asked, "So why in the hell would you date that greasy slob?"

"He wasn't so gross until after he started screwing 'Raven.' " She emphasized the word "Raven" and stifled a giggle.

"Raven?"

"That greasy little blob he was with tonight." 

"Her name's Raven?"

"Well, it's really Heather, but Heather wasn't goth enough for her, so she goes by Raven."

"Not to be rude, but is he blind, or what?" He took a drink and continued, "I mean you're hot, and she's a 500-pound, sweating Gila-monster."

Kim looked up at him. "You think I'm hot?"

One moment he was looking into an enchanting pair of eyes, and the next thing he knew she'd grabbed his head and had her tongue in his mouth. The part of his brain that was saying, "You know, she's ten years younger than you, and drunk," was shouted into silence by the part that was screaming, "Fuck that! She's hot, and she has her tongue in your mouth!"

He managed to find a place to put his drink without spilling it, find a place for hers and not spill it, and then pull her upright and into his lap. The impressive part was that their lips had never come apart. 

When they finally broke for air, she asked, "It's okay if I kiss you, right?"

All he could manage before their lips met again was, "Sure, be my..."

By the time they broke for air again, she was straddling him and their hands had been roaming. The "she's drunk" part of his brain made one last attempt to gain control.

He was about to tell her they should stop when she ground her crotch into his hard on and announced, "I hope you don't mind me getting you drunk like this, but when I came to wake you earlier, you were uncovered, and I so wanted to suck you off right then. But instead I covered you and woke you up."

With that, the "go for it" side of his brain beat the other side into submission as he slid a hand up the back of her t-shirt. He found the clasp of he bra and unhooked it easily. Feeling her bra release, she lifted her arms up as he pulled her t-shirt and bra over her head. 

Her tits were small, but he didn't care as he dropped his lips to one nipple. She leaned back and groaned loudly and immediately reached down and started unbuckling his belt. He was opening up her shorts as she pulled his cock out of his pants. Stroking his length she stood and let him slid her shorts to the ground. Wearing only a pink thong, she pulled on his pants until he managed to lift himself up and slide them and his boxers off. She then climbed back onto his lap and kissed him again, grabbing his cock again in the process. She then slid down his legs and onto the floor in front of him and took his head in her mouth. Sliding her hand to his balls, she took him as far into her mouth as she could before coming back up until he was barely in her mouth. She repeated the process two more times, and then on the fourth time down, she took his full length down her throat. She fucked him with her throat until he was about to blow and ignored his warning until he was about to begin pumping his load down her throat. Feeling his balls tighten, she pulled back until he was barely between her lips again and took his load, swallowing all but the tiny drop that escaped her lips.

Wiping her lips with the back of her hand, she climbed back into his lap. He immediately kissed her again before finally breaking. Without a word, he stood with her in his arms and carrier her to the bed. He set her on her feet by the bed and knelt in front of her, kissing her belly and sliding her thong to the ground. He slowly turned her in front of him, kissing around her hip, across her cheeks, taking a small nip of each one, and continuing around her other hip until he was back, kissing right above the thin patch of hair between her legs. 

As he began kissing downward, he slowly guided her back until she was sitting on the edge of the bed. As he lifted her leg to his shoulders, he spent several minutes kissing the insides of her thighs. In the dim light, he could see her glistening wetness and could certainly smell her arousal. 

Her breathing was already heavy and ragged, but when he finally touched his lips to her pussy, she groaned with pleasure, "Oh god, please!" He parted her lips with his tongue, and searched out her clit. If he hadn't been able to feel it with his tongue, he'd have known by her reaction. She begun humping his face almost the instant his tongue touched her clit. Though he'd been ready to go as long as it took, it seemed like only a few licks before her body began shaking and she clamped his head between her legs like a vise. 

As he stood up and climbed onto the bed, Kim centered herself on the bed and opened her legs for him. Climbing between them, he guided his rejuvenated dick into her, sliding his full length into her in one shot. 
