 Day three at Hedonism -- the adults only all inclusive that would become infamous for adult behavior and debauchery but hadn't yet when we booked the trip -- and we were really getting into the whole attitude of the place. We woke up with pounding hangovers and yet still managed to have energetic sex after downing a few aspirin. The combo of the analgesic and the athletics seemed to help.

We had promised Brenda and Dan that we would go on a diving trip with them, and barely made it to the boat in time. We hadn't showered and smelled like sex, and Dan and Brenda laughed about our state but weren't in much better shape themselves. Sherry had always been prone to sea sickness but the combination of a good quality morning joint and some fairly calm seas made the trip out to the reefs a smooth affair. 

There were other couples about the ship with us, and just about everyone looked fairly rough in the AM but recovered and in high spirits by around noon. It was a good crowd. When it was time to go in the water, there were a few daredevils that decided they needed to swim naked but our little foursome had already developed a healthy fear of too much exposed skin for too long. Even the girls wore sleeved shirts and longer shorts in the water. There would be time enough for nudity when the sunscreen was unlikely to get washed away in the salt water.

The reefs, to be honest, were not that great -- certainly not in the same class as some other places we had been like Cabo Pulmo and Kho Toa. (Maybe we were just spoiled.) The trip was fun though. Between the Red Stripe Beer, bright green buds and sunburned bodies there was lots to entertain us.

We arrived back at the resort around 4PM and I think everyone was waterlogged and ready for a nap. We went back to the room and did just that.

An indeterminate amount of time later, and there was a pounding on the door. Sherry answered as I was still in bed with my head under the pillow. I didn't hear any conversation but I quickly felt someone straddling my chest and it didn't feel like Sherry. I pulled away the pillow and saw Brenda sitting there in a black bra, tarted up with teased hair and exaggerated make-up. I could feel the satin panties on my chest and her nylons hugging my body. Honestly, I thought I was having a dream for a moment. A very good dream.

"Get up sleepy heads. Party time." I looked across at Dan, who was wearing just a pair of silk white underwear -- very tight -- and one of those half robes that you always saw men wear in the movies that no man wore in real life. 

The question of the day was "What party?" and Brenda explained that tonight was "naughty nighty" pajama party at the bar and it was supposed to be the biggest party of the week.

I wasn't ready to get out of bed and simply said "We didn't know. I don't think we brought pajamas." 

Dan pointed to our big suitcases and laughed. "You bought a whole shipping container of clothing -- you didn't bring fuck clothes?"

Sherry never liked elaborate lingerie -- she had nice bras and panties but frankly I enjoyed her most nude. Sherry shook her head and said "nada" and Brenda looked on exasperated. She grabbed an oversized tee-shirt that Sherry sometimes slept in and pulled it over her head. (She had been naked until this point. At Hedonism you didn't think twice about opening the door nude.) They were out the door.

Dan evaluated the situation. "We can make undies work for you. The girls will take care of things I think." 

I realized that Brenda was walking the resort in silk panties and a bra and Sherry had on a white tee-shirt with nothing underneath and asked "Should we let them go out alone like that?" 

Dan laughed and said, "If we lose them there are more out there. You gotta see this." I walked out and saw that the whole resort (or the "nude" side of it anyway) was simply alive with people dressed up in various states of debauchery. It was like a horny Halloween or something.

While I was surveying the situation, Dan had opened up the luggage and found a pair of black silk underwear -- Sherry's underwear -- and simply said "try that on." I had done it before on a dare -- I knew they fit -- so though it felt awkward with just a practically undressed Dan in the room, I slipped them on. 

Here we were -- two men in silk tight underwear alone in a hotel room. His undies white, mine black. I looked more or less like that pepper to Dan's salt. In any other place on Earth this would be more awkward than it was for some reason.

Dan lit up a joint and handed me a beer which was just what I needed really, and we waited for a few minutes until the girls clicked up to the door in high heels. Sherry had taken off her black bra that matched her underwear and Sherry was wearing it now along with some red panties that matched the red bra Brenda had on. The effect of the girls wearing each other's mismatched underwear was pretty great.

They were both wearing tons of make-up and heavy lipstick, Sherry's lipstick bright red and Sherry's black. The payoff to the joke was that there was a big black kiss in black lipstick right on the front of the red panties just above the place where the cloth disappeared between her legs. Brenda sported s similar lipstick smear in red deep in her crotch. The girls were also wearing mismatched nylons and high heels. 

(Sherry hadn't brought any heels, so Brenda had to have bought both pair. She practically wore nothing but cutoffs and tee-shirts out in the resort, but she had two pairs of impossibly sexy high heels with her? Those two must have had some hot times in the little room of theirs.)

The girls looked so hot that my own panties got noticeably tighter on me. Brenda bent down and gave me a big black lipstick kiss right above the line of my underwear and Sherry literally bit me on the ass leaving a clear red lipstick mark on one cheek. It was simple adornment, but it said a lot and made me feel just a bit less embarrassed about what I was wearing.

I stood there a bit stunned by the way the girls had used their mouths on my intimate parts and have to admit part of why I didn't want to move was a near hard erection. Brenda noticed it, gave it a squeeze and said "Okay Panty Boy, time to leave."

Sherry laughed and repeated it. "Panty Boy." It would set a tone for the evening.

We left the condo on our way to the center of the resort. People were streaming out of other condos in similar states of undress. It was a very sexy crowd.

We got to the entrance, and a doorman was inspecting everyone. A few were turned away -- those that obviously hadn't tried. I might not have gotten in alone, but with Brenda and Sherry with us it was a cinch. The bouncer, who was a huge flirt, said that Sherry looked like she would be the ride of a lifetime. Sherry growled at him and pinched his ass as we walked by.

Inside the place, it was just off the hook. Imagine everything you could imagine about a 90's era disco - Loud music, lasers, lingerie and beautiful people everywhere. They were all doing shots and downing beers or hard liquor. Just about everywhere you looked there were women with sexy lingerie falling off off their bodies and men dressed as pimps, doms, and slaves. (Once couple dressed as a priest and a choirboy -- it was hysterical.) A woman passed me by wearing cowboy boots and a strap on. First time I had ever seen that. Another was licking a vibrator and turning it on now and then -- and it glowed a hot pink.

We dove in and danced. I sucked at it, but Sherry loved to dance and I would do anything that made her happy. Brenda and Dan paired off and got funky and we lost sight of them for a little while. At one point we saw a man actually bend his girl over on the dance floor and inserted him self into her briefly, but was immediately pulled aside by the doorman. "Take that back to your room" he said. They did. 

Sherry laughed like hell at that -- I think it was the first time we'd actually seen someone enforce a rule at the resort. The bouncer explained that they served food in the room during the day. Even the 3rd world had sanitary guidelines.

Brenda snuck back into our orbit at some point, and started dancing with us -- or more to the point with Sherry. I just got to be near them. It got every hot as they tried to outdo each other with their behavior and it was all I could do not to get an erection to be honest. People were watching them and hooting and hollering and making them feel loved.

I knew when I was the third wheel and stepped away to let the girls have their fun. There was an empty seat at the bar and I needed a drink. Placing my order, I looked at the glass wall behind the bar that actually shared a wall with the pool. There were naked people floating in the water and a few had parked their bare asses right there in the glass. One was pressing her ham pretty hard against the glass so you could clearly see her sex and asshole. The bartender saw what I was looking at and just raised his eyebrows as if to say "Yeah, this is my job." I didn't know whether to feel sorry for him or envious.

The girls had more energy than I did and they got rowdier and rowdier as the crowd egged them on. I noticed a younger single woman had joined the party and the girls were busy mashing her head with their boobs, and she was doing what she could to lick the stray nipples that leaked out of their bras. It was a sight to see and I was enjoying the show.

I realized I still didn't see Dan -- but eventually he popped up and we did some shots together and just watched the world go by. At some point the girls disappeared from the dance floor. Dan said Brenda had a few joints with her (I couldn't imagine where she would be hiding them) and they had probably gone outside for a smoke, so we got up and left the crowded bar to join them.

The girls weren't at the pool area which wasn't surprising. Hedo had an odd set of unwritten rules about what kind of activity was cool where and it was pretty clear you didn't smoke dope outside anyplace that was well lit. We walked off toward the beach and found the three of them -- the younger woman there too -- and they were pretty much done other than a few tokes that Dan and I shared before the roach went out.

That little girl -- the one they'd been dancing with -- didn't look much over 18 though she said she was a college student in Austin, which got Brenda to talking with her. (Texas is a huge state but people from Texas always seem to have an instant affinity.) 

Sherry took the opportunity to snuggle up between Dan and I as we were sitting on a wall and she had just enough room to slide on in between us. I realized she was soaking wet with sweat from all the dancing and probably wet in other ways besides. She suggested we might take a quick walk she and I, and when I admitted that I might need a minute as I was starting to feel the tequila shots in a big way, she dismissed me and asked Dan if he wanted to take a walk. 

I sensed she was just joking -- but I had learned never to be surprised with what she was capable of when she had been drinking. Dan -- glancing at Brenda who had taken a sudden interest in the conversation and a frown on her face -- gave a bullshit excuse about how he was afraid he just couldn't do her justice. Sherry looked at him with a pout and then a wink, an slid back between us again. Not finished causing trouble, she reached down with her hands and started running her fingers around the outside of both Dan and I's underwear, eventually cupping both of us on the outside of the material. This move, Brenda looked equally bothered by. 

I decided that Sherry was perhaps a little too drunk and wasn't getting the signals that perhaps she was pushing things to far. She could be that way.

So We went back to just sitting enjoying the breeze off the water and Brenda and her young lady friend started getting a bit handsy with each other in much the same way that Sherry had been with Dan. It was obvious to me at least she was playing tit for tat with Dan as far and bringing up the jealousy quotient, but I don't think Dan was bothered at all so I could have been misreading it.

About this young woman who had latched onto us, I have not yet described. While just about every woman as the party was dressed in lingerie or submissive gear or something else equally outrageous and provocative, she had gone the other direction entirely and the effect what startling in it's own way. It was a simple nightshirt of the thinnest cloth. The nightshirt was old and threadworm. You could imagine it being worn by the poor young girl in an orphanage in an old movie. She wore simple cotton panties beneath it -- again very old and worn out -- with a small flower stitched onto the crotch in yellow and green thread. Barefoot she pattered on dusty and dirty feet with toes free of polish. Her brown shoulder length hair was worn in pigtails and bows, and her only make-up a few stray freckles to make her look like Wendy from Peter Pan. 

If she hadn't had such a banging hot body, and if there hadn't been a single hole the front of the panty where some light pubic hair leaked through and a worn area where you could plainly see a nipple through the cloth, it would have looked entirely innocent. Instead it looked for all the world like the most perverse and kinky outfit in the room.

Julie would never be mistaken for a child -- in fact she looked to be in her mid-20's - but she was slight of build and had an almost impish quality that was quite striking. It was also very obvious that she was into women -- or at least she gave off that vibe. She also played the young and cute thing to the extreme, speaking is short words with a poutish cadence that sounded like a little girl upset that she wasn't getting exactly what she wanted. It was an obvious act -- role playing -- but the effect of it was quite stunning.

Julie was obviously into women and you could tell by the way she was operating that shewas doing her best to separate Brenda from the metaphorical herd. The more she flirted and conjoled with Brenda, the more Dan seemed to be smitten with her. It was an odd dynamic, and in the middle of it all Sherry seemed to be doing everything possible to make Brenda jealous by flirting with Dan. 

I was a little stoned, a lot drunk and I felt kind of like an odd man out at this point and had no idea where the evening was going. I decided that a change of scenery might help us all clear out heads -- especially me -- and might change the dynamic of what was going on. I had loved the stars during our first night when we had wondered out onto the jetty and suggested we might all want to go out there to see if there were any more satellites going by. (I had spoken to someone at the resort who said that there were so many because it was spy satellites going over Cuba -- but never checked to see if that was true.)

I think everyone was ready to move on so we took the walk out onto the beach and toward the jetty. Given the big party, we would have expected more revelers out on the sands, but it was remarkably empty. A single couple getting at it on a beach chair but even they weren't really weren't fully involved in it yet. They actually came up for air and waved at us. 

The jetty was empty of people -- again a surprise -- so we wondered out all the way to the end. It was kind of dangerous in the dark with us all being drunk and all, but we stumbled through. When we got there, Julie instantly looked bored but Brenda and Dan took the opportunity to re-establish their couple status, he sitting on his lap and doing some kissyface while we looked out at the stars. Sherry stood in front of me -- her ass rubbing against me to the point of distraction, and at one point just reached back and pulled me out of my underwear and played with me for a while. I don't think anyone noticed and if they did, they weren't bothered by it, but I knew that it was just playing and there would be no payoff. This was simply Sherry being a cock tease. Again, she was in that kind of mood.

We sat out there for a good half hour -- long enough to sober up just a bit though I would use the word "sober" very loosely. Someone suggested we go get a drink and that sounded good so we made the trip back to the bar and round that the party had not slowed down a bit, though now there was a lot more pairing off and intimacy on the floor. Not just couples -- but a lot of emerging foursomes and moresomes.

Sherry took the opportunity to ask Brenda if she and Dan had any experience with that kind of lifestyle either at Hedonism or elsewhere. It was a pretty brazen question, but given the activities of the evening probably not inappropriate. 

Brenda gave a sideways answer -- not really saying yes and not really saying no -- but saying at home they were pretty conservative people but had done a lot of things on this trip that would probably shock the neighbors at home. "We like to be flirty and sexy and stuff, but we usually stop it before it goes too far." 

Did that mean they hadn't stopped while at the Hedonism? Or they just usually stop but not always? As I said, a non-answer that hinted at interesting things. Why had they camped out on the "prude" side of the island though? I wanted to ask but got waylaid when Brenda asked 

"Right back at ya? How about you two?"

Sherry just smiled in a way that said it all, and said we weren't swingers exactly but lived in a pretty open community. You could tell that registered with Brenda and she wanted to ask more questions, but Julie was back at her side and wanted to dance so she disappeared again.

That left for Dan, Sherry and I at the bar. Sherry positioned herself between the two of us again -- and this time the vibe was clearer. It made a lot of sense. It looked more and more like Julie and Brenda were going to be off doing their own thing and she was making her own possible plans for the evening. 

I was getting remarkably comfortable with that idea. I really wasn't a threesome guy and we really didn't play that way usually, but Sherry was in the drivers seat tonight and I wasn't going to tell her no if she wanted this. I was just hoping we might all wind up in the same room as I really wanted to see Julie when she dropped her laundry. 

An hour later and the party was starting to break up a bit. There were no clocks anywhere but someone said it was around 3:30 in the morning. Brenda and Julie had been making out in a corner of the bar for long enough that the novelty was over and people had stopped watching intently, and even Dan seemed to have lost interest, though he was now hard as a rock as Sherry had been giving him a soft handy under htre table for the last 20 minutes or so. She had been leaning into me -- her ass covering my own erection as she moved slowly back and forth again -- so I wasn't feeling left out.

Sherry suggested that perhaps it was time to go back to the room. Whose room wasn't suggested but I think it was pretty clear that she wanted at least the three of us to go there together -- and it was agreed it was a good call. Dan got Brenda's attention across the room enough to invite her to move with us but she waved us away as she was having a good time. That seemed to be all we needed to know and so we left the bar and went out into the warm night.

We took the beach walkway and found that many of the partiers had made their way to the beach. Much splashing of skinny dippers and the intense smell of marijuana -- but those interested in more carnal pursuits had probably gone back to their mirror lined beds at this point. Sherry walked between Dan and I and I don't think there would be any mystery what the plan was for those who saw us walk by. She had her hands down the backs of both of our underwear and Dan had returned the favor and was playing with her as we walked.
