 The doorbell wakes me from my midday nap on the lounge. Rushing to the door I can see my friend Crystal. She holds up a bottle of wine and waves it in front of the pane of glass. I also see that she has someone with her – a man....

I open the door surprised to see her and immediately she pushes in and says that she has my birthday present. My birthday isn't for another week I start to say and she pushes me in laughing saying that today will do!!

The man follows her in clutching his trenchcoat around him – strange I think as it is a hot 32 degrees and still rising. Crystal sees my strange expression and giggles and says "well he is your birthday present"! No – I say – you know that I don't like that type of thing...." Silly you – she laughs waving the wine again – he is going to clean your house for you while you and I sit back and watch!

She pointed to him and told him to go find the cleaning equipment while we have a glass of wine. She pops the cork and gets two glasses from the cabinet in the living room. I laugh at her excited face and she is grinning like the cat that ate the cream.

She hands me a wine and we flop on the lounge, well happy birthday to me I say – chinking her glass and sipping the wine. Mmm it is nice but Crystal always new what I liked! We start some small talk – I can hear noises of doors opening and movement in the house. What is he doing? Crystal assures me that all is safe. His name is Juan and he comes highly recommended.

Then I look up and nearly drop my glass! There is Juan standing there wearing a pair of black trunks, black boots and a leather jacket and holding my vacuum cleaner!! I choke on my mouthful of wine and look at Crystal.

"Monique – do you remember a few months ago we talked about fantasies – you said that you had two – one that a gorgeous buff man would clean your house while you sat back and relaxed and the other was a story about a policeman? Well I have combined the two and gotten you a man dressed as a policeman to clean your house!!" Crystal was smiling so much that I didn't have the heart to say no. So I raised my glass and said – "get that vacuum cleaner buzzing baby!!"

Juan looked at Crystal and in a smooth deep voice said that he would start in the kitchen and then come into the lounge room. She nodded and he moved off. I was very happy that I had the air conditioner on – it was suddenly getting very warm inside. 

I sat there for the longest time and looked at her giggling to herself – she kept telling herself that it was the best idea she had ever had and that she expected same for her birthday. Her blonde hair was softly nestled around her small face – giving her the glow of an angel ... contrary to the wicked mind that was now discussing whether he would do the work naked... might cost extra – but what the hell she said!

I moved in my spot and wondered what to do next – surely I wasn't meant to sit here and just watch him work... it was getting very hot despite the air conditioner blasting ... "Lets have a swim" Crystal blurted interrupting my thought. Yes – good idea – might cool me down! Those rippling stomach muscles were still etched in my sight!! Crystal went to the car for her swimmers while I went upstairs and changed. I chose my favourite bikini that I usually only wear when wanting attention, not sure why I chose them except that I knew I looked fabulous in them! Besides I knew that with her large ample bosom, blonde hair and large doe like eyes no-one would look at me next to Crystal. 

Grabbing my white sun shirt and taking one last check in the mirror I went back downstairs. Crystal looked absolutely stunning! Her blonde hair and lightly tanned skin was contrasted by a soft pink bikini. The small triangles over her breasts and mound were barely large enough to see – let alone cover anything. She had put her hair up in a ponytail and had a fluffy white towel over her shoulders. "I am so glad I went to the salon yesterday" she said while looking down at her bikini bottom .. "was looking a tad nasty – smooth as now"!! Shocked I stepped back – OMG – she has had a brazillian!! I couldn't do that – I was all for neatness and keeping it trimmed but never could I go all the way!

Picking up our glasses we headed out to the pool. Sitting on the deck chairs sipping my wine – I could feel all the worries ease from my mind! Glancing at Crystal – I could not believe that this sexy woman was still single! We had been friends for three years and she never had a long term boyfriend in all that time... sure she had been on dates but no-one ever lasted more than two or three dates before she moved them on. Me – I was aching for a date – but with the hours I worked there was no chance to meet anyone – maybe I could borrow some of Crystals left overs...she didn't seem to be too interested. There was that hot architect she dated back in June – he made my body tingle just by looking at him... I wonder if I can get his number... that wouldn't be any use – I wouldn't have the courage to call him anyways.

I looked down at my bikini top, damn it – my nipples were poking through the cotton lining. I knew there was a reason this was my private bikini! Crystal groaned and shifted in her chair – must be a good dream she is having. I watch her chest rise and fall as her breath becomes heavier and faster. Man they are nice breasts!! I appreciate a nice pair of boobs and I don't think I have seen finer than hers! They are large yet firm – she can even lick her own nipples, according to the rumours! Oh my – I don't know what is wrong with me – sitting here gawking at my friends breasts wondering what it would be like to touch them..... lick them...... 

Suddenly my thoughts were interrupted by Juans voice asking me if I had any paper towels.... I told him they were in the pantry – bottom shelf. I couldn't help but notice that the front of his trunks was skin tight around what looked like an ample package. Oh dear what was with me today.... 

Crystal moaned and shifted in her chair again. Her nipples were hard and poking through her swimsuit top. She was breathing heavy and her hands were stroking her thighs. Feeling a little embarrassed for watching her I decided to get in the pool. The cool water would surely deflate my growing arousal. Diving in I could feel the cold water running down my body, like millions of little fingers touching me all over. Slowly I swam to the other end of the pool relishing in the way the water was tingling my sense of touch. I sat on the step and watched Crystal still laying there in the sun squirming in her lounge.

My hands stroked the outside of my thighs, my pussy was aching to be touched and relieved of its aching need. Knowing that the cleaner was inside and bound to come out any minute soon put a stop to that thought. I leaned back against the wall and closed my eyes soaking up the sun and thinking about what I was going to do later when I was alone in my bedroom....... 

Hearing the splash of the water – I opened my eyes to see Crystal gliding towards me. She doesn't like to get her hair wet and usually she looks awkward trying to swim with her head held high – but today she looked like a radiant goddess. Oh My God she exclaimed as he got closer. "What a dream I just had!! The idea of having that hunky cleaner naked at my house got the imagination moving!! Oh the wicked things I could do to him, nothing sexier than a man cleaning house!! "

Crystal is always talking about her sexual exploits. She is always having outrageous adventurous sex while I have virtually none – sometimes it can make me upset that she isn't more respectful to my situation – but today wasn't one of them. Cheekily I asked – Oh yeah, so what was he doing for you? Looking at me with her wicked grin she told me that I would have to just make up my own stories! We sat there quietly for about 5 minutes – each in her own dream. I could feel her leg next to mine and the odd touch of her arm on mine. I was getting goosebumps and it wasn't from the water being cold – it was the opposite – I was so hot! Jumping out and grabbing my towel I wondered how I could either get rid of them or slip away for a few minutes so that I could continue my dream and relieve the pressure that will building in my pussy.

I have had enough sun – I said to Crystal. I threw on my sun shirt and went back inside flopping onto the lounge. Hmm was nice and cool in the air conditioning. Juan then came in with a tray of fresh fruit and glasses of wine. Offering me some I gently raised a strawberry to my mouth and bit it before sipping the wine. I was sure that I saw him looking at my breasts as I leant back to the lounge. He had taken his jacket and boots off – shame – love a man in boots and a leather jacket. But his chest was lightly haired and his trunks were certainly well filled!! I am sure that I saw his penis twitch as he turned and went back into the kitchen. Crystal swished back in collapsing on the lounge in a fit of giggles. What is so funny I asked? You she said – I thought you were going to jump his bones right then and there! Well it has been a while between drinks I responded. Oh poor baby Crystal replied patting my knee. Perhaps we can do something about that. Let's try and get you a date next week – I know plenty of guys. I don't want a one night stand I said. I want someone who wants to get to know me – not a quick shag in the dark of night! 

Do you like sex? Crystal asked. Shocked I stammered – of course I do. But I like it slow and sensual – not rip your clothes off psycho sex like you!! Pouring herself a glass of wine Crystal leaned back next to me on the lounge. I don't always have psycho sex – she reputed obviously offended. I like it smooth and slow sometimes. Especially ..... well I just do that's all. 

I'm sorry honey – I said – I didn't mean to upset you. Lightly I brushed a loose tendril of hair from the side of her face. My fingers lingered on her cheek as I tucked the hair behind her ears. Her cheek was soft like silk. She looked at me and sipped her wine. I must have been in a trance as I slowly leaned in licked my lips and gently licked the wine from her bottom lip. Her lips are cold from the wine and the pool. Moving back a few inches – I see she has closed her eyes and her pink tongue is touching the spot that was just licked by me. I lean down to her long neck and begin to nuzzle at her neck and ear. She leans into me and lightly moans. I am not sure why I am doing this but cannot stop myself. It's like a slow motion dream.

It is then I realise that Crystals hand is on my thigh. I gently nuzzle her earlobe, her hand goes higher – I adjust my seating so that I can open my legs to her advances. Looking at her face – she looks into my eyes and asks me softly – are you sure you want to do this. In response I kiss her gently and sigh yes, oh yes! We kiss gently – I am surprised at how soft and tender her mouth is. Am I really kissing another woman? Am I going to have sex with Crystal? OMG I hope so!!

Crystal slips my shirt off my shoulders and starts to place tiny fluttery kisses on my shoulders and neck. She smells so good and her hair is like spun silk – it is so soft. I lean back on the lounge as her mouth starts to move lower to my breasts. My bosom is straining against the thin fabric of my bikini top. I feel as though they will explode out of the small pieces of fabric. Crystal starts to lick the outline of the fabric – then little tiny flicks of her tongue sends shivers down my spine. Oh my god I am going to cum just from her doing that. I squirm – Crystal stops and asks am I uncomfortable. 

I gently drop her dress from her shoulders. Her breasts rise and fall as she breathes heavily. I look at her – so so beautiful. I lightly trail my tongue up the centre line of her ample cleavage – tasting the salt from the pool. She leans back pushing them out further. I want, no need, to see them. I unclip her swimsuit at her neck. The top falls and there they are! Light pink perfectly round areolas and nipples that are hard waiting to be sucked. I lean into the right one first. I gently take the nipple into my mouth and lightly flick it with my tongue. The skin around them is so soft. I hear her moan as I give a little tug with my teeth and move to the left one. This nipple is a little larger – I am able to suck harder as she seems to enjoy that more. Her hand is running through my hair as she pushes my face harder into her breast. 

She lifts my chin and looks at me – are you sure you haven't done this before – she whispers? I can only shake my head as she kisses me. Not a gentle kiss like before but a hard hungry kiss. Her tongue delves into my mouth – her lips are so soft and her tongue seems to be in ten places at once. Suddenly I realise that she has moved her hand up under my dress and her fingers are lightly rubbing at my bikini bottoms. Nervously I twitch and move away slightly. Crystal removes her hand and looks at me – again asking if I am sure. I can only nod. She tells me to move to the chaise end of the lounge. I shuffle over and lean back on the cushions. 

Telling me to sit up she gently removes my dress and my bikini top. We have both forgotten about the cleaner. Sitting there with only my bikini bottom on I feel the cool air from the air conditioner. The sudden change in temperature gives me goose bumps and makes my nipples hard again. Don't worry – we' warm up in a minute. She passes me my wine and we have another sip without looking away from each other. Taking my glass she places it back on the coffee table Grabbing a strawberry Crystal bites the end then rubs it over my nipples then proceeds to lick and suck the juice from them. Mmmmm she moans – that's so sweet. You have lovely boobies. 

I reach out and cup her breasts and then she leans forward and places them within reach of my mouth. I nuzzle them like they are going to disappear – I don't think I could ever get enough of them. I feel Crystals hand again near my bottoms. Her nails trace the outline of my pants down to my inner thigh. My clitoris starts to twitch. I feel myself get even wetter. 

Suddenly her whole hand is rubbing my crotch through the pants. I moan and suck harder. She lowers her head and kisses me deeply my hands running through her hair. I run one hand down her back and can feel her tight ass under her clothing. Still kissing me I feel her hand move to the top of my pants and move inside – her fingers moving straight on to my clit. It doesn't take more than 30 seconds before she has me pushing myself against her finger in a shuddering orgasm. 

Needing to catch my breath I ask to swap spots. I wanted to get some more of those breasts. Even laying on her back they still are beautiful. I start to nuzzle and slowly move my hands to her pants. Using the same ideas that Crystal had I started to trace the outline of her pants. Then I slipped a finger under the elastic and ran it down the side of her pussy lips – then the same down the other side. She was moaning gently – I wondered whether I had moaned - probably. 

Suddenly I had the urge to see what I was doing – I moved down to the end of the chaise and grabbing each side of her pants gently removed them. It was truly beautiful. I had never seen a pussy before. The soft pink folds of skin. Crystal wasn't kidding about the brazillian – there wasn't sight of any hair ever having touched that amazing piece of her body. I moved in closer – I was worried that I would be horrified but it all was so beautiful and seemed to be the most natural thing in the world. I leant forward and lightly stroked my tongue from the bottom to the top – just flicking her clit so lightly at the end. She tasted so sweet I had no apprehensions about what I was doing.

I licked at her clit and her soft velvet opening not being able to get enough of her. Her clit became harder and harder until eventually the nub was so big I was able to suck it like a nipple. I could see her eyes closed and fluttering – her soft tongue licking her lips. Seeing the enjoyment on her face just made me work harder to increase the intensity. Her hips started writhing I slowed down – I wanted to take my time – I was enjoying this too much. My hands trailed lightly on her belly. I could feel the fine hairs on her skin. My senses were so alive I was sure that I could feel every single pore separately. 

I moved a hand down and gently probed a finger into her wet hole. She moaned louder. Licking harder at her clit, I placed another finger in – she started to pound against my hand. Oh oh oh she cried....her hands left her breasts and grabbed the back of my head pushing me harder into her. I moved my fingers faster – curling slightly upward hoping to find her g-spot. She rammed against my fingers as I slipped a third in. Nibbling and sucking at her pounding clit I could feel the muscles of her pussy walls start to contract around my fingers. 

I knew she was close to coming. I wanted to see that, feel her cum flood my fingers and most of all I wanted to taste it. Holy fuck! she screamed. Her hands were clenching the cushion at her head as her body began to buck and shake. She brought her knees up and I thought she was going to strangle me – but I kept my fingers and tongue going until she was truly finished. I had heard stories about women coming like a man but didn't believe it. Crystal had it dripping from her pussy so I thought that I had better clean it up. It tasted so sweet yet salty at the same time. 

Finally releasing me – I looked up at her from my kneeling position and asked if I did good? Fucking fantastic!! she exclaimed. I think that is the best I have ever had. I pass her a glass of wine and she sipped at it greedily. All that heavy breathing can dry a girl's throat. I can't resist her glistening lips and reach back up for another kiss. I cannot believe that I just made love with another woman – let alone my best friend!! I began to wonder about how our friendship was going to handle this new situation. Crystal must have seen the concern on my face. She lightly kissed me and said don't worry about it. Let us just enjoy today. Now it's your turn. 

Flipping me over onto my back she kissed me again. Not soft and gentle – but hard and hungry as she had before. My head was spinning – I still could not believe that this was real. Her teeth nibbled at my nipples tugging and pulling – my clit started to react to what I was hoping was going to happen. Slowly she trailed her tongue down to where her hands were already circling. Removing my pants she blows on my clit and pussy. Her fingers go up and down each side of my pussy lips pulling them open so the air is being felt across more and more area. Suddenly she opens my lips and dives her tongue into my wet hole. My body reacts with a shudder at the contrast between the cool air and the warm tongue. She moves it around like a small hard penis. Her fingers find my clit and start rubbing in circles – opposite to the way her tongue is going.

Suddenly I feel something very cold against my clit – she has a strawberry and is rubbing my clit gently with it. My body is so confused but loving every minute of it. She then sticks the strawberry where her tongue was – moving it in and out while her tongue licks my clit. Soon I feel the strawberry touching my lips – taste yourself baby she whispers to me – I bite it in half – she rubs the other half over my lips then my nipples – I watch while she sucks the rest of it then slurps and swallows it. Mmmm she murmurs then drops her head again. She focuses on licking my pussy. I try and hold back my climax as I want to enjoy this for as long as possible.

Opening my eyes I am suddenly reminded of the cleaner. He is standing in the doorway watching. His hard-on is protruding out of the top of his trunks and he is looking at Crystals ass as it bounces up and down while she is eating my pussy. He looks at me – giving him a cheeky smile I nod to him and point to Crystals ass hoping that he understands what I am trying to say. Within a split second he has dropped his trunks, I gasp as I see the size of his cock. Not only is it long but thick and ever so hard. He kneels behind Crystal and grabs her on the hips taking aim. She jerks back – looking to see what is happening. I sit up and kiss her – whispering that she needs to just enjoy it. 
