 Stephanie and John were on a weekend getaway to the city. They decided to hit the town for the night looking for opportunity and adventure. On their way home, they stopped in the hotel bar for a nightcap. The bar was trendy, noisy with music and bustling with people, typical of a Saturday night. They ordered a couple cocktails and watched the crowd. After a short while, Stephanie excused herself to go powder her nose. She had been gone for what seemed like 20 minutes or more and John began wondering if everything was alright. As he was about to ask a waitress to go check on her, Stephanie emerged from the ladies' room. 

Stephanie was holding hands with a young girl in a short black dress. She led her over to the bar where John was waiting. She introduced John to her new friend Jennifer. Jen was a cute, innocent looking blonde with a tight figure. She had just turned 22 a few days ago. Jen explained that she was from a small town in Iowa and had just broke up with her longtime boyfriend. They were high school sweethearts, but she wanted to experience more in life. He was content with the small town life, which caused them to drift apart. So, Jen decided to come to the big city for the first time in search of excitement.

Stephanie had a big grin on her face as Jen was relaying the story to John that she had just told Stephanie in the ladies' room. John knew what was on Stephanie's mind, as they had recently been talking about one of their fantasies involving another woman. He knew as soon as the story began what Stephanie was thinking. The trio continued with their conversation and a couple rounds of drinks. Jen had explained to the couple that she had never done anything wild in her life, and she was hoping to have a memorable experience in the city. 

"What kind of wild experience are you hoping to have?" John asked.

"I don't even know," Jen replied. "Something crazy that would never happen in my small little town. Something other than typical and boring. Anything." 

"I think we may be able to help you with that," replied Stephanie. Stephanie went on to explain that she and John often went out seeking adventure themselves. Stephanie explained that they were a sexually adventurous couple and liked new experiences. She explained their latest fantasy of having sex while being watched by another woman. Jen's eyes opened wide and her jaw dropped as she listened to the couple. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. 

"Would you be game to helping us out?" Stephanie inquired.

This wasn't at all the kind of wild Jen was expecting. Jen was sexually inexperienced, having never been with anyone other than her boyfriend. So, watching another couple have sex was beyond her wildest imagination. But, she had promised herself that she would be open to try any new opportunity that presented itself to broaden her horizons. At this point of the evening, she was also a bit tipsy from several rounds of drinks which helped relax her inhibitions. 

"I did say I wanted a wild experience," Jen remarked after a little hesitation. "I'm pretty sure that qualifies. I came all this way, so guess I can't chicken out now can I? I guess I'm in!" They finished their drinks and then went upstairs to John and Stephanie's room. As they entered the bedroom, Jen explained again she had never done anything like this and really didn't know what to do. 

"Don't worry dear, just relax and we'll do all the work" Stephanie explained. Stephanie motioned for Jen to sit on the corner of the bed, and she complied. Stephanie quickly stripped naked and then helped John out of his clothes. John laid on the bed and Stephanie eagerly went straight for his cock. She took his cock in her hand and started licking his shaft up and down. He quickly became hard. Stephanie slid the entire length of his hard cock in her mouth almost gagging as it hit the back of her throat. Jen watched intently as Stephanie continued sucking and licking his cock. Stephanie was enjoying putting on a show for Jen. 

"Hun you are going to get that pretty dress all wrinkled," Stephanie remarked as she paused briefly. "Why don't you get more comfortable? Take your dress off and hang it in the closet." Jen stood up and lifted her dress over her head, revealing her firm, 22-year old, toned body underneath. As she walked toward the closet, both John and Stephanie admired Jen's petite frame and tight little ass with the small black thong panties splitting the two halves of her perfectly round and firm cheeks. Jen returned from the hallway and sat back on the bed. Stephanie instructed her to lay up against the headboard so Jen could get a better view. Stephanie returned to servicing John's long, hard cock with her wet mouth. Up and down she bobbed on his cock.

"Feel free to rub your pussy and join in some pleasure if you like," Stephanie instructed Jen as she briefly paused again. Jen hesitated, but finally relented and complied by spreading her legs apart with her knees in the air. She slowly ran one hand down to her small black satin panties that were covering her pussy underneath and began rubbing her clit through her panties. As Jen watched Stephanie sucking John's cock, she continued rubbing her clit. She quickly got turned on and her panties became wet from her warm pussy juices. She adjusted her hand and slid it inside her now soaked panties, sliding two fingers deep inside her warm cunt. As Stephanie continued to slide her mouth up and down John's hard shaft, they both watched the outline of Jen's fingers through her panties moving up and down as she very slowly fucked herself with her hand.

John and Stephanie switched positions with Stephanie now laying on her back next to Jen. John swiftly plunged his hard shaft deep inside Stephanie as she let out a gasp. Jen's eyes were fixated on John's cock. He was much larger than her boyfriend was. She admired his shaft as John drove it in and out of Stephanie's pussy. Jen matched the rhythm of John's thrusts with her two fingers sliding in and out of her dripping slit. She imagined her fingers were John's cock as she wondered what how it would feel to get fucked by that big cock. 

Stephanie was watching Jen the entire time and could tell Jen's gaze was locked on her husband's cock. The sight of Jen pleasuring herself while watching John fuck her really aroused Stephanie. Even though Jen was just "watching", all three were erotically intertwined as John continued to ram his cock deep inside Stephanie while Jen did the same with her fingers inside her warm pussy.

John picked up Stephanie and flipped her over on the bed so he could fuck her from behind. Stephanie landed on her hands and knees in between Jen's legs that were spread wide apart. Stephanie looked at Jen with a little bit of surprise not having intended to land so close to Jen. Jen gave no sign of disapproval as she continued to rub her swollen pussy and plunge her fingers in and out of her hot, wet box still covered by her wet panties. So, Stephanie relaxed as John entered her from behind. As John thrust hard with each stroke into Stephanie's pussy, her face nearly came in contact with Jen's. 

Stephanie glanced down and saw Jen's firm breasts trapped underneath her bra. Stephanie admired Jen's naturally firm cleavage as her chest heaved up and down from her heavy breathing. Stephanie had never been into other women, but she found herself curiously wanting to see more of Jen. Stephanie reached around Jen's rib cage and slid her hand underneath Jen's back to undo her bra. As Stephanie undid the clasp with one hand, her other hand pushed the bra from Jen's beautiful firm tits. 

Stephanie looked at Jen's face, but again saw no sign of disapproval. Jen had never been with another woman either and never had such a desire, but she was caught up in the ecstasy of her wild night and was along for the ride. Stephanie continued to admire Jen's beautiful breasts now that her bra was no longer in the way. They were not overly large, but were very perky, firm and well-proportioned to her petite frame. Her small nipples were now quite hard.

John continued to slowly pound his cock deep inside Stephanie's pussy. Each stroke was with deliberate force as Stephanie's backside collided with the base of John's shaft. The sound of their bodies slapping together with each stroke further aroused both Stephanie and Jen. The encounter with Jen was really exciting Stephanie. It had started as simply having Jen watch Stephanie and John fuck, but Stephanie was getting turned on with each step seeing how far she could push Jen's boundaries. Stephanie stretched forward and gave Jen a quick innocent kiss on the lips. Jen didn't respond much, so Stephanie tried again, this time more deliberate with a long, wet lingering kiss on her lips. This took Jen a little by surprise as the first had been an innocent peck, but the second clearly was not. 

Stephanie was suddenly worried she went too far and pulled back. Jen took a moment to think about it and react, and after a long pause she placed her free hand behind Stephanie's head and pulled her back closer. Jen had never kissed another woman, and was now curious. This time the two locked together as their mouths opened and passionately exchanged a deep wet kiss. Their tongues twirled together inside each other's mouths. A rush went through each of their bodies with it being the first kiss of another woman for each of them. They both really liked it as they continued kissing for a while as John continued to fuck Stephanie and Jen continued rubbing her pussy with her hand in her panties.

The sight of Stephanie kissing Jen also aroused John as he began to increase the rate of his thrusts. Stephanie broke from her kiss with Jen in order to catch her breath that became short as John fucked her harder and harder. Stephanie was now looking down at Jen's cute perky breasts heaving up and down in front of her. Stephanie glanced up at Jen again. Their eyes met for a moment, then Stephanie lowered her mouth to one of Jen's breasts as she began kissing and licking her nipple. She glanced up at Jen, and again with no sign of disapproval, Stephanie returned to flicking Jen's hard nipple repeatedly with her tongue. 

She moved to her other breast repeating the same, then opened her mouth wide and plunged as much of Jen's breast in her mouth as she could manage and sucked as hard as she could. Jen let out a brief whimper of pleasure and placed her free hand on Stephanie's head and ran her fingers through her hair. Stephanie continued sucking and licking Jen's tits moving from one to the other. She lightly put Jen's nipple between her teeth as she licked the end repeatedly with her tongue. This was driving Jen wild, causing her to increase the rate of her fingers plunging in and out of her hot, wet pussy.

John grabbed a tighter hold on Stephanie's hips as he began to really fuck her hard. This pulled Stephanie away from Jen's breasts with her head now over Jen's tight stomach. Stephanie admired Jen's sculpted abs as they clenched and released as Jen ground her hips into her hand as she continued to fuck herself with her fingers. Stephanie worked her glance down Jen's body as the angles of her lower ab muscles guided her sight to Jen's pussy. Stephanie watched Jen's fingers slide in and out of her wet cunt. With her position looking down, Stephanie was able to see through the top of Jen's now stretched out panties to get a nice view of Jen's fingers going in and out of her pussy. 

Stephanie began to focus on Jen's hand. She wondered what she felt like inside. She imagined how hot and wet her pussy was inside. She wondered what her warm juices would taste like. She had never had such cravings before, but now she deeply wanted to feel and taste Jen. Stephanie pulled Jen's hand from her drenched panties. Stephanie looked up at Jen, who looked back with anticipation of what was next. Stephanie took Jen's fingers in her mouth and sucked the warm juices from them similar to how she had sucked John's cock earlier. 

The taste of Jen's pussy juices excited Stephanie. She quickly licked Jen's fingers clean and wanted more. So, with one hand Stephanie pulled Jen's panties aside to reveal her swollen pussy. Stephanie took her other hand and slid two fingers between Jen's wet slit pussy to replace Jen's own hand. Stephanie lowered her head, open her mouth, stuck out her tongue and licked Jen's clit. Jen shuttered from the pleasure and placed her hand again on the back of Stephanie's head. Stephanie took the cue of approval and continued by sucking on Jen's clit with her wet mouth. This was all Jen could take. Her body instantly went into convulsions as she came in Stephanie's mouth. 

Stephanie wanted more, so she continued to lick and suck at Jen's pussy. She alternated with driving her fingers in and out of Jen's wet cunt, then followed with her tongue plunging in and out between her soft pussy lips. Stephanie lapped her tongue repeatedly over Jen's clit as she fucked her with her fingers. She could hear Jen moaning and gasping louder and louder. Stephanie could feel Jen's body tense up again. With her face buried in Jen's pussy, John continued pounding his cock inside her own pussy. She too could feel herself get closer and closer to cumming. 

Stephanie increased the rate of her tongue lapping at Jen's clit as they both started to moan. As the moans got louder and faster, both of their bodies began to tense up again. Both Jen and Stephanie simultaneously exploded into orgasm. Jen screamed out uncontrollably, with Stephanie's own screams muffled from having Jen's clit in her mouth. Stephanie sucked up the juices from Jen's second orgasm and then lifted her head to see the results of her work. She glanced up at Jen and the two smiled with pleasure at each other.

"Do you like cum on your face?" Stephanie inquired of Jen as she sensed her husband must also be close to eruption. Jen looked back at Stephanie with a puzzled look as if she didn't understand the question. Stephanie knew what she had to do next to complete Jen's wild experience. She glanced back at John who silently acknowledged her plan. John pulled his cock from Stephanie's pussy, stood up beside the bed and began stroking it. 

"Come dear, you are in for a treat," Stephanie instructed Jen as she quickly reached out for Jen's hand. Jen, still slightly confused, followed Stephanie's lead as she took her hand pulling her from the bed. Both girls kneeled on the floor in front of John as he stood next to the bed continuing to stroke his cock. Stephanie got behind Jen and placed her hands on each side of Jen's face, pushing her hair back. Jen looked up at John's cock which was now inches from her face as he stroked it faster and faster. She quickly realized what was about to happen but didn't really know what to do or expect. 

Jen had never had a cum facial and wasn't entirely sure she was comfortable with it. As a matter of fact, she was pretty sure she wasn't. Jen knew nothing about what this was like, not having had any girlfriends that had tried it either. She wanted to protest. But, she wasn't sure if she did, if Stephanie would let go of her. 

Jen could see John's legs start to tense up as the head of his cock began to swell in his hands in front of her face. Jen became more and more apprehensive. John stroked faster and faster. He began to groan, but suddenly stopped stroking as he pinched the head of his cock. This confused Jen. She quickly wondered if John had sensed her apprehension and was going to stop. 

Jen had barely completed that thought as John let go with a huge explosion of cum. Jen was startled as the first blast of hot cum shot from the end of John's shaft on her forehead and into her hair as she flinched backward in reflex. Jen's first instinct was to pull away, but Stephanie held her face steady in place so John wouldn't miss. The second barrage of cum quickly followed hitting Jen just below her eyes and streaming down her cheek. John continued dumping what seemed to Jen like an endless barrage of warm cum on her face. The next few shots landed squarely across Jen's tightly closed lips. The final landed across her nose and trickled down to her upper lip. 

To her surprise, Jen unexpectedly enjoyed the sight of cum as it shot from the end of John's penis. She also liked the warm feeling of the sticky goo as it hit her face. When he had finished the explosions, John squeezed the last dripping stream of cum from his shaft as it slowly trickled down to Jen's lips. 

Jen's face was now well covered in John's cum. The encounter of fucking his wife as he watched her with Jen, along with the opportunity to give Jen her very first cum facial, had really aroused John. He delivered one of his largest cumloads ever. Stephanie turned Jen's face to her so she could see the work John had done. Stephanie smiled as she was quite impressed and quite aroused seeing her husband's load spread all over Jen's pretty face. 

"Go ahead, taste it," Stephanie instructed her. Jen shook her head no, unable to speak with her lips tightly closed to keep any cum from getting in her mouth. Jen had never let anyone cum in her mouth and had never tasted semen. 

"Try it," Stephanie continued. "I'm sure you will like it." Jen again shook her head no. 

By now, cum was drizzling down Jen's cheeks and dangling from her chin. Stephanie moved in sticking her tongue out to catch the dripping cum in her own mouth. She began to lick it from Jen's cheeks, gathering a big pool of cum in her mouth. She opened her mouth to show Jen all the cum she had collected. Stephanie flirtatiously played with the sticky pool of cum in her mouth swirling it around with her tongue showing Jen. At that point Jen figured what the hell, she had gone this far she might as well experience it all. With slight apprehension, she slowly opened her mouth and licked some of the cum from her upper lip. 

Jen surprised herself again. She loved it! Something about the taste of it, but also what it represented. She enjoyed the essence of the experience of having John unleash his massive load of cum on her face. It was kinky and dirty. It was pure sexual. The new experience made her feel sexy. The thought of how the sexual cum originated from John fucking Stephanie right in front of her, to the sight of it blasting from the tip of his cock, to the warm feeling as it hit her soft skin and slid down her face, to now the taste of it in her mouth. Jen was enjoying it. She realized at that moment how much she liked getting that cum facial and her new found love of cum. She felt empowered.

Jen took her fingers and wiped the remaining cum that Stephanie had missed from her face and forehead. Jen played with the sticky goo with her fingers, then licked them clean and pooled the cum in her own mouth just as Stephanie had shown her. She too enjoyed swirling the sticky goo in her mouth. Jen opened her mouth to show Stephanie to get her "approval" that she had done it right like Stephanie had. Unexpected to Jen, Stephanie leaned forward and darted her cum covered tongue in Jen's mouth. The two exchanged another long kiss, twirling cum between their tongues and in and out of each other's mouths. As some would drip from the sides of their mouths as they kissed, the other would lick it back from her cheek to return it to the exchange. They continued playfully swapping the load of cum from one mouth to another. As they finished kissing, Stephanie pulled away with her mouth closed and swallowed the remaining cum she had in her mouth with a long gulp. She opened her mouth to show Jen it was all gone, and Jen followed suit and repeated the procedure.

"Now the last lesson for you to learn tonight, is that when you get such a beautiful facial like that, make sure to give your man a proper thank you," Stephanie said to Jen. Jen again looked a little puzzled. Stephanie got behind her and placed her hands lightly on each side of her face again and angled her head back. Stephanie said "open wide" and Jen dropped her mouth open as instructed. With that cue John step over and lowered his cock sliding it into Jen's waiting mouth. Jen was half startled again and half filled with enjoyment. After all, she had been admiring John's big cock all evening as Stephanie had first sucked it till it was hard and then as it was plunging in and out of Stephanie's pussy. 
