 I arrive this morning knowing that you have a surprise for me, something that we had discussed and have planned for a while. I am apprehensive of what we planned for today, I am unsure if I am ready to take this step in our relationship, if by introducing another to our bedroom that the dynamics we have will alter, if I can go back to being just us, if I will want too. I have wanted us to have another woman in our bed, a playmate for us both to enjoy. Today is that day.

I walk into your bedroom to find Julie spread out on your bed, she is naked and waiting for our arrival, I admire her body, the curve of her breasts, the slope of her stomach leading towards her centre. To the place holding all our secret desires. I lick my lips in anticipation. I glance around the room but you are not here. I hear you down in the kitchen and I realise you are giving me my time to adjust and prepare for you. 

As I walk over to my mat and slowly undress, I glance up at Julie and watch as her hands travel over her body, she is well proportioned, her breasts round and firm but not too big, her hips shapely, thighs thick and strong, I can imagine them wrapped around you, her long legs skin golden from the sun, her mound bare and inviting, her long hair flowing over the pillows surrounding her. Julie's eyes are on me as I remove my layers. Removing my jeans and jumper before reaching behind me to my bra strap clasp to free my breasts. Julie is watching me as my hands caress my body, she licks her lips in anticipation as my hands travel down to remove my knickers, I lower them slowly exposing my strip of hair leading to my naked lips. 

Once I'm naked I kneel on my mat, my hands resting on my thighs, knees spread apart inviting and I wait for your arrival. You enter the room and immediately your eyes find me, waiting and wanting on my mat, you moan in appreciation before you look over at the bed to find Julie waiting for us. You come to me so that I can undress you, removing your layers so that your hard cock springs free from your jocks as I lower them over your hips and down your legs. You ask me if I am ready for our time with Julie. I answer "yes master, can I please play with Julie now for you". You smile down at me and give me permission to do so. I caress your balls, lick your tip before taking your helmet deep into my mouth, sucking your cock before I rise and walk over to the bed.

I lean over and smile down at our new friend, our playmate. I see the desire in her eyes, she is waiting and wanting what we have to offer. I stroke her hair from her face before I lower my mouth to hers. I kiss her closed lips until they part and invite me in to kiss her deeper. She reaches up and rests her hand on my cheek. 

As our kisses deepen you watch from the place you've taken to stand, happy to watch from my mat whilst I enjoy my time with her first. I hear your moans of appreciation as I move my hands down her body to mould and caress her breasts, I test out how responsive her nipples are by giving them a little squeeze and twist. She arches her back in response and I know exactly what I want to do with her first. I plan to make my way down her body, I will rub her clit till she orgasms on my fingers and before she can come back to earth I will straddle her so that she eats my pussy as I eat hers. She will come again, I will gush on her face before you join us and take our pleasures to the next level.

I continue to kiss her before breaking away to explain what I have planned for her, I ask her if she is happy to receive what I wish to do. She smiles and says "yes please" before she reaches out to caress my breasts and invites me to make my way down her body. I look over to you to see if your happy with my plans before you are able to join us. I know you are a patient man and that watching me pleases you. 

I move my lips from her mouth to trail kisses down over her breasts, nibbling and sucking as she moans. My fingers are making their way down her ribs, over her stomach and down to her mound, inches my fingers over her hairless mound to slip in between her lips to find that she is wet with desire.

My fingers lightly caress her outer lips, flicking over her sensitive clithood, she arches her back pressing her mound closer to me. I suckle her breast as my finger rubs over her pelvic bone thrusting into her vagina to find her walnut. I feel a flood of cunt juice, thick in the prime of her fertile window, and I moan knowing how delicious this will be when I make my way down to taste. I withdraw my finger and as I glance over to you, staring deeply into your eyes I raise my finger to her mouth forcing her to taste herself, she licks her juice off my fingers greedily, begging for more.

My hand returns to her cunt, thrusting in and out, rubbing on her pelvic bone and flicking her clit as I feel her building towards her first orgasm. Her hips rise off the mattress as it hits and she screams out in pleasure. I don't allow her to come back to earth before I straddle her face, I smile up at you before I lower my lips to her pussy. Soon we will be sharing this glorious pussy together but first I want to gush on her face, I want to make her come from the attention my mouth will give her, I will own her first before you own us both. 

I grind my hips against her face making her taste me, so that she knows how much I want her by the amount of wetness I have between my thighs. I feel her tongue dart out to lick along my clit hood, flicking my bolt up and down. I match her actions with my own tongue on her clit. We lick and grind in unison until we both are building. I feel that I need more pressure so I give her more pressure, hoping she will match me, by nibbling on her clit, rubbing it between my teeth, she matches my actions and I know I am close to the edge of my peak. I rub on her pelvic bone hard with the tip of my tongue as I feel myself building, she does the same and I feel my gush let go, I flood my release over her face, squirting until I am sated as I taste her come on my lips, she has found her release also.

You have moved over to the bed by now, you know my bodies reactions and had read when I was going to come. You sit down on the mattress beside us. As I look up from Julie's pussy you reach for me to kiss. You taste Julie's juices from my lips. I rise off of her face to allow us all to kneel together on the mattress. Julie and I look at each other and silently agree it was time that we worked together to pleasure you. 

We both lean forward to kiss your mouth, the three of us sharing in this kiss of passion. Hands from all of us caressing each other, breasts are rubbed and squeezed as is your chest and shoulders, we feel the strength of your body under our palms. I guide my hand down your body until your cock is in my hand, I stroke along your shaft as Julie reaches down to caress and scratch your balls. You reach down to suckle our breasts taking your time to pleasure both of us with your mouth as we kneel together. Both of us are arching our backs from the pleasure you bestow upon us.

You lie back on the pillow as you pull me closer, you guide me to sit on your face. I'm looking down your body, my arse cheeks are in your line of sight as your tongue darts out to lick my cunt. Julie kneels between your thighs, she reaches forward to kiss me, fondling my breasts. I guide her hands to your cock before I reach for her head, gently I lower her face towards you so that she can suck your cock as you're eating me. 

I reach forward to twist her nipples as I feel myself building towards my next orgasm, I watch as her head bobs up and down on your cock. This excites me to watch her pleasuring you. I reach for her face and drag her up your body so that she lowers her pussy over your cock, she is riding you cowgirl as I fuck your face. We lean towards each other to kiss, our hands squeezing each other's breasts. I feel your moans of pleasure against my clit as I let go and gush on you. 

You are building from the pleasures of Julie on your cock so you lift me off your face and lift Julie off your cock. It isn't time to come yet, you still have so many plans for us both first. You know that you want to spill your seed in me, for it to reach deep into my womb, that you will own me this way today as I take Julie and drive her crazy with her next orgasm. She will lie there with us sated and grateful to be our playmate today. But first you have a few things in store for both of us before you will thrust your cock in to me to find your release.

You reach into my draw to retrieve my jewelled butt plug, I am happy to see you lube this before you tell me to turn around, you tell me to present my arse to the sky, to spread my legs apart. I stand beside the bed and present myself to you. You hand the plug to Julie and tell her to insert it slowly into my arsehole, to pleasure me with it. You told Julie that if I am well pleasured by her she will be rewarded. She smiles at you before reaching to take the butt plug. She runs her hands over my arse cheeks before she presses the plug against my opening. She pulls it away but before she lowers it towards me again her other hand raises and comes down firmly on my cheek, spanking me, I moan and thrust forward with the pleasure. She teases my arsehole once more by pushes the plug a little further in before removing it and repeating her spank on the other cheek. Before I finish moaning from the pleasure this brings the plug is back at my opening and pressing thru my sphincter. I open up and take my plug in deeply, I moan and feel myself moisten with desire for more. She reaches her other hand between my thighs until her fingers thrust in to rub against my walnut. Instantly I am coming on her fingers. You are caressing my back as Julie is pleasuring me, your hands roam over my body and you twist my nipples as I come.

You tell Julie she is a good girl and she will be rewarded. You assist me to stand up as you reach into the draw for my vibrator. You tell me that I will use this on Julie now as you fuck me. You guide me to the end of the bed and bend me over the end so that you can enter me from behind, my jewelled butt plug will remain in my arse as your cock enters my cunt, you will thrust in me hard and fast until we both orgasm but I am to ensure Julie enjoys her reward, I am to make her come too. The three of us will find our final release together.

As I position myself over the end of the bed, you kiss and caress Julie as she position herself on the mattress in front of me so that I am between her thighs. I look up from my bent over position to the beauty of her pussy in front of me ready to receive. You walk up behind me but before you press your cock into my vagina your hands join mine to pleasure Julie together. 

You lube up the vibrator so that I can begin to play this over her sensitised clit. I rub it down to press against her opening as your finger finds the spot on the top of her clithood to rub and press against that will make her buck under our fingers. Just as I push the vibrator into her cunt you guide your cock into mine. 

I guide the vibrator in and out of her pussy in time matching your rhythm in me, slowly at first as we all build but getting faster and thrusting harder until I feel her shudder with her orgasm. Her hands are on her breasts, pleasuring herself. I hold the vibrator in deep and reach forward to rub on her clit until she is screaming thru her orgasm. I let go of my build and match her shudders with my own. I feel my cunt juices flowing out as I gush on your cock pounding me. Your hands are gripping my hips and I hear your panting as I feel your seed spurt out into me, thrusting forward with each powerful spurt of come hitting my uterus wall.

We separate and move to lie tangled on the bed as we catch our breaths sated and spent. Happy to have experienced something new together, being able to enjoy someone else to satisfy all our needs and desires. Julie is grateful to have joined us today and wonders if she will be allowed to visit again one day.