 I was still in the arms of the strange, exciting women that I had been making love to on the couch, her blonde hair spread on the cushion, her pretty face looking up at me with an intense expression as I slowly and methodically pumped my cock in and out of her. As I gazed into her eyes, I heard a sound, and felt myself pulling away. She smiled at me as her face faded into oblivion. It was an alarm clock. My eyes opened, and I saw the ceiling of our bedroom, and heard the clock belting out it’s annoying sound. 

“Damn, only a dream.” I said aloud.

I looked down, and saw that my cock was fully erect, the blanket over the top of it, sticking straight up. I smiled as I remembered all of those old, corny, “pitching a tent” jokes that I had heard as a kid. I looked over at my wife, who was beginning to stir. I realized that I didn’t have to work today, it being Saturday, and felt a wave of relief. She had to go in today, though, so I reached over and gently touched her shoulder. She wasn’t facing me, and I heard her hit the “snooze” button on the clock, silencing it.

“You have to get up, sweetie, it’s time to get ready.”

“Oh, I know. Just a few more minutes.” She said in her half asleep, morning voice.

I rolled my head over, closing my eyes, longing to be back with the blonde in my dream. Suddenly, I heard a movement under the covers. I felt my wife’s hand touch my thigh, her fingers caressing my skin. I felt the shivers run up my spine. She had turned her head toward me, and had noticed my state of arousal. Her hand moved up, and slid around my hard shaft, wrapping her fingers around it.

“Mmm, what has you so worked up this morning? Dreaming again?” She said in a low voice.

Her hand began pumping up and down slowly, my cock hardening even more.

“Umm yes,” I moaned, I can’t help it!” I moaned.

She then slid her head under the blanket, moving down toward my crotch. I looked down and watched as she moved directly over my cock, the blanket concealing her. I then felt it, an almost imperceptible touch, a gentle licking on the very end of it. Then, more deliberate licks all over the head, the soft tongue massaging it gently. I closed my eyes, and groaned. 

“This is almost too good to be true.” I thought. 

I heard her moan softly, then felt her soft, warm mouth slide over the head of my cock. Then, she began to suck, gently at first, the gradually harder. Her hand was still wrapped around the base of my shaft, and she had begun a slow pumping. I felt her other hand move up and cup my balls, gently massaging them. I looked straight up at the ceiling, my mind whirling with thoughts of total lust, my hips moving up and down slowly, meeting her rhythm, lost in the pleasure of this moment. 

I knew I wouldn’t last long, and very soon I felt the indescribable feeling of approaching orgasm. My eyes clenched, and I became lost in the feeling of her wet, warm mouth, my nerve endings reaching a peak of indescribable pleasure. I felt the first spasm of cum beginning, and I warned her in a broken voice.

“I’m going to cum!”

She merely clamped her mouth down tighter. My cock began shooting its warm fluid right into her mouth. She swallowed it all immediately, still pumping my swollen shaft with her hand. My hips moved up and down as my balls emptied completely into her. As my orgasm subsided, she continued sucking and licking, cleaning me completely. She then moved up my body, her head popping up from under the blanket, a broad smile on her face.

“Good morning!” she said in a cheerful voice.

“Geez!” I said. “That was wonderful!”

“That’s because you are wonderful.” She said, kissing my cheek.

“What were you dreaming about?” she asked “Oh, nothing, just the same thing as usual.”

“Not that again! Are you still thinking about that fantasy?”

“Yes. I can’t help it. It would be so hot.”

She gave me a skeptical look.

“I’m just not sure, honey. The idea of having sex with other couples, I just don’t know. The idea does excite me, but, I’m not sure if I could handle it.”

As she spoke, I moved my hand down over her pussy, massaging it gently, feeling her wetness.

“Just think, the feeling of another man’s hands on your body, exploring you like this.”

My fingers slid into her pussy, and she emitted a gasp.

“Strange hands sliding over you, bringing you so much pleasure, making you cum. Just think of the excitement of it, the possibilities.”

My fingers massaged her clit, pressing it, moving in a circular motion that I knew she loved.

“Oh, honey! God!”

I felt her body start to quiver as orgasm came in a rush.

She seemed to have a very sensitive clitoris, and could cum quite easily and very frequently during our lovemaking.

She clutched me, and moaned softly as the waves of pleasure washed over her. I felt the sticky wetness of her juices on my fingers.

“Just think about it, Ok?”

She lay there, panting in the glow of her release. 

“I don’t know. I’m just not sure. I have to go to work.”

I watched her get up, her naked body silhouetted in the partial darkness. She had lost so much weight recently, and had regained the supple curves of her youth. The thought of sharing her with another had become an obsession with me.

END OF PART ONE