 I stood on the front porch of the house, the light from the single, glass covered bulb above my head illuminating everything in amber. My right arm was around my wife, Linda's shoulder as I stared at the oak door in front of us. I have to admit; I was a little nervous and excited at this point. I suddenly sensed that Linda was too, and I could feel her shaking underneath her coat. I turned and looked into her eyes, and could see worry and apprehension in them. I gave her the best reassuring, confident smile that I could muster.

"Oh, sweetie, don't be nervous. This will be great! I told you so. I'll look after you; don't worry. Just have fun."

"Oh Tom. Stop it." She answered with a nervous little smile.

I bent my head to hers, giving her a small kiss on her lips. I could almost feel them trembling. A thought then occurred to me.

"Is she really scared, or just excited?"

I really couldn't believe that we had gotten to this point so soon. I had been toying with the idea of sharing my wife for a long while. Just the thought of her being ravaged by a stranger as I looked on got me very excited, and I didn't even know why. I shared these thoughts with her during our lovemaking sessions, describing in great detail my fantasies. At first, she was not receptive at all, and scoffed at the idea of introducing others into our life. One of the things that she was most worried about was the prospect of seeing me with another woman. I constantly reassured her that she had nothing to worry about, and that I loved only her. This was just sex, and a great way to "expand our horizons", so to speak. The truth of the matter was that I did not desire other women as much as I did seeing my wife with another man!

About a month previous, I had begun to search in computer chat rooms for suitable couple "candidates." I had narrowed it down to four, then two, then one. I met Chuck and Mary in an erotic literature room, and had shared some writings with them. It just so happened that they lived in a town only two short hours away! They always came on together, which I thought was promising. We exchanged pictures, and they seemed to be happy with what they saw. I know I was! They seemed to be the ideal choice for us. Chuck was tall, dark haired, and a little on the heavy side, but quite handsome. When I showed Linda his picture, she seemed to be mildly interested, and gave a little "huh."

Mary was a good deal shorter than Chuck, not stunningly beautiful, but very cute, with dark, long hair, a mischievous smile, and very large breasts. She had a very funny, flirty personality that turned me on immensely, as well as a set of piercing green eyes. She loved to have cyber sex, and it was obvious that she was not inhibited in any way. Plus, she seemed to be interested in me sexually, so I figured, what the hell. 

Chuck could barely conceal his interest in Linda; after all, she was very attractive. She had long, very thick, brown hair that cascaded down her back, and fair skin. She was very well proportioned, and the picture that I had sent him was of her in a tight dress; a side profile that showed off her perfectly formed breasts and small waist. Her smile was very wide, and it lit her whole face up. I loved this picture of her, and knew that it would do the trick.

I had shared my fantasy with them, and they had seemed very interested in fulfilling it! Basically, I liked them both, and had chosen them because they seemed stable, sexy, and in search of the same thing we were. We arranged a time, and made a confirmed date for our meeting. I constantly reassured Linda that it would be fun, and, I sensed that instead of just agreeing to "go through with it because she loved me," she actually began to look forward to the meeting herself.

So, here we were, on a cold night in February, standing on Chuck and Mary's porch. I reached out, and pressed the doorbell, hearing the faint buzzing from somewhere inside the house. I looked at Linda one more time, and winked at her, hoping to put her nervous mind at ease. She held my gaze for a moment, and then broke it away, looking at the door. At that moment I felt just a pang of guilt and regret, the reality of what I was subjecting her to becoming apparent to me. I immediately pushed these thoughts away, as I heard the clicking of the deadbolt.

The door swung open, and we were met with the wide, toothy smile of Chuck.

"Hey Tom! You guys made it! Come on in, it's freezing out there!"

I smiled back at him, and rested my hand on Linda's back, as if pushing her slightly into the doorway. We entered the house, the warm air hitting our faces as we stepped into the large living room.

"Well, we finally meet!" He said in a loud voice.

I could see his eyes moving up and down Linda's body, and felt a surge of excitement.

"Come on in, Mary's waiting!"

He helped us with our coats, hanging them in a closet, and we followed him down a small hallway, and into an equally large dining room. There she was, carrying a steaming dish from the kitchen, her wide, contagious smile spread across her face.

"Hello! Great to meet you two!"

She set the dish down, and walked around the large, old- fashioned dining room table to where we stood, her arms open in greeting. She wrapped them around Linda, and squeezed her, kissing her cheek. I was secretly very glad for this, because I could actually see some of the tension leaving Linda's face at this warm reception. She then hugged me, her large breasts pressing against me, and her expensive perfume wafting into my nose, and I felt myself getting a little aroused.

The meal was wonderful; home cooked spaghetti and meatballs, fine wine, and very sexy conversation. Chuck had a great sense of humor, as did Mary, and we laughed through the entire meal. I looked at Linda, and I could see that she was definitely enjoying herself, smiling widely, the effects of the wine becoming evident by the flushed redness of her lovely face. She was not at all offended by Chuck's bawdy sense of humor, and laughed aloud at his sexually suggestive jokes. Mary caught my glance whenever she could, smiling and flashing her green eyes. I could feel the excitement growing stronger as the evening progressed.

As Mary cleaned up the kitchen, I heard the doorbell ring. Chuck got up and left the room, and we found ourselves alone at the table. I smiled at Linda, and she smiled back. 

"Are you having a good time?" I asked.

"Yes, I am. I'm glad I came. Chuck is so funny!"

"I'm glad you like him. Linda," I then paused.

"I love you."

"I love you too, Tom."

It was then that I saw it. She was horny! I had been with her so long, that I knew the signs. She had the flushed cheeks, the mischievous smile, the hungry look in her eyes. I felt an almost instantaneous surge of excitement. I knew that this was going to be a very interesting evening indeed!

Chuck walked back into the dining room, and I could see that he was not alone. Behind him was a man, a bit younger, not quite as tall. He had dark hair, very short and cropped. He appeared at first to be of African American descent, but had light skin. He was very muscular, as if he worked out regularly, and wore a rugby style shirt with light chinos. 

"Tom, I'd like you to meet Tony."

I stood up, and shook Tony's hand. He had a very strong grip, and it hurt slightly.

"Nice to meet you."

"Tony, this is my wife, Linda."

The man's eyes lit up as he gazed at my wife, who just smiled back warmly.

"Oh, great!" I thought. "There goes our plan for a wild night."

"He's a co-worker of mine, and it seems that he and his girlfriend have had a bit of a falling out tonight. He needs a place to stay, so I offered. Do you mind?"

"Why would I mind? It's your house!" I said a little too loudly.

I looked at Linda, and was surprised to see that she was checking out Tony's tight body. Her eyes had rested on his thighs and ass, and she was almost imperceptibly licking her lips.

Immediately, a small wave of jealousy rippled through me. "This isn't part of my plan! What is this guy doing here?" I thought to myself.

Everyone sat around and made small talk for a while, and more wine was consumed. Tony joined right in with the laughter, and I found him to be a very nice guy. Apparently, so did Linda, because she couldn't seem to keep her eyes away from him. She laughed loudly at every joke he told, and hung on his every word. The more I thought about this, the more interesting the situation became. She was on her fourth glass of wine, and I knew what to expect from her now.

"Hey Chuck. What did you think about our talk last week?"

Chuck just gave me a strange smile.

"Ok. Come on upstairs, folks. Time for initiation."

I looked at Linda with surprise.

"Initiation? I asked.

"Just follow me. Mary! It's time!"

We all walked upstairs. At the top of the staircase, straight ahead was the master bedroom. We filed right into it. At one end of the room was a long couch, covered with huge pillows. The walls were done in Early American wood finished paneling, and all around the room were pieces of antique furniture that I figured must have been worth a fortune. At the other end was a large, antique, canopy bed, draped in white lacy satin.

"Wow, what a great room." I said.

"Well, Tom, Mary and I spend a lot of time here, so we figured we'd make it nice."

I looked at Linda, who was staring at the lavish décor of the room.

Chuck continued.

"Ok Tom and Linda. I have a confession to make. Mary and I have been preparing for your visit, and we'd like you to know that we are so glad that you've followed through with it. I have to tell you that I kind of fibbed about the reason that Tony is here. Mary and I have known him for quite some, and he has become very welcome here. When you shared your fantasy with me, well, it hit so close to home. Tony is kind of an expert in his field, so to speak, and he is here tonight to help you and Linda fulfill yours."

I just stared at Chuck, still not understanding.

He continued.

"I want you to do something for us right now, guys."

I looked at Linda, trying to read her thoughts, but couldn't. She wouldn't look at me.

"We're going to blindfold you, ok?"

I hesitated.

"Umm, ok. That's ok, right Linda?" I asked.

" Yes, ok," she said in a halting voice.

It was at this point that started wondering what I had gotten us into.

Chuck pulled out two blindfolds, and handed one to Mary, who walked to me, spun me around, and pulled the cloth over my face. I was in darkness now, and I felt myself being led over toward the couch. I was then pushed down on it, in a sitting position. I heard and felt Linda sit on the other end.

"Now, I want you to both relax, ok? Just let the feelings flow."

I felt a little uneasy. This was a bit strange to me. Then, I felt someone untying my shoes. They were pulled off one at a time, then my socks. Then gentle hands and fingers caressed my feet and toes ever so gently. It was different, and at first I resisted the pleasurable sensations, but, after a while the tingling in my spine won me over, and I leaned back, relaxing. The hands then moved up my legs, caressing them through my trousers. I felt my cock start to harden as they massaged me. I then felt the fingers undoing my belt and buttons. I could smell the perfume now; I knew it was Mary. She was undressing me. I helped her pull the trousers down, over my ass and she pulled them over my feet and off. I unbuttoned my shirt, and opened it. There was a pause, and I could hear the rustling in front of me as Mary removed her clothes. 

"I want to see you." I said in a low voice.

"Shhhhh. In do time, lover."

I heard rustling on the other end of the couch, and much movement, but for now, I was concentrating on this woman in front of me. I then felt her hands on my chest, running all over it, her hands making wide circles, wide enough so that her fingers moved down into the waistband of my under-shorts.

"Ooh", she said, "you're shaved."

"Uh huhh" I moaned, feeling the blood rushing to my face, the lust growing inside of me. I felt her hand slide right down into my shorts, and wrap around my hardening cock. I arched my ass up, and pulled them down over my ass, to afford her better access. She pulled them down my legs and off. I then spread my legs wide, my cock in Mary's gentle grip, her hand stroking it up and down slowly. 

It was then that I heard it. The moan. I heard the sound of sucking, and I heard my wife's voice responding to it. 

"What were they doing to her?" I thought.

It was a low, purring, and I had heard it before, so many times. Whatever it was, she was enjoying it immensely. My cock grew to full size at this thought, and I thought I would pass out. This was the hottest I had ever felt in my life. I heard the sound of something on the floor on that end, a small thud, and then the moan of a man. I then felt the gentle touch of a tongue on the end of my cock, as Mary's experienced hands continued to stroke it up and down. Then, her sweet mouth engulfing the head of it, sucking it in, pursing her lips over it. 

I could not think straight. Mary was sucking my cock, slurping it, sending me into oblivion. I rolled my head back, moaning. I started to talk.

"Oh God, Mary. Fuck me! I want to feel your hot pussy around my hard cock."

"Mm, so you want sweet Mary's pussy, huh? What about the fact that your wife is here?"

My cock was so hard now, harder than ever in my life. Mary let go of my cock, and climbed up on the couch, here large breasts in my face. I took one of here hard nipples into my mouth, and sucked it in, as my hands reached around her ample ass, stroking it. My cock head rubbed against her the outside of her pussy, and I arched my hips, trying to penetrate it.

"Ok, Tom. You've earned it."

She reached between her legs, and gripped my cock firmly, placing it at the entrance of her pussy. She then started to work her hips around, as it penetrated her lips. She slowly slid down my stiff member working its way into her warm wetness. Deep inside of her now, she rested there for a moment, not moving.

"Tom, I think your wife is busy over there." She whispered in my ear.

" Would you like to see?"

"YESSSSS!" I stammered, my cock working inside of her.

I felt her fingers at the back of my head, untying the blindfold, and pulling it off. My eyes at first saw stars, but, as they cleared, I saw what was happening on the other end. Chuck was sitting on the couch, his legs spread apart lewdly. Linda was on her knees, sucking his big fat cock, the blindfold still in place. Tony was behind her, completely naked, his face down between her ass cheeks, licking up and down with long strokes, spreading her cheeks with his hands. I could see her literally trembling with passion. Her lips were clamped around Chuck's cock, her cheeks caved in from the suction. She was moaning softly, rotating her hips slowly as Tony's experienced tongue worked. 

I thought that I had never in my life seen anything as hot as that sight. I clamped my hands on Mary's thighs, and lifted her up slightly, sliding my cock out almost all the way, then slowly pulling them back down, all the way to my balls. I started fucking Mary slowly as I watched my hot wife with these two strangers.

Tony raised himself up. It was then that I saw it. He had a huge cock. It must have been nine inches long, and very fat. He stroked it as he looked down at my wife's ass, and I watched as he worked it to full hardness. He then began rubbing it up and down over her pussy, lubricating it with her juices. I could see that she was so wet now. I continued to pump my cock in and out of Mary slowly, my eyes glazed over and glued to my wife's ass. She just continued sucking Chuck's meat, pausing every once in a while to kiss his balls and stroke him. Tony placed his cock at her pussy, and gently pushed his hips in. The huge thing parted her lips, and slowly slid into her. I watched her tremble with painful pleasure as he parted and filled her. She spat Chuck's cock from her mouth, and cried out.

"Oh God! Its so big!"

Tony started to work it in and out, slowly at first. He grasped her thighs for leverage, and slid in and out of her. She took Chuck back into her mouth, and sucked even harder, working her tongue over it, and bouncing here head rhythmically. Suddenly, Chuck moved on the couch, arching his back.

"Oh God, here it comes!"

She pulled him out of her mouth, and stroked him up and down. His cock was a dark shade of storm cloud purple, and the head was swollen and shiny. He started to shoot cum violently, moaning as the jets of semen flew out of him, the globs hitting her mouth, cheeks, and blindfold. She continued stroking him, milking all of it out, her body jerking from the pounding she was getting from behind. She then licked his cock up and down, cleaning the milky fluid and swallowing it. She took his softening cock back into her mouth, and sucked it again.

I was so hot now, seeing my lovely wife getting fucked and cum on before my eyes, my cock buried deep inside another beautiful woman. I worked it in and out, and heard Mary start to moan. She came intensely then, and I felt her juices dripping down my cock and over my balls. I continued to pump in and out of her, and took one of her hard nipples into my mouth, sucking on it as I watched Tony fuck my wife.

He was slamming in and out of her now, his hips slapping against her ass, his cock sliding in and out of her wet pussy with long, gliding strokes. She was practically sobbing for relief, resting her head on Chuck's thighs. I could tell that she had cum many times by now, and was on a completely different plain of pleasure. Tony's cock looked so big as it slid in and out of her, glistening like a piston. He suddenly pulled it out of her, and groaned loudly.

"Oh God.. That's it."

Linda spun around quickly, surprising me with her quickness. She reached up and tore the blindfold from her head, gazing lovingly at this huge, swollen cock that had brought her so much pleasure. She wrapped her hands around it, and started to stroke it up and down, her face right in front of the head. Tony started to cum, and a huge glob of white, thick cum shot out of him, hitting Linda squarely in the face. She opened her mouth, and took the next one right into her mouth. I had never seen her so wanton, so uninhibited, so completely and thoroughly fucked. She pumped all of it out of his huge cock and right down her throat. She then continued to lick and suck him greedily, cleaning him completely.

This was all I could bear. I felt my orgasm building, trembling deep inside of me, working its way to the surface.

"My God, Mary, this is it!"

She raised herself up, my hard cock pulling out of her with a "popping" sound, and jumped down to the floor. She took it in her hands and started to pump it.

"Ohh yes!" I moaned.

Linda saw what was happening, and crawled over to us. She immediately bent her head and popped the head of my cock into her mouth, sucking it hard. I thought I would pass out. I started to cum, so Linda raised her head, freeing it. Mary moved in, her head next to Linda's. I reached down, gripped the shaft, and started to stroke it rapidly. The jism started spurting out, flying in every direction. They both closed their eyes as I pumped out wave after wave of hot fluid onto their lovely faces. I leaned my head back, closed my eyes, and felt the most rapturous release I had ever known. 

Linda and I ended up spending the night with our new friends, fucking and sucking late into the night. In the morning Chuck cooked a wonderful breakfast for everyone. All through the meal laughed and carried on like children. When we were through eating, we gathered our belongings, hugged and kissed our new friends, and left for home. As we were driving, I turned to her, and gave her a knowing smile. She returned it with one of her own, and we both broke into laughter.