 Author's note: This is a slightly revised version of the story, mainly to weed out spelling errors and suchlike. Many thanks to andrea4328 for the proofreading, although the reader should bear in mind that any mistakes that do remain, are entirely my own.

This story has some sequels, some of which are written, some of which are works in progress, but this story should work well enough by itself. Don't hesitate to leave a comment after reading. Enjoy!

***

The night had started off as a house-warming party for Michael and Stephanie's new place. Two years after they had finished college, they finally had the financial stability to move in together. They had rented a nice two-bedroom apartment on the outskirts of town. David suspected that, in time, the second bedroom would become a baby room. For now, they had turned it into a guest room, where David was planning to sleep, as it would probably be too late to travel back home.

Lin was already on the couch, nursing a glass of wine, when David arrived at the apartment. She flashed him a big smile as he walked in and kissed her on the cheek by way of a greeting. Lin was a colleague of Stephanie's at the restaurant, where she worked to pay for college. She had joined Stephanie, Michael and David, at the bar one night after a long shift two years ago, and had quickly become a member of their group of friends. Michael and David had known one another since high school and Ashley had joined the gang during college.

"How are things?" David asked

"Pretty good, considering. I didn't even have to haggle to come tonight. Mei is finally starting to loosen up."

Lin was 21 and single. Even more, she had never even had a boyfriend, and unless something had changed over the last few months, she had never been kissed either, much to her own annoyance. She had been stuck at home until last year, living with a control freak of her mother, who managed to severely limit her social life. She had managed to escape the smothering grasp of her mother only by moving in with her cousin, Mei, but this was not much better. She still had to spend her evenings either at work or at home. Dating was still pretty much impossible, as Mei wanted to know everything, and undoubtedly informed her mother as well. At least she didn't get too much stick when she tried to meet with friends now.

"That's a first, isn't it?" David said, "What time do you have to be home tonight?" he added, teasingly. Lin usually left at around half past ten when they hung out, as she had to be home by eleven, even during weekends. If she was late, Mei texted her mother and she could expect a stern phone call the next day. Usually at 6 a.m., to make sure she went to bed on time from then on.

"Actually, that's the best part. Steph said I could sleep here tonight, so I wouldn't have to go all the way back across town in the middle of the night. I told Mei I'd be staying the night, and after half an hour badgering me about where I was going to sleep, and who else would be coming, she said she was ok with it. She even promised not to tell my mother, unless she was directly asked about it."

"Nice. Did Steph mention I'm staying over as well? She said they had a guest room and I was welcome to use it."

"Yeah, my bag's already in the room. I doubt Mei or my mother would approve, though."

"It's big enough for the both of you," Stephanie said, entering holding a beer, which she handed to David. "Do you want a quick tour of the place, Dave? Michael will be home in about half an hour, we'll eat then. Ashley won't make it until dessert, she had a work thing."

The apartment was basic, but pretty nice. The bathroom had a bath/shower combo, there was a separate toilet, the hallway had a built-in closet that could be used to hang up coats. The living room was quite large for an apartment: there was an eating area large enough to seat eight, and a lounge area with two couches and a comfortable looking armchair, where Lin was watching television with her glass of wine and a bowl of potato chips. The kitchen, unsurprisingly, was phenomenal. Stephanie, as a cook, clearly had wanted this area of the house to be perfect. Apart from the gas stove, there were two ovens, a large counter to use as a work space, and lots of cupboards. There even was a miniature herb garden in some flower pots hanging from the windowsill.

As the final part of the tour, Stephanie showed him the bedrooms. She and Michael slept in the master bedroom, the slightly smaller room had been turned into a guest room: there was the king-sized bed, a single chair and a small coatrack, but no closets or anything that might point towards a more permanent living arrangement. On the left side of the bed, furthest from the door, was Lin's overnight bag.

"So, apparently you get the right side," Stephanie commented, "Hope you're fine with that. Sorry I didn't tell you about the sleeping arrangement, Lin only told me that she would be staying over when she arrived, and by then you were nearly here. I hope you brought pajamas, otherwise things might get awkward tonight."

"No worries. I even brought a bath robe to have cozy Saturday morning breakfast tomorrow. I'm sure you make a killer breakfast in that kitchen of yours."

Stephanie smiled. "Come on, let's go back to the living room. Lin's probably getting lonely over there."

They walked back to the living room. David sat down opposite Lin while Stephanie went down to the kitchen to refill her glass and get some more nibbles.

"It's a nice place they have here," David mentioned to Lin. "It's nice of them to install a guestroom too. I wouldn't have the room for it, I have too much stuff I need to store. I need an extra room just for closets and cupboards."

"Steph told me they have a garage as well, where all the things they rarely need are stored. And you've seen the kitchen, there's plenty of storage room there."

"And we don't have as much crap as you do, Dave," Stephanie added. "So, what have you been up to lately? Any new women in your life?"

Stephanie had been a pretty wild girl before she was with Michael. Now she had settled down, she tried to relive all the thrills of a new love conquest through David and Ashley.

Back in college, she got around. She had been one of the most pined for girls in his year, and certainly one of the most attractive ones. She had "clicked" easily with guys, and she loved sex, as David, had had the pleasure of discovering one night during freshman year.

That night, she, David and Michael had gone out to a bar, and had spent the night drinking. Michael had gone home around midnight, but Stephanie and David had kept drinking for another couple of hours. When he had walked her back to her room (she lived in a private on-campus accommodation), she had kissed him and asked him in.

Her legs were well-shaped, with nice firm calves and slender thighs. For a small, slim girl, she had had a shapely ass as well, protruding slightly but with firm, round buttocks. Her stomach had been very flat, with a navel piercing, which had turned him on tremendously at the time. Her breasts had not been large, maybe a small b-cup, and pert as only the breasts of an eighteen-year-old could be. Her nipples had been sensitive to his touch, contracting to little brown nubs which when he lightly sucked them. Her pussy had been shaven completely, probably to conceal the fact that she was not a natural redhead. David didn't mind a bit of pubic hair, but the sight of Stephanie's bald pussy had excited him so much that he had licked it for at least fifteen minutes, bringing her to orgasm twice before they finally had sex.

When they woke up the following morning, they both agreed that, while it had been fun, it should not interfere with their friendship, and that they would never talk about it with anyone. Stephanie went back to flirting with anything that moved, and David had had a few relationships after, none of them very long.

Stephanie had changed a lot since she had discovered the quieter lifestyle of the committed relationship, though. She had grown closer with Michael, who had always been there for her whenever something was wrong, supported her through a pregnancy scare, and comforted whenever a one night stand she had really liked did not turn into something more. Finally, their close friendship had turned into what Michael confessed he had hoped since high school, a relationship, and Stephanie relished the security and steadiness of a kind and loving boyfriend. At first.

She had confided in David that she missed her more promiscuous days. She was very happy with Michael, but she missed the excitement, the chase, the suspense of coming home with a different guy, the exhilaration of getting to know someone's body for the first time. She had started to live that aspect of her previous life through her friends. Lin didn't have much of a social life outside of their group, but whenever she had the chance, she interrogated David and Ashley about their sex lives, as neither of them had had serious relationships in quite a long time.

"Sorry, Steph. The training schedule has been crazy lately, and between that and work, I don't get out much anymore."

"Oh, come on," Steph protested, "There must be something? You're a guy, you're tall, you're fit, I don't believe that no-one has tried to scoop you up in the last two months. Surely some secretary at work has lured you into the bathroom for a quick bang, or some athlete girl following you home after training for a bit of a post-work-out work-out?"

"Seriously, Steph, not all of us have a life as exciting as your life was the first two years of college. The last time I saw a naked woman, was when the girl's showers were broken and Maggie came to shower in our locker room."

Maggie was a high jumper at the City Athletics Club, and had been one of only five people, and the only girl, to come in on the day of a transportation strike. When it rains, it pours, it turned out, as the boiler for the women's showers had given up over the weekend. Maggie wasn't a shy girl, and had decided to just shower with the guys.

"In a communal shower?" Lin asked. "Wasn't that weird? Weren't you afraid of getting an erection?"

David shrugged. "Not really. I've known her since we were both 10. There's nothing sexual showering in a communal shower when it's just guys. Introducing one girl to the equation doesn't really change anything. Especially not Maggie. I'm not attracted to her at all."

"Not even when she's naked?" Lin asked. She didn't have much experience with guys, but that seemed more to do with lack of opportunity than with reluctance from her part; she had always been interested when Stephanie was badgering David or Ashley with questions about their sex lives.

"She's like a sister to me. Sure, she's a woman, she has a different body, but it's still, you know, Maggie. Fun, slightly dorky, completely asexual Maggie."

"You're such a spoilsport," Stephanie said. "And here I was, imagining you taking her in your arms in the shower, kissing her, caressing her breasts, cupping her butt, fucking her brains out."

"Even if I were attracted to her, there were still three other guys there," David reminded her, "and stuff like that only happens in porn films, Steph. Real life is a lot more boring than that."

"Unless you're Ashley," Lin interjected.

Stephanie laughed. "Unless you're Ashley," she agreed.

While Ashley wasn't as promiscuous as Stephanie had been during college, she didn't seem to mind the more extreme aspects of sex. David knew she had had a threesome with two guys, that one guy she had dated had been into S&M, that she had done a naked photo shoot for one of her boyfriends and made a sex tape with another. He suspected this was only the tip of the iceberg, and that Stephanie knew more than he did, as she had a knack for finding out what happened in other people's bedrooms.

"Have you heard what she's been up to now?" Stephanie asked Lin.

She was interrupted by the sound of keys in the lock.

"That must be Michael. Hi babe, want some wine?"

Michael walked into the living room, smartly dressed in a navy suit and red tie. He was smaller than David, and nowhere near as athletic. He had always been the kind, silent type in their group, but dependable through and through. Not to mention funny. On more than one occasion, Michael had defused a potential fight with some dry remark hinting at the absurdity of the situation. And while he had definitely gained some weight thanks to Stephanie's culinary skills, he was still, objectively, pretty good looking. Piercing blue eyes, short, black hair, 5'11", and a charming smile. If he lost, say, ten pounds and had a more outgoing personality, he would have to swat the girls away like flies.

Michael was carrying his briefcase in one hand, and a bottle of whiskey in the other.

"Yeah, thanks, honey," he said. "Guess what! Gary came into my office today and asked if I would be interested in the position of Analyst. I got promoted!"

"Oh babe, that's great!" Stephanie exclaimed, walking over and first kissing, then hugging him.

"Nice one!" David said, walking over to shake Michael's hand, both in greeting and to congratulate him. At the same time, Lin rose from her seat to give her congratulations as well.

"No more phone calls with angry customers, no more annoying meetings with the sales staff. And I get a 25% increase in pay! I bought a bottle of whiskey to celebrate."

"It's going to have to wait until after dinner, it's just about ready," Steph announced, hurrying back towards the kitchen.

Dinner was an upbeat affair, with everyone having something to be happy about. Stephanie was thrilled to use her new kitchen for the first time for more than just her and Michael, and had made an amazing salmon lasagna. Michael was, of course, over the moon with his new promotion, and was talking to Lin excitedly about his plans to use his extra money to buy a giant TV, which would span the entire wall. Lin was clearly happy to be away from home for a night, with no fear of repercussions. She seemed somebody entirely different, David thought.

It was after nine when David and Lin had cleared the table after dinner and loaded the dishwasher. Meanwhile, Stephanie had taken the chocolate mousse out of the refrigerator and whipped some cream to serve with it. Michael was pouring everyone a glass of the whiskey he had bought when the doorbell rang.

"That'll be Ashley", Stephanie said, "Can you buzz her up, babe?"

Ashley entered the apartment five minutes later, wearing a stunning, figure-hugging blue dress and holding a bottle of vodka. David simply couldn't take his eyes off her. Her slender legs seemed even longer because of the high heels she was wearing. Her ass was well-shaped, and the dress was so tight that David wondered if she was wearing any underwear at all, because he couldn't see any lines marking the shape of panties. He mused she must be wearing one hell of a bra, because her breasts were impossibly perky for their size, and they were pushed together to form some of the most mind-boggling cleavage he had ever seen, even on Ashley.

"Hi guys," she said cheerfully, as always seemingly unaware of her attractiveness. "Stephanie said that I'd be the only one going home tonight, so I thought we'd get plastered and have some fun."

"We were already going to start without you," Lin said. "Michael had a promotion at work today and brought home a bottle of whiskey."

David noticed a sparkle in her eye he had never seen before. Because of judging parents, or more recently her cousin, Lin rarely drank much. Maybe she had decided to take advantage of her total-freedom-for-one-night and cut loose completely, for the first time in her life.

Apparently Ashley had noticed it too, because she said "Well, well, are we going to see an entirely new side of you, Lin, now you don't have to go home early? Or are you drinking yourself some courage, because you'll have to share the bed with a man tonight?"

Lin scowled. "I'm sure David will be a perfect gentleman. And Mike and Steph are only one room over in case he misbehaves," she added, looking pointedly at David, who raised his arms, feigning innocence.

"But you know," she continued, "I've never been drunk before, or done any of that naughty, exciting stuff people do in college when they don't have overprotective parents, so maybe tonight is the perfect opportunity."

"I think you have an overly romantic view of what life is like for 'normal' people in college," Michael said, returning from the kitchen with an extra glass. "I haven't done anything crazier than what you've done: sitting in the bar and having a drink. Although admittedly I could stay up past seven," he chortled.

"Let's have dessert first, before the whipped cream collapses in the heat that radiates from Ashley's outfit," Stephanie said, coming from the kitchen with a tray of chocolate mousse, and noticing the sexy blue dress. "For heaven's sake, Ashley, what kind of "work thing" requires you to dress like this?"

"Some fancy reception with potential clients, my boss thought "an appealing appearance" would help to find new clients."

"Well, you certainly pulled off 'appealing'," Stephanie said, "I'm surprised none of them offered to take you home."

"Well, a few of them tried. Luckily, I didn't even have to lie when I said I had plans tonight. Plans including chocolate," she added, sitting down with her bowl of chocolate mousse and whipped cream. "This is delicious, Steph".

All the others agreed, and there was no conversation for a few minutes as everyone just ate their dessert, and drank the whiskey Michael had poured them. When Michael passed around the bottle for a second glass, Ashley turned to Lin.

"So you haven't played any of the classic college games?"

"No," Lin replied, "I go to class, in the evening I work at the restaurant and occasionally I go out with you guys for drinks. That's it."

"No beer pong? No truth or dare? No spin the bottle? No 'Never have I ever'?"

"Nope," Lin answered, "and I have never even heard of that last one."

"It's basically a truth-telling/drinking combo," Michael said. "You take turns making a statement about something you have either done or not done, using in the wording "Never have I ever...", and everybody who has done it, has to take a shot."

"So if I were to play this game with Ashley..." Lin mused.

"She would get completely wasted," Michael completed her thought.

"Well, so would Stephanie," David said. "She had some pretty wild days before Michael made an honest woman out of her."

"Which are completely in the past," Stephanie emphasized, shooting an angry look at David.

"So," Ashley said, swirling the whiskey round her glass, "do you want to experience the 'wild college days' and play the game?"

"Or do you want to just get drunk as quickly as possible and pass out on the couch, like adults do?" Michael asked.

"Keep in mind," David added, "that some of us will get very drunk very quickly while you might stay unreasonably sober."

"That is, unless you have been lying about all your experiences and you're basically a very discrete slut." Michael said. "So, shall we relive the old times and use this excellent whiskey, and later the probably spectacularly mediocre vodka Ashley saw fit to buy, to play a game which can only end in a drink-addled taxi ride home for Ashley, awkward situations when David and Lin are forced to share the same bed tonight and probably hot drunk monkey sex for Steph and me when Ashley's left and we hope David and Lin are no longer listening?"

There was laughter all around, and they decided to move to the TV-area where they could sit more comfortably. Michael and Stephanie took one couch, David and Ashley sat on the other. Lin, reclaiming her place from before dinner, took the armchair.
