 Author's note: This is about a first-time swinging experience that occurred a few years ago. My husband and I carefully considered our decision to involve others in our bedroom fun, and the resulting eroticism and pleasure of our swapping spouses was a positive, life-altering event. The story is lengthy, and it fully describes our thought process, the partners we chose, and our physical intimacy with them. I hope you enjoy reading it. I will appreciate your comments and email feedback.

*****

I am a happily married woman, and my story describes how my husband and I decided that we would expand our sexual horizon to include swinging. The beginning is very similar to many experiences described by others who have done the same. 

Our journey into the realm of cooperative, pleasurable infidelity progressed along a continuum that began with recognizing the growing staleness of our intimate life and passed through stages of curiosity, fantasy, serious contemplation, decision-making, selection of partners, and fulfillment. Reaching the goal of actually realizing the excitement, eroticism, and raw, sexual pleasure of swinging without ignoring the potentially negative post-event emotional consequences was a lengthy process. In retrospect, I know and understand why for many couples swinging can be very problematic. However, we felt that doing it would be a good decision for us. 

My name is Susie, and I am 36 years old, 5 feet 4 inches tall, weigh 110 pounds, have shoulder-length auburn hair, blue eyes, and 36C breasts. My husband David is 35, 6 feet 2 inches tall, has brown hair, hazel eyes, beautiful muscle tone, and a larger than average (based upon my limited experience) cock. We have two children; girls aged nine and seven, been married for eleven years, and live in Texas, USA. 

When we, like many couples I am sure, realized that our intimacy was pleasurable but not nearly as erotically fulfilling as it once was, we talked casually about how we could re-ignite the sexual excitement we experienced during the early years of our marriage. We had no difficulty talking openly about the growing dullness of our shared intimacy, and we did a fair amount of Internet reading about the situation. What we found provided no quick fixes. Instead, and fortunately, it gave us a framework that supported both meaningful introspection and an effective dialogue between us.

At first, we did not seriously include swinging among the alternatives we thought were a good idea because it seemed extreme. Instead, we decided that fantasy play would be a good place to begin communicating and experimenting with our individual fantasies, with the objective of finding mutual agreement on things that would increase both our appetite for sex and the pleasure we received from it. We decided that erotic stories would be a good starting point for encouraging exploration of a wide range of our individual desires, and then we could mutually agree on specific things to try.

My husband started buying a monthly magazine called Penthouse Letters that contained very erotic and explicit stories of peoples' sexual adventures covering a wide variety of topics that regularly included situations and activities that appealed to one or both of us. As we read the stories, we were very candid in talking about things we had not previously discussed in detail. We found our conversations were both a powerful turn-on, and the first step in developing our fantasy dialogues.

David's favorite story categories included "Chance Encounters," "Role Playing," "Domination," and "Group Sex." My preferred topics were "Submission," "Lesbian Fun," "Group Sex," and "Exhibitionism." When we admitting to each other our interests in these subjects, it did not surprise either of us, because our pillow talk during sex often included some of them, and we both enjoyed talking very dirty about wanting to do them in real life.

We soon started reading the magazine as part of our foreplay, and we took turns letting each other pick the next story. Our talk while reading became increasingly erotic and suggestive regarding interjecting ourselves into each story as either participants or voyeurs. Our sex immediately became more exciting, and our formerly infrequent, uninspiring lovemaking became both regular and passionate.

The eroticism of our fun peaked when we verbalized fantasies about including others in our play, and then describing specific situations. Neither of us was shy about telling the other about doing this or that with whomever. As our dirty talking progressed along with the intensity of our fucking, we shed all our inhibitions and wonderful orgasms resulted. 

We began to anticipate with great excitement our "date nights" and private, intimate time away from the children. We wrote nasty notes, frequently whispered sexual entreaties while in socially proper settings, and made randomly timed, obscene phone calls to each other. When our time to be alone arrived, our lust overwhelmed us and we fucked with the same intensity we had during our courtship and the early years of our marriage. 

We enjoyed role-playing scenarios to enhance the realism of our fantasy play. One of our favorites was me dressing very provocatively, to include revealing undergarments, and going to clubs that maximized the opportunity to be as anonymous as possible while meeting other married couples. We alternated between seducing them and being seduced, but the outcome was always swapping spouses. 

Another favorite was describing my bisexual desires that first blossomed when I was in college. Although I had not been intimate with a woman after my marriage, I often fantasized about it with David's approval. He thought it was highly erotic and in our swinging fantasy, he encouraged me to enjoy myself with the other female. During our foreplay and his initial, slow strokes of his cock inside me, he especially enjoyed me telling him the details of my first lesbian experience, which I will share here. 

I was 19 years old and a sophomore in college, and it included my girlfriend and roommate, Carolyn. We shared a small, one-bedroom, efficiency apartment near the campus so we could get away from the noise and lack of privacy in the school dormitory.

One very cold January night we returned from a fraternity party to find a note on the door saying the heat in the building was off. In order to be warm, we decided to go to bed without undressing. 

We took off our shoes and jumped into bed, but soon realized the bulkiness of our clothes was discomforting while trying to sleep together in the narrow bed. We changed into flannel pajamas, which improved our comfort but left us shivering under the blankets.

Carolyn said, "Spoon me and we will be warmer." I wrapped my body around the back of hers, and I immediately felt both warmer and excited by the feel of her body against mine. I had frequently wondered what lesbian sex would be like, and Carolyn was always my partner when I fantasized about it. She was a petite girl with small breasts and nicely toned arms and legs. My previous fantasies involving her rushed into my head as I had my arms around her and felt her firm ass pressed against my thighs.

Holding Carolyn so closely to my body aroused my sexuality, and I felt the unmistakable tingle of excitement in my tummy and the stiffening of my nipples. We were silent for long minutes before Carolyn said, "Susie, I can feel your nipples poking into my back."

I quickly moved away from her and replied, "I'm sorry. I cannot help myself. It must be the alcohol." 

Without looking at me, she asked, "Are you excited? Do you like what we are doing?" During the pause before I could reply, she added, "I love the feel of your big boobs against me, and I want you to keep holding me."

In only a moment, my mind went through a lengthy thought process, centered on the possibility of this being an opportunity to fulfill with Carolyn my lesbian fantasy. It was probably the liquor I consumed at the party that gave me the courage to again press my body into hers and say, "Yes, I am excited, and I like the feeling very much." 

She pushed her firm ass against me and took my hand in hers and placed it on her breast, saying, "My boob is cold; warm it for me." I did not hesitate to cup her titty, and the sexual awakening between my legs gave me pleasure.

She moved her hand onto mine and gently pressed it against her breast, moving it slowly in a massaging motion. She encouraged me to continue, saying, "That's nice, keep doing it," as she took her hand off mine. I did as she asked, caressing her with my fingers and palm, and I easily felt her nipple becoming stiff. I thought to myself, "She wants this as much as I do. I'm going to go as far with her as she will let me."

I moved my hand to the buttons on her pajama top and undid each of them, giving me access to fondling both of her exposed boobs. She offered no resistance, only uttering, "Mmmm that's nice." I intensified the pressure of my touch as I explored her tits, and purposely tweaked her nipples between my fingers. With my face close to hers, I clearly noticed her breathing becoming heavier.

She reached back and put her hand on my leg, and began gently rubbing it. It was not long before she was stroking a path on the back of my leg, inching closer to my ass. I wanted to encourage her, so I softly kissed her neck and squeezed her nipple. She correctly interpreted it as my willingness to do more.

She turned toward me, put her hand on my cheek, and kissed me softly several times. I felt her tongue on the edge of my lips and I opened my mouth to accept it. The intensity of her kisses increased, and she soon had both hands around my face and her tongue dancing with mine. I was eager for her to lead me down the path of lesbian pleasure, and she did not disappoint me.

She broke our kiss and said, "We'll be warmer if we are naked. Take off your pajamas." It was more of a command than a request, and the thought of submitting to her excited me to a higher level of anticipation. In what seemed like a flash, we were naked and kissing again with her nearly on top of me and grinding the top of her thigh against my pussy, which was then quite wet.

Having this happen in the dark seemed to add much eroticism to what we were doing. It also made it more comfortable for me since I did not have to make eye-contact with her and reveal the awkwardness and uncertainty I was feeling about what I should be doing to appropriately reciprocate her advances. It was very easy for me to submit to her and to let her have her way with me.

She took my breast fully in her hand and firmly caressed it, brought her fingers to my very hard nipple, and squeezed it. I felt a rush of both pain and pleasure flood my mind and body and, from that moment forward, I happily accepted whatever she desired to do to me.

Her fingers were soon exploring my vulva, tracing the outline of both my big and now blossoming little lips. She continued deeply kissing me as I felt her finger slip easily between my soft, wet folds and into my pussy, where no girl had ever touched me before. I responded with a groan and a push of my hips against her hand. I soon felt a second finger penetrate me, and she began to finger fuck me. I ended our kiss because I was gasping for breath. She cradled my head on her arm and whispered into my ear, "Just relax and enjoy it. I want you to cum for me." It did not take long.

The newness and excitement of our sexual act soon overwhelmed me, and I felt my legs begin to shake as my orgasm quickly approached. Carolyn knew I was going to cum, and she increased the intensity of her fingers thrusting into me and rubbed my clit with her thumb. As my orgasm exploded within my body, I lost control, both physically and emotionally, and loudly cried out with pleasure as I slammed my thighs together on her hand, crushed my tits into her chest, and wildly bucked my hips. I was cumming like never before.

When my orgasm faded, Carolyn sensed my nearly painful clitoral sensitivity and withdrew her hand from between my thighs. She moved her body on top of mine, and I felt her hands around my face as she kissed me tenderly, first tracing with her tongue the outline of my lips and then gently pressing it between them to explore my mouth. It was powerfully sensual, and I felt completely satisfied and fulfilled. She lifted her lips from mine and said, "I love you, Susie, now and forever."

I quickly replied, "I love you, too, Carolyn." Our relationship had been elevated to higher planes of consciousness and pleasure, and we were happy.

I returned the finger-banging favor, though far less expertly than Carolyn's effort, and we slept the night in a warm embrace. Our new relationship was wonderful and it lasted until she got married soon after graduation. 

My story had a volcanic affect on David. Throughout my narrative, he increased the pace and depth of his penetrations into me, and he looked into my eyes with a facial expression that was a mix of amazement and lust. About the time I was describing my orgasm on Carolyn's fingers, he began fucking me much harder and breathing with shorter breaths. He soon said, "Oh, babe that was so hot. I'm going to cum!"

He grasped both of my shoulders with his strong hands and his cock pounded my pussy like a jackhammer. I craved feeling him take me very hard, as it reinforced the joy I felt in submitting completely to being his fuck toy. Finally, his passion roared from his mouth in a loud groan, and I felt his seed blast into me in multiple, hard spurts. He was emptying his balls into my vagina with an intensity I had not felt in years. His pleasure rocked his body for an extended time before he exhaled deeply and collapsed onto me. I knew then that expanding our usual sex dialogue to include sharing the details of our desires and experiences was a great idea. 

As he did whenever he finished before me, which was infrequent because he prided himself in believing "his lady always comes first in all things," he expertly ate my pussy until I came. It was doubly intense for me because of his reaction to my story. We had found some of the magic that had been lost for so long.

The passion and fulfillment we enjoyed during sex increased steadily as we became more candid in expressing our sexual desires and more adventuresome in creating fantasies involving one or both of us. The frequency of our sexual activity increased greatly, and we carefully planned maximizing the enjoyment of our private time together. I encouraged David to be sexual toward me at every opportunity, whether it was around the house or, albeit much more discretely, in public. His responses were always eager and exciting, and our erotic games resulted in our fucking each other like horny adolescents. Not surprisingly, our newly found open-mindedness manifested itself in seriously considering making some of our fantasies real.

Over several months, our talk during sex evolved to being more graphic and centered upon involving others in our fun. We came to agree that a threesome would be thrilling, but our uncertainty regarding the mutuality of our pleasure caused us to cool on the idea. Since I am bisexual and David is not, he thought having a single man join us would be awkward for him. Moreover, I feared that a single woman might develop romantic feelings for him. So, we decided being with a respectable, responsible, married couple would offer pleasing opportunities for both of us, especially if the woman was bisexual. Pleasure notwithstanding, we decided that finding partners who would be completely discreet and sexually healthy were our most important concerns. 

I was astonished when David suggested we could watch porn videos involving swingers, and I surprised him when I readily agreed. I rationalized my feelings about it as simply adding a new dimension to our sexuality that we would enjoy privately.

As we read stories and watched videos, our resolve to swap partners with another couple progressed from a serious interest to a strong desire. Talk of enjoying "strange pussy" and "new cock" became both humorous and serious. The next step in the process was finding a suitable couple, and it seemed a daunting task.

We were concerned about the numerous, potential dangers to our reputations, health, and safety, so we decided we should try to find a couple we knew, trusted, and found physically attractive. 

We went down the list of our friends and business associates, and enjoyed including some of them in our fantasy commentaries while fucking. Unfortunately, there was always something about the man or his wife that eliminated each couple from consideration. The solution to our dilemma occurred very unexpectedly.

On a Saturday afternoon when David was mowing the grass in the front yard, our neighbor across the street, Ken, brought him a cold beer. David said they talked about sports and the always scantily dressed woman who lives up the street, and then Ken invited us to his home that evening to have dinner and swim in their pool. I liked the idea because Ken and his wife, Kate, are nice people, close to our age, and very easy to look at. Ken travels often and Kate is a nurse who worked odd hours so we had not had much of an opportunity to become close friends with them. It sounded like a fun evening and I did not have to cook, so we happily accepted their invitation.

The evening was great fun, and we enjoyed good food, stimulating conversation, cocktails, entertaining humor, and a cooling swim after a hot summer day, which especially pleased our daughters. 

David and I took special notice of our hosts. In their mid to late 30s, both looked fit and sexy. Ken was about 6 feet tall, weighed around 180 pounds, and had short, brown hair, green eyes, and a beautiful, engaging smile. His swimsuit was brief and resembled one worn by a competitive swimmer. His manly package was obvious and noticeably significant in size, especially when his suit was wet. I took every discreet opportunity to admire his lean, toned body and muscular arms. I felt aroused as I imagined seeing him naked and feeling his hard cock inside me. 

Katy wore a two-piece suit that was modest but sexy. Her breasts were average in size, her tummy was nice and flat, and her ass was firm and proportionately sized. Her legs were amazing, highlighted by her muscular thighs and calves that were a product of her love for cycling. She was about 5 feet 8 inches tall, weighed approximately 125 pounds, had blond hair that was short but covered her ears, beautiful light blue eyes, and the cute, innocent-looking face of "the girl next door." 

That night in bed, Ken and Kate were the subjects of our swinging fantasy. Perhaps since they were real people whom we knew, we were very explicit and personal in our dirty talk about fucking them. David encouraged me to suck Ken's cock and then let him fuck me in multiple positions. I told him to eat Katy's pussy, put his cock down her throat, and fuck her very hard. Our graphic descriptions of the fun produced incredibly hot sex and body-shaking orgasms. 

The next day we talked about the possibility of swinging with them, agreeing that they seemed like good candidates given our selection criteria, but then concluded they seemed too conservative to consider swapping partners. However, we agreed to become closer friends with them and see what happened.

During the next three months we became more closely acquainted with them, and our time spent together was increasingly comfortable and enjoyable. Moreover, our collective familiarity with each other was very warm and became inclusive of pleasing hugs and kisses on the lips when meeting and saying good-bye. Our conversations were spiced with sexual innuendo and titillating topics such as sex toys, erotic literature, and, yes, swinging. No one made any provocative suggestions during those talks, but it was clear there was plenty of curiosity and sexual tension among all of us.
