 My husband Eric and I get along very well with my girlfriend Georgia and her husband, Tom. We go out with them on average every other week and we have a great time. Eric and Tom get along well despite a professional "rivalry" -- my husband is a firefighter and Tom is a cop -- and I've always gotten along well with my older girlfriend who helped to raise me after our mom had a stroke. She lived down the street and my dad hired her to help out until my mother could manage the house herself. Georgia is such a free spirit you would almost wonder how she was able to look after a lonely 10-year old and an entire house, but she did manage it at the relatively young age of 18. Consequently, I have believed my entire life that my older girlfriend could do anything she set her mind to and I listened to whatever she told me and hung on her every word.

We were supposed to have dinner with Tom and Georgia one Friday evening when my husband got called away to a very large, 5-alarm blaze. I suggested that we re-schedule but my girlfriend and Tom had planned a night on the town for us and wanted my company. I knew what that meant; Georgia was in the mood to play dress up.

My girlfriend is a tall, amazing looking brunette with the legs of a fashion model. She worked as a runway model for a few years before she met Tom and still works as a fashion store consultant and buyer for a large department store chain. She loves to dress up and has a husband that looks great in a suit, so we usually indulge them. This time, they offered to pick up the check as it was just me going with them, so I decided why not just enjoy a night on the town? That's exactly what I did. I put on my swankiest black dress, stockings and heels and hoped that maybe Eric would be able to join us a bit later. I knew it wasn't likely, but I felt like a third wheel for a bit of the evening.

My girlfriend snapped me out of that funk early on. She and I had always gotten along well, despite our age difference. Maybe it's because she had been the protective mother figure for most of my life or maybe it's because we both have a goofy sense of humor or maybe it's because we like similar things. I've always been able to confide in her. We even like the same type of strong, burly man as evidenced in our taste in husbands. Georgia and I like a "man's man" -- not a chauvinist, not by any means, but a man who can make decisions and is all male. That is my Eric and that is her Tom.

Back at their place, we sat around and got into the wine. A lot of wine got flowing and I wasn't all that sober when Tom suggested we watch a movie. As I wouldn't be able to drive for a number of hours, I was quite okay with that. When he put the movie in the player, I was surprised to find after about 5 minutes in that it was an Adult film and a very hardcore one at that.

I hadn't expected that. I'd watched a few with Eric but to be watching one in the same room as my girlfriend and her husband was an odd feeling. I poured myself another glass of wine to keep myself from getting all squirmy. A bit of "liquid courage" and it helped a LOT.

The star of the movie was a young blonde named Taylor and it was apparent that after a few minutes, she was up for anything. The first scene had her with another woman; the (flimsy) plot had her cast as a young woman having multiple affairs while her husband was working in another country. The first scene was with her and a lovely brunette named Angela and it got to me. I'd never had a bi-sexual experience but like any 25-year old these days, I've thought about it. To my surprise, my girlfriend was watching this scene intently and her breathing had become slower and labored. Georgia was really turned on by the girl-girl action. She got down off of the couch where we were sitting and sat at my feet. She slipped off my heels and started giving me a foot rub. Had I been sober, I might have questioned just what my older girlfriend was up to, but I wasn't and it felt so darned good. My girlfriend's husband looked over at me and gave me this odd little smile. Thank God at this point I wasn't sober. What happened that evening would never have happened and I'm not sure if I wouldn't regret that a great deal.

My girlfriend's foot massage started to get a little more -- intimate. She started to rub my feet and caress my toes. It was turning me on and that wasn't right, I knew. This was my girlfriend! When her hand started crawling up my leg, I put a stop to it. "I don't know what you think you're doing, teasing me like this," I hissed through clenched teeth. "But stop it! Your husband is right over there!" 

"I know he is," Georgia giggled drunkenly. "I don't mind if he watches me tease you. I'm a bit of an exhibitionist, why do you think I started modeling in the first place. Am I hurting you in any way?"

"No," I giggled drunkenly also. "You're kind of -- turning me on. Please stop it, it isn't right -- you're my best friend!"

"Chill," Georgia said. "It's just a massage and it's only natural for your body to respond to something that feels good." My girlfriend continued running her hand up my leg. "I love the fact that you wore stockings," she cooed to me. "It shows that you are a sensual person and that you're aware of that."

"Of -- of course I am, I like nice things and feeling good and ... ooo!" I let out a small gasp. My girlfriend's fingertips were touching the gusset of my thong and I was sure that she would be able to see how wet I was and stop. How wrong I was. She moved the tiny piece of lingerie to one side and slid a finger into my pussy. It was like a million volts had gone through my body at that very moment. My very best friend was fingering my pussy and I had to put a stop to it! Yet try as I might, I could barely move. When Georgia took her finger out of my pussy, she licked it clean. "You taste nice," she whispered as she teased me. "I might go further next time but maybe we should watch some more of the movie."

I nodded and turned my attention back to the screen, hoping Tom hadn't seen what my girlfriend had been doing. A fraction of me wanted her to go a bit further because I had been on the verge of climax. My brain was starting to sober up and I couldn't deal with what had just happened sober. I poured another half-glass of wine and watched the action on the screen. Taylor was no longer with her attractive girlfriend. The girlfriend was sitting on a couch that looked identical to the one I was sitting on and she was watching Taylor as she took on two guys. She was bouncing up and down on one cock that was the biggest tool I had ever seen and sucking the dick of the other man. This was the most raw, raunchy porn film that I had ever seen.

"That man has the biggest cock I've ever seen," I gasped out loud. Tom chuckled but my comment didn't seem to faze Georgia in the least.

"I've seen bigger," she commented in a very nonchalant manner that made me believe entirely that she had. I was starting to wonder just how much I knew about my longtime girlfriend. Once I was old enough to look after myself and after our mom was well, she had moved out of our house to be on her own. What had happened to her between then and now? It was obvious that my girlfriend had hidden depths and was a lot naughtier than I had ever imagined.

The movie began really heating up when I saw the bigger man slip his cock into Taylor's ass! I had never done anal and it wasn't even a fantasy of mine. It got even raunchier when the guy she was sucking slid his cock into her cunt and the two men began fucking her in rhythm. I felt my girlfriend's hands run up my leg again and my pussy started to moisten all over again. When she parted my legs, I offered little resistance. This time, it wasn't her fingers that were in my pussy -- it was her tongue. I should have fought her off but I rationalized it all away by thinking that I was too drunk. Bullshit! The very moment she began touching me again sexually, I began to sober up in a hurry. I most certainly could have stopped Georgia but the truth is, I didn't want to. She was making me feel good and I was horny as hell. When my girlfriend started to help me out of my dress, I didn't object. Now I was fully aware of Georgia husband's eyes watching our actions. I wondered through a hazy fog why he wasn't putting a stop to all of this. Now as I reflect back, I wonder what man would do something like that? Two gorgeous women who happen to be best girlfriends -- isn't that what most men want, only to be surpassed by twins ...?

My girlfriend actually made a bigger fuss over the pretty lingerie I wore than my husband usually does. Eric likes it, but it doesn't usually last more than a few minutes. My girlfriend touched me and kissed me while letting me leave it on a while. After a while, through the same hazy fog as earlier, I realized that I was kissing her back. All the while, I am sure Tom was having the voyeuristic pleasure of a lifetime. Georgia was still wearing all of her clothes and my hands were clumsily undressing her. Her lingerie was even nicer than mine and it looked so nice against her skin. She's a bit more tanned than I am, although with my being blonde, my tan shows up better. We kind-of tumbled around on the couch, kissing and fondling each other until I found myself in the same position she had been in earlier, with my head facing her pussy. I guess desire overcame reason because I knew that we had gone this far, what was a bit more. I couldn't get her pregnant and I wasn't doing anything with Tom, he was just watching. I let my face go to my girlfriend's pussy while my hands fondled her tits. I was now having full-on lesbian sex with my dearest friend.

She was sighing and moaning so I guessed that for my first time, I was doing an okay job. I moved up her body so that we could kiss some more and rub our tits together. I rather liked the feeling of that and I liked having Georgia's green eyes looking at me with undisguised lust. I found myself wondering if she had been thinking of me this way for a while or was it just the combination of the wine and the film? I honestly didn't care as we continued to make love for Tom's viewing pleasure.

I didn't notice that things had changed until I looked up. Tom was now as naked as the two of us, save for the fact that we two were still wearing our heels. His cock was out and it made the guy in the movie look small. Georgia's husband had to be packing 9 or 10 inches of manhood. "Suck him, baby girl" my friend groaned. "I'd love to watch that and I know you want to do it."

Okay, I knew this was crossing a line but I wasn't being rational at this point. I had already broken one major taboo, so what were two? I nodded and motioned for Tom to come closer. I had his huge prick in my mouth and had to suppress my gag reflex as I sucked him. I could see the trio in the movie out of the corner of my eyes and they were still fucking. I thought the three of us were having a lot more fun than they were. I hadn't fucked another man in the 5 years I had been married to Eric, although technically, that was still true.

"Is she good, honey?" My girlfriend asked as I was sucking her husband's dick. Tom was moaning and groaning and face-fucking me a bit, but he did manage to grunt out some kind of response. Georgia seemed pleased by that answer and moved around so that she was under me, but near my pussy. When I felt her tongue slither into my cunt, I sucked her husband even harder. I knew what might happen if I kept on sucking him this way, but it didn't matter to me. I wanted his cum in my mouth and when I got it, my girlfriend moved quickly up to share his load with me. I had no idea my girlfriend and her handsome hubby were such perverts, but I was going to learn a lot of things about them that night.

Aside from my heels, I didn't have much on and my body was slippery from fooling around with Georgia. Tom looked at the both of us and before I was able to suggest we didn't go any further, he slid his cock into my girlfriend's pussy and began to fuck her. Georgia returned to eating my pussy and it seemed like she couldn't get enough of me. I was excited as hell, both from the thrill of watching my girlfriend get fucked and from the intense joy she was giving me with her tongue and probing fingers. My head almost snapped back as she made me cum. Orgasms flowed like water and I knew I wouldn't be able to stand up and walk for a little while yet. I was almost totally sober by that point and yet, my body had been weakened by the sexual attacks I had happily endured. My girlfriend's lips met my own as a climax surged through her. I could almost feel it in the way she was kissing me.

For my first threesome, I don't think I could have asked for better partners. I couldn't believe Tom had been able to go from being sucked off right to fucking but Georgia bragged that her husband could go for a few hours without going limp. "He really has remarkable stamina," she groaned and then I saw why she was groaning. To my complete and utter shock, he was emulating a scene in the movie. Tom was fucking Georgia in the ass and she seemed to be really enjoying it!

"Oh, my God!" I gasped out loud. "He's almost as big as a tree branch, doesn't it hurt having something that large up your butt?" I asked her.

"A little bit," Georgia groaned. "But you learn to relax your muscles and darling, a little pain can be fun sometimes. For example, Tommy loves it when I dig my nails into his skin when we're fucking or if my high heels dig into his back when he's on top of me. A little pain mixed with pleasure can remind a person that they're still alive."

I honestly didn't know if I agreed with her at that point as my husband, while being all man, is a very gentle lover. Not Tom, at least not now. He was packing my girlfriend's ass with his big pole and grunting like a dog and she was groaning back. When she came, it was Georgia who sounded like a dog or perhaps, a wolf, with her loud howls. I looked and he still hadn't gone soft. Oh my God, was she married to some kind of fucking machine?!

I guess my girlfriend watched my looking and snuggled close. "You want him, don't you Dayna?" She said to me. "You'd love it if Tom fucked you and made you cum the way he just did me. It's okay with me if you want to fuck him, I think I'd love to see it. You want to fuck her too, don't you Tommy? You want to fuck my sexy young friend with your big, fucking hard prick?"

"I-I'm not sure ..." I managed to sputter out. I wasn't honestly sure if I wanted to cross the finish line into total infidelity. I wondered if Eric had been there, would we have swapped? He finds my girlfriend attractive, most men do. Then, it would have been okay. This was something altogether different and still, I found myself agreeing to it. I had gone too far to turn back, I wanted Tom to screw me and I wanted to know what a big cock like that felt like, just this one time. My girlfriend sat on the couch in front of me while her husband got in behind. She made it clear that if I was eating her cunt, I wouldn't concentrate so much on what Tom was doing and would likely be more able to relax. It made a bit of sense to me and I was certainly as lubricated as I was ever going to be. I felt Tom's strong hands grab my hips and then he was inside of me. I had never felt anything like it and yes, it hurt a bit. He went deeper than any man ever had and at first, I was too tight for him. I decided to heed what Georgia had told me and concentrated on her. Once I started doing that, I loosened up and Tommy did get a nice rhythm going. I was being fucked by the strongest, biggest male that had ever fucked me and it was thrilling. Unfaithful or not, having Tom fuck me like a whore was a blast and I let him know it with grunts, gasps and groans. I came again and I made Georgia cum too before I felt Tom pulling out of me. It was all over and I confess to being disappointed until ...

... I felt him nudge at the back door. I looked around in horror and shook my head frantically. I had never been taken there, I don't think Eric would ever have considered it. As I had stopped licking her pussy, my girlfriend looked up and saw the cause of my distress. "For Christ's sakes, Tom," Georgia sighed to him. "Don't you think you should perhaps ask Dayna first? It took me months to get used to that big pole of yours and even now, it fills me up. Get some fucking lube before you screw my girlfriend there."

I noticed Tom hadn't said much during all of this. "He loses his head during sex," Georgia explained. "You should let him do you Dayna, then you will have had the full experience. He's better at it than any man you'll ever know and you will get to see what I mean about pleasure and pain. I'd love to watch, please, let my husband fuck you up the ass?"

I think I was still just drunk enough to agree and a few minutes later, my girlfriend was underneath my pussy, eating me out while her husband was fucking my ass. It did hurt, it hurt a lot but that did gradually vanish. Both Tom and I were well lubed and I sensed that Georgia was looking out for me, making sure her big-dicked hubby didn't do any major damage. My body felt like it was stretched apart but when he made me cum, Tom finally let his own second load go. We shared it between us before ending up in their hot tub and ending it for the night.

Things have changed and here's why. My girlfriend and Tom confessed to me that they are swingers and had wanted to involve Eric and myself for a while now. I've fucked with them a number of times since and I love screwing Tom and he's had me in every hole I've got. I also found out that the porn film we had watched was shot entirely in their living room and that's how this had all gotten started, the "actors" had stayed behind and screwed them both.

I love having lesbian sex with my girlfriend and anal sex with Tom and this is the problem -- I don't know if I should tell Eric about it. If I do, he might want me to stop and honestly, I don't want that. Yet, I don't want to continue being unfaithful to my husband. Georgia is having lunch with him tomorrow and I'm hoping she can seduce my husband into fucking her at last. If he succumbs, everything will probably work out fine. Wish us all good luck.