 I wanted to share with you my first bi-sexual experience. I was 18 and was babysitting for a local couple, Karen and Jerome. They were both only a little older than me and had had their little boy quite early. Karen was taller than me at about 5'6 and I had always admired her large breasts and firm body. Jerome was a stunningly handsome black man, tall and powerful looking but immensely gentle. They were off out to some work outing that night and were gonna be back real late. 

The thing I most liked about my baby sitting duties was the fact that they had a rather large supply of fairly badly hidden porno videos. Whenever I babysat I'd sneak one of the videos on really quietly, so as not to wake the baby and so I could hear the door if they suddenly came back. There had been the odd close shave and I always worried whether they could smell sex in the air when they got back. Although to be honest part of the thrill was watching their porn and getting off to it in their front room.


That night I was keeping up my usual ritual of watching some porn when suddenly I heard the door opening. I pulled up my panties, then leapt up, quickly switched off the video and took the tape out to replace it. Karen walked back in at that very second. 'Hi', I stammered, praying that she could not see how flushed I was or smell the sex in the air. 'Evening' she replied. She went to go fix a drink. By the time she re-entered the room I had regained my composure. She apologised for being back so early but apparently she hadn't been feeling well and decided to come back early alone. Unfortunately she told me I was going to have to wait for Jerome to get back to get my lift home. Karen offered to get me a drink and I asked her if I could try what she was having. She told me that she was having rum and coke and that I might not like it, I said I'd give it a try. 

We talked for ages and the conversation slowly got round to how college was going. This was a bit of a sore point. I told her that it was going great apart from that there was this boy at school that I really liked but was too nervous to ask out. She laughed and said that there was no need to be shy, that I was gorgeous and that he'd be lucky to have me. I blushed and said she was being too kind. I told her that the reason I was nervous and shy was because I wasn't very experienced with boys and that I was scared that I was a bad kisser and that I'd never had sex – she laughed again. 

Karen said that kissing was easy and that sex would all come naturally to me. I told her that it was worrying me so much I could hardly sleep at night. I asked her if she could give me any tips on how to give a good kiss. She laughed again and said it's not something you can really tell someone it was something she'd have to show me. I gulped, I had always found Karen pretty and had always been intrigued and turned on by the lesbians in Jerome's video collection. The rum was making me feel pretty loose and relaxed by now though and I quickly agreed. 

Karen told me to come over and sit with her. She started kissing me, showing me what to do. She began by biting my lip gently, then kissing my mouth passionately. Then she told me to open my mouth and feel her tongue explore my mouth. Her tongue felt so nice in my mouth and I sensed myself getting wetter down below. I felt my pussy tingle and I grabbed her and I started kissing back. My tongue exploring her mouth hungrily as our tongues lashed each other. 

She told me that at this point the boy will want to put his hand up my top and I ask her to show me what it was like. She removed my shirt and freed my pert little breasts from my bra. Her hands felt so good stroking my tits, her fingers gently caressing my nipples. I felt her hot breath on my breasts before she kissed them, her tongue circling my swelling nipples. My pussy was starting to get slick as she gently bit my nipples, first one then another. 

At that moment I felt her hands on the inside of my thighs. She started running her fingers up the inside of my thigh and I realised that the crotch of my panties was damp with excitement. Suddenly her hand was there on my pussy, stroking me through my panties, her fingers massaging my swelling clit as she continued to lick and kiss my breasts and proudly swollen nipples. 

She told me that it is about now that the boy would try and remove my panties and I told her that I would want him too. As encouragement I arched my back so that she could peel my panties off of my sticky pussy. She asked whether I wanted to know what it would be like when he licks my pussy. I gasped out a positive reply and felt my pussy trembling as she slowly lowered herself between my legs. 

The feel of her hot breath on my pussy and on my light downy pubes drove me wild. She rested for a while obviously soaking up the look and sweet smell of my untouched pussy. She seemed to stay there transfixed for ages, looking at me before I experienced the electric, but relieving touch of her tongue. She flicked it over my clit, which stiffened immediately, before she started lapping gently at my pussy. I shut my eyes so as to focus on the loving attention she was paying my pussy. I felt her tongue enter me, exploring each fold of my pussy, snaking up inside me. 

My pussy was dripping by this time and she was lovingly lapping up every last drop of my juice. She started to thrust her tongue in and out of my tight little pussy like a cock and before long I felt her slide a couple of fingers into me, replacing her tongue with them. I moaned deeply, so turned on I want to hold on but I soon felt my orgasm rising and my hot pussy gushing into her willing and waiting mouth. 

I lay back wrapped in bliss, Karen still between my legs catching her breath when suddenly Jerome walked in. In all the excitement I had forgotten that he would be back. I froze, petrified like a rabbit caught in headlights, but Karen spoke quickly unflustered. 'Hi Jerome', she said, 'Charlotte is nervous about having sex with this boy at college so I thought I'd help her out and show her what it is like'. 

I expected Jerome to be mad but he seemed totally calm and relaxed and just said 'sure'. Karen quickly explained that Jerome didn't mind her doing this sort of thing and that in fact it really turned him on. Karen then turned to Jerome and said: 'In fact you are back just in time for lesson number two......' 

Karen quickly ordered Jerome to come over to her. I was momentarily shocked as she swiftly took his cock out of his pants and started to lick up and down his shaft showing me exactly how to suck cock. 'This is lesson two' she told me, 'how to handle a real cock'. I was flustered but extremely excited at the same time, especially as she looked so hot and so horny as she slowly slid her hands around his shiny cock, his head glistening with her saliva. 

She took his thick cock deep into her mouth whilst slowly stroking his balls and wanking his cock into her hungry mouth. Jerome was groaning, obviously loving the attentions of his beautiful wife. She began to bob her head down on his cock swallowing him deeper and deeper – looking directly into my eyes as she did so making sure I was watching the technique. 'Ok she said suddenly now it's your turn'. 

This was the moment I was both dreading and anticipating. I took his hot thick cock in my hand and felt it throbbing and pulsating. I gave it an exploratory lick tasting Jerome's salty pre-come and then curled my mouth round the top of his beautiful black cock, holding Jerome in my mouth and flicking my tongue around tip of his penis. He moaned excitedly and I knew I was doing something right. 

Karen started talking to me, giving instructions, telling me where and when to lick, to relax as I took the cock to the back of my throat. She told me to start wanking Jerome into my mouth and to just flick the tip of his cock with my tongue. She told me that I was looking so sexy, that I was a gorgeous and that watching me suck her husbands cock like a slut was turning her on. I saw her hand disappear inside her panties and I watched enthralled as she began to stroke her pussy in front of me. It was at that point I felt me pussy get strangely wet and I realised right then that I needed to taste her the same way that she had tasted me. 

I told Karen that I needed to taste her. She sat back on the sofa and hitched up her skirt immediately revealing her lack of panties and beautifully shaved pussy. I had never seen a totally shaved pussy before even on Jerome's porno's. It looked so sexy and sweet and clean. I felt myself blush but before I had time to think Karen was pulling me down on all fours and towards her opening pussy. 

I kissed gently at first, planting my lips on her soft pussy lips. She tasted sweet and musky, so different to Jerome's cock. I started to explore, licking her clit then blowing gently on it to watch it stiffen. I lapped at her pussy enjoying the softness and the sweet sensuous taste. 

It was then that I became aware of Jerome again. I felt his hot breath on my ass and felt him blaze a trail of hot kisses over my ass. Before long I was feeling Jerome's tongue exploring my pussy and tight tight ass. It felt amazing, especially when his tongue was in my hot ass and it made me more and more horny for Karen. 

She tasted so good I was licking her like crazy, my tongue exploring every nook and fold of her pussy. I ran my tongue over her stiff little clit feeling it pulse and swell to my touch. I bit ever so gently making her squeal so sexily. I eased first one then another finger into her slick tight pussy, stretching her as Jerome continued to lick my pussy, his tongue now deep in my wet and willing hole. 

Karen then asked if I wanted to feel what having a cock in my pussy would be like and I told her I would love too. With hardly a seconds hesitation I felt Jerome place his cock at the entrance of my wet pussy. My pussy was dripping already from their loving attention and although it was tight his cock slid straight into me – so deep I felt like I would faint. 

I moaned deeply into Karen's pussy and it quivered to my touch. Jerome's cock felt amazing and I soon lost the ability to concentrate on Karen's pussy, she didn't seem to mind though as she was obviously enjoying seeing her husband cram his huge cock deep into my virgin pussy. He felt so huge inside me but his technique was so gentle. I could feel him sliding his cock slowly but very deeply into my pussy and my slickness dribbling down my thighs as he thrust into me. He was really starting to press into me and soon I could feel his balls pressed against me as he fucked my pussy deep and hard. I was flushed by now, overcome by the intensity of his huge cock inside me. 

I hadn't noticed her leave, I was so excited, but it was now that I realised that Karen had just come back into the room. With her was a special treat, a thick clear plastic dildo which I suddenly realised was double ended. She asked if I'd like to fuck her with it and I almost came right there and then. 

She began to smear the head of the cock with some lube and it glistened sexily and invitingly in the dimmed light. She pressed me back onto the floor and after a couple of exploratory licks of my pussy pushed the head of the cock into my snatch, which was already gaping from Jerome's attentions. 

The lube was completely unnecessary and she soon set about lubricating the other end of the rubber cock with my dripping pussy juice. She lay back opposite me, intertwined her legs in mine before easing the tip of the cock into her waiting pussy. The thought of this made me so wet – my pussy juice being rammed into her cunt with this thick cock. The feeling was amazing as we thrust and groaned, each of our movements causing an opposite amount of pleasure in each other ones pussy. 

Before long our pussies had almost swallowed the whole thing and we began grinding together, rubbing our pussies against each other. I knew I couldn't last much longer and not wanting to leave Jerome out I motioned for him to come over and kneel beside me so that I could lick his cock as he wanked it. 

Soon I was groaning deeply as Karen stroked my clit as we fucked and grinded on that rubber cock. I began to do the same, rubbing and gently pinching her clit, copying her technique and style. I could feel my orgasm coming again and as Karen's orgasm took over, her groaning caused me to suddenly gush all over that thick rubber cock. My tongue was still flicking out over the tip of Jerome's cock and the excitement of the moment took him as he shot thick wads of sticky sperm over and into my hungry mouth. 

After that we all collapsed in a heap. After a little while we continued the evening, drinking some more and exploring each others bodies further. Later they asked me whether I might like come back and babysit for them again – I couldn't say yes quick enough.

But that story can wait for another day...