 I hadn't seen Steve for two years since I had moved away. Honestly I felt a little nervous as I parked my car in is his driveway. It was a clear sky with a full moon lighting up the night. Would the connection we once had still be there? I knew it was for me, but I wasn't sure about him. We had shared some hot steaming fuck fests in the past and I was hoping to pick up where we left off.

As I sat in my car contemplating my next move, and thinking about Steve fucking me, I realized my nipples were getting hard, creating a glow of heat traveling the length of my body right down to my pussy. Glancing quickly around, no one was in sight so I reached up under my t-shirt to tweak and roll my nipples. My pussy got wet immediately. I was beginning to breath faster as my fingers played across my nipples through my white lace bra. Looking around, I was still alone so I quickly slipped my finger under my shorts to find my throbbing clit through my underwear. My head laid back on the car seat I got lost in the moment as I played with my clit. It was a few seconds later when a gentle knock on the window brought me back to reality. There was Steve standing next to my car with a huge shit eating grin on his face and a rock hard dick pushing out from his shorts.

"Hey Baby", he said as he opened the door, "need some help with that?" He didn't wait for an answer but quickly pulled my t-shirt up to expose my breasts. Pushing my bra down, he exposed one breast to the cool night air. He bent his head down to nibble and suck on one, while gabbing my other breast pinning me to the car seat. Moaning, I started squirm. I tried to reach down to touch my wet pussy, when Steve quickly grabbed my wrist to keep me away. Fuck he was driving me crazy. When he let go of my wrist I reached over and put it down the front of his shorts, wrapping my hand around his rock hard throbbing cock. Then as suddenly as he started, he stopped and tells me his has company visiting. Helping me straighten my clothes, he gently guided me out of the car and into his house. I could barely walk, every part of my body wanted Steve and wanted him now. 

Walking into the house I saw a blonde, blue eyed, petite woman with big full tits, wearing a short sun dress and showing a lot of cleavage. She was standing at the window, holding a drink in one hand while she was rubbing her nipples with her other hand. I went beet red because I knew she had seen everything that happened in my car. Steve introduced me to Janet, a friend he had recently met. Putting her drink down, Janet crossed the room to greet me. 

Steve disappeared into the kitchen to fix a drink for me while Janet and I sat down on the couch and started talking. She told me that watching me in the car with Steve had made her very horny. I could see her nipples straining against the fabric of her dress. Janet saw me staring and began to smile. Reaching down she gently took my hands and placed them on her breasts. Shocked but I couldn't stop myself I began playing with her nipples through the fabric. I felt like I might explode, I had never touched another woman before, though it was a long time fantasy of mine to make love to another woman with Steve there.

Leaning forward, Janet pressed her soft lips against mine. Tentative at first we kissed slowly, then more deeply and before long I had completely forgotten everything except this incredibly hot experience. Our hands were touching, feeling, and stroking each other's bodies. Janet reached down and pulled my t-shirt over my head, my bra, shorts, and pink lace underwear quickly followed. The nipples of my 36D breasts were hard as pebbles and my wet cunt was throbbing as I returned the favor by helping her slide out of her sun dress. 

Janet had lovely large breasts too, with pink rose bud nipples thrusting out at me. As soon as her dress was off I leaned forward to take her nipples in my mouth, I couldn't help myself, I had to suck on them. Going back and forth between the two nipples, Janet began to moan. She reached down to touch her clit when Steve suddenly appeared before us, stopping her hand. He let go of Janet's hand and slid his hands slowly up my thighs, spreading my legs apart. Steve then placed Janet's fingers against my soaking wet cunt while he pulled and tweaked my nipples. I thought I was going to cum right then. I turned to Steve. His turn now, and I quickly stripped him of his shorts. 

As Steve stood before us, Janet and I began licking and sucking his hard cock at the same time. Our tongues would touch, making it even hotter. Janet's hand was still playing with my cunt when she suddenly placed two fingers inside. Moaning I took all of Steve's cock in my mouth while Janet continued to lick him at the same time. Reaching my hand down, I started pulling gently on Janet's sensitive nub, causing her to push her hips against my hand. My cunt was dripping wet, and Steve knew it. I needed to be fucked.

As Steve thrust his hard cock in our faces, he couldn't take his eyes off of our lips and tongues playing over and over his hard dick. Janet and I changed places on his dick, she took all of his cock in her mouth sucking him close to cumming. I took Steve's balls gently in my mouth sucking one and then the other. He couldn't take much more without blowing his wad in Janet's mouth. "Not yet" he said as he slowly removed Janet's lips from his cock. Reaching down he pulled us both to our feet and walked us into his bedroom. 

Once in the room he threw me onto the bed and spread my legs wide open. My shaven pussy was swollen and red. The juices were running down my legs, I was so wet. Janet didn't need to be told what to do, she immediately bent her soft mouth down to my clit and started playing it with her tongue. I couldn't hold still, my hips were thrusting up to meet Janet's tongue. At the same time Steve began to tweak and roll my nipples between with one hand while stroking himself with his other hand.

I didn't know how much longer I could hold out. I told Steve to put is cock in my mouth and he gladly obliged. At first I only took the head of his cock in, flicking my tongue over and over around the rim and gently massaging his balls. Then I took all of him, and when I tasted his precum I slid his cock in and out of my mouth sucking him long and hard. All the while, Janet was fucking me with her tongue, lapping up my sweet juices. Steve knew I was on the brink of exploding when he pulled Janet away from me and rolled me over onto my stomach entering from behind every so slightly. He was teasing me with his cock. By now I was begging Steve to fuck me, I needed release. He didn't say anything just continued to tease me with the head of his swollen cock.

Not wanting to be left out, Janet moved over in front of me and lay on her back spreading her legs to expose her pussy. Her soft pink folds were glistening wet from her juices. I had to taste her. I put my hands under Janet's ass and pulled her over to my mouth. I started first by softly licking her lips. Then I traced a line up to her clit exposing her nub and I started sucking on it. Steve watched everything as he continued fucking me from behind. Janet's hips were thrusting up to my mouth as I started fucking her with my tongue. Steve reached around to play with my clit until I couldn't stand it any longer and I exploded onto his dick. Wave after wave of my orgasm made me want to scream.

I knew Steve still hadn't cum yet, and neither had Janet. Pulling away from his throbbing cock I turned Janet over and spread her butt cheeks apart for him. Needing no further help Steve slowly slid his dick, dripping wet from my juices, into her ass. I started to finger fuck Janet's cunt as Steve fucked her in the ass. I reached my other hand down to my pussy and fucked myself until I came a second time. Steve shot his wad just as Janet arched against my hand, her orgasm tightening around my fingers.

All three of us collapsed onto the bed, my nipples and pussy were throbbing, yet I still wanted more and Janet wasn't finished either.