 They went out for a casual dinner trying a new restaurant that their friends had recommended. Chris was wearing her jeans skirt and a dark satin blouse. She wore a necklace that hung so that it was just above her exposed cleavage, drawing even more attention to that area than usual. Her top two buttons were left open to accentuate the valley between her breasts. Mark had allowed Cathy to choose his attire, so he was sporting a black shirt, also with the top button undone, just the way Cathy liked it. He had jeans on, because Cathy liked men in blue jeans. Surprisingly, the restaurant was fairly empty. A few other couples were there and nobody seemed in a hurry. The hostess seated them and the present Mark had just bought for Cathy was set on the table so they would not lose it. 

"Hi, I'm Jennifer, I'll be your server today" The woman in front of them looked to be late 30's or early 40's. She was blond and medium height and build. She wore a scoop neck top that revealed just a teasing view of her ownbreasts,and just like Cathy had a mid-thigh length denim skirt. Mark took in as much as he dared before reverting to gentlemanly behavior and concentrating on keeping eye contact while ordering the drinks. 

"She's cute" Cathy whispered. 

"Yeah she is" replied Mark trying to sound nonchalant as if he had not paid much attention. "I only have eyes for you, and your beautiful eyes, smile and that sexy neckline" 

"Aw, thank you honey. I am glad you appreciate me, I try to look nice for you." 

"I always like the way you look" Mark replied, stealing a glance at Cathy's breasts, not bothering to hide his pleasure. 

Just then Jennifer returned with their beers and placed them on the table, perhaps bending over a bit more than necessary. This allowed her top to fall away from her breasts and gave them both a peak at the curves and smooth skin underneath. "Can I take your order now?" 

They chose their meals and Jennifer left for the kitchen. It had been a couple months apart and there was a lot of catching up to do, so Mark and Cathy talked about plans for the future and finally living in the same house again as soon as possible. Their food came and they ate slowly as the conversation never lagged.

Jennifer stopped by to ask how the food was and inquired what they had bought in the package on the table top. 

"Oh, it is a necklace I just had to have from the art show that is in town" Cathy beamed. "Would you like to see it?" 

"I'd love to, if you don't mind" 

"Not at all. Here look and try it on" offered Cathy. 

"It's gorgeous" Jen put it on "How does it look?" 

"Very nice" they said in unison. Dammit Mark thought, why is she leaning over to show me that neckline, uh necklace? 

"Here, before I steal it" quipped Jen as she took it off. 

The two women started talking about life, men, and hobbies. Apparently Jen only had this one table to tend to at the moment and she was content to stay and talk a while. 

Mark excused himself to relieve his bladder. When he came back he found the two ladies had me plans to have Jen come over to have dessert and drinks and a movie after her shift was over. 

He was secretly a little nonplussed as he had been looking forward to a night of just the two of them, spending it naked, and he had been looking forward to being buried deep in Chris. Upon arrival last night she was exhausted and they had both needed sleep more than sex. However the die was cast and he wasn't going to be rude, so he decided he'd enjoy the company and then jump Cathy's bones after Jen left. 

At home Mark cuddled Cathy from behind, cupping her breasts, nuzzling her neck and squeezing her ass every chance he got. He was pretty sure he didn't have to, but he took a Cialis just to be sure there would be no problems. Cathy wanted the hot tub ready so Mark went out to be sure the water level was good and the temp was right. The doorbell rang and he answered it to let Jen inside. She had changed into a sundress with a v-neck that was going to make him really concentrate on the eye contact thing. He was pretty sure she was now braless by the gentle movement of her breasts as she walked. 

Then Cathy came down the stairs and it was obvious she had removed her bra as her breasts swayed and her nipples were erect under the satin material. Shouldn't complain he was thinking. 

Cathy had made her favorite peach sangria and they all sat on the deck and talked about family, jobs, and sports. Cathy jumped up and declared she was ready for the hot tub and suggested everyone join her. 

"Oh, I didn't bring a suit. So I'll just enjoy the sangria and sit at the table so I can talk to you." 

"We prohibit clothes in the tub unless kids are around, so you don't have any excuses, right honey?" 

Mark looked at Cathy like she was loony. "Ummm, well..." 

Cathy already had her shirt and skirt off, and holy shit, she wasn't wearing any panties either! 

"Are you sure? I mean your husband is here, and..." 

"Like I told you at the restaurant, we have talked about going to a nudist resort, so naked bodies don't offend us, and I am sure yours won't offend Mark in the least" Another look from Mark to Cathy. 

"Mark?" Jen asked 

Talk about being in a tough spot. What could he say? "It's ok with me" All the while thinking about what he was supposed to do with himself. He already was horny as hell wanting Cathy plus she was naked, and now there was going to be another nude attractive woman in his hot tub. His cock was already getting chubby, this would be humiliating to have no control in front of a woman they barely knew. 

"Ok" and with that she removed the sundress and surprise, no underwear for her either! Her breasts were very similar to Cathy's and she sported a trimmed bush while Cathy was fully shaved. 

"C'mon Mark, you too", Cathy cooed. 

Well it wasn't like he'd never gotten naked in front of other women before. They had fucked in the same bed with another couple and also at a swing party in the past. Off came his clothes, his cock half erect and all he could do was get in the tub and hope no one said anything. All three got comfortable quickly and Mstk relaxed. They talked and Cathy cuddled Mark without any overt sexual moves. The conversation eventually turned to sex (what a surprise) and it turned out both girls had a past with women, even if only casually. Cathy, ever the bold one stood up, went over to Jen and sensually kissed her face, neck and finally her mouth. Jen's eyes were closed and she obviously was enjoying this, she responded, seeming to forget the male observer a few feet away. Hands were straying to breasts and holding each others faces for deeper kisses. Breaths were becoming shorter and faster. "Let's all go up to our king sized bed" said Cathy. The women stood and Mark saw their nipples erect, and watched as they stepped up and over the edge of the spa, their thighs parted to reveal pussy lips that sure looked delicious. He followed them up the stairs (what a view, two asses, pussies gleaming, creamy thighs). 

"You know, I've been kind of hoping to find a couple like the two of you who were confident and sexually adventurous." 

"We've talked a lot about having another couple or woman join us. It's not that we need another, we just want to expand our sex lives and have fun doing it. When we were talking at the restaurant I just sensed that you would be receptive to the idea. I know we're all going to have a fantastic night" Cathy was smiling like the cat that ate the canary. The women were standing so close their nipples were almost touching. Cathy reached out first, grabbing Jen's ass and pulling her in so they could kiss. Mark watched as their breasts pressed together, and seemingly without thinking, each moved a thigh between the others' 

legs. After what seemed like forever, their lips separated, and they looked over at Mark with glassy eyes that said come join us. Always the gentleman, he did not want to intrude unless invited, but that look in their eyes told him it was safe to approach. The sight of two women grinding against each other had caused him to grow fully erect. They both looked down at his cock and said in unison, "You enjoyed that didn't you?" 

"You two look beautiful." They opened their arms to have a group hug that quickly turned into each one kissing him deeply, Cathy gripping his cock and Jen cupping his balls. When they finally came up for air, Mark gently urged Cathy onto her back on the soft bed. He leaned over her, kissing her neck (always a winner for her) and using his hand to part her thighs. He looked back at Jen "Come on and join us, would you like to have a taste of this?" 

"Oh yes" and Jen knelt between her thighs and began to slowly kiss her legs starting at the knee and traveling up, then sliding her tongue past the folds of Cathy's pussy and back down the other leg. Cathy moaned at the teasing, obviously enjoying it and at the same time, eager for someone's mouth to find her sex and pleasure her. She moved higher onto the bed, Jen followed. Her mouth soon found Cathy's pussy, it was already dripping and her lips swollen. 

The warmth of Jen's mouth on her wet folds and the hard clitoris made her moan as she grabbed Jen's hair and pulled her tighter against her steaming cunt. She expertly licked the swollen labia and sucked the turgid clitoris, making Cathy breathe faster and let out little whimpers of pleasure. Jen's ass was up in the air and she had her legs spread. Mark wasn't sure if that was to help her position herself for better comfort while eating C's pussy, or to give Mark access to her own sex. He caressed her cheeks and moved closer, his cock centered between her thighs. Jen moaned and pressed back against him, inviting him to enter her. The feel of her wet pussy pushing onto him was too much to resist. He positioned the tip of his penis at her entrance and slowly edged into her, feeling his cock slide past her lips into her warm pussy. Jen moaned again, obviously enjoying being penetrated, and the vibrations of her sounds sent new sensations through C's clit causing her to grab Jen's hair pulling her tighter into her own sex. Mark began to thrust slowly and deeply, pulling out and re-entering her over and over. Each new thrust sent shivers up Jen's spine, causing her to push her mouth deeper into C's cunt. Cathy knew what was happening and could watch in the mirror on the wall. This just excited her more and she began to feel herself building up toward a mammoth release. Mark knew the signs of her impending orgasm and maintained his pace, not wanting to disturb her pleasure. Jen seemed to sense it too as she sucked on C's clit, moaning every time Mark's penis went deep. In what seemed like just a few minutes, Cathy's thighs began to spasm, closing around Jen's head, and she let out a primal scream of pure ecstasy as she came. Jen had never felt a woman come so hard while her face was buried in a pussy, she loved it. Mark was more aroused than ever, and began to fuck J's cunt harder and faster. His cock was hitting Jen's g-spot and she wrapped her arms around Cathy's thighs just to have something to hold onto. She had only rarely come while being fucked from the rear, but she knew this was going to be one of the times. Her breasts were being crushed and rubbed against Cathy's thighs and she reached between her legs to play with her clitoris. 

Mark had to slow his movements to avoid coming before her. He began to make several shallow thrusts followed by a quick hard deep penetration. This gave Jen the stimulation she needed while affording him the ability to delay his own orgasm. Jen and Cathy were staring into each others' eyes, making a connection of two women in lust with each other while having the excitement of Cathy's mate fucking Jen and knowing he was going to make her come very soon. 

When she came, Jen's body rose from the bed and her cry of pleasure echoed throughout the house. Pushing back against Mark he could feel her vaginal walls grip his penis as spasms rocked her body. This was all he could stand, his thrusts became hard, almost violent as he slammed into Jen needing to find release for all the tension he had built up. He came with a loud groan, his cock pulsing, his cum filling her pussy, his balls slapping hard against her. 

The three of them were still for a few moments, catching their collective breaths their bodies relaxing after their orgasms. Mark's cock slowly softened, sliding out of Jen's cunt, covered with her wetness mixed with the pearly white semen he had just deposited into her. His cum began to drip down her thighs. 

Jen crawled up next to Cathy, kissed her deeply her hand cupping one of her breasts and whispered into her ear, "That was fucking great, also great fucking, you are one lucky couple. Is it always this good with the two of you?" 

"Well, maybe not always this intense, but he makes me come almost every time. You haven't even had him go down on you yet, just wait til we've all recovered, you'll be in for a real treat." 

"I can't wait" 

Mark finally came up next to Cathy, placed his hand on her pussy, lightly caressing her lips, not to ignite her passion, but just in an "I love you" gesture. His cock now flaccid, she held him gently, kissed him, smiled, and closed her eyes. 

"I suggest we take a nap, then we'll get some midnight munchies before round two. Sound good?" Cathy was always planning ahead. 

A simultaneous and very satisfied, MMMMMMMMMMMM from both Mick and Jen indicated agreement. They laid back, naked bodies stretched out, the scent of female arousal mixed with his cum filled their senses as they drifted off to sleep.