 It's seems like it's been a week and a half already, until, at last Friday arrives. Steve and I are headed up to his cabin. He called me earlier in the week and asked me if I would join him for a getaway, he didn't have to ask me twice. 

Floating on air all week, I could be found staring off into space with a tiny smile curving my lips gently upwards. Because after having my first threesome with he and Janet last week, I could not stop the erotic pictures of the three of us from creeping into my brain, making it impossible for me to concentrate on anything else. Steve arouses me like no other man, he is yummy from head to toe. He is sexually charged and sensual, you can see it in his walk, his laugh, and his looks. He is a man's man and everyone likes him. He has dark curly hair, rich blue eyes and a deep voice that resonates across my body when he speaks. 

It's going to be a long drive to the cabin, but worth it. The cabin is peaceful and secluded, not a soul around for miles. Surrounded by towering pine trees it sits at the top of a small incline, overlooking a sapphire blue lake sparkling below like a jewel in the sunlight. As the miles flash by, I keep thinking of the weekend at the cabin. Hmm why not start it right now, is what I am thinking. Steve is listening to a sports talk show on the radio and is not paying any attention to me. Leaning back in my seat, I close my eyes and let the rhythmic motion of the truck relax me. I can feel the deep vibrations from the truck engine playing with my clit. My hand reaches up under my t-shirt and I start rubbing my nipples until they stand out eager for more.

The radio is now silent and I open my eyes to see Steve smiling at me. I know he loves my breasts so I quickly shed my t-shirt. The cool air of the air conditioner feels erotic blowing against my nipples. He reaches over and brushes the back of his knuckle against one nipple and watches it grow and harden. His touch makes me melt. Steve tells me "don't stop there, sweet thing" and I slowly lower my jeans and panties to expose my pussy.

Steve asks me if I am wet. I don't answer, I smile mischievously and move my hand over my mound, sliding one finger into my cunt bringing it out slowly to reveal how wet I am. Not wanting to waste it, I lean over putting my finger up to Steve's lips. He takes it into his mouth, and sucks it clean.

The threesome we enjoyed last weekend has been on his mind as well. He asks me "do you think Janet has nice tits?"

"Oh yes" I reply, as the fingers of my one hand dance lightly across my nipples, while the finger of my other hand disappears into my pussy.

"Would you let her suck on your nipples again?"

"Of course I would" I answer, as I slide my finger in and out of my wet pussy while my thumb plays ring around the rosie with my clit.

"I want to thrust my dick into you while Janet sucks on your nipples, and watch how you arch your breasts up to meet her lips" he tells me. 

Hmmm that was it. I reach over and unzip his pants pulling his dick free.

"I can see that you, like the idea" I whisper quietly as I stroke his hard cock with one hand, and rub myself with my other hand. 

Bringing my hand up from my cunt, I smear my wet pussy juice all over his cock and lean over to clean it off. I take his shaft into my mouth and suck every bit of my juice off, making sure to lick it clean.

Luckily for us there are no other drivers on the road because Steve's truck is now moving at a much slower pace. I lean back again in my seat, my legs spread apart, my jeans around my ankles and proceed to get more of my sweet nectar to put on Steve's cock once more. This time I lick every bit of his exposed skin, and then take him deep into my throat. Steve reaches down to rub my breasts and nipples. My other hand is busy playing with my clit and pussy. 

The sweet aroma of sex floats throughout the cab of the truck. I begin to suck harder on Steve's cock as I grew near my orgasm. I stop my ministrations on his hard shaft to cry out as I cum, my entire body shuddering in pure delight. It is too much for Steve and I feel rope after rope of cum hitting my face as I continue to stroke him with my hand. One on my check, and more on my forehead. I could feel his cum beginning to run down my face as I put my mouth back on his cock to capture the last remaining bit.

I slowly and softly lick his cock clean again, gently all around the head, making sure not to miss anything. After cleaning him up I lean back in my chair. Wiping his cum off my face, I bring my hand to my lips, sucking it clean too. 

"We're here" he announces as the truck slows to a stop. I didn't even notice we had arrived. Slipping my t-shirt over my head and quickly pulling up my jeans, I open the door and step outside. The air is crisp and clean with the smell of pine. Once inside the cabin we decide it is time for some sleep after the long drive. We unload the truck and head off for bed. Taking off our clothes we crash next to each other, naked and spooning, with his semi hard cock resting between my ass I fall asleep with a smile on my face. 

Steve wakes up the next morning to find I am already up and about. He smells the rich aroma of fresh brewed coffee and follows it to the back deck. There is a gentle breeze dancing through the pine trees and the sun is trying to work it's way to the forest floor below. Then to his utter amazement he sees Janet and I standing face to face kissing. Our breasts pressed up against the other, our hands gently exploring the curves of our soft naked bodies. Together we turn our faces check to check, towards Steve and smile.