 Steve continues to stare, not saying one word. I watch him with an evil glint in my eyes and run my hands softly down Janet's back until I reach her ass. I grab it with both hands and pull her supple body against mine. The feel of our breasts and nipples touching sends shivers up and down my body. Janet uses her hands to turn my face back to her. She puts her soft mouth against mine and gently parts my lips, slipping her tongue inside. It is incredibly hot and I forget all about Steve standing there.

Our kisses become more urgent. It is the kind of kiss where your lips press together so hard you want to crawl up inside to get closer. I insert my leg between Janet's legs pushing my way in until it rests against her clit and pussy. She is soaking wet, like me. Janet quickly responds grinding her wet pussy against my leg, riding it, and moaning with each movement she makes.

Remembering how sensitive my nipples are, Janet does not forget my breasts. She breaks our kiss to lower her mouth to my nipples, sucking one and then the other. The touch of her mouth drives me absolutely, totally, crazy with desire. It is almost too much for me to bear. I grab her hair, feeling the texture of silky strands between my fingers; I push her head further against my nipples urging her to suck harder. The feeling is exquisite, my legs go weak and I arch my back shoving my body against her lips and tongue. Teasing me she leaves my nipples and brings her lips to back to my mouth. 

I move my left hand to Janet's clit, my right hand to my own. As our mouths meet, tongues playing, I try to roll our throbbing clits at the same time with my fingers. We are both so wet, it is hard to hold onto our nubs. I slip two fingers in each pussy and press my thumbs over our clits, this works. I start to cum and Janet is right there with me.

"Oh fuck," I yell into the tree canopy above us, startling the birds into noisy flight.

I hear a groan from the left and remember Steve is standing, there watching us. I glance over at to see him rubbing is balls with one hand and stroking himself with his other. The sight of his hand moving up and down takes me to the brink of orgasm. I picture sucking on his hard dick, surrounding him with my lips and mouth. I feel the tightening of my pussy as my orgasm begins to build. Then suddenly I hear a car horn honking. 

"Hello" a man yells, "is everything alright?"

It comes from the front of the cabin. Janet and I break apart. I put on a robe. My entire body throbs, my nipples look like miniature hard-ons and my pussy hurts. Steve disappears into the cabin with his dick standing at attention. He heads for the bathroom, which leaves Janet and I to deal with the early morning visitor. I look at Janet with heaving ragged breaths and try to slow things down. I slip on my sandals, and half trip down the stairs in my haste.

"Damn, damn, damn," I think "not now!" 

I must get rid of this person and fast, my body needs release. I break into a run. My auburn hair tangles in the morning sun as I sprint around the corner of the cabin. Then BAM! I run right into a man walking in from the opposite direction. I land on my ass, knock the wind out myself, and look up to see a tall man in a uniform, a forest ranger guy I think. It is difficult to say because my eyes are watering due to the burning pain emanating from my backside.

Surprised he asks me, "I thought I heard a scream, so I stopped to check. Is anyone hurt?"

"Only my ass," I reply while still sitting on the hard ground.

It is then I realize my robe has parted ways, said goodbye, and left me half naked on the ground with my legs sprawled apart. He looks a little stunned too. It is understandable. My large breasts and one very wet pussy are exposed to the world. The world in this case, being one shocked forest ranger guy. At this point Janet glides around the corner. She has thrown on her t-shirt and jeans. Janet looks halfway normal, if you can overlook her large rosebud nipples screaming out from her white t-shirt.

"Look at me, look at me" they are saying.

Of course he looks, which gives me time to pull myself together. Scrambling to my feet I notice Janet is being all sweet and friendly. I try to look daggers at her, no response. I can only think of getting rid of him as fast as possible. Then Steve walks outside and the three of them start chatting. I can't believe it. I excuse myself from the group, and drag Janet off to the side.

"What are you doing?" I whisper.

"He's cute" she says.

"Cute, cute!" my voice rises in pitch, it's goes into that high squeaky whining woman voice, we all have one. "We can do cute later, right now we have plans."

Pouting Janet agrees but only if we invite the forest guy back for dinner.

My pussy still hurts and is in pain. I think I can hear it screaming at me to hurry, so I agree.

"Great!" she bounces off happy.

Janet oozes sex appeal as she slides back over to the guys, who are now talking about fishing. I hate her. Blond, blue eyed American girl, I sigh, tighten the belt around my robe and head into the cabin.

It seems like an eternity, but finally I hear a car door slam, then the sound of an engine moving down road.

While they have been outside chatting, I was busy inside getting the bedroom ready. I want to finish what we started. The bed is now in the middle of the room; I am naked standing next to it with four silk scarves draped in my right hand. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out what I have in mind.

I pull Steve and Janet into the room. I press my body against Steve's and slowly remove his clothes. Janet is naked and pressing against Steve from the back. We sandwich his body between us. The soft pressure of our breasts, the teasing caresses from our hands and Steve's cock is standing tall. Personally I want to jump on board right now, but Janet and I have other plans. This is just the beginning of a long sweet weekend. We have many different activities planned for the three of us.

I place Janet in the middle of the bed on her back, and proceed to tie her hands and feet to the bed. She is now at my mercy and Steve's.

Turning to Steve I whisper into his ear, "she belongs to us, play with her any way you want." 

I do not wait for Steve, early bird, worm, you know that type of thing. And personally, this time it's not going be slow, and drawn out. There are times when you want it to be slam bam fuck me man, and this was one of those times.

My pussy is still yelling at me so I dive into hers, running my tongue around her nub. Steve does not wait either. He walks over to me and pulls my body off to the side, placing the tip of his dick in Janet's wet pussy. My tongue plays over her clit and Steve's cock. I slowly run my tongue over both of them, licking them until I hear moans. Steve's continues to tease Janet's pussy with his cock. First he slides it in and out, then down to her ass and back up again, but only with the tip. 

Janet is crying to be fucked.

"No," he looks at me and says "69 baby."

You don't have to ask me twice. I turn around straddling Janet's face and lower my clit to her lips, at the same time I place my lips on her. The sensation is electric. My tongue enters her pussy, I suck up her sweet juice, pulling gently on the lips. She mimics my every move and I can feel my orgasm about to spill out on her. Steve pulls my mouth back and plunges his cock inside her. He takes me by the hair and pushes my mouth back on her clit. I lick her clit as her tongue fucks my pussy. Steve plunges his dick into her until she cums arching against my mouth and his cock.

Steve removes himself from Janet and holds my head over his manhood, shooting cum into my mouth. I feel it pump it down my throat as I take all of his dick. Sucking on Steve with Janet's face is in my pussy, pushes me over the brink. I cum pulsing sweet juice all over Janet's face as her tongue continues to thrust inside me. 

Laying down next to Janet, Steve and I stroke her body quietly until our heartbeats return to normal. We clean each other off, including Janet still tied to the bed, and head to the door.

"Hey guys," she asks, "did you forget something?"

Steve gives a weak Arnold imitation. "I'll be back."

And we pretend to walk out of the room, then Steve turns back and returns to the bed.

"Just kidding," he winks and unties her bonds. 

After we get dressed, we find ourselves famished and head out to the kitchen. Armed with an assortment of fruit, cheese, wine, and cold cuts we sit on the back deck relaxing, eating food and taking in the beauty of the land which surrounds us.