 This story is a continuation of a chat role play that got cut short...

Jean sat back on the couch and looked up at Linda, her chest heaving in anticipation. She was so turned on by the way Steve and Howie sucked on her fake cock, now she wanted to know what it was like really fuck a woman.

Linda stepped forward and slid one knee onto the couch beside Jean's thigh and soon straddled her lap. She leaned forward, her breasts directly in front of Jean's face. Jeans hands went to Linda's waist and she nuzzled Linda's breasts for a moment before taking one into her warm mouth and sucking on it. Linda shuddered in pleasure, feeling Jean suckling her plump breast.

Steve and Howie sat down on the couch on either side of Linda and Jean, watching them and feeling their cocks getting hard again.

Linda slowly lowered herself onto Jean's new silicone cock... it was about the same size as Steve and a familiar sensation. The opposite end of the dildo was a french tickler that stimulated Jean's clit perfectly with every ounce of pressure. Linda started to ride Jean's cock, moving up and down and caressing her head as Jean continued to suck on Linda's breasts, moving from one to the other. Linda moaned with the pleasure of the dildo sliding in and out of her and Jean moaned as well with every tingle of the french tickler against her clit.

Linda placed her hands on Jean's face and brought it up to kiss her passionately as she rocked back and forth on her lap. "I want you to take me from behind," said Linda, and she got up on her knees, the dildo, sliding out of her wet pussy. She stood up, allowing Jean to stand then Linda got back on the couch, on her knees, her sweet ass facing Jean. Linda grabbed the back of the couch and squeezed the padding as she waited for Jean to penetrate her.

Jean stood behind Linda and stepped closer. She took the ever-erect cock in her hand and gently inserted it into Linda's cunt. She then placed her hands on Linda's waist and started to move her hips back and forth, plunging "her" cock into Linda's sex. Linda started to moan again and Jean let out little gasps of pleasure every time she pushed forward, stimulating her clit.

Steve and Howie were both very turned on by what they were witnessing and moved closer to the action. Steve caressed Linda's bouncing breasts as she was fucked harder and harder by Jean. Howie put one hand on the small of Linda's back and the other on Jean's ass as she continued plunging "her" manhood into Linda's wet slit. Steve and Howie's cocks were fully erect by now.

Jean's hands started to explore Linda's body as she fucked her. One hand slid down linda's soft belly, through her fine pubic hair and found her plump little clit. She rubbed it as she kept pumping away at Linda's pussy. Her other hand moved up and found Linda's full breasts and assisted Steve in fondling them.

Linda was becoming overwhelmed by the sensations and started to moan more and more with pleasure, "Oh, yes, baby! I like it just like that! I love the way you fuck me, Jean. Don't stop. I'm gonna cum really soon!"

Jean was encouraged by Linda's exclamations to fuck her even harder. She brought her hands back to Linda's waist, holding her tight above the hips, and she started to pound "her" cock into Linda harder and faster. The dildo worked her clit good too. She wasn't as close to cumming as Linda was, but she was getting into the zone.

Linda arched her back and placed a hand on Steve's neck. She started to cry out in ecstasy and Steve started to suck on her breast. "Oh, yes," cried Linda, "Fuck, yes, I'm cumming! Oh, baby, Yes!"

Jean pumped into Linda a bit longer then stopped, holding Linda's voluptuous ass against her belly and breathing heavily. She leaned forward against Linda's back and Linda reached back with one arm, caressing Jean's hair.

"Jean, baby," said Linda.

"Yes," Jean breathed into her ear.

"I want you to fuck my man."

Jean was instantly aroused by the request, feeling a tingle in her pussy. "I'll do anything you want," she said as she pulled out of Linda. Linda then stepped off the couch and guided Steve onto his hands and knees on the couch.

"Get behind him," Linda directed Jean, who got on the couch behind Steve, resting on her knees and looking at Steve's sculpted ass. Linda got on her knees beside Steve and said, "Jean's going to fuck you now, Steve. Just the way you like it. Won't that be nice?"

Steve looked to her and said, "Yes, my darling," and kissed her passionately.

Linda got up and stood beside Jean. She reached down and guided Jean's fake cock, slick with Linda's juices, to Steve's waiting asshole. When the head of the dildo touched Steve's hole, he pressed his body back and Jean put her hands on his waist and moved forward. As the dildo plunged into Steve's tight ass, he moaned with pleasure, "Oh yeah. Fuck, yes."

This turned Jean on immensely. She had never used a dildo before that night, not even on a woman, let alone a man and here she was, looking down at the fine ass of a bisexual man as she fucked him with a strap-on. She started to fuck him with the same rhythm she had just fucked Linda and he showed the same enthusiasm and pleasure in the experience.

Linda could see this in Jean's eyes and she smiled as she leaned forward and kissed her, then she kissed her way down to Jean's tits and gave them a little oral attention. She then stood up and looked at Howie, who was mesmerized by watching Steve getting fucked in the ass.

Howie sat sideways on the other end of the couch, his cock standing erect and dripping with precum, as he watched the show before him. Linda remembered the sweet taste of his cum from earlier in the evening and the way Steve tasted it on Howie's mouth. Maybe he'll like it better directly from the source, she thought.

She walked over to Howie and took him by the hand, bringing him closer to Steve on the couch. She got him to spread his legs before Steve and lay on his back.

Steve watched as Howie positioned himself right below him, his huge cock, erect and laying against his belly. Then Linda kneeled beside him again and said, "Doesnt he have a beautiful cock?"

"Yes," said Steve.

"What would you like to do to it?"

"I want to suck it... Feel it in my mouth."

"Will you share it with me?"

"Yes, Linda. I'll share everything with you."

Linda took Howie's cock in her hand and licked the shaft from Howie's balls to the tip of his cock, swirling her tongue over it and licking up all his precum. She then kissed Steve, sharing the salty precum with him. She then held Howie's cock toward Steve's mouth and said, "Suck his cock, Steve."

Steve obeyed and took Howie's cock into his mouth, plunging down, matching the rhythm Jean was fucking him with. Howie tried to not make any noise but once Steve was sucking his cock, he couldn't help my moan loudly.

As Steve sucked Howie's cock, Linda took his balls in her mouth and joined the rhythm. She also stroked Howie's cock and licked his shaft the same way he licked Jean's strap-on while Steve went down on it.

Jean was enjoying the show as she continued to fuck Steve's tight ass and was getting close to cumming herself, the french tickler doing its job perfectly. She started to moan with every thrust into Steve's ass and soon felt her body shuddering with an intense orgasm, but she kept pumping into Steve, wanting to make sure he got his full pleasure from the experience as well. She decided it was time to reach around and start stroking his cock.

When Steve felt Jean's smooth, soft hand wrapping around his cock and milking it, he started to moan onto Howie's cock, filling his mouth. Linda pulled away from helping Steve service Howie to see what Jean was up to and she approved. But she wanted Howie to cum first. She started to run her fingers through Steve's hair and said, "Make him cum first, baby. I want you to taste his cum shooting into your mouth."

With those simple instructions, Steve concentrated on sucking off Howie and focussing less on the pleasure Jean was giving to his cock and asshole. It all still felt great but he was pleased most by doing what Linda told him.

Steve's head bobbed up and down more rapidly on Howie's thick cock and Howie moaned even louder, "Oh, Steve... fuck, man, I'm gonna cum!" Steve moaned his approval and continued to suck Howie's cock. Howie's hips started to rock up and down as Steve struggled to keep Howie's cock in his mouth. Then Howie cried out, "Oh, fuck, I'm cumming!" Steve kept sucking Howie's cock as he felt it erupt in his mouth. He swallowed most of Howie's sweet cum but made sure to keep the last few jets of cum in his mouth to share with Linda. As soon as he brought his head up from Howie's cock, Linda was there and kissed him. Steve spit Howie's cum into Linda's mouth, the way she would spit his own cum into his whenever she went down on him. Steve loved to be snowballed.

When Linda pulled away from Steve, she got up and kissed Jean, sharing Howie's cum with her. Jean moaned at the sweet surprise coming from Linda's mouth.

Linda then got on her knees and made Steve face her as Jean kept fucking him in the ass. "Come on, baby. Cum for me," she said.

Steve grabbed the back of the couch with one hand and brought his body up, giving Linda access to his hard cock. Jean kept pounding into his ass with the dildo as she held onto his waist and reached around to stroke his cock. Linda helped to pump his cock while talking dirty to him, saying, "I want your cum, baby! Give me your hot cum!"

Steve then started to shiver and moan. Linda then stroked the end of his cock while Jean continued working the base. She felt it throb in her hand and she opened her mouth, sticking out her tongue, ready to catch every drop of his jizz.

Steve's cock sprayed cum into Linda's mouth, coating her tongue with his white jizz. Linda kept stroking his cock, making sure every drop went into her mouth and she made sure to lick anything that didn't have the momentum to leave the tip of his cock.

With her mouth full of Steve's cum, she walked the short distance to Howie, who was laying on his back watching, and straddled his body, leaning down to kiss him and letting Steve's cum drain from her mouth into his. Howie Drank it all in, probing Linda's mouth for more.

Jean pulled out of Steve's ass and took off the strap-on. She then lay on the couch in Steve's arms and watched as Howie and Linda made out on the other end. Soon, all four fell asleep.