 My eyes snapped open and I groaned in pleasure as my climax started. "You said that you did not want to sleep too long," Sonia told me as Marta greedily swallowed my load. "Periwinkle told us we only had half an hour before we had to put on our seat belts for landing, so I helped get you close and Marta finished you off."

I reached down and stroked Marta's hair as she finished cleaning me up. When she was done, she smiled and climbed in my lap to kiss me. "Thank you, I really wanted you to be the first man to cum in my mouth. I had to practice with the others, but they were nice enough to agree to pull out before they climaxed so you could be my first. I was worried because we are about to land on the island and I did not know if I would see you again on this trip, so Sonia agreed to help me."

"I am sure we will get to spend more time with you after you are claimed," I told her. "We will be on the island for two weeks, and I planned to request some time with you. We have grown rather fond of you over the course of the flight."

"I have enjoyed my time with you and your girls as well," Marta replied. "I am going to miss you when you leave, but at least I can fully experience you before you have to go."

"We will be starting our approach in a few minutes, so I need everyone to get back to their seats and fasten their seat belts," Periwinkle said as she walked back into the cabin. "You can get dressed when we land if you wish, but as you know it's completely optional."

I nodded as Marta climbed out of my lap and took the seat across from me. Periwinkle gave all of us a deep kiss as she checked our seat belts. "I wanted to thank you all for a very pleasurable flight. I will not be available to play with any of you while we are on the island, but I am looking forward to taking you home so we can play again."

She caught Sonia's confused look and explained. "My husband and I have an agreement. We both enjoy playing with other partners, but when we are at home we try to spend all of our time together. If you will excuse me though, I need to let Dale know you are all secured and get myself buckled in as well."

"Sounds like it is kind of the opposite of what everyone else does," Sonia said as Periwinkle walked away. "We came here to play with new partners, but they only do it when they are away from the island. I wonder how often they are off island."

"We do a two or three day trip every other week on average," Ethan replied from behind us, "At least in this jet. We take the smaller one to Tahiti as needed to pick up or drop off visitors, but that is usually just two of us."

"It's nice that they found something that works so well for them," Sonia replied. "They can dote on each other when they are at home, and have a little elicit fun when they are working. What do the rest of you do when you are on the island? Periwinkle seemed quite open about enjoying all of you on this trip, but if she only plays with her husband at home, what do her other lovers do?"

"We all visit the Stables to play with the ponies regularly," Ethan told her. "It's part of our duties to help breed the ponies, but I like to think of it as more of a fringe benefit now. They have been a lot more enthusiastic about being bred since Julien put Raoul in charge of the Stables. I am sure you will find out soon enough, as you are picking out a pony of your own."

I listened in as they discussed the changes that had been made with the ponies over the last few months. Elizabeth and Amanda had told me about the changes Julien was making, and I was pleased to hear that it had worked out so well. I had avoided playing with the ponies after my first couple trips, other than to take them out for a day of relaxation on the beach, because they were so afraid of showing any sign of enjoying sex. Knowing that my new pony would not have that issue was a relief.

The landing was far smoother than I expected, as I did not know we were on the ground until we came to a complete stop. As Ethan and John got up and went to the cargo area, Ryan came back from the crew compartment. "Daniel is getting the door so you can disembark. You don't have to get dressed unless you wish to, but I would advise putting something on your feet, as the runway is a bit hot."

I was already pulling my shorts and shoes back on, and saw Sonia shrug before sitting down to put her shoes on. My kitten was still wearing her boots and gloves, with nothing but her tail in between. She pouted a bit when she saw me putting my shorts on and I laughed. "Don't worry little kitten, I won't be wearing much of anything for most of the vacation. If you noticed, I only packed two pairs of shorts and a couple shirts for myself, as well as a couple of your bikinis in case we want to do something that would require clothing. Most of the activities here won't, but if we want to go fishing or jet skiing it's usually a good idea to wear something."

She nodded and shrugged as she put her belt pouch on, then followed Sonia up the aisle to the door. I heard her quiet gasp of surprise, and when I go to the door saw her and Sonia being enthusiastically greeted by Elizabeth and Amanda. I was a bit surprised myself, as it was usually one of the girls who worked the resort waiting for the plane.

As I hit the bottom of the stairs, Elizabeth embraced me and gave me a very friendly kiss. "Master gave us permission to meet you, and asked us to find out if you wanted to go to the stables before dinner."

I glanced over to where the flight crew was loading our luggage onto the trailer on the back of the cart and smiled. "That will be fine, although Felicia is making the final decision on my new pony and may need more time to decide. If we could stop by the resort cabins and drop off our luggage first, we can at least go take a look."

Amanda shot Elizabeth and me an amused look before shaking her head. "He hasn't figured it out yet. I will take care of Marta while you explain it to him."

I saw Amanda holding a pair of three-inch leather pumps and a lace baby doll that would leave nothing to the imagination as she walked up to Marta. "What is it that I am missing," I asked Elizabeth.

"When Master decided to make your kitten one of our honorary sisters, he was upgrading your access as well," she informed me. "You will all be staying at one of the empty cabins on the other side of the island."

I stared at her in shock. The only cabins on the other side of the island were in the pens. I had only been invited to the pens twice in all the years I had been visiting, and never to actually stay there. "I thought only his family was allowed to stay at the pens?"

Elizabeth just gave me an enigmatic smile as she let me to the cart. "I would have agreed with you before today, but Master will have to explain his thoughts. I am just glad we will be able to spend more time with the three of you, and not have to travel to the resort side of the island to do it."

Felicia was curled up in Sonia's lap, and Marta was sitting next to them as Amanda pointed me to the passenger's seat. "I'm not sure this is actually big enough for six people," I said as Amanda pushed me into the seat and crawled up in my lap.

"Nope, it's not, but that just means we have to get a bit closer," she replied as Elizabeth got into the driver's seat. "Normally someone else would have picked Marta up and taken her to the Aviary, but Master told us to bring her with us to dinner after we stop at the Stables."

I just nodded. I was still a bit shocked at Julien deciding to have me staying with his personal pets. The girls chatted as Elizabeth called ahead to the Stables and let them know we were coming. "Raoul will be waiting for us, and he can give you any background you need on the ponies."

Raoul greeted me like an old friend when we arrived and led us into the Stables. "We can wander around and see which of the ponies catches your eye, but we can narrow down the choices a bit depending on what you are looking for. The north wing is our maternity ward, so all the ponies there are either pregnant or have recently foaled. The west wing, next to the indoor arena, is all the ponies that are not fully trained. If you want to do your own training, that would be the place to start. In the other wings they are fully trained, and may be ready for breeding but have not taken yet. Most of them have been bred at least once before and are very likely to be lactating still."

"I told my kitten that she would be picking out my pony. Her and Sonia have discussed what they are looking for, so I will let them do the wandering to see which of the ponies catches their eye," I replied.

"I would prefer they not pick one who need to be trained or is pregnant, but the final decision is theirs."

We had entered in the south, so we followed the girls down the corridor as they looked into the stalls. I was surprise to see Felicia pull a small notebook out of her pouch and start scribbling notes to Sonia as they stopped in front of a couple of the stalls. She had not used written notes since I got her the new teletype device, but apparently, this was a private discussion.

I glanced in the stalls they stopped at as we went by, and noticed both ponies were young, pretty blonds. They had been very quiet about what they wanted in a pony, and I felt no need to pry, so I had no real idea what they were looking for.

We hit the end of the corridor and they started down the east hall, again stopping in front of a couple stalls that held young, pretty blonds. About half way down, they both stopped again and exchanged scribbled notes and whispers before looking back at us.

"Are we allowed to go into the stalls," Sonia asked.

"Of course, just remember that they won't speak unless one of the trainers gives them permission. If you have any questions for her, just let me know," Raoul replied.

Sonia nodded and swung open the stall door. For the first time since entering the stables, my kitten dropped to her hands and knees before crawling into the stall with Sonia following her. We gave them a couple minutes, until Sonia looked over front of the stall and asked us to come over.

"I think we have found your new pony," she said as we got to the stall. "What do you think Alonso?"

I smiled as I looked over the pony they had chosen and held out my hand to her. She certainly was a pretty little thing, and her shy smile was enticing. Her full D cup breasts were almost too big for her petite frame, but the deep red hair flowing down past her pert little ass was gorgeous.

As she nuzzled into my outstretched hand, my kitten rubbed against her thigh and smiled up at me. "I think she is a lovely pony, but I already told you it was Felicia's choice and I would be happy with whichever pony she chooses. What can you tell us about this lovely little filly," I asked Raoul.

"She certainly is a lovely one. Felicia, if you could step back for a moment, Kiera, present." I watched as she crossed her wrists at the small of her back, pushing her chest out as she spread her legs a bit more and smiled.

"Kiera is an eighth generation pony, one of the few blood lines we can trace back to the founding of the island. She is twenty five now and has had two successful breeding cycles, the most recent being last year," he told us. "She is lactating and will need to be milked regularly if you wish her to continue to do so, and she has been implanted so she cannot be impregnated unless you have it removed."

The fact that she was lactating explained why her breasts seemed out of proportion with the rest of her body, but the way my kitten licked her lips when she heard that made me think it was going to continue. "Is this the one you would like to pick my dears?"

I looked down to Felicia who was nodding enthusiastically as she scribbled a new note and handed it to Sonia. "I agree, her lactating is a sexy bonus, but I don't know how we manage that. Alonso, if you don't mind, we would like to have her birth control removed. Felicia, Bernardo and I have discussed this, and we would like to give you as many grandchildren as possible between me and your new pony."

I had been around the ponies enough to know some of the procedures, so I glanced over to Raoul. "Can you release her? I know she will only respond to her Master or one of the trainers."

"From your kitten's response, I would say you are her new Master," he chuckled as he reached out to cup her face. "That's enough Kiera, you are free to speak. Please answer any questions or concerns as clearly as you can."

"Thank you sir, I will try," she said as she turned to me. "It's very easy for me to continue lactating if you wish it. I simply need to express my milk every six to eight hours. A pump is the easiest way for regular use, but you could also feed directly from me or have me express it by hand until we can get a pump."

"I think my kitten is looking forward to enjoying your milk directly from the source, but we can get a pump to help if needed. My kitten would like you to come home with us and be my new pony," I told her. "However, you need to understand that if you come with us you will be expected to take care of yourself a bit more than you do as a pony here. You and my kitten will be my only pets, and I will enjoy taking care of your needs the same way I do with hers, but I won't be able to take care of you the same way they do here."

"Whatever you wish to do is fine with me Master," she replied as her smile grew larger. "I am past the point where I need the constant attention. I will still enjoy whatever care you wish to provide, but I can do it on my own as well. I feel I should warn you that I have no sexual experience outside of what I have experienced in the breeding stalls, but I am willing to learn anything you wish to teach me."

I glanced over to see Sonia and Felicia both nodding with big smiles on their faces, so I turned back to Raoul. "I think you were right and I have found my new pony. How soon would I be able to take possession of her, and how would we go about having her implant removed?"

"Julien left explicit instructions, so you are free to take her with you right now if you wish to," he replied. "You just need to take her by the medical clinic to have her implant removed, or we can arrange an appointment. Would you like me to have one of the grooms come to get her ready?"

"I think the girls are looking forward to her coming with us, but we do have the cart a bit overloaded at the moment. Would I t be possible to have one of the grooms get her ready, then bring her over to the pens," I asked. "Apparently we will be staying there for the duration of our trip, but I am not sure what Julien had planned for our accommodations."

"Of course, although I am sure he accounted for the three of you plus your pony," he chuckled. "We should have her there by dinner time."

I agreed and he walked us back out to the cart, calling to one of the grooms to get Kiera ready on the way. We found Elizabeth and Amanda waiting with Marta, and all three of them had enigmatic smiles on their faces as we got back into the cart.

"Any luck picking out your pony," Elizabeth asked as we got into the cart.

I chuckled as Amanda crawled back into my lap. "Yes, the girls found a lovely pony for us. Raoul is having her prepared and will be bringing her to the pens later. I am more curious what has the three of you looking like the cat that ate the canary though."

"Sorry Alonso, but we are not allowed to tell you," Amanda said as she snuggled closer to me. "Master would punish us if we spoil his surprise. If you are ready to go, everyone is waiting for us. We planned a luau to celebrate your arrival."

I knew the resort threw a luau every Friday night if they had guests present from my many vacations here, but one in the middle of the week was odd. "I did not realize my arrival was so important."

"It gave us an excuse to have a party," Amanda admitted. "We don't get to go the guest ones very often, so Master gave us permission to celebrate our new honorary sister's first visit to the island."

Elizabeth steered the conversation back to my new pony, and we discussed Kiera until we got to the pens. I knew she was trying to avoid whatever subject they were not allowed to talk about, but I did not want to get them punished so I did not push the matter.

When we arrived at the pens, Brandon came out to help me with our luggage as the girls all went down to the courtyard. Entering the cabin, I stopped when I saw the size of the bed. It was a custom job and easily big enough for four people to sleep comfortably. "Did someone have to change cabins for our visit," I asked.

Brandon laughed as he shook his head. "Nope, this is actually your cabin now. Well, technically, it's Felicia's cabin, but as her Master, it is yours. When the girls convinced Julien to make her an honorary sister, he decided she needed her own cabin when she was visiting and had us set one up for her."

The situation was growing stranger by the minute and I knew I needed to talk to Julien. I dropped off my luggage and followed Brandon down to the courtyard. We found Julien with all of his girls and the trainers relaxing around a bonfire, with a couple of the girls who usually worked the resort serving drinks.

Felicia was slowly making the rounds, snuggling and loving on the girls as Sonia sat with Julien, who waved me over as soon as he saw me. As soon as I sat down, one of the girls appeared with a tray of drinks and Sonia winked at me before wandering off to visit. Taking a Mai Tai, I looked at Julien and shook my head in confusion. "Okay, what's going on?"

"It's a combination of several things actually," he replied with a laugh. "I should warn you first that I had to instruct your kitten to keep it mostly g rated for now. Sophia and Gabriel will be with us through dinner. Paige will be taking them back to her cabin after we eat, and we can enjoy a bit more adult fun at that point."

I glanced over and saw my kitten on the ground with the little girl who had been with them at Christmas and a toddler who could not have been more than two years old. "I remember Sophia from Christmas, but I did not realize you allowed the children to spend time in the pens."

"There have been a few changes since my father's time," he replied. "Sophia is the twin's younger sister, and I had planned on letting her visit them over the weekends. It was supposed to be an experiment to see if having children around would interfere with our lifestyle, but after the attack I had to push it a bit farther."

"Gabriel is Anna and Antonio's son. When Antonio was killed, Anna came back to the Menagerie as my pet and I insisted she bring Gabriel with her. Paige was taking care of Sophia for me, and was happy to come over and help with Gabriel as well," he told me. "Most nights Sophia stays with Paige and Gabriel stays with Anna, but the pets take them for the afternoon so she can have some personal time."

"Interesting idea, but I am curious. Has it interfered with your private time with your pets," I asked him. "I know how you feel about keeping the children away from any sexual situations, and it seems that would be a lot harder to do with them staying here so much of the time."

"The pets have been good about keeping the children away from anything they should not be exposed to. They spend most afternoons playing games on the beach, although Sophia insists on eating dinner in my lap every chance she gets," he replied with a chuckle. "I can't say I object much to my adopted daughter wanting to spend time with me. She is a sweetheart, but she will talk your ear off if you let her."

"I am sure you are more interested in your situation though, as I can still see the dazed look in your eyes. Your kitten made quite an impression on my pets at Christmas, and my lionesses already looked on her as a sister. I appreciate honesty and integrity, so when your first reaction after finding out our contract could not be completed was to call me and resolve the issue instead of trying to screw me; I decided I could give them what they wanted."
