 I felt awkward for the next week and didn't call Robert. I mean, what do you say to your best friend when you're both married, and you have just sucked his hard cock and then found yourself bent over his bathroom countertop, while he grunted and shoved his cock deep into your ass? How do you go back to small talk when you've felt your friend lying on top of you, his balls resting against yours while he gasps for air after shooting his cum deep inside you? 

But then, how can you give up the chance to do something so erotic again, to look over your shoulder into a man's eyes, his pupils wide open with excitement, as he fucks his "girlfriend" and gasps out how much pleasure you're giving him? 

However, it's one thing to do all that when you've got a buzz going from all the alcohol you drank, and you're sexually aroused and in the heat of the moment. It's different the next morning, when you're sober and have a hangover and are feeling a bit ashamed about doing something that you've been told all your life is wrong and immoral. And so, looking in the mirror while blearily shaving the next morning I resolved to pretend none of that wild sex really happened, and that I would go back to being totally straight and monagamously married.

I kept that resolve right up to the moment when Robert called me the following Friday and invited me over to hang out and "talk story" with him while his wife went out on the town with some girlfriends. 

So that's how I found myself in Robert's house on Friday, chatting with his sexy, plump wife, Carina, as she put on pale pink lipstick. There had always been chemistry between Carina and me, some discreet flirting with plenty of plausible deniability that what we really wanted to do, if we weren't both married to someone else, was tumble into bed and fuck our brains out. Not that we ever said anything like that. It was more the way she'd find excuses to touch my forearm, or playfully punch my chest when my jokes crossed too far over the line, or the way her pupils would open wide with excitement when we talked.  I loved her large breasts and big, sexy round ass, and her perfect face with dark eyes and light mocha skin that reflected a delightfully exotic blend of Filipino and Hawaiian and Scottish ancestors, that hapa local girl look you see so much of in Hawaii. 

Carina looked at me in the mirror. "Do you think this dress makes my butt look big?"

I stared at her silky red dress and matching high heels, and at her big, sexy, voluptuous butt revealed by the slinky material. "Oh, hell yes."

She started to pout and give me stink eye, perhaps thinking I was insulting her.

"I love your big booty. It's so – well – mmmmh. Makes me want to reach out and give it a pat every time you walk by."

"I'll have you know I'm a happily married woman, you insolent scoundrel." 

"You say it like being a scoundrel is a BAD thing." 

"God help me, I do like bad boys." She gave me a sultry, heavy-lidded look, then dropped her lipstick in her purse. "Well, gotta hele on out of here."

*** 

Robert and I watched through the living room window, waving as Carina drove off. Then I shyly turned and gazed into his smoldering eyes, and I knew right then he wanted to exchange something more tangible than chitchat that night. 

Robert grinned at me, then boldly reached over and squeezed my ass. "I've missed my sweet sexy girlfriend so much. Why didn't you call? Every time I fucked Carina this week, I imagined that it was your 'pussy' I was pumping my cum into." 

I gently disengaged his hand from my butt, but gave his palm an affectionate squeeze before I released it. "Look, I think it was a mistake. I'm not bi. Can't we go back to being just friends, and pretend all that never happened?" 

Robert's eyes narrowed, then he gave me a mischievous grin. "Fair enough. Tell you what, let me ask you a couple questions, and if you pass them as the totally straight guy that you undoubtedly are, we'll say no more about me fucking your ass last week and you taking it like a totally not-bi bitch and loving it. Deal?" He put out his hand, offering to shake. 

I gave him a wry grin. "Well, I object to certain premises in that loaded statement, but, hell – sure. Fire away." I took his hand and Robert shook it. And kept shaking it, his eyes boring into mine. I tried to disengage my hand, but he grasped it tighter, and started tugging on it, dragging me into his bedroom. 

"Umm, what the hell are –" 

"Part of the experiment," Robert said, briskly. "Gotta do the proper environmental protocols to run this test right. Wouldn't want to call the validity of our experiment into question, now would we?" We were in the bedroom by then, standing next to the nightstand by his bed. He pulled me close, his lips inches away from mine. 

"First question – and remember, you're gonna answer all of these questions honestly – do you enjoy this?" 

He leaned in and lightly kissed my lips. Startled, I thought of pulling away. But I didn't. God help me, I didn't want to. Robert's tongue pressed against my lips, and I reluctantly parted them, and then he was pressing against me and, let's face it, fucking my mouth with his tongue. I tried not to, but I gave a soft moan of pleasure. Robert broke the kiss and said in a low, husky bedroom voice, "Again – did you enjoy that? And remember, we've got a truth meter here in case you try to lie." His hand slid down my waist and touched the stiffening bulge in my shorts. 

I closed my eyes and sighed. "OK. That I kind of liked." I reopened my eyes, and saw the corners of Robert's eyes crinkled with amusement as he kept stroking my cock. 

"Damn. You're totally straight so far. My bad for ever doubting you. Second question – would you like me to do this?" He slowly unzipped my shorts – as usual, I wasn't wearing any underwear, too hot in Hawaii for that -- then slid a hand inside and cupped my balls and gently kneaded them. I grunted with pleasure. "And remember, I've got this truth meter to check on in case I think you're fibbing." His hand grasped and resumed stroking my hardening shaft. The warmth of his palm felt so good. "Well, straight boy? Whattaya say?" 

"Unnnh. Don't stop. OK, OK, I like that too." 

"Still totally not-bi, hunh? Third question – do you find this to be unpleasant?" Robert's free hand reached around and squeezed my ass, then his hand slid under the waistband of my shorts and cupped one of my buns. His hand slid between my cheeks and teased me, brushing close to my hole but not quite touching it. 

I answered his question by putting my hands around his waist and, grabbing his ass, pulled him against me. I was starting to breath harder by now. 

Robert kissed me, his tongue probing deeply, then gazed into my eyes with a soft, tender look. "Fourth question. Do you greatly object to me doing this?" He undid the button holding the waistband of my shorts together, and the shorts fell down to my ankles. Robert dropped to his knees, looked up at me, then slid his lips over my cockhead while he stroked my rock hard shaft. His tongue started lapping at my slit and the sensitive underside of my cockhead. 

I groaned, and answered his question by pushing my shaft farther into his mouth. Robert's head bobbed up and down a bit, taking me deeper and deeper, until my prick was all the way down his throat and my balls slapped against his chin. I heard a clicking sound and looked down. Robert had reached into the nearby nightstand and taken a small tube of K-Y Jelly out. He put some of the clear lube on his middle finger. 

Robert slipped his mouth off my shaft, then grinned and gave me the bird, pointing the glistening middle finger at me. "Fifth question for my so-very-much-not-bi girlfriend – can I stick this up your sweet ass and get you all lubed up and ready to get pushed down on the bed and fucked by my hard cock? Is this what you want?" He didn't wait for a reply, he started pushing it between my cheeks while his mouth went back to sucking me off. I answered his question by grabbing the hair on the back of his head and thrusting inside. When I backed my shaft off his mouth, his finger slipped inside me. I started fucking his mouth while getting assfucked with his finger. I was breathing hard and moaning, and Robert's cock was sticking up – I would say sticking straight up, but "straight" really wasn't the applicable word for that situation, frankly – 

And that's when we heard the front screen door open, and high heels rapidly clicking on the tiled floor. We both froze. Carina started to stride into the bedroom, and then halted in the doorway, her pretty mouth open in shock. 

We all stared at each other for a long moment. 

Let's face it – when your wife comes home unexpectedly, and finds you on your knees with your best friend's dick shoved down your throat, and your finger fucking his ass, there isn't a public relations firm in the world that's good enough to spin that bad puppy. If that ever happens to you – and of course it wouldn't, because you are obviously totally, completely straight, and just happened to be browsing this site for the articles about politics or gardening, certainly not out of any prurient interest – if that happens, you are SO busted. You can forget about trying to talk your way out of it. 

Robert, bless his heart, gave it the old college try anyway. Sliding his mouth off my shaft, he said, "Ummm, look, Carina – it's not as bad as it looks. I –" 

She gave him a withering look. "I want a divorce. You can tell your bullshit lies to my lawyer." She flicked her eyes at me, and gave me a less steely look, bordering on sorrowful and hurt. "Harry – how could you?" 

And then it struck me what I had to do. I pointed at the bed and said to Robert, in the tone one might use on an awkward puppy that had just piddled on your expensive Persian carpet, "Sit." 

"I –" 

"Shut the fuck up," I said, exasperated. 

He sat on the bed. 

I turned to Carina, who was staring at me open-mouthed, no doubt wondering about the commanding tone in my voice, a side of me she'd never seen. And, most likely also wondering how exactly I'd wound up in her bedroom, face-fucking her husband. It's the sort of rude, awkward question that genteel, well-bred people in the upper social strata are much too courteous to raise – one mustn't damage one's social standing by impertinently prying into others' private matters – still, one's honor in such unusual circumstances must be satisfied. Such a faux pas must be accounted for, unless one cares to spend far too much time in dreary, boring tasks involving pistols at forty paces at dawn. 

"Come here," I said in my deepest, huskiest voice. 

She kept staring, but her eyes softened a bit. 

"Please. Let me talk to you." 

When she still didn't budge, I kicked the shorts off that were bunched at my ankles, then took a few swift strides over to her. 

I leaned in and kissed her softly. 

She put her hands on my chest to push me away, her eyes full of anger and confusion and perhaps a trace of desire, but I wrapped my strong arms around her and pulled her tight against me and kissed her harder. She was still giving me a token push away, but her heart wasn't in it, and she knew it, and I knew it too. The tip of my tongue pressed against her lips. 

Carina opened her mouth. "Why –" 

I took advantage of the opportunity, and slipped my tongue between her full, sexy lips. I felt a jolt of long-repressed passion spark through her body, and then she leaned in and gave me a proper kiss back, our tongues sliding over each other, fulfilling the moment we'd both desired for so long. 

She broke the kiss. "I – I don't –" 

"Shhh. Please don't talk." 

She glanced over at Robert. I turned and looked at him too. He was sitting on the bed with an expression that was a curious mixture of jealousy and relief. But what could he do about me kissing his wife, and with no shorts on to boot? I was trying to save his fucking marriage. I was doing the right thing in rather trying circumstances, though I imagine a standard social conservative might have held differing views on the propriety, or thorough lack thereof, of my conduct so far this evening. 

One can not please everyone. One must embrace that awkward fact, and soldier onward as best as one can. 

Carina narrowed her eyes, a wicked, nasty look in them. "Do you mind me kissing Harry, dear?" 

And at the moment I knew it was all going to turn out swimmingly. Carina was going to take her revenge by indulging in her long-repressed passion for me, and if Robert knew what was best for him, he would shut up and let her do it. He would let her be the boss and take control. 

He nodded his assent. 

I pulled down on the low-cut neckline of Carina's red silk dress and slid one of her breasts free of the confining material. The sight almost took my breath away -- a big chocolate-colored areola with a nipple hardening with desire, centered on a large, soft breast with light mocha skin. So different from my wife's pink nipples on milky white skin. I leaned over and ran my tongue in a circle around the nipple, which became harder under my gently sliding tongue. I freed her other breast and licked that nipple until it was hard, then pressed the big soft breasts together until the nipples almost touched. I shook my head back and forth, my tongue rapidly flicking over each nipple and areola. 

When I paused and looked up at Carina, her eyes gleamed with desire. I stood upright and we kissed passionately, my tongue thrusting deep inside and hers responding. Then she slowly slid to her knees, her hands unbuttoning my shirt as she went, planting kisses on my chest and flat belly. The kisses and the heat from her palms on my skin made my heart pound faster. She gave poor Robert another wicked glance. "Do you mind if I kiss him here?" She stuck out her tongue and gave my cock, which was starting to get hard again, a quick lick on the tip. 

Robert bit his lower lip. "Whatever you want, dear." 

"Oh, that's SO sweet of you, dear," Carina said, her voice heavy with sarcasm. 

Robert tried to turn his head away, an agonized, jealous look in his eyes. 

"No, dear. You're going to watch every moment of this. Or else." 

Robert turned his head back to face us. He ran his hands over his face and then through his hair, clearly having a hard time dealing with this. 

Carina's stunning dark eyes looked up at me, and my heart leapt. God, she's so beautiful. I can't believe this gorgeous woman is going to take my cock between those plump, sexy lips. 

I reached down and kneaded her breasts while Carina slid my cockhead between her lips and started expertly flicking her tongue along the underside. 

"Uuunnnh," I groaned. "Oh yes. Suck me, Carina. Suck my cock." I reached down and stroked her straight dark brown hair, then grasped the soft skin of her plump cheeks and held her face still while I slowly pumped her mouth, just the cockhead slipping in and out while her tongue rasped the shaft. Carina started to take more and more of my shaft into her waiting lips, her head bobbing faster. 

"Slow down," I said. "You're gonna make me cum if you don't take it slower." 

I glanced over at Robert. He had taken his shorts off, and had his dick in his hand, slowly fisting it, clearly getting over his anxiety at me getting a blowjob from his wife. 

"Stand up and go lie back on the bed," I said to Carina. "I want to taste your pussy." 

She stood up. I pulled her dress straps over her arms, and it fell in a pile at her feet, leaving her in matching red lacy panties and high heels, with no bra. She stepped out of the dress and then walked over and sat down next to Robert, giving his hard cock an amused glance. "Want me to help you with that, dear?" She pulled his shirt over his head and flung it away. 

He nodded, his eyes wide. Carina took his cock in her hand and started stroking it, then laid back on the back and parted her thighs for me, revealing the wetness in the crotch of her panties. Robert leaned over and began sucking on one of her nipples.  

I came over, pulling off my shirt as I walked and tossing it aside.  "Hand me a pillow," I said to Robert. 

He grabbed one, never taking his lips off Carina's breast, and handed it to me. I put it on the floor at Carina's feet, kneeled on the pillow, and said, "Lift your hips." She did so. I eased her panties off, fingering the dampness from her lust, then dropped them on the floor. Carina lowered her hips back down. I put my hands on her plump, soft thighs and parted them a bit more.  I leaned closer and inhaled the wonderfully musky scent of her trimmed pussy, the black hair partly covering the dark brown skin around her pussy lips. "God, your pussy smells so good, Carina. So musky and tropical. Mmmm."

It smells even better than my wife's sweet white cunt, I thought, but decided to leave that unsaid. One must observe certain social niceties in these situations, if one does not wish to be shunned in polite society. 

I leaned forward and gave a quick lick to the skin covering her clit. Her body jolted from the contact, then relaxed as I started to slide my tongue up and down her dark slit, running my tongue between her lips on the upstroke and finishing each time with a quick circling of her clit. 

She moaned and grabbed my hair and cooed, "That's it, Harry. I know you've wanted to do this. Lick my pussy. Lick it good." She ground her hips into my face, her sexy trimmed bush pressing against my lips, trying to fuck my face with her clit the way I was fucking her husband's face earlier. I reached up with my hands and fondled her breasts some more while I lapped away at her. Carina's hips were starting to thrust up at my tongue faster. 

I glanced over at Robert between laps of my tongue, seeing if he was still OK with all this. He was breathing hard while Carina's hand pumped his shaft. It looked sexy, his hard cock being stroked by her tanned hand, and so on impulse I reached over with my right hand and started fondling his nuts. Carina's hand touched mine on one of her downstrokes, and she raised her head slightly and gave me a startled look through the valley of her breasts.  "Umm, Harry --" 

I gave her clit an extra quick series of licks, and her objection trailed off into moans. I put my hand over the one that had frozen at the base of Robert's cock, and gave it a reassuring squeeze. Her head flopped back onto the bed, leaving me again with just a view of her trimmed mound, her sweet belly, and her breasts. Our hands started sliding up and down Robert's shaft, mine below hers and touching her hot skin. Robert reached over to the breast my hand had vacated and began squeezing it. I reluctantly released her other breast, and ran my palm down her soft, sweet belly, then pushed a finger into her cunt. "Aaaah," she said as I entered her, and then she moaned even louder when I ran another finger down between her ass cheeks and started pressing it against her hole. 

I pushed the tip of my finger inside her ass, and that put her over the edge. Her breath quickened, her hips thrashed about, and she started yelling, "I'm cumming! Oh, god, don't stop. Lick it. Lick my pussy." She locked her legs around my back, the tips of her red high heels scratching my back. 

I rode her orgasm with my tongue, trying to stay on target, and in the midst of it I felt Robert's cock twitch under our stroking palms. Robert groaned and said, "Here it comes. I'm gonna shoot. Aahhh. Ahhh. Ah. Ooooh my god. Damn."  I felt my palm grow sticky with his hot cum. 

When Carina's orgasm subsided, I gave Robert's softening prick a friendly squeeze, then reached up to Carina's lips and slid a cum-covered finger inside her mouth. She raised her head and gave me a wicked grin. "Let's see those sexy lips of yours," she said. I raised my mouth, slick with her musky wetness, up from her cunt. She unlocked her legs from around my back and lowered them to the floor, her red high heels still on. Then she took her cum-covered hand and smeared cum over my lips, and pressed a finger inside my mouth too. "You little cocksucker," she said, affectionately. 
