 Several days had elapsed after I fucked Robert's wife, Carina, with his somewhat reluctant consent, after she caught him cheating on her - let's leave a tactful silence about who he'd cheated with - and neither of them had talked to me since. I was starting to wonder if I'd caused sex to ruin two great friendships. It certainly wouldn't be the first time my little head down south had overridden the judgment of its larger, more northerly neighbor, with calamitous results.

So I was relieved when Carina finally called. "Hi Harry, could you come over and lend a hand? I'm having a problem with my showerhead, and I can't seem to fix it myself."

"Umm, sure!"

"Front door is unlocked. I'm in the shower in the master bedroom."

I zipped on over to their house. As I walked in, I noticed humid moist air despite the air conditioning, which grew warmer and moister as I entered the master bedroom.

Hunh, I thought. Must have broken midshower.

The large glass sided shower in their bathroom was easily visible from the foot of their king sized bed, looking through wide doors that were flung open. Steam rolled out of the bathroom, revealing an even steamier event:

Carina was naked and soapy in the shower, her black hair wet, and her lovely plump curves getting progressively soapier as a slim muscled asian woman, ethnically Japanese by the looks of her, slid a bar of soap over Carina's gorgeous brown skin. Using a technique that probably wasn't suggested on the soap packaging, Public Relations VPs being notably risk-averse beasts, the asian woman worked up a better lather by rubbing and slithering her tiny breasts and flat hard belly against Carina's large breasts and sexy curvy tummy.

My heart jackhammered in my chest from a jolt of adrenaline as I stared at this erotic sight.

"I ... uh ..."

Carina grinned wickedly at me, her beautiful brown eyes narrowing with amusement. In that sexy Hawaiian lilt of hers she said, "The showerhead problem, Harry, is that you need to get your firm butt in the shower and give me head. Oh, and say hi to my best friend Jan."

Still processing this, I finally remembered my manners: "Uh ... hi Jan."

Carina pressed Jan's face against one of her large brown areolas, and Jan started sucking on the proffered nipple. "She'd say hi back, but it's rude to talk with your mouth full."

I realized that I was overdressed for the occasion, and quickly stripped out of my shorts and black reverse print Hawaiian shirt. As I stepped into the shower, Carina lifted her other breast in invitation, and I took the hint and started sucking on the nipple while pressing my face into the heavy soft breast. I glanced right at Jan working on the other breast. She looked at me with her beautiful almond eyes, and released the nipple.

"Nice to meet you, Harry. Aloha."

She leaned in to give me the kiss that customarily follows when two people share aloha for the first time. Since she was much shorter than me, I leaned my head down to accept the kiss while she rose on her tiptoes to meet me, but rather than the usual perfunctory peck on the lips, she put all of her soul into a long lingering kiss that went on and on. She wrapped her arms around my waist and guided our bodies together in a soapy embrace, her firm athletic body pressing against mine. Her arms slid down a bit to squeeze my buttocks, and I reciprocated by cupping her tiny hard buns, my large hands almost covering her slender cheeks. Warm water started splashing on my back as Carina turned the decidedly unbroken shower back on. Then the torrent of water was intercepted, other than a spray of droplets falling on my head, as Carina snuggled into me from behind, her voluptuously curved breasts and belly pressing against my back and butt while she softly kissed the back of my neck.

Sandwiched between these two beautiful women with opposite but arguably equally sexy physiques, getting kissed on both sides ... this, I thought. This is the life. My cock by now was fully erect and almost poking into Jan's belly button, since she, like Carina, was nearly a foot shorter than me.

Carina whispered in my ear, her breath hot as the tropical breeze outside, her silky sexy voice making me shiver a bit, "Robert would have loved to join us, but he is tied up at the moment. Literally. As in tied up in the closet over there in the bedroom, since he's been a bad boy. But, I did open the door a crack so he could peek out and watch me use you for my pleasure. Speaking of which, I'm still waiting for that shower head."

I reluctantly broke the kiss with Jan, our tongues sliding apart, then a slow sensual lick across her full brown lips hinting at the pleasure I could give her nether lips. I turned around and gazed into Carina's beautiful heavy-lidded eyes, her pupils wide open with excitement. Jan lifted her deeply tanned hands to my shoulders and pressed down, guiding me to my knees, my face level with Carina's shaven wet pussy. I looked up at her eyes and at the perfect curves where the underside of her heavy breasts pressed against her torso, watching water drop off those breasts and cascade down her body, sluicing off the soap. Carina put her hands around the back of my neck and drew my face into her pussy. My lips kissed her pussy lips, then I started licking her salty coppery tasting cleft, my cock stiff with anticipation, while Jan ran her fingers through my long wet hair and sensually rubbed her pubic mound with its straight black hair against my cheek.

I reached around and squeezed two soft handfuls of Carina's huge sexy booty, her Native Hawaiian genes competing with her trace of African ancestry to see which could give her the most luxuriously padded butt. I ran my hands all over her buns, enjoying the feminine softness and curves.

Jan by now was standing by our sides, her black pussy lips glistening invitingly, so I turned and started licking her slit, her inner labia smaller and more delicate than Carina's, the taste of her pussy stronger and more umami flavored, like a hint of udon broth or soy sauce. My left hand was feeling up Carina's thick booty and thighs while my right hand caressed Jan's slim hard legs and calves, her smooth skin slightly darker than Carina's, loving the contrast between these versions of feminine beauty. Jan grabbed my hair roughly, more for the sake of leverage than affection, and jammed her clit against my lips and tongue. In less than a minute she started cumming, and not quietly either, cresting on wave after wave of orgasms, or perhaps more like a string of firecrackers, clearly one of those fortunate women with an insatiable ability to cum over and over again - loudly. I grabbed one of her hard little buns and one of Carina's soft big ones, using that lovely flesh to brace against the onslaught of Jan's tight belly and pubic mound writhing and bucking against my nose and lips and tongue as she took her pleasure.

"Hey," Carina said. "You're not sharing, girlfriend."

Between gasps for air and moans, Jan said, "I'm. Not. Done."

"That could last hours. Take a break, soldier."

Jan defiantly shuddered through a couple more orgasms, then released my hair. I stood up and grabbed a bar of soap, and began thoroughly cleaning Jan, working up a lather on her strong surfer girl shoulders and lovely A cup breasts, and then running my fingers into her pussy cleft and in between her flat lean cheeks. Jan sighed and shuddered with pleasure both times one of my long fingers forced itself into one of her tight holes, her glistening dark brown pucker putting up stiff resistance before yielding to the invasion. She started to orgasm yet again as my fingers started fucking both crevices, until Carina impatiently grabbed my hands and placed them on her huge breasts. I squeezed and rubbed their heft, then trailed a hand down to her buttocks so I could feel both kinds of roundness simultaneously. I kissed all over her neck and shoulders, causing her to shiver and laugh from ticklishness. Meanwhile, Jan put my thumb in her mouth and proceeded to lavish attention on it, causing my dick to get even harder, if that was possible. I wrapped a hand around her slim neck and tried to push her down toward my cock, but just after she yielded and bent over to give the tip a gentle kiss, Carina turned off the water.

"Time for you to towel us off, Naked Boy."

I tried to feign deafness so I could slide my cock past Jan's lips, but apparently Carina was in charge of the agenda, taking my hand and stepping out of the the shower. I grabbed a thick fluffy white towel and rubbed it over Carina's curves, while Jan bent over and gave my cockhead the treatment she'd given my thumb earlier, causing me to groan and almost blow my load. I reached down with a fresh towel and dried her straight black hair and strong shoulders and back while Jan walked me to the edge twice. Then she stood up and I kissed my way down her shoulder blades and breasts and flat belly, drying all the while.

"I think it's time we go to the bed," Carina said. She looked at the closet. "Don't you agree, Robert?"

Muffled sounds.

Always one for a grand romantic gesture, I decided to pick one of women up and give her a lift. I wanted to be a gracious guest and take Carina, but despite being fit from hours at the gym, a glance at her curviness confirmed that would be pushing the limit of my strength, while Jan looked to be maybe ninety pounds. So I put my hands on Jan's buns and lifted up. She wrapped her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist and started giving playful neck bites. Curious about whether Carina had been joking about Robert being tied up in that closet, I walked over, wobbling a bit off balance from Jan's weight and how she was squirming around, rubbing her pussy against my crotch and moving her head around my neck, alternating bites and kisses now.

I peeked inside the closet. Robert was in his underwear, a white v-necked T shirt and boxers printed with frolicking little cartoon whales. He was bound by white nylon rope at his wrists and feet, his arms behind his back and yanked up towards his shoulder blades by the end of the rope. The rope was tied off at a bar laden with shirts and dresses on hangers, effectively tethering him to the confines of the closet. He had a red ball gag in his mouth, held in place with a black elastic cord that wrapped around his head.

Did I mention the pleading look in his eyes? That may have slipped my mind, what with Jan delightfully distracting me with her ministrations.

"Rmm mrrr MMOUPH!" Robert said.

Mickey Mouse? Nah.

My big mouth? Hmmm ..

Oh - Let me out!

I looked over at Carina and raised my eyebrows questioningly. She had laid several bath towels on top of each other at the foot of the bed, and was sitting on the towels and tossing fancy green and grey decorative pillows toward the understatedly elegant dressing chair in the corner of the room.

Carina shot me a look that I interpreted as Oh, HELL no. Or maybe: Don't touch my rope work if you wanna touch all this round goodness.

Well, THAT's an easy call. "Sorry man."

"Mmm! Mo!"

I opened the door wider to give him a better view. Never let it be said that I lack generosity of spirit toward my fellow man.

I grabbed one of the spare pillows that had been flung onto the chair, then walked to the bed. I lowered Jan so she was sitting next to Carina.

Carina bumped against Jan. "Hey girlfriend." Jan nudged back, then it turned into a friendly bump battle while they started giggling.

I spread Carina's soft thighs apart and put the pillow on the floor between them. I knelt on the pillow and began kissing up her inner thigh, heading toward her shaven triangle, while sliding one hand up her belly and onto a breast, gently squeezing it. Carina sighed and moaned softly, then grabbed my hair and pushed my head into her musky crotch. Meanwhile, I was easing my other hand up Jan's thigh on approximately the same trajectory as my lips were following toward Carina's pussy. Jan opened her legs for these caresses by leaning back and turning sideways toward Carina and, in one smooth flexible motion, lifted one foot over Carina's shoulder and behind her back. Then Jan leaned forward and lavished attention on Carina's other breast, planting kisses and nibbles on the brown nipple.

That looked like a solid idea, so I rose up, running my tongue up Carina's smooth skin until it contacted Jan's tongue on the nipple. We started alternating licking the nipple and kissing each other, but then Carina put her hand on my head and pushed it back down, saying, "Hey, naked boy. My turn to cum."

And so I obliged, slowly running my tongue up and down her slit, then inside, and when she made About To Cum noises I rapidly wiggled my head back and forth to make my tongue dance across her clit. As Carina got right up to the edge of cumming, Jan pushed Carina's large breasts together so the nipples were almost touching, and did the same head shake I was doing, her tongue flicking across both nipples.

Carina grabbed my hair and thrust up with her hips while clenching my head between her surprisingly strong thighs. In between pants for breath she said things in Hawaiian that, given the context, I assumed meant something along the lines of "Fuck! Fuck! I'm cumming, Haole Boy!" the sometimes pejorative word "haole" coming out as "Howw-leee" in her sexy thick Hawaiian accent.

At which point Carina dispelled what I had thought were urban myths about the existence of squirters, as musky fluid pulsed out of her pussy, flooding my face and dripping down my chin, soaking the bath towels she had laid down on the grey paisley comforter earlier in anticipation of this event.

As her orgasm subsided, I extricated myself from the grip of her thighs, stood up, and pushed her onto her back while flinging her ankles onto my shoulders. I sunk my aching hard cock into her soaking wet pussy and started fucking her hard and fast. Jan began sucking and biting one of my nipples, at first gently, but quickly escalating to painfully hard bites.

"Ow! The fuck?" I felt my cock soften a bit and the imminent orgasm recede. I slowed the pace of my thrusts.

Jan grinned up at me, unrepentant. "Hey, that's how I like it. Plus, I don't want you to cum until you do me." She narrowed her lovely almond shaped brown eyes, then leaned back invitingly, slowly spreading her legs apart. She had the signs of a hardcore surfer:

abraded dark brown skin on the points of her slim hip bones, from that skin rubbing against the surfboard while paddling out to the waves, and strong, muscular shoulders and pecs to propel the board while paddling.

Jan grinned at me. "Sooo ... what's your favorite position?"

I stopped thrusting, staring at her, my eyebrows raised.

I pulled out of Carina and put my hand on the back of Jan's neck. She took the hint and used her expert lips and tongue on just the head and a bit of the shaft until I was rock hard again. Then I grabbed her and flipped her over. She scrambled into doggy style position, her tiny hard brown cheeks framing black pussy lips with just a trace of the pinkness inside visible, and looked over her shoulder with a smouldering Come Fuck Me look.

So I did.

I fucked her like a maniac, grabbing and yanking back a handful of her short black hair, still a bit damp from the shower, and one of her slim, almost anorexic hipbones. I thrust between her wet black cunt lips while she wriggled and bucked back in rhythm with my strokes, almost knocking me off balance with the vigor of her body slamming into me, fucking like she was addicted to sex and I was her pusher man. Her tunnel was tight and silky smooth and slick, and she made high pitched moans, "unh unngh uhnn!" sounds almost like she was in pain, but with just the right pitch to convey that she was more likely cumming almost continuously. Carina watched with fascination as I pounded away, then got into doggy style position right next to Jan, her big sexy butt swaying temptingly as she bumped hips with Jan.

I felt like the luckiest man in the world, being presented with that choice, and though I felt my orgasm building and it was so tempting to cum right away inside Jan, I wanted to try both. So I pulled out of Jan and roughly shoved it back inside Carina's wet cunt. I yanked her hair hard and spanked her ass. She fucked back with her perfect inverted heart shaped butt, but with the opposite of Jan's style, taking it slow and soft like we had all the time in the world to savor this moment. Her phat booty and thick thighs jiggled and bounced with each collision of our bodies, mesmerizing me with the voluptuous waves of her curves responding to my lust. Then I reached under her body and appreciatively grasped and squeezed the lovely plumpness of her breasts and belly, her skin warm against mine, her cunt wet and hot and slippery. Meanwhile Jan had gotten behind me and jokingly dry humped me in time with my thrusts into Carina, shoving her hips into me so her soft straight pussy hair erotically bumped into my ass with each stroke, laughing and saying, "Take it. Take it, bitch."

As I approached the point of no return, I grabbed hold of the lovely soft padding over Carina's hips, and my lower belly smacked into the plump yielding flesh of her buttocks over and over. Then Carina looked over her shoulder at me with a lustful, Wanting It look in her beautiful brown eyes while Jan reached down and brushed her hand over the hair on my balls, a surprisingly gentle caress, and then lightly squeezed my balls.

And that's when I came. I came about as hard as I'd ever cum in my life, moaning and grunting while spurting all the cum I could deep inside Carina's receptive slippery pussy. Jan, behind me, mocked me by repeating those noises in a fake deep voice parodying my primal animal groans, causing Carina to shake with silent mirth.

Finally spent, I collapsed on Carina's back, gasping for breath and kissing her spine. She lowered herself flat on the bed, and I rolled off and spooned into her from the side. Jan cuddled up on the other side of Carina, planting a kiss on her lips and then raising her head to get a lingering kiss from me too as my breath slowly returned.

"Wow," I said. "Just wow."

From the closet, I faintly heard Robert mutter through the gag something like, "Mmm H'ry guh ..."

I closed my eyes as the post-cum sleepiness kicked in, and cuddled closer to Carina and her sexy butt. I felt some slickness on my thigh from my cum oozing out of her pussy, and reached around to cup one of Carina's big soft breasts and one of Jan's sexy little breasts. I mumbled into the long black hair covering Carina's neck, "We should let Robert out at some point, you know."

"Hmmh," Carina said. "Robert who?"

Jan, possibly still doing the mocking thing, squeezed my pec and rubbed my nipple on about a two second time delay to what I was doing to her breast. "Hey, Harry?"

"Mm?"

"I like pillow talk as much as the next person, but this pussy ain't gonna lick itself."