 It had only been a week since I had last been in town but you can bet making a stop at Bully's was one of the first things I did. My hope was to see Wanda again but I had no such luck. Having finally completed the required business meetings for the day, I was tired but was still hoping to see her again so I went back for dinner. Joe was tending bar and when he delivered my drink I asked if he had recently seen Wanda. He said he hadn't but he knew sometimes her and her friends went to 'The Fish Bone' for drinks. 

Seeing the puzzled look on my face Joe gave me directions on how to get there. I thanked him and when the server came to the bar I placed my dinner order. After enjoying a delicious meal, I sat sipping my double Scotch and then decided to try and find this Fish Bone place. Before I left I ordered a cheesecake with a side of strawberries and some whipped cream to take back to my room for a snack later - I always get the 'need to gnaw' on something after I go drinking. 

Since my motel was on the way to Fish Bone it worked out well and I easily found the place after I stopped and stashed the cheesecake and toppings in the fridge. The place was packed and larger than I anticipated. After buying a drink at the bar I strolled around with the hope of finding Wanda. I thought I had seen her car in the parking lot but I wasn't certain. 

After I walked around the place for several minutes, I was ready to give up and go to my motel room. Then, by pure luck, I saw her! She had her back to me but I'd recognize that soft, long hair anywhere! I walked up behind her and in one quick move, I moved her hair aside and kissed her on the back of her neck. I thought she was going belt me one as she jumped to her feet and turned quickly to face me. Oh my god! This lady wasn't Wanda but she could be a clone of her.

"Whooo-Hoooo!" her friends at the table all yelled in unison. 

"Kick his ass! Kick his ass up to his ears!" came the suggestion from a very attractive lady at the table. 

"Who the hell are you?" this tall, sexy lady said loudly and with unmistakable irritation in her voice. She was staring me square in the eye. "You some perverted jackass or what??" she asked in a lower volume but with the same disgusted tone. I wanted to die before she killed me! 

"Oh! I'm REALLY sorry! You looked like Wanda," I finally managed to explain. I found it odd, but most of her anger seemed to quickly diminish. 

"Go ahead Wendy! Put his ass up a few feet!!" called the sexy reddish haired lady at the table and that got everyone except this sensual breathtaking beauty and myself hysterically laughing. 

I looked at the sumptuous woman who was trying to get me either evicted from the place or have my anatomy rearranged in ways I didn't care for. Automatically my eyes scanned over her and I wondered what she'd be like in bed. She certainly was sexy! Those legs she partially hid under her skirt made my blood pressure and the skin covered bridge to sexual elation I hid in my pants both rise simultaneously. My bet is she'd be a wildcat!

My mind snapped back to the current situation.

"Wendy?!?!" I repeated silently in my head. "What the hell's going on?" I wondered to myself. I knew this tall, sensuous fox standing in front of me definitely wasn't Wanda, but the resemblance was uncanny. Then I saw a small but very sexy smile appeared on the face of this beauty in front of me. 

"I'm Wanda's sister, Wendy," she said as she slid her chair over and offered me a place between her and the lady that had just moments before been rooting for my ass to be relocated somewhere above my shoulders. "This is my dear friend, Sue," said Wendy as she introduced me to the "warrior-wanna-be". 

Not being one to know when to keep my mouth shut, I looked at Sue. "You gonna get your briefs in a bunch if I sit beside you?" I asked with a smug grin. 

Her eyes locked on mine and she stared at me for several seconds. "Won't happen," she said as she picked up her drink and took a sip, still looking at me intently. "I'm not wearing any!" she said with a roar of laughter that was amplified as the other ladies at the table, including Wendy, roared with laughter as well. As I sat down in the chair Wendy had so graciously obtained for me, I leaned toward Sue and said, "Neither am I!" 

"Whoo-Hoooo ladies!!" Sue immediately shouted, lifting her drink high in the air. "We have a 'Commando Cowboy' in our midst tonight!" 

Everyone at the table, including me, howled with laughter as she mimicked riding a galloping horse. I turned to look at Wendy. She was really a beauty! Dark eyes, perfectly sexy nose, full and inviting lips, and that hair! Oh my God, that hair!! My fingers could spend weeks wandering around in that! 

Feeling an elbow annoying me by poking me in my arm, I turned to Sue, whom I knew was trying to get my attention. "Don't think you're gonna sweep her off her feet and ride her into the sunset," she said trying to look very stern. 

I grinned as my mental tape replayed that. 'Ride her into the sunset'. That sounded mighty intriguing but I wasn't sure if she had meant to say it that way or not. I was pondering if I should draw attention to the possible error made by her, but didn't have a chance to say a word. 

"She and I arrive together, and we leave together. Got it?" Sue said emphatically enough I knew she was serious. "And... just who the hell are you anyway? You never did answer that question!" 

"My name is Art," I answered as politely as I could. "I'm a friend of Wanda's." 

"You're Art?" I heard Wendy say from my left side. As I turned to face her to reply, Sue leaned over and whispered in my right ear, "we know about the beach." 

(If you're wondering about that comment, read my "A Walk With Wanda" story.)

I turned back to look at Sue who was now grinning at me. She winked at me. 

Let me tell ya - there's been very few times in my life when my brain just totally shut down, but it decided this particular moment was perfect to do just that. With nothing to say as a response to Sue, I turned to Wendy and asked if she knew whether or not Wanda was going to be here tonight. 

"No, you're stuck with me, her Sis" she said as she took a sip from her drink. When her lips wrapped around that sip stick, any doubt that the two of them weren't sisters vanished instantly. My cock got as hard and as quickly from watching Wendy slide the sip stick between her lips as when I had watched Wanda do the same thing. 

"By the way," I leaned over and whispered to Wendy, "I certainly don't consider it being 'stuck'. I'm quite happy to be here with you." 

She looked down, obviously embarrassed. "Thank you," she whispered. I found the courage to take a huge chance. Perhaps my raging erection influenced me, perhaps the alcohol was doing it's trick, but I leaned over and lightly kissed her on the cheek. She didn't seem to mind.

For the next several hours the drinks flowed fast and we were all becoming 'comfortably numb' as the old Pink Floyd song said. I couldn't believe it but here I was, sitting between two of the most beautiful and sexy women I had seen for a long, long time, and at the table were four other attractive ladies as well.

I was having a blast with this group of ladies and last call was announced way too soon for my liking. When the server came to the table, I ordered one up and two down for all seven of us at the table. When it came time that we had to leave, I heard Wendy ask Sue if there was any place open where we could go for some cheesecake. I waited for the reply. 

"No Luv, everything started closing early this week, remember?" Sue answered her with. Without the luxury of a sober brain for my usage, I tend to get a little less inhibited. My arm went easily around Wendy's waist.

"My god girl! You ain't got an ounce of fat on you!!" I exclaimed as my hand rubbed over her thin and firm waistline. "You need something to eat and it just so happens I have an entire cheesecake from Bully's in my hotel room at this very minute!" I said in my 'Jerry Lee Lewis' style. Her eyes sparkled and that glorious, seductive smile appeared once again as she looked at me.

"You're not serious!?" the emphatic question drifted to my ear on the sweet voice of this angel I had my arm around.

"I don't tease ladies," I said. Then I added with a wink, "well, not about cheesecake!" 

"Hey! You remember the rule, don't ya Mister Commando Man?" Sue asked me, obviously thinking I was trying to bullshit my way into Wendy's pants.

"About the two of you (I pointed in the vicinity of Wendy who was still tightly held in my arm) never splitting up at night?" I asked as soberly as I could muster. 

"That's the one!" Sue exclaimed with a smile that made me think she was proud of me for remembering it. 

"So what the hell!?!?" I said. "Let's all three go attack that cheesecake!" I stated as I raised my hand, trying to point my finger like the soldiers always did in those old western movies when they were charging to battle. 

Soon the three of us were in my hotel room and I was preparing the cheesecake, topping it with strawberries and a dab of whipped topping when I heard Wendy say something to Sue. 

"Go ahead! I'm sure he won't care!" was Sue's reply. Wondering what might be the topic involved, I turned in time to see Wendy, who had been wearing a three piece pants suit that made her look incredibly sexy, removing her pants and laying them on top of the jacket she had removed earlier. 

Unable to prevent myself from staring at her long legs which were now fully exposed to my grateful eyes, my gaze roamed slowly over all of her sensual body. From her toes to her head I saw nothing but pure enticement. The perfect proportions of her calves. The sensual gentle broadening of her thighs. The full, gentle curves of her breasts. Her satin smooth skin. 

Everything about her made me want to kiss every inch of her and my cock was totally out of control inside my pants. It was repeatedly throwing itself against the zipper, trying to break through it like a hero in a chick flick breaks through the door to save the damsel in distress.

Wendy looked up and saw me staring at her. "I hope you don't mind. They were bothering me all night," she said with the cutest look on her face as a slight blush made her cheeks a bit more rosy, increasing her sexiness - something I thought impossible. "They made my legs itchy," she added as an afterthought.

"They were bothering me too! They were hiding those legs from me!" I said as I winked at Wendy. "And I'll take care of them anytime you want," I told her as I noticed Sue stand up. I watched in pleasure filled amazement as she removed her skirt. 

Sue glanced at me, then Wendy, then back at me and started chuckling as she said, "Hey! If she can be like that, so can I, right?!" 

I was in delightful sexual shock for a few moments as I surveyed Sue's equally appealing and sexy legs. "Absolutely!" I finally whole-heartedly agreed as I tried to see if Sue did or did not have anything else on her lower half. Even with a healthy buzz, I can remember SOME things!!

Her blouse was too long for me to tell so I turned and went about trying to get the cheesecake served. I heard them giggling. I've learned that when two girls say something quietly and then giggle, it's usually trouble for the guy. Well, I figured that I was the target of their plot.

"When are you taking your pants off?" Wendy asked as I handed her the plate with her cheesecake on it. I just looked at her. She was sitting on one of two chairs near the window and I couldn't help but stare for several seconds at those enticing legs of hers. Sue was seated on the other chair and I was taking mental pictures of the incredibly sexy legs both of these ladies have. 

"I really don't think you two want me to take them off," was my honest answer as I handed Sue her cheesecake. "I told you - I'm not wearing any underwear - I normally don't - I hate 'em!" continued my answer as I returned to the counter and got my plate. When I turned around a few seconds later I saw both of them had stripped and were standing there looking as hot as half fucked foxes in a forest fire!

"We're all friends here, right?" Sue asked as she folded her blouse and laid it down on top of her skirt. Standing there with these two extraordinarily beautiful women nude in front of me, my zipper was again being given the burst test.

"Incredible!" I mumbled as I savored every inch of both of them with my eyes. They both had equally fit and shapely bodies. Wendy was several inches taller than Sue, and even taller than me, but tall women turn me on as well. 

Oh shit! Who am I trying to kid?

Any woman that looks as good as either of these two would turn me on! Wouldn't matter if they were four or seven feet tall!

I heard Wendy saying, "Any guy that has strawberry cheesecake ready for us deserves a little thank you, don't ya think?" 

Focusing my gaze back on Wendy for a moment, I quickly imagined 77 ways she could thank me. 

(Why specifically 77 you ask? Well, it's one of my favorite sexual positions. It's the same as 69 but I get ate (eight) more!)

"Hey! Your turn, Commando Man!" I heard Sue say as she motioned for me to drop my drawers. I sat my plate on a nearby chair and removed my shirt. As I started to loosen my slacks, I got an urge to be a clown.

I started dancing around like I was the star of the Chippendale performers. The girls were howling with laughter as I danced around the room, humping all the invisible girls I encountered on my travel around the bed. After I had danced my way back to the center of the room, they were still laughing hysterically until the second when I dropped my slacks to the floor.

As I exposed myself, the room fell silent and still. The only movement for several seconds was from my cock. It was bobbing up and down as rapidly as a diving board after launching a fat man into a pool.

"Oh my God!" I heard Wendy whisper as she eyed my thick, hard cock. She crawled over the bed toward me. Sue, who was also eyeing my full erection, obviously approved of what she saw as she stood up and walked toward me. 

"The hell with the cheesecake!" I heard Wendy say just a split second before her soft, warm fingers wrapped around my throbbing flesh. Her lips touched the tip ever so lightly and I felt like I could cum right then! Her touch was astonishing. 

"Can you handle both of us at once?" Sue asked as she squatted down and gently cupped my shaved balls in her hand. I've never been in a threesome and was temporarily overwhelmed by the thought of simultaneously enjoying these two sexy goddesses. I was in a horny man's heaven!! 

"I'll damn sure try," was the only answer I could manage as Wendy slid my thickness deep in her mouth. The delight Wendy was giving me was amazing. Sue stood up and moved tight against me, pressing her firm, full breasts into me as my arm went around her. 

I moved my hand down to feel her shapely ass and I was delirious from the pleasures that sexy soft mound of flesh gave me. Sliding my hand around to her crotch I discovered Sue had a very wet pussy as my finger slipped easily between her smooth, puffy lips. 

After a while the two of them decided to change places. I was now treated to Sue taking care of my thick cock while my fingers explored, and added to, the wetness Wendy had between her legs. 

It didn't take long for us to end up on the California-King bed which offered us many possibilities due to the large size. They had me flat on my back and almost instantly I had Sue treating me to an even more erotic blowjob while Wendy treated my tongue to her nectar. As my tongue licked rapidly in the wetness of Wendy's pussy, my hands glided over those fantastic thighs and ass that entrapped my head. 

Sue decided to take a ride on my erection and it was pure heaven as her wet tightness swallowed me. Slowly taking my full length in her snug, warm pussy, she put her hands on Wendy's shoulders for balance and rode me hard, showering my scrotum several times with her releases of pleasure.

I had enjoyed several bountiful servings of the sweet honey Wendy surrendered to me and was getting closer to my own climax. Sue was well aware of that by the way my cock was swelling thicker and throbbing faster inside of her satin lined body.

Instead of them waiting for me to come down from my perch near the top of the Cum-Cum tree I was in, they chose instead to begin working on my throbbing tower of flesh as soon as Sue got off.

With an astute awareness to my reactions they discovered that if they both licked at me, from base to tip, I just about went into orbit so they joined forces and took my cock as if they were a platoon of soldiers trying to subdue a rebel force.

Trust me, with my hands being able to run over the silky skin of these two vixens as they licked at me, it took very few licks to get at what was in the center of my tootsie roll. As I teetered on the razor sharp edge between just ejaculating and exploding, they continued with their tongues. 

"Oh sh-h-h-h-i-i-i-i-i-t-t-t-t!" I moaned as the door to my cum vault was obliterated by the dynamite of their tongues. My cum shot high in the air and showered down on the three of us like thick raindrops. They stroked and licked at my cock until I thought I'd pass out from pleasure. 

"Oh my god!" I gasped as one of them dipped my tip into their mouth. The warm firmness of those lips sent earthquake sized tremors of pleasure through me. "Yes! Oh my god yes!!" I yelled in sheer and total delight as they milked even more from within me by treating me to both of them running their lips up and down my slowly softening cock. 

When my cock was totally drained of life and temporarily laying limp and lifeless on my pubic hair, they laid down, one on each side of me. My hands could once again enjoy the full sexiness of their naked bodies as their breasts pushed tight against me and they rested their heads on my shoulders and hands on my chest. 

After we all took some time to recuperate a bit, the three of us headed to the shower. It was a tight fit but it made it even more enjoyable for me - I was the filling for their shower sandwich! During the shower they invited me to join them in their morning jog but I had to decline due to a meeting I had scheduled. I promised them I'd join them the next morning.

Once we all had gotten dried off and dressed, the two dream ladies were combing their hair as I sat on the edge of the bed, sad to see our time together ending. "So we'll see you tomorrow, Luv?" Sue asked as she came over and sat down beside me.

"You bet you will!" I confirmed, stealing one more feel of her leg. Wendy now had seated herself on the other side of me and I was again, the thorn between two roses. 

Minutes flew like seconds and all too soon they were walking toward the door. Sue turned and gave me a long, wonderful hug. "See you tomorrow," she whispered as we kissed one last time before she stepped out into the hallway.

Wendy was now hugging me and I was shocked by what she whispered in my ear - "Would you join me for dinner tonight?"

I squeezed her a little tighter. "I'd love too!"

We hugged a little longer and my hands enjoyed one more trip over her firm and shapely body. "Call me around two and we'll decide about dinner," Wendy softly whispered as she kissed my cheek.

With that, Wendy walked out into the hall and the three of us headed toward the exit. With me being as horny as I am, I walked behind them. You know it! I was checking out the inviting ass they each had and was hoping I'd be able to enjoy these two living sexual fantasies again real soon.

Stopping at the curb, I stood and watched them as they went to the car. "You two behave - unless you're with me," I said as I smiled at them. "Then you can be as bad as you want!!" 
