 We'd been fooling around on the sand for a while when we saw her paddling towards the secluded beach in the weathered old kayak. Deep ebony skin, waist-length hair that was braided to prevent it tangling. Lithe but curvaceous, with a bright lime green bikini with black strings, clearly designed to emphasise the full breasts they presented more than covered. It would have needed an acre of fabric to cover those fabulous breasts and ass.

Jenny, my fiancée, caught me staring. "Wipe that drool from your chin, honey."

"Sorry babe. I was staring, wasn't I."

"Uh-huh." She sat up on the beach, and followed my gaze. "Damn, though."

"I know, right!"

We watched her drag the kayak onto the fine white sand, over the other side of the private bay. She gave no sign of having seen us, but we must have been plainly visible. She just concentrated on gathering driftwood from the tide line and other dry wood scraps from the forest's edge. We looked on in appreciation as she used a flick-knife from the boat to make some thin shavings, then effortlessly lit them with sparks from another tool. She built a pyramid of tinder-dry kindling and then logs over the flames, and soon there was a roaring campfire burning away. She turned, pushed the kayak back out into the water, and paddled away.

Her body was magical to watch; every movement efficient and beautiful. As she'd leant over, the bikini struggled to contain her swinging breasts. The cords of the G-string briefs and bikini were black, and so from behind she appeared completely naked. As she bent over to push the kayak back into the sea, she presented us with the perfect view of her luscious ass.

"You're thinking about fucking her, aren't you," Jenny accused me. It was pointless to deny it; the kayak girl was an ebony goddess. I looked at Jenny, eyebrow raised. I knew her, very well, and she admitted what I already suspected. "Yeah, okay, you're right. I'm thinking about fucking her too. God, what an ass."

"Really? My eyes didn't get down that far," I joked. She swatted at me, playfully.

"I can be your little island girl, if you like," she said with a wry smile. "Teach me your western ways of love, Mr Stranger," she said, pulling me down on top of her.

///

The day I met Jenny must have been the luckiest in my life. A chance meeting at a social event, and I'd found my soulmate - someone who 'got' me, who was interested in me for me and not for my money. That she was as dirty and playful as I could ever have hoped was such a marvellous change from the stuck-up bitches my parents had sent my way; and it helped that we had a similar taste in women. She'd regularly point out hotties to me, and we'd delight in sharing notes about them and what we'd want to do to them. Several memorable encounters had followed from one or both of us seducing another woman into our bed for an evening, or a weekend.

We'd come away for a couple of weeks to celebrate our engagement, to an exclusive resort in the Seychelles I knew about through the grapevine. It was so remote, so exclusive, that we'd had to take a jet, then a prop-seaplane and finally a boat to get to the island. Privacy and discretion were assured, and the private apartments were far enough apart that even Jenny's wild screaming wouldn't alert anyone else to our adventures.

That first night in the resort, we didn't even make it out of our room. I called down to reception for some appropriate supplies. It had been a long day of travelling, trapped in other people's company, and we'd had our hands off each other for too long. Suitcases dumped just inside the door, we ignored everything else, found the bedroom, and went for each other.

Jenny tapped my head, and I came up for air.

"I think room service has arrived," she said. "You'll have to go, I'm a little tied up at the moment." I'm sure she could have pulled free of the silk scarves if she wanted, but that would have spoiled the game.

"Sorry, I couldn't hear anything with your thighs against my ears," I explained. I rose, wrapped a nearby robe around myself, and went to open the door. A native girl, quite pretty and very busty, pushed the trolley through into the living space. My eyes were drawn to her impressive chest - the uniform's blouse was straining at the buttons, and I could peek through the gap to the bounty inside. Her nametag, somewhat implausibly, declared her name to be Kate.

"You sign?" she presented me with the tab, and I autographed it for her. As I passed it back to her, I noticed she'd been looking towards the bedroom, where Jenny was on full display.

"Enjoy your evening, sir," said 'Kate', with a wink. I watched her fine ass sway out of the door, then took the dessert plates straight through to the bedroom.

"Strawberries and cream, how terribly English of you," Jenny remarked.

"I'd turn a few heads eating them like this at Wimbledon," I said, spooning a generous amount of cream onto her breasts, before proceeding to eat it back off. The coolness of the cream made her nipples stand to attention, all the more sensitive for my warm lips and tongue to tease.

The fruit I let pool in her lap; there was plenty of cream for them down there.

"I hear strawberries make your cum taste sweeter," she noted. "We must check that out later."

"I'll hold you to it."

///

A couple of days later, we decided to explore the surroundings. Jenny was very much a morning-sex person, and she dragged me off the path into the woodland round the edge of the resort. I held her legs while she leant back against a tree, and we brought each other in the relative privacy of the forest, with the sound of the native wildlife chirping all around us. We'd pushed on through the woodland, to find a secluded beach beyond, not directly accessible from the resort, and completely deserted. I put the cooler down, and we both leant against it, looking out at the crystal-clear pale blue water while laying on thick fluffy beach towels.

It wasn't long before Jenny had removed her swimwear and lay naked, sunning herself in the privacy of this undiscovered bay, and warming me too. I drizzled cool sun cream across her back, and ran my hands over her. I knelt astride her waist and massaged her shoulders, working out a few kinks, before sliding my hands further down, teasing the side of her breasts as I worked down towards her hips. Then I turned, working her legs, caressing her feet and sliding my creamed fingers between her toes. Her feet were very sensitive, and I knew how much she loved them being touched.

I worked my hands back up her legs, onto her thighs. She parted her legs, eagerly, and I slid my hands up further to caress her magnificent arse. As I worked her glutes, she pulled her knees wide and raised herself from the towel. My fingers were inside her, warm and wet and waiting.

"God, what you do to me," she said, smiling. I shuffled forwards on my knees and slowly slipped inside her, my hands on her hips to calm the pace. Long, smooth strokes; we had all day. What could be more perfect than making love to a beautiful woman on a paradise island?

Toying with her clit while I worked my whole length in and out of her, it wasn't long before her breath shortened, and she came, cursing and praising. I slowed the pace so she could catch her breath again, and went to roll her onto her back.

"No chance, I'm on top," she insisted. "No way am I getting sand in me."

Fair enough. I didn't fancy spending the week with my privates raw from abrasion burns either. Girl-on-top suited me just fine, a great view and I could watch her face while we fucked. I laid down and let her climb on board.

The only other person we saw all morning was the kayak girl. She was paddling back into the bay by the time Jenny and I had finished each other off. Lazily we pulled our costumes back on, since she was heading back for our beach. Once more she pulled the kayak up onto the sand behind her, and headed over to her fire which had died down considerably. She took a frame from the kayak and erected it over the embers, and placed a pan on top. Then she took a couple of fish from the boat - freshly caught and gutted at sea - and began to fry them there on the beach. She turned to us, and beckoned us over.

"Now that's the life," Jenny said. "Catching your own food, cooking it in the open. Sexy and resourceful, what's not to like?"

"You've got it bad," I noted, and - thinking we shouldn't wander over empty-handed - reached into the cooler for a few beers to take over. She watched us approach, but with half an eye on the fish.

"Sorry to disturb you," said the fisher-girl.

"Not at all. Those smell amazing, did you catch them?"

"Yes. Out there," she waved vaguely round the headland. "Fish is good here. Plenty. You like?"

"Thank you very much. Beer?"

"Merci."

We ate the fish using our fingers, using silver foil from a roll she had as makeshift plates. She continued cooking, there was quite a bucketful in the kayak. "For my family," she explained. "Must cook fresh, or it will go bad." She lay the cooked fish on the foil, and wrapped them after they'd cooled.

Her English may have been halting, but it was better than my French would ever be. In patois that was part English, part French and some local creole, she told us her story - of how she'd managed to get employment at the resort, to help earn money to support her family. The wages were low by Western standards, but it was enough to keep them afloat, with her mother also cleaning at the resort. It was only when she introduced herself as Kate that I realised where I'd seen her before.

"I'm so sorry, I have such a poor memory for faces. And you were wearing a lot more, the last time I saw you."

"Yes. That shitty uniform, I hate it. But your wife, she wears now much more than when I last saw her!"

Jenny was not one to be easily embarrassed, but that made her blush. I didn't want to spoil the moment by clarifying we weren't married. Kate waved her discomfort aside.

"No, please. Sex is normal, is healthy. Is part of life. Love freely and enjoy being young!"

A sentiment we were happy to subscribe to.

We sat, and chatted, on the beach for the best part of the afternoon, polishing off the beers and snacks I'd dragged from the minibar. We laughed, and swapped stories. We came from different worlds, but people are people. Jenny fired up a playlist on her phone, and we listened, and danced. But all too soon, Kate had to leave. "I must go, and take the fish to my family. I hope to see you again!"

"You know where to find us," Jenny called out, watching Kate's fabulous ass sashay back to the kayak. "Damn, she's so fine."

"Mmmm," I agreed, shaking my head to try to free it from the memory of her magnificent breasts all but escaping from her bikini. "She sure was."

///

That evening, we were just wondering which restaurant to try out, when we heard a knocking at the patio doors. It was Kate, in a loose flowing brown-patterned dress, hair pinned up, carrying a basket.

"Good evening," I said, opening the door. Kate smiled, lighting up her whole face, as she stepped inside. She reached into the basket and pulled out a bottle.

"You like rum?" Not really a question. She laid out three shot glasses on the counter and had poured out a measure into each before we really had an opportunity to comment. "This is good. Is local."

Jenny picked hers up, uncertain, and sniffed at it. I went to take a sip. "No," Kate said. "We drink together, all of it."

I raised an eyebrow, but held my glass and waited. "3, 2, 1, Go!" and we slammed the fiery liquid. I coughed, not expecting quite that burn. The women laughed.

We had another shot, and another, and then the rum didn't taste so bad. The conversation flowed, as it had on the beach, like we were old friends. Kate's eyes sparkled, and I realised she as flirting with me. Or rather, with us - she was as free with touching Jenny's arm as she was my hand, and I caught them checking each other out. This, I thought, was going to get interesting.

I didn't have to wait long.

"I hate air conditioning. I am going outside to the spa." Kate stood, and turned for the door. Night had fallen, and the soft lighting made the patio are look quite enticing. As she walked through the suite, Kate pushed the straps of her dress off her shoulders, and let the material slide down her voluptuous body and drop to the floor. Jenny and I watched, mouths agape, as she walked naked through the patio doors and out onto the veranda. Kate looked back over her shoulder, with a coy but knowing smile. "Will you join me?"

"Rather forward," Jenny said. "I like it!" With which she pulled the thin top she was wearing over her head, and started off after Kate, unclipping her bra along the way and tossing it aside. I followed in their wake, struggling out of my shorts and snatching up the half-full bottle of rum, in time to watch the women stepping down into the bubble spa.

The women were giggling at each other, feeling deliciously naughty, or just finding my bouncing semi-erect cock comical as I walked over the decking towards them. I had a great view of two pairs of tits jostling and shimmering in the bubble jets. I stepped down into the warm water and took a seat opposite the women, who were sat side by side.

"Well, isn't this nice," I said, taking a swig from the bottle and passing it around.

It didn't take long for the conversation to take a turn.

"Nudity isn't much of a taboo here, then?" Jenny asked.

"No. It is as I said on the beach. Sex is a normal and healthy part of life." She continued on this theme for a while; as she was talking, I felt a foot stroking up my calf. I glanced over at Jenny, but she was giving nothing away, focused entirely on the discussion with Kate.

"All love is good. If people make each other happy, how can anyone else complain?"

The foot worked its way up my leg, and soon enough was in my lap, stroking my aching cock. I looked down, and saw that it was a dark-skinned foot - Kate's foot. I smiled, and stole another glance at Jenny. I didn't think she'd noticed; and besides, I'm sure I saw her hand in her own lap, stroking herself.

"Yeah," I said. "Whatever goes on in private between a man and a woman is their own business, as long as nobody is getting hurt."

Jenny gave me a look; she knew me well enough to realise this was a test for Kate. Fortunately, she passed. "Not just a man and a woman. Any people. Any number of people, too."

"Well, of course," I replied. I noticed that the women had changed positions, leaning towards each other slightly. Was I imagining it, or were they now stroking each other, under the water where they thought maybe I couldn't see? "What man doesn't enjoy a bit of girl-on-girl action?"

Jenny gave me another look - a desperate pleading look.

"Well, would you look at that, we're all out of booze," I said, waving the now empty rum bottle. "I'll just pop inside and grab some things from the minibar."

Jenny was not shy, but she preferred to work alone to get things started. I stood, wrapped a towel round my waist - more to prevent myself soaking the floor of the apartment than to cover any modesty I might have left - and went inside.

While pottering around indoors, waiting for my hard-on to subside so I could take a piss, I glanced back out to the veranda. Jenny was kneeling on the seat of the jacuzzi, leaning over Kate, and they were French kissing so deeply it seemed the intended to consume each other from the face down. Kate had spread her legs wide, enabling Jenny to furiously finger her pussy; in return Kate was sliding her hand up Jenny's thigh, and slipped two fingers into her while stroking her clit with her thumb. I looked away, to the protest of my cock but the delight of my straining bladder.

Once relieved, I scooped up more supplies from the bar and headed back outside. The soft lighting from the suite warmed the bare wooden veranda. The underwater lighting cast blue-white ripples around the alcove in which the sunken spa lay. In profile, I saw the silhouette of Jenny sitting on the side of the spa, leaning back on her elbows, head tossed back and eyes closed. As I got closer, I saw Kate laying across the water, ass cheeks bobbing out of the spray, with her head planted between Jenny's thighs, sealed together lips to lips. Hearing those pleasing, whimpering, begging noises coming from my fiancée had my cock straight back to full attention. I stood in the doorway for a moment, enjoying the scene. Nothing gave me greater enjoyment than watching her being taken over by pleasure.

"Oh fuck, you're good," she said breathlessly. Kate's eyes smiled, but she didn't let up. One of her arms was under the water, clearly moving but whether over Jenny's ass or her own pussy I couldn't tell.

Jenny looked over at me, at my cock, eyes burning. "I need you," she demanded. "I need to taste you." Experience had shown me the more her groin was being worked over, the hornier she got, and the better head she gave. I dragged over a low stool and sat beside her; my dick vanished between her lips and she went straight balls-deep into her throat, gagging but desperate to have as much of me inside her as there was to take, eating me like she was starving,

I reached down to grasp one of her breasts; the cool air had worked over her damp skin to leave goose bumps and nipples that could cut glass. As I stroked the warm flesh, stroking over her nipples and watching them bounce back to attention, I calmed her mouth over my cock into a slower, more pleasurable soft rhythm. I could feel her whimpering round my dick. I looked down to the source of Jenny's pleasure. Kate was watching Jenny suck me off, stroking her own pussy as she licked and sucked at Jenny's clit. Then she looked me in the eye, and we held each other's gaze. You're next, she seemed to be saying. I saw her heavy breasts swinging in the bubbles, and couldn't wait.

A combination of the sex talk through the evening, the rum, and the sight of two horny naked women in front of me was becoming too much. I started to feel that familiar pressure building in my balls. And I could hear Jenny's whimpering getting more intense. She pushed her head hard into my lap, forcing my cock down her throat and blocking her breathing. She held herself there, knuckles white on the poolside, throat constricting round my head, as the orgasm crashed over her - and started to bring me, too. Desperate for air, she pulled her face off my dick and screamed her delight to the stars. But I was cumming, and she flicked my cock so that it splashed over her face, over her chest, down her body... And over Kate's face and chest, who was getting up, her work at Jenny's loins now done.

"Look what your man has done," she said, leaning over Jenny's face. She trailed her fingers up Jenny's thighs. "He has made a mess. I do not clean mess on my day off." She slipped a finger inside Jenny; I knew how tight she got after oral, and knew Kate could feel her coming down from the orgasm, pussy still twitching in waves of pleasure. "Clean me," she ordered, offering Jenny a cum-splattered breast, which my fiancée took with gratitude. Kate leant forwards, and I reached over, and we were kissing. I could taste Jenny's juices on her lips and tongue, that intoxicating scent that never failed to drive me wild. She reached out with her spare hand and wrapped it delicately around my softening cock, stroking it gently with her thumb.

Jenny finished licking my cum from Kate's body, and then started scooping the remains from her own. As she pulled her fingers up to her mouth, Kate dived onto them and sucked the creamy digits into her own mouth. Kate winked at me.

"Let's take this indoors," I suggested, "where we can be more comfortable."

///

Kate lay on her back on the king-sized bed, head propped on a pillow, ass on the edge, with her legs over Jenny's shoulders. Jenny knelt on the floor, hands on Kate's waist, tongue scooping nectar from Kate's pussy and teasing Kate's clit with her lips.
