 Part 1

Tricia felt herself becoming moist as she looked at the cute looking guy staring back at her from the bar. She had been in Invercargill for a short time and had met up with other young travellers at the hostel where she was staying. Tonight they were out drinking at a bar near the waterfront. Dinner had been had along with some drinks and the night was feeling mellow and relaxed. 

She had noticed the young guy earlier and they had been exchanging glances since then. Something was happening. His complexion was swarthy, he could have been Maori. He was average height with a solid looking build, dark hair that covered his ears, strong shoulders and upper body, like he exercised or did hard work. He was dressed in a grey T shirt that clung to his body and hung over the belt of his jeans also clinging to his body and she found herself lingering her appraisal of him around his cock and balls which was a particular feature of her attention. He smiled at her as she caught his eyes again. This trip to New Zealand was becoming quite interesting.

He was walking towards her where she sat with her companions from the hostel. He looked at her up and down as he approached. She was wearing tight jeans, buttoned blouse under a light waist length jacket, zip up black boots. Some of her friends had got up and were dancing and moving to a Paul Kelly song playing over the sound system. 

'Would you like to dance?' He said to her as she looked up at his brown eyes smiling down at her. She reached out and took his offered hand,

'Yes I think l would.' 

He gently pulled her to her feet and led her to the area where the others were dancing. It wasn't a slow song, but he pulled her close to him, his arms around her body, hers around his neck and on his upper arm. It seemed natural that they should be so close. The music enveloped them. 

'Tricia.' She said as she smiled up at him. 

'Ben.' He replied, 'You have wonderful smiling eyes Tricia.' 

'So do you Ben. Where did you get such strong arms?' 

'I work on a fishing boat where l haul in lines and ropes a lot of the time. I also work out at the gym when I am in town.'

She smiled again, 'I'm glad you do.'

The song had a beat which they did not seem to be aware of, moving together in their own rhythm, arms wrapped around each other. It was their own world and before the song ended they were kissing, lips moving together tongues finding each others. 

Tricia felt her desire mounting and wondered how she could get closer to the hard cock she could feel moving against her body. Ben had moved both his hands to her hips and was pulling her against his hardness rubbing her shapely arse discreetly in a corner of the dance area where he had his back to the rest of the room. 

He kissed her intently. 

'I would really like to show you the fishing boat l work on.' He said. 'It is just a walk away and I am in charge of it for the night. We should have it to ourselves, if you like?' 

She looked up at him and her mouth smiled back at him. 

'That sounds like a good idea.' She said, 'Show me the way Ben.' 

He took her hand and led them past her friends. She paused briefly to tell them where she would be and then smiled back at them as she left the bar and walked out on to the street, her excitement carrying her into the night.

When they were outside, Ben moved them into a darkened doorway and began increasing his attention to her grabbing her petite body lustfully to him enveloping her open searching mouth with his, their hands exploring each other's bodies. Ben had one hand on her breast through her blouse searching fingers finding her nipple through her bra and squeezing it, sending electricity all through her body and to her clitoris. 

His other hand was between her opened legs rubbing and caressing her aching vagina through her jeans. Tricia's right hand had finally found his very hard cock through his jeans and was squeezing and stroking it with intent interest, Ben pushed himself against her hand. Her other hand had grabbed his arse and was pulling him to her. 

The darkened doorway emboldened their efforts to touch each other. 

'How far is your boat Ben?' Tricia breathed into his ear as she continued to squeeze his cock. 

'Not far,' He said, 'About three blocks to the wharf area. It is a 50 metre fishing boat.' 

'Let's go,' She said. 'I think we should get know each other even more. This is just a taste.' 

They moved out of the doorway and began walking briskly in the direction of the harbour. Only stopping when they came to secluded space or doorway where the darkness allowed them to touch and kiss each other more.

Part 2

She could hear the seagulls as they turned a last corner and smelt the waft of the ocean on the breeze. It was a mild spring night; with clear sky and a half full moon was emerging at 10 o'clock at night. 

'There it is, over there, that green steel hulled boat next to the pontoon landing,' Indicated Ben pointing to vessel just ahead of them. 

They increased their pace and were soon hurrying down the few steps of the pontoon and moved to the small gangway access to Ben's boat. He led them aboard, holding Tricia's hand. 

'Come with me horny Aussie baby. I want to show you what it is like to be with a horny Kiwi.' 

'Yes, I think so..,' She smiled as he led her through a door of the deck cabin and they went down stairs into a galley area with table and bench seats around walls. 

The room was surprisingly warm. As Tricia looked about her, Ben moved to her again and grabbed her body around her waist with his left arm and pulled her to him. She raised her head towards his and opened her lips to welcome his mouth as he sought to engulf her with his passion, hands again searching each other's bodies. 

'Does this mean that you are going to fuck me now Ben?' She said as she sucked his neck and ear lobe. 

'I am going to fuck you all night Tricia. I have not been with a woman for a long time and my balls are just aching for your sexy body. Your wanting eyes and smile are driving me crazy.' 

He began to unbutton her blouse as they kissed and she was undoing the belt buckle of his jeans at the same time, squeezing his hardness as she did so. 

'Your cock is so hard Ben' 

'That's right baby, all for you too..'

Soon her jacket and blouse were on the galley table, her bra straps hung down her arms as Ben cupped her firm breasts in both hands feeling her hardened nipples. Tricia had opened his jeans and her hands were caressing his huge hard cock stretching his slim underwear. She gripped him with both her hands squeezing and rubbing up and down, her fingers of one hand were able to play with his bulging balls as she moved. 

'That is so nice sweet baby, my balls are tingling already, l am so horny..' 

'Don't you come yet Ben....I want to feel you deep in my pussy baby. Though I kind of like the idea of you squirting your come all over my face and mouth too' 

'That's good because that is something I would like to do that too. First I think I should taste you baby. Can I stick my tongue inside you Tricia, lick and suck you until you come?'

'Anything you want big cock,' Tricia smiled cheekily at him.

She stepped back against the galley table, leaning on it as she undid her jeans and began to push them over her hips, her brief white panties appearing as the jeans slid down her thighs and legs, She unzipped her boots pulling them and the jeans off together. 

Tricia was standing there half sitting on the edge of the table, legs apart, her left hand rubbing her pussy through her panties. Ben was rubbing himself through his jocks also, his huge cock straining against the material. 

'I thought you were going to suck my pussy Ben.' She smiled at him with that smile as she reached up and undid her bra letting it fall away from firm breasts and nipples standing out. 

'Bring me your cock, l want to taste you first my Kiwi cock man.' She beckoned him with her finger and her smile. 

Ben pulled his jeans off his feet and stepped toward her. She reached out and grabbed his cock again through his underwear and then slid around onto the table lying down on her back with her head just over the edge nearest to him. She pulled his cock towards her opened mouth, reaching up with both hands and releasing the knob from the clinging grey jocks.

His cock was massive, thick and long. She could see pre come oozing out of the tip. She released his cock and balls completely pushing the jocks down to his knees where he was able to, step out of them. 

'Here, let me taste that baby..' And she gripped his shaft and bent it towards her open mouth and tongue. 

Tricia gently licked and tasted his come slowly licking around the tip pushing the foreskin back and then she sucked him into her mouth, her tongue wrapping around the shaft as she applied negative pressure taking him deeper. Ben was gently pushing his cock into her mouth as she sucked him. His cock was moving further into her throat and she was squeezing his large balls hanging down between his legs. 

He leaned forward as she sucked him, leaning on the table with one hand to support him, bending over and the other hand he slid down her firm flat abdomen to her panties and then under the hem and inside where he felt her trimmed pubic hair and clitoris protruding up from her mound. 

Moving two fingers in circular motions for a moment he then cupped her whole vagina with his hand feeling her wetness soaking his fingers. She moaned on his cock as he pushed two fingers inside her and began to rub her there. She rotated her hips and pushed against his hand. 

'Oooh that is so nice Ben,' Taking his cock from her mouth, 'You are going to make me come baby...yeh, just like that..' She took his cock back into her mouth and renewed her sucking.

Part 3

His fingers kept rubbing her, pushing in and out and he was able rub her shiny wet clit with his thumb at the same time as he probed her wetness. This made her tremble and a wave of orgasm swept over her, as she thrust her hips against his hand and her mouth kept sucking him deep...

'Aah! Aaah! yes baby you clever Kiwi man making me come so quick.' She said as she licked and stroked his cock while her orgasm subsided. 

'I want to fuck you now Tricia,' Ben smiled at her from above her cock attentions, 

'I think it is time to open you up with my cock. Is that ok sweet Aussie baby?'

'Please Ben, that is what I have been wanting from the moment I saw you I think in the bar. I noticed your cock swelling and filling the front of your jeans and I could not help thinking about it being hard and in me. Please come on now baby, fuck me hard and deep. And I want you to come in me baby, it's ok. It is safe for you to fill me up with your come ok Ben, will you do that?'

'I'm going to fill you Tricia, lots of come for you tonight baby.'

He looked down at her as he put his cock back in her mouth for a moment. She sucked him deeply and then he took it from her searching lips and began to move around the table to where her legs were spread and her pussy mound pushed against the shiny white material of her panties. He could see wetness soak them around her lips.

He moved between her legs, his cock rampant in the air glistening with her saliva. Ben bent down and began kissing her pussy through her panties sucking her juices through the material. 

'Aah, yes , nice warm mouth and tongue...' She grabbed his head with her hands as she ground her vulva into his attentive mouth.. 

He reached up with both hands as he sucked her and began pulling her panties from her hips until they were slipping off her upraised legs as she lay on her back on the table. Tricia then opened her legs wide inviting him to continue...

Ben eagerly began to lick her open wet vagina with his mouth and tongue, sucking her juices as her hands returned to the sides of his head to help guide his enthusiasm. 

'Oooo, that's right Ben, baby...here I go again...aaaah,' 

Tricia came again on his mouth, pushing her pussy against his probing tongue and sucking lips.

He moved his mouth up her body from her mound, kissing his way to her mouth where he began kissing her deeply. As he was doing this she felt his hard cock rubbing over her vaginal lips, back and forth. She moved her openness against him, encouraging him. 

'Yeh baby, do it, come on push your huge cock inside me. I want it Ben, stretch me open baby...' 

Ben moved slightly and she felt his cock head nudging her wet pussy lips. He began to rotate his hips pushing gently into her, slowly opening her up as his cock head moved inside her. She rotated her hips towards him and could feel his huge cock sliding into her more. She was so wet and his cock so hard, he kept filling her with small gentle thrusting further and further until his whole 9 inch cock was completely inside her. '

'Oooh that is it. That is so nice Ben. You are all the way in me...,' He was grinding his length in circular motions feeling her vaginal walls grip him..

'Aaaah fuck, I am coming again Ben...' She grabbed his arse with both hands and pushed him into her as she came on his cock grinding her crutch around him.

'That's what I wanted Ben', She said smiling up him with her glazed eyes. 'Your big hard cock making me come. It feels amazing. Are you going to fuck me some more baby, ram your cock in me hard and deep?' 

'Oh yes Tricia my amazing horny Aussie baby. I just love it when you come. Just now I could feel your pussy squeezing my cock as you came.' 

And he began to move inside her again with slow long strokes, gradually increasing his rhythm until he was pumping her hard on the galley table. She was rocking her hips with him fucking him back pushing herself on his cock. Her legs spread on either side of his body.

The table was bolted to the floor of the cabin but it was creaking rhythmically under strain of the two lovers fucking. Tricia had locked her ankles together around his lower back and was using the leverage to increase her pushing onto him. He slowed his tempo, 

'I don't want come inside you yet baby. I am close to squirting my load into you but I thought we could change positions..?' 

'Ok Ben, would you like to fuck me from behind..?' Tricia said as she looked at his face close to hers. 

'Yes I would Tricia, that's what I had in mind too..,' And he slowly withdrew his cock from her and they moved together.

Tricia walked around the cabin naked, Ben following her. She looked down the passage leading out of the galley. 

'What's down there Ben?' 

'Oh there are some bunk rooms and access to the engine room beyond' He replied. 

'Will you take me to your room and fuck me some more on your bed?' She asked. 

'Sure baby, now?' 

'In a minute I think. Right now...' She moved her shapely slender body to the padded bench seat along the far wall of the cabin and knelt on it with her knees facing the wall and the galley window. She leant forward and supported herself with her hands against the padded back of the seat, 

'....I would like to feel your cock back in my pussy baby, fucking me from behind. Can you do that for me Ben?' 

He had moved with her and was standing right behind her proffered round buttocks, legs slightly spread, bending his hard cock towards her opened pussy that she was teasingly moving from side to side. He teased her back by rubbing his cock up and down her labia, lips shiny with her wetness slightly pushing it into and then pulling back. 

He pushed his cock head just inside her and held it there. He then grabbed both her hips with his strong hands and with steady thrusting movement filled her again with his cock pulling her onto him. He then began pumping her, in and out with balls deep strokes. 

'Yes, ..aaah yes, that's right fill me up again, fuck me...' And he did. Ben pushed his hardness into her, long stokes. The base of his cock stretching her labia open wide then withdrawing, so his cock head almost left her before he thrust it back into her. He was grabbing her shoulders with his hands pulling her onto him as he relentlessly fucked her. 

Tricia had lifted her head, still supporting herself on the back of the bench seat, her head rotating, mouth open as she felt him hard and deep. Another orgasm was near she could feel her clit and pussy starting to hum and tingle. 

'Ooooh yeh,... that's the idea Ben baby,....fuck me hard. You are making me come agaaaain...'

Her eyes closed, her face clenched, head moving from side to side as she came on his cock squeezing it with her vaginal muscles...

'Yes, Tricia....you are sucking the come out of me too baby. Feel me fill you...' 

He drove his cock into her coming vagina squirting his large load of come deep inside her. It wasn't the first load of Kiwi come she had taken this trip, but it felt like it might have been the largest, as she felt his cock keep twitching in her over and over. Each jerk of his cock delivering come into her. She hoped it would not be the last. Ben leaned over her, put his arms under her shoulders and pulled her back onto him, arching her back as she leaned back towards him. He drove his cock into her. It was still hard inside her as if he had not just come.

'That come has been waiting a long time to find you baby...' He breathed into her ear as he inhaled her perfume and fondled her breasts and hard nipples, gently rotating his cock into her. '

Yes Ben,... I could tell. You just kept coming and coming in me, mmmm yess. Will you take me to your cabin now? Your cock is still hard baby.. I don't think you are finished fucking me tonight..?' 

'Sure, Baby, but first,....'With that he pulled her upright from the seat, his dripping cock slipping from her swollen pussy. He gently laid her down on the bench seat. Spread her legs and moved between them again. He could see his semen oozing out of her spread pussy lips. 

'I would just like to do this before I carry you to my bed.' 

He moved his cock into her again pushing himself all the way a large amount of come oozing out of her, dripping on to the bench seat, as his shaft filled her. 

She was half propped up against the back of the bench, her legs wide open and in the air as he began to churn his come and her juices inside her. His cock rigid and intent on making her come again. Tricia was writhing and moving with him, her hand and arms locked under his shoulders and they fucked together. Her wet pussy slurped and gushed their combined juices into a white lather around his cock and more dripped onto the floor. Tricia was soon coming again on his thrusting cock, he marvelled at her and how excited this made him as he felt her vagina contract again on his cock. 

'I liked being fucked by you Ben,' She whispered as she smiled at him through half open eyes. He bent down and began kissing her open mouth gently at first and then deeply as he put his strong dark arms under her shoulders and began lifting her up on to him. She wrapped her legs around him as he did and felt herself slide down on to his cock deeper as they continued to kiss passionately, now both upright beside the galley table. 

He began walking them towards the passage to his cabin. As he did so Tricia was sliding up and down on his cock inside her, more come oozing out of her openness and running onto his legs and on to the floor. He had given her a big load of come. Tricia wanted more of this amazingly horny Kiwi man. She was going to get more too.

Part 4...

After stepping through the door way to his cabin, Ben took Tricia to his bed near the small window that looked out on to the harbour. The moon was casting a diffuse light over the still water and nearby vessels. The moon light lit the room well and the small light marking the hatchway entrance provided a combined level of adequate light. He laid her down on to his bed, on top of the sheet, her head on his pillow. He followed her, his cock still deep inside her and lay on top of her body and he began to fuck her again. Tricia responded by opening herself to his cock, wrapping her legs around his torso grinding her pussy onto him in rhythm with his thrusts. 
