 Sex is off screen in this chapter, sorry, it just didn't fit in with the storyline. Don't worry, more sex is coming soon:)

*****

"Tropical Delights Resort, this is Anna speaking, how may I assist you today?" God I hated Mondays. Especially after a weekend like I just had. Spending the night with my Master and Shelly had worn me out even more, and then Master brought me straight to the office. It was barely eight in the morning, and I was still on my first cup of coffee. The idiot babbling at me in Italian was not helping.

"I'm sorry sir, but I don't speak any Italian, hablas espanol? If we need to I can find someone who speaks Italian, but it may take several minutes."

"No, my English not to good, but I try," he replied haltingly in a thick Italian accent. "I seeking leader of police for Fakahina, but only contact I find is this number. Can you help?"

Thick Italian accent and the police...Wonderful, Marta's parents probably decided to report her missing or claim she was kidnapped. We got at least one of these every year, but Master was used to it. At least Master spoke Italian.

"We don't have a dedicated police force, but I can connect you with Mister Slade," I replied. "He is the closest we have to what you are asking for, please hold."

After hitting the hold button, I dialed the extension for Master's office. "Excuse me Master, but there is a call on extension one-oh-one. It's an Italian man looking for our police, but I could not get much more, as he did not speak much English."

"That's odd. Even if Marta's parent's tried to claim we kidnapped her, it should have taken the police longer to get permission to contact us due to the diplomatic issues," he replied. "I will take care of it either way. Just make sure we have enough coffee, I will probably need a cup by the time I finish with this guy."

I glanced back at the coffee pot and shook my head. Of course there was enough, the only cup out of it was still in front of me. Master is just messing with me because he knows I am wiped out from the weekend.

It all started Thursday night, when I spent the night with Master Alonso. He had claimed Sonia as his pet that morning and celebrated by tying her hands to the headboard, fucking her senseless while Marta and Kiera sucked on her nipples. I was playing with his kitten and we were watching when he climaxed. Felicia crawled over to clean him up, leaving me with my favorite snack in the world, fresh cream pie.

My ass was up in the air because I knew he was going to take me while I cleaned up Sonia. The memories of the nights we had spent together had me wet when we arrived at the cabin, and his kitten playing with my pussy while we watched had me right on the edge of climax, but the feeling of his thick cock slowly sinking into my ass for the first time made me cum so hard I almost passed out.

I loved anal sex, but he had never taken me that way before. We all talked, and I know he had only every tried it with Elizabeth and Amanda because he was afraid of hurting us. His willingness to use me freely set me off as much as the feeling of him doing so.

It continued on Friday at the lagoon, when my Masters decided that they wanted to compare the pet's climaxes. They each had one of the pets in their lap as they brought her to an orgasm, and then discussed their favorite part of each of our climaxes as we were trying to recover. Hearing them talk about how much they loved my throaty little moans almost made me cum again. The afternoon of snorkeling was almost a letdown, but we all loved snorkeling too much to pass up a chance to go.

The experiment continued through the weekend. On Saturday they had us form two lines and each of us got to ride the Master in front of her until she climaxed, then moved to the back of the other line as the next pet took her turn. After the first couple turns, we were all so horny that we barely made it two minutes before we climaxed and had to switch again. Each of us got to climax a couple times with each of our Masters before they decided to stop because they were too tired to get hard again right away. They had enough energy to drag us out water skiing for the afternoon though.

We were excited on Sunday morning when they lined us up again, thinking we were going to repeat Saturdays game. I almost melted when Master Alonso had Kiera and Marta step out of the line, giving them the special job of making sure our asses were properly lubed and warmed up before our turns. I think they got to cum more times than the rest of us combined, as each of us had our fingers buried in their pussies as they lubed us up.

All the pets were overjoyed in the changes in Master Alonso's behavior, but Sonia and Felicia were ecstatic. The way their faces lit up when he called for one of them was priceless. Sonia admitted it was not that he was summoning them, but how he did it that excited them. When he called for them before, he would make it sound like he was asking them to come to him, but now it was a clear command. He wasn't domineering, but he expected to be obeyed, just like Master Julien.

I was still reminiscing and sipping my coffee when Master walked out of his office. "Anna, call the tower and have them track down the flight crew. I need the jet prepped and ready to take off as soon as possible. I am sure Alonso and his pets will be departing after I talk to him, and I need everything ready."

Picking up the phone, I called the control tower to relay Master's instructions. From the tone of his voice, I knew he was not upset with Alonso, but the way he was carrying himself meant something bad had happened. After Ethan confirmed he would find the rest of the flight crew and have the jet ready to go within the hour, I grabbed the satellite phone and rushed out the door after Master.

-Alonso-

I had just finished breakfast and was enjoying a second cup of coffee when Julien dropped into the chair across from me. He looked like hell, and the first words out of his mouth confirmed something was wrong. "I have Peter waiting at your cabin, and the flight crew is getting the jet prepared. I got a call from the Bari police this morning, and you need to get home. Have your pets get packed up and Peter will help them load the luggage."

I told the girls to go get packed up. The concern on Felicia and Sonia's faces was clear, but they rushed out with Kiera and Marta following them. "Okay, what was so bad that you didn't want to say it in front of them," I asked.

He smiled wanly as he shook his head. "I wanted to tell you first and let you decided how to break the news to them. The police would not give me many details, but there was a fire at your home. The police were trying to contact you and Sonia in particular."

I knew I was listed as the emergency contact and guarantor on their medical insurance, Sonia was...oh no. "Were there any survivors?"

I could see the pain in his eyes as he shook his head. "They found three bodies when they were trying to put out the fire." I slumped down in my chair and covered my face with my hands. Three of the people I cared most about in the world were dead, and Sonia was going to be devastated.

"She is going to need you to be strong," he told me. "I know exactly how you feel right now, because I was there not long ago. It would be easy if we were heartless bastards like my uncles, but when you love your pets, you support them. You and her new sisters are all she has left now, and she will need all the support she can get."

As much as I hated to admit it, I knew he was right. I had been pushing myself the past few days, taking cues from Julien on how to be the Master my pets wanted me to be, and I could see how excited they were over it. Now I would have to stay in control, giving Sonia the strength she needed to get through losing her family.

I could see Julien's smile as I straitened up in my chair and nodded. "Good, I have watched you following my lead this weekend, but it has always been inside of you. Your mistake with the pets has always been that you see them as women first and try to please the woman you see them as. They want you to see them as a pet and use them for your pleasure. Their pleasure is a given at that point, because knowing that you are using them excites them. I will check on the preparations for your departure while you take care of your pets."

As he stood to leave, I noticed silence that had fallen over the room. All the pets were quietly watching with tears in their eyes. I was their Master, and by accepting Sonia as my pet, she became their sister as well. As if they had known her for years instead of just a few days, they were sharing the pain of her loss. That was when it sank in, I had a responsibly to them as much as the four waiting in my cabin.

"Don't worry my pets, I will take good care of your sister and bring her back to visit as soon as I can," I told them. "I know you want to be with her right now, but we will need a few minutes alone. Sonia hates anyone to see her crying. Wait for us by the trainer's cabin, and I will bring her up when she is ready."

There was a sea of sad smiles as I turned and left the dining hall, but I knew that they would all be waiting for us. I walked back to the cabin, trying to think of an easy way to break the news to Sonia. When I saw Peter and Joshua carrying the luggage out, I realized I was there and was no closer to a solution.

When I walked into the cabin, I was surprised to see them all still in what they had worn to breakfast as they dropped to their knees beside the bed where they had been sitting. "Please Master, can you tell us what's happening? Julien said the police had contacted him," Sonia asked. "Was there an accident?"

'There is no easy way to break this kind of news to someone,' I thought as I crossed the room and pulled her up into my arms. "There was a fire at the house. We don't have all the details, but our family did not make it out."

I was glad I had my arms around her as she collapsed into me and started sobbing. My kitten was the first to reach us, but I quickly found myself in the middle of a group hug as my pets came to their sister's support. With my heart breaking, I held her as the grief for our family poured out.

There was no sense of time or the world outside our cabin as her tears poured out, but it was the quiet sobs from my kitten against her back that finally broke through her shell of grief. She looked up and saw the tears running down my cheeks before turning and pulling Felicia into her arms. "I'm sorry sweetie. I keep falling apart on you this week."

Felicia just gave her a weak smile as she reached up to wipe Sonia's tears away. "You have nothing to apologize for my dear," I told her as I held them. "You needed to grieve, and we were here to support you. That's what a family does. I will always be here for you, and so will your sisters. The rest of them are waiting for you by the trainer's cabin, because I thought you would prefer to have a smaller group around when you received the news."

Sonia blushed as she leaned into me. "Thank you. I would have been mortified if I broke down like that in front of everyone. I just need a minute to wash my face and I will be ready to go. There will be plenty of time to cry on the plane, but we need to get moving."

As she slipped out of my arms and rushed to the bathroom, Felicia turned and wiped away tears running down my cheeks with an inquisitive 'raow'.

"I will be alright little kitten. I am more worried about Sonia right now. I want one of us with her at all times over the next few days," I said, taking in Marta and Kiera as well. "She just lost her entire family, and she needs to know we are here for her."

They quickly agreed and Felicia slipped out of my arms to check on Sonia. I pulled Marta and Kiera in closer for moment. "Not quite how I envisioned taking the two of you home, but we will get it figured out. We may be living out of a hotel for a while though, so we will have to do some clothes shopping for you. Did you have something to wear that is appropriate, or do we need to ask Katherine before we leave?"

"I have a few outfits in my luggage Master," Marta said. "It's only enough for three or four days though. I was told I would rarely need regular clothing, so I left most of it with my family."

"Getting new clothing is not an issue," I told her. "I just need to make sure we have something for when we land. As much as I enjoy what the two of you are wearing, it's not exactly feasible for getting around town in. Kiera, do we need to see if Katherine has something in your size?"

"Felicia was going to let me borrow her robe until we got to the house," Kiera replied. "Sonia said she had a couple summer dresses that would fit me well enough to go shopping in, but I don't think that will work now."

"Alright, we will talk to Katherine then. I am sure she can find something for you in the wardrobes," I told her. "We can make a trip to Via Sparano when we get home. Not my first choice as it's where the tourists go, but we can get all four of you a few outfits quickly for the same reason."

"There are other places we can go that would be less expensive," Sonia said as she and Felicia came out of the bathroom. "Via Sparano is all the designer lines and we don't really need fancy clothes."

Figuring it was time to practice being masterful; I stepped up and took her chin, tipping it up so I could look into her eyes. "Unless you have suddenly changed your mind, you are still one of my pets. If I decide to dress you in designer clothes, your only response should be 'thank you Master'."

A small smile crossed her face and I could see Felicia miming a clap behind her. "Of course Master, thank you. I may need more of that over the next few days to keep me from slipping into a depression. I am ready to go if you are."

"I need to see if Katherine has something for Kiera to wear, but I imagine your other sisters are going to need a few minutes to say goodbye so we should be fine," I replied. "Let's get moving my dears; we have a long trip ahead of us."

With all of our luggage already gone, we just had to get ourselves out the door. As expected, all the pets were waiting with Julien. Sonia was surrounded as soon as we arrived while Julien walked over to me. "The flight crew will be ready to take off as soon as you are on board. I have them going through Miami to refuel and I told Dale that time was a factor, so they will be pushing a bit more speed out of it on this trip. You should be home by three tomorrow afternoon with the time difference. You will have to contact Officer Sanpori, with Bari municipal police, to get any more information. You can use the satellite phone on the jet to contact him and start making any other necessary arrangements."

"I don't know how to thank you for getting this arranged so quickly," I told him. "I would probably still be sitting in the dining hall if you hadn't reminded me that Sonia needs me. I do need to talk to Katherine though, and see if she has something Kiera can wear out in public."

"Don't thank me, it was the least I could do under the circumstances," he replied. "Katherine already took care of clothes for Kiera though. She has always been the practical one and realized you may need regular clothes for Kiera, so she stopped at her workshop and picked up a few things."

It seemed everyone was a step ahead of me right now, but I wasn't surprised. All the things that would have to be taken care of kept running though my head, but I kept running up against the thought of their deaths. A week ago, they had been smiling and wishing us a safe trip, and now they were gone.

I shook my head to clear my thoughts and noticed the pets watching Julien and I. "They are going to miss you and your pets. Give me a call if you need a change of scenery after you get everything taken care of and I will send the jet to pick you up. Marta can't start school until the fall, so if you want to disappear for a couple months you are all more than welcome."

I thanked him for the offer, but told him I would have to find out how bad the damage was before I could make any decisions. My house was far enough out of town that even with the alarm system it would have taken awhile for the fire fighters to arrive. There was a good chance the house was a total loss and I would have to have a new one built.

It took several minutes to say goodbye to the pets, and I promised them that we would be back to visit as soon as we were able. I spent the time it took to get to the plane trying to make a list of people I needed to contact in my head. It was complicated by the fact that I did not know if burial was even an option.

The flight crew was waiting for us, and ten minutes after we arrived, Periwinkle was checking our seat belts. "Master Julien said you need to use the phone, but it can cause problems with the instruments during takeoff. I will let you know as soon as you are able to make a call. We also have a laptop with Internet access if you need to look up any numbers, just let me know okay?"

"I will probably need both, but I think a round of stiff drinks would be the first order of business once we hit cruising altitude." I replied. "It's already been a rough day, and it's not even noon yet."

"I will take care of it as soon as Dale gives me an all clear," she said as she leaned down and kissed my cheek before heading back up front. I felt pressure of our acceleration a moment later as Dale released the brakes and we shot forward to take off.

With the girls sitting in the row behind me, I was alone and closed my eyes for a moment, letting the tears flow. I wasn't afraid to cry in front of the girls, but I knew now was not the time for it.

"Excuse me Master, I have your drink, the phone and the laptop for you," Periwinkle said, snapping me out of my daze. "I will tell the girls you need some quiet to make your calls and I will bring you a wet wash cloth to clean up that little spill."

I could see the understanding in her eyes as I thanked her. As she walked back to check on the girls, I picked up the phone. After taking a sip of my drink, I started dialing.

**

I could see the anxiety in their eyes as I sat down at the table with them. I had been on the phone for almost four hours now, even eating lunch as I talked with the insurance agent to get everything moving. Periwinkle had found a deck of cards, but they were dropped as soon as they saw me. "Okay, I have talked to just about everyone now and have a lot of news. Some good, some bad, and some is just information we needed to have. The police have already finished their investigation and ruled it an accidental fire. As far as they can tell, Nicolina was making herself some warm milk and had decided to fry some potatoes for a snack around one in the morning."

I saw the faint smile that appeared on Sonia's face as she head that. Nicolina had been having issues sleeping for several years now. She swore the only thing that helped was fried potato cakes and warm milk.

"She suffered a massive stroke and collapsed while she was cooking. The medical examiner says she was dead before she hit the floor, so she did not suffer," I said reaching over to take Sonia's hand. "The pan she was cooking the potatoes in was knocked over and the grease caught fire on the burner. From the burn pattern, most of the kitchen went up within a few minutes, and it quickly spread through the bottom floor. Bernardo and Teodoro were found together at the bottom of the stairs, collapsed from the smoke as they tried to get out of the house."

"I have already made arrangements with the funeral home to have them picked up after we sign the release forms tomorrow. After your mother passed away, I helped your father and grandmother make arrangements for after they had passed on, and I am following their wishes," I told them. "Bernardo did not have any arrangements set up, so I have set up to have him buried next to your parents if you wish."
