 Gerry and I were both some tired after spending a week at the convention. Gerry suggested that I go with him. He would get me a motel room for a couple of days, so I could rest and relax for a bit. Of course, I realized immediately, rest and relaxation would NOT be the main reason I would be there. Just the look on his face, and the ear-to-ear grin, I had a suspicion that neither of us would have little sleep. With the memories of the previous night, still fresh in my mind, I certainly had no objection to continuing what we had started the night before.

Within hours, we had packed up everything, checked out of the motel, and were on our way to Delaware. Gerry had suggested that I get settled in while he went to his office. I took a shower and lay down for a nap. 

To my total surprise, when Gerry knocked on my door, he was dressed in cutoffs, an old shirt and a hat on his head. "Guess what", he said, "it is such a beautiful afternoon, I have packed a picnic lunch, and how would you like to go fishing for your dinner"? He went on to say that if I didn't want to fish, I could just lie back in the boat and soak up some sun. That really appealed to me more, since I hadn't had much time lately to lie in the sun. I quickly put on my bikini, the one that had thong bottoms, grabbed a towel and sun tan oil. From the sudden look on Gerry's face when I walked out of the bathroom, I had a hunch we had better leave quickly, or we might never go. 

You know "THE LOOK"...the sudden glistening of the eyes, the quick look from head to toe and back up to the boob area, and the sudden bulge in the front of their pants. The slight beading of sweat on the forehead and the tongue licking lips. The signs were ALL there... Gerry was not abash at displaying his feelings. And I do mean DISPLAY.

Gerry muttered something under his breath that the day was young, and off we went. The lake sparkled in the sunlight, a cooling breeze was blowing, and the sky was clear with just a few white puffy clouds here and there. There was plenty of room in his seventeen foot power boat and I noticed a trolling motor also that was good, because it would be lot quieter than the big 150 hp.

I had mentioned to Gerry that I would like to sunbathe more than fish, so he drove the boat more to the North, until we were away from people. He settled in to fish and I lay back on a cushion. It was SO peaceful and quiet. I was half awake and half asleep, lazily just talking about nothing in particular. Gerry suggested that I take my suit off because no one was around. I grinned and told him I would, providing he would put the sun tan lotion on so I wouldn't get burned and spoil the night's adventures.

I must say, he did an excellent job of rubbing the lotion into my body. He took a long time with my tits, making sure every inch was covered. Then, he worked his way down over my stomach and my groin. I suggested that he stop there, or else I would be so slippery, I wouldn't be much fun later. 

Gerry knew I was just teasing, but he skipped my bush and concentrated on the insides of my thighs and legs. The combination of the sun, the oiling of my body, and Gerry 's hand...I stretched and put my arms over my head. I even had spread my legs wide, for the oiling...I could feel the heat starting in my gut and my thoughts quickly started wondering if perhaps we might have sex right there in the boat, right out in the open. I just started to think about mentioning this to Gerry, but one look at his face...I didn't need to ask.

I was just about to suggest that Gerry take off his swim trunks, which had been under his cutoffs, when we noticed a flash of light on his chest. It was moving. noticed it too and before I could comment on it, he cracked up laughing. He didn't seem to be alarmed about this flashing light, so I looked to see if I could find the source of the light.

Much to my surprise, we had drifted close to shore, and were in full view of an "A" framed house on the shore. The light seemed to be coming from the deck on the second floor. I realized that my body must be in full view of anyone up on that deck, so I reached for my coverup and put it on. In between laughing, Gerry made the comment that it was a bit too late for covering up my body. I started grinning too, seeing the funny side of it too.

Gerry asked me if I remembered his telling me about his friend Buddy, who ran a gas station in town. He had shown him the story I had written about my night with Gerry after watching the couple in the hot tub. Gerry said his only comment was that he wanted to fuck me too. He went on to say that Buddy owned the "A" frame that was on the shoreline and that it was probably "horny" Buddy himself up on the deck, trying to get our attention.

Since we had just arrived in town, Buddy would have NO idea at all that I was the gal who had written the story. Gerry wanted to know if I was game to meet him, just see the expression on his face when he told him who I was. This definitely might be interesting. Gerry waved to the person standing on the dock, started the motor and we tied up at the small dock in front of the house.

Gerry said there was no point to my putting on my swim suit top on, because Buddy had already seen me without it. So, I just wore the coverup...which I might add was more or less see through. Sort of like lace, so the effect was that I looked covered up but you could see that I had nothing on underneath.

Gerry tied the boat up, and we walked slowly up the path to the house, both of us barefoot. Yes, it was Buddy, and he walked down to meet us, a frosted cold bottle of O'Douls in his hand. He had on swim trunks, with an obvious bulge in the front of them. He said he would have brought down an O'Douls for me, but he didn't know if I drank it or not, since it was non-alcoholic. Gerry had Old Milwaukee with him. Buddy said he had some Coors in his refrigerator, just for him. Gerry said that would be great, as his beer had gotten warm from sitting in the sun.

Buddy finally just had to ask. "And, when are you planning to introduce me to this lovely lady with you"? "I know every beautiful gal in the area, so I know you aren't from around here". Gerry made the comment that he must have been watching us in the boat for some time, since he KNEW about the binoculars that Buddy kept upstairs near the sliders onto the deck.

Gerry still kept baiting Buddy...grinning from ear-to-ear. Buddy just looked at him and then to me and then back again. We just stood there...waiting, not giving any further explanation. Finally, the light dawned on his face..."Oh shit...you are the redhead who wrote the story. You are FOR REAL?????? Ohmigawd...no wonder didn't tell me you were going to be in town. He doesn't want to share you with anyone"!!!

"The hell with fishing...you two have got to come up to the house and have a beer and tell me how this all came about. I want details, and right now". Gerry put his arm around me, his hand giving me a quick grab on my ass, as he whispered into my ear, "Gal, you have made him speechless"!

Buddy was a great host. He had a refrigerator stocked full of beer and nibblings. We were sitting comfortably, watching the late afternoon sun and the activity out on the lake. Once, while Buddy was out in the kitchen, Gerry suggested that I tease him a little bit when he returned. Buddy sat right across from us, so that every time I moved my legs, he could see right up to my pussy. To add to the teasing, I lay down on the couch and put my head in Gerry's lap. Seemingly innocent, Gerry's hand started stroking my body, and I could feel the bottom of my coverup inching up on my thighs. 

It was obvious that Buddy's eyes were glued to what Gerry was doing. When just an edge of my pussy hair was showing, Gerry stopped, and moved his hand so it was just resting on one tit. Buddy's face was a bit flushed. His legs were crossed so we couldn't see what effect our little show as having on him.

That O'Douls went down in a flash. As he got up to get another one, he asked me if I wanted to see the remainder of his house. Gerry nudged me with his hand, so I knew it meant that we should go see the house. I had never been in an "A" frame before. It was beautifully laid out, so that you could see the lake from almost every window. Buddy said it was even nicer upstairs, so we went up the stairs.

I had to agree. There was a huge waterbed upstairs, which overlooked the water. We went out on the deck to see the view from there. I hadn't noticed, but there was a nice breeze, which blew my coverup tight against me, outlining my boobs. Buddy's attention was on me now, NOT on the view. I must admit that I was being a bit turned on. His obvious pleasure in seeing my body thru the lacy net. Not to mention Gerry's hand or hands had never left my body since we arrived. As we were standing out on the deck, his hand was slowly rubbing up and down my back. I could feel the net going up and down too. I felt the cool breeze on my ass cheeks when he had it hiked up almost to my waist.

Buddy left to make a trip to the bathroom...which figured from the amount of beer he had been drinking. While he was gone, Gerrry looked at me and quietly asked me if I wanted to stay or go. He said it was obvious that Buddy wanted to fuck me, but he didn't know how I felt about it. However, he pointed out that in the many discussions we had had about sex, that we each had expressed a desire to participate in a threesome. Gerry had already known the experience, but with two women. I had never had a threesome, but he was right, it is part of every girl's fantasy.

The timing was perfect for this...the beautiful afternoon, a lovely place, beer and cheese and nibblings and a man I had just spent a wonderful night with. How could I refuse?

When Buddy returned, we had decided to make the first move. Gerry suggested that I thank Buddy for the wonderful afternoon, for all the food and drink, and then we had to leave. The look on Buddy's face was priceless. His face fell and we could see the look of disappointment on his face.

So, I said I would thank him with a kiss. I moved over to him, put my arms up around his neck, and molded my body to his, as hard as I could, as I opened my mouth and entered his mouth with my tongue. Buddy was so startled, he almost dropped his bottle, but Gerry reached over and took it out of his hands. It only took a second for Buddy to react, but his hands and arms went around me and he crushed my body into his. The feel of my hot skin under the lacy top, and the fact that I had been mostly naked underneath all afternoon, had turned him on so much that his cock was about ready to burst out of his swim trunks.

Buddy realized that Gerry was still standing there, a big grin on his face. He stepped back, out of my embrace, and apologized for feeling me over the way he did. Gerry decided to let him off the hook,. He said that we had planned on that kiss. Further, that since neither Buddy nor I had ever had a threesome, that this seemed to be a perfect time for it...how did he feel about it?

Of course, we knew how he would feel about it...I knew how I was feeling about it too. I was shivering, not from the cool early evening breeze, but from the anticipation of what might turn into a memorable evening.

We immediately went inside to the waterbed. It was a bit awkward at first. The three of us just lay on the bed, with me in the middle. Buddy thought it might help if he put a sex video on the television. We started watching a really sexy one of a threesome. Two males and a female. We were joking around, saying we should copy what they were doing on television.

Finally, Gerry suggested that I get on my hands and knees and show Buddy how I liked and enjoyed sucking his cock. I didn't need any more invitation, so I spread Gerry''s legs and knelt between them. First, I lay down on top of Gerry, my mouth locked on his, tasting the beer and the cheese in his mouth, my tongue burying itself into his as his tongue met mine. My hands were on his nipples, stroking just the way he loved me to touch them. They were already hard and stiff, so I moved down and sucked on them both, gently stroking with my teeth. I opened my mouth so Buddy could see what I was doing to Gerry. I could see that Buddy was stroking his cock, which was very hard by then.

I slowly traced my mouth and tongue down Gerry's stomach, his groin and finally to the triangle of hair that surrounded his rock hard cock. I could feel their eyes on me, watching everything I was doing. I knew Gerry was totally aroused and I could sense that Buddy was bursting with wanting me. But he was waiting for Gerry to give him the okay. Not just yet. Gerry was enjoying this too much.

I raised up on my knees, and moved his cock out of the way just a bit, so I could take his balls into my mouth. I stroked them with my tongue so Buddy could see, and then gently sucked them into my mouth. I made a lot of slurping noises as I wetted them down. I could hear Buddy groaning. Gerry just kept telling me to go on and never stop. 

Figuring that neither could take much longer, I placed Gerry's balls in my hand and gently stroked them. I opened my mouth and started licking and sucking on Gerry's cockhead. I put my other hand on the base of his shaft and pulled upwards as my mouth went down on his head. I let Buddy see me probing the slit at the end and licking off the oozing re-cum juices I knew would be there.

With a sudden motion, I stroked Gerry's cock up as I sunk completely down on his cock. The head went into my mouth, and almost all of his shaft. As I withdrew, my mouth juices left the cock all shiny and wet. This time, I could hear Gerry moan. "Yes Yes, just like that, don't stop". I was going up and down on Gerry's cock, my hands stroking, so my ass was up in the air, bouncing up and down to match my sucking.

Buddy couldn't stand it any longer. With one motion, he got off the bed and came around and positioned himself behind me. With both hands, he spread my ass cheeks and gasped as he saw what was in front of him. A glistening, wet redheaded cunt. As one hand caressed and grabbed one ass cheek, he thrust a finger into my hot throbbing pussy. No time for teasing now, he could feel I was more than ready.

His finger explored, stroked and jabbed, until he could feel that I was trying to ride his finger. My breathing had gone ragged and I was sinking further and further down on Gerry's cock at each jab of Buddy's finger. Buddy just gave into the way he was feeling, and he grabbed his hard cock, aimed it at my pussy entrance and slammed into me. Not little by little, or teasing my clit...one stroke that went right to the bottom of me.

My inside muscles grabbed and sucked and pulled on his cock. Buddy put his hands on my waist and pulled me tightly against him. No matter how I moved, or what I did, it only drove him deeper inside me. His stroking became hard and fast, which only make me suck harder and faster on Gerrry's cock. When Buddy slammed into me, I was driven down onto Gerry's cock. His stroking was so hard that I felt Gerry's cock slide deep into my throat. Gerry was bucking now too, watching Buddy screw me hard and wild, while I was locked onto his cock. 

I don't know who reached for my nipples, but that was all I could take. When I felt them being squeezed and the nipples being pinched, I exploded. I arched my back, and let out deep moans, wanting to feel the cum in my pussy and the cum in my mouth. Both Buddy and Gerry came at the same time, Buddy's strokes were not slowing down at all, so the sensations came over us in waves, making one and then another and another. As Buddy reached another climax, then it would make me cum again and in turn, I would suck Gerry into another climax.

It seemed like forever before we started to slow down. I could feel Gerry's cock get softer and softer. Soon Buddy's soft cock slid out of my pussy. We just lay on the bed, not saying a word, as we tried to catch our breaths. Talk about an experience, I think we all could agree that it was wonderful.

Buddy replenished the beer and goodies. Surprisingly enough, we were hungry. It didn't take long before we were back watching the movie, commenting on what we were watching and what we had been doing just a short time earlier.

As we were relaxing and watching the movie on television, I could feel Buddy's hands starting to stroke my body again, this time more slowly and more gently. Gerry was just enjoying watching, at least for the moment. He already had known me for a full night, so he was willing to share, as least for right now.

Buddy's fingers explored my clit, my pussy, traced his fingers up to the little knob and caressed it very very gently. It was swollen and a bit tender, but he was easy. I could feel the wanting warmth start in my groin again. Buddy asked me to turn on my side, so I was lying against Gerry, my head on his shoulder, Of course, my hand immediately went down to Gerry's cock and I started stroking his balls and his hardening dick.

I realized that Buddy had moved my leg up over Gerry's thigh, so he could feel my clit and pussy better. But, I soon realized that he was stroking from my pussy to my asshole. Buddy reached over and took something off the bedside table. I found out it was jelly of some kind, as his finger then started to probe into my asshole, and he was putting something slippery inside. It did make it easier, because my muscles would not relax. So, he just inserted his finger and held it still. At first, my body wanted to eject the intrusion, but he persisted, his fingers splayed and dug into my ass cheeks so I couldn't dislodge him.

Within a minute or two, the feeling changed, and I started moving on his finger. It felt good. So, Buddy moved his fingers in small circles, trying to make that muscle relax. Soon it did, so Buddy added a second and then a third finger. It felt like I was stuffed full. If felt good and it didn't feel good...it hurt at first and then it didn't hurt any longer. I wanted to be fucked in the ass, I wanted it more than the discomfort.

Buddy hadn't said anything until this point, but he told Gerry he was going to make a sandwich. For a second, I thought he was going to stop and go downstairs and make a sandwich. And then I realized what he meant...I wasn't sure I wanted this, but Gerry calmed me right down and said that it would be okay.

Gerry moved off the bed and Buddy told me to get on my hands and knees, with my head on the pillow. He took his fingers out of my ass, and coated his cock with more of that slippery jelly, then placed the head of his cock against my asshole. I moaned that he was too big, to stop...but he just kept his head against my asshole and reached down to stroke my clit. Then, he reached one finger into my pussy and started stroking the wall of my cunt. 

Without realizing it, I was paying attention to his finger and didn't realize that his cock had popped into my asshole. Just the head of it, because I tried to get him to pull it out. It didn't hurt, but it wasn't comfortable. Buddy just stopped moving again, but continued playing with my clit and pussy. I became so hot, that before I realized it, I was rocking back and forth on his cock, wanting him to insert it all the way to his balls.

Buddy proceeded very slowly and finally, it was all in. And then when he pulled back out to the cockhead, I went wild. I felt like I was being turned inside out. I wanted him to jam himself back in, and I leaned back against him hard. "Gerry, I don't think she has been butt fucked very often, she is some tight, but oh, is she hot...I am not going to last long at this rate".

With that, Buddy reached down and grabbed both tits, squeezing so hard, I gasped from the sudden pain, but it only made me want him to continue.
