 This is a copyrighted original work by the author. All rights reserved. 

I want to give thanks to Innocent Kink for editing and helping me with this story. 

All characters featured herein are at least eighteen years of age, even if not expressly stated. Any resemblance between actual persons, living or dead is entirely coincidental. Everything that happens in this story is consensual sex between a husband, wife, and their friend. You may want to read How to Fix Your Editing Problem before reading this but it is not absolutely necessary. Just gives a little more insight to this story. Thanks, Dean. 

***** 

After finding out that my wife had shared with her girlfriend Marcie that I was writing erotica and placing it on Literotica I decided to have some fun with both of them. My wife had confided in me that Marcie was in need of sexual satisfaction because her husband paid no attention to her anymore. Marcie is a doll and I don't know what his problem was but I was more than happy to fulfill my wife's request to write a story about the three of us and have us consummate whatever my brain could come up with. 

I had already told Amanda, my wife, that I was going to write a story about a fishing and camping trip and that we would be gone a week. Amanda told Marcie about it and they planned a week in August for us to go. I had three weeks to write the story and I had started it but there was plenty of work to do. I sat at my computer for a few days and wrote the story. I gave a copy of it to my wife and Marcie and they liked what was there except that Marcie asked if there was something that she wanted to try if that was okay by me. There was absolutely no way I would say no. What follows is not the actual story it is the edit to what happened. The edit was much more enlightening to what happened so on with the story. 

The first week of August had finally arrived. I had been working on a story for a couple of weeks and I was now headed out with my wife, Amanda, and her best friend, Marcie, on a camping and fishing trip. We had packed our camper and headed to a campground about 3 hours away that was perfect for what we had in mind. It was close to town so we could get anything we needed without over packing with supplies yet it allowed us to be away from crowds as well. The campground was new so it did not have the usual groups of people that returned to it week after week yet. I knew in time this would happen but for now it was the perfect location. 

We left Sunday morning so we could be set up by early afternoon and we knew that most people who would be camping for the weekend would have packed and left or be in the process when we got there. Our decision proved to be correct since there was only one camper in the entire campground. We parked at the far end of the campground to afford us some privacy as well and began to set up. 

Marcie seemed a bit apprehensive at the beginning, which was to be expected I guess. She had never done anything like this before and her nervousness showed in the beginning. I walked over to my wife and asked her if there was anything that was, out of bounds, for the week and she said, "Let's just be ourselves and do whatever comes to mind." 

That worked for me and I knew that my wife wanted Marcie to have a great week and a week that she would have fantasies about for a long time. Both of the women wore little short skirts to the campground which at the time I thought was odd since we were camping but I wasn't going to mention it to them. I found out from my wife later that she arranged that so I would have easier access to both of them and she thought Marcie would come out of her shell quicker that way. 

Watching both of these women in short skirts, bending over to put things away, was having an effect on my cock and I figured that since we were her to fish I would go fishing right here at the campground. I walked over to my wife while she was bent over to pick up a box and reached up under her skirt and grabbed the waistband of the panties she was wearing and said, "You seem to be a bit overdressed sweetheart." I quickly pulled her panties down to her ankles and asked her to lift her legs so that I could remove them. She just did as I asked and then I turned to Marcie with a big grin on my face and said, "Looks like you have the same problem." 

As I got close to Marcie she turned around and pretended to pick something up as I repeated the same thing with her panties. I was in heaven and we had only been here a half hour. "Just so you know ladies panties are not allowed for the rest of the week." 

"What if we have to go into town?" My wife asked. 

"Looks like you will have to make do, without your panties." 

We worked for a while finishing up around camp and I decided that I would walk across the road a ways and try my luck with the fish. While I knew that sex was the biggest reason we were on this trip I also like to fish and having a little time away from the ladies would not hurt any of us. I would give them a little time to plot what they wanted to do today while I was gone. I wanted them thinking it so I walked over to both of them and told them I would be back in a second and then put my arms around their waists. Just as I was about to leave however I reached down under the backs of their skirts and cupped their pussies and gave them a little rub so they had something to think about while I was gone. 

They both looked at me with a smile and as I was just about out of ear shot I heard Marcie say, "Don't be gone too long we might get lonely." 

"I won't be I am just going to go and get supper." I hollered back to them as I crossed the road. 

I kept my word since I was only gone about 45 minutes. Most of that was walking to the stream and back. I had five nice trout for us to eat that evening. As I arrived back at camp I did not see the ladies anywhere and the truck was still here so I knew that they could not have gone too far. I cleaned my fish and then walked into the camper hoping to find them. No one in sight in here either, so I grabbed a beer from the fridge and sat down outside in the shade to wait for them to get back. 

I had not more than sat down and both of them walked up on either side of my chair and looked down at me smiling. I knew something was up but I had not a clue what it was. Each one of them got down and started to take one of my shoes off. I looked at them wondering what they were up to until my wife said, "Marcie don't you remember someone telling us that we were overdressed this morning and that underwear was not allowed this week?" 

I was had and I knew it. They were using my own words against me and I really didn't care at that point. My wife unbuckled my belt, unsnapped my pants, and then drew the zipper down. They each then grabbed a leg of my pants and my wife commanded, "Lift" so I rose up as much as I could and my pants went off in a flash. 

I was sitting in my chair in my underwear and shirt just waiting to see what would happen next when my wife told Marcie to do the honors. Marcie grabbed at my hips and pulled my underwear down my legs very slowly and then handed them to my wife. My wife just looked at Marcie and said, "Attack." 

Marcie did just as my wife said she did attack. She took my half hard cock into her mouth and began to suck it into her mouth. She acted as if she had not had a cock in years. I knew what my wife and Marcie were doing while I was gone. I need to be gone more often I thought to myself. Marcie continued to suck my cock until I was hard and then my wife walked over and said, "I think he is hard enough for now Marcie let's let him sweat for a while." 

I got it this was a game and I was the pawn. I thought we came out here so that I could have some fun teasing them and in reality it was two against one and I was the one. This is going to take some serious thinking, I thought to myself. Both of the women walked back into the camper and got themselves a beer and one for me. They took their chairs and sat them on either side of me and started to laugh. "I don't see what is so funny?" I remarked as they sat down. 

"You are the only one that doesn't," my wife said with a grin. 

"You two better be careful because I will be the one laughing when you both have little cherry red asses to sit on if you're not careful." 

"Promises, promises," was all I heard from them both almost in stereo. 

"Ladies I think we need to go for a walk." 

"Where are we going?" 

"To the wood shed so to speak." I replied. 

I got up out of my chair, chugged down my beer, and walked to my truck. "We are taking your truck for a walk?" laughed Marcie. 

"No little lady but what's in it is going to take you for a walk." I replied and then looking at my wife I told her to get her bag. My wife got out of her chair and hurried into the camper and grabbed her bag. When she came out I had a leather case in my hand and I motioned for them to head toward the woods behind us. 

"Does he realize that he still doesn't have any underwear on?" Marcie whispered to my wife hoping I would not hear her. 

"We don't either if you haven't noticed." My wife replied. 

"Yeah but we have skirts on at least we aren't almost stark naked." 

"Give it a minute we will be." My wife said looking at her and then turning to me with a smile. 

"Do you know where he is taking us?" Marcie asked. 

"Oh I have a very good idea where he is taking us. We have camped here one other time and we found lots of places to play." Amanda said as they continued to walk down the path. 

We did not walk to far down the path until we came to a cute little park bench that we had spotted on our last trip here. It was made of logs that had been cut in half lengthwise. Someone had spent a lot of time making it and they had taken the time to make it very smooth. I knew that the ladies would enjoy it. "Which one of you wants to go first?" I asked with a smile. 

My wife piped up and said that she would go first. This wife of mine is a shrewd character. She knows me and probably knew what was going to happen and she wanted to be first. "What are you going to do to her?" Marcie asked. 

"Why I am going to paddle her ass and then when I am finished with that I am going to plug it that is what I am going to do to her. Then it will be your turn. After that we will see what happens." I replied with a great big grin on my face. 

"Where do I go while you are doing that?" Marcie wanted to know. 

"You are going to stand right there and watch so you know what to expect. Let's just call it a learning experience." I replied as Amanda took off her skirt, blouse and bra. 

Amanda placed herself over the bench and spread her legs wide. She grabbed onto the front of the bench after she was bent over and waited for me to begin. 

"This is what I expect you to do when it's your turn Marcie so pay close attention to what Amanda does." I told her as her eyes watched Amanda intently. 

Once Amanda was ready I rubbed her ass for a little while and then reached down and cupped her pussy. She was not wet yet and I showed my hand to Marcie. I started to spank Amanda's ass with my hand and Marcie just stared while I continued to spank Amanda. I again started to rub Amanda's ass giving her a break and when I cupped her pussy this time moisture was on my fingers when I showed them to Marcie. 

"You are trying to tell me that she really does enjoy all of this aren't you." 

"When I am finished you will know for a fact that she likes this and in fact she needs this. I am hoping that you will as well sweetheart and we will know that in just a few minutes." I told Marcie as I picked up the bag and took out my leather paddle. 

I told my wife that I was only going to give her ten swats with the paddle and she said, "Thank you sir." I began to slap my wife with the paddle making sure to cover all of her ass. Ten swats with the paddle would not even begin to make Amanda squirm but she was doing a good show of making Marcie think it was affecting her. That girl was a good actress if I say so myself. She knew that Marcie was new to this and she wanted her to like what we did not be afraid of what we did. When the final stroke landed on her ass, my wife reached behind her and pulled the cheeks of her ass apart showing both of us her cute little asshole. 

"Why is she doing that?" Marcie asked. 

"She is waiting for this." I said as I reached in the bag and pulled out a small butt plug. 

I reached into the bag and grabbed the KY and lubed up the plug and slowly began to insert it into her ass. Once the plug was in I reached down again and cupped Amanda's pussy. I showed my hand to Marcie and she gasped when she saw that that my hand was soaked. "You may get up now sweetheart so that Marcie can have her turn." 

Marcie was a bit apprehensive and my wife could tell that by the look on her face. She went over to her and said, "Marcie it's okay, he will not hurt you and what he does will begin to show you what we enjoy doing together." 

Marcie began to take off her blouse and bra as I watched her intently. Her breasts were gorgeous and I told her that as she undressed. She unfastened her skirt and let it fall to the ground and slowly walked over to the bench just as Amanda had done before. I was finally able to see Marcie's pussy for the first time. Where my wife has a pussy that is completely shaved, just for me I might add, Marcie had a pussy that was completely covered with hair. I did not get to look at it long but I would have time for that later. Marcie walked over to the bench just as my wife had and placed herself over it spreading her legs wide as well. Once she was in position I asked her if she was ready and she replied that she was. I rubbed her ass just like I had my wife's and then cupped her pussy as well before I began. The only difference was that she was already wet and I showed my glistening hand to my wife with a smile. 

I began to slap Marcie's ass with my hand and listened to her groan and whisper as each stroke fell. Marcie was enjoying this even if it was just a warm up to what was to follow. When I felt she was ready to proceed to the paddle I first rubbed her ass and then cupped her pussy before starting. My hand was drenched as I withdrew it from her soaked pussy. I picked up the paddle and delivered the first blow and Marcie came. She shook and shook like she had never had an orgasm before. Before giving her another stroke of the paddle I reached under her again and shoved two fingers into her and slowly stroked them into her. It was not long before she let out a gasp and came again. I had never seen anyone react to an orgasm like Marci did. She visibly shook and then let out a long sigh before collapsing forward over the bench leaving her ass still in position for the paddle. I asked her if she needed a minute and she replied, "Oh please no keep spanking me sir." 

I was surprised by her calling me sir and I looked over at my wife, who had a smile on her face, and then took the paddle and began to give her the remainder of her swats. Her ass was a nice shade of pink, not near as red as my wife's ass for good reason. My wife could take it and I was not sure yet what Marcie could or couldn't take. When I gave the last swat she immediately reached back and took her cheeks and parted them as far apart as they would stretch. Her asshole was pink and quivering and I had not even touched it yet. I rubbed Marci's back for a few minutes and then began to rub her ass when I asked her if she had ever had anyone take her ass before. She replied, "I have never had anything in my ass before sir, I would not let my husband touch me there." 

I guess I was shocked at that statement. She had told us that she doesn't really have sex anymore and she won't let her husband play with her ass but she was willing to let me. There was something strange going on and I wanted to know what it was however it could wait. Since she had never had anything in her ass before I knew that I needed to go slow, so I put KY on my finger, and then slowly started to massage her asshole. I worked my finger slowly into her ass and she moaned the entire time I stroked my finger in and out. I proceeded to add another finger and she said, "Can you just shove them in please...sir?" 

For someone who had never been involved in ass play she sure took to it in a hurry. I shoved both fingers into her until she was ready for the butt plug. I grabbed another one from the bag and lubed it up. Once I was ready I placed it at her opening and she pulled on her cheeks harder to open herself up as much as possible. I slowly inserted it in until it seated and then started to rub her ass again. I reached down to her pussy and my hand was wet before I got to it. I told her that she could now stand up as well. 

My wife looked at her and smiled and said, "Well what do you think?" 

"That was the most amazing thing I have ever had in my life, are you sure we can only stay a week?" 

I laughed at her and told her that after a week she would need to rest and recuperate. The ladies stood around and talked while I picked everything up and put it in my bag, including their clothes, and then asked them if they were ready for the last task. Marcie looked at me and said, "What last task?" 

"Oh it is very simple. You are going to race each other back to camp and the one who finishes last gets to paddle the other one and I get to fuck her in the ass." 

"I don't know if I can do that sir." 

"Is there something wrong Marcie?" My wife asked. 

"I have never had anal sex before and I was always afraid of doing it." 

"Don't worry sweetheart Dean will be gentle with you and besides if you don't lose you don't have anything to worry about." 

"That's true and I ran track in school." 

My wife just smiled and looked at me. "Okay ladies here are the rules. First one to camp with their plug in their ass wins. No plug and you lose." 

My wife figured that I would do something like that because she knows me too well. She also knew that if she went first her ass would be used to the plug while Marcie was still trying to accommodate hers. I yelled go and they both took off down the trail toward the camper. Marcie was ahead almost all the way back until she relaxed her ass a little too much and the plug came out. "Oh my God what am I supposed to do?" Marcie yelled at Amanda. 

"Shove it back in and keep running," my wife yelled as she went past her. 

Marcie got the plug back in but it was too late. Amanda was already at the camp ground drinking a beer when Marcie got there. I laughed when I saw the two of them with their cute little asses plugged standing around waiting for me. My wife of course had to taunt her friend with "I get to spank you, I get to spank you." 

I replied with, "If you're not careful I will get to spank you as well you know." 

"I was just having a little fun." She replied back. 

"Yeah at my expense." Marcie quipped. 

I walked over to Marcie and whispered into her ear that I would make sure that she had a chance to spank Amanda before this week was over, which brought a smile to her face, and a "What are you two whispering about over there?" 

"Nothing you need to concern yourself with my dear." I told my wife. 

I told Marcie to lie over the back of the chair so that my wife could spank her and she did exactly as I asked. I told Amanda that she could smack her ten times with her hand and she replied, "Just how many would I have gotten had I been the one to lose the race honey?" 

"I note a bit of haughtiness in your voice sweetheart, and if you would like me to show you how many you would have received keep it up and I will show you with a paddle." 

All I heard from my wife was the slaps to Marcie's ass as she began to spank her. After Amanda had finished Marcie looked up at me and said, "Where would you like me sir?" 
