 Five 

15. Slovakian food for five, and then a rousing game of Scrabble. 

Spring, the second year

Lifting my head, I see my love coming toward me across the bed on her hands and knees. Her face glows wetly, covered with Amy's cream. My mouth hangs open in a silent scream of passion and our eyes meet. She is so gorgeous, tendrils of her dark hair plastered to her wet face.

Beneath me, Karl lifts, driving his cock higher up into my pussy, even as Tom moves too, his own cock going in and out of my ass. I can't move much like this, being at the mercy of the cocks thrusting in and out of me.

Yana's lips cover mine as she kisses me. I taste Amy.

The orgasm that has been teasing me for the last few minutes rises up to its height and I have to break the kiss to scream. Karl cries out too, pushing up into me and holding still as he too comes. Tom, my sweet, Tom, clutches my hips and draws my ass onto his cock, speeding up now, anxious to join me in rapture. I cry out with pleasure again, clutching Yana's face and pulling her to my lips again, sharing with her too as Tom grunts and spews inside of me. 

I can't move. Slowly, gingerly, Yana and I part, and I scrape the stiff tips of my breasts over Karl's chest as I fall forward limply, and I kiss him too, feeling Yana's heavy boobs graze my back before she stretches to Tom kiss as well.

The bed moves again as Amy stretches out next to her boyfriend, joining me in kissing Karl. I taste Yana on her as she and I touch our mouths together.

This is all her fault.

Or maybe it is Karl's. Does it matter?

They'd joined us for dinner. Yana cooked Slovakian food. The meal was heavy, leaving us all languid. Afterwards, we played Scrabble, which Yana is surprisingly good at, despite English being a second language. I was enjoying myself and our company. Yana looked beautiful in very short shorts and a mid-drift baring blouse with daring décolletage. The girl knows how to dress her chest. Tom was tall and handsome in hiking shorts and one of his outdoor travel shirts. Our guests looked good together. Karl is even taller than Amy, which is so nice for her. She looked beautiful and happy with her new lover. Over Capris, she wore a cute little sleeveless top that hugged her chest provocatively. Karl was, in contrast to Tom, more fashionably dressed and he seemed quite charming.

Sometime during the game, Karl made some silly, but inevitable comment about bisexual women. Part of the reason the Yana, Tom and I were comfortable inviting the two of them over was that we felt they would accept our triad. And they do. It was so nice to be ourselves around others who didn't judge us. Karl wasn't trying to be stupid. Being stupid just comes so naturally.

"Of course," he had begun, "bisexuality in woman is almost fashionable anymore, isn't it?" 

How had it even come up?

Amy rolled her eyes. Tom didn't say a word.

"Fashionable?" asked Yana. After the months she had spent fighting her attraction to me because homosexuality—even if called bisexuality—is hardly fashionable. 

Karl went on. "Sure. We see it in movies. Television. Advertising. For a woman to make love to another woman is hardly even risqué anymore."

Yana snorted. "Tell that to my parents."

"What about you, Kelly? Do your parents know you like girls?" 

I nodded. "My mother knows." We had had quite the long talk about it.

Yana fought for her own answer. "I want to tell them. I love Gelly. I love Tom too. Love is not a fashion. But my parents are so conventional. And Catholic." She faltered, trying to deal with the very idea of confiding in her parents about her sexuality. And why? Shouldn't they love her first? Ofv course, things are not so simple. 

Amy spoke finally, seething under the surface. I could see the heat in Yana too. "Karl, you may think that bisexuality in women is trendy and popular, but could you deal with the reality of it?

"What do you mean?"

"Beyond the male fantasy? Could you love a woman who is bisexual?" Amy probed.

I shuddered. Apparently he didn't know.

Karl tried to give the very best politically correct answer. Of course he could, if he and the woman truly felt a bond. 

"Bullshit," Amy countered.

"How is that bullshit?"

"Would you want her to bring home other girls for the two of you to fuck? Would you allow her to be herself? What would you expect to define your relationship? If you loved her, would you want her to be promiscuous? What is she wanted to have sex with other women without you? What if she wanted to be monogamous? Would you bug her about having a three-way? What if she wanted affairs? Would you demand she be monogamous, for you?"

She was flustered and repeating herself. 

Karl allowed as how he would not mind trying a threesome sometime.

I think all of us laughed at that. It started roughly, then managed to break the tension.

But Amy was on her feet, pacing. I knew she was torn up. They hadn't been dating long. Most men think they would love to have a bi girlfriend, but not many can handle it. There often comes an awkward point where the threesome prospect comes up. Being bisexual doesn't necessarily mean that the woman is going to want to invite other women into her relationship with a man or a man into her relationship with a woman. There is the jealousy, the insecurity, the doubt. I went through all of that when Tom and I gotten back together again to form our first triad with Lindsay. He had dumped me the year before and all. Of course, now I understood that was all just a horrible miscommunication, but I had been hurt, and I wondered during our first months together if he loved me or if he loved having two girlfriends.

He does love me. I know that now. Tom is smart and charming and talented and I love him for the intensity he brings to everything we do together. He genuinely cares, we talk and talk, and when he is not around, I feel like part of me is missing. With Yana now our lover, that sense of completion has bloomed into an almost overwhelming sense of satisfaction. 

The thing was, now, with Yana and Tom and I settling in to our happy little ménage a trois, I was still thinking about doing it with others. That bothered me. How could I be so in love and crave mere physical sensation. Some part of me was a voyeur, and I wanted to see Yana making love to another woman. I also liked fantasizing about having more than one man again. We three had talked about it. It made great intellectual fodder while sitting around naked together, conjuring up images of ever expanding group sex. Yana loves to fuck almost more than any other woman I have ever known. And Tom loves women. Adores them.

Still, I was a little taken aback at what happened next.

"Fine," Amy said finally, her seething anger finally overflowing. She tugged Yana to her feet, then wrapped her arms around her and held her close, and lowered her lips to Yana's as their bodies pressed together. Yana was surprised and startled, her body stiff at first, but then she relaxed and let Amy kiss her. She even moaned.

Amy tossed her head back, dark hair dancing as she looked down at Karl. Yana just kind of hung in her arms with her eyes closed.

"Guess what, Karl," she seethed. "Your girlfriend is bisexual."

Amy looked to Tom and me as we sat on the couch, the forgotten Scrabble game on the table before us. She had been with us both several times, a few months earlier, before Yana gave up pretending she was not in love with us and moved in during winter break. But Yana had not been with any other woman but me. I knew what Amy was asking. I cringed at the thought. But that thought excited me too.

What would Yana do?

Amy turned back, kissing my girlfriend again, making love to her with her mouth. Slowly, they sank into the loveseat, with Yana giving no indication she wanted Amy to stop. Their arms flowed around one another, softly touching, trailing over the lushness of another womanly body. Yana parted her legs to let Amy slip between them, pressing more ardently to her.

Breaking the kiss again, Amy turned to Karl. "And my parents don't know." Her fingers began to open Yana's blouse. Drawing it away, she exposed Yana's bra and the swell of her breasts. Dipping her head, she began to kiss her exposed flesh.

Coming up onto her knees, she turned to Karl again. "I want you to watch. Find the answer to some of those questions. Can you love a bisexual woman?"

Yana was looking at Tom and me. Her blue eyes were thick with excitement. They were full of questions. I rose from the couch and moved to her, brushing her brown hair from her face and looking deeply into her eyes. I kissed her. The kiss said everything. She wanted this.

I slipped away as Amy opened Yana's shorts. My girlfriend lifted her hips so another woman could draw them down her legs.

Moving to Karl, I led him back the couch and sat down again, Karl on one side, Tom on the other. Amy was standing, pushing down her Capris and wiggling out of them. Looking over her shoulder, she bent, dragged her panties down and off of her full round ass and stepped lightly out of them. Yana was wriggling out of her bra and blouse as Amy sank to her knees again and helped her out of her panties.

Karl gasped as he saw Yana's boobs for the first time. I leaned over and kissed his cheek softly. Before us, Amy lowered her lips to Yana once more, kissing her here, there and everywhere. Her hair dragged across the other woman's now naked flesh, contrasting sharply with the color and texture of her skin. Teeth scored the delicate flesh of nipples, drawing then up higher and harder.

My hands dropped into the laps of the two men. Both were hard. I caressed them together through their clothes, and I felt Tom press to me, his lips on my neck as one hand unbuttoned my shirt and slipped beneath it to fondle my breast. "What are you up to?" he breathed. He knew.

Watching my girlfriend being licked by Amy made me gasp. The sight excited and scared me. Slipping from the couch to the floor, I felt my shirt pulling from my jeans and my bare back scraping the upholstery. I turned, looking from one man to the other, my hands finding their hard cocks again.

All those horrible emotions were there again. Jealousy, fear, insecurity. Both Yana and Amy are curvy, while I am slender. Yana's boobs make men gasp. Amy is so beautiful. I opened Karl's jeans. Tom slipped off his shorts. It had been over a year since he had shared me with another man. We weren't in our relationship then, we were just fucking. He knew I had liked it. I told him I liked it. I liked it a lot. So much so that I had done it again without him, though he didn't know that. 

We exchanged a glance. He read my eyes and the lust in them. He knew what I wanted. He smiled and I loved him so much for that smile.

Tossing back my long, calico hair, I took Karl into my mouth. Cock-sucking is my forte. My turn to make him gasp. Pressing my lips to his lovely hard shaft, I drew back, feeling the length of him, and then I took him back in again, letting him feel my tongue laving him as my mouth surrounded him. I just love sucking cock. I love the feel of the stiffness passing my lips, the spongy head pressing to the roof of my mouth, going further even. I plunged my face down onto Karl.

Tom's cock was hard and thick and long in my hand, and I drew my fingers up and down on him as I fellated Karl. He leaned forward to help me out of my shirt and shorts, leaving me in nothing at all but my panties. Behind me, I heard the sound of my girlfriend coming.

Releasing Karl, I moved to take Tom in my mouth. I had only done that once before with Tom, moving from another man to suck him. I felt myself twitching as I did. Each cock felt so different under my tongue. Each was unique, hard and urgent.

I heard a rustle of movement behind me. Yana and Amy rearranged themselves, and I heard the familiar sounds of Amy in arousal. I wanted to turn and look, to see Yana, the woman I loved, licking another woman's pussy. I didn't know that was what she was doing. She might have been kissing Amy and using her fingers. But I wanted to think she was licking.

I let Tom fall from my mouth and turned to see. Amy was kneeling on the loveseat, back arched, her pussy pressed to my Yana's mouth. Yana's hands were holding tight to the swell of Amy's ass as her tongue lapped at the other woman's sex. The back of the loveseat was crushed under Amy's curled fingers as she hung on tightly and cried out in her excitement. Her lovely breasts rose and fell as she breathed, their nipples pointing. 

I took Karl back into my mouth, sucking teasingly, not wanting him to come, just wanting him excited and hard as he watched my girlfriend lick his girlfriend. Tom's cock glided under my fingers as he too watched one of the woman he loved make love to a woman he too had made love with. I took my time with the men, letting them revel in the exhibition before them.

Amy came with a cry and a mummer. I got to my feet and held out a hand to each man. They rose from the couch together, and I turned, catching their outstretched hands and led them to the bedroom. Once there, I stripped the covers from the bed and drew Karl forward.

"You said you wanted to try a threesome sometime," I whispered to him as I settled him on the bed. 

"I meant..."

My panties fluttered down my thighs as I rid myself of the last thing I wore. I knew what he meant. Silly boy.

"Wow."

I looked down, following his eyes. My mound looks nice bare, but I think it was the ring in my clit that he was wowing. Crawling up his body, I straddled him and let my pussy lips slip up and down the length of his shaft. I was quite wet from having sucked him and Tom. And hearing and seeing Yana and Amy making love certainly helped make me as wet as I was.

Rolling my hips, I teased the head of his cock between my lips, almost letting him in, and then coming up again. Tom fumbled in the drawer of the nightstand, found what he was looking for, and climbed onto the bed. Kneeling beside us, he took my face in his hands and kissed me so tenderly. I stopped moving over Karl and enjoyed the sweetness of that kiss. As we parted, he mouthed, "I love you," to me.

I reached between my legs and found Karl's cock and touched him to my pussy again. Tom laid his hands softly on my shoulders and pushed down. Karl slipped into me. I lifted, coming down again, taking him deeper. As I rose up the third time, Tom kissed me again, and I slammed down onto Karl.

Oh, my, my.

I rode Karl, loving the sensation of his hardness inside of me. I rolled my hips as I came down, catching the bliss of the tug on my clit ring as I ground against the base of his cock. Falling forward, I kissed him, suddenly aware that we hadn't kissed before. It was a nice kiss, hungry and afire. 

Rising up on my arms, I felt Tom's cock graze my cheek. I only had to turn my head and open my mouth to take him inside of me once again. Why did this excite me so? Having a man in my pussy and one in my mouth? What kind of girl am I?

All too soon, but not soon enough too, Tom took his cock from my mouth. I had coated it thickly, wanting him wet too. Then he was behind me, a tickle of lubricant dabbing to my ass. His finger pushed the lube into my hole. I cried out at the sting of being opened. More lube, then the tip of his cock touching me. Beneath us, Karl stopped fucking me, and my nails dug into his shoulders as Tom pushed against me there. I took a deep breath, letting it out slowly as I tried to push myself onto him. Easing, I moved forward. Karl came out of me, almost to the tip, and I slammed back down again, feeling the head of Tom's cock pummeling at my dark star. He stretched me, opened me, and with a surge, filled me. I cried out, the sensation of the length of him inside of me making me shudder. Drawing back, he grabbed my hips and let me breathe, and then he pulled me onto his cock, going all the way in this time as I slammed down hard onto Karl.

Oh, my, my.

I pressed my heated body to Karl's. We were both damp with perspiration and our bodies slipped lightly on one another as Tom's fucking of my ass drove me slickly over Karl. My little breasts slid against the hair of his chest, my nipples scratched by it. That was odd feeling. Tom has almost no hair on his chest.

As Tom established a rhythm, Karl matched it, both cocks moving in and out of me together. Lifting up, I offered my damp nipples to Karl's lips and tongue, my own mouth hanging open from the intensity of the sensation of the cocks drilling inside of me. What kind of girl am I?

The bed shifted, and I looked up to see Yana crawling across it to me. Her dark hair clung damply to her face, but her smile was broad and wanton. Karl slammed into me, his orgasm near, and he and Tom drew out of me together, then I held still as they sped up their thrusts. Yana kissed me, her mouth thick with the taste of Amy.

I came, loudly enough to wake the neighbors. My lungs exploded as I took deep, shredded gasps and tried to live. Underneath me, Karl came with me, bucking his hips to drive his cock high up inside of me as he did. I cried out again, and Yana kissed me, her tongue slipping in my mouth, wriggling. Somehow, I was holding her face in my hands, letting the kiss go on. I rolled my hips, pressing my clit and her ring hard to Karl, and I came again, feeling Tom coming too this time, gasping and breathing hard behind me.

We held still then, the four of us, letting me live again. The men went soft inside of my body as our breath returned. Tom stayed in me as long as he could, knowing I crave that, but all too soon my ass pushed him out. He drew away to fall heavily on the other side of Yana. The two of them rolled into each other's arms, kissing, loving one another. Amy was there beside Karl, her long, lush body pressed tightly to his as I kissed him. Lifting her head, she joined the kiss. Gingerly, I lifted from Karl and slipped over Amy's outstretched body to lie behind her. Her skin seemed cool on mine.

Reaching over her, I cupped one of her full breasts, my lips playing lightly on her neck as I fondled her. She pressed her bottom to me, rolling against my wet thighs.

I wondered if anything we had just done would answer Karl's stupid assumptions or Amy's hard questions. Would it make it any easier for Yana to tell her parents in Slovakia that she was in love with a woman? And a man? 

The five of us lay contentedly in the afterglow of sex for a time. There was little talking, but I wondered what each was thinking.

Amy shifted and rolled over into my arms, crushing her breasts on my own as she kissed me. Reaching behind her, she took Karl's soft cock in her fingers, stroking him gently with my cream that coated him. Tom left the bed for a moment, and in his absence, I felt the bed shift as Yana moved over Karl and let Amy feed his coated cock into her mouth.

Coming up on my knees, I straddled Amy's face, lowering my pussy to her mouth. Her tongue slid over my lips, flicked my ring before she moved down again. The bed moved as Tom returned, his cock clean, and Yana cried out, muffled by Karl's cock in her mouth as Tom slid into her pussy from behind. Oh, Yana! My darling. I opened my eyes to see her fucking two men at once for the very first time. I crushed my breasts under my hands, dragging my nails across my naked flesh at the sight, at the very thought. 

"Yana, I love you."

She lifted her mouth from Karl's cock and came up on her hands to kiss me as I sat on Amy's face and she licked her boyfriend's cum from my pussy. "I love you too, Gelly."

Shifting slightly, we opened Amy's long legs and Yana began to lap at her as I bent from atop Amy to suck Karl.

At one time, I raised my mouth from Karl to look at the naked tableau on my bed. Tom fucking our beloved Yana, Yana licking our dear friend Amy. Amy with her tongue now scooping Tom's cum from my butt, and before me, Karl, Amy's boyfriend, now my lover too with his hard cock rising so splendidly before me, wet and beautiful.
