 Amelia didn't really know what to expect as she pulled up in front of Christians house. She was a little nervous but thoughts of all their dirty conversations were rolling through her mind and she hoped that he had something fun planned for them. She put her car in park, grabbed her purse and started to climb out of her car.

Before she knew it, Christian was standing there, grabbing her for a hug. He had a mischievous grin on his face as he kissed her on the cheek and took her hand. He maneuvered her around and shut her car door, all the while smiling. His eyes danced with what she knew was a secret he was keeping and she looked at him sideways, but smiled and let him lead her to the house. 

As they stepped through the door, she noticed several guys in the living room. Her heart started beating hard in her chest and her palms got a little wet with nerves. Christian still holding her hand squeezed it just a little and eased her slight tension. She knew he wouldn't have led her into something dangerous, but he also knew her fantasies, so she figured she would just go with it. 

Christian introduced his friends to her, first was Alex. He stood up and walked over to where they stood, he had to be at least 6'2" with dark hair and sparkling green eyes. He slipped his shirt off over his head showing off his rock hard abs, reached down and gently kissed her on the cheek and walked over to lean against the wall behind them. She could feel his eyes on her, and a shiver ran up her spine. Scott was young, he couldn't have been more than 20, just taller than her by a few inches, maybe 5'9" or so, darker completed with twinkling dark brown eyes. She could almost read the mischief in them and realized that this was about to get interesting. The last introduction was James, tall, blonde, blue eyed, muscular, but not overdone. He smiled up at her from where he sat on the sofa and she knew exactly what was on his mind. 

Alex acted first, coming up behind her and kissing the back of her neck, her natural response was to drop her head slightly at the feeling of his warm breath and soft lips on her skin. He slid his hands up her sides and barely brushed the side of her breasts. She nearly whimpered as he slowly slid his hands around the front of her and run them up her stomach, under her shirt and to her breasts. She looked over at Christian and saw him sliding to his knees in front of Scott; she couldn't help but smile as she watched him slip Scotts jeans down and slipped his cock out from beneath his boxers. She was finding it hard to focus on Alex as she watched Christian begin to suck and stroke Scott's throbbing hard cock. 

Alex moved around in front of her and kissed her gently, lifting her chin slightly with his fingers, then harder as his hand moved away from her chin and slowly raised her shirt, pulling it up over her head and throwing it aside. He made quick work of removing her bra, and then his mouth was on her already erect nipples, sucking and nibbling on them. Before she knew it, Alex stepped away and Scott replaced him, she looked over and watched Christian make quick work of removing James's pants and take James's cock into his mouth. Scott had begun to remove her pants by this time and had slipped her panties off also. Scott slid to his knees and gently pressed his tongue to her already throbbing clit, she shivered in pleasure at the touch of his tongue on her while she continued watching Christian lick, suck, and stroke James's hard cock. 

Scotts slid one finger, then two into her tight, wanting pussy while his mouth stayed firmly clinched on her clit, sucking, licking, and nibbling. She could barely stay on her feet by this point. He seemed to realize this and stood up, grasped her hand and led her to the nearby sofa, he gruffly pushed her down onto it on her back and made quick work of grabbing her legs and pushing them apart, allowing him full access to her. She gasped as he thrust 2 fingers deep and hard back into her tight pussy, as he grasped her clit between his lips and sucked it hard into his mouth. 

Christian continued sucking James's cock, she watched Christian work his cock deep into his throat and back out again. Alex joined back in and stood next to the sofa, she reached up and grasped his cock and began sucking on him, licking the head of his cock and stroking between sucking him deep into her mouth, feeling the head of his cock tapping the back of her throat. While she worked Alex's cock, Scott continued with his oral assault on her pussy, sipping a 3rd finger into her tight hole and pounding it a little before sliding his fingers out. She whimpered as he took his fingers away, until he then gently pressed against her tight ass, barely slipping a finger in, a little then taking it away again. 

Alex changed positions with Scott and made quick work of wetting his fingers with her pussy, and then slipping two fingers into her tight, waiting ass. She nearly squeaked as he began fucking her ass with his fingers, then slipped the other two into her pussy. She seemed to be sucking and stroking harder on Scotts cock as Alex finger fucked both her holes and occasionally ran his tongue across her clit, pressing hard on the little nub. 

Christian and James came over to where they were and joined the action, James switching spots with Alex, and slowly sliding his throbbing cock into her tight, wanting pussy. Slow at first, and not too deep he began thrusting into her. She watched as Christian began to suck Scotts cock again and she made quick work of sucking Alex's back into her mouth, her whole body was shivering in pleasure at the onslaught of all this sexual arousal. Before she knew it, James slipped his cock out of her pussy and gently pressed his head against her ass, she groaned in pleasure as he worked it inside her, stretching her tight ass around his throbbing cock, he moved to position himself to be almost behind her, but sitting up and pulled her to sit on him, facing away. He pulled her back against his chest and began pushing his cock harder and harder into her ass, her moans and squeals of pleasure getting louder as his fingers slid down and began rubbing her clit. 

Alex moved to stand in front of her and carefully slipped his cock into her tight waiting pussy, she cried out in a combination of pleasure, and pain, at the feeling of both her holes being filled by hard throbbing cocks. Scott move over to give her mouth his cock and she grasped it and hungrily pushed it into her mouth, Christian on the other side of her, she stroked his cock, and took turns sucking his and Scotts cocks. James and Alex continued pounding both her holes, burying their cocks as deep and hard as they could, she came multiple times before James slipped his cock from her ass, causing her to whimper in displeasure, but quickly forced it into her pussy with Alex's. She nearly convulsed and started to cum the moment their two cocks spread her tight little pussy as far as they could. They both continued to pound her a little, but then Alex moved away and Scott moved in, slipping his cock into the place where Alex's had been. James slid his cock back out of her pussy and back into her ass and Scott and James continued burying their cocks deep inside her tight holes. 

She came over and over, her body writhing in pleasure at the feeling of all her holes being stuffed full of cocks. She continued sucking on Christians cock for a little longer before Christian moved away and began to suck Alex's cock once more. 

James then slid his cock back out of her ass, as did Scott and they turned her to face James, she sat back down on his throbbing cock, feeling it slid deep into her pussy, hitting her inner most reaches, and hit every nerve that hurt and felt good at the same time. He pulled her down against him, giving Scott access to her tight ass. Scott didn't waste a second and thrust himself hard and deep into her ass. Her entire body shook as the two of them pounded deep inside her. She watched Christian sucking and stroking Alex's cock and her mouth watered, she reached over and helped stroke Alex while Christian sucked him. Christian leaned back and Alex stepped away and went to trade positions with Scott, Scott moved over by Christian who didn't waste a moment, but grasped Scotts cock and started sucking it hard and deep into his mouth. She whimpered as Alex thrust his cock into her ass and began pumping into her. It seemed he was thrusting harder with each and every movement. 

She knew Scott wasn't going to last much longer and took turns sucking him, her for a little bit, then Christian. While James and Alex continued pounding her holes, her body nearly at its breaking point, she knew she was about to cum harder than she had yet since they had started playing. Christian turned to grasp and suck Scott alone, just allowing her to see Scott blow hard into Christian's mouth. As Scott blew, it was almost a chain reaction, she felt James's cock throbbing and hardening and his explosion deep inside her pussy, while Alex buried his cock harder in her ass, his veins throbbing as his juices exploded into her. Her whole body shook as she came so hard she felt herself squirting her juices all over James's still throbbing cock.  For a moment, she couldn't move, could barely take a deep breath, but then looked over at the smile on Christians face and began to giggle just a little. Before she realized it they were all splayed around the sofa laughing. Christian had stepped away and brought everyone back drinks, handing her a soda and gently kissing her cheek.

"Was it all you wanted and expected" he asked. 

"Oh hell yes, round two yet?" she replied and they all fell into vivacious laughter. 

For my friend Chris – I hope you enjoy.