 It was Sarah that first caught my attention in the club. Not difficult considering she was strikingly blonde, had the brightest blue eyes imaginable and was wearing a black dress that showed more skin than fabric (it was low cut, bare at the midriff and back and the skirt was like a belt around her waist- all held together by just a couple of elegant black straps). She stood out on the crowded dance floor and I guess I wasn't the only guy watching her moving like a trained dancer, erotically amongst the throng. It only took a few moments of watching to realise she was dancing with another girl, almost equally as gorgeous. This other girl, who I later found out, was called Nadine, she was slightly shorter than Sarah's impressive 5'7" but had the most amazing legs. Honestly, they were breathtaking, equally tanned and toned and stretching up to the hem of her bright yellow mini dress. She looked a couple of years younger and had her honey coloured long hair, sexily piled atop her head. Watching the two of them groove was too much for me and I placed my bottle of beer down and moved onto the dance floor with rude intentions in mind.

The two girls were so into the music that they seemed at one with it and barely noticed as I slid up next to them and surreptitiously began to catch their eye and dance alongside with them. Without being immodest I am a good looking bloke and a bloody good dancer and they allowed me to dance with them with the flash of their perfect, white teeth. At this closer range I was able to better appraise the two of them and upgrade them from gorgeous young ladies to absolute, 24 carat gold, fucking stunners! I won't describe our dancing other than to say it would probably be deemed illegal in many countries and it was all too quick that we headed back to the girls table. Perhaps unsurprisingly, they had a table set aside for them in the VIP area and as I took a seat between the giggling beauties on the luxurious sofa I was delighted to find another two nubile beauties join us at the table.

These two brunettes were around the same age as Sarah (early twenties) and had just freshly emerged from the clubs toilets and were as equally merry with drink as the others. Nicola was not the stunner that the others were but was never the less very easy on the eye with long, dyed, dark hair and an extremely fit figure, displayed in a short red mini-dress. Her eyes seemed to twinkle with knowing mischief and she came across as more forward than any of the rest. Her companion, who she had her arm around as they collapsed in fits of giggles onto the opposing sofa, also had long dark hair and despite hiding her legs in designer jeans wore just about the lowest cut top that I had ever laid eyes on (and it was difficult not to). She was called Kimberly and as well as an ample cleavage she possessed the most amazing bee stung, blow job lips that god had ever set upon a girls face.

"Alright, who's your friend?"

This from Nicola to Sarah and Nadine, her finger pointing at me. Quick as a flash I leaned forward, kissed the back of that hand and introduced myself.

"I'm John, pleasure to meet you."

The four girls seemed to all make quick eye contact and Nicola laughed.

"Yeah, he'll do just fine."

I never got to ask for what I would do fine for, as a fifth girl stumbled to the table carrying a large tray with three jugs of cocktails atop it.

She was introduced as Cheryl and, believe it or not, she was the best looking of all five of them! Which was no mean feat. She placed the round, silver tray on the table separating the two sofas and squeezed between Nicola and Kimberley and looked directly over at me.

"And who's this fucking prick?"

Yes, she had the face and body of an angel and a mouth like a sewer. She was serious as well in her question, she obviously thought I was a prick and wanted to know who I was. As Sarah, whose hands were starting to roam towards my cock, introduced me I took the chance to scan Cheryl. She was of a similar age to the other girls, had a killer figure with perfectly pert breasts that were half on display in an aqua green coloured mini dress, which when she deliberately crossed her legs across from me, showed that she was wearing no panties! She knew exactly what she was doing and keenly observed my reaction. She smiled at me and asked her friends.

"Is he up for it? Yesterday's one was a real let down."

Sarah's hand circled my hardening cock through the material of my trousers and gave it a hard squeeze before answering.

"Oh yeah, this one will do just fine."

I was beginning to realise there was more going on than was at first apparent, but whatever it was it sounded real interesting. For the next hour we just chilled out and to my surprise the five girls rebuffed a long line of guys who tried to ask them to dance (or more!). they seemed content drinking and chatting and flirting with me. Which I was more than happy to comply with. Whatever their little cryptic comments earlier meant was never alluded to again and I was beginning to think the night could not get much better when they started making moves to leave and made it clear I was coming with them. Not a hard decision, was it?

Their car was a white, stretch limousine and the six of us piled out of the club and into it in, our latest glasses of alcohol still in hand. Being the gentleman I am, I stood back to allow them in first (and took the opportunity to further ogle their rising hem lines as they inelegantly manoeuvred into the vehicle). Before my eyes popped out of my head an arm snaked out, grabbed the front of my shirt and literally hauled me inside after them.

As the chauffeur started up I found my balance and took in my surroundings. The interior was a plush, black leather affair and propped in the centre was an ice bucket containing another couple of bottles. They were obviously not short of money, thought I, as we cruised the dark streets of the city centre headed to who knew where. For the moment it seemed like I was forgotten about as the five of them giggled and laughed drunkenly and spilled as they actually managed to drink. Still every so often a hand or hands draped over me and I revelled in their soft touch and powerful, perfumed scent.

Their house, when we got there, was a very expensive affair and apparently all five of the fillies lived there. How they could afford such a place (it was like a mansion on the edge of the city) was something which I never asked and never found out, but once the driver let us out and headed off again we spilled into the front door and made our way to a massive living room near the back of the place. I've been around nice places before but this one took my breath away! Or maybe it was the girls themselves as with the alcohol consumed on the trip and their return home they were becoming randier and uncontrollable with each passing second.

The room was almost spacious enough for each of us to have a sofa to ourselves, but tellingly Kimberley and Nicola were snuggled tightly together on one and Sarah and Cheryl wasted little time dragging me to my feet in the centre of the room and as I looked questioningly at them all five began to chant and clap in unison.

"Strip! Strip! Strip! Strip!"

All eyes were fixed on me and Sarah prodded me to my feet and with music kicking in I thought "What the hell, what's the worst that can happen?" and hauled off my shirt to squeals and cheers from the five drunken girls seeing my chiselled physique for the first time. I kicked off my shoes and slowly slid my trousers off, leaving me dancing before them in just my silk boxer shorts and teasing them my playing my hands into the waist band a few times before pulling them down to my feet and kicking them to Nadine (damned if she didn't catch them and give them a good long sniff, like an addict getting a whiff of her fix) and revealing my long, hard cock in all it's well maintained glory. Honestly, I had never been this hard in my life, it was so stiff I reckon I could have cut glass with it!

It certainly seemed to please the girls and without further comment they seemed to move into a kind of "orgy mode", and I was in no mood to stop them. Sarah made it to her knees seconds before Cheryl did and it was the beautiful blonde's full red lips I felt on my cock first, followed by the second pair. They somehow managed to kiss both sides of my cock and opened their mouths enough that their lips connected around my cock, looking down and seeing this was one of the greatest sights in my life. But as Sarah took the helmet of my penis into her waiting mouth I could feel Cheryl shift slightly and seconds later felt her wet lips on my neatly trimmed bollocks! But the treat was not merely physical, oh no. Over to my right on their sofa Nicola was busily gorging herself on Kimberley's now exposed breasts, licking, biting and chewing at them like an expert (and judging from the look of ecstasy on Kimberley's face, she was one!). Which left Nadine and she was merrily stepping out of her short dress and removing her tiny black panties and, having caught my eye, she carefully reached her hand down to her shaved pussy and dipped two fingers into the glistening honey pot between her legs.

I took the chance to study Nadine more carefully, through my eyes that were involuntarily closing as Sarah's expert cock sucking mouth drew gasps from my mouth and shivers up my spine, the youngest of the five was a natural beauty. Her slim hand was hard at work in her pussy while her other hand roamed over her ample chest and fiddled and twiddled with her big, stiff nipples. She had an amazing, winsome smile that just made you want to smile in return and her highlighted hair cascaded expansively over her tanned shoulders. Her ass looked like a peach and I found myself wondering if she took cock in her ass.

I was shaken from these important thoughts by Sarah increasing the speed of her actions on my cock (maybe she sensed my minor distraction), her technique getting rougher and really working my cock hard. Cheryl too was increasing her tempo on my balls, her teeth were playfully holding my nuts before taking them into her mouth and rolling them around. This was all getting too much for me so early into the session and when the nubile Nadine moved behind me, pressed her breasts against my back and cupped her hands around me to play with my nipples and whispered filth into my ear.

"There's 15 holes here, that need your hard cock, you're gonna get the chance to fuck them all. I can't wait until you fuck my arsehole!"

Whoa! Too much for me and I felt my cock jerking and spasming and I looked down to see if the girls at my crotch would move but no, Sarah just removed her mouth from my cock, turned to kiss Cheryl and then the two sluts just faced me on their knees and opened their mouths to accept the heavy load of hot cum that spurted out and splattered their cover girl faces in several thick strands. Jeez, I could feel stirrings in my loins already as I looked down to see them licking my cum off each others faces and snowballing it between their mouths as they French kissed messily. Having successfully sucked my seed Cheryl and Sarah seemed to have forgotten about me and were so intent on themselves that their kissing became even more hot and passionate and they started to strip each other of the meagre dresses they had been wearing. Maybe I needed the break but I wasn't to get it as I felt Nadine trace her finger right down my back and the delve into my own arsehole and press in for an intense sensation!

A glance over showed me that Nicola was literally ripping the clothes from Kimberley's younger, curvier body and was kissing her with a force and passion that was scary. But Kimberley was loving being ravished and was grunting and squealing like a pig as Nicola worked her whole hand into Kimberley's tight pussy and began to fist her with a vengeance. While I contemplated that, Nadine turned me around to face her and, without speaking leaned back on the arm of a sofa and spread her legs for me, with my cock still recovering the only thing to be done was to sink to my knees and lick my lips in anticipation of the tasty feast that awaited me.

I spent quite some time with my head buried in Nadine's sweet pussy bringing her to a squealing, squirting climax, her hands thrashing about as she came. When I emerged it was to the sight of the voluptuous Kimberley bent down over the sofa, now stark naked and her breasts hanging, temptingly below her, while Nicola approached her from behind with an obscenely long, black dildo jutting out of her crotch from a strap on contraption. I paused a moment to take in the majesty of Nicola prising Kimberley's beautiful ass cheeks apart before sliding the plastic in deeply. As I observed this Nadine stood up and led me over to the end of the sofa by my re-invigorated penis and she guided my engorged cock into Kimberley's mouth and I relished the soft feel of her amazing lips. That sensation only increased as Nadine stood behind me and sank to her knees and I felt her tongue probe at my ass crack and into my asshole. As the four of us enjoyed every thrust from Nicola forcing Kimberley deeper onto my cock and Nadine's tongue deeper into my ass, I peered over to see that Sarah and Cheryl were now stark naked and in an incredibly hot looking 69 position in the centre of the room.

As enticing a scene as that was I was brought back to attention as Kimberley's lips fastened tighter around my cock and I felt my foreskin being sucked forward then drawn back with considerable force and once again I could feel sperm boiling in my hard, tight balls. Nicola really was thundering into Kimberley, ramming her plastic dick so deep and hard with every thrust but Kimberley's body was not only taking it but seemed to be relishing it, and I'm sure if she hadn't had my thick cock in her mouth she would have been wailing in ecstasy. Of course what with being given the best blow job of my life and having a sex pot giving my arsehole a rimming simultaneously was having it's effect on me as well. Almost at the same time Nicola pulled her dildo from Kimberley's sopping pussy and demanded Nadine crawl over and lick it clean of her juices, I pulled my cock from her mouth and directed another fiery spew of white, creamy cum all over Kimberley's perfectly tanned face.

I stood back panting and Kimberley lay across the arm of the sofa, spent with cum dripping from her face and watched Nadine enthusiastically lick the black strap-on clean of Kimberley's love juices. Oh boy were these girls nymphos or what? I couldn't wait to see what would go down (or who!) next. Sarah and Cheryl seemed to be in a contest to see who could give the other an all over tongue bath first and Nadine, having got the taste of Kimberley from the trails on the dildo, was crawling over to Kimberley's spread legs to get the nectar from it's actual source, which left me staring the fiery Nicola right in her eye.

I regarded her and no doubt, although she was easily the least beautiful of the five girls, she was still a very good looking girl. Her hair was pretty obviously dyed black and the were faint signs that she was a natural red head (well them and the slight wisps of red curls at her pussy). She was obviously the most dominant and confident of the five and she advanced towards me and pulled at my spent cock.

"Want to stick that thing in my ass?"

I nodded enthusiastically, not trusting my voice not to let me down.

"Well while your dick recovers I want to fuck YOU in the ass. Got a problem with that?"

It was a challenge to me, no doubt. And I got the message that if I didn't acquiesce the chances of me getting in her ass would be severely diminished. But what the hell! This had been a night of firsts for me and I did so want to bend the confident young woman over and show her what a real hard fuck was like. So again I nodded and it brought a knowing smile from her, that seemed to indicate 'they always do'. She led me over to another sofa and bent me nervously over it and I lay like that as she produced a tube of lube and coated her dildo and my ass liberally with it, for which I was eternally grateful. Then she parted my ass cheeks and eased the dildo into my virgin ass. Fortunately she was nowhere near as forceful as she had been with her friend and I had the strangest sensation as she pushed forward and I felt the plastic slide inside my tight ass and press against my prostate gland. And, OH! The sensations as she touched that. It was like an electric shock to my groin and immediately my cock showed signs of life again for a third time that night. 

I became aware that the other four girls had halted their Sapphic adventures for a moment to observe me taking it in the ass and they all looked to be enjoying it. But quite frankly so was I. This was all so new to me. Don't get me wrong, if it was a real cock up there I would have freaked out but knowing that it was a honey back there doing this to me and that she was more than willing to reciprocate added to my enjoyment greatly.

She fucked me like that for a full ten minutes and by the time she pulled out of my ass with an audible pop, I was rock hard again and wasted no time in bending Nicola over where I had so recently been and I plunged straight in, delivering her into an anal wonderland. While it had been my first time taking an anal fucking, this was certainly not my first visit to the joys of brown and I had never taken such a strong, toned ass before and Nicola certainly seemed to know exactly what to do to get the most out of the experience. She met my every thrust with one of her own in reverse and I felt my cock stiffen even further deep inside of her.

But I never came inside her. No, I was saving my next load of cum for that comely wench, Cheryl. As I pounded into Nicola from behind I kept my eyes on Sarah and Cheryl pleasuring each other on the floor and I realised what a fucking fine figure of a woman she really was. What a figure she possessed! And she just seemed so dirty and nasty as she licked with zeal at Sarah's pussy and ass and the skin in between. I wanted her so bad just then. Not that I could just leave Nicola hanging so I continued to fuck her but concentrated on not shooting my load in her ass, knowing a forth erection might be a long time coming for me. Fortunately, Nicola seeing Nadine lick out Kimberley so enthusiastically seemed to want the same treatment and eventually pulled away from me to proffer her honey pot for Nadine to eat and I was left hovering over the two sex bombs on the floor. I dropped to my knees and my stiff cock hovered inches from Cheryl's lips and Sarah's wet pussy. Distracted, Cheryl moved her attention to my cock and she began tasting Nicola's sweet ass on the end of my prick and it was a mere seconds before she had got off Sarah and was taking my cock right into her mouth and down into her throat. And boy could see deep throat!

By the time Sarah had got up and given Cheryl a playful spank on her ass and joined the others on the sofa, Cheryl had my full length buried in her mouth and my balls were bouncing playfully on her chin. Which was terrific, but for some reason I just wanted to fuck her in her pussy. It so looked so small and tight, I wasn't even sure I might fit but I sure wanted to find out. So once my cock was nice and slick I lifted her up and spread her shapely legs and fingered her pussy in preparation before slipping my length into her tight, wet hole. The look on her face as I filled her up will live with me a long time, her eyes opened wide then filled with joy as I hit home then gathered momentum and began to fuck her intensely. I tried everything I could to hold off shooting my load and it worked to a point, but with the perfect embodiment of sex on the end of my cock it was difficult and it wasn't too long that I gave in and gripped her shoulders tightly and sprayed my load deep in her pussy and she came in a screaming climax.
