 The past week had been hell, but having to bury your loved ones was never easy. Seeing the remains of our home had broken my heart, but not as much as watching my father and husband's caskets being lowered into the ground.

If it had not been for the love and support from Master and my sisters I probably would not have made it through. I could still see the worry in Felicia's eyes when she looked at me, she was afraid I would start blaming Master for their deaths. I knew it was their own courage that was the real cause of death. They went to downstairs to save my grandmother instead of going out the windows, and succumbed to the smoke.

I had tried to explain it to her, but she was still worried. It was still early in the grieving process, but I was closer to acceptance than anyone would expect me to be. Falling asleep surrounded by the love of my family every night was working wonders.

"Are you ready my dear," Master asked, drawing my attention back to the moment. I glanced up and saw Mr. Caputo was waiting for us. I nodded as I took Master's hand and let him lead me into the office. As far as I knew, I was just here to sign the paperwork for the estates. Master had already taken care of the funeral arrangements and gone over the wills with me.

"We should be able to finish this today and close out both estates. I contacted the insurance company as soon as I heard from Alonso and filed the claims on both policies," Mr. Caputo explained, "I just need your signature here, here, here and here, and you will be walking out of here with a check for the full benefit amount."

They were the same papers Master had gone over with me yesterday. I just had to sign to accept the payment and close out the estates. Figuring it was just the remains of their personal accounts, I didn't even check the amounts as I signed. I knew Master was looking out for me and had been over all the paperwork.

"Perfect," he said as he glanced over the papers and handed me an envelope. "This would be for you. I hope the next time we meet it will be under better circumstances."

I opened the envelope out of curiosity as they chatted about the insurance payout for the new house and stopped in shock. "This can't be right," I murmured. I knew my father and grandmother did not spend much, but there was no way they saved that kind of money. Then I remembered the life insurance policies that they had gotten after my mother's death. I just did not realize they were so high.

"Is there a problem my pet," Master asked as he glanced down at me.

"Sorry, I was just a bit distracted," I replied. "It's been a tiring week and I have not been sleeping very well the last couple nights." I hadn't been sleeping well, but it wasn't the stress. The smell and sounds of him making love to my sisters was driving crazy with desire. They had been very considerate, keeping their sexual activities in the other bedroom, but it was hard to miss Kiera's screams of pleasure or the smell when they opened the door.

I had wanted to join them all weekend, but had waited to finish dealing with the estates before telling him the truth. I wanted what my sisters had, to be his pet completely. I had held back because I loved my husband, but I had no reason to hold back anymore.

"Let's get you back to the hotel to rest," he told me, the concern clear in his eyes. I wanted to get back to the hotel, but not to rest. The mourning veil I was wearing hid the desire in my eyes, but he would see soon enough.

After a short exchange with Mr. Caputo, we were back in the limo and heading to the hotel. Master asked if I wanted to stop by the bank first, but I had other plans. "Just back to the hotel for now please, we can do that some other time."

Entering our room, I found my sisters in their usual state of undress and smiled. "Master, can you join my sisters in the living area? I need to use the restroom and freshen up first, but I would like to talk to everyone once I get out."

I could see the flash of fear in Felicia's eyes as I slipped into the bedroom. She had been sitting next to me when Master went over the paperwork, and probably paid more attention to it than I had, so she knew what the envelope in my hands was worth. I wasn't rich by any stretch, but it was more than enough to start a new life if I wanted to. I hope that I would put her fears to rest once and for all.

Unzipping my dress, I let it drop to the floor before grabbing my suitcase and slipping into the bathroom. Popping the latch, I smiled as I ran my fingers over the furs. Most people would say I was moving too fast, and under normal circumstances, I would have agreed with them. Alonso and Felicia had been just as important to me though, and I knew my family would approve of the step I was about to take.

-Felicia-

"I know she is not going to leave us," Kiera said. "You need to have faith little kitten."

I peeked under Master's chin and tried to smile at her. I was sitting in Master's lap, with Kiera and Marta sitting next to us. They all had their hands on me, trying to sooth my nerves, but seeing her with that check made it all too real. Nicolina's policy had been enough to make sure her medical bills were covered in the event of her death, and that her family would not have to worry about the cost of laying her to rest.

Teodoro had gone far beyond that. I guess he assumed that Master would be gone by the time he died, and wanted to make sure his only daughter would be able to support herself, no matter what the circumstances were. Between the two policies, she had over half a million euros to start a new life, and I could not shake the feeling that she was about to leave us. It had taken me almost a year after the death of my husband to start feeling any sexual desire again, and I could not imagine she would want to stay in our sexually charged household.

-Sonia-

Peeking around the door, I could see Felicia sitting in Master's lap, with Kiera and Marta on the side of them trying to calm her. It would all be over soon, and we could go back to sharing our love freely. I took one last look in the full-length mirror and smiled. If the outfit did not get my point across, the collar and envelope in my hands should.

Keeping my eyes lowered, I crossed the room to kneel in front of Master. The surprised gasp from Felicia made me smile and I looked up as I held the envelope and collar out to Master. The joy in her face was clear and I was sure she recognized the position I was in. She had told me about her first meeting with Master more than once, and I had tried to recreate it for myself.

Master clearly caught the implication and took the envelope without a word.

-Alonso-

It was like a flashback to one of my favorite memories, as Sonia knelt in front of me holding out the envelope. The only difference was my kitten had been wearing a bikini with the thigh high boots and opera length gloves when she first met me. Understanding her desire, I took the envelope and unfolded the letter inside, deeply concerned when the check from my lawyer fell out of it into my kitten's lap.

Dear Master,

Our circumstances have changed since I first asked you to be my Master. I need you to understand that I am not doing this to forget about my loss, but to start my new life with you and my sisters. I will never forget about my husband, and I know he would want me to move on and continue the life I have found with you.

The check is a symbol of my complete submission to you. Everything I am, and everything I have is yours. You have already given me everything I need, and I know you will continue to take care of me, so I don't need to open my own accounts.

My only desire is to become yours and revel in the love we have for each other. The collar in my hand is your promise to me. When you place it around my neck, you will become my Master for life. There are no restrictions and I want you to use and share me freely.

Your slave,

Sonia.

I picked up the collar and looked down into her eyes as my kitten crawled out of my lap to kneel next to Sonia. There was the same pleading look that my kitten had when she first met me on both of their faces.

"Are you sure this is what you want," I asked her. "I am worried about you jumping into a new relationship so soon after losing your husband and this is far more than a normal relationship."

"Yes Master," she replied. "It is not a new relationship though. I was involved with all of you before I lost my husband and that love helped me accept his death faster than I could have if I were alone. This is just me giving into my desires completely. I wanted to submit to you, but I had to keep some independence because I was married. I don't have to compromise anymore."

I could hear the sincerity of her words, but was still hesitant over her calling herself my slave. "I will claim you as my pet, but not as a slave. You will always have the option to change your mind, as I have no desire for you to feel trapped. Is that acceptable for you?"

"The title is irrelevant to me Master," she replied. "As far as I am concerned, you will own me completely whatever you choose to call it. I understand I have the option to change my mind, but I will never need it."

I saw her eyes light up when I leaned forward and placed the simple leather collar around her neck. When I leaned back, Felicia turned to embrace Sonia, with Marta and Kiera close behind. "I have a couple things I expect from you as my pet. Your sisters wear what they do because I prefer to see them this way. The outfit you have on right now is perfect, and will be all you are allowed to wear unless I say otherwise."

She licked her lips and nodded nervously, realizing her voluptuous body would be on constant display. My kitten had adjusted to visitors seeing her naked and I knew Sonia would as well, but the first few times would be hard for her.

"I also expect my pets to obey me," I told her as I picked up the check. "This was a gift from your father. He wanted you and your husband to have a nest egg after he passed, because he assumed I would be gone by then as well. This money is yours, and I expect you to decide what to do with it. Giving it to me is not an option."

She sat with her eyes scrunched up in thought for several minutes, looking between her sisters and me as she tried to decide what to do with the check. Finally, her eyes went wide with an idea and she gave me a calculating look. "Master, you will go along with anything I wish to use it for, except giving it to you?"

I nodded and smile spread across her face. "Very well Master, I want to use my money to find out why you can't have children. The doctor told you that you have no sperm count, but never looked into why. I was doing some research before we went on vacation and found there are several possible causes, and many of them can be fixed. I had planned on doing more research after our vacation and talking to you about it, because your insurance will probably not cover the procedures, but I can afford it myself now."

"Whatever is left after you can get us pregnant can go to getting fancy collars for me and my sisters, like the ones our sisters on the island have, then into collage funds for the children you will give us," she finished. "Will that be acceptable Master?"

"That will be fine my dear," I said. I was a bit shocked by the fact she thought my infertility could be fixed. "I am not sure it will work though. Dr. Bazzoli is one of the best fertility doctors in Italy, and I am sure he would have mentioned if there was a way to fix the issue."

"Sorry Master, but I have to disagree with you," she replied, shaking her head in disgust. "He is an expert in fixing fertility issues in his female patients, but he is still Italian. They tend to ignore male fertility issues, as most Italian men see it as making them less a man to admit it is their fault. The procedures are not readily available here, but can easily be found in America. That is why the insurance would probably not cover it. Please Master, at worst we spend a couple weeks to discover it can't be fixed, but I want that chance to bear your children."

I had told her it was her decision and I had to admit she was right. Most of the men I know would never admit they were shooting blanks. "Very well my dear, but as it was your idea, I expect you to find the doctor and set up the appointment. If you can arrange it for next week, we can delay our return to the island long enough to get your doctor's opinion."

"The contractor will be bringing the designs for the new house by tomorrow. They have already been working on the repairs for the guest house and the cleanup of the site, so they can start the construction as soon as the guest house is finished," I explained. "I was planning to call Julien as soon as the plans were approved so we can continue our vacation, but we can take a trip to your clinic first."

"I...kind of already know who I want you to see Master," she replied a bit hesitantly. "I was in contact with them before and had been asking a few questions. They were very helpful, and were going to email me the rest of the information I needed, but we left the day after I emailed them. I am sure the phone number is in that email, but I haven't checked it yet. They are located in Los Angeles, so I can call them tonight if you wish."

It was pretty clear that this was important to her, and she had planned to spring it on me as soon as we got home anyway. Glancing over at the new laptop on the desk, I told her to verify she had the number then get back here, as we had something else to take care of.

After she walked away, Marta smiled up at me. "Please tell me that 'something else' is an orgy with Sonia in the middle. I know you wanted to take my anal virginity today Master, but it has been over a week since we played with Sonia. I don't mind waiting a couple days."

"No, you would take my place tomorrow and I would have to wait," Kiera told her. "You won the contest, so you get to be first. I have to agree with Marta though Master; I don't mind waiting an extra day so we can play with Sonia."

"I appreciate your generosity, but no one is waiting," I told them. "Your virgin ass is still on the menu for today. We will let Sonia get you warmed up and ready for me while I take her from behind. Then while my kitten enjoys her cream, Kiera can get me ready to go again. I am sure Felicia and Kiera can keep Sonia entertained while I take your ass for the first time."

From the smiles they had, I would guess they approved of my plan. They sat quietly, watching Sonia use the computer and waiting. It was somewhat amusing when she turned around and almost jumped out of her chair before hesitantly walking back over to kneel in front of me.

"Sorry for taking so long Master, but I wanted to read through what they sent me," she stammered under the intense stares of her sisters. "I can call them any time after six our time and they should be open. Did I do something wrong?"

"No my pet, your sisters are just a little impatient to drag you off to bed," I told her. "Marta and Kiera were willing to forgo their own pleasure just so we could play with you. I came up with a better idea though. Marta, if are you all cleaned up and ready, take Sonia to the bedroom and get started. We will join you in a few minutes."

Marta jumped up and pulled Sonia to the bedroom as my kitten and pony scooted over in front of me. "I know the two of you are probably anxious to play with Sonia, but I want you to wait while I get started with Marta. I need to go slow so I don't hurt her, and the three of you might be a bit distracting."

"We will behave ourselves Master," Kiera replied. "I know I don't want you distracted when you stuff that log up my bottom for the first time. We don't want any trips to the doctor, as that might be embarrassing to explain."

"Good, let's get in there before they wear each other out. Kiera, I think you should make sure Sonia is nice and wet for me," I told her. "Kitten, I think Marta could use a little extra stimulation, so I want you to play with her breasts for now."

They were so excited to play with Sonia again that they were in the bedroom before I even got off the couch. Not that I could blame them, Felicia in particular had been stressed all week, thinking Sonia would leave. She had become very close to Sonia after Elizabeth and Amanda had to leave, and the thought of losing someone else had torn her up inside.

I stopped in the doorway and admired the view. Sonia was in the middle of the bed, her voluptuous figure a stark contrast to the slender frames of my other pets. Her recent interest in yoga had tightened up her body and toned her full curves to perfection. Kiera, my tiny pony, was behind her. The pale skin and flaming red hair, with her tiny frame and full breasts, made her look like some kind of fetish fantasy doll. Her inquisitive nature and desire to please made that a reality.

Marta looked more like a fashion model, with her long, slender limbs and graceful movements. She had been almost too skinny when I first met her, but the past two weeks had added a few pounds of muscle and toned her up beautifully.

Then there was my kitten, who despite having adult grandchildren, looked more like their older sister. Her tight, lithe body showed little sign of age, and her playful personality sparkled through her big brown eyes, raising the spirits of everyone around her.

They were all beautiful in their own way, and they were all mine.

-Marta-

Today was going to be the best day ever. Not only was Sonia ready to join us again, but Master was going to take my virgin ass. I know kitten had been worried that Sonia was going to leave, but the longing looks she got every time Master took one of us to the spare room to play made it clear she was just waiting for the right time to rejoin us.

My stomach as tied up in knots as I dragged Sonia into the bedroom. I was excited to finally have Master take my ass, but I couldn't help but be nervous as well. My first experience with anal play, Kittens tongue slipping over my little pucker, had felt weird but exciting at the same time. Her finger sliding into my ass as she sucked on my clit had triggered my final, and most intense, orgasm of our first time together.

Every day, Master would lick and finger my last virgin hole before slipping my tail plug in, and my sisters always worked a couple fingers inside of my ass when they went down on me. I loved the feeling, but I knew Master's cock was much bigger than a couple fingers and I knew it would hurt at first.

I was so excited to have Sonia back with us that I fell back on the bed, pulling her with me and kissing her. Thankfully, she came willingly, or I doubt I could have moved her. Despite being as tall as she was, I felt like a skinny little boy next to her full body. I had a bad habit of skipping lunch when I was in school, spending the time to practice my harp instead. Master had been making sure I ate three full meals a day now, and I was filling out some, but I had a long way to go before I could compare to her full, curvy form.

"Master wants to enjoy your body again before he takes my virgin ass, so he decided that you are going to get me ready for him," I told her once I broke the kiss. "He said he wants to take you from behind, so whatever you think will be easiest for you. I just want to make sure I am warmed up enough that it doesn't hurt too much."

She reached over and grabbed the lube before rolling me onto my back and climbing on top. "You get juicy enough that we normally don't need it to play with your ass, but for actual sex you will definitely need to be lubed up. It's been far too long since I got to enjoy any of you, so I am going to crawl down between your thighs and see how many times I can get you to cum in my mouth while I warm your ass up for Master."
