 It was a large, spacious apartment and comfortably warm as the evening sun set gloriously behind the sea horizon outside. Invited for drinks by two very attractive couples, maybe a couple of years older than my own 35, who I had met earlier that evening in a beach bar, I was feeling very relaxed and the summery evening encouraged us all to be barely dressed in our loose and casual attire. 

Sat around the living room on huge almost bed-like furniture with our cocktails over crushed ice, I could see the very shapely, tanned, bare legs of blonde-haired Jayne and Lana were accentuated by the strappy stilettos that they had selected for the evening were being regularly loosely crossed and uncrossed as the conversation started to get even flirtier than it had been in the bar earlier and it wasn't long before both couples were kissing their respective partners Dave and Mike, in front of me more passionately and frequently than I could politely ignore.

"Do you like porn?" asked Mike as the DVD player and the massive television screen that it supplied powered into life.

"Yes, all subjects too - I'm very open-minded." I replied glancing around to gauge a reaction to my honest response which was met with knowing smiles from all.

"This too much?" asked Jayne, pointing at the plasma and moving from Dave to join me on the sofa on which I was sat, now semi-aroused and distracted by the group-sex porn which was now showing on-screen.

"Not yet." I replied as I enjoyed the sight of several DP and oral scenes which now had my cock completely hard and throbbing with anticipation as to what we all appeared to have in mind. "In fact, not at all" I added as one of the guys had his mouth fucked with a pussy-juice coated cock pulled from the very attractive brunette who was holding his head in one hand and wanking the cock into his mouth with her other before pulling it out and encouraging a joint oral sex session together.

"Good!" whispered Jayne as she nibbled my neck whilst unbuttoning my flies to free my excited tool which she easily teased a globule of pre-cum with her French-manicured long nails. "Then keep watching." she insisted as she undressed me and started to lick and suck my rigid pole slowly to keep me harder than I have ever felt before.

Looking around the room, away from the screen, I could see that Dave and Mike were now either side of Lana who had a cock in each hand and was slowly wanking them as Mike kissed her and Dave undressed her skimpy clothing to reveal an ample pair of firm breasts with very erect nipples and a slim waist. Her long legs were spread with ease by Mike as his hand stroked up her inner thigh to reveal that her glistening pussy had been covered only by a mini denim skirt all evening. I looked back at Jayne to see her struggling slightly but managing to undress herself on all-fours whilst maintaining a rhythmic suck of my bone with her eager mouth.

Mike had now assumed a position on his knees to lick Lana's pussy and almost immediately, Lana turned over on to her front to allow total oral access to her pussy and ass whilst assuming a more comfortable position from which to take Dave's long, thick cock into her very wet mouth.

Jayne stopped sucking me and stood up in her black heels to undress the few remaining items of clothing that I had left barely on, before pushing me back and straddling my face with her facing the action at other points in the room. No words were needed as I licked her juices which were flowing freely enough for me to taste and swallow occasionally whilst tonguing her round to her ass crack, an action which she encouraged by pulling her firm buttocks apart and positioning accordingly on my now penetrating tongue.

Just as I was feeling that my cock was being neglected I felt a hand and mouth on it and I groaned encouragingly as I was taken in deeply Jayne's bracelet decorated hand teased my saliva coated balls and returned the feeling of spreading mouth juice to my ass. But it wasn't Jayne's mouth on my cock. Jayne was sat too upright to be sucking me and was looking down on my lower body. I pushed Jayne up slightly, enough to see that Lana had moved to suck my cock whilst being fucked from behind by Mike. Dave was now stood above me so that Jayne could suck his already-wet cock as I continued to orally prepare her pussy and asshole for penetration.

It didn't seem long before Mike and Dave had swapped positions and I sensed that Jayne had long been ready for a change as I had. Jayne reversed her position and moved down to take my cock deep into her warm and tight moistness, shuddering to orgasm immediately as she had her wanting ass tongued by Lana at the same time who spent the next few minutes occasionally retrieving my cock from Jayne's riding pussy to suck before replacing it back into Jayne.

Dave moved from fucking Lana and climbed behind Jayne who temporarily stopped riding me to make it easier for him to slide into her ass. I could feel his cock sliding in against mine, separated by only her thin internal walls making her pussy feel tighter still. 

We all moved together to achieve deep, double penetration and the feeling of my cock against his was bringing out the bi in me which I'm sure must have been reciprocated by Dave as he soon pulled out of Jayne's ass to present his cock in an area between her mouth and mine. 

"Lick it with me." Jayne said as she pulled him and her mouth down to my mouth to give me little option. I could feel Mike fill Jayne's only vacant hole as I licked her ass juice from the hilt of Dave's warm cock with her. 

"Suck it!" she demanded "I want to watch you suck!" as she bucked to another orgasm on top of me with Mike fucking her ass hard from behind.

"Fuck my ass!" Lana interrupted to which Dave responded by removing his clean, hard, mouth-soaked tool from my mouth and plunging unaided easily into her butt right next to me. I re-positioned myself just a few centimetres further round to lick Lana's gaping lips and Dave's pumping balls as Jayne climbed off me to take some ass-to-mouth action from Mike in a squatting stance in her heels.

Lana tasted of pussy juice and spunk and I knew then that Mike had emptied his first load into her when he was fucking her from behind. The cocktail tasted so good and I swallowed a lot to leave a gorgeously strange sensation in my throat which I wanted more of and it wasn't long before my needs were fulfilled as I felt Dave's balls tighten in my stroking hand and rub on my chin as I licked both him and Lana as he came both in her ass just millimetres from my open mouth which was rewarded by him pulling out to share his wads of hot spunk into my mouth and over my face and her fucked ass. I licked and swallowed as Lana moved slightly to pour further ass cocktail juice slowly into my tonguing mouth which Jayne wanted some of and licked Lana's ass and my face free of all external spunk to which Mike continued to reward her with by swapping fuck action from her pussy to ass as he watched.

I just had to cum soon as my balls were aching with frustration. I moved between Lana and Jayne and slid my pole up Lana's heavily fucked slippery ass to which she responded by bucking on and off me so that I didn't have to move. This allowed Jayne, whilst still getting fucked, to spread my ass cheeks and lick and finger my hole just long enough before she started cumming again with Mike telling all he was doing the same. I pulled Lana back and forth by the hips to get my cock ass-fucking her even deeper and forced myself back even deeper onto Jayne's finger which almost immediately resulted in me pulling out of Lana's ass to have her spin round and receive a copious amount of my juices over her face and mouth which she encouraged further flow of by lapping up and begging for more...