 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of gay male sexual content.

Note to readers: features a transsexual in group sex, and a light degree of domination. If this isn't your thing, please move on to something you'd enjoy more.

*****

DAY 4

By this point it was clear to me that she'd do anything for my cock, and I was determined to test it. I did a little research that afternoon. That night, I brought her to a porno store where there were glory holes. It took a little convincing, but not much. I just had to put on my "dominance" cap, so to speak.

She was dressed more simply this time, in jeans and a t-shirt. No need to advertise ourselves ahead of time. She and I went in a booth, after I mentioned to the owner that she was interested in any interaction that might come about.

When we got in, I had her strip naked, and piled her clothes on a chair. I had her stand with her back to the hole, so the guys could only see her ass, and not be confused by the cock. I stood in front of her and played with her sensitive tits for a moment. She was definitely nervous as all get out, but the physical attention helped her focus on her body, not what she was going to do. I could tell she was enjoying it, because her cock started rising.

It wasn't long before the first dick stuck through the hole. Success! I hadn't been sure if people actually did this shit. I had her kneel down and start sucking. It was a normal sized dick, no porno legend or anything here. But Lauren got to work on it, and given her skills, she soon had it ready to burst. She let it shoot on her face, as I had commanded her earlier. Like his cock size, the first guy's cum shot size was nothing to write home about, but it primed the pump. Once she got blasted in the face once by a total stranger, she was raring to go for more! One down, who knew how many to go. Another dick popped in, no doubt based on the first guy's recommendation. This one was longer but thin. She got down to business, and this guy came even faster than the first guy. He shot some more on her face. This was more like it—his load was really wet and thin, so it spread out a lot across her face. I had been hard from the moment we walked in the booth, and I was feeling my oats.

The third dick stuck in the hole almost immediately after the other one pulled out. This time it was a black dick, again about average size, and uncut. We were clearly getting a reputation. Good. As Lauren started sucking, I lubed up my cock with some lube I had brought with me. I got behind her and poked her in the ass. I got my full length in quickly, and enjoyed slowly sawing in and out of her back hole. Since I'm a gentleman, I would occasionally reach around and jerk her off as well, a few strokes for her after every ten or so for me.

It was sexy as fuck, but I tried to hold off as long as possible. I managed to hold out while the third guy came. He had a much bigger load, very thick and gooey, almost like clay after the wet spray of the last guy.

The fourth cock stuck in right away again, this time much larger, a good eight inches, and a little thicker than usual. I was glad to see that Lauren wasn't tiring out. It had to be a lot of work to keep sucking and licking like that, but like she had explained the night before, her sex life mostly consisted of giving out BJs, so she was well-practiced. After she licked him up and down and gave him some deep-throat action, I had her give him a titty fuck for a while. He clearly enjoyed that just as much. After she had rubbed her tits up and down against his shaft for several minutes, every once in a while going back to throat him, he blasted out an enormous load all over her tits and neck. That was all I could take, and I shot out my own load into her shitter. That incited her own orgasm, and she blew off a big shot of spooge into my hands, and then against the wall. Her orgasm made her asshole flex and unflex in an amazing rhythm, and my sensitive cock felt amazing inside of her. The cum of hers that I caught in my hands, I rubbed over her tits and face, mixing it in with the loads she had already taken.

Having sated my cock for a while, I leaned back against the wall and enjoyed watching Lauren take four more cocks in her mouth. She used her talented mouth and generous breasts to satisfy them all, and added their loads to the others already decorating her face and tits. Of course, after all that time, the original loads tended to slop off, but the overall effect continued to accumulate. Eight facials makes for a lot of cum.

Her own cock had hardened up again during all of this, and I wanted her to feel satisfied, so I suggested that she try the glory holes in reverse. At the same time, we had seemingly run out of store customers, as no one's cock stuck through the hole immediately after the last one.

She looked at me questioningly, but did as she was told, and put her long, thin flesh snake through the hole. We waited. I stood behind her, feeling up her tits, and fingering her ass, to keep her hard.

I was surprised that the wait did not last long. After only a few minutes, Lauren felt a mouth on the other side of the wall enveloping hers. I guess the dude couldn't pass up an opportunity like her massive dick. From what she told me later, he actually managed to deep throat her. I could tell she was in ecstasy. I pressed my cock back in her ass, its walls always like a vice on my cock no matter how many times I fucked it. It was much easier now that I was sliding in on my previous load of cum.

She was in total pleasure, being filled in the ass and having her cock down a throat, and had a hard time staying on her feet. She was wracked with internal orgasms every couple minutes. I came quickly at the idea of her being both filled and filling up someone else like that, and shot a solid load up her ass, which started leaking out and dripping down her legs as I pulled out. She tightened her buttocks and came a gusher in the other guy's throat, stepping slightly away from the wall in utter relaxed happiness.

The man she had blown, however, wasn't done. He stuck his own dick in the hole, and said he wanted her ass! Lauren was happy to comply. She turned around, bent over, and pressed her doubly-cum filled, still-dripping ass towards the hole. The guy entered it, sluicing his way in on my river of cum, and fucked her stridently. I didn't want to pass up any chances at a three-way, so I put my cock head close to her mouth, which was open with constant groaning. She took me in, shit-taste and all. Her eyes were unfocused and she could barely concentrate on the blowjob, so I just took the opportunity to use her face as a fuck hole of my own, grabbing on her hair as handles. Her giant round tits bounced back and forth as she again had to put effort into staying on her feet while getting solidly rammed from both ends. She tried to use her hands to hold her tits in place, but nothing could stop those wrecking ball forces of nature. The many loads on her face and tits flew around in big splatters. I had already come twice, and the guy in her ass had just come too, so we were in no hurry to finish. It was only after a lengthy session that the guy behind the hole finally blew his load in her ass, finally adding his own cum to mine.

She slipped off his cock and fell to her knees, and I pulled my cock out of her mouth, still not having come. I closed the slot over the glory hole, and sat down on her chest, noticing that she had just come on her own while she had been pinned between us—just from getting fucked in the ass and mouth, with no contact on her dick, which was now furiously dripping cum all over her legs. I fucked her pillowy tits, which she pressed against my log, until I came my smallest but by no means my least enjoyable load of the day, my cock awash in many men's cum from her tits, finally blasting on her face along with the many other cumshots already there. Her face and tits were a spider web of cum strands, a drip-castle of sperm, a lace veil of spooge of all consistencies, textures, and tints of white. She was exhausted, but still slurped the cum off my hands, and then my cock, cleaning me off. She lay there a while, then got to work cleaning herself off, sucking those monumental mammaries and using her fingers as a squeegee to clean up all the spilled sperm that covered her. It was hot enough that on a normal day I would have come again just watching her, but I was too spent, and just enjoyed the sight of a true cum hound.

"That was kind of embarrassing," she said. "But I've never come so much in my life. Thank you, master."

Just the come on her legs from that final fuck alone was astounding in its volume. This lady drank cum like a sailor drinks whisky, and she came like a fully-squeezed out toothpaste tube herself.

We got her mostly cleaned up, but I made her keep some of the sperm on her face and hair while we got back to the hotel and went up to our separate rooms. I didn't think anyone got close enough to tell what had happened, but the riskiness of it, and knowing what she was willing to do for me to turn me on, was intensely hot.