 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story contains scenes of extramarital and unprotected sex. If this is not your cup of tea, feel free to move on.



"Did you guys want to go in?"

We were over at Mike and Marybeth's place, and had finished dinner on the outside deck and were clearing the table after dinner, except Mike, who was preparing after-dinner drinks inside. I looked to Sue, who usually made the temperature decisions.

"No," she said, grabbing plates, "I don't think so. It's warm enough, right?" She looked to me to endorse her opinion. 

"Let's stay out," I agreed. 

We chatted as we brought the food back in, stowed the leftovers, and loaded the dishwasher. Sue and I knew where everything went because we did this more than a few times a year. With three of us on the job we finished quickly. By the time we got back out Mike had the bug candles lit, the outside lights on, and drinks served. We settled in for drinks and discussion.

We got together regularly, but the purpose of this evening's dinner was to make final plans for the annual vacation, coming in a month. We were both celebrating 10-year anniversaries, and the plans for renting the shore house had begun during last years' vacation. We were putting finishing touches on transportation, supplies, entertainment agenda and possibilities, etc. We didn't really need to do any of that; we'd all be perfectly happy just showing up and winging it, but Marybeth was kind of a control freak; she knew it, we knew it, and we indulged her harmless control episodes. It had been a joke amongst us since late in college, a few years before we married. She took the teasing, but couldn't back off the control.

Since we lived more than an hour away, we always stayed over when we visited. Neither couple had children as yet, but we were starting to talk about it. Sometimes they visited us, but usually we visited them. And since we were staying, drinking was not an issue. We usually got pretty toasted on these visits, and tonight would be no exception. So we let Marybeth get her organizing issues out of the way before devolving into intoxicated banter. 

It took a few more rounds before she got all the details settled. We agreed to everything she said, like we always do, but the drunker we got the more we laughed, until even she realized we weren't taking her seriously, and she put her notes and lists away, and all we had left to talk about was how great this vacation was going to be, and recalling details of our past vacations.

"Here's to vacation!" I called out, and everyone responded, and drank. We were really only sipping. We knew we were drunk enough, except Sue and her lists. We went around the table, toasting, "To the shore!" or "the hot sun and cold beer" and the like. 

"Here's to us," Mike called out suddenly, and we laughed and said, "To us!" and were ready to drink, but Mike didn't move. "Here's to us," he started again, and we quieted a little, "to ten years of marriage, to the best girl I know, and the best friends anyone could have." He drank, and we joined him, with "absolutely" and Marybeth kissed him and said he was sweet. Then Sue kissed him on the cheek, too, and when she sat back down, she raised her glass. 

"Here's to friendships that doesn't fade," and she turned to me, adding, "and love that grows stronger over time." She drank.

"And sex that gets better!" Marybeth added, and we all laughed, cheered "sex!" and drank. 

"Yes," I called, raising my glass, "to Sex. To Hot Chicks and Wild Women fulfilling my fantasies," I paused, they were all looking at me, "may she never leave me!" I added, and Sue slapped my arm.

Mike raised his glass, called "to fantasies" and we cheered, "Yeah! Fantasies!" and "Make my day!" "My dreams come true!" We laughed, and Marybeth put her head on Mike's shoulder. Sue kissed me, and sat back, and asked, "I fulfill your fantasies?" 

"Yeah, Jason, does Sue fulfill all your fantasies?"

"You're stuck now, buddy," Mike chuckled, "good luck!" Marybeth turned and scowled at him. "What?" 

She turned back to me, and said, "So? Does she?"

"Yeah, do I?" Sue chimed, teasingly. I was kind of stuck here. We had a vigorous sex life, and did lots of adventurous things, and had long shared what turned us on, what got us aroused, etc. We watched porn, played with toys, even did some public stuff. But I had no idea how much Sue wanted me to share out loud. I dodged.

"That's really two different questions," and Marybeth grunted. I continued. "No, really, Sue asked if she fulfills my fantasies, and of course, the answer is yes." I turned to her. "Of course you do." We kissed.

"Good answer," she whispered.

"But Marybeth asked, does Sue fulfill ALL of my fantasies." Cheers from Mike. Fake horrified look from Sue, and a sly smirk from Marybeth. 

"So," Marybeth prodded, "what fantasies do you have that she doesn't fulfill?"

I laughed, expecting that everyone would laugh with me, and found them smiling, but silent. "What?" I asked. Mike tipped his glass to me. Sue looked back at me, expectantly.

"C'mon, Jason, tell us," Marybeth chided. "Your wife deserves to know. And we all," she waved her hand, "want to know." She was grinning mischievously.

"Yes, Jason," Sue added, "please tell us. We all want to know." She leaned back in her chair, waiting. I glanced at Mike, and he averted his eyes. "Well," I started, uncomfortably, "there's fantasies, and then there's fantasies," I stalled.

"Oh, bullshit," Marybeth said, "you wuss!"

"That's not much of an answer, Jason," Sue goaded. "What's the matter? You keeping secrets from me?" 

"No, no," I said, defensively, "It's that, you know, there are fantasies that you want to do, and there are, you know, FANTASIES; ideas that are, well, arousing, that get you excited. But that you don't think of doing, right?" I was struggling. "But you think about them." Everyone thought about that, seemed to agree, but Marybeth wouldn't let it go so easy.

"Like what?" she asked.

"Yeah, Jason," Sue added, "like what?"

I was a little uncomfortable broadcasting my hidden fantasies in front of my friends. Sue and I had enacted each other's fantasies over the years, and confessed desires, but some things I had never even told her. Quickly, I decided to turn it around. 

"All right. But first, you all agree there are things that you do, and things that get you hot that you would probably never do, yes?" I looked, met each person's eyes, till they agreed. "So, we all have fantasies that we haven't done?" They all said yes. "Fine, so if you want to know mine, everyone has to tell one."

Sue grinned. "You big chicken!" She sat up in her chair, took a sip of her drink, and leaned to me. "What's the matter, you're embarrassed?"

"It must be some dark fantasy, Jason!" Marybeth added.

"I think he's right," Mike chimed in, coming to my rescue, "it's only fair." He was grinning too, but I looked at him, and we both knew. We'd be able to get some juicy stuff from the girls. 

"Yeah, it's only fair," I confirmed. "Everybody has to say."

"In fact," Mike added, "Everyone should tell two fantasies," he said, raising his glass to me. "One that they have done, and one that they haven't done!"

The girls howled in delight, unexpectedly. The conversation was going to get hot, I thought. I figured Sue was drunk enough to let loose, but I thought Marybeth was still mostly sober. We started debating who should go first, when Sue blurted out, "I sucked Jason's dick on the train!"

Mike and Marybeth howled, and Marybeth reached over the table to high-five Sue. "You go, girl!" Sue laughed, sat back, and continued.

"We had talked about doing something in public, the idea always made me hot, you know? Someone seeing? Getting caught? We talked about it, you know, during sex. So one night we were out in the city, and we were pretty loaded. You know we always take the train in, because we don't like to drive home drunk. And we knew we'd be drinking. So, we're near the back of the car, and it's mostly empty, and-"

"Mostly empty?" Mike asked.

"Yeah there were a couple of other people further up the car. And I was leaning on his shoulder, and he had his arm around me. So I went for it."

"Went for it, what's that?" Marybeth asked, grinning. "C'mon, spill the beans."

"What do you want, graphic description?" Sue asked. "I slipped my head down, pulled his dick out, and sucked his dick." She grinned. "To completion!" 

"True story," I added. I clinked my beer bottle to her glass. "It was incredible." I laughed to myself. "I didn't tell her, but there was something on her chin as we left the train. I think the conductor saw us!" 

"No way!" Sue exclaimed. She slapped my arm. "Why didn't you say something?"

"I thought you might not do it again." Everyone laughed. 

"Nice work, Sue," Mike said, and I felt momentarily awkward, hearing another man congratulate my wife on blowing me.

"Thank you, Mike," she said. I guess she didn't feel awkward. "What about you?"

"OK," Mike started. He glanced at Marybeth, and started. "Similar to yours, I had a public thing. I wanted Marybeth to dress in a sexy outfit and go out with me, to dinner and a club. We only did it once, but she wore this really low-cut blouse, and a short skirt, and heels, right? And no underwear." He paused, and we waited. "She was nervous at first, but she relaxed, and got into it. By the time we got to the club she was flashing her pussy at me, and by the time we left, she showing hr ass to the world." He took a drink. "Man, we fucked like animals that night, I was so hot. We talked about it for weeks!" 

Marybeth was nodding her agreement, and Sue said, "you trashy bitch!" and they laughed, and Marybeth said, "hey, at least I wasn't walking around with jizz on my chin!" and we all howled.

"On her chin!" I laughed, and they all turned to me as I explained. "Over the years we started watching porn – real ones, not that cheesy cable crap." Everyone nodded agreement. "I developed a thing for facials, and over time wanted to try it. The idea really excited me, y'know?" More nods. Sue blushed a little and looked into her drink. "So, Sue fulfilled my fantasy," I reached over and clinked her glass, "more than once, actually."

"Nice," Mike smirked.

"And nasty!" Marybeth added, her voice colored with fascination. "Did you like it?" 

"Not so much the first time," Sue admitted, then smiled, "but more later."

Marybeth turned to me. "So," she grinned, "a recurring fantasy!" I grinned back. Sue had started to enjoy it after the second time, and as long as it didn't get in her eyes, was really good at it – mouth open, tongue out, talking to me as I got close, telling me how much she wanted it. But I wasn't going to say that out loud.

"OK, then," Marybeth began, "my turn." She sat up straight in her chair, and waited until she had everyone's full attention. "You may have noticed," she started, "that I have a bit of a control issue-"

"No, no way," we all cajoled her, "not you!"

She smiled, acknowledging the needling, and continued. "Well, I always wanted to take full control," she said, resting her elbows onto the table and leaning forward. "Mike and I dabbled a little, like blindfolds, tying hands. But then once he let me go full out." Her voice lowered conspiratorially as she turned to Sue and me. "Complete obedience. I had full control. He was my slave for the evening." She turned to Mike, and Mike looked directly back at her. "I had my way with him, and he served my every need and desire." She sat back, contentedly, and turned to us. "It was delightful."

Remarkably, Mike had almost the same contended look. Or maybe it was fulfillment. Or admiration. Whatever it was, the memory of their event clearly agreed with him. 

Marybeth sat up straight again, slapped her hands dramatically on the table, and turned to me. "OK, Jason, we all told dirty stories about our spouses fulfilling out fantasies. Now, back to the first question, and no more changing the subject." She leaned in my direction. "You said that my good friend Sue fulfills most of your fantasies, and that means there are fantasies that you have that she hasn't fulfilled."

"Actually, I think we all agreed that we all have-"

"Yeah, yeah, right, we will all tell our own, but this time it's your turn to go first. Spill it, buddy." She sat back, then leaped up again. "And not one of those 'I would never actually do it' fantasies. Something you really would-"

"All right, all right," I cut her off. "There is a fantasy I have that I would do. I think once or twice it came up in sex talk, but never seriously, because I never considered it a possibility." I took a breath. "I would love to have a threesome. With Sue and another woman."

"Yeah, baby, threesome," Mike called, raising his glass in salute.

"I know the classic male fantasy is seeing two women, and that might be part of it, but for me it's having the two women at once." I checked Sue to see which negative reaction she experienced, but she seemed neither embarrassed nor annoyed. In fact she seemed interested. 

"Obviously," I explained, "Sue can't fulfill that fantasy, because she's only one person." I took her hand. "She's the woman I love, and the woman I love to have sex with," she gave my hand a squeeze, and smiled a little drunkenly. "And the woman I'd love to have a threesome with." I smiled at the group. "I've never had a threesome."

"I've never had one either," Mike echoed, "and that would be my unfulfilled fantasy, too."

"Oh, really," Marybeth replied, sarcastically, "what a shocker. With me and another woman?"

"Yes. Absolutely."

"I guess you'd like some lesbian action, too?"

"It goes without saying."

"That's your unfulfilled fantasy?"

"Yep," he drank. "A threesome. I want one. I've never had one."

"Actually," Sue chimed in suddenly, "that's my fantasy, too." She raised a finger to interrupt. "But with two guys, of course."

"Really?" I asked. "Two guys?"

"Oh, definitely," she said, glancing at Marybeth. "Of course, you'd be one of them, just like I'd be one of yours." She paused. "I assume I'd be one of yours?

"Of course, you and another woman. How come you never said anything before?"

"Why? Were you going to bring home a friend?" she grinned. I grinned back. "It's a fantasy. Just like yours." She pointed. "Just like Mike."

"What about you, Marybeth?" I asked.

Marybeth was laughing silently to herself. Then she stopped, got serious, and looked at Mike. She took his hand, and held it between her hers.

"It was before we met," she said bluntly.

All three of us were silent. Sue and I waited for Mike to react. He was staring at Marybeth. Slowly he started to ... grin. "You're kidding."

"I am not kidding. I have had a threesome."

"Was it two guys or two girls?" Sue blurted.

"Actually," she sat back, her hand playing through her hair, "both. I've actually done it three times, but only two really count; the third one was a disaster."

"What happened?"

"It was a guy and his girlfriend, and she wasn't ready for it and she freaked out. It was bad." She smiled to herself. "But the other two were great!"

She looked at each of us. We were staring, waiting. "What? Are you shocked? I guess that's to be expected. Or are you jealous?" Still we were silent. "Oh, I see. Not enough information?" She shook her head slowly. "Kinky bastards. Okay." She took a breath. "The first time I was the second girl, it was with my roommate and her boyfriend. The second time was with two guys." She looked at Sue. "You're right, two guys is the way to go." 

"Oh, my God, I'm so jealous! You slut!" Her voice had a tinge of admiration under the drunken excitement. "Are they as exciting as they look in the movies?"

"That depends," she explained with less hesitation, "if you mean the professional porn actor movies, no. Not like that. But if you've been on the net and seen amateur movies, like, real people, who film themselves, then yes, it's like that, it can be like that."

"The first two times were good?" Mike asked, with obvious fascination of this aspect of his wife's past. "You enjoyed both of them?"

Marybeth was a more sheepish answering her husband, where she'd been bolder answering Sue. "Yeah. They were good. They were different from each other, obviously, but both were a lot of fun. Very enjoyable. Very," she paused, "hot."

The conversation continued like this, the three of us asking questions that danced around the edges of the topic, until I asked, "Well, we," I motioned to indicate my wife, Mike and me, "fantasize about it but have never done it. You've done it so it's not really a fantasy, so you still owe us an unfulfilled fantasy." I paused, then added, "Or would you do it again?" I looked at Sue and Mike. "Do you have an unfulfilled fantasy about a threesome?" 

Marybeth grinned slowly. "Oh, believe me, Jason," she said, her voice a steady and confident assurance, "I have a threesome fantasy." We all laughed.

"OK, so it's settled then," Sue joked, "we all want it! Let's get started!" We all laughed with her. "I'd be the second girl in yours," she joked. Mike and I both made exaggerated 'hot' sounds.

"And I," Mike teased Sue, "would be happy to be the second man in yours!" we all laughed. I had a flash of mental image of Sue with me and another guy, and suddenly the other guy was Mike. It interrupted my laugh a little, but we were all having fun. Sue turned to me and asked, "What about you Jason? Would you be Marybeth's second man? Or are you thinking about her as a second woman?" 

"Both!" I joked, and we all laughed again, except Marybeth, who was smiling but not laughing. There was something smoldering behind her eyes, and her face settled into a satisfied grin as the drunken laughter stopped.

"How adventurous are we?" she asked. No one answered for a second; I think we were all caught off guard, and drunk. Finally I said, "Well, I can't speak for you and Mike, but your stories sounded adventurous. But I can say for certain that Sue and I are adventurous." Sue nodded, and Marybeth turned to me. "We didn't tell the really wild stories," I grinned. Marybeth grinned right back, broadly.

"Jason, do you think Sue and I have secrets from each other? Believe me, I've heard some of those stories, and they're fucking hot as hell." She smiled knowingly at me, and then at Sue. "My point is, we are all four sexually adventurous, and all have a desire, a fantasy, to have a threesome, and yet no one has done it. Except me, and it was a long time ago. So my question is, why not? What's stopping you?"

"Me?" I asked. "What's stopping me?"

"Any of us," she clarified. "What stops any of us from having a threesome?"

There was a short silence. "Well, we're married," Sue managed. "We're faithful."

"So?"

"Well, it would be sex with someone else."

"Yeah, but it wouldn't be cheating," Marybeth countered, "cheating is when one person has sex with someone outside the marriage, without their partner's consent. This is both partners having sex with a third party, because they both want to. Right? Not sneaking behind someone's back. Not one partner getting and the other getting nothing. Right?" She waited for another answer. "Think about it, and I'll tell you what I think, and what I learned from my experience."

I tried to think, but frankly was too drunk to do anything but listen. I assumed Sue and Mike were in the same condition as me. We were in no shape to think complex thoughts. So we sat back and listened to Marybeth, as she talked us into convincing ourselves into what would be the wildest sexual experiences of our lives.

"We, all of us, are young, energetic, sexually active and adventurous people. We are two married couples with vigorous and exciting sex lives with our spouses. We all have rich sexual fantasies, some fulfilled, and others not." She turned her head as she spoke, looking each of us in the eye. She always had an uncanny ability to look directly at you when she spoke. "One fantasy we all have is a threesome that includes our spouse, and as we have all found out, our spouse has a similar if not identical fantasy, and yet we haven't mentioned these to our spouses before, much less done anything about it, even though we've all actively pursued fulfilling many fantasies that include only our spouses." She paused, looked at each of us. "We each love our spouses," she turned to Mike, in a lower voice, "I love you, honey," then turned back. "And I love you guys; you're our best friends." She sipped her drink, looked at each of us, then continued. "Sex is great, and keeps getting better. So why have none of us even discussed a threesome with our spouses?" She looked at each of us, not for an answer, but to make sure we were still with her. "It's not because you can't have sex with another person. If aliens kidnap Mike, I would miss him," she grinned, "but I would not be celibate the rest of my life!" She looked us over again, smiling. "And I'm sure you wouldn't either."
