 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story contains scenes of extramarital and unprotected sex between fictional adults. If it's not your cup of tea, please feel free to move on. Thanks for reading!



SUE'S NIGHT

We had previously arranged that each person's night would be in their own bedroom, and that they should be alone to prepare, so when Mike came back in we went upstairs to Mike and Marybeth's room to shower. Mike went first. She'd given us instructions on how to dress, just khakis and a shirt, and told us she wanted nice close shaves, and some cologne. Mike was dressed when I got out, and went downstairs for some water while I dressed. At about four-twenty she called down that she was ready, for me to come up first. Mike waved me up, and I climbed the stairs, and my brain was in overdrive, wondering what it would be like to see another man fucking Sue, to see what her fantasy was. What she wanted to do.

She was standing at the bed, wearing a short silky robe. Only the table lamps were lit, and there were a couple of candles burning. Very romantic. Her bag was near the bed, closed, and there was a towel covering one of the endtables, something underneath it. She asked me to sit, and I chose the loveseat. Sue looked a little nervous, but not scared-nervous. More excited. Anticipation? She sat next to me, took my hand, and looked into my eyes. She was radiant, as beautiful as she'd ever been, and her eyes glistened with fiery excitement. She smelled wonderful, too, clean and fresh, just a touch of perfume. I wondered what she was wearing under the robe. 

"Jason," she said, "before Mike comes up, I wanted to ask you something," she started, hesitantly, then took a breath and continued. "You know I love you, and only you, right?"

"Of course I do," I answered. "And I love you, too, more than I ever did."

"I need you to promise me." I asked her what, and she explained. "I need you to promise you are OK, that you love me, and will always love me, no matter what." I felt a twinge of nervousness. Was she having second thoughts? "You know I'm going to have to kiss Mike, right? I want you to know it's just a sex thing, not emotional." That's what she was concerned about? "It's important to me that you understand, that if I kiss him, I don't love him, I mean I do, as a friend, but not like I love you."

"You kissed Marybeth," I pointed out.

"Yeah but that was different, that was friends, and fun, but this will be in the heat of passion." She paused. "I need you to promise."

"I promise, honey. You know I could never not love you."

"No matter what?"

"No matter what."

She looked down a second, at our hands, and squeezed mine. "And you have to promise that you won't be angry, you won't," she hesitated again, "you won't think less of me."

"Think less of you? Impossible. Honey, we all decided this together, remember? I want you to have your fantasy, remember?" I touched her chin, turning her to face me. "I want to see you in the throes of uncontrollable passion, losing control of yourself, you know that."

"I might say things," she started, and I cut her off.

"It doesn't matter. I want to hear you say it. If it comes from you, I love it. I love you." I waited. "No matter what you say, or do, I will not be angry, and I could never think less of you." I kissed her. "I could only love you more."

"No matter what I say, or do? Even if it's something that," she paused, "that we never ..." she stopped.

"Sue, honey, you're imagining too much. Of course this is something new." I considered my words, and decided to go for the lighter touch, take the seriousness out of this. "You are about to have two horny men lust after you and service your every need. I love you for that, for being bold, for being brave enough to say what you want, to take the opportunity. I'm grateful that I'm one of the men here tonight!"

"You ass, I'm serious," she said, but she smiled, and I knew we had passed the danger point. "I love you," she added, and kissed me, full on the lips. "You're the best husband ever." I kissed her then, full, my tongue slipping between her lips to meet hers, felt the tension slip away. She broke the kiss, said, "I think I'm ready," and stood. "Stay there." She went to the door and called Mike.

She greeted him at the door, took his hand, and led him inside. She stopped him from sitting, and turned him to face her, and slipped up close to him, and lifted her face and kissed him, lightly, then I saw her lips open, and her tongue in his mouth. Her hands were high on his back, pulling his shoulders down, and his arms came around her, and held her tightly. Then one slid down to her ass, and he fondled her butt, just above the bottom of the robe. I felt my cock twitch a little. They broke the kiss, and she took his hand, and walked him to the loveseat so I slid over to make room. She stood before us, radiant, and I saw her robe had opened a little. She was wearing something lacy on top. We waited for her. She looked at us, a hunger in her eyes. 

"OK, you two, first things first." She put her hands on her hips. "Let's see what you've got for me." We hesitated, and she added, "Come on let's go, pull down your zippers and pull your cocks out." I immediately obeyed, And I saw Mike doing the same. I started opening my pants, and she stopped me, "No, just the zipper for now. Just take it out." And there we were, two mostly soft cocks dangling from our pants. We had to shift forward and lean back to avoid a zipper pinch. 

"Nice," she whispered, "Two cocks all for me." She dropped to her knees between us, and took one in each hand. "But these are soft." She looked in both our eyes, and her expression was all erotic mischief. "We'll have to fix that," she said, stroking us lightly, then dipped her head to Mike's lap and sucked his cock into her mouth, making yummy sounds that he echoed. She fondled me as she sucked him, and I began to harden in her grasp, and then she switched, sucking me, just the head mostly, as she stroked Mike, who was hard now. My eyes darted from her mouth, enveloping my cock, to her hand, gently stroking and squeezing Mike's shaft. She switched again, then back again, until we were fully hard. Satisfied, she pulled up, still holding us both, and sat back on her ankles. "Get up," she said softly. 

We stood on either side of her, and she pulled us by our dicks until they were both touching her face. She rubbed the heads on her cheeks, and her lips, making cooing sounds, then sucked me for a few strokes of her head, and switched to Mike, doing the same, holding mine against her face as she bobbed on his cock. Back and forth she went alternating between us. Then she pulled back and told us to take our pants down. We obliged. Only boxers, she had insisted, so we pushed those down as well, and they dropped to our ankles. She moaned appreciatively, caressing our thighs as we stepped out of them. Her arms reached around behind us, and I felt her clutching my ass cheek. "Nice," she said. She resumed sucking us, going back and forth between us, her hands now fondling our asses, rubbing our balls, and stroking us. 

Then she stopped sucking, and tugged on our cocks. I thought she was just stroking firmly, but when we didn't move she put her hands on our butts and pulled us in. Once we were moving she took hold of our shafts, and guided them closer until they touched. It was a weird sensation, my cockhead touching his, but I didn't get much time to think about it. "I love cock," she said, a little edge in her voice. "I love to suck a nice hard cock." She maneuvered us closer, so we were side by side, and she held our dicks next to each other. She looked up at us, switching her eyes back and forth. "I must be a real cock lover, because I've always wanted to try this." And then my little wife opened her little, pretty mouth, and stretched it obscenely and pushed both cocks into her mouth. It was almost ugly to watch, they way her face distorted itself, trying to force itself around so much dick. Her tongue licked between and around the heads, which was really all she could fit. I wasn't sure if I was disgusted or turned on. 

She pulled back. "Fuck, what a whore I am!" She pulled us apart, and drove her mouth down on my shaft, holding Mike's against her face, then switched. "M-mm, I love the feel of cock in my mouth! And now I have two!" She switched back to me, and slobbered all over my shaft, licking and sucking. It almost felt like I was watching really hot porn, but she was sucking my dick.

The next time she turned to Mike she lifted his cock and licked his ball sack, teasing it with her tongue, and then sucked one of his balls into her mouth. I was suddenly aware that she wasn't just a woman doing two guys; that it was my wife's mouth sucking another man's balls, and my cock twitched with excitement. She felt it, and looked up at me, and showed me her tongue swirling around his ball sack, outside of her lips. She pulled off with a pop, and gave his cockhead a suck, and turned to me. "You like that, seeing me suck his balls? Hm-mm?" I groaned my agreement, and she did it again, this time taking the other one. I realized then that his balls were shaved, smooth and clean, where mine were hairy. I trimmed my pubes, but had never shaved myself. She made a yummy sound, pulling back a little, stretching his sack until his ball popped out of her mouth. 

She looked up at me. "I want you to go in the bathroom and shave, Jason." She was rubbing my cock on her face, stroking me. "I want to suck your shaved balls. Will you do that for me?" I hesitated. "Go, now, go shave yourself and then come back in here. Be careful, but hurry. Mike and I will amuse ourselves until you return." She released me and gave me a gentle shove. I took off for the bathroom.

I found shaving gear laid out, and got busy with hot water and shave cream. As I applied the gel and started to shave, being very careful not to nick myself, I marveled at the woman I thought I'd known, my sweet sexy wife, and her perverted desires. I must be the luckiest man alive, I thought. I knew how perverted my fantasies were, and was amazed to see that hers were just as nasty. I finished up in short time, wiped myself clean and rinsed with water. I tried to see if I missed anything, but settled for rubbing my hand on my hairless sack. It felt really good. Maybe I'll keep them this way. If she sucks them I will.

I came back in the bedroom to see Mike had his shirt off, and Sue was licking and biting his nipples, rubbing her hands on his stomach and chest. She really likes that, and so do I. Seeing her do it to another guy was, I don't know. A turn on, but a little off. It was something she did with me. They stood when I approached, and she cupped my balls, and kissed me. Mike stood behind her, naked, and kissed the back of her neck and squeezed her tits as we kissed, tongues wrestling. She spoke into my mouth as we kissed.

"M-mm, I feel his cock pressing on my ass, I'm so fucking hot, fuck, your balls feel so nice." Mike started pulling her robe off her shoulders, kissing them as he went. She unbuttoned my shirt and pulled it off my arms, and then her robe fell off, and she stood in a red lacy bra and panties, small between us, a beautiful Sue sandwich. She broke the kiss, and turned.

She started kissing Mike then, tongues and open mouths, and I rubbed her shoulders and her back, and undid the clasp of her bra. Her ass was pushing back against me, rubbing my cock. I reached around her to find Mike's hands already on her tits, squeezing them, and I lowered my hands to her pussy, and rubbed it through her panties. I felt the heat and moisture from her, and groaned. 

"He's rubbing my pussy," I heard her tell Mike, "Pinch my nipples, hard." Her fat pink nipples are very sensitive, and when she's really horny, she likes them treated rough. She gasped and squealed as we fondled her. Then she turned back to me, kissing me again. It was strange to feel her mouth, wet with saliva from kissing Mike, a little more personal than her sucking me after seeing her suck him. But we kissed passionately, and I felt her hips move, and her legs, and I saw Mike toss her panties to the side. We were all naked now, both us guys rubbing against her, fondling her, and she was the center of our attention. I dropped my hand to her pussy, her newly shaved pussy, and my fingers slipped between her lips and she bit my tongue a little. I pushed a finger inside her, slipping inside her wet hole. I pressed the heel of my hand on her clit and began rubbing, and she panted. Mike had one hand around her, squeezing her tits. I rubbed harder, faster, sensing she was close, and then her mouth opened, and she stared into my eyes, and cried out as she came. Her legs shook, and we had to hold her up, and as she finished, we led her to the bed and gently laid her down on her back, and knelt on either side of her. 

Almost instantly we were both at her tits, each sucking one. She reached up and held our cocks, stroking gently, feeling the shaft in her hands, eyes closed, moaning her pleasure. I moved a hand between her legs to find Mike's already there, and I snuck a peek to see he had two fingers inside her, and I stared as his fingers penetrated her, seeing her lips open and grasping at his digits. She gasped, and I went back to her tits, switching from one to the other, as Mike fingered my wife. She was close to cumming again. She suddenly released my cock and her hands grabbed at Mike's hand, holding it inside her, and she arched her hips up, fucking his fingers as she came, shouting. She finally released his hand and her hips dropped back down as the waves subsided. She looked at Mike. "Lick me, Mike." She told him. "Eat my wet cunt!" Mike need no additional encouragement, and dove in. She dropped her head down on the bed, and turned to me.

"Get up here," she said. "I want your balls in my mouth." I lifted a leg over her, kneeling and lowered my freshly shaved balls to her lips. She moaned her approval as her mouth opened, and I felt her suck one of my balls into her wet mouth. Her tongue swirled around it, bathing it in saliva as she caressed my ass. She switched to the other one, giving it similar treatment. I looked down at her face, and she looked at me, and pulled her moth off. "Your balls taste delicious," she cooed, and grinned. "I'm so fucking nasty! I'm a dirty ball sucker!" and darted her tongue out, flicking and teasing my sack before sucking them again.

After a few more minutes of sucking my balls she pushed me off gently, and I knelt at her side. She stroked my cock near her face and pulled Mike up by his hair. 

"I need a cock now, Mike. Fuck me. I want your cock in my pussy." Mike got up, and positioned himself between her legs, on his knees. I was kneeling up and felt her mouth slip over my cock as I watched him rub his dick on Sue's wet cunt a few times, then, line up and start sliding in. Sue moaned on my dick as I watched his cock slide into my wife's cunt. I watched her stretch open, and get pulled in as he pushed into her, saw her juices on his shaft as he pulled out. I heard her grunt as he went all the way in, and began stroking slow, long strokes, fucking her cunt. Her mouth came off me as he picked up speed, and she held my cock against her face.

"Oh, fuck, that's so good, fuck me, fuck my cunt, oh, yeah," she panted, then stuffed my cock back into her mouth, muffling her own sounds. She sucked me hard, filling her mouth, sliding it on my shaft, driven by the passion created by the sensations in her cunt. I watched her tits jiggling as her body shook from Mike's hips slamming hard into hers. One hand held my cock in her mouth, or rubbed on her lips and face. The other moved from her nipples to her pussy, back and forth, stimulating herself. She was so hot to watch, seeing her getting pleasure. She pulled my dick out of her mouth and gasped, "Switch."

Mike pulled out, went to her other side as I moved between her legs. Her pussy was open and red, her clit was swollen and pushing up, framed by her shaved lips, puffy and beautiful, and wet. Another cock had been there, I thought. I pushed in, one stroke, banging straight to the base, and she cried out before Mike stuffed his slick shaft into her open mouth. I watched her suck hungrily on his sock, devouring him, her hand on his balls. She pulled off.

"Fuck, even your balls are wet from fucking me, my pussy is soaked. I'm so fucking turned on I can't stand it, Fuck! I need to cum!" She sucked the head of Mike's cock again, popped it out with a slurping sound. "I taste my pussy on your dick," she sold him, then to me, "He tastes like my cunt, fuck me, fuck your horny slut wife, make me cum. My pussy tastes delicious on his dick!" She crammed the shaft back in her mouth, grunting around it as I slammed her pussy harder than ever before. I was pounding so hard her body started sliding up the bed, so I pulled her thighs up against my stomach and held her in place. Her hips elevated, and it changed the angle of my penetration, and she howled around Mike's cock in delight. Then she popped the cock out, held it to her face, and reached for my face with the other hand, and pulled me to her, her face inches from mine. 

"Make me cum, make me cum on your cock," she whispered hoarsely, then kissed me, her lips and face wet with saliva, and tasting of pussy. Mike's cock was dangerously close to my face but I really didn't care. She was out of control with desire, and it excited me beyond reason. She broke the kiss, whispered "don't forget," and turned her head to suck Mike's cock, just inches from my face, before releasing my hair. She started humping her hips up, into me, rubbing her clit on the base of my cock. She panted and grunted around his shaft as I fucked her, watching her orgasm build, feeling her pussy clench on my dick, and then her body froze; her mouth opened wide and Mike's cock slipped out as a wail emerged from her, howling her orgasm to us. I felt her juices soaking my cock and my balls, as her pussy released her fluids and her thighs trapped me in place. I thought I might cum inside her, but managed to fight it down. Her legs relaxed a little as she stopped screaming, panting for air, her eyes opened wide in release. 

"Fuck!" she managed, gasping, then "Fuck!, Oh, fuck! Fucking pull out, shit, switch, I want to taste my cum on your cock, fucking switch," she muttered, and as we moved, she got up on her hands and knees, and Mike was behind her, and entered her doggy style and her mouth opened. Halfway through her groan I shoved my cock in her little mouth, and she sucked me, wet with her cum, and swirled her mouth and tongue around, cleaning her juices off my shaft. We spit roasted my wife, Mike's hips driving her further onto my cock, so that she had to use her hand on the base to keep from gagging. She pulled off and looked up at me. Her voice came out thin, needy. 

"I'm a cock slut, a cock loving, two-cock slut. I'm getting fucked hard. And I'm sucking your cock. I'm sucking my own cum from your cock, fuck, I love it, my pussy tastes so nasty and dirty on your dick, oh, fuck, I'm so fucking hot. I want your cum, both of you." Her voice got louder. "I want you to cum, I want both of you to cum, but not in my pussy, tell me when you are ready, when you're close."

We switched ends again, I couldn't believe she was still wet, and then switched back, each time she sucked her own juice from our cock, telling us how good it tasted. I was in her mouth again, and Mike was behind her, and he said he was going to cum. She pulled off my cock, said, "Come here," and led me off the bed with her hand on my cock. She got on the floor, sat back on her heels, and spread her knees. Her free hand went to her pussy, and she fingered her clit. She held my cock at her face and told Mike, "Cum on my face. I want your hot cum shooting on my face while I'm sucking Jason, and he cums in my mouth." I'd never seen this in her, never imagined her so filthy, so wanton. It was erotic and scary at the same time, but the scariness vanished as she took me back into her mouth, one hand on my cock and the other in her cunt, and inches from her pretty face, Jason stroked his shaft, coaxing his climax, aiming at my new-slutty wife's beautiful face.
