 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story contains scenes of extramarital and unprotected sex between fictional adults. If it's not your cup of tea, please feel free to move on. Thanks for reading!

MY NIGHT

The next day passed without note; it was the planned day off, and we pursued normal vacation activities, and spent the night together as we had in the past. Sue moved a little gingerly most of the days, eliciting looks from all of us, but to our word, there was no spoken conversation about what had gone on the last two nights, or what would occur in the next two. Everyone relaxed and rested, and the only real tension was the unspoken conversation that we all held in our heads. At least I think we all did. I know I did. Memories of Sue's face as she got DP'd by me and Mike kept appearing. Her face covered in his semen as she took my load in her mouth, her dirty, filthy sex-talking mouth. Wild imaginings of what might have happened on Mike's night. And of course, what I had planned for my night. 

The next morning and afternoon passed as the day off had, just hanging and relaxing. Marybeth had added to my list of things to do. As the afternoon hit, I started to get antsy, like a kid waiting for Christmas morning. It started to show around two, and everyone began snickering good-naturedly at my anticipation. At three o'clock I excused myself, gave a note to Sue and one to Marybeth, and went to shower and prepare.

At four I was in our room, in dress pants and shirt. Sue brought Marybeth from Marybeth's room, where they had gotten ready. They looked fabulous, in elegant skirts and blouses, hair and makeup done as though going out to dinner. I poured glasses of champagne, our one cocktail for the day, and we chatted as friends, all the while passing smoldering looks at each other. The ladies sat next to each other, while I reclined on the bed. Finally, drink finished, I took their glasses, and sat on the edge of the bed, facing them. I asked them to stand. I looked them over, drinking in the vision of these two hot women who were about to fulfill some of my most exciting dreams. Using the remote, I started the stereo, a soft romantic love song.

"Dance," I told them, "not dirty. A slow dance, sexy." I remembered my rule contribution, 'no saying no', and thought myself a genius.

They turned to each other and embraced. I'd seen them dance together many times, when Mike and I needed a break or were getting drinks, and they didn't want to rest. But always the pop dance tunes, and I'd often imagined them slipping into each other's arms, like lovers, swaying to a slow tune, each matching the others rhythm. And they did not disappoint tonight, holding each other, heads on shoulders, hands lightly caressing backs and arms. Sue only came up to Marybeth's neck, and planted light kisses there. That's hot, my dick told me. Marybeth made the first overt move, dropping her hand as they turned, cupping Sue's ass. As the song ended, they kissed, lightly, lips only, but a long, tender one, eyes closed. They held each other and waited for me.

"Sue," said, "stand behind Marybeth. A little to the side, so I can see you." Sue moved as instructed. "I want you to undress Marybeth. Take your time, do it slowly, take the time to appreciate her as you expose her to us."

Marybeth's eyes burned into mine as Sue's hands slid from Marybeth's waist up to her shoulders, caressing, gliding delicately over her breasts, and finally to her neck, her fingers touching lightly; the tendons, the muscles, the collarbone. Then to her shirt, undoing the buttons one at a time, a hand slipping inside the open shirt to cup a breast; an exposed shoulder, a shirttail pulled out, a smooth belly, a lace bra. Down her arms, stroking, raising gooseflesh as her nails stroked the skin on the back of Marybeth's arms, all the while Marybeth's eyes riveted on mine, watching me watch her. Sue bent down then, removing Marybeth's shoes, supporting her as she stepped down out of the three-inch heel, then stroking her bare legs to where her skirt began. Standing again, I could now see Sue's face over Marybeth's shoulder, and she kissed the skin there, moving slowly to Marybeth's neck, lingering in the soft place between neck and shoulder.

I almost didn't recognize Sue, having never suspected that she was capable of physically appreciating another woman's body. This wasn't the hyper-slut I'd met two nights ago, nor the horny, self-confident woman I have known and regularly had sex with. This wasn't even the tender, loving sensuous woman I often made love to. She was showing me another facet to a woman I thought I knew before. I was not complaining.

As she pulled back from the kiss, Marybeth's bra became loose, and fell forward, exposing her beautiful full breasts and brown nipples. Sue's hands slipped it down her arms, and then returned up, to cup and heft her ample mounds, her thumbs flicking across the nipples, raising them from the tiny dark ring surrounding them. Marybeth reacted slightly, but never removed her eyes from mine. Sue's hands lingered at Marybeth's breast. Stroking the sides, pinching the nipples, before dropping to her sides, resting on her hips, reaching around to stroke under her ribs, her stomach, to the waistband of her skirt. They paused there, hesitant, then moved down, pressing down the front of the skirt, separating, following the line of each leg to mid thigh, then slowly moving together, bunching the skirt between Marybeth's legs. And then moving hesitantly up, pressed to the insides of her thigh, to where they met her hips, and lingering, finger moving, pressing into the flesh beneath two layers of clothing. Finally they moved away, to disappear behind her, and the skirt loosened, and Sue's hands guided it over Marybeth's hips, leaving her standing in a pair of lace panties, tiny and feminine. I looked at Marybeth, and she looked at me, and then her eyes darted to the tent in my pants, and back to my eyes, smiling now.

Sue was on her knees behind Marybeth, her face even with our friend's hips; she peeked from behind her to see me, and my eyes met hers. Her tongue slipped from between her lips, and she licked Marybeth's hip, just above the top of her panties. And then her hands slipped under the side, and began a slow descent, rolling them down, over the swell of her hips, exposing the shaved 'v' of her sex, pausing; then pulling them away from the smooth lips, and sliding them forever down Marybeth's long legs, to settle at her ankles. She rested there, reclining her face against Marybeth's thigh, one hand wrapped behind her, holding the leg from the inside, the other across her own body, stroking the leg on the front, slipping higher, and higher, until it reached her pussy, and it worked between her legs. Her fingers played there, touching another woman for the first time, watching me watch her as her fingers felt heat, touching moisture in another woman.

She pulled the hand away, brought it slowly to her lips, kissed her fingertips. My God, what a sexy woman she was. I was hard as a rock, and I couldn't tell if my heart or my cock yearned for her more. She stood then, still to Marybeth's side, and her hand went to Marybeth's face, and she pulled her into a loving kiss, hot and slow, tongues visible and teasing, then she stepped closer, pressing Marybeth's full naked body to hers, her arms behind her, around her. She broke the kiss and lowered her face to Marybeth's chest, and licked a nipple before sucking it into her mouth, playing with it as her fingers pulled and twisted the other. Marybeth moaned, and her head dropped back, her mouth open, her hands in Sue's hair, holding her head to her chest. Sue moved to the other nipple, her fingers playing with the first, still wet with her saliva. 

She stopped then, and pulled back, and holding Marybeth's hand, she took a slight bow, ending her performance. 

"That," I squeaked, and cleared my throat. "That was incredible." They looked at me, one dressed, one naked. "Marybeth, you look fabulous. But Sue appears to be overdressed. Could you help her out?"

Her face broke into a hungry grin. "I thought you'd never ask," she intoned, and moved behind Sue, who faced me. I watched her arms snake around the front, one to her chest, one between her legs, and she manhandled Sue, giving her pussy a forceful rub, squeezing her tits. I heard her growl in anticipation of stripping my wife. Not for the first time I imagined them together, both naked, licking each other, Marybeth the aggressor, Sue timid but eager. She was kissing Sue's neck, sucking on the tendons, and moved to her ear. Sue squirmed, but held still, allowing her friend to have her way with her, arousing her, her thighs squeezed together, trapping Marybeth's hand. Then Marybeth pulled back, began undoing the blouse, unbuttoning, pulling it away, almost too quickly, exposing my wife's half cup bra encasing most of her small breasts. Marybeth'a hand slipped inside one cup, fondling her roughly, pulling the breast out, squeezing it, showing me the pink, swollen nipple and areole, before pinching it, softly; then pulling hard, eliciting a squeak from Sue. Her hands came to the front, undoing the clasp there, and pulled the cups and straps from her, leaving her topless. Her chest rose and fell with deep breaths as one hand caressed her breasts, the other behind her, unseen. The hand in front moved then, disappearing behind Sue, and her skirt opened and fell to the floor, puddled at her ankles. Marybeth stayed behind her, dropping to her knees, and her hands reached for the boyshorts Sue wore, and began pulling them down. Before her pussy was exposed Marybeth pulled Sue's hips backwards, and Sue gasped at whatever Marybeth was doing to her exposed ass. 

She pulled the panties the rest of the way down her legs, then crawled to the front of her, helping her step out of her clothes. She moved her naked ass to point at me, turned to look at me, and bent all the way over, exposing her full cunt and asshole to my view as she removed Sue's shoes, one at a time. Sue put her hand on Marybeth's head to steady herself as the second shoe came off, Marybeth holding the foot up, and then lowered her head, licking her toes, sucking on them, burrowing her tongue between them. Awkwardly trying to look at her pussy and her tongue at the same time, I watched Marybeth lick all the way up Sue's leg, stopping at her hip, then turning to catch my eye. And then she jammed her face into Sue's crotch, moving it back and forth as Sue cried out, her hands on Marybeth's head, having her pussy licked by a woman for the very first time. 

After a few moments she stopped, and stood, and kissed Sue forcefully on the lips, letting her taste herself on Marybeth's tongue and mouth. The sight of these two beautiful women, naked and kissing, was almost too much to bear, and I thought I might cum without taking my cock out. Marybeth broke the kiss, and moved back behind Sue, whispering into her ear, her hands stroking her shoulders and breasts. Sue listened, then looked at the front of my pants, where my erection was trying to burst out. They both grinned, and I stood.

"You two are the hottest," I said, "and as arousing as it is to watch you, I can't wait any longer." I spread my arms. "I guess now I am the only one overdressed." Marybeth pushed Sue towards me and she fell into my arms, kissing me wetly as Marybeth approached. She put her arms around both of us, whispering into my ear, "You like seeing me lick your wife's pussy, don't you?" I broke the kiss with Sue and kissed Marybeth, my tongue darting into her mouth, meeting hers, as Sue began unbuttoning my shirt. She broke off, moving behind me, taking my shirt down my arms as Sue knelt to undo my pants. "She touched my cunt, your wife," she whispered in my ear, "she sucked my nipples." She kissed my ear. "I want to feel her tongue inside me. I want her to see you fuck me." Sue had my pants open, and pulled them down along with my boxer briefs, and my cock sprang out, rock hard and straight, pre-cum dripping at the tip. She licked at it, then took the head into her mouth, sucking the clear liquid from me, swirling her tongue, then pushing her mouth further down the shaft. 

"Suck that cock, wifey," Marybeth called to her, her hands at my ass, squeezing and pushing my hips forward. "Get it good and wet for my pussy!" 

Sue released me and replied, "Get over here and suck it yourself, bitch." Marybeth came around and got to her knees next to Sue, their faces next to each other. Sue held my shaft and pointed it at Marybeth's mouth. "Get busy, you cock slut." And she did, burying my shaft into her hot mouth. "Yeah, suck my man's cock, bitch, do a good job," she cajoled as Marybeth bobbed her head up and down my shaft, her hands on my thighs. The sight of two hot women below me was incredible, and the dirty talk made it even better. "Yeah, suck it good. Now lick his balls." Marybeth pulled off and went below, working my ball sack with her tongue, caressing my full globes, as Sue took my shaft back, still wet from Marybeth's mouth. 

"Fuck! That's hot!" I told them. I felt Marybeth's hand behind me, exploring my cheeks, finding my asshole. She tickled and pressed gently, not pushing in, as she sucked one of my balls into her mouth. I cried out in surprise and pleasure. 

Marybeth looked up, popped my testicle from her mouth, a string of saliva connecting them. "O-oo, you like that? Just wait, sweetie." She crawled back around behind me while Sue continued sucking my cock, until I felt her fingers separating my cheeks, poking at my little hole. Then I felt something warm and wet at my ass as she pressed her face into my butt. 

I have never had my ass licked before, and the feeling was incredible. My hips flinched, pushing my cock into the back of my wife's mouth, making her gag a little, and spit flew out of her lips, but she didn't pull back, even as I felt Marybeth's tongue slipping inside my tight ring. Holy shit, it was great. I looked down at Sue and told her, "She's licking my ass, her tongue is in my ass, fuck, suck my cock!" She bobbed her head in response, swirling her hand with her mouth. Then the tongue slipped out, and I felt a finger, pressing, and twisting a little, and then it was inside, Marybeth was fingering my ass. I had to push Sue away from my dick or else I might explode. The feeling of penetration, stroking my prostate, my ass trying to clench and open up at the same time was nearly driving me over the top.

"O-oo, Jason," Sue looked up at me, "you like that, don't you? Is she gonna make you cum too soon?" I grinned down at her, and pulled her up to me, kissing her, grunting into her mouth as Marybeth fingered my ass. I reached between her legs, my fingers splitting her lips, and slipped one inside. I had to bend a little to reach, giving Marybeth better access. As I fingered my wife's wet pussy, Marybeth added a finger, and I moaned into her mouth.

"Oh, yeah, he likes it," I heard Marybeth announce. "He can take two fingers, nice." I added a send finger to Sue, and squeezed her nipple with the other hand. She squirmed against me, pushing her hips forward, her tongue licking my lips and sucking on my tongue. The fingers suddenly pulled out of my ass, and I felt a little lick, and then Marybeth was standing next to us, kissing Sue's neck, and I felt her hands at Sue's pussy with my own, probing, and then slipping inside. Sue turned her head, and kissed Marybeth, and I kissed Marybeth's neck, and dropped Sue's breast to feel between Marybeth legs. She opened them a little, and my fingers entered her cunt, as wet as Sue's. Marybeth broke the kiss and told Sue, "Rub my clit," and resumed the kiss. I felt Sue's hand next to mine, her fingers between the folds of Marybeth wet snatch, as I fingered both women.

Marybeth moaned, and broke the kiss, and I pulled my fingers from both of them. I raised them to my mouth, but Marybeth stopped me, taking the one that had been inside her and feeding it to Sue as she licked the other. 

"Let's move to the bed," I managed. The women lay down on their backs, and I got on my knees between them. I kissed Sue, fingering her as I did, then switched to Marybeth, giving her the same, switching back and forth several more times. After a while I sat up, and pulled Marybeth's legs up and open, and lowered my face into her wet hole. She smelled divine, and tasted as I remembered, slightly more tangy than Sue, her lips wet and slick, the heat from her warming my tongue as it slipped into her hole, swirling in her nectar. Feeling motion on the bed I looked up and saw Sue roll over and rise to her knees, and take one of Marybeth's nipples into her mouth, sucking and teasing, then biting gently. She moved her hand to Marybeth's mouth and Marybeth sucked her fingers. I moved up to Marybeth's clit, giving it several swipes with my flattened tongue before teasing it with the tip, making her arch her hips up into my face. I pulled away and grabbed Sue's arm, pulled her to me, and kissed her, my face wet with Marybeth's juice. She groaned in my mouth, tasting her friend, and then I broke the kiss, looking into Sue's face.

"Lick her cunt," I told her, and pushed he head down. She needed no additional encouragement, and I watched her mouth open and cover Marybeth's hot hole, and her tongue licked, and slipped into her. I was entranced, watching my wife lick pussy for the very first time, enthusiastically. She was really going at it, not doing it to please Marybeth, or me, but because she was enjoying it, hungry for it. Fuck, that was hot! I looked at Marybeth, who was staring at me, grinning.

"Oh, Jason, she's good, she's as good as you!" She grinned. "Lick that cunt, slut! Lick where your man's cock is going to go!" Encouraged, she moved her head wildly, lapping at Marybeth's pussy. I moved up to Marybeth's tits and sucked her hard nipples, which were standing out proudly. I felt her hand on my cock. "I want this in my mouth," she said, "Let me suck you cock while your pretty wife eats my cunt!" She looked almost feral. I moved up next to her face and she lunged at my cock, craning her neck to impale her mouth on me. I inched closer, and she pushed her head further, and I felt the head of my cock at the back of her mouth as she coughed and her eyes teared. She pulled back, grinning, her lips slick with saliva. "Fuck, yeah. You want some more?" I did, and pulled her head by her hair onto my dick. I let her suck it for a few minutes, but pulled away when I felt the beginnings of a climax. Not yet, I thought, although the way she was using her mouth was very tempting. 

"No cum for you yet," I told her, and she pouted. "Get up." I helped her get up, pulling her pussy from Sue's face. I pulled Sue up the bed and lay her down, and pulled her legs up. I pointed at Marybeth. "Get busy," I told her.

She faked confusion. "Busy doing what?" she joked.

"Busy eating my cunt, bitch!" Sue shouted. "Get your tongue in my pussy!" She sounded mean, but she was grinning, and Marybeth got her face down and I watched her suck the lips of Sue's pussy, pulling them away from her body, then jam her mouth into the hole, drilling for Sue juice. She moaned as she sucked, then licked her way up to her clit, biting it a little, and them putting her mouth on it, and sucking hard. Sue wailed as the waves of pleasure rolled through her, her body bucking, her hips lifting up off the bed, her hands on Marybeth's hair, holding her in her pussy as she came, screaming, cumming in Marybeth's face and mouth. Marybeth held herself in place, licking and lapping up every drop, and kept at it until the wave passed, and Sue's body relaxed. Marybeth knelt up and kissed me, sharing the familiar taste of my wife's pussy with me. As she did I felt Sue suck my cock, and I groaned again. I pushed Marybeth away, and dove into Sue's cunt, on top of her in a sixty-nine as she sucked hard on my dick. We stayed that way for a few minutes, but because of her size, it's better with her on top, so we rolled over, still licking each other, only now her legs were spread wide to either side of my head. I had to crane my neck a little to reach her, because pulling her closer would have pulled her mouth off my cock. Marybeth jammed pillows under my head to help me, and watched for a few seconds as I enjoyed my wife's juicy cunt. 
