 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story contains fictional accounts of extramarital, multiple partner, and unprotected sex. If this is not your cup of tea, please feel free to move on. If you haven't read any of the prior stores, I recommend at least chapter one, possibly one through three. Please note that this chapter, without giving anything away, contains activities not covered in the others.

If you have stuck with the series from the beginning, thank you, and I hope this chapter will continue to entertain. Thanks for reading! 

*

MARYBETH'S NIGHT

When I woke the next morning Sue was still asleep, Marybeth was gone, I wondered if I had dreamed them going at it after I passed out. As I showered and dressed I marveled at how the night had gone, and at all the things I had learned about my wife, and about my friends. I reveled in the memories of seeing my fantasies come to life, and of helping Sue see hers realized as well. What a slut she turned out to be! I could only imagine what our sex life would be like after these nights. She was off tonight, so I let her sleep, and after dressing went down to eat breakfast. 

Mike and Marybeth were already there. Marybeth, ever the early riser, looked no worse for the wear and tear of our previous night's escapades. As we chatted over coffee I could picture her with Sue's hand stuffed in her cunt, squirting her cum in Sue's mouth, and remembering how passionate the girls had been, licking each other's pussies. She caught me staring at her a couple of times, and smiled. I could only hope that she was remembering our night as fondly as I did.

I finished eating, and went down to the beach alone as Mike and Marybeth went to shower. They met me later, and we hung out. Around eleven Sue finally made an appearance, looking fresh as a daisy. The day progressed as the others had, only Sue took her leave early in the afternoon, and went to town to do some shopping. At three o'clock Marybeth excused herself, kissed Mike, then kissed me, and told us not to be late. She told us to be in her room in boxers only, and walked off. 

Mike and I sat in awkward silence for a few minutes. 

"Been one hell of a week so far," he finally said.

Not wanting to break the no talking rule at this late date, I just nodded. 

"One more night," he said. "You ready?"

"You bet," I answered, feeling safe. "Should we go get ready?"

"In a few." He stayed silent a few more minutes. Then he turned and recognized my discomfort in talking. "Listen, I know we have rules, and we've all been good about keeping them," he said. "I'm not trying to step outside our agreement." He grinned. "It's been too much fun. If it gets ruined, it won't be my fault." I relaxed a little. "But we can talk. We just can't talk about what we've done." He motioned with his hand. "We can kinda talk around the edges of it. Like I can say I hope you had a good time last night. Or that I had a lot of fun on Sue's night. Or that I think Sue is a fabulous woman, even more than I did before. Like that." He paused. "Or that I think the girls talked a little with each other between the planning weekend and this week."

I turned to look at him. "It's just a suspicion, mind you. But knowing Marybeth's need for control, and what I've observed, I'd swear that they talked." He paused. "Not that I care, mind you. It's probably made the week better than it would have been by accident. So it's okay by me." Another pause. "I'm just saying they talked. Not saying we should."

"She does like her control, that Marybeth," I interjected.

"Tell me about it. She's not crazy about it, and she's okay with being kidded about it. But she likes being in charge."

"She's pretty good at it, you have to admit."

"No doubt, no doubt. That's most of the reason that it's only humorous and not unbearable." He started to stand. "Listen, I have some extra things to do to get ready, it's gonna take me a little longer, so I'll go up first. Give me about fifteen -- twenty minutes. Relax a bit. Do what I do when I have a few minutes to myself."

"Jerk off?"

"You ass. No, think about your wife, and how lucky you are." He turned and headed to the house. His last comment surprised me a little. Of course I appreciated Sue, but I stopped to think about it then. Besides all the ways we got along in day to day life, and all the ways I loved her and she loved me. Beside what she did that made me love her, and what she did that I loved her in spite of. In addition to all that, we had always been sexually compatible. We had enjoyed the same things, our desires had been evenly matched. We shared a sense of adventure. And this week I'd learned that her sense of adventure, while not identical to mine, was certainly parallel and even! And we had each reveled in the others fantasy night. I know she hadn't disappointed me, and I hope I did the same for her. I found myself then, alone, smiling, and with a new admiration for the complexities of our marriage and relationship. I got up, feeling pretty good, and headed for the house. The feeling stayed with me as I showered, and shaved and groomed myself for the final of the four fantasy threesome nights. 

At four, Mike and I in our boxers made out way from my bedroom to Mike and Marybeth's. The mood was light and anticipatory. We stopped at the door. Mike reached for the knob, but didn't open it. He turned to me. "You may have noticed that Marybeth's need for control creeps into her sexual activities," he whispered. 

"Yeah," I grinned, "I think I've experienced some of that."

"You may experience more tonight my friend," he intoned, and opened the door.

Images flashed through my head of Marybeth in a cartoonish black leather dominatrix outfit, cracking a whip, but as we entered I saw nothing of the sort; in fact it was almost disappointingly innocent. Marybeth sat erect on the corner of the bed in lacey panties and a matching bra, legs spread, hands on her knees. She grinned as we entered.

"Ah, my toys are here. Right on time, gentlemen, and I love punctuality." She looked both radiant and seductive, her makeup and hair done lightly, and her eyes had that fiery hunter look I'd seen last night. Her lips were in a red lipstick I'd never seen her wear before, and the corners of her mouth turned up in a sly grin. "As you can see, my fantasy doesn't include much undressing. I thought about starting us all out completely naked, but then I thought it was too much work." She grinned, then stopped. "I want fingers and tongues and cocks, boys, and I like my cocks hard. Come over here and let's see them." She directed us to stand in front of her and pulled down the front of our boxers. Neither of us were hard, and she fondled our dicks as she spoke. "Not good, boys. Turn around." We did, and I felt my boxers pulled down in the back. "Butts look good, though," I heard her say, then was surprised to feel a hard slap on one cheek. I started at the sudden impact, and cried out. My ass stung, and before I could react I felt the second one struck the same. Both cheeks heated up, and I heard two more slaps, assuming Mike got his done. 

"You two are mine tonight," she said softly behind us, as her hand stroked my heated butt cheeks, soothing the heated sting. "To do with as I please." Her hand slipped away for a second, and then I felt a wet fingers slip between my cheeks, probing for my asshole, finding it. My cock reacted, twitching and starting to fill, and her fingertip entered me. "M-mm," she said, almost to herself, "warm and tight, like I like them. Are you getting hard?" She pulled her finger out and turned us around. My cock stood half hard now, above the waistband of my boxers. "Better," she said. She reached between her tits and undid the front clasp of her bra, exposing her breasts. She cupped them, her thumb brushing her nipples, which were hard already, and my dick got harder. "Suck my tits, boys." 

We got down on our knees and leaned in, me on the left, Mike on the right. From the corner of my eye I saw him take the nipple and suck as I licked around her areole and teased the hard bud. She pulled my hair. "Not tease. Suck." She pulled my head into her, and I sucked, hard, and she groaned in response. I bit a little and she groaned more. I pulled it with my teeth, sucked hard, and pulled her nipple away from her chest, and listened to her react. Her hand was on the back of my head, stroking my hair. Her nipple was hard in my mouth, a succulent morsel of flesh. I hope she was enjoying it as much as I was. She sounded like she was. I made a sound to show my appreciation, and she liked it.

"O-oo, yeah, you like to suck, don't you, Jason?" she cooed. I muffled an affirmative, my mouth filled. "You'll get more of that in a little while," she finished, and pulled our heads away by the hair, a little roughly. She told us to stand and drop the boxers. She shrugged off the bra and wiggled out of her panties as we did. She sat back on the corner of the bed, spread her legs again, showing us the beautiful shaved pussy I had seen for the first time a month ago, and had enjoyed so much the previous night. She saw me looking. 

"You like my cunt, Jason? Remembering last night? The things you made me do?" Her voice was insistent, but playful. 

"Very much," I answered. My cock was rock hard now, sticking straight out. So was Mike's. 

"You liked making me do things, didn't you?" I said I did, and she said, "I liked doing them. And I bet you'll like what I make you do." She grabbed our cocks then, firmly but not rough, and stood up, stepping from the bed, turning us to face her. She dropped to her knees and took Mike's cockhead into her mouth, holding mine. I saw her tongue swirl around his cockhead, and then she slipped her lips down his shaft, taking about half his shaft into her mouth. She looked up at Mike as she sucked him, making sounds that expressed her enjoyment. The hand she kept on me held my rod firmly. Then, Mike still filling her mouth, she looked up at me. She popped his cock out with a loud sucking sound. 

"You're next," she said to me. "But first, get on your back."

I lay on the floor as she directed, and she lifted a knee over my face, lowering her wet, shaved pussy to my mouth. Looking up, I could see her breasts and her chin as she resumed sucking her husband. I could see her head moving forward and back onto his shaft, her mouth pumping his meat as I sucked her wet labia into my mouth, driving my tongue between them. I tasted her juices filling my mouth, and sucked her honey out of her, then jammed my tongue into her as far as I could reach. I heard her muffled squeal around Mike's meat, and she squirmed a little. I was licking up to her clit in long strokes as I heard another popping sound, and I looked up only to have a string of her drool drop onto my face from her mouth and Mike's cock. I blinked as it hit me, and stopped licking, trying to wipe it off. 

She reached to my face and squeezed my nose. "Hey" she said, looking down at me. "Did someone say stop? Get your fucking tongue back to work, buddy." She shifted her hips, rubbing her pussy from my nose to chin. "Try not to let my slobbering distract you." She sucked wildly on Mike as I watched, intentionally drooling on it, allowing the excess to fall to my face. She stopped, looked down at me again, fingers spreading her saliva on my face. "Remember," she teased, "you're next. Now lick." She began sucking Mike's cock again, pulling it into and out of her mouth, using lots of saliva so it would drip more. I tried to ignore it as I drove my tongue up inside her wet snatch, and licked her hardening clit. Her pussy gushed into me every time my tongue parted her lips. But I couldn't stop staring at her mouth working Mike's shaft, seeing her lips stroking and sucking, her tongue twirling and licking. She was really going to town on him, making noises with her efforts. 

After a few more minutes she looked down at me again, saw me watching her. "You like that, don't you Jason?" She was holding Mike's cock, wet and slick, against her face, smearing the drool at her lips. Her fingers glistened with wetness too. She lifted her leg off me, and made me get up and kneel next to her. "You wanna see?" I was facing her, seeing her sliding her wet hand on his shaft. She kissed me then, hard and hot, her wet lips and face pressing into me, tongue inside my mouth. "M-mm, I taste pussy," she oozed. "Tell me, can you taste cock?" She pushed her mouth down Mike's hard shaft, one hand on the base, the other around my neck, holding me there, pressing my cheek to hers as she sucked him. 

I watched, felt her tongue slip out to swirl around his cock head. She turned, kissed me again, smearing my face with her saliva, then turned and took Mike's cock into her mouth again. She pushed it into her cheek, fuck, I could feel it pushing out against my face, then she pushed her mouth all the way down, holding me with her as she took it into the back of her mouth. She held it there a few seconds; I felt her muscles working him, and then pulled off, and kissed me wetly, her mouth filled with saliva, tasting a little of precum. As she kissed me she rubbed the head of his cock at her face, touching her lips as we kissed.

I have never felt a desire to be with another man, let me tell you. And the idea of another hard cock in the room, never mind visible or active, was foreign territory just a month ago, until the night Marybeth let us convince ourselves that we wanted to have our threesome fantasies come true. That night I watched her, and then Sue, suck Mike's cock. But two nights ago I watched Mike fuck Sue, and then fuck her ass while I was in her pussy. I felt it rubbing inside her. But this, this was the closest I had ever been to another guy's equipment, soft or hard, in my life. But it was strangely erotic, mostly due to the way Marybeth was acting, so slutty and energetic, kissing me with her sloppy mouth, pressing my face to hers as she sucked her husband. I went along, oddly aroused by the proximity, wondering when she would do the same to me.

She pulled back from our passionate kiss enough to whisper, "You're next," but instead or going for my dick she pulled my head, mouth open, onto Mike's cock. I was stunned, and hesitated, pushing back against her hand, but she held me there, whispered, "no saying no" to me, and pressed behind my neck, forcing my mouth forward as his dick slipped into my mouth.

I was stunned, and shocked, and humiliated, and I felt my erection begin to disappear. I had never done anything like this before, had never had a desire for it, wasn't curious, and yet here I was, Marybeth's face pressed against me as I took her husband's cock in my mouth and began sucking. His cock was smooth; soft yet firm in my mouth, suddenly experiencing what Sue and Marybeth (and most other women) feel. I felt the spongy head against my tongue. Marybeth cooed soft encouragement as I sucked, not knowing what to do, just doing what I had seen her do, what I thought I should do. I sucked, I licked. "Yeah, that's it, baby, suck that fat cock, that's it, you're doing good. Do you like the way that feels?" She gradually eased the pressure on the back of my head, allowing me to pull back, to suck the head, to swirl my lips on the sensitive spot underneath, the way I had seen, the way I liked. "Can you suck his cock as good as I lick pussy? Do you like it as much as I enjoyed Sue's cunt?" She pulled me off, kissed me hard again, and then took it back into her own mouth. 

I tried to pull back but she held me there again, feeling the cock in her mouth, feeling her sucking and working the muscles in her mouth and throat on Mike's shaft. She pulled off with a loud slurp, pointed it at me, and nudged me forward again. She didn't push this time as I opened and accepted the wet hardness into my mouth. I wrapped my lips around it, sucking, pushing myself down until it filled my mouth, pushing into the back, near my throat, reaching her slicked fingers, a little proud of how much I could take. She licked my lips as I sucked, kissing me, holding her face to mine, whispering, "Suck him, baby, that's it, that's good." Then she moved down to lick his balls, sucking one into her mouth. I heard Mike grunt at the stimulation, and felt his cock twitch in my mouth. Would she make him cum in my mouth? I was a little afraid, and pulled back, licked the head.

She came back up, kissed me again, her mouth open and tongue darting. Remarkably, I felt my dick getting hard again. She noticed, stroked me once, and teased, "M-mm, getting aroused at sucking cock? Wondering if you might be a little gay?" She sucked Mike's cock again, pushing my face aside. I stayed close without her urging. When she released him and pointed it at me, I took it without the push, now a little eager to feel the firm heat and soft skin filling my mouth. "It's OK to like it, sweetie. Just like your little sweet wife enjoyed licking my cunt. She's no lesbian, she just likes to have fun! Just like you!" I bobbed my head on the shaft, enjoying the feeling, wondering if I was doing a good job, a little ashamed of myself for liking it; a little afraid, but astounded at how good it was. 

"You want him to cum, don't you?" she asked sweetly. "Good, make him cum, suck his cock till he's ready to blast his hot load." I heard Mike groaning at his wife's urging. "But not in your mouth, you can't have it. His cum is for me." I looked sideways at her, still sucking, as she kissed and licked my mouth and face. "You'll feel it when he's ready, you'll know," she said, "when he starts, give it to me. Jerk him off in my mouth." I felt his cock twitch again, felt his hips pulse, and knew he was close. "I'll share, I promise." I worked him harder, coaxing his orgasm, sucking and pumping my mouth on him, then I heard him start to grunt, and I pulled off. I reached up, pushed Marybeth's hand out of the way and began jerking him, stroking the slick shaft as she took just the cockhead into her mouth. I felt his cock swell, and jerk, felt the pulses as his balls pulled up and jetted his cum into her mouth. I kissed her lips as she took his blasts, licking his cock a little as I gently stroked his remaining jerks. My cock was rock hard now, watching Marybeth getting her mouth filled with Mike's hot semen, Mike groaning loudly.

He finished, and I released him, and he pulled from her mouth. She held it open, showing Mike first, then turning to face me. Just inches from me I saw his slimy load pooled around her tongue, some of it drooling from her mouth as she lowered her head to face me. Then she closed her mouth, pushed some out onto her lips, and swallowed. She stared at me, grinning, and then kissed me again, hard, her lips and tongue coated with jizz. I tasted it, felt it in my mouth, smelled on her breath and her face. Fuck, it was hot! 

She pulled her face back, licking her lips, and I realized I was doing the same thing. She grinned at me, and I sheepishly grinned back. 

"You liked that," she smiled, "didn't you?"

I nodded, unable to answer out loud.

"It's fun sucking cock!" she exclaimed. "and the feel of cum in your mouth is nasty, but a good nasty, right?" I nodded again, looked at her. I couldn't look up at Mike, though. My cock was pounding, aching for relief. I searched her face for some sign that she might take care of me, but I was denied.

"That was so hot," she said, grabbing my face with both hands, "you use your mouth so good," and licked my mouth, "I want you to use it on me." She let me go, and lay back on the floor. "Take care of me now, my little mouth toy. Finish what you started. Lick me till I cum." She raised her knees, put her hands behind them, and pulled them to her chest, spreading herself for me. My mouth was tired, but the sight of her shaved and open, wet pussy spurred me to action. I crawled between her legs, and licked all around the outside of her swollen lips, from the bottom, around the top, tickling her clit, and down the other side. When I got to the bottom I darted my tongue down to her anus, and played with her little hole, teasing it, and then trailed it up, to the beginning if her slit. I burrowed it slowly inside, then pushed it into her slippery hole as far as I could reach, wriggling it. 
