 "I'm so excited Master," Sonia said with a yawn. "I just wish I wasn't so tired. How do you manage to look alive after the night we had last night?"

I glanced around at my pets as we pulled in to the clinic parking area and laughed. They had all wanted to come with me to my nine o'clock appointment, and were regretting staying out until one in the morning dancing now. We had been in Los Angeles for a couple days now, and I thought my pets might enjoy a night of dancing. I had booked at the Sofitel because they have a nightclub and we were only going to be here for a couple days.

"I recall going to bed around eleven, but I also seem to recall several pets begging me to let them stay and dance," I reminded her. "I gave you permission to stay as late as you wished, but reminded you we had an appointment this morning."

"Sorry Master, we kind of lost track of the time," she replied with a blush. "We were having too much fun dancing and shooting down the men who tried to take us home. The only reason we came back as early as we did was I saw some guy try to slip something in Kiera's drink and decide it was time to go. I did point out the guy to the doorman on our way out though, because I didn't want some poor girl getting raped."

I nodded in approval as the driver opened the door for us, "You did good." I had told them to watch out for each other and not to let anyone buy them drinks. Anyone trying to drug one of them would be in for a rude awakening when the other three descended on him, but it was still better to avoid the problem all togeather.

Entering the clinic was a bit of a shock. It looked more like a well-appointed living room than any medical office I had ever seen. If not for the young lady at the desk who greeted us, I would have thought I was in the wrong place. I had barely sat down after filling out the paperwork when the nurse called my name.

"Mister Frame, the doctor is ready for you. If you wish your partner to join you, it's highly encouraged." Her eyebrows shot up when all my pets jumped up to join me. "I suppose there is enough space in the consultation room if you wish for all of them to join you."

When I looked back and nodded, their quiet 'thank you Master' got a curious look from the nurse and made them blush. Her chuckle as she led us into the back cleared the air. "We are in the middle of Los Angeles, so you are not the first alternative lifestyle I have seen here. I am just curious how you manage to keep up with all four of them."

I couldn't help but laugh. "I get a little help from modern pharmacology, but mostly I let them take care of each other when I get worn out. It seems to work out well enough."

She reviewed the girls as they filed into the room and took their seats. "They certainly seem happy enough with the arrangement, whatever it is. I will let the doctor know you are ready for him. He should be in in just a few minutes."

Once again, the lack of waiting caught me by surprise, as the doctor walked in less than five minutes later. "Mister Frame, I'm Dr. Turek. I've already been over your records and test results, but I would like to hear your view of what brought you here."

We discussed my previous attempts to have children and went over most of my medical history before he got down to the point of our visit. "We have a good news, bad news scenario here. The good news is that Dr. Bazzoli is an expert in female reproductive problems and knows how to properly test a semen sample. He did a full pellet analysis on both samples and they showed no sperm. With your blood tests showing normal hormone levels, and your physical showing none of the issues that I would look for, that is a good thing for us."

"The bad news is that he didn't even recommend you have a testis biopsy to see if you are producing sperm. With you having had a corrective surgery for an inguinal hernia, there is a chance the vas deferens was damaged or blocked and you are still producing sperm, it's just not getting through to your ejaculate. A testis biopsy would have been helpful, but thankfully we don't need it," he said as he flipped through my paperwork.

"As I am sure my staff told you, we put our international clients on a rush processing so you don't have to wait around for test results. You have been through the checklist and signed off on the FNA mapping procedure. It's similar to a testis biopsy, but less invasive and has a much faster recover time. I have been developing a new test though, that is entirely noninvasive, called metabolic mapping. It is basically an MRI scan that measures the cellular activity of the testis that is associated with sperm production. If it's inconclusive we can still do the FNA mapping, but it could save you recovery time and a significant amount of soreness."

I had to admit that it sounded far better than having a needle, even a tiny one, jammed into my testicles. "That sounds like a plan. When can we schedule the scan?"

Dr. Turek chuckled as he checked his watch, "How about now? We just got our own scanner since the one at Cedars Sinai is scheduled at least a week out for non-emergency purposes. The scan will only take half an hour and will let us know if we can skip the FNA mapping."

I was all for a chance to skip the needles. Before we left he popped open a cabinet, exposing the television inside and handed the girls the remote so they could keep themselves entertained while we were gone. Forty-five minutes later the nurse was leading me back into the room, telling me the doctor would be back as soon as he finished reading the results.

We watched half an hour of The Price Is Right before the doctor came in with a smile on his face. "We have another good news, bad news situation, but I guarantee the good news will make the bad news irrelevant. The good news is you have the sperm production of a man half your age, so the problem is an obstruction and something we can fix with a high chance of success. I have a surgical appointment open on Friday afternoon if you are available."

I could see the bright smiles on my pet's faces when I nodded. "Friday will be perfect, but I have a couple questions. What is the bad news, and how long should I wait before flying? We delayed an extended vacation and I need to arrange for the flights so we can get back to relaxing on a tropical beach."

"It is a microsurgery, so I would wait until Monday to depart unless you have excessive pain or swelling. You should also try to walk around a bit every half hour or so during the flight if possible," he told me. "As for the bad news, the first day after the procedure should be as much rest as possible, but you will need to refrain from any strenuous activity, including sex, for at least five days. After that, you can let your body be the determining factor. If there is any pain or discomfort, wait a couple more days."

I could see my pets disappointed looks and chuckled to myself. "It will be a bit different from our usual schedule, but we will do what we need to. I can go without for a week if it gives us a good chance of having children in the future. I am a bit curious though, how is it we can get in for surgery so quickly?"

"It's actually pretty easy to explain. Most insurance companies will cover the initial consultation and testing, but require a pre-authorization for the procedure that can take a month or more to go through," he explained. "You are paying for the procedure directly, so it's easy to get you into the next available spot. It's actually kind of nice, knowing I am not going to have to argue with an insurance company about the procedure being necessary."

"We don't have that problem back home," I chuckled. "It can take forever to get into see a doctor for anything non life threatening though. Anything special I need to worry about before the procedure?"

"The receptionist will have a packet with the instructions and release forms," he told me. "Just let her know you want the Friday appointment and she will go over all of it with you again. Avoid any over the counter painkillers, bring a pair of tight shorts and have light meals the day of your procedure. Also, make sure you have a ride, as you will be on a sedative on top of the local anesthetics."

After a final exchange of pleasantries, he led us back out to the reception area. It took several minutes to schedule my next appointment, go over the pre-op instructions and sign the consent forms before we were able to leave. My pets were subdued as we left the office and got back into the car, but my kitten slipped into my lap as soon as the driver closed the door.

"Cheer up my dears, it's only going to be five days," I told them. "I am sure you can keep each other satisfied while I recover. It will be well worth it if the procedure works and I can breed the three of you."

"We agree completely Master," Sonia told me. "I read all the paperwork they sent so I knew there would be recovery time after the procedures and warned my sisters. We have already discussed it and will not even be playing with each other until you are recovered unless you order us to. We are just conserving our energy for now, as we would like to spend the next three days showering you in so much sex that you want a five day vacation by the time you go in for your procedure."

"That sounds like a good plan, but I doubt I would ever want a vacation from the four of you," I chuckled. "I do need to arrange for the limo on Friday and call Julien to arrange for our flight on Monday first though. I am also not going to allow the four of you to wait out my recovery time. You will each spend at least half an hour a day pleasuring each of your sisters while I am recovering."

I could see she wanted to object, but she couldn't find a way around my order and finally lowered her eyes. "As you wish Master, but we will feel bad playing if you can't join us. I didn't want you to be aroused and not be able to get any relief."

"I appreciate the thought my dear, but we will be on the island by the time I am recovered. You can spend several days on the beach relieving any built up tension I have then," I told her. "I don't want the four of you being wound up, as I will still have to take it easy for a couple days after I can start having sex again. The arousal is something I will just have to deal with, as I certainly don't plan on sleeping alone."

"We kind of figured that Master, we just did not want to make it any worse," Marta told me. "Is it okay of we at least keep our play time private so you don't have to watch? Having you be there and not able to join us would be horrible."

"I had planned on that my pet," I laughed. "I want you to be able to enjoy yourselves, but I don't exactly want to torture myself in the process. We are going to do something a bit different when we get to the hotel, since we all happened to be dressed for a change. Let's hit the Estrerel and see if we can get a table for lunch. I am getting a bit tired of room service."

My pets groaned at the thought of having to wait, but we had all night to play and I enjoyed taking them out. The admiring looks they got as we walked into the restaurant, and their outrageous flirting with the wait staff, more than made up for any delay in their planned fun. Having four beautiful women at the table almost guarantees exceptional service, and the food was fairly good as well.

As we went back up to our rooms, the girls were laughing and teasing each other about who had aroused the waiters the most. When we entered the room though, they quickly stripped and jumped on the bed. "How would you like us first Master," Sonia asked as they all watched me with hunger in their eyes.

"I still have to make a couple calls to set up our travel arrangements," I reminded her. "The four of you can keep each other warmed up while I take care of it."

Their pleasured moans followed me as I went over to the desk. A quick call to the concierge took care of the limo arrangements for Friday before my pets got too loud. It doesn't really matter if they get loud for the next one.

"Tropical Delights Resort, this is Anna speaking, how may I assist you today?" Anna's quiet, musical voice always brought a smile to my face.

"È possibile striscia e piegare su di voi scrivania," I replied. "Il mio cattivo piccola tigre."

If I didn't know her so well, I might have missed the slightly exasperated tone of her voice. "I'm sorry sir, but I don't speak any Italian. If you can give me a few minutes, I can get Mister Slade to speak with you."

"I said, 'You can strip and bend over your desk for me, my naughty little tiger'," I continued in English. "We really need to teach you some Italian my dear, it's far sexier than English."

"Oh, hello Master, you could try, but I'm really not very good with languages," she replied. "Did you really want me to get naked and bend over the desk for you? I'm perfectly willing, but I may get in trouble if Master Julien catches me naked in the office."

"No my pet, I was just teasing a bit," I chuckled. "It's not nearly as much fun if I'm not there to watch you stripping for me. I was actually calling to arrange for transportation as I will be ready to fly out on Monday."

"From the background noises there I would guess you already have a nice visual, but it would be more fun for me if you were here as well," she purred into the phone. "I can arrange for the flight crew to come pick you up, but I will have to adjust the flights a bit. Master Julien said you might be calling and to make whatever arrangements you needed. We have a couple of guests that need to be in Hawaii on Sunday morning, but the smaller jet only requires a two man crew, so the rest of them can fly the G650 over to pick you up in Bari. They don't like the required rest periods for only having a four man crew, but they will be fine."

"Slow down my dear, we are not in Bari, so they won't have to make the longer trip," I explained. "Sonia convinced me to come see a male fertility specialist in Los Angeles, and I have an appointment with him on Friday for a procedure that will hopefully reverse my sterility. So don't get too excited about bending over naked in front of me when I arrive, as I will not be able to have sex for a few days."

"That is wonderful news Master. I'm sure your pets are ecstatic that you will be able to breed them, although the no sex for a few days kind of sucks," she replied. "Your being in Los Angeles makes it easy for me though, I can have the flight crew jump from Honolulu to Los Angeles Sunday afternoon and stay the night so you can depart Monday morning. Do you know how long you will be able to stay this time Master? Some of my sisters were disappointed that they did not get to spend the night with you last time, even if we all were able to play together. They understand why you had to go early, but were hoping you were going to stay longer when you came back."

"I think I will be able to find plenty of time for everyone. My house is a construction site right now, so I was planning on staying at least a couple months," I told her. "Depending on how the project is going I may extend that a bit, but we will have to see."

"That sounds wonderful Master. We will all get several chances to spend the night with you," she said dreamily. "My sisters are going to be as happy as I am when they hear that, and I will let Master Julien know as soon as we get off the phone. From the sounds in the background, you have four very excited pets to go play with though, so I really shouldn't keep you."

I chucked as I watched my pets. "It would be much louder if Sonia was not sitting on Kiera's face, muffling her orgasmic screams, but I should go and enjoy them. I only have three days before I have to give up sex for a while. Let everyone know we will be in Monday night, and we are looking forward to seeing you all again."

"I will let them know Master" Anna replied. "We are looking forward to seeing all of you as well."

As we said our goodbyes and hung up, my pets slowed their play to watch me. They didn't stop of course, but had paired off, Sonia with Marta and Felicia with Kiera. They were slowly stroking their partner's pussies as they waited for me to decide who I wanted to start with. As I slowly removed my clothes, they licked their lips, but looked confused when I lay back on the bed between the two pairs.

We watched each other for a couple minutes before I finally had to laugh. "I thought I was supposed to be showered in so much pleasure that I would want a five day vacation. I'm still waiting."

I could see the glint in Sonia's eyes at the challenge. Despite being submissive for me, she loved to be in control. "Of course Master, I don't know what we were thinking. Kiera, Marta, the two of you have given double blowjobs with me or our lovely kitten before, but I think the two of you should work together his time. Don't try to push him to climax too quickly as we want to extend the pleasure for our Master. My sweet little kitten, I am sure you can find a way to help increase Master's pleasure on that side of his body while I work on him from over here."

Sonia and my kitten each took a hand, licking and gently sucking on my fingers as Kiera and Marta slipped off the bed, crawling up between my legs. With perfect timing, their tongues reached out together to run over my balls and up my shaft. Closing my eyes, I felt them kiss around the head of my cock before one of them moved back down to start gently sucking my balls as the other worked their tongue over my shaft.

Kiera and Marta shifted so they were both kissing and licking along the sides of my cock as Sonia and Felicia started working their way up my arms. I luxuriated in their soft, sensual touches for several minutes before Sonia lips pulled off my nipple and said "switch."

All four of then pulled back as Sonia and Felicia got off the bed. I sat in silence for a moment before I felt a two pairs of lips start kissing up my thighs and a pair of weights settle on the bed. I truly had no idea who was where until I felt a nipple trace over my lips.

"We thought you might be thirsty Master," Kiera whispered as I latched onto it. She moaned quietly as I started to suckle on her and I savored the sweet flavor of her milk as it flowed into my mouth. She was the first lover I had ever had that was lactating, and I loved the eroticism of feeding directly from her breasts.

I recognized the feeling of Marta's smaller breasts and hard nipples pressed into my side a second before her lips started working on my neck, meaning Sonia and Felicia were the ones who had just engulfed my balls. As my arms went around Marta's body I realized they must have been cheek to cheek but the feeling of having one of my balls in each of their mouths was amazing. They both started humming softly as a hand wrapped around my cock and started slowly stroking me.

They held those positions as I listened to Kiera's lovely moans while nursing on her, until the flow of her milk stopped. Her nipple slipped out of my mouth and I heard her whisper, "that's one," as the other nipple brushed across my lips. Marta shifted so she was more on top of my body and started on the other side of my neck as I latched on to Kiera's nipple.

The hand slid to the base of my cock as Sonia and Felicia moved up and kissed around the head of my cock. Keeping their mouths open, they slid down my shaft with my cock trapped between their mouths. They started bobbing up and down, keeping me trapped between their lips as their tongues danced along the sides of my shaft.

I sucked harder at Kiera's nipple, causing her to moan loudly, as my other pets drove me wild with pleasure. "Oh god," Kiera moaned, "I think he really likes that. Try not to get him to close though; we want the next round to last a while."

The touch of Sonia and Felicia's lips became lighter and Marta's lips moved up to my ear. "Please go easy on her nipples Master," Marta whispered. "She promised us she wouldn't cum until you were done feeding and we can start round three, but if she has to hold back, she will insist on being punished for breaking your rules."
