 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story contains descriptions of fictional characters engaging in extramarital and unprotected sex. If this is not your cup of tea, feel free to move on. 

This is the last chapter of the "Five Nights" series. To those of you who read them all the way through, thanks you, and I hope you have enjoyed reading them as much as I enjoyed writing them. Thanks for voting, and for the appreciative comments!





THE MORNING AFTER

I woke slowly the next morning to the sound of light rain at the window. Because of the cloudy sky I couldn't really tell what time it was. I turned and saw Sue was gone, and I wondered how late it might be, and then instantly wondered how to tell her what I had done last night. Unlike all the other mornings this week, the 'no talking' rule was now officially ended; I knew that she would find out. I wanted to know what she did on Mike's night, when I wasn't there, so I was pretty sure she'd want to know what I did. 

What would she think of me?

I thought about Marybeth's discussion of society's judgment of sexuality while showering. It was true; if a woman who has sex with men one day does it with a woman, society thinks she's open-minded. If a guy who's straight sucks another guy's dick, he's gay. Not everyone, of course, but certainly the uptight, 'normal' majority. I didn't think I was gay. What would Sue think when she found out I that I had sucked Mike's dick? More importantly, when she heard I enjoyed it? That I swallowed his cum? 

Remembering, I told myself it wasn't unpleasant. But the memory betrayed me as I was drying myself and felt my dick swelling and rising. Okay, it was kind of hot, but I wasn't giving up pussy anytime soon, and while I wasn't eager to do it again, I couldn't say that I wouldn't, if the opportunity arose. I dressed quickly, convinced I should tell her myself, before she heard it from Mike or Marybeth. 

As I came down the stairs I heard voices in the kitchen, both female, and hoped that the cat wasn't out of the bag already. I turned into the doorway to see Sue and Marybeth sitting at the table, talking, with coffee and muffins. They turned to look at me, and we exchanged 'good morning's as I kissed Sue, then Marybeth, and took a seat across from them. They were silent, but grinning a little, like little girls. I took a muffin. 

"What?" I asked expectantly. 

Marybeth smirked and asked, "Would you like some coffee, cocksucker?" and they both snickered. 

I guess I was too late.

"Okay, let's get it all out, go ahead," I encouraged them. 

"Oh, we're only teasing, Jason." Sue said, smiling, and reached to me, putting her hand on my arm. Then she grinned. "But seriously, you're not going gay on me, are you?"

I laughed with them, I had to. "I might," I joked, "I enjoyed it, and we can talk about sports and do guy stuff after he cums in my mouth." I stuck out my tongue at her. Real mature, but they laughed. "So I guess Marybeth told you all about it?"

"Yeah, I got up early, and we went into town for the muffins, and she told me what she got you to do." 

"Hey, fair's fair," I said, trying to sound nonchalant now. "Some idiot wanted a 'no saying no' rule, and Miss Control took full advantage of it." I grinned at Marybeth. "And today I guess she needed to control the information, too!"

"You got that right," she said, smiling broadly, proud of herself. 

Sue's hand squeezed my arm. "I'm sorry I missed it, it sounded hot!" 

I leaned to her, and kissed her, more than a good morning kiss this time, and she returned it with some light tongue, just the tip, dancing lightly at my lips. I tasted coffee. I pulled away as Marybeth set a mug of coffee in front of me. 

"Where's my kiss?" she asked, and leaned down to give me a slightly romantic, more-than-friends kiss on the lips, brushing my lips with her tongue. She turned to Sue. "He feels a little different, don't you think?"

"Very funny. And yours feel like they enjoy pussy," I chided. 

"Ha ha," she exaggerated, then added, "but they do, make no mistake," she smirked, sitting. "Especially shaved, married friend pussy!" I put up my hand, and she girl-fived me, just a finger touching. 

"You know, Marybeth," I said, more seriously, "this has been a hell of a week, and we have you to thank for it." I raised my coffee in mock salute.

"Well, we all participated," she replied, lowering her eyes slightly. 

"No, he's right," Sue chimed in, "if not for you, we wouldn't have done this. Hell, we might have never known we wanted to!" She raised her mug. "It's empty, but here's to you. Thanks for inspiring us."

Marybeth stood and made a slight bow at the waist. "You are all very welcome," she said, "I'm glad it all turned out so well, better than I could've imagined. And believe me, it was my pleasure, too!" She looked at us for a second. "We should have a real toast, though, to friends and lovers."

"It's a little early to start drinking, no?"

"Something light, I thought. How about mimosas?" We thought that was a great idea, and Sue got up to fetch the champagne. We chatted as we made them, then moved to the den to relax. I heard the shower running and mentioned it as I settled into the big chair.

"Shouldn't we wait for Mike?" I asked, as Sue sat on my lap, and Marybeth stretched out on the loveseat. 

"He can catch up," she quipped, raising her glass. "To friends, and spouses, and lovers," she announced, and we agreed, and sipped. They drinks were perfect late morning cocktails.

"To fantasies fulfilled," I added, and we sipped again as the girls agreed. 

Sue squirmed off my lap to stand, almost spilling, but catching a drip, and licking it off her fingers, giggling. She raised her glass. "To new horizons, broader perspectives, and surprising ourselves." She sipped, then added, "and mostly, to you, Marybeth, for opening the door."

"Open doors," I agreed, "and minds. And legs!"

"And mouths!" Marybeth added, grinning. We got a chuckle, and Sue settled back down in my lap, her legs hanging over the arm of the chair, snuggling her shoulder into my chest. She looked out the window at the overcast and drizzle. "No beach today," she mused, "nothing to do but sit inside and drink."

"And remember," I added. "Speaking of remembering, since you already know what I did on your night off, how was your night without me?"

"Fucking fabulous," Marybeth offered. "She was incredible."

I snaked an arm around my wife's waist, pulled her closer. "Tell me. I saw you in bed, asleep, when I came home. It looked like you had fun." She looked up, kissed me on the nose. "That's when I saw your pussy was shaved."

"Marybeth did it for me. Mike told her to," she said softly. "He made her do it on the bed, while he watched."

"Sounds hot," I told her.

"She got so wet, the whore." 

"Who are you calling a whore, slut?" Sue laughed, "You fingered me."

"That's right, you married slut," she teased with a grin, "I fingered you till you came for us, and then I shoved my fingers in your mouth."

Sue blushed a little. "That was my first orgasm that night. My first of the week!"

"How many did you have?" I asked.

She never hesitated. "I have no idea. A lot. I didn't count." She snuggled closer, then sat up. "She fingered my ass, too, only it was Mike's night, and he didn't tell her to do it yet."

"Sounds like fun," we heard from the hallway. "I think I remember that." Mike was there, dressed and grinning, hair still wet. "It feels like ages ago already!" he stepped in and kissed Marybeth, and she sat up to make room for him on the loveseat. "Drinking already?" he asked, spying the pitcher of Mimosas. 

"We're celebrating," she told him. "It's rainy, so there's no reason to go out. And for your information, it's pretty late already."

"Late for you. You couldn't sleep in if you tried."

"I had company this morning." She motioned to Sue. "Sue and I went out for muffins and OJ early."

Mike looked at me. I felt a flash of embarrassment when our eyes met, but it passed quickly. "When did you get up?"

"I came down about a half hour ago. Get some breakfast, I'll pour you a cocktail. How are you feeling?"

He made an exaggerated motion of walking stiffly, grimacing. "Oh, not too bad," he laughed and straightened up. "You?"

I grinned. "My jaw's a little stiff," I joked. Sue slapped my shoulder and laughed. I kissed her, then asked, "Do you know where these lips have been?"

"Everyplace mine were!" That got a smile out of me, and I kissed her again.

"Hey, get a room, you two," Marybeth called from the loveseat. "Haven't you had enough?"

Me, I was getting a little stiffie, but it was Sue who answered, "Not nearly!"

Mike came back in holding a plate with a half-devoured muffin, and stopped at the chair where I was sitting with Sue. "Where's my drink?"

I pushed Sue, and slid out from under her as Mike sat next to Marybeth, and I poured him a drink and refilled everyone else's. Before sitting, I raised my glass. "Mike wasn't here for the first one, so we do it again. Here's to friends, and spouses, and fun, and trying new things and fantasy fulfillment, and especially, to Marybeth, who let us know it was all possible." We toasted, and drank, and I sat on the floor, my head leaning on Sue's leg, and she draped the other one over my shoulder. 

"So Mike," she said, "Marybeth and I caught up this morning on what we missed on our nights off." Mike responded with a grunt through a mouthful of muffin. "Marybeth was just telling Jason what he missed."

"I didn't finish though," Marybeth interrupted. "Mike barged in right when I was telling Jason how she came after I shaved her."

"Oh, sorry dear," Mike intoned, overly serious, "did I chafe your overdeveloped need for control?"

"Oh, stop it. I just mean that I was getting to the good part."

"Well, then, by all means, continue telling Jason how much fun we had with Sue." Then he added quickly, "But you ARE a control freak."

"You say it like it's a bad thing," she answered, her standard reply. "You didn't mind last night!"

"Nope, not at all," he said, leaning in to kiss her. She slipped a hand behind his head, and held him there for a long, lingering kiss.

"Now who needs a room?" I asked.

They broke the kiss, and Marybeth said, "Hey, this IS a room," and we all laughed, and she added, "besides, it's not like you might see something you ain't already seen!"

"Too true," Sue answered, and we raised our glasses in salute.

"So anyway, Jason, as I was saying," she cast a sideways glance at Mike, "after Sue sucked her fingers clean-"

"She stuck then in my ass!" Sue chirped.

"Hey, who's telling this?"

"We both are. All three, if Mike helps." Then to us, conspiratorially, "wow, she really bristles when it doesn't go her way." We chuckled, and Marybeth glared at us till we were silent. 

"So, yes, I fingered her ass, and she loved it, and then Mike made us both suck his cock, together, while we fingered each other. Then he licked our pussies and asses."

"That was great, Mike," Sue interjected. "If I didn't say so before."

"I think you did, but it was my pleasure."

"Then," Marybeth continued, "he had us suck him till he came."

"Let me guess," I asked. "He gave Sue a facial?"

"Close," she answered, and I felt Sue's hand in my hair, rubbing lightly. "He wanted to see us swap, so he came in my mouth, and I drooled it into Sue's mouth, and we passed it back and forth, until I dripped it all over her face."

I looked up at Sue, and she had a hand in front of her face, blushing a little. Cute, considering the things she'd done and said in the last few days. I fell in love a little, again.

"Then he had us sixty-nine, while he watched, and licked our asses. And let me say for the record, Sue can lick some pussy!" She raised her glass in a toast to my wife. "And THEN Sue got her facial, from me!" 

"That was incredible," Mike confirmed. I remembered Marybeth squirting into Sue's mouth on my night. He was right. I hugged her leg.

"Then we took a break, and after, he fucked us both, back and forth, making us suck each other's pussy juice off his dick. That was pretty hot. He came in Sue, and made me lick it out."

"I think you left some," I told her, "I peeked at her when she was sleeping."

"Mike stuck his cock in Sue's mouth, and she cleaned him off, and got him hard again."

"Wow, three times? You're my idol," I raised my glass. 

"The wonders of modern pharmacology," he quipped.

"And then he made me lick Sue while he fucked my ass." 

"I passed out from cumming," Sue admitted. "Marybeth has a great tongue." With emphasis she added, "For the record." 

"So, Jason, you know what you missed on Mike's night. You want to tell him what he missed?"

"Pretty much the same," I faked, "you know," and I waited for the response. Sue pulled my hair.

"Are you kidding? The only part that was the same was when Marybeth squirted on me."

"It wasn't on you, honey," I told the room, "It was in your mouth, and you swallowed it."

"Oh, so you BOTH swallow!" Mike laughed, and we did, too. I told the story of the kissing and undressing, trying to make the story as hot as it was to watch, and fell far short. The girls told him of the double headed dildo, and the fat dildo Marybeth used on Sue.

"And then he made her fist me!" Marybeth shouted, grabbing Mike's shoulder. "Fuck, honey, you should've seen it, her whole fucking hand in my pussy!" 

Mike's eyes were wide, and he stared at me, and lifted his glass. "You," he said solemnly, "Are MY idol." I toasted back, pleased with myself, and getting hard remembering Sue's wrist buried inside her friend's cunt. There was a lull in the conversation, and I got up to refill everyone's glass. Sue noticed my growing bulge, and grabbed at it. I emptied the pitcher, and asked if I should make another. Sue offered that it was noon already, and maybe we should switch to margaritas. Everyone agreed, and Marybeth got up to help me.

When we came back in, we poured drinks, and Sue stood to propose another toast. "To Marybeth," she said, and cast a crafty look at Mike, and I wondered what they had discussed while we were in the kitchen. "A great friend and wonderful wife, and a wild, adventurous sexy woman. Thanks, from all of us, for showing us the path to this wonderful week. Sure, you're a controlling bitch, and you made my husband suck cock, but we all love you." We cheered, and drank, but Sue didn't sit. She raised her glass again. "But to really show our appreciation, I feel, we feel, that we should give you something, and Mike and I talked, and we agreed." She looked at Mike and he grinned and nodded, then she turned to me, "and I'm sure Jason will agree, that we should give you something; something very special." Her eyes had that crafty, diabolical look. "Mike and I decided to give you something that you would never give yourself." I wondered where she was going with this, as she put her glass down, and walked to Marybeth, and sat on the arm of the loveseat. "We are going to give you," she said in a hoarse whisper, just loud enough for us all to hear, "a complete lack of control." She looked at Mike, and he leaned to his wife.

"Since it's shitty out anyway, and we'll be inside," he began, caressing her shoulder, "we are going to make you our slave for the rest of the day."

Well, this was a curious development, and while I mentally acknowledged Sue's prediction that I would agree and felt a stirring in my member, I stayed silent, wondering whose idea it was, and whether Marybeth would go along. She was laughing, and Mike and Sue were chuckling, too, and then Sue leaned down to Marybeth's ear and said something. Marybeth turned to her, still smiling, but she stopped laughing, and so did Mike. 

"Well, dear," Mike asked, still smiling, but now with that same look Sue had, the devilish imp smile, "what do you say? It's a wonderful gift, isn't it? And it's all for you, from all of us. Our way of thanking you. So?" He stroked her arm, then slid his hand to the front of her tee shirt, cupping her breast, caressing it. "Will you accept our gift?"

Sue leaned into Marybeth, brushed her hair back, and planted a kiss on her neck, below the ear. "Please say you will, sweetie," she cooed between kisses, and Marybeth writhed a little, her head angling to expose her neck to Sue. Her nipples hardened and swelled. "Because," Sue continued, "we're going to give it to you whether you accept it or not. It will be easier if you do as you're told, willingly." Then I watched as Sue's hand slipped from Marybeth's chin, down her chest, to her breast, and she took hold of the nipple, and began to squeeze, and pull. "But you'll do as you're told, one way or the other."

The stirring in my pants had gotten more obvious, and I stood and approached the three of them. Not being in on the plan, I looked to Mike and Sue for my lead. Mike nodded to me, and I got on my knees in front of Marybeth, and began stroking her thighs below her shorts. 

"I- I don't know," she squeaked. I'd never heard her so tentative. Sue was twisting the nipple between her thumb and forefinger, and Marybeth winced. She turned to Mike. "Please, honey, I don't think I can, I- I like- you know how I am."

"Sounds like she's going to be difficult, Sue," Mike said, grinning, "just like we hoped."

Sue stopped kissing Marybeth's neck and released her nipple, and reached for the bottom of her tee shirt, pulling it up and over her head in a flash, and had Marybeth's braless torso exposed to the room. Gasping at her sudden toplessness, she had no time to resist when Mike took hold of her wrists and held them above her head. Too late, she struggled; but Sue was at the waist of her shorts, opening them, pulling down the zipper. Marybeth cried out, "Please, no, don't," and her knees slammed together, but Mike stood and pulled her by the arms, off the loveseat, and she fell to her knees next to me. Sue was behind her in a flash, pulling her shorts and panties down off her hips, and her beautiful naked ass cheeks were suddenly right in front of me.

"Get her legs, Jason," Mike said, and I stood and grabbed her ankles, and I followed his direction as we carried her the few steps to the ottoman, placing her over it, face down. I knelt behind her, holding her ankles down, staring straight into her shaved pussy. Sue stepped to her side. 

"A good slave only says yes, and never says no," she advised. She stroked Marybeth's back lightly, raising goose bumps with her fingertips. "If you are going to be our slave, and make no mistake, you WILL be our slave today, sweetie, you will have to learn to say yes." She was stroking her ass now, and I watched her fingers slip down the crack to brush lightly at her pussy lips. "Mm-m," she said admiringly, and returned to stroking her fine ass cheeks. "We love you sweetie, and we want to give you this day, to show you how much we appreciate what you've done for us. Will you be our slave, and do what you're told?"

"Please, I don't,"

Sue brought her hand up and down so fast I almost didn't see it, and the loud smack resonated in the room, to be drowned out by Marybeth's cry. She followed with two more, swiftly, all on the same cheek. 

"Wrong answer!" she warned, and looked at us, grinning. "Will you be our slave today?"

"No, please,"

Three more, the other cheek, and I watched the flesh jiggle with the impact even as the other cheek turned pink. Marybeth cried out again, pleading with her to stop.

"No! I won't! Stop! Until! You! Say! Yes!" she rained down slaps on Marybeth's ass in time with her speech, and the poor girl screeched and shouted, repeating no, no, no, and Sue went at her relentlessly, switching from one cheek to the other, changing hands when she got tired, shouting, "Say it! Say yes! Say you submit! Say it!"
