 Once a week I find time to have a day to myself. With all the stress of work, and a hectic social life I find that it can be the day in the week that I really look forward to. My time, I call it. I have a lie in and wake whenever my body tells me to not when the alarm does! Then I get up, have a coffee and head down to the small and intimate five-star hotel just a few miles from my house. Every week I will have a swim followed by a Jacuzzi, sauna and steam. I love it, I relax completely and can just let my mind wander to whatever I fancy. More often than not it decides to wander off on a sexual journey. Sometimes I lay back and remember past sexual encounters and sometimes I fantasise about things I would love to do or have done to me. It's not intentional, but I am a highly sexually charged person!

This particular Thursday morning was no different. I awoke feeling horny, no change to the to usual and lay in bed for a while gently toying with my nipples making them jut from their slumber. Feeling the tingle spread down I let one hand drift down to stroke the smooth skin of my shaven pussy. My finger probing gently inside my lips I felt the wetness that was waiting for me inside. Bringing my finger up to my mouth I licked it clean tasting the sweet flavour of myself. It would have been divine to lie in bed and bring myself off but I declined myself that pleasure and thought I would wait till later. I love spending some days keeping myself aroused but never allowing myself to cum. It heightens the sensations and when you do release yourself and let the orgasm come it feels more incredible than you can imagine and you remember what an amazing gift is.

So I got out of bed and dressed quickly. I dare not take a shower, as I knew I wouldn't be able to keep my hands off myself. I would shower at the hotel before my swim; I would have to behave there! Jumping in my car and heading down the road I let the spring air fill my lungs as I inhaled deeply, the wind whipping my hair from my shoulders. Moving my position in my seat I could still feel the wetness between my legs slowly soaking the crotch of my panties.

I arrived at the hotel and undressed in the communal changing area. I was alone and bundled my clothes into a locker after pulling on a bikini. Then I took a shower lingering a little too long perhaps on my breasts. The place was particularly deserted and I enjoyed the prospect of having a quiet swim without being interrupted by old ladies in bathing caps decorated with rubber flowers, ladies with their kids, and old men leching over me as I swam. I glided up and down the pool and relished in the tranquillity and the feeling of the cool water on my skin. I had been so involved in my own world that I hadn't noticed a few other people join me in the room. When I stopped for a breather I realised there was a couple enjoying each other in the Jacuzzi adjacent to the pool. They were being sneaky but I could tell by the eye contact that the two were indulging each other under the bubbles. Immediately I felt that pulse begin in my pussy again that I had enjoyed earlier in bed.

Unable to keep up with the swimming I got out of the pool and dried myself off with a towel. I could feel the guy's eyes burning into my rear as I bent over and dried my legs. I knew he was staring at me whilst playing with his girlfriend in the hot bubbles and it was driving me crazy. I walked past the pair towards the sauna making the briefest eye contact with the guy and his woman. The small smile on my lips couldn't be contained and I am sure their look replicated mine as I turned back to them. 

I entered the sauna the heat engulfing my skin and sat on the lower bench. I let my towel drop to the floor as I laid myself out and stretched along the warm wood of the bench. Not a soul in there I was able to let my mind begin to wander again. I closed my eyes and thought about the couple in the Jacuzzi. What a hot situation in more ways than one. I wondered if he had cum in that water? The thought of someone getting that turned on in a public place was doing wonders for restoring the wetness in my bikini bottoms, and it wasn't wetness from the pool, but from deep within me. Being alone I wondered if I dare reach down and touch myself. I allowed myself to let my fingers trace down my stomach and creep into the tops of my bikini bottoms. If someone came in I could stop and pretend I was adjusting my suit. A low moan escaped my lips as I grazed my thumb over my swollen clit, the moisture in my pussy aiding its journey south. I let my fingers bury themselves in my tight wet hole seeking out new depths. 

"Mmmm!" I omitted another strained groan as the feeling intensified in my groin. 

Suddenly I heard a noise, and opened my eyes to see the woman from the Jacuzzi in the doorway of the sauna. 

"Oh fuck!" I stammered, "I was just.."

"It's ok, I can see what you were doing." She replied with a soft tone. "I'm Kate. Can I join you?"

"Cara. Sure." I said, not sure what she was referring to "Grab a seat, I'm really sorry."

"Don't apologise. I liked what I saw! This will sound odd but can I please just touch you?"

"Erm, ok." I was shaking as I said it, but she was amazing. Her long brunette hair was the mirror opposite to my pale blonde locks. Her large breasts standing proud from a tight bikini and a beautiful curvaceous figure to die for. Her scent and mine in the sauna combining in the heat was intoxicating. She slid her hand up my thigh, the sweat from the heat acting as a lubricant. 

"My husband and I saw you out there. Were you looking at him? We had a little bet that you were thinking about what it'd be like to fuck him and now I see what you were doing in here, I see that I win!" She mocked me a little with her tone as her hands continued to massage my inner thighs.

"Uh huh! I couldn't help it, you just looked like you were having such a lovely time!" I said a little embarrassed.

"I was slowly wanking him under the bubbles and he had his long fingers deep in my cunt. That's what you want to isn't it?" she said as her hands began to rise up my things and feel the heat from between my legs. "You want some fingers in you don't you honey?"

"Mmm yeah." Was all I could manage. The sweat now pouring from my thighs and running down in droplets towards the already soaking meeting place between my thighs. Kate's fingers reached under the material of my suit and found themselves drenched with the juices and sweat now all mingling in my cunt. 

"Fuck, you're so wet." Kate said softly, and I closed my eyes again as she began to gently rub her two fingers over my clit. She leaned over my and offered a breast to my mouth. Seeing her large soft pink nipple so close to my lips I opened my mouth and hungrily sucked it in. I could feel the small bumps on her nipple get harder and harder as I sucked and licked at her. Her skilled fingers moving in small circles around my clit. 

Suddenly I heard a noise and opened my eyes again. There stood Kate's husband with a dry smile on his face.

"Well, well, what's going on in here then? I was beginning to wonder what had happened out to you Kate." He smirked. I could tell that he was teasing me and the situation he had walked in on. The bulge in his shorts confirmed my suspicions that he was pleased with what he had seen. "Any room for another ladies?" he asked.

Kate sat astride me with both her breasts now hanging in my face and I greedily grabbed both of them squeezing them together and enjoying the sensation of her hot sweaty smooth skin in my hands and grazing her nipples with my lips. I needed more and pulled her ass further up my body. The sweat and juices from her wet pussy making her glide over my wet torso and breasts. As I pulled her juicy pussy up towards my face her husband knelt between my legs and continued where his wife had left off. I let my tongue dart out to her wetness tasting her on my tongue. She had a different taste to me and it was delicious. Slightly salty and so hot and wet. I got to work running my tongue over her clit while she began to wriggle and moan on top of me. 

Her husband let out a moan as he leaned down and began to lick at my dripping wet cunt. This would not take long! The situation, combined with the situation and a gorgeous woman sting astride me while I licked her pussy was all too much. Already I could feel the orgasm building up in me, my stomach muscles clenching and my pussy gripping his fingers while he finger fucked me. I thanked God that I hadn't allowed myself to cum that morning and had held on. This felt so fabulous.

Kate beginning to buck on my face let out a deep groan

"Ohhhhhhh! Oh fuck, fuck, fuck!" She cried

"Yeah, you cum baby, you cum on her face!" the husband took time off from licking to murmur. 

"Oh Christ!" I muttered as my own orgasm burst from within me. Feeling his fingers rubbing my g-spot and feeling her juices flooding out and over my chin and cheeks. "That was incredible." I was feeling the need to get out of the sauna as the heat and the heady scent of sex was making me light headed and dizzy.

We moved out of the sauna and splashed down in the empty pool. Still there was nobody around.

"It's so quiet today." I said, enjoying the sensation of the cool in stark contrast to the intense heat of the sauna.

"The hotel is closed to the public." Kate said. "It's our company work do this weekend and the place is all ours till the others arrive tomorrow. I don't even know how you got in." She smiled as she let me in on the secret that she and her husband already know about.

"Who was gonna turn her away?" Said her husband. "I got hard just watching her swim and you can see what she did to you Kate."

"Ohhh yeah." Kate replied "So you think we should sort out this problem?" she said placing my hand on his still rock hard cock.

"Mmm! I think he deserves it!" I replied as we pulled him out of the pool and headed back to the Jacuzzi. 

Damn this hotel really is 5 star I thought with a smile as I wondered what joys the afternoon would bring.