 It was a cold winter day when Nikki and I finally found ourselves standing in front of the swinger's club. It had taken some time for Nikki to get us an invitation through her friend Claire, and even longer to find a time that would work for all of our schedules. The hardest part was finding a Saturday night when Tom wouldn't notice Nikki's absence, which finally happened when he left town for a wrestling tournament. And so Nikki and I found ourselves bundled into heavy winter coats and scarves, nervous about walking through the black door in front of us but too cold to linger outside.

I had been surprised that the address led us to the second floor of a nondescript, low rise building in a small suburban strip mall. The sign on the door said, "Appointments Only," but the door was unlocked. Once inside, we were met by a huge bouncer, a muscular black man with long, thick dreadlocks, standing in a short, inner hallway. He asked, almost in a bored fashion, for our invitation. Nikki nervously handed him the copy of the e-mail we had printed. The bouncer asked us to a wait a minute and then slipped inside the inner doorway. Bright, multi-colored lights and loud music poured through the crack in the door as he entered. Less than a minute later, the door opened and the bouncer had returned with Claire.

Claire bounded into Nikki's arms, screaming, "You finally made it!" The two women embraced and giggled loudly.

Although I had spoken to her over the phone and e-mail, this was the first time I had met Claire. Watching her exchange quick greeting with Nikki, there was something I couldn't quite name that made me really like Claire. She was not much taller than Nikki, about 5'5" tall. She wasn't as skinny as Nikki, but the slight extra weight on her frame seemed to give her a more womanly figure. In the hallway, she was wearing a tight, black dress made of smooth, sheer fabric. She had a round, open face with big, brown doe eyes. When she smiled, her white teeth lit up her whole face and made me want to smile with her. Her dark, chestnut brown hair was tied back in a single braid that fell to a couple inches below her shoulder blades. The tight dress, which stopped above her knees, showed off the curves of her hips and a full pair of firm, C cup breasts. Claire also had an easy, unassuming way about her. Watching her chat with Nikki, playfully slapping Nikki on the shoulder, she looked like a young, happy soul.

Claire pulled us together to address us both. "Now don't forget the rules," she said. There were many complex rules and regulations that governed this swinger's club. Claire had e-mailed them all to us weeks ago. Unless you knew someone already, you had to ask both the person and their partner if it was okay to fool around with or even flirt with them. Unless you had already both agreed to go unprotected before sex was initiated, condoms were required. There were myriad other minor rules, but the main guideline for us on that first night was to remember that it was our audition. Nikki and I were required to have sex in an open area, so that the club members could watch us. It was also encouraged to engage in a sexual activity with one of the other club members. If the members liked what they saw, we would be invited to join, which required a nominal monthly membership fee. Like any other club, the swingers club made most of its money from serving food and drinks.

Nikki handed Claire the final piece of paperwork, a recent STD test that showed Nikki and I were both clean. With the test papers in hand, Claire led us past the bouncer and through the doors of the club. The interior was not quite the 70's image of shag upholstery and bad track lighting I had imagined when first trying to picture a swinger's club, but I could also instantly tell there was a strange feel to the place. The flooring was all black rubber tiles, soft like a wrestling mat or a dance club floor. It was very dark, with flashing dance club lighting, and large, faux-leather furnishings were sprinkled throughout the place. A long bar manned by a couple of bored looking female bartenders took up one wall, and a small raised stage sat in one corner. 

There were other clear signs that this was not like any other club. One couple was making out in a pair of chairs, the woman sitting in the man's lap. Another couple was quietly chatting and occasionally kissing in a corner, with the man's hand clearly fondling the woman's breast under her shirt. 

Claire led us over to a pair of over stuffed chairs in a corner, with a small end table sitting in front of them. Her boyfriend of three years, Andre, stood to greet us. Nikki had met him many times before, she told me he was half Irish half Mexican. He wore a tight fitting, long sleeve shirt that clung to his thin, wiry frame. Nikki and I shed our warm outer wear, and Claire and Nikki went off to get drinks from the bar, leaving me with Andre. He was polite, but not very talkative. I sat in one chair, he sat in the other, the two of us observing the dozen or so other people in the club.

When the ladies came back, Claire caught me off guard by sitting down in my lap. I looked over and saw Nikki sit in Andre's lap, and watched a broad smile spread across his face in response. Claire handed me a drink and then wrapped her arm around my neck. She leaned against me, her full, firm breasts pressing against my chest through our clothing. With her head bare inches from mine, she smiled, flashing me her white teeth in the darkness.

"Nikki said you like whiskey and Coke," she said casually.

"I do, thanks," I replied, taking a sip from my drink.

"Nikki also says you're a hell of a lay," she purred, her mischievous brown eyes searching mine in the dim light. "I do like a man who does what it takes to make his partner happy."

I laughed loudly and wrapped my free arm around her. "Then I think we'll get along fine."

"You like my friend Nikki?" Claire asked.

"I do," I replied, "She's great."

"You love her?"

I was confused by the question and the sudden interrogation. "No," I replied honestly. "Do you love Andre?"

Claire smiled in response and pressed her full lips softly against mine. She pulled back after the quick kiss, and looked into my eyes. I'm still not sure what she was searching for.

There was a soft moan from the chair next to us. Nikki and Andre had put their drinks on the table, and it looked like Andre had pulled the sleeve down Nikki's top. One of her large, full breasts had been pulled free, the pale skin of her tit clear even in the dim lighting. Andre's large brown hand was wrapped around it. The tan color of his skin made a nice contrast to the creamy pale color of her flesh. Andre began slipping her pink nipple in and out of his mouth, his tongue licking wetly over her tit flesh. I smiled, remembering how much fun I had the first time I got to play with those beautiful breasts. Nikki's eyes were closed, and she moaned while running her fingers through Andre's short hair. 

"I guess Nikki isn't wasting any time," I joked.

"We figured you two could cross off both the initial requirements at once," Claire explained while tracing her fingers over my ear and running her hand through my short hair, "sexual activity in an open area AND with other club members. You don't mind if we don't use condoms with each other, right?"

I smiled broadly at the forwardness of the question. "Of course not," I replied.

I looked back over at Nikki, and Andre already had her top completely off. Andre had switched from one large, creamy breast to the other. While his mouth suckled greedily on one of Nikki's perfect pink nipples, his thumb and forefinger teased her other nipple, still slick with his saliva. Nikki moaned a high, breathy moan and looked over to me with an absent smile. Her dark green eyes twinkled with lust as we glanced at each other. 

Claire was nibbling on my ear and kissing my neck while I looked over at Nikki. I wasn't sure what to do, especially considering we were sitting in a club and other people were watching us. Claire seemed to understand my indecision. 

"Go ahead, baby, enjoy the show," she purred in my ear. "I'll help you enjoy it and you can help me out later."

I looked down at Claire and she flashed her sweet smile to show that she meant what she said. She looked beautiful in the dim lights, her full breasts dangling between us with her top barely covering the tips of her smooth globes. Her fingers deftly moved down to the zipper on my pants. As Claire fished through the opening for my throbbing erection, I allowed my mind to relax. I knew this swinger's club was going to be a different experience, but I hadn't expected it to be so wantonly sexual. All my attention focused on my cock when I felt Claire's cool, thin fingers close around my thick shaft and pull it free of my pants. When my thick cock sprung into the open air, Claire purred. Her delicate fingers traced the length of the ridge under my shaft and then her thumb gingerly circled the engorged crown at its tip. I thought about asking Claire if she wanted to make out with me a little more so I could fondle her while she stroked me with her hand. Before the question could even fully form in my mind, Claire puckered her soft lips and brushed them against the head of my cock with a kiss. Claire immediately swallowed my shaft, sliding it almost effortlessly through her sucking mouth until I felt the cock head pop through the back of her throat. I felt my tip slide into Claire's throat, watched her bury her nose in my crotch, and gasped. 

Claire slid her sucking mouth back up my member, pausing briefly to swirl her tongue around my cock head before releasing my dick with a pop. She flashed me another bright smile as she looked up at me. Claire tightened her grip as her fingers pumped slowly up and down my member, now slick with her saliva.

"You're not supposed to be looking at me, silly," she teased in an almost girlish voice. "You can watch me blow you anytime. You're supposed to be enjoying the show. Watch Nikki perform for you."

When my dick had entered Claire's throat, I almost completely forgot about Nikki. I looked back over at her chair and found her sitting in the chair with her arms resting on the arms of the chair. She was already bare above the waist, her nipples glistening with saliva, and her skirt hiked up to her mid section. Her position exposed the fact that she was no longer wearing underwear. I could see her pink pussy lips with her legs lazily spread apart. Andre was still fully clothed, although his cock was out. He had his hands on her shoulders, on either side of Nikki's head. He was slowly bucking his hips back and forth, working the tip of his cock in and out of Nikki's mouth. I say just the tip because it was a hell of a cock. He was probably pushing two inches in and out from between her pink lips, but his cock had to be at least eight inches long. It was thinner than my dick, but I had never seen one so long. It looked like a thin tree branch, and was so long it appeared to bend slightly to the right at one point before bending slightly back to the left and straightening out. I could tell from Nikki's sucking cheeks that she was doing her best to suckle that long head of his. Her eyes were a little wide as if she was a little overwhelmed by the sight before her. But she dutifully kept sucking Andre's cock head, her soft lips wrapped tightly around his shaft, as he happily fucked her face. 

Claire again swallowed my seven inches, popping my cock head into her throat, lifting her mouth slightly to pop my cock head back out, and then driving down to pop it back in again. The soft, wet skin of Claire's cheeks flowed back and forth against the sides of my sensitive shaft. This time, despite the incredible sensation of my wet cock head slipping in and out of Claire's throat, I kept my eyes on Nikki. Andre already had Nikki sitting on the top of the back of the chair, her legs spread wide so his fingers could explore the wet folds of her pussy. I could tell the moment his thumb found her clit, rubbing a slow, gentle circle around her sensitive bud. She sucked in air when he found her bud, and her body tensed. She moaned her deep, throaty moan, and her green eyes looked over and met mine. Claire's head continued to slip up and down the full length of my cock, her talented tongue slithering against the underside of my shaft and swirling around my fat cock head. Nikki smiled at me and I smiled back.

Andre took Nikki by the hand, encouraged her to stand, and turned her around. She dutifully bent over and placed her hands on the arms of the chair, presenting her cute, smooth, apple bottom ass to Andre. Andre took his long cock in his hand, positioned it at the entrance to Nikki's tight pussy, and rubbed his cock head teasingly over the moist opening of her slit. As Claire's mouth sucked hungrily up and down my pole, I watched Andre slip his member into Nikki's pussy. Andre slid a good four or five inches into her, Nikki's mouth forming an O as he stretched her open, and then he withdrew. With just his cock head left inside of her, Andre grasped Nikki's thin hips with his large hands and pulled back on her as he carefully thrust his full eight inches into her. As he bottomed out, Nikki gasped and gritted her teeth. Claire's hand joined her mouth, pumping up and down my slippery dick, as Andre pumped his long cock in and out of Nikki's tight pussy. 

Claire was milking me with her mouth, her hand squeezing and turning as it slipped up and over my cock head. Her hot, wet mouth plunged back down my pole, tickling my shaft with her tongue until I felt the end of my knob slip past the opening of her throat. Claire's soft lips bottomed out on the base of my shaft. Sometimes I looked down at her pretty face. Her soft, brown eyes smiled up at me as her lips slid up and down my member. Sometimes I glanced around the club. It felt strange and exciting to be sitting in this semi-private place while a pretty brunette blew me, especially with some of the other club members openly watching us. A blond woman was riding a blond man on the stage, but I wasn't interested in their show. Mostly I watched Nikki. She began to grunt and whimper, sweat beading on her back as Andre plowed his cock in and out of her. His hands gripped her hips tightly as he simultaneously thrust his hips forwards and pulled her back onto his pole. Andre pumped five or six full inches in and out of her pussy with every thrust. I was mesmerized by her full, round breasts swinging freely beneath her little body, her pink nipples flying back and forth as he fucked her.

Claire's tongue tickled back and forth across the sensitive spot just under the head of my dick while her closed fist pumped up and down the base of my shaft. Claire's sweet mouth and the sight of Nikki getting railed from behind had built the fire inside my loins much faster than I was used to. I could feel my toes starting to tingle and knew I had already passed the point of no return.

"Claire, I'm going to cum," was all the warning I managed as her tongue swirled my throbbing knob.

She released my cock with a loud pop. "Do it, stud, give me that cum," she encouraged, before slipped her lips over my meat and bobbing her head up and down my member. I glimpsed her soft lips sliding up and down my pole and then my eyes squeeze shut involuntarily. I was floored by a huge orgasm, boiling up from my balls, setting my thighs on fire, and erupting in a stream of pure ecstasy through my pulsing cock head. I shot a stream of thick cum into Claire's mouth before she popped my cock head past the back of her throat. Spurt after spurt of my jizz flowed up through my shaft and straight down Claire's throat. I think I might have cried out, because people around the club were looking at me and clapping when I opened my eyes. Claire also had a huge smile as she swallowed the last of my cum. 

"I see you enjoyed that," she teased.

There was some commotion next to us, and I looked over just in time to see Andre pumping out his own load onto Nikki's sweaty back. Nikki glanced back over her shoulder, looked Andre in the eyes, and smiled as he squirted his seed onto her firm backside. Nikki hadn't screamed as she normally did, and I could tell there was a slight disappointment to her smile. She hadn't cum yet herself. 

Claire must have realized it too because she chuckled and said, "Figures. Only the boys get to have their fun."

As she wiped around her lips and straightened out her clothing, I helped her off her knees and she ended up sitting in my lap again. "I'm sorry you didn't get to have fun," I said, "I'd be happy to help you out. What do you want to do?"

"Oh you sweet thing," she laughed, flashing me a big smile. "I was only teasing. I'm sure I'm going to have loads of fun with you tonight."

Our brief conversation was interrupted when a completely naked couple walked up to us holding hands. The man must have been in his late forties, maybe 5'10" tall. He was balding with short brown hair and a slight gut bulging out of his front. The woman's face was pretty, dark blue eyes and a cute button nose. Her face make her look like she was in her late 20's, even though her shoulder length dirty blond hair was tied back in pigtails. Her body looked like it belonged to a teenager. She was very thin and toned, I could see some of her ribs and she had a tiny, firm ass. Her breasts were smallish A cups, pointed cones topped with pink nipples.

"Kevin, this is Steve and Cassie," Claire said by way of introduction. The couple smiled and nodded.

"My husband would like to know if you would mind if he asked your partner to play," Cassie stated with a smile, 

Steve did not at all strike me as the type of guy Nikki would even look at on the street. But we were auditioning for entry into this club, and there was no harm in letting him ask Nikki. "I don't mind at all," I replied. 

The couple smiled again, Steve gave Cassie a quick peck on the cheek, and then Steve walked off towards Nikki. I watched him curiously. Andre had gone off somewhere and Nikki was naked and alone over on her chair. She was trying to use a towel to wipe the cum off her back. Steve introduced himself and Nikki smiled. He said something and Nikki laughed. Whatever he had said, Nikki handed over the towel and Steve began to carefully clean Nikki's backside. Steve said something to Nikki again and she laughed. I was impressed, whatever he was doing seemed to be charming her. With the towel cast aside, Steve whispered something into Nikki's ear. Nikki looked over at me with a smile, looked back at Steve and I could read her lips as she said, "Sure."

Nikki sat back in her chair, spreading her legs wide over the arms of the seat, and Steve knelt right between her legs. Nikki looked over at me again and giggled as Steve knelt in front of her. Her expression quickly changed as Steve's mouth closed over her pussy lips. The lust returned to her eyes and she moaned as Steve's tongue traced the outer folds of her pink pussy lips. 

I had been so focused on Nikki and Steve that I had missed Claire and Cassie chatting. Claire ran her fingers through my hair to get my attention again. "Let's not be rude to Cassie and make her feel uncomfortable," Claire said once she had gotten my attention. "It's time to get naked."

I rose and began stripping off my clothes, but I was fixated on Claire as she undressed. When she pulled her top over her head, her bra went with it and her large breasts plopped free. They were smooth and round with just a tiny hint of sag. Her hips were full and round, and her ass was smooth and firm. I briefly glanced back at Nikki as I heard her moaning, "Oh yes." Her hands were on the back of Steve's head, pulling his face into her dripping pussy.
