 It was my 21st birthday and I was on my way to my fiancée's flat in London, where she went to university. She shared it with two of her friends, Diane and Rachel, Diane was short, attractive and slim with olive skin, Rachel however was tall and skinny, but still reasonably attractive. My fiancée's best friend however was Suzie, who was on the same course as her and whose best feature (in my humble opinion) was her big breasts. Apparently the four of them were taking me out for a meal and drinks tonight.

I arrived at their house and rang the doorbell, Diane answered it, wearing a dressing-gown, obviously still in the process of getting ready to go out, she gave me a kiss on the cheek and wished me happy birthday and ushered me into the house. I asked where my fiancée was and Diane replied that she was in her bedroom, but didn't want me to come in just yet, as she had a surprise for me. I went to sit down on the couch, but Diane quickly stopped me, and pointed me towards a wooden chair placed in the middle of the room, as apparently I had to be centre of attention in the middle of the room. I didn't see the point in arguing and sat down. But no sooner had I sat down then I felt my arms pulled back behind the chair and heard a click and I could feel my hands were restrained. I looked behind me and saw that my hands had been handcuffed behind the chair. I turned my head back around to protest and saw Rachel and Suzie were now stood next to Diane, both also wearing dressing-gowns.

"What do you think you're playing at?" I said.

"There's been a slight change in plan" Diane informed me, "We've decided not to take you out after all, as none of us could afford it. Instead we're all going to have a cosy night in."

"Why the handcuffs? And where's my fiancée?" I demanded.

"Well, as we're not going out we had to think of a way to treat you, as it's still your birthday after all, and your fiancée kindly agreed to let us have some fun with you, but we didn't want you running away, getting impatient or generally doing anything we don't want you to, so we've had to handcuff you to the chair." Rachel enlightened me.

"And to stop your fiancée from interfering, unfortunately we've had to handcuff her to her bed, but don't worry, she's fine, and you'll get to see her later. But for now, sit back, do as your told and most importantly enjoy yourself!" Suzie told me.

With that the three girls undid the ties at the front of their dressing-gowns and to my amazement, one at a time, took them off. Rachel was the first to slip out of hers, revealing herself to be wearing just a pink lacy bra and matching thong and then doing a little twirl to make sure I'd got a good view. Diane took hers off next, to reveal a black push-up bra that gave her a nice cleavage and matching tie-side briefs, she also gave a little twirl to give me a good view. Finally Suzie took her dressing-gown off, revealing a white bra that was struggling to contain her big breasts and matching underwear that was revealed to be a G-string upon her completing a twirl.

I couldn't believe what was happening, my fiancée's hot friends were stood in just there underwear infront of me, apparently ready to give me a good night, something I was more than willing to accept, even if it wasn't being forced upon me via handcuffs, after all this was already turning out better than my wildest dreams!

"Now, if you've finished gawping, I'll explain what's going to happen" Diane told me, "We're going to be asking you a number of questions, what happens obviously depends on how you answer them, and at the end, the number of them you got right will determine what happens next. That's all we're going to tell you, the rest you'll find out as we go along!"

Diane asked me the first question, it was about Ancient History, something I had absolutely no clue about, and duly got the answer wrong, the consequences of which being my shoes were removed. The next two questions were just as hard, leading to my socks and trousers being removed, leaving me in just my shirt and boxers. I thought I saw where they were going with this, until the fourth question was asked, which was amazingly easy. I managed to get it right, which wasn't a big feat, but I nonetheless felt proud of myself for doing so. I soon felt even better as I saw Rachel reach behind her, unhook her lacy pink bra and slowly remove it! Her bra wasn't lying, she did have quite small breasts, maybe at most a small B cup, but they were very pert. I was definitely starting to feel happier about this whole thing now!

I also got the next question right, and this time it was Diane's turn to reach behind her, unhook her black bra and with a smile reveal her breasts to me. They were bigger than Rachel's and probably about the same size as my fiancée's at a C cup, they sagged ever so slightly, possibly due to weight loss but the thing that stood out most was the size of her big chocolate coloured aureole's, they seemed to be about the same size as the bottom of a drinks can!

I wasn't given long before Diane fired the next question at me, it was another easy one, I couldn't believe that these girls actually wanted to strip for me! I quickly got it right and turned my gaze to Suzie, as soon as she heard Diane say 'Correct' her hands had gone straight behind her back, she seemed desperate to strip, and even if I'd been in a position to, there was no way I was going to stop her. She unhooked her bra and slowly pulled it away from her chest, showing off a pair of huge milky-white breasts, they must have been at least a D cup, if not a DD, unlike Diane Suzie had very small aureole's, but most surprisingly, considering their size, her breasts seemed not to sag at all, for a second I debated if they were fake, but decided that they looked too good to be and she was only 20 after all.

I now had three topless, hot girls standing infront of me, this was fast turning into the best birthday I would probably ever have! Diane (who by now I had worked out was obviously the ring-leader of this) soon interrupted my thoughts to inform me:

"The next question will be slightly different in that it's more of a choice for you than a question and you can choose whichever option you want." She told me.

"Now the question is..." Diane started.

"Would you like to carry one with the previous format, OR, just for this turn would you like to make a trade?" Suzie continued.

"In return for us removing your shirt, we'll take it in turns to let you suck on our nipples." Rachel finished.

I weighed up the two options and quickly came to the decision that I was going to end up with my shirt removed one way or another, so I may as well get something out of it!

"I'm going to let you remove my shirt." I told them.

"I thought you would." Diane informed me with a knowing smile.

Diane then walked over to me, flanked by Suzie and Rachel and started to unbutton my shirt, before pulling it off my body as best she could considering I was still handcuffed to the chair. Then she ran her fingers down my chest, saying:

"Mmmmmm, you do have a nice chest don't you."

Finally she thrust her chest into my face, and I eagerly took each of her nipples in my mouth licking and sucking on them until they became hard. Diane then moved back to allow Rachel to get her nipples sucked, who in turn moved aside to allow Suzie access to me, as I took each of her nipples in my mouth I heard her let out a barely audible moan of pleasure, she was obviously enjoying this a lot and seemed disappointed when Diane said we'd now continue as before.

I assumed the next question would be much harder than the previous three and thus result in me losing my boxers and being completely naked. So I was really shocked when Diane asked yet another easy question. Once again I answered right and was rewarded with Rachel slipping her fingers under the waistband of her thong and pulling it down, so that she was now completely naked, she had a landing strip of dark hair which led down to some quite prominent pussy lips, she had a good body, but it wasn't anything special.

Diane continued with the next question, which I again got right and this time it was her turn. She slowly undid the ties at both sides of her briefs before letting them fall to the ground; her pussy was neatly trimmed with slightly protruding pussy lips. 

I also answered the next question correctly, and once again Suzie couldn't wait to strip, quickly pulling her g-string off almost before Diane had even said I'd got the question right. Suzie's pussy was shaved completely bald and seemed to be amazingly smooth, with nothing whatsoever protruding.

I had just about managed to keep my cock under control for all of this, but if was getting really hard (if you'll pardon the pun) to keep it that way with three hot, naked women standing infront of me. I had absolutely no idea how I was doing it, I never usually had this much self control. I was quickly snapped out of my musings by Diane announcing what happens next though.

"We have one more question to ask you I'm afraid, and this one has the biggest consequences of them all." She started.

"If you answer correctly, then we'll undo your handcuffs and let you do whatever you wish." Rachel continued.

"However, if you answer incorrectly, you will stay cuffed to the chair, and we will do with you as we wish!" Suzie told me with a wicked smile.

"Are you ready?" Diane asked.

I nodded my head.

"Good, your question is as follows: Who is the captain of the England football team?"

Obviously they weren't about to proceed and do anything involving mutual nakedness unless I wanted to. But damn did I want to!

"John Terry" I answered.

"Wrong" Diane said with a smile, "The answer is in fact David Beckham. Now you're ours to do with as we wish!"

With that the three girls walked over to me, and each put a finger under the waistband of my boxers and started to pull them off, I helpfully lifted myself off the chair a bit for them and my boxers were soon on the floor, leaving me completely naked handcuffed to the chair, somehow though, I still (just about) had control of my dick, but I assumed that was going to change quickly.

Seeing my still limp dick Diane exclaimed:

"It seems he's not turned on by the three hot, naked women standing infront of him, maybe we should just put our clothes back on and go?"

"I think we should give him one more chance" Rachel said.

The three girls knelt down, so there faces were more or less level with my crotch.

"But how are we going to test him, to see if we do turn him on?" Suzie asked, innocently with a wicked smile on her face.

"Any ideas how to test you?" Diane asked me, grinning.

Without waiting for a response she put her hand under my cock and took the weight of it in her hand.

"He has a very heavy cock, but how on Earth can we make it hard?" She asked.

Rachel whispered something into Diane's ear, to which she replied:

"We couldn't possibly do that, that's very naughty!"

Then with a wide grin on her face she looked up at me and said:

"Well, I guess I could"

Diane then immediately brought her face down to my crotch area and gently placed my cock in her mouth and started running her tongue around it and sucking on it. Up until that moment I had just about managed to keep control, but the feeling of Diane's moist mouth around my cock and her tongue investigating every inch was just too pleasurable and my cock did the inevitable - it sprang to life inside Diane's mouth. She gave it a few extra licks for good measure and then let it fall out of her mouth. She looked up at me with a look on her face like the cat that got the cream and said:

"Now, that's much better isn't it!"

"Shit, that thing's fucking huge!" Suzie exclaimed.

"It must be at least nine inches!" Rachel added.

The three girls were now just staring at my nine inch cock, which was standing to attention just inches from their faces.

"What does it taste like?" Rachel asked Diane.

"Why don't you see for yourself!" Diane told her.

With that Rachel lent over and took my cock in her mouth, sucking it up and down and licking around the shaft.

"Mmmmm, it tastes good!" She said, coming up for air.

"Let me try" Suzie demanded.

She then took the head of my cock in her mouth, licking around the base of the head before taking the whole thing in her mouth and sucking up and down a couple of times.

"Certainly the best cock I've ever tasted!" She said, after coming up for air.

It was now Diane's turn again and she wasted no time in plunging her mouth down over my cock, after a couple of sucks up and down the shaft she started to deepthroat me. It was the first time I'd ever been deepthroated, as my fiancée was too scared to do it incase she choked on it, but Diane had obviously had a lot of practice at sucking cock and damn was she good at it. Then, to my dismay she stopped, she looked up at my face and saw the look of huge disappointment on my face and a huge smile spread across hers, obviously proud that I enjoyed her brief blowjob.

The three girls took it in turns to lick and suck on my cock for a while, Diane was easily the most experienced and best followed by Suzie and then Rachel. Eventually just as I was sure I was going to cum in one of their mouths if it went on for any longer, they stopped and stood up and to my utter dismay walked away! Thankfully they quickly came back with chairs like mine, and arranged them so they were all facing me.

"I hope you enjoyed our little sucking session?" Diane asked me.

I just nodded my head, words to describe what was going on still failing me.

"Good, now I'm afraid we're going to have tease you some more, but this time, we won't be using our mouths!" She told me.

Rachel then got up from her chair, walked over to my chair and straddled me! She started running her fingers up and down my chest and then to my immense surprise shifted herself forward so that her pussy was against the shaft of my cock and started rubbing herself on me. I couldn't believe what was happening, I had three naked women in the room with me, I had sucked their nipples, then they took it in turns to suck my cock and now, here was Rachel rubbing her pussy up against the shaft of my cock. Surely the only thing left after this was sex, but I couldn't believe for a moment that my fiancée would agree to that.

After a while Rachel got off me, but Diane was quickly there to take her place, she instantly had her pussy pressed against my cock shaft and started gyrating. She was wearing a broad smile, and it was obvious she was enjoying it as her nipples had hardened considerably and she was now playing with her tits whilst rubbing her crotch against my cock. She stopped abruptly though, obviously catching herself and making herself got off before she went too far.

Suzie immediately straddled me and started to rub her pussy against my cock, it wasn't long before I felt wetness starting to ooze from her slit onto my cock, I took my eyes off her pussy and tits and looked at her face, she just smiled back at me. Soon my cock was covered in her cunt juice and she was playing with her big tits as she rubbed herself on me, she looked down and saw a bead of precum forming on the tip of my cock and wiped it onto her finger and then hungrily put her finger in her mouth and sucked it off. Suzie then shifted backwards a bit so she was sitting close to my knees and taking my cock in her right hand, she then guided the tip of it to her clit and started rubbing her clit with the head of my cock, she was now moaning in pleasure, too quietly for the other two girls to hear, but more than loud enough for me to hear. I once again took my eyes off what she was doing with my cock to her clit to look at her face, but there was no smile this time, she was horny and all she was bothered with was getting herself off; I could see where this was going but I had no way of stopping it.

I had only ever slept with one person in my life, my fiancée, and although I always quite fancied the idea of having sex with someone else, just to see what it was like, I never planned on actually doing it, as I knew exactly how much it would hurt her if I did.

I looked over to where Diane was sat and saw her still playing with her breasts, I glanced down to her pussy and saw her slightly protruding lips glistening with her pussy juice. I moved my gaze to Rachel who was sat, legs spread wide, sawing her fingers in and out of her obviously sopping pussy. I couldn't believe they were both getting off on the site of Suzie getting off on me.

I turned my attention back to Suzie just in time to see her stop rubbing her clit with my cock. She then proceeded to hold it upright as she lifted herself slightly off the chair, moved slightly closer to me and then positioned the tip of my cock at the entrance to her pussy, there was no way I could stop her now, even if I wanted to her stop her; I was about to cheat on my fiancée with her best friend, but all I could think about was what Suzie's pussy felt like. She seemed to hover just above it for ages, and then she sat down and my cock speared easily into her sopping wet pussy, I caught the look on her face as I penetrated her, she looked like she was in heaven! She started slowly rocking herself back and forth on my cock, grinding it deep inside her. I couldn't believe how good she felt, she felt silky smooth and after what must have been hours of teasing her cunt was doing an excellent job of cooling down my red hot cock. She then started easing herself up and down the length of my shaft, moaning every time she got to the bottom, I just couldn't believe how good her pussy felt, she was now fucking me quite fast and my cock was easily slipping in and out of her, her moaning was getting louder and Diane had just noticed. I saw her stop playing with her tits, look up and then a look of horror spread over her face as she realised what was happening.

"Shit Suzie, what the fuck do you think you're doing?" She shouted, trying her best not to make it audible to my fiancée who was still handcuffed in her bedroom.

"You knew we weren't allowed to have sex with him, just tease him, that's all she said we could do. Get off him now!"

"Oh but, mmmmmmmmm, he feels so good." Suzie protested, not stopping sliding herself up and down on my cock.

"Get off him!" Rachel shouted, having heard Diane shout and seeing what was going on.

Suzie reluctantly unmounted me, her pussy juices glistening on my cock as it stayed standing to attention.

"What the fuck where you thinking?" Diane asked.

"I dunno, I was just so horny, and he was so big, I just had to have it inside me and then it felt so good I couldn't stop." Suzie stammered, "I'm sorry, but you won't understand until you've had it inside you."

"But I couldn't do that to her" Diane said, referring to my fiancée.

"Come on, what difference will it make, I've already had him after all, besides, she'll never know." Suzie tried to persuade her.

I could tell Diane wanted it in her, I could tell by the way she looked at it. Besides if she had stayed on me any longer she would've ended up doing the exact same thing as Suzie did.

"OK, I suppose, but only to see what it feels like." Diane said, giving in easily.

Diane positioned herself on my lap, lined the head of my cock up with her glistening slit and then slowly, impaled herself on it.

"Holy shit, he's big" Diane shouted in glee.

Despite the abundance of Diane's pussy juice my cock was having a difficult time penetrating her fully, I was stretching her pussy to double its normal size.

"Jesus Christ you're tight!" I told her.

Finally the last inch of my cock disappeared inside her pussy as Diane moaned in pleasure, I must have easily been filling her completely.
