 "Morning honey, how you feeling this morning?" Suzie asked a groggy Diane as she woke up next to her, both girls still naked from their fun the previous night.

"Oooohhh, my arse is still a bit sore to be honest - Mike's cock is a bit bigger than my usual dildo!" Diane replied, her hand reaching back to stroke her tender behind.

"Mmmmmm, I know - I love the feel of his cock inside me!"

"Me too hun, but I feel a bit guilty that we keep fucking him behind Jade's back - she is meant to be our best friend after all!"

"Yeah, I suppose - maybe we should even things up a bit?" Suzie suggested.

"How do you mean?"

"Well, what if we invited some friends around for her to have some fun with?"

"I'm not sure she'd go for that - she's more of a one man gal."

"Well, we'd be here too, to start with at least, and we'd of course ply her with plenty of booze!"

"Yeah, that could work - who were you thinking of inviting?"

"Well, Nick has a lovely big long cock, and he'd do anything I asked." Suzie told her friend.

"I could invite Joe, he's always up for tapping some pussy - and he's best friends with Sean, so I'd bet we could get Joe to bring him too." Diane suggested.

"Sounds like a plan babe - let's go do it!" Suzie grinned.

Diane smiled at her naked friend as they stood up and got dressed, before heading out to put their plan into action.

***************************

***************************

A few days later Diane was in the kitchen with Jade, boiling the kettle for a morning cup of tea - "I was thinking of inviting some friends around for a bit of fun tonight, you up for it?"

"Yeah, why not, I've not got any lectures tomorrow. What did you have in mind?" Jade replied.

"Hadn't really thought much about it past involving some booze!" Diane grinned at her best friend.

"Well that sounds good enough to me!" Jade smiled back, the kettle clicking off as it finished boiling as she poured the hot water into their cups.

***************************

Later that evening Diane had just finished getting dressed when the doorbell went, she flicked her hair and looked in the mirror one last time before making her way to the door. She opened it to find Joe and Sean waiting, both looking dapper. "Hey boys, you ready for some fun tonight?" She asked, pouting slightly.

"Always babe!" Joe replied, "You're looking positively delectable tonight!"

"Thanks honey." She replied, enjoying the two guys drinking in her form - her short skirt and semi-open shirt, ably supported by her push-up bra giving them plenty to see.

Diane ushered them through to the lounge and they sat down - shortly afterwards Jade joined them, the boys greeting her and complimenting her attire - a knee length billowy skirt and fitted top showing off her ample curves without flaunting them as her flatmate was.

As they all made small talk the doorbell went again - Diane left to answer it, opening the door to Suzie and Nick, "Hey babe!" Suzie smiled, giving her friend a full kiss on the lips, causing Nick to blush - she was wearing a low-cut top to show off her more than ample cleavage alongside a pair of tight jeans.

They sent Nick through to the lounge and went into the kitchen, ostensibly to get the wine to kick things off. "What have you told Nick?" Diane asked.

"Everything, but don't worry, he's hardly likely to blab!" Suzie smiled, "What about you, what have you told the boys?"

"Just that we're all up for some fun if they are and we'll just see how things progress through the night."

"Great!" Suzie grinned, "Well let's go get this party started!" She said, grabbing the wine glasses as Diane took a case of wine and a corkscrew.

The two girls walked back into the lounge, carrying the booze, "We thought we'd kick off with a film and some wine to start." Diane announced, "Sound good?"

Everyone agreed and the wine was quickly distributed as a film was loaded into the DVD player. Diane and Suzie took a seat either side of Nick on one sofa, with Jade sandwiched between Joe and Sean on the other.

Through the film the glasses were regularly topped up, though Diane had ensured the boys were making sure Jade's glass never got near to empty.

***************************

An hour and a half later the film ended with everyone tipsy from the wine and Jade slightly more worse for wear thanks to the constant glass filling of the boys.

"What should we all do now?" Sean asked, looking to Suzie & Diane.

"How about a game of strip blackjack?" Diane grinned.

All the boys beamed at the idea, but as they all expected Jade was less than keen, "I'm not sure I should, maybe I should just get to bed and leave you all to it."

"Awwww, honey please don't. If there's more of them the boys can gang up on us." Diane said.

"Yeah, why not just give it a go babe. It's a little harmless fun and no-one will make you go further than you want..." Suzie told her, trying to sooth her friend's fears.

"OK, OK - I guess I can always stop, so I'll start the game, but no promises." Jade said.

***************************

Half an hour and much more wine later the three girls were each sat in their bra and panties, with Joe and Nick in just their boxers, with Sean fairing slightly better in his boxers and t-shirt.

The next hand came down to Joe and Diane, he had stuck and she was on 15 - she twisted, but got a 9 - the boys grinned from ear to ear as she announced she was bust, as that was exactly what they were about to see.

As the winner Joe got to choose who stripped, he looked around the three girls in their underwear, then his gaze settled on Suzie's massive rack - "I choose... Suzie!" He smiled.

She stood up, enjoying the attention of the three guys as she reached behind her back and unclasped, then very slowly peeled her bra away from her large milky jugs - "Here you go boys and girls, take a good look at these big puppies!" She grinned, gently bouncing them for effect as she sat down.

It took a few minutes for the guys to remember the game and play the next hand, this time it was between Joe and Sean, and all three girls had to prepare themselves to be chosen. They all watched on nervously as Sean stuck with the hand he had been dealt - Joe looked across at his friend, then down at his cards - he had 18, but he really wanted to win and choose the girl again, he gambled and twisted, safe in the knowledge more tits were on the way whatever card he got - it was a three, he grinned as he placed his cards down. Sean grumbled under his breath as he laid his down - he had 19.

The three girls looked anxiously at Joe as he scanned around them - Suzie's pussy, or Jade & Diane's tits, which to choose? Finally he settled on the girl sat next to him, "Jade, time to lose the bra!" he grinned.

"Uh, maybe I should bow out now..." She said nervously, as all the eyes of the room locked on her breasts.

"Awww, come on honey, there's nothing to it, just whip it off like me!" Suzie soothed.

"Yeah babe, it's no different to being topless on the beach." Diane added.

"OK, OK - I'll do it." She replied, slowly standing up. It felt like everyone's eyes were burning into her as she very slowly reached behind her back, and unhooked her bra, before slowly allowing it to fall from her breasts, leaving them free for all five to see.

"Wow Jade, I don't know what you're worried about - you have great breasts!" Joe told her as she sat down again.

"Ummm, thanks I guess..." She replied.

The next hand was an all-girls finale, between Diane and Suzie as the boys took their turn to look on nervously - Diane prevailed and Sean was asked to lose his t-shirt.

Next hand up came down to Suzie & Nick, both stuck with their dealt hand - Nick put down 20 and all five looked at Suzie, she groaned and threw her 19 down as the boys whooped. Nick choose Diane and she quickly stood, whipping off her bra and giving a little bouncy turn so everyone could get a good look.

All six now just had one item of clothing left - "Maybe we should stop now..." Suzie started, the boys groaned in disappointment, as Jade smiled, pleased she'd have to go no farther - "...and do some shots!"

The boys' smiles returned as Suzie bounced off to the kitchen, Jade looking glum as her friend returned with a bottle of Tequila. Suzie poured the shots and Diane distributed and they all knocked them back.

"How about a little twist?" Diane suggested.

"Oooh yeah!" Suzie agreed, "How about the winning sex gets to do Tequila slammers off the losing sex?"

There were four hearty agreements and one worried silence, "You OK with that Jade?" Sean asked the silent girl sat next to him.

Jade once again felt all eyes on her, normally she'd have already run a mile from this situation, but she was already sat here topless, and three more hands and the girls could win, maybe it was all the wine and now the Tequila, but she didn't want to be the one that stopped everyone's fun - "Yeah, I will be when we win!" She smiled, looked up at her girlfriends smiling back at her.

"One more to keep us going?" Diane suggested.

All five nodded in agreement as Suzie refilled their shot glasses, all downing them on the count of three before retaking their seats as Sean shuffled the cards, dealing two to each.

Joe, Jade and Nick all quickly went bust, Suzie smiled as she twisted and received her extra card - with Diane still in too the girls were feeling confident. Diane lay down her 17 first, Suzie grinned as she put down a three card 21 and began eyeing up which boy's cock she wanted to see first.

Sean had been keeping his cards close to his chest however, both literally and metaphorically, and now, totally deadpan placed down 21, blackjack. Joe and Sean high-fived as the girls elation turned to despair as Sean looked round the three topless girls - his eyes stopped at Diane, he had wanted to see the Persian hottie naked for ages, and now was his chance.

Diane saw where Sean was looking, but had other plans - 'No, choose Jade!' she mouthed, 'Now's your chance to keep things going, whilst she's drunk.'

Sean thought for a second, turning his gaze to the topless girl to his left - Diane was right, this continuing was totally reliant on Jade's participation, Joe had clearly passed that message from the girls onto him. So after a second's hesitation he turned to her and said, "I want those panties off Jade!"

Jade snapped out of the semi-drunken daze she had been in, 'Oh fuck, he had actually chosen her!' she thought to herself, 'I suppose I can't back out first hand after agreeing to continue.' she reasoned, 'At least I got waxed last weekend!' She stood up slowly, swaying slightly after the two tequila shots as she very slowly slid her thong down her legs, her freshly waxed brazillian now on display to her friends as she sat back down, quickly crossing her legs as the three boys gawped at her bare pussy.

The next hand came down to Jade and Nick - he placed down his four card 18, only to be beaten by her 19. All eyes were again on the naked girl as she realised she'd have to choose who's cock was about to be displayed. She looked around all three, each displaying differing levels of rise in their boxers, finally settling on the boy next to her.

"Joe." She said, looking to her left.

Joe stood up, sliding his boxers down to reveal a good hard eight inches, as he sat down Jade suddenly became very aware that his bare thigh was touching hers, looking down at the situation she saw the cock she had been very definitely not looking at, her eyes now glued to it as she felt her pussy ever so slightly moisten - she quickly scolded herself for such a thought - she was taken after all, engaged to be married even - she hoped no-one else had noticed. But Suzie had, she noticed the gentle squirm of her friend as she looked at Joe's exposed cock.

Suzie was desperate to win the next round, and promptly did - very quickly pushing her personal desire to have Nick's bare cock on show aside and chose Sean. He stood up and slid his boxers down, revealing six inches of very thick cock. He sat back down, on what had become the naked couch as Diane and Suzie crowed about only needing one more cock to win. Meanwhile Jade was very aware of having two naked men sat around her, her gaze bounced around the room as she tried, and failed not to look at their hard dicks - she felt a small bead of moisture on her pussy lips as she looked at the fat pulsing head of Sean's cock - 'Stop it!' she admonished herself, 'You love your fiancé, this is just a game, and it'll soon be over.' she told herself, feeling back in control once more.

The next hand led to an all-boys finish between Joe and Sean to even the scores - Sean wasn't to be denied this time and instantly chose Diane as he won, his cock twitching wildly as he watched her bend over and peel down her panties, turning around to show off a well-trimmed bush before sitting down, not bothering to cross her legs.

It came down to the last hand, no-one seemed to want to twist, for fear of going bust - eventually Diane did, and stayed in, Sean went twice, busting second time round, finally Nick picked a card, then another and another. They took it in turns to lay their cards down, Diane first, a three card 18; Jade went next with 17; Joe laid his, a two card 18 to assume the win; before Suzie quickly and smugly laid down a two card 20 as the girls began to celebrate.

All the way through Nick had very quietly hung onto his five cards, now very slowly laying them out for all to see - there was a pause as they all added them up, and then again to check. Nick turned to his right and with a self-satisfied grin said "Five-card trick, Suzie!"

All three boys high-fived, then stopped to watch as Suzie removed her G-string to expose her waxed bare pussy.

"Body shots time!" Joe called, as he and Sean dashed to the kitchen, picking up salt and cutting up a lime, taking three segments before returning to the lounge and their prizes. "Girls, lie on the floor please!" Joe commanded, "Boys, remember no hands to be used!"

Diane and Suzie quickly lay down, Jade took her time - she was really worried about this, especially if Mike found out what she had done - but felt that after already agreeing explicitly to it she couldn't back out now. She tried to use her hands to cover her pussy, but succeeded mainly in pushing her breasts together.

"Nick, to the winner, first choice, who will it be?" Sean asked him.

"I'll have Suzie!" He smiled, standing by the big boobed girl lying on the floor.

"Well I'm having Diane!" Sean grinned at Joe, moving over to the naked Persian hottie.

"Guess it's me and you then girl!" Joe smiled at Jade, before filling the three shot glasses in the centre of the triangle the girls had made on the floor. The boys sat down in the middle of the floor as Joe directed, "Lime on one breast, salt on the other and shot glass on the stomach."

Jade twitched slightly as she felt the moisture of the lime on her nipple - she really couldn't believe she was doing this. She looked around to see the other two girls smiling as they also had the lime and salt placed on their bare breasts.

"You ready guys?" Joe asked, the other two responding with a 'Yeah!', "Then on the count of three let's do this!"

Jade waited nervously as Joe very slowly counted down from three, her anticipation building as he hit two, then one as he kneeled down next to her and she shut her eyes, unable to watch. Suddenly she felt his tongue licking across her breast to pick up the salt, her nipple instantly hardening. Next she felt the slight weight of the shot glass lift from her stomach as he drank that, the anticipation building again as she awaited the Lime's removal. Finally she felt his lips close round the lime and her nipple, sucking them both up together, her nipple hardening before slipping from his mouth - Jade felt her pussy twitch, she knew she was wet inside.

As she opened her eyes and looked around to see the three boys grinning as they kneeled over the three naked girls, each with their nipples standing erect she suddenly felt a wave of guilt wash over her - she had let another man lick her breasts, and even worse, it had turned her on - she felt the need to run away, but didn't want to embarrass herself, so she stayed, lay still, hoping the game was now over.

Of course it wasn't... "Shall we do another?" Sean asked, Joe and Nick nodding their agreement, "Where do you want it this time girls?"

"Salt on my nipples, Lime on my slit!" Diane grinned mischievously, "Suzie, Jade, you happy?"

Suzie nodded her agreement, "Nooooo!" Jade shouted realising what that would mean, "You can't lick my pussy!" She said, her hand pulling tighter in protection of her pussy.

"OK babe, how about if I put it on your thigh instead?" Joe asked calmly, hoping to bring her back into the fun gently.

"Uh, I suppose that would be OK." Jade replied cautiously, removing her protective hand from her pussy.

"Great, don't worry - I'll be gentle!" He smiled, before looking round to Sean and Nick, nodding for them to begin.

The three boys sprinkled the salt on their girl's nipples, then Nick and Sean placed their lime at the top of Suzie and Diane's slits. Joe placed his on Jade's inner thigh, as close to the mound of her pussy as he could without it being on there. Then the three each took a full shot glass, placing it once more on their girl's stomach.

Sean counted down this time and Jade kept her eyes open, watching as on go Joe's head descended toward her exposed breast, seeing him suck first one nipple then another gently into his mouth in turn - each exiting glistening and rock hard. She watched as he picked up the shot glass in his teeth, drinking it down as she heard a "Mmmmmmmmmm!" from Diane and an "Oooooooohhhh!" from Suzie.

Now it was her turn, she saw him move down, his head lowering between her legs, unconsciously she spread them slightly further for him as his head dipped. She felt his tongue touch her bare thigh, it was cool as it slid upwards as close to her pussy without touching it as it was possible to be until the lime disappeared into his mouth. For an instant moment she wished he would do it again, this time to her damp slit, but she quickly banished the thought as she sat-up.

Jade was confused, her body was telling her she wanted the game to continue - enjoying the attention and the harmless teasing she was receiving. Her head said no, this fun was only going one way and you're engaged for goodness sake!

She didn't have time to choose between the two, "Who's up for a game of 'I have never'?" Suzie asked, the other four agreeing and she stayed quiet, still not wanting to spoil the fun and hoping the game would reach a natural conclusion soon.

The six friends sat back up on the sofas, so Jade was once again sat between the two naked boys, their bare thighs touched hers - not letting her forget the state of undress they were all in. "So everyone know the rules? If you've done it, you take a shot, Joe - you start honey."

"OK, here goes - I have never, had sex outdoors." Joe started, everyone but Nick then took a drink to admit their guilt.

Jade was next up, "I have never, cheated on my boyfriend or girlfriend." She watched as Joe, Diane, Suzie and Nick all took a shot.

Next came Sean, "I have never - taken it up the arse!" He grinned, watching as only Diane took a shot.

"What's wrong with a bit of anal now and then?" She asked, smiling. "Anyway, I have never, made a porn video." Suzie and Jade drank, then all eyes fell to Jade.

"It wasn't very sexy really, we got the camera angle wrong and it was mainly his ass bouncing!" She revealed, a little surprised at herself for giving away such intimate details.

It was Nick's turn, "I have never - had a three (or more) some." Suzie, Diane and Joe all took a shot.
