 The girls could barely contain their excitement as they barreled off the plane. We were finally coming home so it's not as if I could blame them for being excited. After a week in Los Angeles, we had flown back to Fakahina. Three months of relaxing on a tropical island had done wonders for all of us, but it was finally time to return home.

 My contractor had emailed me last week to let me know the construction was finished and the decorators were starting. I had been to several of his job sites over the years and had no doubt that everything would be perfect. I was more excited to see my pet's reactions to the new house.

 Sonia was on my arm, ready to go home and take a nap. At seven months into her pregnancy, she looked radiant, but had a hard time getting comfortable enough to sleep on the plane. As I led her to the limo she laughed, drawing my attention to her sister's antics.

 With us being in a semi-public place, I had made them put on their bikinis, but a soon as they got into the limo Kiera's top had come off so Marta and Felicia could nurse on her breasts. She had been drained a couple hours ago, but they wanted to put on a bit of a show for the driver, who was trying hard not to stare.

 "Look all you want," I said when we got closer. "They enjoy the attention. You will see far more than that on the trip, as they are not used to wearing clothes and will be nude by the time you drop us off."

 I had to admire his professionalism as he only stole quick glances at them as he helped Sonia into the car. With the girls situated, I went back to help Ethan and Peter with our luggage. We had only taken two bags to the island, but Katherine and Isabella had begged to properly outfit their new sisters. I was expecting a few sets of their regular outfits, but ended up with that and several extra outfits for public use as well.

 Once we were loaded up and underway, my pets did exactly as I expected they would. As soon as the limo started moving their minimal outfits came off, leaving them in their boot and collars, or in Marta's case, a see though bit of lace. I had left the privacy screen open intentionally, and could see the driver checking them out in the mirror, but Marta seemed to draw his eyes more than the others did. Not that I could blame him for looking, the changes in her over the past three months were astounding.

 She had been eating properly for the first time in her life, and the daily exercise on top of it had filled out her slender frame with well-defined muscle. Her disappointment with her flat bottom had pushed her to work harder and she had developed a perfect heart shaped ass. The late growth spurt that bumped her b cup breasts up to a full c was just icing on the cake. Her transformation had given her a big boost to her confidence as well.

 I was a bit surprised by the number of people with Mr. Caputo when we pulled up to the house. I had contacted him last week, asking him to place an ad for new staff, but I wasn't expecting them to be waiting when I got home. Piero being here was no shock though. As my contractor, I am sure he wanted final approval before closing the site. If the inside looked half as good as the outside, I doubted there was going to be any problem giving it.

 When the driver opened the door, I handed him a hundred euro note and asked if he could put the luggage in the foyer for now. He smiled as he palmed the tip, "It's part of the service sir, but I never turn down a tip."

 Piero and James were both waiting as I got out of the car and didn't bat an eye as my pets crawled out behind me, still mostly naked. There were several gasps from the group behind them, but they had both seen my pets before and were expecting them to be nude. "So, what's with the party? I didn't think we would be scheduling interviews for a few days."

 "I knew what time you were going to be here, and as big as the new place is, I figured you might want to get started," James laughed. "This is just the first group. I pre-screened the applications and pulled the most qualified group based off their experience. We actually have four times as many resumes at my office if we need them."

 I nodded and glanced back at the group, seeing several people looking a bit apprehensive at my pet's state of dress. "Anyone who has an issue with casual nudity, or the possibility of walking in on a sexual situation, might as well leave now. You won't be expected to participate, but my girls prefer to be nude and we have become accustomed to expressing our affection wherever we happen to be."

 Several people left the group, but I wasn't surprised. "For those of you who are still interested, I would like to invite you to join me in my new home. Unfortunately I haven't even seen it myself, so I was going to ask Piero to give us the tour."

 Piero smiled as he walked up to the door. "I have been dying to show this place off honestly. It's a rare opportunity to build a house this size and I got a lot of satisfaction watching the design come to life. As we enter the foyer, you will notice we went with a slightly darker hardwood flooring than we discussed originally. You said you wanted the same flooring from the library to the kitchen, and we couldn't find that shade in the volume we needed, but they had plenty of this and it's only a touch darker."

 "I will take your word for it," I replied. "I honestly can't tell the difference. My main concern was it blending with the furniture, as I didn't want to go too dark. I wanted a more cheerful look to the new home, and it looks perfect."

 He opened the French doors to the left as he continued. "Here we have the library. The lighter wood tone of the shelving counters the darker floors to lighten up the room, and you have plenty of space for people to curl up with a good book. If you will follow me back across the foyer, we have the full formal dining room. There is enough room at the table for twelve without even brushing elbows and twenty if you want to get friendly."

 "Down the hall, we have a standard three piece bathroom to the left, and the extended three car garage to the right," he continued as he led us through. "Past that, we have the full chef's kitchen and informal dining area."

 I heard a gasp from behind me as we entered the kitchen area and glanced back. A striking blond with classical French features was looking at the kitchen space in awe. It was clear she was applying for the cook position and approved of the setup as she walked through the kitchen. I knew the new cook would be regularly preparing meals for a dozen people and had ordered a restaurant style setup to accommodate that.

 One of the men in the group cleared his throat and she blushed as she rejoined us on the way to the great room. "The door at the back of the kitchen is to a full pantry and the walk-in freezer. The one to our left is the laundry room and main linen closet," Piero continued as he led us through the French doors at the end of the dining area. "Here we have the main entertaining area and great room."

 Any further explanation was interrupted by the high-pitched scream of excitement from Marta. I looked over and saw the wonder in her eyes as she stared at the Salvi concert grand harp that I had set up in the middle of the great room. She had been a bit nervous leaving her harp back on the island for when we visited, but I knew this was far beyond what she expected.

 She looked over at me with a question in her eyes and I nodded. "Go ahead my dear, it's yours." She couldn't speak as she slowly crossed the floor and ran her fingers lovingly over the walnut finish. After strumming a couple strings to test the tone, she stepped behind it and started to play. I had heard her practice every day for the past few months, but this was far beyond that. Her passion for her music always came through, but the sound was so much fuller now.

 After about ten minutes, she stopped to a round of applause and bowed in acknowledgement before walking over to me. "Master, I don't know how I can ever than you for this," she said. "Is it really mine?"

 "Yes my pet," I replied as I leaned in to kiss her. "I wanted you to have something worthy of the beautiful music you make. You can play anytime you wish my dear, but I still expect you to remember to eat and keep up on your exercise."

 She blushed again and nodded, remembering how she used to skip meals to play. "You can play more after we finish our tour. I am sure everyone would love to listen to you play while I am doing interviews."

 I glanced over at Piero and nodded. "An unexpected break in the tour, but I wouldn't have missed it for the world. I don't think I have ever heard anything that beautiful before," he told us as he started leading us through the house again. "Here we have the secondary Master suite, complete with large walk in closet and an extended five piece bath."

 There were several gasps of surprise at the size of the room, but my pets gave me a curious look at the king sized bed. We could have all fit on it, but it would be a tight fit. I just smiled and shook my head, indicating this wasn't my bedroom. I had it decorated for Felicia's son Jaden and his wife Marian, along with their pet after I spoke with them when we were home for the funerals.

 "Down the hall we have the three smaller guest rooms and a large guest room, each with a walk in closet and full bath," Piero continued as the group peeked into the rooms. Even the smaller guest rooms were what you would expect for a master suite in an average house. "If we return to the great room and up the main staircase I can show you the rest of the house."'

 "Here we have what I refer to as the living room. We set up the entertainment area and a bit more cozy seating arrangements than you have in the great room," Piero told us as we went up the stairs. "On the one side we have the hallway to the servant's quarters, and the other three more of the larger guest rooms."

 The servant's rooms were about the same size as the smaller guest rooms, each with their own walk in closet and bathroom. "Wow, this is bigger than the bedroom at my apartment, and I have to share it," one of the girls said as we looked through the rooms. I couldn't help but smile, as I knew the apartments in town were fairly expensive for a single person.

 We checked the other guest rooms before Piero stopped in front of the door at the end of the balcony and fixed me with an amused grin. "Finally we have the Master bedroom, which had the girls on my design team blushing as they set it up."

 As we filed in I heard several gasps of surprise, both from the group and my pets as they looked around the room. The thousand square foot room was dominated by a custom twelve foot four poster bed with a full canopy. Each of the support posts had restraints already attached and the full headboard had ringbolts for more if needed. Kiera's punishment tools had been unpacked and were hanging off the walls along one side of the room next to a padded mounting block with restraints.

 All of my pets enjoyed being restrained for sex play, while Kiera and Sonia enjoyed being spanked. The room was my promise to them that I was willing to practice both. I could see the excitement in their eyes as they took in the decor, and the way they kept licking their lips when they looked at me made it clear they were imagining the fun we could have here.

 Their excitement grew as I led them into the bathroom and past my kittens new litter box. The shower enclosure was easily big enough for all five of us and was designed so you could block the drain and turn it into a comfortable two-person soak tub. The best part was the full six-person hot tub, so we could all climb in and relax.

 From the excited expressions, I knew they wanted to try it out now, but we did have other business to deal with first. "Well Piero, I have to say you and your people did excellent work here. How did you do on the budgeting end of it?"

 I saw his smile get bigger as he answered. "We didn't have to touch the hundred thousand extra you had as an emergency fund, and actually came in twenty-five grand under due to the volume of materials we were ordering. Most of the suppliers gave me a discount on the bulk orders and we saved a bit going with the in-line water heaters instead of tanks. It also has the advantage of no one ever having to worry about a cold shower."

 "Remember that bonus I promised you? I want you to cut a fifteen hundred euro check for each man on your crew and a three thousand euro check for yourself out of the construction account," I told him. "You have all earned it with the work you have done here."

 I saw his eyes go wide and a jerk from the young man who was talking with the blond cook earlier. The bonus was just over a month's wages for each man on the crew, but it was well worth it in my opinion. The quality of the work, and having it finished as quickly as they had, was amazing.

 "Thank you sir," Piero replied in shock. "I can guarantee every man on my crew will be overjoyed when they hear the news. It was an honor working for you, and if you ever need any other work done, don't hesitate to call."

 I nodded as I turned to James. "Once there bonus checks have cleared, you can take your fees and bonus out of the remainder before releasing the rest back to my regular account." Having a lawyer you could trust was always nice, and James Caputo was a rare breed.

 "Always a pleasure to work for you Alonso," he replied. "I will have the rest of those resumes couriered over tomorrow in case you need them."

 "If everyone else could join me back in the great room, we can start the interviews." As everyone filed out, I gathered my pets around me. "Don't worry my dears; we will have plenty of time to play in here later. For now however, Sonia, I would like you to lie down and take a nap. I know you didn't sleep well on the plane, and despite the excitement, I know you are exhausted. Would you like one of your sisters to stay with you?"

 "If it's okay Master," Sonia told me. "I have a hard time falling asleep alone, but I don't want to make someone stay with me."

 "Kitten, I want you stay with Sonia for a while," I told her. "I know you are anxious to see your family, but Jaden told me they would not be leaving until after noon, so you still have a couple hours before they get here. I will wake both of you up when they arrive, okay?"

 I pulled them both in and kissed them before Felicia dragged Sonia over to the bed. Even after sleeping half the flight, I had no doubt my kitten would nap with Sonia. She had a habit of falling asleep when she was snuggling someone.

 As we walked down to the great room, I looked back to Kiera and Marta. "Marta, I know you are anxious to play your new harp, but I want you to go check the other one first. I got you a professional lever harp as well and had it placed up in the solarium because I loved watching you play with the sun shining over your skin. It's just up the spiral staircase in the corner. We skipped it on the tour because the only things up there are a few lounge chairs and your second harp."

 "Marta, I want you to stay with me while I do the interviews. Some of the group seems to be avoiding looking at you girls," I explained. "I want to see how they respond with you sitting next to me. You can be affectionate, but try not to go overboard for now."

 When we came down the stairs, James was waiting for me. "Here are the resumes for those who are still here and the standard contracts for employment. Most of them are housekeepers, but they all have at least five years of experience. I would advise you interview Zara and her husband Marcello first. They are the only cook and grounds keeper applicants here, but they were the best qualified applicants you had."

 "I will do that," I replied. "I wanted to thank you for all the extra help these past few months. I know it's outside of your regular practice and I really appreciate it."

 "You were one of my first customers after I graduated. You have been one of my best clients for over thirty years now and have steered a lot of business my way in that time. The little extras are never a problem, especially with what you pay me," he chuckled. "Good luck with the interviews and I will see you when I bring over the paperwork to close the escrow account."

 Marta had already rushed off to check the harp in the solarium, so I took Kiera over to one of the couches. Looking over the group, I chucked to myself at how nervous some of them looked. "Before we get started I need to make a couple points clear. These are all live in positions, so room and board is part of your salary. The salaries are a bit below what you would make at a regular employer, but with no other bills, you end up with more spending money. The second point is even easier to remember. I'm retired and prefer to keep things a bit less formal now, so feel free to call me Alonso."

 Marta was already back at her harp and had started playing as I asked Zara to join us. As she sat down, she made eye contact with Kiera and smiled, completely at ease with her being curled up against me. "So, tell me why you are interested in this position. With your experience I would think you would prefer finding work with one of the larger restaurants, or even a hotel in the area."

 "Honestly I would," she chuckled. "After two years at Le cordon bleu and graduating from ICI you would think I could find better work, but I have spent five years as a sous chef with no opportunities to advance. I want to be able to experiment and create my own menus, and as a private chef, I would be able to do that. After seeing that kitchen, I would almost pay you to let me cook there."

 "That won't be necessary," I laughed. "As a sous chef you had several chefs working under you. Do you see yourself having any issues cooking for a dozen people by yourself, as well as doing the necessary shopping and following the dietary restrictions for most of the household? Simply put, most of the household doesn't eat any red meat."

 Her smile grew wider as she shook her head. "I was a very hands on sous chef, who spent most of my time jumping between stations helping the other chefs, and would prefer to be doing the cooking myself. As for the no red meat, I can make sure you have something different every night for months before I run out of recipes and have to start repeating menus."

 "Perfect, now the salary I'm offering for a cook is two thousand a month plus room and board," I explained. "I am assuming that your willingness to accept a position would be based on if your husband is offered a position as well?"

 "The salary is acceptable, considering what I was making and what we paid in rent for an apartment in Bari," she replied. "You are right that I could not accept unless my husband was offered a position as well though. I am interested in accepting, but I don't want that to influence your decision on hiring him."

 "I can appreciate that, but the fact that neither of you has even batted an eye as my pets state of dress is a strong point for both of you," I told her. "I have looked over his resume, and unless something odd comes up I see no reason I won't be offering both of you a position. If you could send your husband over, I would like to speak with him next."

 "Of course Alonso, I will send him right over. I hope you are as impressed with him, as I think we could be very happy working for you," she said as she stood up. Kiera and I both admired her figure as she walked over to her husband.

 "Master, will we be allowed to play with them as well," Kiera asked quietly. "Her husband is cute, but she is just gorgeous. Some of the girls who are applying for the housekeeper position are pretty hot as well, and I wouldn't turn any of them down if you were okay with it."
