 Sisters, JJ and Kiera were on their holiday to America together. It was a 2 week trip, visiting New York, Los Angeles and then San Francisco.

The first week had passed extremely slowly, and although having had plenty of fun, JJ was missing her boyfriend terribly, she was dying for some attention and so far she had only met a few hot guys who she just wasn't interested in.

At this point JJ wished she had took Glynn's advice, and taken her little gold bullet vibe with her. Oh how she longed for it now, her legs feeling stiff like a rusted hinge not been open in decades. 

It had only been a week but already she wanted cock, not just anyone's but Glynn's. He doesn't have the biggest cock in the world, just slightly longer than average, but he knew exactly what to do to please her.

Its Monday night and Kiera had went down to the reception to get access to the business centre, so she could check on the flights from L.A to San Francisco.

JJ knowing this would take a while, and craving pleasure, got undressed kicking all her clothes under a nearby chair.

She wrapped a bath robe around her shoulders and waltzed over to the bed, excited, knowing that her release was just minutes away. 

JJ lay back on the bed her robe falling to her sides, Her perfectly round breasts standing in place, as she bent her knees and opened her legs, she ran her fingertips down the inside of her thighs, and down past her moist opening gently brushing her clit. 

JJ reached for the remote from the bedside table and fumbled with the buttons choosing channel 97, an adult channel, right away she was greeted with a pleasurable moan from the woman on TV, normally such thing wouldn't of excited JJ, but she was that tense that the moan sent a shiver down her body, sending a spark racing through her nipples and down to her clit, where her fingers were rubbing furiously. 

A guy now appeared on the screen, not the sexiest guy in the world, but enough to catch JJ's attention, she moaned as she watched him approach the brunette lying in front of him, JJ slid her fingers down into her now dripping wet pussy, and inserted two of her fingers. she grinded and arched her back into her fingers, moaning she grasped her breasts with her free hand. JJ was only a minute in, but could feel a massive orgasm building deep between her legs.

Just then she heard someone at the door, JJ jumped up, turning off the TV in the process, and quickly closed her bath robe. Just in time. As she had finished tying it securely around her waist, Kiera walked in,

"Yeah the flights are running on time, and the shuttle will be waiting for us at 9am tomorrow." Kiera confirmed. 

Noticing a flushed look on JJ's face, 

"Are you ok? you look a little red." Kiera asked.

JJ simply replied, "Yeah just a little hot, so off for a shower."

Kiera yawned, "Alright then, just dont forget to set your alarm."

Kiera walked through the door that split the two rooms, into her bedroom, she closed the door gently behind her.

JJ breathed a sigh of relief, knowing she would of been mortified if Kiera had walked in on her.

A shower actually sounded quite nice, so she headed on through to the bathroom.

She pulled up the sleeve of her white cotton robe and turned the water on, checking the temperature with her hand. JJ checked she had locked the door, and then hung her robe on the hook.

JJ carefully stepped into the shower and immediately grabbed the shampoo. As she washed her hair she closed her eyes, her fingers running through her long blonde hair, she thought of Glynn.

She loved showering with him, just standing there in front of him, the warm water cascading down her body as he gently lathered the shampoo into her hair. She knew what came next, next he would rinse it all out, stand close behind her, and sweep all her hair over one shoulder to the front.

Then he would kiss her just below the ear, and give several small kisses down her neck whilst rubbing her shoulders with his strong soft hands.

JJ was getting lost in her imagination, reliving past memories, Glynn now kissing along her shoulder blades as his hands work up her neck and a finger of each hand circles very lightly behind her ears. He would now blow cold air straight down JJ's spine, his cool breath a shivering contrast from the warm water.

Still with his fingers circling behind her ears, he would position his thumbs at the nape of her neck, and gently tilt her head forwards, and start to kiss down her back, between her shoulder blades, his hands following the trail of his kisses, massaging her shoulder blades until his kisses reached the start of her lower back.

Now he would run one hand lightly down, all the way to where her lower back met her bum, and his second hand followed suit. His hands would sweep out over each cheek grasping her firmly by the hips.

Stepping a little closer behind her, he runs his hands down the outside of her hips, then back up, coming up under her arms, gently pushing forward around the front of her body, to quickly brush over her breasts, down her smooth sexy stomach, and out back to her hips, purposely avoiding her pelvic region.

Repeating this movement several more times, then the last time, he altered it. Running his hands down her hips pulling them back, so her bum comes into contact with him. His hands now following a different root from her hips inwards to her lower back, and from there they head up, applying light pressure bending JJ forward, his hands following the line of her back, they flow up her neck and into her hair, massaging her neck on the way back down then massaging her shoulders as he pulls her upright once more. 

After a short shoulder massage, his hands would go over her shoulders, his arms ending up around her, he would hold her tightly, his hands gently massaging her breasts as he pulled his body in as close as possible to hers, kissing and biting at her neck as he continued to squeeze, rub and cup her wet breasts feeling so silky smooth in the warm water.

JJ was now standing alone in the shower, her eyes closed and on her tip toes, as she did when Glynn really did this to her. Her hands had explored whilst imagining it all, and now they were on her breasts playing with them gently.

Without realising, an hour had passed in the shower, and the water began to get colder. The change in temperature rudely awaking JJ from her pleasurable memories. She stood flat on her feet and sighed longing for Glynn, before turning and stepping out of the shower.

She grabbed a large towel from the towel heater and dried herself, spending a little extra time drying her breasts and stomach, the feeling of the soft towel tingling over her skin. JJ wrapped a smaller towel around her hair, and pulled her gown off the door hook. 

Grabbing the larger towel from the heater once more she held it together with her bath robe and hugged them both, trying to think of Glynn, his skin was soft, but no ones skin is as soft as 100% Egyptian cotton, plus he had muscles, a nice toned body, the towel and robe were lifeless and limp in comparison.

That was all for that night, after drying her hair JJ slipped into bed, and called goodnight to Kiera who had already went to bed 5 minutes before.

JJ lay there in her cotton pj's and slowly stroked over her breasts and clit through the fabric, she could feel how wet she still was, yawning being extremely tired she closed her eyes and thought how amazing it would be if Glynn had secretly made his way there to meet her.

She envisioned him just walking straight through the door, with 2 bouquets of flowers in his arms, a bottle of champagne and his massage oil. JJ was confused, why would he have two bouquets? Clearly she was falling asleep, but didn't quite realise. She muttered to herself,

"No, no, no, thats not quite right."

Re-envisioning the whole scene again, this time he walks through the door, still holding 2 bouquets, champagne and massage oil but this time he was only in his boxers, and he said,

"Missed me much? I've brought all i need for you and Kiera."

JJ now understanding the reason for 2 bouquets, just nodded into her pillow and smiled, a second later the realisation striking her.

"What the hell do you mean? You are mine, and here for just me! Get it?" JJ said in her head, only unclear mumbling coming from her mouth.

For a third time, JJ re-thought the scene.

Glynn walks in through the door, in his black trousers, well fitting white dress shirt, a thick black cotton vest, a grey fashion scarf in place of a tie, and his black jacket they got on their trip to London. He looked extremely smart casual, not often for Glynn as he often prefered jeans and t-shirt.

JJ noticed he wasn't holding anything this time, and asked,

"Where are the flowers, champagne and massage oil?"

To which Glynn answered,

"I have all you need right here." and as he finished the sentence he began undressing.

He took off his jacket throwing it over the chair to the left of him, then he pulled his scarf from around his neck, and ran it down JJ's face as it passed her eyes, down her cheek, he bent down and kissed her once on the forehead, cheek and then lips.

JJ held his scarf close to her face rubbing it on her cheek, Glynn continued removing his clothes, lifting his thick cotton vest up over his head his white shirt beneath was held tightly over his stomach, his abdominals seen clearly as he did, he threw his vest onto the chair where his jacket rested.

Next he started unbuttoning his shirt, working down, but keeping covered until the very last button was undone, then he peeled it back of his strong broad muscular shoulders. His torso looked amazing.

His shirt joined the rest on the chair, JJ looking over his tanned toned body bit her lip and grasped his scarf tighter, smiling cheekily.

She knew next all there was left was his trousers and boxers. He smiled at her, he ran his hands down over his stomach, pulling downwards making his stomach more definded, he ran his thumb under his belt.

After unfastening his belt, he slipped it out of the loops and held it up and winked at JJ whilst saying,

"What should i do with this? Spank you? Tie your hands together? Maybe i'll tie your legs together."

JJ shivered with excitement, and was confused when he simply dropped it on the floor at his feet.

His fingers were now undoing the button on his trousers, then his zip, the sound furthered JJ's excitement, now squirming in the bed, the duvet between her legs, grinding into it.

JJ blinked and when her eyes opened his trousers were off, just his boxers left now, and JJ could almost feel what was under them just by looking.

Glynn walked closer to the bed, his boxers and contents merely inches from JJ's face. As JJ stared at his boxers just waiting for them to come down, he bent forward and kissed her once more on the lips, this time with more passion.

As he stood back up JJ's lips continued to move not wanting the kiss to be over. He knelt over JJ, straddling her. JJ's hands went straight for his chest, and ran down his smooth body, to the waistline of his boxers, once again he moved forward and kissed her, turning off the light as he sat back up.

JJ was lost in the dark, where had he gone? She lay there on her back, when she felt his hand on her hip pushing her onto her side, then she felt his entire body pressed against her back as he cuddled into her his arms wrapped tightly around her. JJ smiled, closed her eyes, and fell asleep, whilst already asleep and dreaming.

JJ had hoped she would dream of Glynn that night and she did. 

--------------------------------------------------

11am the next morning, JJ and kiera were boarding their flight, JJ whilst turning off her phone noticed a text from Glynn,

"I just want to hug you, massage you, smoother you in kisses, then work my way down your neck, between your breasts, and down between you smooth sexy long legs, kiss you up and down your inner thighs until you start squirming beneath me, i want to get you so wet... enjoy your flight sexy."

was the main body of his text, he ended with a cheeky request,

"hopefully you'll send me a picture of some guys cock in your mouth, or maybe in your sweet pink pussy, as i sadly cannot =) xxx love Glynn xxx"

JJ turned off her phone, and her cheeks turned red, she was furious with him, how could he tease her so much, surely he knew she was missing him, and missing his touch. 

JJ didn't have much time to think as Kiera grabbed her arm and dragged her to their seats.

Throughout the boring safety announcements and settling of people into their seats, JJ was deep in thought about the amazing sex she had the night before going away.

Glynn had used his belt to fasten her arms to her thighs.

He lay her back on the bed, he kissed down the back of her thighs, and gently licked at her clit, sucking it and circling with his tongue, then he knelt up and slid his entire length into her in one long smooth stroke.

JJ was beginning to smile at the thought, when she was snapped back to reality by take off, the rumbling of the planes wheels leaving the tarmac sending a vibration through her seat, and tingled between her legs, forcing JJ to become more aroused than ever.

JJ was now sure of what she needed to do, there was no way she could have spent the entire flight without getting herself off. 

Thinking it all through, she came to 2 choices. 1, she could go to the bathroom and play with herself, which she new Glynn would love. Or, 2, she could do something Glynn would love even more and get someone else to pleasure her. 

She had never done either before, being afraid of masturbating in public in case she was caught. Never letting someone else pleasure her other than Glynn.

Once the plane was in the air and the fasten seatbelts sign was turned off, she stood up and grabbed a steward by his arm, she lent into him and whispered,

"Could i go and see the cockpit please?" after a pause and a deep sexy stare JJ smiled.

The steward was surprised and so was JJ, never before had she done such a thing, flirting so openly and seductively. Being as smart as she was, realising the steward was in awe, she quickly altered her request,

"Could you show me the way to the toilets please?"

To this the steward replied, "Right this way", and walked towards the front of the plane, JJ followed close behind, watching his ass as he walked, he was a cute young guy.

He was probably only 2-3 years older than JJ, he was just under six foot tall, very slim and had light brown hair.

The steward guided her past a curtain that separates Economy, and economy plus seats. Once behind the curtain he quickly closed it and asked JJ what she wanted before, JJ couldn't believe her luck. 

She gazed straight into his eyes and with a cute voice answered,

"I want to see the cockpit so badly."

JJ knew that this was new territory for her, and she has already stepped over her boundary line. In a micro second she decided that she was in for a penny and decided to see how far she could let herself go.

She leant forward into him placing her hands on his chest, JJ kissed him deeply, her tongue exploring his mouth. 

Removing her hands from his chest, she grabbed his hands which were in her hair and guided them down her neck, past the collar of her white blouse and over her sexy breasts, the steward getting excited.

JJ slowly rubbed his hands around them, then took his hand off her right breast and stroked it down her stomach, the steward could feel her soft stomach beneath her blouse.

JJ continued to guide his right hand down, straight down over her sexy hips, down her short white summer skirt which was barely knee length.

His hand was guided under her skirt and up her inner thighs, where her thong was already wet from her juices. 

JJ slid his fingers back and forth on the wet fabric feeling the friction on her clit she moaned into his mouth as his tongue continued to wrestle with hers. As she got more and more excited she started applying more pressure and speed to his fingers. With all the moaning JJ stopped kissing the steward and rested her head on his shoulder whilst standing on her tip toes so his fingers had better access, gently biting his shoulder between moans and whispering,

"oh fuck, your fingers feel so good, can you feel how wet i am?"

With the constant rubbing at her clit, JJ's thong had moved and gathered to one side of her lips, her clit completely bare to his soft fingers.

After a minute or so, JJ regained control of herself and pulled his fingers from her clit to her mouth, they were glistening with her wetness, and she slid them into her mouth and mimicked sucking a cock with his fingers, he let out a gentle moan as JJ gave a sexy look, she stared right at him whilst sucking his fingers.

The steward suddenly realised that there was only a small curtain between him and the passengers on both sides, and couldn't be sure when a stewardess may walk in on them. 

He pulled his fingers from JJ's mouth with hesitation, he didn't want to, he was enjoying it too much, JJ's tongue rolling around his fingers in her mouth as she sucked them clean.

The steward moved both his hands back into JJ's hair, and kissed her once more, then pulled away, looking saddened he said,

"I really am so sorry, but I don't know if i can let you into the cockpit."

"It is a safety issue you see, we cant just let passengers enter."

JJ thought she was beaten and gave a sad puppy-dog look. She was happy enough, as this is the most she has ever done with any guy she didn't know.

JJ felt that her short session with the steward would be enough to keep her satisfied until they land, and as she went to turn away an idea came to her mind.

Glynn had always told her,

"If you don't get what you want, all you need to do is to show those amazing breasts of yours."

JJ didn't really feel like showing a stranger her body, it was strange enough letting a random guy kiss her, and feel her clit, but at least he didn't see anything. She thought about it momentarily.

JJ couldn't do much, she still wanted to be fucked, she still wanted to be filled. She stood back, took in a deep breath.

She was too excited to think straight.

She wanted to know if she could go all the way, do all the things she is afraid of doing. Now she just had to find out how much of a dirty little slut she could be.

JJ reached her hands up to her collar where her top 3 buttons were already undone showing a pleasant amount of cleavage.

The steward unable to avert his gaze, watched intently.

She unbuttoned her blouse leaving only the bottom button done up, taking in another deep breath to calm herself she unclasped her bra which fastened at the front. She watched as the stewards jaw dropped as her nice firm breasts bounced out of their cups.

JJ looked down at her breasts, realising just how big they were. Her nipples were so stiff they were urging her to keep going.

Looking back up, JJ gave a cute but sexy smile, and said, 

"Well will these change your mind?" and with that she gave them a little jiggle up and down.

The perfect up and down bounce had his attention, and he replied,

"Urm, ok then, i'll see what i can do, hopefully the pilots wont mind."

JJ nervously smiled and thought to herself, 

"What am i doing."

JJ was so shocked at her willingness, in her head she asked, 

"I hope Glynn wont mind too much, at least i'll have a story for him and maybe a photo or two."

Then she thought of what pictures she could take, and hoped the pilots wouldn't mind.

Then the word pilots rung alarm bells in JJ's head, she didn't think about there being more than one pilot. How could she entertain 3 guys? She has only ever had one.

JJ followed the steward down the aisle and to the front of the plane where the cockpit was waiting for her, as she walked she got nervous, passing by all the passengers. Her legs began to shake from excitement and fear. She could feel her juice begin to drip down her leg a little.
