 Bonnie was trundling through the airport concourse, pulling her overnight case on wheels behind her. She was on her way to meet up with friends at Puerto Pollensa in Majorca for five nights of sun, sangria and dancing. Well, four nights for Bonnie. While her friends had travelled out the night before, Bonnie had had to stay behind due to a last minute business meeting. The meeting finished at midday, and her flight was at six, so she'd popped home, had a few drinks to get herself in the holiday mood and waited for the taxi to arrive and take her to Gatwick, a twenty minute drive away. She had of course lost track of time after the second vodka and tonic, and with the cab outside hooting his horn, her departure - packing some last few essentials into the bag and heading out - was a bit more rushed than it should have been.

Having checked in, she was now focused on getting through security so she could start relaxing. A few glasses of wine on the flight and she would be perfectly calibrated to her friends' state of inebriation when she caught up with them.

Popping the case, her jacket and handbag on the x-ray scanner's conveyor belt, she stepped through the metal detector gateway.

Beeep!!

"Could you try it again please, madam?" said the female security guard who was standing next to the gateway.

Beeep!!

"Ok, so do you have anything in your pockets, or jewellery... anything that could be setting it off?"

Holy fuck thought Bonnie. I didn't take them out, of course... they have metal in them!

After the second drink had slipped down, and as she was contemplating her third, she had realised that she might need a bit of extra companionship on her holiday. She always got hot and horny in the sun, especially after a few glasses of sangria, and as she wasn't looking to have any holiday romances this year, had decided to pack her trusty Raving Rabbit vibrator. As she searched for it in her undies draw, she had come across some ben wa balls. Fond memories of having these ben wa balls in her pussy as she was being fucked in the arse by ex boyfriend Grant had come flooding back, and, feeling horny, so she had popped them in.

Enjoying the sensation of the balls inside her, she had danced her way to the kitchen to mix another drink. Before she knew it the taxi was outside hooting and she was tearing around to pick everything up and race out of the door. So while she had meant to take the balls out before she left home, she just didn't have time. Anyway, they were making her feel nice and horny, so she thought what the hell.

It just hadn't occurred to her in the slightest that they might be a problem at security. The balls themselves were blush pink rubber, but of course they each had a steel ball bearing rolling around inside.

So now here she was, wondering how to explain it. Her head a little fuzzy with drinks, she decided to try and blag it.

"Nope, nothing I can think of," she said, and strolled as nonchalantly as she could through the gateway a third time.

Beeep!!

The female guard asked her to stand with her arms up and legs spread a little. She gave Bonnie a quick frisk down, though there wasn't a lot to check given that Bonnie was just wearing a light vest top and shorts.

The woman then got her to walk through the gate again, with predictable results.

"Would you mind coming with me madam?"

The guard politely took Bonnie's arm and guided her around the scanner and towards a small office.

"We just need to do a more thorough check, shouldn't take a minute," she said, and motioned to another guard to join them.

Once in the room the female guard asked Bonnie if she would agree to a full body search, the alternative being not getting on the flight. Bonnie though, okay, what's the worst that can happen? This woman finds I'm wearing a sex toy. No big deal compared to wasting five days annual leave staying at home.

Plus the guard didn't look like a lesbian or anything. Shorter than Bonnie and, she guessed, in her mid thirties, she looked quite attractive even in her drab guard's uniform and with her long hair tied up. Not stunning but just quite pretty and normal looking. So she agreed to the search.

"Good. Ok then, can you strip down to your underwear for me madam?"

"What about him?" Bonnie asked, nodding towards the other security guard, a young guy of about twenty, a few years younger than Bonnie.

"Karl is a trained security professional madam, just think of it as stripping down to your bikini on holiday."

Not really the same experience Bonnie thought, but she saw her point.

She pulled off her vest top, unzipped her shorts and stepped out of them when they dropped to the floor. From the look on Karl's face, Bonnie was pretty sure he wasn't imagining she was wearing a bikini on the beach. Her deep pink lace bra did little to conceal her full firm breasts and the matching thong was equally scanty. Bonnie had been hitting the sunbeds in preparation for the holiday and she had a great all over tan on her tight, toned body. She was sure he was blushing a little at the sight of her almost naked body.

The female security guard gave Bonnie's body a quick check, obviously not finding anything to explain the beeping. Picking up a hand held scanner she passed it across and up and down Bonnie's body, front and back, a few times. Both times it bleeped when it passed over her crotch.

"Well I guess you've seen enough films to know what needs to happen now," the guard said, reaching for a pair of latex gloves.

"Listen...there is something in there, but it's nothing illegal."

"Safe place to keep your travellers cheques I suppose?" The female guard raised an eyebrow. 

"No...it's...it's...they're ben wa balls."

"I've no idea what they are...but whatever it is, sweetie, it's going to have to come out. So I need you to bend over, Miss."

Bonnie looked questioningly at Karl.

"Move to the other side of the table, he won't be able to see anything that way."

Bonnie did as she was instructed, pulled down her panties and bent over the table, legs spread, facing Karl.

"What the..?" the guard said as she walked around behind Bonnie and immediately spotted the purple ring hanging out of Bonnie's pussy on a cord of the same colour.

"I told you...ben wa balls. Pull the ring and they'll come out ...but please do it gently!"

The guard hooked a finger through the ring and pulled, possibly a tad more forcibly than Bonnie would have done. The first orb popped right out of her pussy.

"Well I'll be..." muttered the guard.

"What is it Brenda?" asked Karl.

"Not sure...but there could be drugs in it maybe."

"No, I told you, they're ben wa balls...it's a... a sex toy."

"We'll see," said Brenda, and pulled again. The second ball plopped out and the two balls dangled on the cord hanging from Brenda's finger.

"So what do they do?" asked Brenda. Karl was straining to see what was going on without moving from his post by the door.

"They each have a ball bearing inside. That's what was setting the scanner off. When you move, the ball bearings move around and... well...just make you feel nice," explained Bonnie.

Brenda put the balls in the palm of her hand and gave them a shake.

"Oh yeah...I see... so you've had that going on inside you all the time?"

To Bonnie's surprise, Brenda sniffed the balls.

"Yes, that's all it was."

Brenda smiled apologetically at Bonnie and shrugged.

"Yes I think I believe you. But I'm sure you understand...I can't just leave it at that. You could have other stuff in there too. I'll be as gentle as I can."

With that Bonnie felt two rubber-covered fingers slipping inside her. She clenched her buttocks.

"It's all right honey, relax, I'll be quick."

Bonnie relaxed and let Brenda search around inside her pussy, her fingers bending and twisting.

Bonnie let out an involuntary moan. The balls had been working away inside her and she was as horny as hell.

Brenda looked up at Karl and raised her eyebrows. Karl could see that Bonnie had her eyes closed.

"Ok sweetie, that seems fine. Do you want these back inside you?"

"Mmmm...yes please," murmured Bonnie, forgetting where she was.

Brenda held Bonnie's pussy lips apart with her thumb and forefinger. Taking one of the balls in her other hand she pushed it against Bonnie's sticky, spread labia. But rather than push it in straight away, she ran it up and down Bonnie's slit. She had of course examined dozens of women in her time, but those other cavity searches had always seemed so, functional. This was different.

Maybe it was because of the fact that it was a sex toy Bonnie had secreted away inside her, or the fact that she was an attractive fit and tanned young woman, or maybe because Bonnie was now spread out on the table, her arms splayed, moaning as she rubbed the ball up and down her pussy. Whatever it was, Brenda felt decidedly sexy.

She had never had any strong lesbian tendencies. But she had always fantasised about watching another couple fuck. Which explained what she said next.

"You look like you might need a little more than these sweetheart. Would you like young Karl's cock inside you instead? I'm sure he wouldn't mind, would you Karl?"

Bonnie murmured what sounded like a yes as Brenda continued rubbing the balls up and down her pussy. Karl just stood opened mouthed, one hand working overtime in his trousers pocket.

"Well c'mon lover boy. Get over here and get stuck in before she goes off the boil."

She reached over and grabbed him by the arm, pulling him over behind Bonnie.

"For goodness sake Karl, get your cock out. Can't you see the girl's gagging for it!?"

Feverishly he fumbled at the zip of his trousers, bending his knees slightly as he worked his trousers and boxers down his legs. He had never seen an arse as cute as Bonnie's close up. Not even in the pole dancing clubs some of the other guards dragged him along to after Friday night drinks. Firm and round and beautifully tanned. And that pussy, all pouting and pink as Brenda held it open for him.

Brenda could see him hesitating, so she grabbed his cock and aimed it at Bonnie's wet slit. As her fingers wrapped around its girth she made a mental note to corner Karl somewhere quiet at the next works do. It was maybe a little longer than average and really nice and thick. This young girl bent over the table was in for a treat.

"Well go on lad, fuck her. Fuck her good and hard," and with that Brenda retreated to a chair a few feet away to watch.

Bonnie gasped as she felt Karl shift forward somewhat clumsily. As wet as she was, he was filling her, stretching her. God it felt good. He grabbed hold of her hips and started to thrust. Bonnie groaned out as he did so and, encouraged, he picked up the pace.

"Slow down babe, or it'll be over all too soon. Before you know it you'll be shooting your spunk inside her."

Bonnie heard Brenda's voice ahead of her and looked up. The dirty cow! She was sat on a chair, her uniform trousers on the floor in front of her, legs splayed and a hand busy down the front of her black panties. She was in the process of undoing the buttons on her blue blouse and pulling down one of the cups of her bra to free a round plump breast, it's nipple hard and swollen.

Karl looked over at Brenda too. To be honest the sight of his sexy older colleague with one hand between her legs and the other pulling on her own nipple, did little to encourage him to slow down.

Brenda could see that the inexperienced Karl was just going to drive away frantically at the young girl's pussy until he exploded. She wasn't concerned about Bonnie's enjoyment, but she wanted it to last long enough for her to come herself. This was her first time getting to watch a couple fuck, live, close up, and she wanted to enjoy it fully. Her fingers were busy on her clit and nipple but she wasn't sure she'd get there before Karl shot his load.

He was going red in the face and grasping on to her hips, pumping away like his life depended on it. Bonnie had her eyes closed and was moaning loudly. All of a sudden Brenda saw the girl gasp and her eyes open wide. It coincided with Karl starting to make some strange grunting noises so she guessed it meant Bonnie could feel his cock starting to spurt inside her.

That was enough for Brenda. Seeing the effect Karl's ejaculation had on Bonnie sent her over the edge and her juices sprayed out over the hand frigging her pussy.

Karl slumped forward and it was clearly all over. Brenda slipped her trousers back on, pulled up her bra and buttoned her shirt in seconds. She helped Karl pull his softening cock out of Bonnie's pussy, getting sticky pussy juice and spunk all over her fingers. She licked her fingers, thinking how she was tasting juices from all three of them. What a turn on! She had loved her first voyeuristic experience and was keen to enjoy more.

"Okay Miss, I think you're good to go," said Brenda as she finished helping the slightly disoriented Bonnie get dressed.

Bonnie looked up at the clock on the wall.

"But I don't think I'm going to make my flight."

"Young Karl here can get you there quickly."

Hmmm. Young Karl did everything quickly by the sounds of it, thought Bonnie. As she felt the young guard's semen starting to trickle into her panties, she felt incredibly horny still. The ben wa balls and fingering she had received had worked her up into a state but the fucking had been all too brief and left her wanting more.

Moments later they were zipping through the airport on an electric buggy in silence, Karl pretending to be concentrating on navigating the chicanes of travellers huddled in groups around piles of luggage. In truth he had no idea what to say to this gorgeous woman he had just fucked.

He knew he had probably cum to quickly and felt embarrassed that he hadn't been a more accomplished lover, and as he dropped her off at her departure gate just in time for her to get on her flight, he couldn't look Bonnie in the eye.

"Thanks sweetie...for the lift," she said and ran towards the departure gate.