 Fred came home after a long day at the quarry. He through open the door and yelled, "WILMA, I'm HOME." Fred braced himself for Dino's loving attack but nothing happened. No yelping dog, no running paws coming at him, nothing. Fred was confused, then he looked to his right and standing in the doorway to their bedroom was Wilma. Fred dropped his lunchbox and stared. Wilma was wearing that white skimpy outfit she had shone him from the Fredrick's of Hollyrocks catalog last month.

Fred's mouth dropped open and all he could do was stare at his beautiful wife. Her toenails were painted bright red, her long legs were white and smooth with a thin coat of oil glistening on them, her panties were made out of white fur, hugging her small hips and letting her tight little ass cheeks poke out. Fred immediately got hard as he continued to survey his wife's beauty. Her waist was thin and firm, her chest incased in the same white fur were round and firm. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail just like she wore it in high school.

In a soft sultry voice Wilma asked, "Do you like my new outfit Fred?" All Fred could do was nod his head with his mouth hanging open. Wilma smiled as she seductively moved toward Fred; taking his hand she led him into the bathroom. "I have a nice hot bath waiting for you Fred. We are going to get you nice and clean and then we are going to do all kind of fun things tonight." 

Fred watched his wife undress him, still shocked by what he saw. Then he started to look around, "but Wilma..."

"Ssshhh, Fred, Pebbles and Dino are at the Rubbles, they will take them and Bam Bam to my mothers in the morning, and if you are very good to me tonight Fred, and I do mean very good, I might let you play with Betty tomorrow." Fred stared at his wife with his eyes wide. "Don't worry Fred, this will all sink in soon. Now get in the tub and relax while I get you your drink."

Fred eased into the hot scented water and began to relax immediately. Without Wilma standing in front of him he was able to think again. A new outfit made out of white fur, Fred loved the feel of fur against his skin. 

He had always thought about fucking Betty, but she was Wilma's best friend and Barney's wife. Waite a minute, if I get to fuck Betty, does that mean Barney gets to fuck Wilma? At first Fred didn't like that idea. Then he pictured little Barney on his wife while Fred fucked Betty in the ass. He really liked that idea. Fred's cock was rock hard and he wanted Wilma now.

"Here's your drink Fred, Bronto Bourbon on the rocks."

Fred took a sip and coughed. "You got the good stuff didn't you?" Wilma just smiled and began to wash Fred's body. Fred tried to get out of the tub and Wilma stopped him, "come on honey I can't wait, I want you now." "The cleaner you are Fred the more we can do." Fred looked at his wife, not quite sure what she had in mind but he was sure that he was going to enjoy it. So he sat back in the tub and sipped his drink while his beautiful wife bathed him.

Fred was in heaven as his drink warmed his insides while Wilma washed his body. Fred felt Wilma's tiny hand wrap around his ten-inch tool and begin to stroke it gently. Fred began to moan as his wife's excellent touch brought him close to orgasmic bliss. "I'm going to cum soon if you don't stop honey."

"Quiet Fred, I have everything under control, just lie back and enjoy." Fred relaxed and exploded in Wilma's hand. "Very good Fred, Now that that is out of the way the fun can begin."

"Now it can begin, baby it's already started for me. But why get me off in the tub Wilma?" Fred said with a very confused look on his face.

As Wilma began to dry Fred off she told him, "I have learned that when we fool around in bed you get off very quickly and then fall asleep. But, when we are not in bed, like last months camping trip to Granetstone park with the Rubble's, you fucked me in the woods four times in one day and it lasted longer each time we did it. I have never had so many orgasms in my life. So now I want to see if you can do that again, but this time at home. So here is the deal Fred; if you can PLEASURE me ALL...NIGHT...LONG..., then I will let you fuck Betty in the ass as a reward while Barney is fucking me. The Rubble's will be here tomorrow at noon, and Freddy boy, there is one more little catch..." Wilma watched Fred to make sure she had his undivided attention. "If you can satisfy Betty, then this will become a regular event. What do you say Fred? Are you up for the challenge?"

Fred had a huge grin on his face. "YABA DABA DOOO, am I up for the challenge? Wilma, I have been up from the moment I saw you in that outfit, and I plan to stay up to pleasure you ALL...NIGHT...LONG... Now come here baby." Fred scooped up his wife and carried her into the living room.

"Oh Fred!" Wilma giggled. "But what are we doing in the living room?"

"Your right Wilma, if we get in bed and fuck it's lights out for old Freddy boy and I won't get to watch Barney fuck you."

"Not to mention you and Betty, huh Fred?" Wilma said with sly look.

"A yea, that to. Anyway, this will be our park and I figure that we can use the furniture like we used the ground and rocks in the park."

"Oh Fred, that sounds like fun."

Fred put Wilma down on the table and kissed her. Her lips parted immediately and sucked his tongue into her mouth. Her right hand found his cock and moved it to the entrance of her cave. She used her fingers to part the slit in her fur panties. As soon as the head rubbed against her lips she slid forward on the table and impaled herself with it. 

Fred had never seen his wife like this. Not even in high school was Wilma this hot. If she wanted to get fucked tonight then that was what she was going to get. Fred picked her ninety-pound frame off of the table and started slamming her hips against his, forcing his cock into her steaming cave, hard and fast. The fur from the slit rubbed against his cock shaft adding to the sensation.

Wilma broke the kiss panting. Her legs and arms were wrapped around Fred. She was trying to hang on but the only feeling she had in her body was Fred's pile driver slamming into her pussy. "OH Fred, That's it Fred. Fuck me Fred." Through gritted teeth and with her eyes squeezed shut she growled in his ear. "You better fuck me hard and fast Fred Flintstone. Then I want you to eat your come out of my pussy. You are going to fuck me in the ass and then we are going to get cleaned up and start all over again. Now fuck me Fred, like you never fucked me before."

Fred could not believe the words that were coming out of his wife's mouth. She had never talked like that before, but he was determined to satisfy her. He tightened the grip on her waist and slammed her pussy hard onto his cock. 

Wilma began to scream, her ponytail was whipping around her head. Her juices were pouring out of her pussy and dripping off of Fred's balls. Her entire body was shaking as her first orgasm of the night exploded deep within her. Wilma was holding on for dear life but she had been quickly reduced to a rag doll. Fred felt her going limp and eased her onto the dinning room table and continued his assault on her pussy. Now that Wilma was lying down she could relax her body and truly enjoy what Fred was doing to her body. She began to pinch her nipples as Fred continued to slam his cock into her body. Her head rolled around as squeaks, moans, and other unintelligible noises escaped her mouth. Her orgasms had been building and she could tell that a big one was on the way, but only if Fred could keep up the pace.

"Fuck me Fred, fuck me hard Fred, make me come Fred!"

Fred felt his wife's pussy throb and quiver with each orgasm. He was determined to give her the fuck of her live. He pictured her with Barney's fat little six-inch cock in her and that gave him new energy. Fred pulled almost all the way out and slammed back in to her like a pile driver, as hard and as fast as he could. Wilma was now lying limp beneath him, her head rolling from side to side moaning.

The first shock wave of this new orgasm hit Wilma like a sledgehammer. Her eyes flew open in disbelief to see what was happening to her body. But it was just Fred's magnificent cock. Wilma's legs began to shake, her hands squeezed her tits, her head came forward and her mouth flew open. Lights exploded behind her eyelids as her entire body shook. Then it hit, Fred's cock got bigger and then exploded within her. That was all she needed to take her over the edge. Her entire body went limp and then began to twitch uncontrollably. She could feel Fred's enormous tool pumping hot cum into her ravished pussy. She had never felt so fulfilled in her life. 

Fred felt Wilma's pussy tighten around his cock and that was more than he could take. His cock got larger and then exploded within her. He had his cock buried deep within her cave as load after load of his hot seed pumped into her. Fred began to loose his balance on very shaky legs. He fell into a chair, his still hard cock sliding out of Wilma's pussy with a plop. Their juices began to run out of Wilma's cave and onto the table. Watching this gave Fred new energy and reminded him that he hadn't eaten yet. Fred moved his chair up to the table and began to dig in.

Wilma was in a daze. Small orgasms were still rippling through her body when she felt a new sensation. It immediately increased the severity of her orgasms. It took her a few moments to get her brain to figure out what was happening to her. It was Fred; he had removed her panties and was eating her pussy. No, she thought, I need to rest. But it felt so good. She tried to rise up but at that moment Fred bit her clit and her little orgasms turned into one big one. She began to scream and moan as orgasm after orgasm ravished her body.

Fred was having a great time giving his wife so much pleasure. He licked her pussy from asshole to clit and back down again. From time to time he would bite her clit and that sent her crazy. He was having trouble keeping his mouth on her cunt she was bucking around so much. Then he heard her say something, very faint. "No more Fred, Please. I can't take any more." Then she kept repeating in a very soft voice. "No more, No more, no more..." OK Wilma, I'll stop eating your pussy.

Wilma smiled and just lay there as her orgasms continued to make her body twitch. She felt the table move beneath her but couldn't figure out why. Then she felt like she was rolling, but her brain was too fuzzy to make any sense out of anything. Then she felt something on her ass, then poking her ass. Then her brain kicked in. Fred was going to fuck her in the ass. She needed time to rest, he can't do this to her now. But she had no energy to stop him; all she could do was moan as the head of his cock slowly entered her ass hole.

Fred went slowly on the way in, but as soon as the head of his cock passed her outer ring he slid in easily. The moans coming from Wilma told him that she liked it. Fred quickly picked up the pace and began pounding her ass.

Wilma couldn't do anything but take Fred's onslaught. She tried to hold on to the edge of the table but her arms wouldn't work. Her orgasms just kept coming wave after wave. Then she felt Fred stiffen and come in her ass. Mercifully he didn't last long this time. Wilma's body just continued to shake as she became aware of being picked up. Snuggled up in Fred's arms she felt safe, content, and satisfied.

Fred figured that Wilma needed to rest after all of this. Hell, I need to rest Fred said to himself. On shaky legs Fred picked Wilma's trembling body and carried her into the bedroom. He laid her in bed and snuggled up next to her. She was asleep as soon as he laid her down. Fred held his wife and kissed her forehead softly. "I love you Wilma."

Wilma woke up around midnight, exhausted, drained, and very satisfied. She was curled up next to Fred who was softly snoring. Wilma snuggled up closer to Fred, she had never loved him more than she did at that moment. She had asked for the fuck of her life and he had given it to her. She laid her head on his chest and listened to his heartbeat as she drifted back off to sleep.

The first rays of sunlight were peaking through the window as she began to stir. She looked at the clock and couldn't believe that she had slept so long, but she needed it. Wilma ran her hand over Fred's strong chest then down his stomach to his ever-ready cock. As she had expected it was hard and ready for action. Her pussy was still moist from the night before, but she could feel her juices starting to flow again.

Wilma sat up and squatted over Fred's waist. Using her hand to line up his cock with her dripping cave, she lowered herself onto his massive tool. As soon as Fred was inside of her her body began to quiver. Small orgasms began to ripple through her pussy; it was a continuation of last night. 

Wilma began to rock back and forth on Fred's tool, rubbing her clit across his coarse pubic hair. She leaned forward with her hands on Fred's chest for balance.

Fred woke up from a wonderful dream, only to find out that he wasn't dreaming. His beautiful wife was sitting on his cock and riding it like a cowgirl. Fred grabbed her small waist and pulled her down harder onto his cock. He was so deep in her he could feel the entrance to her womb rubbing against the tip of his cock. 

Wilma was moaning as her nails dug into Fred's chest. Her ponytail was whipping around her head. Wilma's eyes were closed tight and her body was trembling. 

Fred knew that she was close and wanted to be sure that he would earn the right to fuck Betty. Fred moved his right hand in front of Wilma's pussy so that his thumb could rub against her clit. 

Wilma let out a scream as soon as she felt him touch her clit.

Fred moved his left hand behind Wilma and probed for her ass hole.

Wilma felt like she was loosing her mind. First Fred began to rub her clit, and then she felt a finger rubbing her very sensitive ass hole. Wilma was coming in buckets at this point, lights were exploding behind her eyelids, and she had very little control of her body. Then she felt Fred shove a finger up her ass and she lost total control. She collapsed on top of Fred's chest twitching and moaning.

Fred could not believe Wilma; she wasn't this hot, this erotic, or this beautiful in high school. Fred slid out from under his trembling wife and moved to the end of the bed. Fred put a pillow under Wilma's waist and crawled up between her legs. He rubbed his cock up and down her slit and began to push the head into her pussy when he heard Wilma mutter, "No Fred, please don't fuck my pussy Fred, I can't take any more." "What ever you say Wilma, I will leave your pussy for Barney."

Wilma smiled and road the euphoric wave of ecstasy that came with her orgasms. Then her eyes shot open and her brain tried to process what Fred was doing. "Aaahhh, no Fred!"

But Fred was already in. When Wilma had asked him not to fuck her pussy he merely changed targets and headed for her ass, again. He had shoved his cock into her ass in one massive stroke before she new what was happening. Fred wasted no time in attacking her ass. Shoving his cock in fast and hard. Wilma didn't let Fred fuck her in the ass often, but he was tonight.

Wilma was beside herself, she had no energy left to protest with. Her orgasms were the only thing in control of her body at this point. She felt Fred get bigger and knew that he was moments away from coming in her ass and she was ready for him. When she felt Fred's hot come shoot into her ass she passed out.

As the clock began to strike twelve he heard a knock on the front door. My heart skipped a beat and my cock became full erect, again. Fred looked over at his sleeping wife and figured that since she was the one asleep instead of him that he had earned the right to fuck Betty. Fred opened the door standing slightly behind so that the world would not see him naked and Barney brushed by him looking for Wilma. 

"I ya Freddy boy, where's Wilma?"

"In bed, sleeping, why don't you see if you can wake her?"

"It will be my pleasure Freddy boy." With a big smile on his face Barney headed off to the bedroom to find Wilma.

Fred turned back to the doorway and their stood Betty, a long brown fur coat wrapped around her body. "Hello Fred, aren't you going to invite me in?"

"Oh, sure Betty, please come in."

Betty walked past Fred with a big smile on her face saying, "I plan on doing a lot of coming today Fred." Betty walked to the middle of the room and waited for Fred to close the door. She looked over Fred's naked body and saw that Fred was hard and ready for action. She figured that Wilma had spent all night and probably most of the morning working on his tool, she just hoped that Wilma hadn't warn him out for her. Betty stuck a sensual pose with one leg slightly bent, then slowly opened her fur coat to show Fred her naked body.

Fred closed the door and turned to watch Betty walk to the middle of the room. He watched as she slowly turned and scanned his body, her gaze lingered on his rock hard tool. Then she slowly opened her coat and Fred almost fainted. Betty was naked under that coat. Almost as if he were in a trance he began to slowly move toward her. Taking in every inch of her body. Fred saw something between her legs that took him a few seconds to register. No Hair! Betty had shaved her pussy. 

Betty was staring at Fred's huge cock. Wilma had told Betty about Fred's tool over the years, but now that it was in front of her she found herself being drawn to it. She dropped down to her knees and ran her hands all over Fred's enormous tool.

"I have dreamed about sucking your cock ever sense Wilma first told me how big it was after the first time that you fuck her under the bleachers after the home coming game. She told me all about how you stretched her pussy with it, how you pumped into her hot cunt for over an hour, and how you made her cum over and over again. Oh Fred, I want to suck your cock, I want you to fuck my pussy like you did Wilma's, but most of all Fred Flintstone, I... want... you... to... fuck... me... in... the... ass. I want to feel your hot sperm flooding my as. Will you do that for me Fred? Will you fuck my tight little ass with your big, hard, throbbing cock?"

Fred's eyes had rolled back into his head. He could not believe what he was hearing. Betty had been stroking and kissing his cock the whole time that she had been speaking. She looked at his cock as if she was in a daze. "We have all day Betty, I promise to fill you up with cock and cum."

Betty opened her mouth wide and slid her lips over Fred's cock. She flicked her tongue over the crown and felt Fred shudder. To her surprise Fred exploded in her mouth after only a few licks. She swallowed fast to drink his hot juice down her throat and then licked him clean. She looked up a Fred with disappointment in her eyes. "Wilma said that you lasted for hours."

Fred reached out for Betty's hands and helped her up. He softly kissed her lips and felt her melt into him. He could taste his cum in her mouth and that excited him. When they broke the kiss he tried to explain. "Betty, I have been thinking about you since Wilma told me about today. When you walked in and opened your coat I thought that I was going to explode right then and there. But I promise you this, the next time I will last much longer." Then Fred scooped Betty up in his arm and took her into the bedroom.

Barney walked into the bedroom and found Wilma on her back sound asleep. Since he knew that Fred and Betty had already started with the fun and games he figured that it would be alright for him to help himself to Wilma. Barney climbed on to the bed and gently moved her legs apart. Wilma had a neatly trimmed bush of red that matched her hair. Barney knelt between her legs and did what he did best, eat pussy.
