 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

"You did not!" Leah stared at me wide eyed. 

"I totally did... it was seriously so fucking amazing," I sighed. Somehow yesterday Alec and I hadn't been caught... well in class anyways. When he took me to his apartment after class his roommate caught us fucking in the hallway... oh well. The boy literally had the most incredible stamina and I could barely walk today thanks to it. 

"Well daaamn who knew you were so...slutty," she teased. 

"I know while I don't regret it I feel like I'm turning into some kind of hoe bag," I frowned. 

"Dude no, guys can fuck like animals and they are rewarded for it, it should be the same for women. Don't feel bad about it at all, you are just having fun and lots of it," she waggled her eyebrows. 

"It is really fun," I giggled. 

"Still though you have some big lady balls... I didn't think I'd have the courage to fuck someone in public," Leah said high fiving me. 

"It was some of the best sex I've ever had... the rush is intoxicating." 

"Maybe if I'm drunk I'd try it, but I don't know," she shrugged. 

We talked a little more about it and then Leah brought up the Crain twins. 

"So what's your plan there? Threesome?" she cackled. 

I hadn't actually thought about it, but a threesome with Landon and Lachlan would probably be pretty mind blowing. I'd never had a threesome before, but I did kind of want to try it and who better to do it with than twins? 

"I mean maybe," I said honestly. 

"Dude I am so jealous, you seriously have had like some sexual awakening. The old Spencer would've never even considered that... she was kind of a prude," Leah teased. 

"I was not, I was just with a very vanilla guy that liked missionary and nothing else," I frowned thinking about how bland my sex life used to be. 

"Well you have definitely moved beyond that now," Leah grinned. 

When Leah left later in the evening I decided to call Asher and invite him over. Discussing my sex life in extreme detail for hours had me kind of horny and Asher and I had been texting on and off all day. 

"Hey beautiful," Asher greeted me with a toe curling kiss. 

"Hey," I grinned up at him. 

"I see you dressed up for me," he teased running his hands over my body. After Leah left I'd basically stripped down into a tiny red thong and lacy red bra that barely covered my nipples. I didn't want there to be any misconceptions on why he was invited over tonight. I wanted and needed to be fucked and that was that. 

"Yeah... you definitely seem a little over dressed," I giggled. 

"I'll take care of that," Asher grinned shedding his clothes in record time. He was left in only his boxers that were having a hard time concealing his rock hard member. 

I hooked my leg around his hip and ground myself against him. 

"I want it hard and rough," I purred in his ear. I raked my fingernails down his back as I ground against him again and that seemed to set him off. 

He was a man possessed as he slammed me up against the wall with his hand around my throat. It wasn't a tight grip, but it was enough pressure to show me who was boss... and I loved it. 

His free hand reached down and pulled on my bra until the fabric began to tear and it went flying leaving red angry imprints on my skin. Next were my panties that ripped away with an elastic snap to my skin. 

"Much better," he growled grabbing my hips and lifting me up. He began to carry me to my room as I ground against him and he cupped and slapped my ass. 

When we got to my room he roughly threw me down on my bed and I flipped over onto all fours as he shed his boxers. His hand tangled in my hair as he pressed my face into the mattress and positioned himself behind me. I was already so wet and in desperate need of a good fuck.

His fingers pressed against my throat in a now familiar way as he thrust his cock inside me. 

"You've been a bad girl haven't you?" he grunted as he buried his cock deep inside me. The hand on my throat tightened it's grip and his free hand slapped my ass hard enough to leave a bruise. 

"Yes, punish me," I whimpered.

"Did I say you could fucking speak?" he hissed as he struck my backside with his knuckles.

"Are you going to shut up and take my cock like a good girl?" he said as he pounded my pussy. 

"Yes daddy," I moaned. 

"Don't fucking speak unless I say so," he said tightening his grip around my throat until I could barely breath. 

He thrust hard and fast inside me and every time I cried out he struck me harder. When I came I buried my face into the mattress and screamed as my orgasm wracked my body. 

Asher thrust a few more times before I felt him cum inside me and slowly pull out. 

"Damn I love when you talk like that," I said as we laid in each others arms. 

"Glad you like it," he grinned. 

"Are you staying over?" I asked kissing his jaw line. 

"If you want or do you have someone else coming over?" he teased. 

"Nope the list is on hold until tomorrow," I smirked. 

"Oh so I'm just your little booty call to tide you over?" he chuckled. 

"Hey you should be honored that you're my number one," I joked which earned me an eye roll. 

"Oh I am... so who is next on the list?" he asked curiously. 

"The Crain twins... I'm kind of freaking out about that," I sighed. 

"Why I've fucked twins... it's pretty awesome," he grinned smugly. 

"Yeah well you weren't the one getting a dick stuck in you," I rolled my eyes. 

"So you're a threesome virgin then?" he waggled his eyebrows. 

"Yes," I huffed. 

"Well I can get another girl over here and we can fix that right now," he said with an expression like a kid on Christmas. 

"Yeah no if you're fucking me then it's just you and me... I don't like to share," I glared. 

"Fiiiiine," he pouted. 

"But seriously I don't know how to even approach them, and plus they're friends with Nolan." 

"Who fucking cares, have you seen you? Literally all you'd have to do is smile at them and they'd fuck bro code." 

"And me?" I giggled. 

"And you," he rolled his eyes. 

"I'm surprised you're so cool with talking about this." 

"Hey it's your body do what you want, plus I think it's good to get all this sexual exploration out now so when you do want to settle down you have no regrets." 

I just stared at him for a moment, he was just completely different then I had expected him to be. He kept surprising me and it was refreshing to be with a guy who supported me and encouraged my new lifestyle. 

After a few more round of some very satisfying and mind blowing rough sex Asher and I fell asleep. When I woke up he was gone, but he had left me a note saying he had an early class. 

I was starting to like him more and more and it was kind of scary. I didn't want my feelings for him to interrupt the list because I was finally doing something wild for once in my life and I wanted to see it through to the end.

I took a long shower before getting ready for breakfast with the girls. Carrie had decided we all needed to get together so we were going to the café Leah and I had spotted Officer Will at. I was hoping to run into him again so I made sure to dress sexy even though it was just a café. I wore a thin white crop tank top that fell just under my breasts and a short black skirt. I also put on a pair of heeled ankle boots and a black choker necklace. I let my hair down in voluminous curls and did my make up very lightly, I wanted a sexy but not trying look. 

"Dude I love this new side of you, but I also hate her cause she makes me feel like a frumpkin," Amy teased when I arrived ate café. 

"Oh whatever you're hot and you know it," I rolled my eyes. 

"Yeah Ames don't even pretend like you're ugly," Leah agreed. 

"Ya I agree with them, but also Amy is right quit being so hot damn it today is yoga pants and old camp shirts day you ass hole," Carrie winked at me. 

"Hey I'm just hoping to run into Officer Benson," I waggled my eyebrows. 

"Haven't spotted him yet, but half the soccer team is here," Leah grinned. 

"Shit really?" I glanced around slightly nervous. Sure enough their familiar uniforms caught my eye in the corner, but I couldn't tell if the Crain twins were there or not. 

"If I'm being totally honest I only picked this place because I heard from one of their girlfriends they were doing a team breakfast before the game this afternoon," Carrie admitted. 

"I hate you," I pouted. 

"Hey I'm just trying to help you out," she shrugged. 

"Are they even here?" I said glancing to their table again. 

"You'll just have to go over there and find out," Carrie smirked. 

"Someone has to come with me," I begged. 

"I will, you little wimp," Leah laughed. 

"I'm not a wimp, I'm just not going to be thrown to the wolves alone," I said slowly getting up from the table. 

"Whaaatever let's go," she shook her head. 

Carrie and Amy snickered at us as we headed towards the team's table and I nervously bit my lip. Before we reached them I took a deep breath and did my best to be Sexy Spencer who I was still not totally comfortable with. I mean she had sex in class, she was fuck buddies with the hottest guy on campus, and she got the star basketball player out of a ticket with her tits. She could talk to a group of soccer jocks she just had to quit being a little bitch. 

I spotted Lachlan and Landon and breathed a sigh of relief that this little mission wasn't for nothing. Landon was on the outer part of the booth to the left so I targeted him. 

"Hey guys," I greeted them, resting my hand on Landon's shoulder. 

"Hey Spence, hey Leah what's up?" Wade said with a head nod. He was good friends with Nolan so I knew word would definitely be getting back to him. At this point though I really didn't care about Nolan, sure the list had started as revenge, but now it was more about experience. 

"We just wanted to come wish you guys good luck on your game today," I chirped as I ran my fingers along Landon's bicep. He just smirked up at me with a look in his eyes that made me want to squeal. 

"Yeah good luck guys," Leah smiled sweetly. I noticed Wade was definitely checking her out and I was extremely excited by that. The girl needed a good time and Wade was a great guy he just had questionable taste in friends. 

"Thanks," Wade winked at her which made her blush a bright red. 

"Are we going to see you at the game?" Landon asked as I leaned right up against him and he place his hand on the back of my thigh. 

"Well of course we wouldn't miss it, Amy and Carrie will be there too," I smiled. 

"Dane and Andrew will be happy to hear that," Lachlan grinned. Dane and Andrew were two very cute team members that I knew the girls would be very happy to hear were interested in them. 

"So will Carrie and Amy," Leah whispered but they definitely all heard her. 

"Well anyways we better get back to our table," I said while checking out Lachlan and Landon. These boys were crazy hot and a little threesome fun would definitely be enjoyable. 

"You better come congratulate me when we win," Landon said with a suggestive tone his hand not so subtly sliding up the back of my skirt. There was no way he missed my lack of underwear and that fact alone excited me.

I leaned over and cupped my hand over his ear and whispered, "don't worry I'll congratulate you and your brother." 

I knew only he heard me, but I had a feeling they would all know what I had said as soon as Leah and I walked away. 

"See ya," I laughed pecking Landon on the cheek before sauntering away with Leah by my side. 

"Dude what did you say to him?" Leah asked once we were out of ear shot. 

"Oh just that I'd be congratulating him and his brother," I giggled waggling my eyebrows. 

"You are so bad," she laughed with me. 

"Wade totally wants you by the way," I grinned. 

"He's so damn cute," she sighed fake fanning herself. 

"What's up with you two weirdos?" Carrie said when we finally sat back down at our table. 

"Well we are all going to the game later," I informed them. 

"Why all of us?" Amy asked. 

"Because Dane and Andrew have the hots for you two, Wade wants Leah, and I'm on a mission for the Crain's," I smirked. 

"Hmmm well I could go for some soccer hottie, I'm down," Carrie said. 

"Fine I am too," Amy agreed. 

For the rest of breakfast we talked about the game tonight and quite a bit about Asher. We left before the soccer team so I made sure to blow Landon a kiss on my way out. I was bummed we didn't see my sexy cop, but that would have to be a worry for another day. 

Since I was already ready we headed over to Carrie's so she could get ready and then to Leah and Amy's. By the time everyone was all spruced up we had about half an hour until the game started so we headed to the soccer field. 

****************************************

"Holy shit they won!" Carrie shrieked as the crowd cheered. People were running onto the field to congratulate the players so the four of us did as well. I knew the girls were going to find Andrew, Wade, and Dane so I headed off on my own towards the Crain's. 

I found Landon first and basically tackled him wrapping my arms around his neck and attacking him with my mouth. I kissed him like my life depended on it and it was definitely one hell of a kiss. The guy was very talented with his tongue and by the time we broke apart I was ready to jump him then and there. 

"So about what you said earlier," Landon grinned devilishly. I spotted Lachlan heading towards us so I unwrapped myself from Landon. When Lachlan was close enough I gave him the same treatment that I had his brother and kissed him. 

Lachlan was definitely surprised, but didn't reject me instead he pulled me into his arms and proved he was just as good with his tongue. Still in Lachlan's arms I broke our kiss and smirked over my shoulder. 

"I meant what I said," I purred at Landon. 

"Damn girl, Nolan is a fucking fool," Landon shook his head. 

"So my place or yours boys?" I giggled.

Landon and his brother shared a look and then we were off, the three of us walking towards the parking lot like the field was on fire. I was excited, but also extremely nervous and as I followed them I felt like I was buzzing with lust and anxiety. 

"We're going to take Lach's car it has better tint on the windows," Landon winked at me as Lachlan unlocked a very nice truck. Lachlan hopped into the driver's seat and Landon opened the passenger door for me.

I laughed, but crawled into the middle bench seat and Landon squeezed in next to me. I was sandwiched between the Crain boys and I couldn't have been happier.

As Lachlan pulled out of the parking spot the three of us sat in silence that was filled with sexual tension. 

Landon didn't touch at first, but as we left campus he started to get a little more handsy. 

His hand went between my thighs and massaged my left one. 

I rolled my eyes and pushed his hand away. He gave me a confused expression and I just laughed and grabbed his hand. I spread my legs and slid his hand under my skirt and along my lips. 

"We don't have to play games Landon, take what you want," I smirked. 

His lips captured mine in a heated kiss as his fingers slid along my wet slit. 

"Mmm Landon," I moaned as he rubbed my clit. 

"Fuck you're already dripping wet," he growled sliding two fingers inside me. 

"Holy fuck," I cursed as his fingers penetrated me. He didn't waste any time and began plunging them in and out of me until I was on the edge of cumming. 

"We're here," Lachlan said throwing the truck into park as soon as he entered the garage. 

One moment I was being pleasure by Landon and the next I was pulled into Lachlan's lap his lips crashing against mine. 

My skirt was pushed all the way up as I ground myself against his rock hard erection and moaned. 

"Let's go in," Landon grumbled no doubt miffed about being interrupted. 

Lachlan lifted me easily and maneuvered us out of the truck and into the house without breaking our kiss. 

As we entered the living room I felt Landon move behind me as Lachlan began undoing his pants. 

Landon's hands roughly ripped up my top freeing breasts for them to see. 

"Have you ever been double penetrated Spencer?" Lachlan purred as they both positioned themselves. 

Landon supported my back his cock pressing against my back entrance while Lachlan had my legs wrapped around him, the tip of his cock teasing my pussy. 

I felt completely helpless and at their mercy in this position and it excited me. I would have two of the most sought after men on campus taking pleasure in my body and it felt empowering. 

"I need you both inside me now," I moaned pleadingly. 

Lachlan entered me first his thick cock slamming inside me making me gasp in pleasure and pain. 

As Lachlan fucked me Landon reached around and began rubbing my clit, collecting my pussy juices on his fingers. He penetrated my ass hole with two fingers making me shudder in pleasure. 

"Such a naughty girl," Landon murmured in my ear as he kissed gently down my neck. 

When he reached my shoulder he bit down hard as he thrust his cock inside my ass hole. 

"Oh fuck," I yelped as they both thrust inside me in unison. 

There was a thin membrane separating the brothers and the friction from their relentless fucking was enough to drive me insane. 

"Harder," I begged as I neared the orgasm that had escaped me in the car. 

"Ottoman," Lachlan urged as they both pulled out of me. 

I whimpered at the empty feeling they left inside me. 

I didn't have to wait long to be filled again however as Lachlan laid back on the ottoman with me on his lap. He easily thrust inside me, his brother following quickly behind slamming into my ass hole with an intensity that sent me crashing forward. 

In this position they both penetrated me harder and deeper. 

"Oh fuck yes!" I yelled as hands grabbed my breasts and squeezed them hard enough to bruise. 

I didn't realize it wasn't one of the brothers until a throbbing cock pressed against my lips. 

I was about to protest when Lachlan roughly pinched my clit making me gasp. 

With my mouth open the new cock slid easily between my lips, forcing its way deep into my throat. 

I gagged and gasped for air as I choked on his gargantuan cock. 

I fought against the new man's hold to look up where I met a pair of chocolate brown eyes similar to the twins. He smirked as he fucked my mouth and I moaned in response. 

I had three beautiful men filling all three of my holes and the sensation was incredible. 

I swirled my tongue around the mystery man's shaft as I deep throated him while I thrust hard and fast with the twins. 

The mystery man's fingers pinched my nipples roughly while Landon spanked me hard enough to leave a mark. 

I was filled with complete and utter ecstasy as I came undone with the three of them inside me. 

My cries of pleasure as I came were muffled as a hot load spurted down my throat. 

Landon was the next to cum inside me, his cock pounding deep inside me before releasing inside me. 

I neared a second orgasm as Lachlan pounded my pussy, my walls clenching around him. 

"That's right baby cum on my cock," he growled. 

I collapsed against him as I came my body shaking with the intensity of it as he filled my pussy with his cum.