 Adam and Chad sat on the couch in Chad's new apartment. They hadn't seen each other in 4 years - since college. Chad just moved to town and they were spending the evening catching up and talking about old times.

"Remember that night I brought that girl back to our place," Adam asked, "and she was teasing & flirting with you?"

"How could I forget?" Chad answered with a huge smirk on his face.

"Man, that was so hot watching my girl hitting on another guy."

"Don't forget what happened next" Chad remembered. "She did that striptease and you let me have sex with her while you watched."

"Yeah," Adam said. "I don't think I've ever gotten so horned up in my life. And after you were done I took over. That's the hardest I've ever cummed. Gosh I can't remember her name."

"Me either, but I remember she loved it. But I guess those days are over now that you're engaged," Chad said remorsefully.

"Yeah, I guess," Chad said, his voice trailing off. "Still, Lori surprises me sometimes. She'll do things out in public like teasing me with a flash, but stops just short of letting anyone else see. I have a feeling she wants to but isn't quite brave enough to go farther."

"You'll have to work on that," Chad said.

******************

It was late when Adam got home and Lori was asleep in bed. The next morning she asked how his night was. Adam went on about what a great guy Chad is and how they were inseparable in college. "I can't wait for you to meet him!"

All day Adam kept thinking about that night with Chad and... what was her name? And as the event replayed in Adam's mind he realized this was a fantasy that he wanted with Lori. He wanted to watch her flirt and make a guy hot for her. It would be such a turn on. So he decided to bring it up.

After explaining the idea, he told Lori, "So it's a fantasy I have. Watching a guy drool all over hoping to score with you."

"I don't know," Lori replied. "I'm not sure I want to do that."

"I'm not asking you to be a stripper or anything. Just flirt. Maybe a little body contact. Just something to make him want you."

"I'm not sure I could do that," she said.

"OK," he said. "It's just an idea."

*******************

Over the next few days Lori realized Adam's idea kept coming to mind. It was intriguing. "But I can't do that in front of anyone," she thought.

Then one day she texted him at work. "How important is that fantasy to you?"

Adam was surprised. He wrote back. "Very. You don't know how hot that would be."

"Let's talk more about it tonight."

*******************

Adam and Lori talked it over and she decided to give it a try. She wanted to do it for him because it meant a lot, even though she was still reluctant. They planned to go to a strip club across town where no one knew them. Adam would go in first so they didn't appear to be together.

"The guys will already be wound up," Adam said. "So they'll be very receptive."

"So how much do you want me to do?" Lori asked.

"Well I'll sit near a lot of guys that aren't right up close to the strippers. You just act like you're looking to pick one of them up. I want you to enjoy this. Oh, and give some lap dances, too. I want you to feel the boners they get watching you."

"So what about when we're done?" Lori asked. "If we leave together some guys might get mad and think we're just playing them. Which we are, I guess."

"You're right. I don't want to create an incident," Adam said. "How about this? I'll get Chad to meet me there. I'll fill him in. You haven't met him so it'll be like he's a stranger but safe. You flirt with him last and then he can be the guy you 'take home'. Then the other guys will just feel like they struck out."

"OK I think that'll be fine."

Adam called Chad who agreed - Adam knew he would. And they made arrangements for Friday of the following week.

*******************

Friday finally arrived. Adam was excited, Lori was a bit nervous as they drove across town. They decided to get a hotel instead of driving home that night. After booking a room, they drove to the club not far away. Adam went in and easily found Chad. There was a group of guys watching the strippers from the back of the room. They found a couple seats where Lori would see them when she walked in. 

After a waitress took their orders, Lori walked in. "There she is," Adam whispered to Chad. She was wearing a tight black dress that showed off her thin figure, scarlet lipstick and hair tied up. She made her way to the bar to order a soda so she would be in complete control of her faculties.

Lori made a slow circle around the room giving all the guys a look and a smile. She sat next to one of the guys near Adam & Chad and started talking. It was casual at first, but then she began to lean in a bit closer, smiling. Adam couldn't hear her, but whatever it was the guy obviously liked. Next, she turned toward him and touched his leg, making her fingers walk along it. She brought her face in a bit closer, smiling and laughing as they talked. Her hand now caressing his thigh. She asked a question, he smiled and nodded, she set her drink down and slid over onto his lap with her back to his chest. The other guys in the group were now watching Lori and she slowly moved her bottom on his lap. He put his hand on her leg, but she gently removed it. The guy understood he was to let her be in control, much to Adam's relief.

Lori started turning more sideways so she could caress the guy's arms and shoulders. She started getting the next guy in line ready by smiling and winking at him. With one hand she felt up the first guy's chest. The other on the next guy's leg. Then she gracefully in one smooth motion stood up and sat in the next lap, straddling him with her breasts almost touching the next guy's chest.

While all this was happening, Adam watched intently. His penis was already getting hard. There was his fiancé making very hot advances toward total strangers. He was beginning to feel warm. And he could tell she was warming up to it.

Lori began to grind her lower body into the second guy's lap, and she noticed his cock becoming rock hard. That made her grind even more. She realized it was turning her on. She reached back to the first guy's hand and brought it to her thigh and did the same with the third guy. She bit her lip, looked lustfully into the second guy's eyes, placed her hands on his shoulders and slid them down his arms until they met his hands. She guided his hands to her breasts and let him caress them.

Lori didn't know where this sexual passion was coming from. It was as if a switch was turned on lighting a fire inside her. What started out as nervousness became an almost animal lust. She threw her head back and let out a deep breath as the three men touched her body. But she needed to focus on the plan and not get too carried away. She leaned in and kissed the guy's neck before, to his dismay, she moved to the lap of guy three who had a noticeable bulge in his pants.

As she began her third lap dance it was obvious to Adam she was very good at it. His bulge was straining for attention. He watched her grind the guy's lap and feel his chest and arms as she flirted with her eyes never saying a word. And before long his turn was over and Chad was next. 

Lori stood up in front of Chad giving him a very provocative smile. There was a burning desire in her eyes. She took his hand and had him stand. "Stand very still," she told him in a sultry voice. She pressed her back up against his chest. Then began a sexy dance all around him, never breaking the contact between them. She rotated around so every part of her own body rubbed against his. Adam thought he was about to explode on the spot. When she came back to Chad's front, she ground her hips into his groin feeling a very hard erection. She turned around and her hands began to explore his chest, moving down, down, down...

Adam was amazed. This brought back memories of that night in college. He imagined Chad was thinking the same. Adam was so hot watching this action. He wanted them to tear each others' clothes off right there in the club and go at it. 

Lori smiled and looked at Chad with fire in her eyes and said, "Let's go somewhere else."

Chad smiled. And with a fist bump to Adam went with Lori to the door. Adam got up and went to the bar so the three guys wouldn't think they were all leaving together. When he was sure they were focusing on the strippers again, he quietly left the club.

*******************

Adam caught up to Lori and Chad waiting for him in the parking lot. He gave her a big kiss and said, "That was unbelievable!"

"It sure was," Chad agreed.

"Time for stage two?" she asked Adam. He nodded with a huge smile. Then she looked at Chad. "Are you ready to join us at the hotel?"

"Oh yes, I am," he answered eagerly.

With that they got into their cars and drove off.

*******************

Once in the hotel, Lori gave Adam a kiss and said, "Now you sit in that chair by the bed and behave." She winked and patted his behind. Next she stood Chad at the foot of the bed, put her hands behind his neck and kissed him square on the lips. A long, hot kiss. When she pulled away she unbuttoned his shirt and slipped it off. Her hands felt all over his chest, playing with each nipple. She leaned in and exhaled hot breath over one nipple, then licked it, then gave it a suck. She did the same with the other while rubbing his groin with her hands. Next, she undid his belt and dropped his pants to the floor leaving him in his boxers. She pushed him back gently getting him to sit on the edge of the bed. She sat on his lap and started his lapdance.

Adam watched wide eyed, his cock showing his enjoyment. His heart beat faster.

It didn't take long for Chad to become hard, either. Lori could feel it as she continued to grind into it. She pressed her body into his, her hands feeling everywhere. Adam didn't realize it but he started rubbing himself as he watched.

Lori turned her back to Chad and said, "Unzip me." He did and she stood up in full view of the guys and let her black dress fall to the floor revealing her naked body. Adam's and Chad's jaws dropped to the floor. Neither had realized she had nothing on underneath. Adam couldn't believe it. Just two weeks ago she didn't think she could do his fantasy, now here she is going all out. He realized how incredible she is to do this for him. 

She motioned for Chad to get on the bed all the way and she slowly pulled his boxers off. His cock was very hard. She crawled up over him, straddling him and resumed her attack on his chest. She made her way down lower and lower. When she reached his package she started licking his cock from the bottom up. In mid lick she looked up at Adam. He had stripped off his clothes and was sitting naked in the chair with his fully erect cock in his hand. He was staring at the scene before him without blinking. She winked at him just before going down on Chad taking his whole length in one motion. Both guys let out moans of pleasure.

When Lori was satisfied that both were ready, she straddled Chad again and slowly lowered herself onto his hard rod. Chad gasped and closed his eyes. Adam whimpered, biting his lip. He was rock hard. This was even hotter than he imagined. She knew she was now in control of these two and they would do whatever she wanted. So she pulled off of Chad and had him get on his side so he was facing Adam. The she put her back against his chest and said to Adam, "Now, hun, come over here. I want both of you inside me." She winked and gave him her sexiest smile.

Adam eagerly crawled onto the bed sandwiching Lori between them. Chad entered her first, then Adam. It was a little difficult but he managed to get all the way in. At that point both of them started pumping. Lori rewarded them with groans of pleasure. Adam and Chad couldn't believe the feeling of their cocks rubbing together while inside Lori. She was so wet that they were very lubed up. They only lasted a short wile longer until each of them shot their whole loads. First Chad, then Adam moments later, and Lori came at some point as well.

They lie there panting for what felt like an hour, not saying a word. Then Adam looked Lori in the eye, gave her a kiss and said, "Thank you. This was the hottest night I've ever had." Then he looked at Chad saying, "Lori, this is Chad. Chad this is Lori. I'm glad you two finally got a chance to meet." They all laughed.

"Well," Chad chuckled, "you sure know how to kill the mood. I better leave you both alone to enjoy your night in the hotel. Thanks for a night I'll never forget."

"Thanks for being a part of this, buddy," Adam said.

When Chad got dressed, Lori put her arms around him and kissed him saying, "Thanks. It was fun getting to know you."

After he left, the two of them crawled under the covers and cuddled. Adam broke the silence and asked, "You didn't do that just for me, did you? I mean, you really enjoyed it, didn't you?"

Lori didn't answer. She just gave him a mischievous smile and went to sleep in his arms.