 Vivianna looked like she wanted to rip off her clothes and join us in the shower. Her hungry gaze wandered over Marta and Kiera before settling back on my semi hard cock as Marta slowly stroked it. She would willingly join us if I asked her, but I wanted her to ask to join us for her first time. 

"That would be perfect Vivianna. Could you wake Sonia and Felicia up on your way out to tell them," I asked her. "I know Felicia is very excited to see her family again."

Vivianna stood there for a moment before remembering she had just asked if I wanted her to inform our guests we would be down. She licked her lips and gave us a longing look before nodding and turning away to let our guests know we were coming. Marta just shook her head as I turned back and shut the water off.

"Why didn't you invite her to join us Master," she asked as I grabbed a towel and started drying Kiera. "I saw her come in while I was giving you a blowjob and tried to put on a show for her. She was more than ready and would have been on her knees, naked, with your cock down her throat if you had just said the word."

'That answers how long she had been watching,' I thought as I wrapped the towel around Kiera and grabbed another one for Marta. "First, we are not going to be playing with her at all until after she has a clean blood test. I thought it was clear that I would not chance any of us catching a STD just so we could play with a new partner. Second, we will be waiting for her to ask to play with us. I want her to make a clear decision instead of being driven by lust her first time. We need her as a housekeeper more than another lover, and I don't want her regretting her decisions and leaving."

"You know we will respect your decision Master, but I know she would not regret it once she had this inside of her pussy," Marta said as she trailed her fingers over my cock. "You always leave us feeling loved and respected, even as you thoroughly dominate us."

"I have to agree with Marta, Master," Kiera added. "Both her and Gianna would happily join us in bed if you asked them, but we will wait if you want us to."

"Yes, I do want you to wait until we have their blood tests and they ask you to play," I told them. "Gianna will probably ask one of you to bed as soon as her blood tests come back, but Vivianna still needs to decide on her own. Flirting is fine, but don't pressure her to play. For now though, we do have guests waiting, and I know you will be able to play with all three of them."

Marta looked confused as she put her lace teddy back on. "Three Master, I thought it was just kitten's son and his wife."

I smirked as I helped Kiera get her boots on. "Oh, did I forget to mention they were bringing their own pet to live with us? It must have slipped my mind. Maybe we should go down and meet them before I forget about that as well?"

"Can you please stop with the memory loss jokes Master," Marta asked. "I already promised to never call you Grandpa Master again. It's not my fault, Sophia was so cute when decided to call you that, I just couldn't resist."

"I will try to remember my dear," I teased. "Let's get downstairs to meet your new lovers. Don't worry Kiera I will let Jaden know you can't play until after you get pregnant."

"Thank you Master, we could try tonight if you wish," she replied. "I should be entering my fertile cycle today or tomorrow if we count back to the start of my last period. Now that Steven confirmed your sperm counts are almost back to normal it would be the best time to try to impregnate me."

As we walked through the bedroom, Marta shook her head. "You should have mentioned that in the shower. If I had known you were fertile, I would have asked Master to slip it to you right before he climaxed."

"I don't want to be greedy," Kiera told her. "I am quite sure Master will have plenty left to get me pregnant when it's my turn. I was actually kind of surprised it didn't happen last month after Master told us about his test results, but someone ate most of his cum out of me every time we played, so I guess I shouldn't be."

"I'm sure we can convince your sisters to skip cleaning you up until after you get pregnant," I told her as we walked down the stairs. "They are just as excited to see you get pregnant as I am my pet."

I wasn't surprised to see Sonia and my kitten curled up the couches with Jaden and Marian, but Marian jumping up, throwing herself into my arms and kissing both cheeks when we got close enough was a bit of a shock. We had shared a hug and quick kiss when they left after Christmas, but this was far friendlier.

"I have to thank you for taking such good care of Mother," she said as she pulled back. "She looks even more radiant than she did the last time we saw her. In fact, all of your pets look fantastic. You will have to tell us who we are allowed to play with though, as I think I might have offended the young lady who answered the door when I greeted her like family."

"I wasn't offended miss," Vivianna said as she walked over with the tea service. "I had a girlfriend who grew up in France and would greet everyone that way, but it was a bit shocking as I wasn't expecting it. I'm aware of how friendly the household is. I'm just not sure I am ready to get involved with something like that yet."

"I'm Sorry Vivianna, it won't happen again unless you invite it," I told her as I looked over at Jaden and Marian. "Kiera and Marta here are my other two pets. Anyone else you meet here is one of my employees, and is not involved in our games unless they decide to join at a later date. I should also warn you that I am trying to get Kiera pregnant, so she is somewhat limited."

"Aww, poor Jaden, only five beautiful pussies to enjoy instead of six," Marian replied in a teasing tone. "I'm sure he will just pine away for Kiera's pussy and ignore the rest of us until she is available...Not," she said rolling her eyes. "He will be more than happy with whoever is available to play, but we should introduce you to your new playmates as well."

The little Korean doll who had been sitting next to Jaden got up and walked toward me. She was barely five foot tall, and looked to be about fourteen. I must have looked concerned, because Mariam smiled as she introduced her. "Alonso, this is Areum Nari, and yes, she is much older than she looks. She was a model for teenage fashion magazines until a couple years ago when she agreed to do an interview for one of them. The reader's response to her being almost thirty caused so many problems that none of them would book her for shoots after that. The fashion world can be harsh sometimes. She has been our lover for several years, and exclusively for the past two."

As she knelt in front of me, the faint smile lines around her eyes were the only indication of her age. "You may call me Ari, if it pleases you Master. Mistress already had her husband breed me, so you are free to use me any way you wish."

I saw my kittens eyes light up at Ari's statement and she turned to Marian. "Yes mother that is one of our surprises. We just got the pregnancy test results back and wanted to share the good news in person."

If you have never been in the middle of a group of women when they deliver news like that I envy you. Once I extracted myself from the pile of jumping screaming females, I wandered over to the kitchen door to explain the situation to Zara, who had stuck her head out to find out what the commotion was.

"That is wonderful news Alonso; it seems you will be filling up some of those empty rooms fairly quickly. Marcello and I have talked about having a child, but it never seems to be the right time," she said wistfully before shaking her head and reaching into her pocket. "You gave me far more than we needed for shopping, even with getting all the spices and basics on top of what we needed for meals."

"Hold on to the change for now. I am sure you will find a dozen things missing from the kitchen as you start working in there," I told her. "You know, Sonia enjoys cooking, and will probably ask to help in the kitchen on occasion. I am sure she would love to assist if you decided to start that family sooner rather than later, and we could always hire someone to cover you temporarily for maternity leave, just something for you to think about."

"You really are big on family, aren't you? I will keep it in mind, but I'm not quite sure I am ready," she replied with a grin. "I will be starting dinner shortly though, do we know how many we have tonight?"

"There will be eleven for tonight if you and your husband are staying. The other housekeeper, Gianna, will be starting tomorrow morning," I told her. "Vivianna has already moved in because she had some housing difficulties, so she will be joining us for dinner."

"We will be staying for diner, but will slip away after that for a few hours to pack up our apartment. It's just clothing and our personal effects, as it was furnished when we moved in," she told me. "We will be back with the first load tonight, and Marcello will pick up the rest tomorrow while I am at my other job. You won't have to worry about lunch tomorrow, as I am going to whip up an antipasto salad and some subs while I make dinner tonight. If you will excuse me though, I have a brand new kitchen to break in."

I turned back to the great room and found the girls still talking about babies, mostly trying to decide how to decorate one of the larger rooms upstairs to turn it into a nursery. I should have thought of that, as Sonia and Kiera both wanted to give me at least two children, and Marta had talked about having my child as well when she finished school. With Ari having children as well, we would need a large nursery quickly.

Shaking my head, I walked over to Jaden. "So, would you like to see your bedroom suite now, or wait for the girls to wrap up their chat? We can probably get most of your stuff in before they stop."

He smirked at the girls before replying. "It would probably be the best way to break up their little chat actually. I know Marian will follow us as soon as she sees us moving toward the bedrooms. She is a bit fussy about how things are set up. We shouldn't have a problem getting everything in though, as we left most of it in Rome with Corbin. He and his girlfriend were talking about getting a place together, so we decided to let them use the condominium instead of selling it. The monthly fees are less than they would pay for even a tiny apartment, and we can always sell it later if they want to move."

"True enough, it is Rome, so it's not like the real estate market is going to dry up," I said as we crossed the great room. By the time we got to the hallway, Marian was leading the girls toward us. "I had the decorators do this in a similar style to my room, but if you want to change anything, just let me know."

As I led them into the room, I smiled as I saw Jaden and Marian's eyes light up. The cream-colored walls and carpet made a wonderful contrast to the black and maroon furnishings. "I wasn't sure if your pet slept in your bed, so I went with a king sized to be safe. You also have a full walk in closet and a private bathroom that should suit your needs."

Marian gasped as we entered the bathroom and I had to laugh. It was smaller than the one in my room, but the shower was still big enough for three, and the two person jetted tub would fit three if they were friendly. "Our bedroom suite is almost as big as our entire condo back in Rome," Jaden chuckled as Marian trailed her fingers over the tub. "I'm pretty sure that closet is as large as our son's bedroom. What do you think dear, do we have enough room?"

"We have more than enough room now," Mariam replied in a slightly awed tone. "The bathroom is amazing and we even have our own living room in the bedroom. We can finally get that spanking block for when my little Areum is a naughty girl, and I know we will need new restraints for the bed, but this is perfect."

My pets started to snicker, and finally laugh at Mariam's comments. As cute as her confused look was, I had to take pity on her. "You really need to see the master bedroom upstairs. I don't mind sharing the umm, shall we say, special equipment with you if you need it. We should get your gear inside and have dinner before we do that though. Vivianna already got one eyeful today thanks to Marta deciding to put on a show in the shower when she saw her. I want her to be free to choose if she wants to play, not be driven into our bed because she is too horny to think straight."

"You are far too noble Alonso," Mariam sighed. "I will go along with your suggestion though, as I would hate to be interrupted while playing to go eat dinner. I know you probably were not paying attention because you were more worried about her being offended, but that girl was flustered when she deliverd the tea. She went up to her room right after, and ether took a cold shower or jilled herself off thinking about whatever she saw in your shower. I give her three days before she asks to play and finds out she has to wait for her STD test results to come back."

"She is going to get tested tomorrow actually," Marta giggled. "Our other new housekeeper, Gianna, was a bit more open about her desire to play, and Vivianna was coming down the stairs just in time to see her shoving her tongue down Master's throat. Master had to explain and she decided to get tested so she was ready if she wanted to join in."

Marian shot me a smirk and laughed. "I give until she gets her test results back before she crawls into your bed," she said as we walked out to unpack there car. "You may not realize it, but your pets running around naked looking at you as if they would like nothing better than you bending them over the nearest piece of furniture and fucking them raw, it's a powerful aphrodisiac. They know you will make them cum and it shows. Other women pick up on that and want to see if you can make them feel as good as you make your other lovers feel, especially as you have four very attractive lovers and they all look satisfied."

I thought about it as we unloaded the car. It was shocking how much they had managed to pack in and was glad Ari was tiny, as she would have made the trip in the passenger's lap. As we were carrying boxes inside, I watched how my pets looked at me and thought about the looks I had gotten from other women when I took my pets out in public. I had to admit Marian was at least partially right, as other women did seem to look at me differently when I was out I public with my pets. I just didn't think they would be that eager to jump into bed with me.

"Alonso, would you mind if we put up a couple shelves, and possibly a corner bookcase? I need display space," Marian said as we carried the last boxes in. As expected, the girls had started unpacking and putting things away as Jaden and I made several trips to bring the rest of their stuff in. Marian was kneeling in the corner with a box full of assorted mementos that most families acquire over the years.

"Nope, you can't put up any shelves," I told her. "You have to ask Marcello about doing it for you. Poor guy, first day of work and you are already trying to take his job away. He will be joining us for dinner so you can talk to him about it then. Quit trying to put my new staff out of work or I will have to spank you."

She gave me an odd look as she stood up. "I thought you didn't do spankings? Mother and Amanda were fairly clear on that."

"I didn't do spankings back then," I replied with a smirk. "I have a couple pets who enjoy it that have changed my perspective a bit on the subject. It's not something that I get much pleasure out of, but it makes them happy so I indulge them. There have been a couple other times, but we don't discuss punishments once they are finished."

"Umm, I guess I will have to behave myself then," she replied with a slight glint in her eye. "I usually prefer to be giving the spankings, but I guess I should know who enjoys it before we start playing."

My reply was stalled by a knock at the door and Vivianna walking in. "I thought I heard voices back here. Zara asked me to let everyone know that dinner will be ready in about ten minutes, so you have time to get cleaned up and dressed if you need to."

"Thank you my dear, we will be along shortly," I told her before looking back at everyone else. "Does anyone wish to get dressed up for dinner or use the restroom before we eat?"

My pets looked hesitantly as each other before Sonia finally spoke up. "Master, can we have our tails back now? I know you didn't want us wearing them while traveling because of all the extra stops this time, but after wearing it all the time for so long, it's weird not having it in."

"Your bags are upstairs in the closet. Go get your tails out and assume the position." As they moved past with large grins, I called out again. "Kiera, kitten, get your hair pins out as well. You will probably need them for dinner."

"I have some tight little bottoms to plug before dinner, but I wanted to answer your last question," I told Marian. "Kiera and Sonia both enjoy being spanked, but Sonia needs a gentle touch right now. I would let you help with their tails, but I want to save the decor for a surprise after dinner."

"That's fine; I imagine we will have plenty of opportunities to play in the future. I need to get cleaned up and changed anyway," she replied. "Even as small as Ari is, having her on my lap for five hours got us both a bit sweaty and we could use a quick shower. We will see you at dinner, although we may be a few minutes late."

I chuckled as I left the room. If they all got in together, it might be more than a few minutes late. Heading upstairs, I found most of my pets on their hand and knees on the bed with their tails sitting beside them while Felicia was sitting next to her new litter box, waiting for me. As soon as she saw me enter the room, she crawled in to relieve herself.

Reminding myself to get wipes when I went into town tomorrow I headed toward the bathroom. "One moment kitten, I need to get some wash cloths to clean you up." She was waiting with a faint smile on her face when I came out. Some would have found it disturbing, but there was special kind of intimacy in the act and her quiet purr as I cleaned her showed her enjoyment of it.

When I finished cleaning her up, she crawled upon the bed next to my other pets. Knowing dinner was almost ready, and not wanting to chance Vivianna walking in on another scene like earlier, I only took a minute to work the lube into my pet's bottoms before slipping their tails into place. I grabbed the washcloths and went to wash my hands as Sonia and Marta pinned up Kiera and my kitten's hair.

As I came out, I waved the girls ahead and picked up my phone before following them. "Don, its Alonso, how's life been treating you... Yes, we just got back into town this morning...She is doing well, all things considered. She actually went with me, for a change of pace while the new house was built... No, I'm pretty sure she is not on the market yet, and I doubt your wife would approve anyway."

Sonia looked back, smiled and rolled her eyes when she realized who I was talking to. Don owned the hardware store where we got all the supplies for our home projects, and used to flirt with her constantly when she went in to town with Bernardo. "Actually it's a business call...Yes, we just moved in and I have already found a new grounds keeper, but we are going to need some supplies...It was all in the garage, and was lost in the fire, so we need to replace everything. I needed to have him put on my account so he can sign for whatever he needs... Marcello Landi."

We had just entered the kitchen, and Marcello looked up when I mentioned his name. I held up a hand to tell him to wait a moment. "Yes, that's him you old goat, and yes I have seen her. I agree she is gorgeous, she's also my new cook...You don't know the half of it old friend...What can I say, early retirement has worked out well for me...Perfect, go enjoy your dinner and I will have him stop by tomorrow."
