 Special thanks to bemydaddy and Brownrice_sugar for their cheerful, helpful and authentically constructive editing. This world doesn't have enough women like you. 

To everyone else, welcome and thanks for the read. Any comments, feedback and ratings would be appreciated. A quick note: This story features a secure husband and wife having fun with consenting adults. If that's not your bag, have fun elsewhere. All anonymous flaming from haters will get sharply ridiculed.

Enjoy!

*

Cindy had been flirting with us for weeks. At first we thought she was just being nice, because, well, who actually flirts with a husband and wife? At the same time. I mean, Cindy was always so nice, so sweet. Smiling and joking, teasing and playing. 

Soon we shared our marriage and our crush on Cindy. When we were all together, over coffee, wandering through the park or swimming on weekend afternoons, she offered her little comments like allowances, one for you, the hottest wife I knew, then one for me, probably the luckiest bastard in 200 miles. 

Taking off your towel at the river's edge, a bright little, "Look at the hottie," would greet giggle out across the water. Looking over, Cindy's perfect little smile is there, just for you. 

When she caught my reflection in the window of Steakhouse 5 downtown she tossed out, "Who is that handsome man," and give me another perfect smile of her plump little lips. And another wink for you.

At least, that's how it started. But you know what we love, you know what we want. We enjoy women like Cindy because when we can, we share women like Cindy. So we push, we tease and we watch to see how close her flirting will bring her.

Then last week at the river, you saw her watching me in the water, heard her call out, "If you weren't married, I just might have to have some of that."

Cindy looked at you and laughed, like a good little girl whose practicing being naughty. But she didn't know who she was playing with yet. But you did.

"Careful now, that might not be a show stopper here," I shot back, and she laughed big, surprised, maybe embarrassed a bit... and something else.

Seeing her little teases slowly spiral up over the weeks, you feel the flirting ripple through your days less like something you remember from before our marriage, and more like someone trying to engage you... to impress you... to catch you. The realization is almost enough to make you giggle, and watching her inflict the same treatment on me, your one and only man, brushes something deep and lustful in you.

We decide late one night, fantasizing in bed, spinning out sinful daydreams between kisses and licks and hard fucking.

"You know what I think," I say, thrusting up into you. My breath is hot, held close to your skin between your breasts. My lips close over your nipple and you feel the suction pull it between my teeth. 

"What?" you pant, rocking your hips on me. You feel your open thighs on the muscles of my legs, my cock buried deep.

My lips don't even lift from your nipple as I talk. "I think she's the one we've been looking for," I say, each word brushing out a little tingle in your areola, before you feel the tight skin of your nipple scraping your tight skin over the white, hard edges of my incisors. 

"Me too," you breathe, grinding down, my pelvis pressing your sweet clit.

"I think we can have her," I say.

"Me too," you breathe. Your thrusts are becoming harder, shorter.

"Do you want me to get her for you?"

"Yes," you say. And that does it. With the sound of your little admission, something sweet cracks loose in you, you scream, your muscles clench in that sharp and sweet spasm. The nerves of your clit feel like they're being beautifully punched the feeling is so explosive and sharp. The perfect interlocking of skin and lust. You feel my cock pressing you deep inside, just how you like it, while the image of Cindy's clit pressed between your lips wavers through your mind. You cum hard, with yourself impaled on me. In your imagination, you listen to Cindy's cumming screams pouring into your ears 

A few days later, while checking messages on your cell, you hear my voicemail telling to keep Friday night open. 

"I've got a surprise for the best wife in the world," it says, and you save it to hear again. You want to puzzle out the meaning of the teasing in my voice.

Friday comes fast and very slow. At dinner, sitting at the patio of our favorite restaurant downtown, the warm spring air moving softly over us, you try over and over to pull, tease and pout the secret out of me.

We've been married for so long, you know there's something interesting there. I don't tease like this unless I have the goods. I try to laugh it off. I try to lie. Then I try to just say nothing and that works. We laugh, we eat, and we talk. You sit there, waiting for what is to come. 

When I excuse myself, you think I'm about to spring it, the big surprise. I come back with a briefcase and hand it to you. 

"Take this to the powder room and put on what's inside," I say.

"Is this it?"

"Compared to what 'it' is, this is nothing. But this is the start of a lot of fun," I say, and in my smile you can see I love you like no one ever will.

In the bathroom, you open the case and smile wide. You recognize what I've packed, and can see we're going to have a very wicked night.

As we walk out of the restaurant, every eye in the place is on you. And every ear too.

Something is different in you. Something enhanced, powerful, wound up like a feline about to stretch. Just a few hints for close watchers to see.

What they see is a beautiful, curvy woman in a long black coat, buttoned to the top. What they hear is the sharp click-clack of your glossy black thigh high boots moving across the wood floor. These are boots made for one thing, and you love the energy it gets from the men and women watching. Some see the wet-look sheen of your black gloves. What no one sees is the tight, black, vinyl corset binding you under your coat, or your sweet pussy, naked above the hem of your boots except for the coat.

A quick walk down the street, you recognize our destination only after I pull you in by our interlaced fingers: The Diamond Hotel. I blow past the check-in counter and fish a room keycard out of my coat. In the elevator,I lean in, brush your face with the tips of my fingers, smile, and kiss you. The kiss you hard, deep. In that kiss you feel my love for you, the satisfaction of all our years together, like the stone under the home we've made. It makes you feel safe. And when you feel safe, you're at your most adventurous You feel my excitement as we break off. 

"Who's the best husband in the world?"

"You."

"Who's the luckiest bi girl in the world?" And there's your hint.

"Me," you say, and smile.

I kiss your neck as the elevator doors open. We walk across the foyer to our suite and I open the door. As it swings open I turn to eye you with my wickedest grin. You step through into the room.

Standing in the center of the room, with the night line of the city backlighting her from panoramic windows, is Cindy. 

She is dressed just like you, curvy, shining, smelling of latex and perfume, but in ice white. A lustful sex goddess to mirror your oil-black sheen. 

Cindy smiles, with shyness. Even through the shyness, she hand hide her lust. As you stare, hungry, realizing the lust swirling in the room, the final climax the evening is becoming, you see her growing confidence. She can see the smile and desire in your eyes. All the worries of being pretty enough, sexy enough, of you wanting her or wanting this scenario... You watch them drift away from her striking, beautiful face. Cindy's lips curl from relief to wicked anticipation.

She's about to speak, but can't quite bring herself. I raise a finger, some silent command, and she bends her head down a bit, and see a licking hintyou see a submissive side she's hidden until now.

We step closer, ready to share her, and she runs her gloved hands down the curve of her side. Her hands come to rest on her naked hips, and you see she is as hairless as you are.

I stand behind Cindy, my smile inching out from behind her auburn hair. 

"How do you like your real surprise?" I ask, and drift my lips down the back of her neck. Cindy shudders at the touch, inhales. Her breasts rise before you.

You smile at her, unveiled and excited for you, and bring your gloved hand to cup her face. Cindy presses her cheek into your stroke, and through the latex you feel her lower lip drag against your palm. That does it.

She leans into you and you taste her lips. She's soft, sweet, slow and tender in the way you've only known from the women you've had. As the kiss deepens, your teeth pulling at her lower lip, tongues sliding, you can feel me behind her, my breath hot from behind her neck. My hand drapes around her to your hip, and you feel my thumb stroke you even through your corset. It's a private little gesture just for you before we ravage this beautiful woman.

Cindy moans into your lips, the pleasure from your kiss and my lips on the back of her neck a more intense sensation than she's ever felt. It's like you can feel in her kiss the last little friction of resistance give way, the last shackle of nerves drop, and some hungry stretch of her body pull you in.

In a moment we're all on satin sheets, pressing against one another, stroking, pulling close, holding on... feasting on Cindy. We've had this before, but it's the first time Cindy's been shared between a husband and wife, and she's losing control. And it's a beautiful thing to see.

You hear her breathing quicken as her nipple grows tight and firm against your tongue. Her fingers are tangled in your hair, her sweet breast pressing into your face with her moans. It's those moans that drive you on... hearing a woman shudder and sigh and surrender is one of the few sexual thrills you can't get with me. And I'm happy to provide.

It's one of the beautiful things about a new lover... discovering what they're like when they give themselves up. Quiet or loud. Soft or rough. Will they mesh with you or not? Now you're starting to find out. It seems Cindy likes to be fucked just the way you like to fuck her.

Sliding down her body, Cindy anticipates your intentions. Her legs open wider. Your cheek slides off her smooth white corset, over the soft, red curls above her pussy. You feel the heat of her on your skin, a stroke of wetness across your chin as you press our face to her wet outer lips. She's getting louder. You look up to see her nipple between my teeth, being tugged up just enough to pinch. Another discovery you like... Cindy's a loud girl.

Cindy half screams and lifts her hips. Your mouth closes on her clit, and you can't help but bring your tongue to her bud, even while you want to tease her. Feeling that soft nub grow hard against your lips is the thrill you've been wanting. You close your lips around her hood, press it back a bit while your tongue drifts back and forth across the little hardness. You look up to see Cindy gazing down at you, and wonder if anyone's ever gotten that look from her. Amazement and satisfaction, almost mindless lust and a quiet closeness. She's so close, and so are you. Something about making a woman cum does something inside you it's hard to explain. But I know you, so I take my moment.

As you lick Cindy, you see her eyes look past you, and then you feel me behind you. Though we'll be licking and fucking and stroking and sucking for the rest of the evening, this is the climax you've been needing ever since she started flirting with us. I know you. I know that queer little itch inside you. That crease in your sexuality that's only really sated when you've got a man and woman with you at the same time.

As you lick, you feel the familiar pleasure of my cock pressing your pussy, splitting your lips and sinking in. This time it's different. Something about having Cindy's pussy pressed to your face and me behind you, filling you up is just the release you need.

As you moan, the sound vibrates into Cindy's clit. The swirl of everything, anticipation, Cindy's surrender, her obvious lust for you and the safety of us have their effect. You relish her body and somehow accept ownership of it.

Then she's screaming, fingers racking your back, nails biting through her latex gloves and into your shoulders. You hear the spike heel of her boots tearing the sheets as you make her cum... your own muscles clenching and flexing in orgasm as my cock fills you. It's her pleasure that's shoving you over the edge, and your screams between her legs that push me. My hands grab hard on your hips, yanking you back onto my stiffness.

Feeling my cock pulse deep in your pussy, I don't need to say I love you.

*

 Thanks for reading all. Feel free to rate and comment, and send us any sinful feedback you'd like!