 It was apparent to all who looked his way that he had a huge erection. He noticed Sharon, Kathy, and Rita staring at the impression his cock made in his Speedo. Never had he had such an erection, even on his Honeymoon night. Had his cock been sticking straight up instead of angling itself at the side, it would have stuck out his bathing suit and touched his belly button for all the ladies to ogle.

It was then that he had thoughts of the women ogling him as much as their husbands ogled his wife. It was then that he had thoughts of all the women touching his cock before taking him in their mouths and blowing him. It was then that he imagined feeling their tits and pussies.

Kathy, Mike's wife, a very cute redhead even brushed her hand along the length of his cock when she was playing and splashing around in the pool with him. The brush was too pronounced and too prolonged to be accidental and it felt good to have her hand brush by the head of his cock. 

Encouraged by her forwardness and by the sudden rush he received by her accidental on purpose cock brush and emboldened in relation to the amount of alcohol he consumed, when they were horsing around and he lifted her up in the water, he placed both hands on her tits and had a good feel. He nearly pulled down her top when he let her go. He had accidentally on purpose lowered her top enough to expose her nipples and he had a good look of her big tits.

"Bobby!" She said laughing at his sudden show of attentiveness to her boobs and grabbing at and pulling her top back up.

It was like that all evening. Once the alcohol started freely flowing, cloaked by the darkness of night and the depth of the pool water, the men took liberties with their hands that they would not have ordinarily taken.

Jim was all over Bonnie feeling her everywhere whenever she wasn't swimming away from him. When Bonnie swam in the opposite direction, he pulled his cock out of his bathing suit. Then, when he cornered her by the pool ladder, he pulled her hand down by her wrist and put it on his exposed cock.

"Jim is that a pool toy or a pull toy."

"Whatever you want it to be, Bonnie."

Obviously, feeling the effects of alcohol too, she wrapped one hand around his cock and stroked him a little and cupped his balls with her other hand before leaning her body against his and whispering in his ear.

"Don't cum in my pool, Jimmy."

With that, she removed her hands from his cock and balls and slowly emerged from the pool. Before she could totally ascend the ladder, he reached up and felt the shapely and round contours of her ass. She remained standing there on the ladder for a few seconds allowing him to feel and caress both of her partially thong covered cheeks with both hands. It was only when he ran his fingers down between her legs and tried to peel away her bikini thong and insert his stiff, long finger in her pussy that she gave him a swift backward kick to the chest. He fell backwards in the water, as she climbed from the pool.

"I figured you needed some cooling off, Jim," she said as she ran away from him.

Only, once out of the pool and running along side of it, Mike and Joe were there to catch her. They lifted her up and threw her back in the pool diving in after her. As soon as she hit the water, again, her top popped off and again the men were rewarded with a close up view of her tits. 

At this point neither Bonnie nor the men made any attempt to retrieve her top. Mike threw an arm around her shoulders hitching a ride on her back. He humped her ass from behind as she swam towing him and reached down with one hand to fondle her tit and finger her nipple. Meanwhile, as she swam past Joe, he reached out his hand and felt her other boob. The men were all over her pawing her everywhere.

By the end of the evening everyone was in the pool naked. The men surrounded Bonnie and the women surrounded Bobby. As all this attention with having three horny women surrounding him was new to Bobby, as it was new, too, to Bonnie to have three men touching her everywhere. 

She reached out and stroked whichever cock was closest to her hand. Before this night, Bobby's cock had been the only cock she'd ever held and stroked in her hand, so this exploration of penises was obviously exciting to her. In vein, they tried getting her in the deep and darker end of the pool but she resisted all their attempts. She was too athletic, too good a swimmer, and too strong for them. Jim, the most aggressive, continually placed her hand on his cock and she accommodated him by holding on to his the longest and stroking his prick the most. They all had tried to kiss her. She kissed all three but when they tried to French kiss her she turned away. Jim had unsuccessfully tried to finger fuck her more than a few times and finally was content to rest his cock between her legs and hump her doggy style, as she swam with him hanging off of her. She allowed him to place his cock between her legs so long as there was no penetration.

Then, when they were all tired out from swimming and all feeling the effects of the alcohol, the three men surrounded her sitting on the side of the pool with their cocks dangling while she was still in the water trying to climb the ladder to leave. When she bobbed up in down in the water, their dangling cocks were nearly at the level of her mouth. 

"We'll let you out of the pool, Bonnie, if you take our cocks in your mouth," said Jim holding out his stiff cock to her while stroking it.

"I'm not giving you guys a blowjob to leave my own pool," she said staring at their erections while laughing.

"Not a real blowjob, just a little teasing," said Jim.

"Yeah, just take it in your mouth for a second," said Mike.

"I'll watch you jerk off instead," she said reaching down and holding up her tits with both hands out of the water for them to see. "Go ahead; I want to watch you jerking off over me. I want to watch you cum. Only, don't cum in my pool," she said again with a laugh.

All the men followed her lead and started stroking themselves until they were all hard and even hornier.

"C'mon, Bonnie, just mouth my cock a little," said Jim, "and we'll let you climb out of the pool and dry off."

The men were acting much like horny teenagers and Bonnie appeared content to play their teasing game. Seductively reaching her hand out and taking one cock at a time and stroking it, she wrapped her hand around their cocks, stepped closer, leaned forward, and opened her mouth. She pretended that she was about to accommodate their lustful desire by taking them in her mouth, but at the very last second, just before their cock past her lips, she quickly swam away only to return and play the teasing game of seduction again.

It was all so very erotic and frustrating, more erotic and frustrating than any lap dance. The third time she played her teasing game, Jim put a hand around her neck and pulled her closer impaling her mouth with his stiff prick. She took his cock in her mouth, closed her lips around it and for a few seconds while swirling her tongue around the head of it, she reached out and gently cupped his balls. 

Then she did the same for Mike taking his cock in her mouth, closing her lips around it, swirled her tongue around the head of it, and cupped his balls before releasing him. Then, she took Joe's cock in her mouth, closed her lips around it, swirled her tongue around the head of it, and gently cupped his balls before releasing him, too. All three men were rewarded with Bonnie briefly taking their stiff pricks in her mouth, swirling her tongue around the head of their cocks and cupping their balls in her hand.

"There," she said wiping the water from her mouth with the back of her hand. "Are you guys happy now? I practically blew the three of you."

"It would have been better if you did it longer, Bonnie," said Jim

"Yeah, until you shot your cum in my mouth? Dream on," she said with a laugh.

Joe and Mike jumped back in the pool. While Joe was busy reaching down and fingering her clit and trying to insert his finger inside of her, Mike gave special attention to her tits sucking her nipples which she briefly allowed. Briefly, she reclined her head back in the water and moaned her sexual pleasure. 

None of this would have happened had she and they not been feeling the effects of the alcohol. None of this would have happened had she and they not been turned on by the attention that the three men gave her and that she gave the three men. Still, it was obvious to all present that had she not wanted to explore the sensation of touching them, allowing them to touch her, and taking their cocks in her mouth, she would have resisted their attempts to touch her. She could have said no. Finally, when the men tried fucking her was when she climbed from the pool and went in the house.

While all that was going on at the deep end of the pool, Kathy, Rita, and Sheila had Bobby cornered at the shallow end by the steps. Every time he tried climbing out, one of the women would grab him by his cock and pull him back in.

"Where you going, Bobby," said Sharon with her hand around his cock while stroking him. When he tried to make his escape again, Rita grabbed him as well and placed her hand around his cock while stroking him and moving her body so close to his that her tits were practically in his mouth and her pussy was squarely on his hand and thigh. Then, Kathy then took a turn stroking him and pulled his hand down between her legs. She moved her hand around the back of his neck and pulled him forward. He took her nipples in his mouth, first one and then the other and sucked her tits.

Rita and Sheila swam off to see what their husbands were up to but Kathy held on. She let Bobby climb part way up the ladder before spinning him around and taking his cock in her mouth. Before he could pull away, she had her hand firmly around his cock while moving her head back in forth giving him the best blow job he has ever had. Her tongue was a whirlwind of activity while her hand felt so incredibly good cupping his balls. She was really sucking him off. Then, she tried inserting her finger in his ass. She really wanted him to cum in her mouth.

Embarrassed and wondering what was happening with Bonnie, he pulled away finally.

"Bobby," she whispered, "cum in my mouth. Joe won't mind. Matter of fact, he'll get off when I tell him that I had your cock in my mouth. Bobby, please, cum in my mouth. I want to taste your cum."

He climbed out of the pool before he changed his mind and had her suck him off. She was an amazing cocksucker. He had to wonder just how wild he wanted these weekend get-togethers to become.

That night, after everyone had gone, Bobby approached Bonnie as she was removing her bikini.

"That swimsuit is new. I would have remembered seeing that bikini."

"Did you like it?" She peeled her bottom off.

"Oh God, yes," he said staring at her trimmed pussy.

"It wasn't too revealing was it?"

"Not as revealing as when you lost your top on the diving board," he said laughing.

"Yeah, that was embarrassing," she said. "I didn't realize it had popped off until you ran to me with a towel."

She wiggled into her nightgown and took her usual position on the vanity bench to brush out her hair.

"Do you think anyone noticed?" she asked slyly.

"Are you kidding? You nearly gave Jimmy a heart attack. Everyone noticed. You were standing there topless for five minutes."

"Oh, Bobby, it was more like five seconds."

"So, tell me honestly...did you do it on purpose? Did you flash your tits to the guys?"

"Of course not," she said hiding her smile from him. "How could you think that of me?" She hid another devilish grin from him. "It was an accident, I swear. I should have bought a size larger top. I wonder if the store will exchange it. Probably not, since I've already worn it."

"Yeah, but you knew that you were showing your ass to the guys."

"Yeah, I knew, but I wore my cover-up until I went in the pool and kept the towel on afterwards."

"That cover-up was like wearing plastic wrap. You could see everything."

"Really? I didn't know it was that sheer," she said hiding another devilish grin. "Besides, no one could see anything. It was dark."

"Yeah, dark until the security lights kept going on every time someone walked by and tripped them."

"I hope we didn't over do it. I mean, we have to see these people every day."

"Don't worry about it. I don't know about the other guys, but you got me all hot and bothered. And I can't wait to show you my appreciation."

"I can take care of that for you," she said looking down at his erection while licking her lips, "but I feel bad for Jim, Mike, and Joe. They probably are masturbating over what happened tonight."

"They'll be jerking off over your naked body for years." He watched her brush her hair. "So, tell me, what happened? Did they touch you?"

"Did they touch me? Are you serious? You didn't see them all gathered down there surrounding me? They were all over me," she said with a wicked laugh. "They touched me everywhere. They tried to French kiss me but I wouldn't let them," she said making eye contact with her husband. "Jim was intent on fingering me but I wouldn't let him do that either. Later, Joe fingered my clit and Mike sucked my nipples or was it the other way around. I don't remember. I was a little bit drunk at that point."

"Did you feel their cocks?"

"Hell, yeah! I didn't want to die knowing that the only cock I ever had in my hand was your cock," she said laughing. She stopped brushing her hair and turned to face him. "And I'll have you know that you are bigger than all of them."

"So tell me, what did you do?"

"I stroked their erections a little. Jim kept putting his cock in my hand. I stroked his the most." She turned to him. "Then, they wouldn't let me out of the pool unless I took their cocks in my mouth."

"Get out! No way!" He looked at her hard. "Did you?" Bobby couldn't believe his horny ears or his horny friends.

"Only for a second, I was curious to know what it felt like to have a cock in my mouth other than your cock."

"Oh, my God! No way! You put their cocks in your mouth? I don't freaking believe it," he said sitting on the bed while wrapping a hand around his cock and stroking himself to an erection. "So did you get off sucking their cocks?"

"Sucking? I hardly sucked anyone's cock, Bobby. Mouthing them was more like it. I didn't suck any of them. I just twirled my tongue around their head and cupped their balls. Jim had a little pre-cum on his. But, yeah, it was exciting to feel the weight of their cocks in my hand, to stroke them, and to put their cocks in my mouth."

"What about you? Did any of the women touch you?"

"They all did, especially Kathy. She even took me in her mouth and deep throated me."

"No way! Sweet innocent Kathy had your cock in her mouth?"

"She was giving me an incredible blowjob. Sweet, innocent Kathy is quite the cocksucker," he said with a chuckle. "She asked me to cum in her mouth and I nearly did, but I was intent on finding you and seeing what you were up to with those three horn balls. Only, I couldn't see because you were in the deep, dark end and they surrounded you."

"So, tell me and be honest, would you have cum in her mouth, had you not wanted to watch me with the guys?"

"Oh, God, yeah, I think so. I was so freaking horny with the three of them touching me and stroking me. Had I known you were blowing everyone, I would have had her suck me off. Kathy definitely knows how to suck a cock."

"I wasn't blowing anyone. I barely had their cocks in my mouth, Bobby."

"What about you? And be honest. Would you have done more if you could have?"

"What do you mean?"

"You know," he said holding his hand up to his mouth acting like he was sucking a cock.

"Oh, I don't know. Yeah, maybe, I guess, I was drunk. Probably, yeah, I would have given them all blowjobs, I guess."

"Really?"

"Yeah, maybe. I was really drunk and excited. Definitely, they made me wet and horny with all that attention and with them touching me everywhere. Besides, sucking a cock to a woman is less personal than having intercourse. It means more to guys than it does us." She turned to face him. "I wouldn't let them fuck me though. I wouldn't even allow them to French kiss me. Believe me they tried to French kiss me and the all tried to fuck me, too. But, honestly, I would have blown them."

"Would you have let them cum in your mouth?"

"Cum in my mouth? Gees, I don't know, Bobby. Yeah, if that's what you want to hear and want me to say, if that's what will feed your little fantasy, then, yes, I would have allowed them to cum in my mouth and I would have swallowed their load, if that is your next question."

She looked at her husband standing behind her with his cock in his hand stroking himself to an erection.

"Bobby, where're we going with this?"

To be continued...