 I'm lying in bed in a hotel room on the Vegas strip. It's two in the morning and I'm buzzing with energy; falling asleep is the furthest thing from my mind. But I dare not move a muscle. I'll probably be this way for another six hours, and while my nerves are frazzled, I'm loving it. There is a gorgeous, voluptuous naked blond fast asleep on my right and my leg is tightly tucked between her warm ample butt cheeks. She's my girlfriend, Tina, and I'm madly in love with her but... 

To the left of me is a stunning African princess with a sensual, muscular body and an unbelievably beautiful face. I've only known her for a few days and I've never had sex with her. She's my girlfriend's best friend and she is also sound asleep with her head nestled in my neck so I can feel her breath on my chest. Her firm breasts are pressing against my arm and her left nipple, which is stiff as a tootsie roll and extends about three quarters of an inch, is touching my chest and moving slightly with each breath she takes. Her hair is tickling my chin and her left leg is lying on top of my left leg. But the part of her that's driving me crazy is her left hand. It's casually draped across my abdomen with her fingertips about a half an inch away from the base of my cock which is lying down, but semi-erect. I dare not flex my groin muscle or it'll stand straight up and pull the thin sheet up with it and possibly awaken one of them. I honestly don't know what I've done to deserve being in this position, but I don't want to do anything to jeopardize it.

Oh... my... lord she did not just do that! Naima, the girl to my left, just moved her hand and it's now lying on top of my cock which is growing longer and harder by the second. I have absolutely no control over it because I'm so turned on, there's more blood in my dick than in my brain. Jeezus, now my woody is pressing up against her fingers and, even though I can tell by her breathing she's still deep in slumber, her fingers are responding instinctively to my throbbing hardness and she's lightly stroking it like it's a reflex. And it probably is a reflex, because that's her job.

Let me back up for a minute. These two girls are strippers, exotic dancers, and occasionally prostitutes if the client and his money are right. We're talking no less than four digits per hour and, as a team, they've been known to pull five-digit sums in an evening. In other words these ladies are at the top of their field. Each is a master in the art of pleasure, though until now I've only had the pleasure of one of them. How did we end up here you may ask? Naima had this idea for her and Tina to go to Vegas and work the clubs for a weekend to make some extra cash but they wanted a driver/bodyguard. That's where I come in.

There was a convention in town and rooms were slim pickings. We found a hotel with one vacancy, but it was a single bed. So I said I could sleep in the car, but the girls insisted we could all just make do sleeping in the same room.

I said I would sleep on the floor, but they said that wasn't necessary and we could all squeeze together in the same bed just for tonight.

I suggested we all sleep in our clothes so no one felt uncomfortable or awkward. But they said they would be fine and that we all should just relax and sleep naked in the same bed together.

I said that I was okay with it as long as Tina was in the middle then I wouldn't be sleeping right next to Naima and she'd feel more comfortable about it. But Naima insisted I should be in the middle because that's the way they do it in her country, traditionally.

I assured Naima that I'd be respectful and not touch her in any way, but Naima insisted that we all snuggle up real close and there should be lots of touching going on all night because she sleeps better when she's wrapped around a nice warm man.

I started to protest but Tina took me aside and said that, in Naima's culture, there's always a lot of touching and we wanted her to feel at home.

I reluctantly agreed and decided I'd be pushing my luck if I said, "Okay, but I'm not sticking my erect penis in Naima's vagina, just so they could insist otherwise." I figured I should just cash in my chips and quit while I was ahead.

So here we are all naked together in one bed: me, my gorgeous girlfriend, and her hot sexy friend who's all up on me, so you see why I'm all wound up. 

Naima's hand is so soft and delicate and it's slowly, instinctively stroking my cock and moving its way up to the tip. I'm sure she's asleep but I can't help thinking she could be awake and teasing me. I can tell she likes me as a friend, but there hasn't been any serious sexual tension, until now. But damn, this sure feels like a come on and if she keeps it up that's exactly what I'll do to her hand.

Now Tina's stirring! Oh, shit! She's gonna see what Naima's doing and I'm dead mea— Holy mother that was close: Tina just got up and went into the bathroom without looking back, thank God. What now? What the hell!? Naima's moving her head down to my... Oh shit, she flipped upside down! She's got her face in my crotch! Okay now I know this wasn't an accident, Naima's awake now and she's kissing my... oh, God yes! And licking my... my... Jeez, yeah that feels so... Good lord she's sucking my... Holy Buh-jeebers she's good... Oooh Yesssss! I mean, NO!

"Baby you gotta sto-ah-aaah-h yes... yeah... NO!" I said. "Tina could walk back in here any minute! Naima! Don't! Stop! Don't! Stop! Don't stop! I mean ooh... shit, oh yeah... I mean, NO-oho-ho-ho-oh, Naima, she's gonna come back and I can't... (ooh!) be... doing... (aah!) this... (mm! gasp)."

Oh, what's the use, now she's climbing on top of me and straddling my... OOOH! GOD YES! That is the tightest, wettest pussy I've ever plunged my dick into head first. Aaah! Damn girl! But, but, but...

"Naima, what if Tina comes back in?" I whispered.

"What if she doesn't? Wouldn't it be a waste of a perfectly good pussy to not fuck it?" she said in that sexy accent of hers.

"Yeah, but she's bound to come back in here and then what's she gonna say?" I said as Naima laid her hot body down on top of mine and started kissing my neck, my dick still sliding in and out of her.

"Will you be quiet and enjoy my gift to you. You like it don't you?"

"Are you kidding? I'm mmf mg mmeff," I said as Naima engulfed my mouth with her big, soft, voluptuous lips. 

Her body was like that of a leopard: tight, sleek, and slender. Like a sports car: quick, finger tip response, precision accuracy. That's how Naima made love. Tina was a completely different kind of incredible: Like a prize winning show horse, majestic and grand with huge firm breasts and broad powerful shoulders. Legs like columns of solid muscle and a tight firm ass that you could bounce an anvil off of. Sex with her was like driving a powerful European luxury sedan, plush and smooth as silk. I see why these chicks get the big bucks.

Back to the situation at hand, Tina's been in the bathroom for a while and Naima is having her way with me. And what a way it is. I've just given up trying to resist her. This is so... fucking... good... I'm... gonna... son of a bitch I'm... I'm... com... com...coming...oh, lord have (gasp) mercy that (gasp) was good! Wait... let me (gasp) catch my... breath... here. Oh, I gotta tell... you what... she just... did... (whew) Damn, okay.

The second I started coming she stopped on a dime and instantly locked into the rhythm of my spurts. Then she just sat there and milked my dick with her pussy muscles, squeezing precisely in synch with me. And she had this look on her face that was so unbearably cute. I could see the intense concentration in her eyes and that confident smile of someone who's a master of her craft and knows it. My God I could so easily fall in love with this woma--ACK! TINA!"

"Isn't she great?" said Tina suddenly standing next to the bed with a big smile.

"NO! I mean yeah, but no, well not like you honey, I mean you're both... uh..." I stammered.

"I know, she has a totally different style than me. That's why we make a great team," said Tina high fiving Naima. 

Tina was not even mad. She looked so delicious just standing there with her gigantic tits and that adorable little pussy that makes you wanna pick it up at eight, drive it out to lovers' lane and make out with it under the moonlight until it's gotta get back before its parents get worried.

"So you guys planned this?" I asked.

"Yeah baby. I know you gotta try the sampler plate," said Tina.

"But the only problem is now I want the usual," I said with a smile, looking Tina up and down. I glanced over at Naima and added, "No offense, baby, you were incredible."

"I know. Go ahead and make love to your woman, I wanna watch," said Naima with a mischievous grin.

So I started making love to Tina, vaguely aware of our audience, but Tina kept saying stuff like, "She's watching us honey," and "Look at Naima over there." So I glanced over and Naima had a strained expression on her gorgeous face, sitting on the chair with her long legs up in the air practically behind her head and she was masturbating furiously while watching us fuck. 

"I can't believe how horny it's making me to watch you two. My pussy is flooding like the Nile," said Naima, her voice quavering from agitation.

"You should come over here and set that wet pussy on my man's face, girl, hee hee!" giggled Tina as she bounced up and down on my shaft so hard her tits were practically pummeling her face.

"You think I should do that to him? Just put my koochie all over his face?" asked Naima.

"Definitely. He deserves it," said Tina.

"Should we ask him?" she said.

Tina was about to answer, but I had to put my two cents in.

"NO!" I said. "Don't ask me, I do whatever Tina says and if she says I deserve koochie in my face, that's what I deserve. I can't argue with her, she's the boss. So you might as well just go aheammph fmf mm phmmf mmfm..."

"That shut him up," said Naima as she engulfed my face in her ass and gave Tina a high five. Then the girls started making out with each other and a few moments later I was flooded like the Nile.