 I'd been having trouble with guys for a while. I know I'm decent looking -- your basic tall blonde -- but I tend to come off as too serious and maybe even intimidating. One guy I asked -- the husband of a good friend -- said I just looked unavailable. Plus I've been working far too hard at the engineering firm and not been taking care of my appearance or paying much attention to guys. 

For the express purpose of getting some outrageously casual sex, I took two weeks off, got a facial, full body wax, etc. and flew down to Florida. Figured being away from home I could just go into a bar and pick up a different guy every night.

Well it didn't work out like that. There was a lot of competition --tall blondes all over. Plus I think I may just come off as too serious or whatever. I got approached by a few losers -- I mean real losers. I wasn't feeling that choosy, but ...

But I did meet two guys in a beach bar and flirted a bit. They didn't seem that interested, but I ran into them the next day at the beach and then again that night in the hotel bar. These guys seemed nice enough, and certainly honest! They were both married, waiting for their wives to return from a cruise, but also sort of looking for adventure. I told them that maybe they should each go trolling alone and take off their wedding rings. 

Eventually they implied -- in a sort of joking way - that if I wanted to spend the night with one of them, I could choose, and the other would just fend for himself with no hard feelings. I know this sounds like a really lame proposition, but - I don't know -- I really liked it. It was so straight forward, just an offer of non-binding sex, and I liked these guys. How would I choose? It just made sense to offer to spend the night with both. Still I could hardly believe it when I heard myself saying it. They had 2 nights before the wives' arrival, so we planned 2 nights and a day together.

Before my pre-date shower, I went to a drug store and got a dozen condoms, a couple of different lubricants, and a some enemas. I kind of like the fullness of a finger in my anus when I'm getting a cock rammed into my pussy. Plus I'd heard about - and always wanted to try - a cock in both orifices at the same time. This seemed like the time, if ever.

So as you can see I was planning on a little orgy, fucking two guys at once, but as I was about to find out, they saw it as two separate dates.

My dates had rooms across from each other on the same floor as mine in another wing, and we agreed to meet in one of their suites. At this point I wanted to dispense with all the businesslike dealing and shake them up a bit, so I gave into my exhibitionist tendencies and walked completely naked from my room to theirs a little before they were expecting me. 

I knew I would probably be seen, and I wasn't disappointed. About halfway at the end of my wing near the elevator I encountered a young couple. She giggled -- he stared. Not far from my dates' rooms I encountered two middle-age men and stopped to chat and be ogled. Why was I naked? Just for fun. I was stuck in the hall a bit longer trying to find my dates, since I was early, and they were in a different room than I'd expected.

My dates (Let's call them by their hair colors -- Red and Blonde) were surprised to see how quickly I had gotten down to business, and said that Red was preparing to "receive" me in his room across the hall first.

I sat down in the middle of a small couch in the living room of Blonde's suite and said let's warm up with a drink. As they got drinks from the bar, I relaxed back into the couch leaving my open a bit, so they could see my waxed pussy crack. I asked them to sit on either side of me, and I suggested watching some light porn on the hotel's network.

The couch was not really wide enough to be comfortable for three, so I was soon sitting on their laps -- one then the other and eventually spreading across both. I began to realize that they had not planned it this way -- they thought I'd spend the first night with Red and the second with Blonde. Nonetheless, I was still planning on my orgy and double fuck and figured I could slowly push the situation in that direction.

Naked, lying across the laps of two fully dressed attractive guys watching various sex acts on the screen, nature began to take its course. My two dates didn't take long to begin massaging my body, especially my breasts, long thighs and rapidly moistening pussy. Soon they were taking turns massaging my clitoris and pussy lips and slipping their fingers into my vagina. Both had stayed completely dressed, making me feel so totally exposed, lying wiggling around and moaning on top of them, as a strong orgasm shook my whole naked body.

I told them I wanted to shower with them before moving on, and Red said that he had everything set up for me in his room across the hall, and we could shower there. "Didn't Blonde at least want to watch?" That did sort of surprise them - I could see Blonde liked the idea, but Red didn't. Blonde, the true gentleman, said the two of us should just go ahead, and he'd see us the next day. I told him then point blank that he was getting fucked that very night. 

They offered me a white terry-cloth bath robe to cross the hall with Red, but I went naked. It was sweet the way he'd set up the room, bed turned back with a rose lying on the pillow, plus several vases with nice flowers and a bottle of champagne on ice. Red turned on some soft classical music and lit several candles. I pulled his body up to mine, kissed him, and then began unceremoniously stripping off his clothes. We both needed a shower, so I dragged him in. I was not surprised to see that he looked even better naked than he had in his clothes, and I soaped and explored every inch, as he reciprocated. He was really in-tune with me and even discovered my anal tick. Somehow I resisted fucking him right in the shower, and got him laid out on the bed where I licked and kissed his lovely package as a preliminary to taking his big cock in my mouth. Once I knew he was getting dangerously close to climax, I stopped to let him cool down a notch and slipped a condom on him. (I was proud of myself for having this restraint, as my bad-girl cunt really wanted this dick bareback.)

The romantic atmosphere just seemed most appropriate for missionary style, so that's what we did. Red was very skilled and quickly found my G-spot, driving me out of my mind by working me up near a climax before slowing -- over and over. He even slipped the tip of a finger into my clean well-lubricated asshole, slowly advancing it to a full finger as things got more serious.

(If only his wife would fall overboard, so I could have him).

After a nice little post-coital interlude and another naked dash across the hall to Blonde's shower, I was treated to an entirely different experience. Red had been a romantic -- Blonde was a fucker! His dick seemed small in comparison, but he did know what to do with it. We went soaking wet from the shower into a 69 on the bathroom floor, then somehow onto the bed where my ass was up in the air and he was licking my pussy from behind before switching to licking my asshole with two fingers in my cunt. That was a new one for me --God almighty! Once I got him suited up with a condom we went through three or four positions (everything but missionary). I came with each one until we both climaxed together, shouting shameful and irrational things. My upper back was on the bed, legs resting against his shoulders with my cunt wide open to his thrusts, and he was either standing or leaning against the bed with his knees. (I hated his wife, too.)

Afterwards we got a late dinner from room service, which the gents ate in their hotel bathrobes, while I stayed naked. I had begun to realize that the two were a bit queasy about being naked together. Too bad! I told them we would all be sleeping in one of the beds that night -- naked with me in the middle.

I slept soundly, but the few times when I did awake, I reached over and ran my fingers over one dick and then the other. From their responses, I knew I'd be able to get some more action in the morning.

In the morning I slipped into the bathroom for a secret enema before they woke up. Then we all showered together at my insistence while waiting for breakfast from room service. Once more they ate with their bathrobes on, but then I told them to strip and get back in bed with me for a threesome. I rubbed against both, turning around for contact with both sides, and fingered their cocks until both were erect and totally in my control. Condoms went on and I mounted Red, sliding him into my pussy and giving him a couple of thrusts, assigning Blonde (because of his smaller dick) to my back door. He lubricated my little asshole and run a finger then two in and out before slowly inserting his dick. I'd had dicks in my asshole a few times before, but two dicks at once was really a fulfilling (and tight) experience. I got them positioned then I started moving back and forth, gingerly at first, but soon I'd gotten accustomed to it, and just started going nuts. I came before them, but was able to keep going. Then Red came in my asshole -- I could tell from his groans and the deflation of his cock. Blonde came a few seconds later, and I joined him for a second bigger one, shrieking in pleasure. 

We lay there recovering and to my amazement and delight Blonde's unit started to come back to life, so I mounted him for another round while Red watched, more mellow than our first fuck, but totally nice. God -- I'd lost track of how many times I'd come in the lasts 12 hours, but I was planning on getting everything out of these guys I could. Leave those wives with a couple of limp dicks.

We decided to spend the day at the beach, where I was naked most of the day. There were a few topless ladies, not that many, but no one else was completely nude, which of course made it more fun and kept the guys on edge. Totally risky, but worth it.

That night I managed to get one each out of the guys, separate fucks just like the night before with spectacular performance on both sides, especially considering how much I'd already gotten out of them. Again Blonde was wilder and showed more endurance. Fucked me a second time on the balcony with me holding on to the railing as he thrust in from behind, involving the near certainly of being seen and the risk of consequences. 

The next morning Blonde was up for it again, but Red not so much, and my asshole was major sore, so Blonde penetrated my happy pussy from behind, taking his time and sending me to the stratosphere twice before he climaxed, while I gave Red a long, slow blow job, eventually getting him to come too.

After a nice breakfast at a beach restaurant I sent them off to their wives, hopefully totally depleted.

That night sitting in the bar remembering those two intense nights and practically coming just from the memories, I met these four nice guys who had just arrived in town for a conference.