 I had been surprised how soft his hands were as they ran over my stomach. For someone who did construction and landscaping it was odd. My late husband's hands had always been rough and callused when he was the grounds keeper, despite my forcing him to moisturize regularly, but Marcello's hands were as soft as one of my sisters.

Zara had surprised me with her offer to join them, but I was more than happy to accept. Her desire to play had run all over her desire to get pregnant first. When she caught up to us at the door, I was more than willing to accept the arm she put around me.

"Sorry I didn't think to ask you directly," she said as we got outside. "With the whole Master thing, I thought he would have to give you permission or something."

"It's alright; our relationship can be a bit confusing because there are so many variations. We would obey any order Master gave us, but it's not really in his nature to do so," I explained. "He prefers to let us have a lot more freedom in most aspects as long as we follow the few rules he has. That's why kitten was punished so severely. If she had just waited until they brought in their test results, she would have had permission to play with them."

"So playing with someone your Master has not approved is a bad idea, but once he has approved you have the freedom to play whenever you wish. I guess it makes sense that he want to make sure you are all safe when you play around," she replied as we followed Marcello through the door. "I would like to know what positions are comfortable for you before we start playing though. I imagine some positions are rather difficult to enjoy with the baby."

"That is about an understatement," I chuckled. "Pretty much anything where I am not flat on my back or trying to lay on my stomach is fine though. I prefer being taken from behind or being on top, but I can lie on my side if you would like me between the two of you."

"That might be fun for later, but I was kind of hoping for a position where I could taste you while my husband takes me," She said as we entered the bedroom. I was glad to see they had redecorated, but it was still harder that I thought it would be to be in here. The furniture was the same, and I couldn't keep the smile off my face or the tears from my eyes as I sat down on the bed. The room was full of happy memories, but it still brought back the pain of his death.

Zara had turned toward the vanity as soon as we entered to room and was peeling her clothes off, so Marcello was the first to notice my tears when he walked in. "Sonia, is everything okay? You don't have to stay if you're not comfortable being with us right now."

Zara turned and understanding flashed across her face. "Marcello, go take a shower and I will call you when we are ready. We need a little girl time."

He looked confused as he left and Zara came to sit next to me, putting her arms around me. "I'm sorry Sonia. You don't talk much about your past, and in my desire to get you into bed, I guess I forgot. This was your room before, wasn't it?"

I sniffed as the tears ran down my cheeks. "I actually got pregnant in this bed," I told her as a slight smile crossed my face. "He was a wonderful husband and I still miss him a lot. My love for Master and my sisters helped me get past the worst of it. Three months on a tropical island, surrounded by people that love you, really helps you get through the grieving process."

"I can't imagine being able to pull myself together so quickly if I lost Marcello," Zara replied quietly. "I didn't mean to bring back painful memories for you. Do you want to go? We can try to play together another day in the main house."

"Just hold me," I murmured as I turned to embrace her. "They are actually very happy memories if you want to know the truth. My husband was a very passionate man and we spent a lot of time in this room. I guess I was lucky in having other people to help me get through his death, but sometimes I will see something that triggers a strong memory."

I knew my husband would have wanted me to find love again. He had admitted that he was jealous of my love for Alonso in the beginning. After he came to work for Alonso, and got to know him better, he started to understand. At the end, he approved of me becoming Alonso's lover. It wasn't because Alonso was allowing us to play with his pets, but because he wanted to see me happy. I knew he was still watching over me and would approve of the choices I had made.

I sat in Zara's arms, sharing her comfort and warmth until Marcello finally came into the room. "Sorry, I don't mean to intrude, but I need to get a change of clothes. I will only be a moment."

He looked so cute, standing there in a towel. I reached back and patted the bed behind me. "Please, come join us. I'm the one who should be sorry; I kind of ruined the mood."

"You have nothing to apologize for Sonia. I didn't even realize it until I was in the shower, but your late husband was the grounds keeper. You lived here together, and being here probably stirred up old memories of him," Marcello said as he sat down behind me. "It was insensitive of us to ask you to join us here. We should have known it would be emotional for you."

"It was, but they were all good memories and emotions. I loved my husband dearly, and I do miss him, but I know he would approve of my new life," I said as I reached back. Pulling Marcello closer, I placed his hand on my stomach. "This baby was conceived in this room, in this very bed even. I want to watch you make love to your wife in the same bed my baby was conceived in. It's time to make some new memories in this room."

I leaned in and kissed Zara. It started of chaste, until I pulled her hand down to my breast and murmured 'please' against her lips. I ran my tongue lightly over her lips until they parted, allowing me access. As the kiss deepened and grew more passionate, her hand went from resting on my breast to caressing it. We spent several minutes kissing and caressing each other. Once her nipples were hard little rocks against my hands, and I could smell her arousal, I reached back to push Marcello's towel out of the way.

He had been gently caressing my stomach as he watched me make out with his wife, and his cock was hard and ready for more. I wrapped my hand around his cock and started stroking it, drawing a deep moan of pleasure from him. He wasn't as thick as Master, but the extra length would feel delightful sliding into my ass.

"I think he is ready for you. Can I watch him put a baby inside you now," I asked Zara between kisses. She nodded with her eyes full of desire again. Scooting over to lay back on the bed, she spread her legs wide for her husband. It was a beautiful sight, watching his cock slide over her tight lips before disappearing inside of her pussy.

I watched him slowly stroke into her for a few minutes. It was a gentle, loving encounter, as they kissed and caressed each other. Zara was the one who finally broke the spell when she noticed me watching. "Put my legs over your shoulders and pound me hard baby. I told Alonso that I was going to bury my face in her pussy while you pounded me, and I would hate to have lied to him. Sonia, come straddle my face so I can lick your beautiful pussy."

I crawled over hesitantly as they shifted. As big as I was, there was no easy way to support my stomach in that position. If I was facing her husband and leaned back I would suffocate her, but the other way ended up with me sitting on her chest and making it hard for her to breathe. She saw my hesitation and smiled.

"You're not that heavy, and I'm not that fragile sweetie. Lean back on my chest if you need to," she told me. "I can handle it. You wouldn't be the heaviest person I have had sitting on my chest for some oral attention."

The look she gave Marcello had him blushing and made me laugh as I moved over her. She pulled me down so most of my weight was resting on her upper chest and leaned her head forward, running her tongue up my slit. Her husband's steady pounding kept rocking me forward on her tongue, adding a thrusting motion to her delightful little swirling inside of me.

She took her time, avoiding my clit at first as she slowly built me up. I was enjoying her tongue and her constant moaning against my lips when I felt Marcello's hand start stroking my shoulders. I leaned back, putting my hands behind me on the bed and offering him access to more of my body. His eyes ran longingly over my stomach as his hand caressed my breast and gently teased the nipple.

"I appreciate the gentle touch, but I'm already warmed up and need a bit firmer hand now," I moaned. "Go ahead, squeeze them and pinch my nipples."

I wasn't sure if he was just naturally gentle, or if it was because I was pregnant, but his touch only got a bit firmer. My sisters were going to be a bit disappointed if he was this gentle with them. At least he wasn't afraid to pinch my nipples harder. Kiera had my sisters gnawing on them to help get me ready for breast-feeding and I loved the rougher play.

Marcello was panting and moaning behind me, while Zara was lightly flicking my clit, keeping me right on the edge of climax. I could tell he was getting close and figured she wanted me to cum when he did. I wasn't sure I could hold back with the attention he was paying to my nipple, but riding on the edge was always fun.

He let out a deep groan and Zara sucked my clit into her mouth. The sudden change triggered my climax and I moaned before my stomach suddenly tightened up. I popped up off Zara, holding my stomach with one hand as I braced myself against the wall with the other. Focusing on taking slow, deep breaths, I didn't notice Zara moving until she pressed up against my back and her hands were rubbing my stomach.

"Breathe Sonia, and relax," she murmured in my ear until the tightness passed. "I shouldn't have held you on the edge so long. An intense climax can sometimes trigger a contraction, even if you're not close to term."

"I know, it's not the first time it's happened, but this one hit a lot harder than my previous ones. My doctor warned me they would start to get stronger," I replied breathlessly. "That was just a lot stronger I anticipated. I'm sorry; I probably made Marcello cum all over the bed when you moved to help me."

"Nope, most of it is running down my thighs actually," she said with a laugh. "I will send him to grab some washcloths once he can move again."

"Don't you dare," I said, turning my head to look back at her. "I want to clean you up, both of you if that is okay. Just because I am not up for another climax is no reason for us to stop playing."

"Oh, I didn't plan on stopping, we were just going to move on to something more gentle," Zara told me. "My husband has been fantasizing about spooning up behind you and caressing your stomach all week, so we will let you clean us up if you really want to, then move on to that. When he starts poking you in the ass, you can decide if you feel up to trying more."

"Well I was planning to see if I could get you both off with my mouth, but that sounds fun to," I replied as I turned and pushed her down on the bed. Her husband's cum was running down her thighs, and I started working my way up as I cleaned her. He had an earthy, slightly bitter taste. I could tell he used to eat a lot of red meats, but they had been eating with us for a week and I knew it would change over time.

As I got further up her thigh, I found her juices were sweet and savory. The red meats must have been meals he ate when he was working, as she had no trace of the bitter flavor they would have given her. I had gathered from her comment that she was not completely comfortable with me cleaning them this way, so I finished the job quickly before moving over to take care of Marcello.

He tasted more of her, but I was expecting that. He also started to recover quite quickly as I took him in my mouth. He was fairly aroused by the time I finished and groaned as I let him slip out of my mouth. I stroked his full length a couple times before taking him back in my mouth and going all the way down, just to show I could.

"Don't get him too excited, he doesn't get blow jobs very often and he might go off fairly quickly," Zara said from behind me. "Especially if you get him that deep, I've never been very good at that."

I pulled off and looked back curiously. "I thought you said he sat on your chest for oral play?"

"He does, but not like that," she replied with a slight blush. "I don't really like the taste, so I usually lick and suck on his balls while stroking him. I rarely actually suck on his cock and he never cums in my mouth."

"You may want to try again after you get pregnant," I said as I crawled over and curled up next to her. "The lack of red meat in his diet will make that bitter taste go away in a few more weeks. Master has been on this kind of diet for years now, and his cum is sweet tasting. If you ever need advice on how to give better oral sex, you have several people who love to do it just across the yard who would be happy to help."

"See honey, one more reason you should quit cheating on your diet," Zara said as she shot a look over my shoulder. "Not only would it keep you from dying in your fifties from heart disease like your father, but I might start giving you more blow jobs. Maybe you should curl up behind your favorite pregnant lady and stroke her belly for a while, but remember how much you enjoyed having your cock in her mouth the next time you have a craving for pork."

"I'm sure it will be easier to avoid now that I am eating every meal here," he replied as he curled up against my back and started stroking my stomach. "It was just a bit difficult when I had to hit the deli for lunch on my way to a job site. The cured meats, they just called out for me to buy them."

"Then it should be much easier to avoid cheating on your diet now," Zara told him. "I'll even make you a deal. If you promise not to cheat on your diet, I will ask the girls to teach me how to give better head and I promise to give you a demonstration after we are sure I am pregnant. Maybe I can practice on Alonso. That way I wouldn't feel as bad about him being left out."

"You do know he was serious when he said he didn't mind waiting. Even if you decided to never crawl in bed with him, he wouldn't feel slighted," I told her. "I have heard him complain a few times about not having enough time to spend with all of his lovers. Not that I am trying to discourage you, I personally think he needs a half dozen more pets, so he can always have a hot, naked body pressed up against him."

"Oh, I know that. He has that perfect reverse seduction thing going on," Zara said with a laugh. "He doesn't even seem to realize it, but trying to discourage us while taking such good care of all of you actually makes us want him more. Maybe if he tried to get us into bed, it might work better to keep us out, but don't tell him I said that."

I smiled as I glanced back at Marcello. He had that enraptured look again as he gently caressed my stomach, but his cock had a mind of its own. "You're already poking me sweetie. If you want to take my ass you will have to slip my tail out, but you can have either entrance as long as you keep it slow and gentle for now."

He shifted a bit and I groaned lightly as I felt him slip into my pussy. He just sat inside of me while stroking my bump as I turned back to Zara. "I will be sure not to mention it to him. He had a bad run at love up until recently, and I think he is getting what he deserves now. He has always been a loving person and he should be surrounded by people who love him back. I am curious though, you not liking the taste of his cum, is that why you seemed so hesitant to let me clean you up after you had sex?"

She nodded hesitantly. "I didn't know how you would respond to the taste, and I didn't want to gross you out. I haven't let him cum in my mouth since before we were married for that reason. It may be getting better already, but I never knew diet affected how he tasted."

"It wasn't that bad, but I would have finished even if it was. Master refuses to use the term, but I agreed to be his slave. If he told me to give some random guy we saw on the street a blowjob and swallow, I would do it without asking why. I know he would never do that, but he has that power with all of us," I explained. "I do want to know if you're just going to watch now, or if you would like so shift around so I can taste you again."

"Maybe next time, but I am not planning on just watching either. I was going to scoot down and play with these some," she said as she stroked my breasts. "I have never seen any this large and had a chance to enjoy them. How much of this happened with your pregnancy?"

I chuckled as she scooted down and started lightly kissing my breasts. "Well, I was a D cup before I got pregnant, and have gone up to almost an F. Funny part is, I actually feel small compared to a couple of my sisters on the island. You should see Scarlett. She was a G cup before she got pregnant and has already jumped up two sizes. If Julien lets her breastfeed, she could go up another cup size. As much as he enjoys large breasts, he may actually agree to it."

"Yours are perfect sweetie," she replied as she caressed them. "I imagine getting much bigger would start to look a bit gross. There is such a thing as too big, at least in my opinion."

"I would agree with you if it were on me. I can probably handle going up one more cup size when my milk comes in, but I am hoping I don't. Any more breast on me would look too big for my body," I replied with a smirk. "Scarlett on the other hand, can pull it off because of her stature. She is like six-foot tall bare foot, and she always wears a four inch heel, so she towers over everyone. She looks like one of those fantasy warrior princesses, but she is a total sweetheart. I know you would just love her to death."

"I will take your word on that until I meet her," she replied between licks before glancing up at me. "You have me curious about something else though. Is my husband doing anything for you sweetie? He looks like he is about to explode, but you're not even breathing hard."

"He is not moving much, but he feels wonderful inside of me. I'm not sure I want to climax again, so his little movements are giving me a bit of an erotic buzz but not pushing me closer to that. I feel more loved than aroused right now," I explained. "As for him, well, I want to make sure he is enjoying the experience, so I have been rhythmically squeezing him the entire time he has been inside of me. I would be more than happy to have him climax inside of me; I just don't want to climax again. I do feel kind of bad about him wasting a load on me when you're trying to get pregnant though."

"You shouldn't, I'm not in the right part of my cycle, so the chance of me getting pregnant right now is pretty slim. We played around a bit before we got married, but you are the first playmate we have had since then. I want him to enjoy you, but I wish you could enjoy it more," she replied. "It seems a bit unfair that we are getting more out of our first time together than you are."

"I don't need to climax to enjoy our time together," I told her. "The two of you are making me feel very loved right now. That is worth a lot more to me than another climax at the moment. After the baby is born and I recover, we can enjoy a night of wild crazy sex with each other."

I could feel Marcello's cock swelling and twitching as my squeezing brought him closer. Looking back over my shoulder, I could see him grimacing as he tried to hold back the imminent explosion. "Come on baby, let go and fill me up. I want to feel your cock pulsing as you shoot a big load of cum in my hot, wet pussy."
