 The phone rang on Miriam's desk and she cursed the interruption to what had been a very productive first hour. She had come in early so she could get plenty done before the "always-ringing-monster" created the usual array of havoc creating problems.

"Miriam Porter," she answered.

"Good morning, Miriam," came the sweet sounding voice of the managing director's secretary.

"Oh, hi, Gabrielle. Good night last night?" Miriam asked referring to the dinner party Gabrielle had mentioned she was hosting the previous evening.

"The best, Miriam. Really wonderful, but that's not the reason why I'm ringing. The boss wants you up here right away."

Miriam's heart sank. So, had she been seen fucking in the warehouse? she wondered. "Trouble?"

"Sure, isn't it always. Something to do with the troublesome Johnson contract. He wants you and the report right now. In his words finished or not. He doesn't expect it to be finished yet - he told me that. And don't worry. Something has him smiling this morning, so I don't think that you're in any trouble."

That was a relief. It seemed that she'd gotten away with it so far. "Then I can put a bigger smile on his face. I finished the Johnson report about ten minutes ago. It's still only in draft form but I think he'll be happy with it."

"I can guarantee you'll put a smile on his face, Miriam," Gabrielle replied happily. "See you soon."

She gathered up her papers, sorted them and tossed them into their portfolio. She checked her appearance in the ladies room on the way to the lift. Not bad. An emerald green suit with a mischievously short skirt and a white silk blouse. Her long hair cascaded down below her shoulders. There were the inevitable stockings adorning her long legs and white high heeled shoes. Quite a sight, even if she thought so herself. It always paid to look your very best as a female executive. It was tough enough to succeed in business as a woman. Ability was only part of the story so you might as well make every post a winner and if your personal grooming gave you an edge then so be it.

Bob Seagram was a pleasant fellow in his mid forties whom she liked and admired. Gabrielle showed her into his office. Seagram sat on the lounge with her.

"Grab us both some coffee please, Gabrielle," he said as his pretty secretary left.

Gabrielle nodded, gave Miriam a wink and retired without a word.

"I gather you wanted to see me about the Johnson contract, Mr Seagram," Miriam offered.

"How's it going?"

"The draft is finished. I was reviewing it when Gabrielle rang me."

Seagram took the offered Johnson report from Miriam and set it down on the coffee table beside him. "Tell me, Miriam. Are you enjoying your work in Sales and Marketing?"

"Very much, Mr Seagram."

"Call me Bob please, Miriam. How long have you been with us now? Two years?"

"Nearly three," Miriam corrected him.

"And do you consider yourself a career woman?" he asked looking her straight in the eyes.

Miriam frowned. "If you mean, am I here for the long run, then the answer is yes," she replied almost indignantly. "Roger and I have no intentions of having more children."

"I'm sorry if that sounds condescending, Miriam, but I have a position here on the top floor and you may be just the person for the job. You certainly seem to have all of the qualifications for the position. There remain a couple of things which I want to clear up. One is your negotiation skills and, if all else goes well in our discussions here and I expect they will, I want you to negotiate the Johnson contract renewal personally. Should you get the contract the job will be yours. The other thing is that the new position will require frequent liaison with our warehouse staff. How well do you know them down there? I don't get down there very often."

Miriam blushed. "Er... Reasonably well, I guess. I don't spend a lot of time there either but I can usually get relationships to work."

"Yes. I did notice that yesterday." His face was serious.

"But... but I thought you didn't get down there too often."

"I don't," he confirmed not looking any less serious. "Yesterday afternoon was an exception. You were certainly on very good terms with the warehouse staff then."

"I'm not sure I can explain that... "

"I'm not sure that you need to. A woman of your considerable talents - business and otherwise - should be acknowledged."

"You're still prepared to consider me having seen that." It was more a question than a statement.

Seagram smiled. "You're very talented, Miriam. In return for occasional favours we could negotiate an exceptional package. Your position would be as my executive manager."

"What sort of favours, Bob?" she asked cautiously.

"Occasionally very personal," he began honestly. "More often, in fact usually, only business. It's not hard, Miriam. I'm not searching for a mistress."

Miriam got out of the lounge and went over to the window. She stared through the window for several minutes before she realised that her view was that of the warehouse below. It seemed funny that today's interview should have started down there. She spun around and faced him.

"I don't have a lot of choice, do I?"

"Not really," Seagram acknowledged. "The severance pay under the circumstances would be minimal. Then it's likely to be very difficult to get another job given the reasons for your termination here." He was silent for a moment.

Miriam turned back to the window allowing both of them to clarify their thoughts.

Seagram looked up at her silhouetted against the window. She was a very sexy woman. He was not surprised at what had happened the previous afternoon. His balls had been aching ever since and he'd been suffering from a perpetual erection which needed some attention. "What about a reasonable compromise?" he suggested. "Why don't you try it for a month subject to a successful conclusion to the Johnson contract? If you don't like the position we'll call it quits and I'll personally find you position with another company without a single reference to yesterday. If that's acceptable to you, you can start immediately."

Miriam turned back to him and found that Seagram had opened his trousers. In the opening stood a huge cock, long and thick and throbbing visibly like it had a life of its own.

"We could have a trial run now," he proposed. "A good head job and I'll guarantee you the best salary during the trial period. I haven't been able to get you out of my mind since yesterday. I'd just like my share of the action today."

Sighing deeply, Miriam began to open the jacket of her suit. She shrugged it off as she came over to him and knelt between his legs. Her skirt rode up almost the her arse revealing her stocking tops and upper thighs. As she reached for his huge shaft she could see that it was throbbing faster and that his eyes were on her long legs. Her hand only just stretched around the monster cock. It was hot, hard yet soft to the touch and had a power to it to which she was immediately drawn. Slowly her mouth opened and descended toward the head of the cock. She kissed the tip gently looking up at Seagram who nodded encouragingly. She kissed it again, less tentatively this time. Slowly she moved her lips over the head of his cock, bathing it with her saliva. Then she slid her lips back up the head and teased the tip with her tongue.

"Oooooo," Seagram breathed.

Now her head moved back down again, her tongue flicking over the head skilfully, the lips maintaining a light pressure as they moved over the helmet of his cock. Again and again she licked him and, just as she placed her mouth over him again, she heard the door open.

"Don't mind Gabrielle, Miriam. She knows the score here," Seagram explained.

She heard the rattle of cups behind her as the tray was placed on the coffee table. Then she felt the softness of Gabrielle's arm slide around her back causing her to hesitate.

"Don't stop on my account," the girl said softly in her ear. "He just loves to get his cock sucked."

Miriam went back down on the stiff cock, bobbing her head up and down over its length. The girl's hands grew bold as Miriam felt them caressing her arse before moving down her legs and up the inside of her thighs. The fingers continued up past the tops of her stockings coming to rest at the front of her brief panties. The lightness of Gabrielle's touch excited her further inspiring her to move her head faster up and down the cock.

"This is great cock sucking, Miriam." Bob Seagram's voice had a real quiver to it.

"Mmmmm," was all she could reply and all she needed to say.

Gabrielle's fingers probed her cunt through the filmy panties before they began to explore under the elastic lacing through the sparse blonde hair above her cunt. Then they probed lower along the cunt lips. Miriam raised her arse up away from her legs to allow the girl better access to her cunt. She'd never had a woman touch her before. There was something very exciting about it which stopped her thinking of it as a lesbian experience. The fingers stopped their exploration and pulled the panties down her thighs. Now Gabrielle moved behind her and opened her wet cunt lips.

Seagram's hips began to move and her head bobbed faster as Gabrielle's fingers penetrated her cunt. She could feel two fingers in her cunt and another, perhaps a thumb, searching for her clit. Miriam could taste the pre-cum as it oozed out of the end of the cock. It had a pleasant taste to it, not at all salty, and she looked forward to tasting the man's cum. Her mouth moved faster over the cock head and down over the shaft.

The fingers in her cunt had stopped their thrusting and she could feel Gabrielle's lips tracing sensuous lines along the sensitive flesh of her arse. The lips moved closer to her cunt, the girl's tongue occasionally snaking out and flicking at her skin. The kissing moved closer to her cunt and then the tongue flicked at the opening to her arse. She gasped around the cock in her mouth as the tongue moved over the tender skin of her butt opening. Now the tongue tried to penetrate her arse which had been lubricated by the girl's saliva. The feelings in her arse were something else as the girl teased the tiny nerve endings around her anal opening.

The cock in her mouth was moving faster and Bob's breath was coming in gasps as she felt the first telltale signs of his approaching orgasm. His cock twitched in her mouth and his hips lifted higher as he began to fuck her mouth. The twitching rapidly grew more intense and soon turned into contractions.

"Aaarrrgghhh. Fuck, ooohh fuck, I'm cumming."

The white hot cum raced up from his balls along his shaft flying out of his cock in a series of spurts. The first hit the back of Miriam's throat while the rest of the thick fluids jetted onto her tongue. She rolled her tongue over the spurting cock and simultaneously pumped at it with her hand.

"Mmmmmmm," she moaned around it. She wanted all of the cum that he could give her and there was plenty. She felt his cock stop pumping violently and lifted her head watching the last drops of cum rise out of the cock. She swallowed the cum in her mouth, washing it over her tongue, savouring the taste before she lashed out with her tongue and wiped the residual drops away.

"Fantastic, Miriam" Seagram said as he watched Miriam clean his cock off. He looked over catching the gleam of Gabrielle's eyes noting that there was more to come. Gabrielle pulled her tongue away from Miriam's arse and stood next to Seagram.

"Now it's our turn," she said hoarsely to Miriam as she deftly undid the buttons of her blouse. Instantly Gabrielle's tits fell out, full but not as big as Miriam's. The blouse fell to the floor followed by the skirt leaving Gabrielle standing there in white garterbelt, stockings and high heels. Her legs were long and slim though she was shorter than Miriam. Her hips were slim and her brown hair fell to her shoulders. Moving over to the lounge, she lay down on it.

"Come on, Miriam. Come and lick my cunt out."

Seagram watched as Miriam stood and stripped away her outer garments. His cock began to stir back to life as he looked upon her perfect body from a much closer distance than the previous day. She moved sensuously as she undressed and he grew more excited as she knelt before the open legs of his pretty secretary, bent and began to lick along Gabrielle's wetness.

"Mmmmm. Mmmmm, that feels so good," Gabrielle moaned as Miriam's tongue slipped between her cunt lips.

Seagram moved alongside Miriam and ran his hands over her back. His eyes never left the place where her lips worked away at Gabrielle's cunt - the most sensual of all kisses. After a while he moved his hands from her back to her stomach and then to her big breasts. He began to knead and pull at her tits.

Miriam's head lifted from Gabrielle's crotch. "Fuck my cunt, Bob. Just fuck me," she requested. She needed the ache in her cunt to be satisfied. Gabrielle had aroused her to fever pitch yet she had remained unsatisfied. Her arse tingled with the warm remembrance of Gabrielle's tongue fucking and she desperately needed release from the pent up sexual frustration.

Seagram moved around behind her and positioned his stiffened cock. After a couple of swipes along the open gash of her cunt he pushed forward into the warm and very wet cavern. He could see that Gabrielle's hands were at Miriam's head now pulling her face hard into her cunt, guiding her mouth over the cunt spread before her. He moved his hip forward and slid fully into Miriam's sopping cunt. He began his fucking slowly. This time he wanted it to last.

But Miriam had other ideas. She reached under him and pulled his dripping cock from her sodden cunt. She moved the cock higher and placed it along the crack between her arse cheeks.

"My arse, Bob. Fuck me in the arse."

His cock was amply greased by the wetness of her cunt juices so he pulled her cheeks apart and pushed forward into her arse. At first there was little progress but he knew that she would relax if her took his time. He wondered whether she had ever been fucked in the arse before. If so, she was certainly tight. If not, she seemed to be very willing and desirous of the experience. Taking his time he soon found that he was buried to the hilt in her tight arse hole. He waited, watching her eat out Gabrielle, watching Gabrielle's pretty face reflect the ecstasy she was experiencing. He listened to the sounds of their love making then he began his movements knowing that he would not endure this pleasure for long in the tightness of her arse.

Harder and harder he fucked her arse. He reached around and under her grabbing her tits and rubbing her nipples. Then, taking the fullness of her tits in his hands, he used them as handles to pull her back onto his cock, pinching the nipples as he did so. She cried out, not in pain but in pleasure. He couldn't tell if it was the cock ploughing her arse or the pleasure-pain in her nipples which had caused it. Relentlessly he fucked her, harder, constantly increasing his pace while he watched her licking and sucking between Gabrielle's spread legs. Gabrielle's face was a picture of immense and consuming lust. She was fingering her own nipples which were flush and erect on the breasts he knew so well. Gabrielle's head lowered as her hand cupped the under side of her breast and lifted it to her mouth. His excitement peaked as she sucked her own nipple. His cock swelled inside Miriam's arse and he started to cum.

Miriam moaned with pleasure and shook all over as her own climax matched his. She felt his cum released into her as burst after burst shot high into her anus. Some of it seeped back through the tight opening surrounding his pulsing shaft, where it bubbled out around his cock. But the slippery cum made it easy for him to fuck her even faster as he continued to pump his molten lust into her arse. She thought that he would never stop shooting his cum into her rear.

Then Gabrielle went over the top as well. As the girl's hips fucked into her face she reached under herself and stroked her own clit. The sensations rolled through her again. Through her tits, cunt, arse and clit she climaxed along with the others.