 Shrewdly, Miriam asked them to sign the contract before they went on to the restaurant. They happily agreed to her terms and signed them while Miriam dressed herself. She countersigned the documents and got the cabbie to sign as the witness.

"I sure can say that I was the witness," he said with a grin that brought laughter from everyone.

It was well after eight when they arrived at the restaurant. The five of them went in together. There was little point in leaving the cab driver out now. Business was concluded and he had been an integral part of their evening so far.

They were escorted to a booth at the far end of the place. The maitre d' told them that Gabrielle had specifically requested that table because they were to discuss business. Miriam slid into the booth first finishing up between Bill, the cab driver, and Matt. Dinner went along smoothly and pleasantly for about three hours with only Bill touching her. She allowed him to caress her legs with an occasional stroke of her swollen cunt lips. Miriam started to stroke his cock through his pants.

"Don't touch it," he told her quietly. "I'll cum." His perpetual erection had not gone away and he remained hopeful of a repeat performance of their earlier sex.

It was nearly midnight when they finally bundled themselves back into the cab. This time Richard sat in the front and they were no sooner moving than Miriam was pulling Matt's cock from his zip. Matt exchanged knowing glances with the others. Bill watched as much as he could in the rear view mirror as Miriam's head bobbed up and down over the head of the monster cock. Paul pulled her zip down so he could fondle her tits. She moaned over Matt's cock as Paul plucked at her nipples causing her to suck harder on Matt's huge shaft. His excitement rose as her tongue coaxed the tangy pre-cum to the top of his cock.

It wasn't long before Miriam felt his cock twitch, then jerk. Thick semen burst from the end of his cock in a wild series of spurts which splashed into her mouth and over her tongue. She ran her tongue under his cock teasing the sensitive underside. Soon her mouth was full of the cock and its cum. She swallowed the cum down before allowing the diminishing cock to fall from her mouth.

Now she turned to Paul who had taken his cock out and was pumping on it. His arousal was such that his strokes on it were already short and rapid. Her mouth lowered over it, her tongue pushing around it while he continued to jack off. Matt grabbed her tit and pinched the elongated nipple while Richard fingered the other from the front seat. Miriam moaned out her approval. Paul let go of his cock, his hips pushing it into her mouth as his breath came in gasps. His hands held the back of her head, his fingers entangled in her long trusses, while he fucked her in a frenzy of lust.

"Take it, Miriam," he heaved. "Oooooo, I'm cumming!"

Paul shoved his cock into the back of her mouth as the first of his cum jetted down her throat. Miriam forced her head back a little against his hands and savoured the flavour of the rest of his cum. Soon, he too was finished.

Bill stopped the cab allowing Richard into the rear seat. Miriam had his cock in her mouth before Bill had started the car moving again. Bill and Richard watched from the front as Miriam's head moved up and down rapidly on Richard's cock. Paul played with her tits again while Matt reached over and spread her thighs apart and pushed two fingers up into her cunt.

"Aaaarrgghh!" she cried as his thumb stroked her clit and his fingers pumped in and out. Paul pulled the front of her dress open exposing all of her to them again and giving all of them access to all of her. He left one hand at her tits while the other pushed its middle finger deep into her arse.

Miriam went tumbling over into an intense orgasm while Richard began to fuck her mouth. When her passion subsided, the insistent hands left her impassioned body and Richard -pulled his quaking cock out of her still sucking mouth. She was pushed back in the seat. Paul's hands pulled the dress from her and tossed it into the front as Richard loomed over her, cock in hand. She watched, fascinated, as he wanked on it furiously. The cum flew explosively from his cock and landed in copious amounts on her tits. Ropes of the stuff layered up on the soft, gently swaying flesh of her breasts. One thick spurt jetted out over both breasts, strung across the tit valley like a rope bridge. The thick white cum hung there, precariously moving in rhythm with the movements of the car. More cum jetted out and he aimed the rest over her right breast which soon shone wetly in the bright street lights.

The car came to a halt under the porte cochere of the Regent Hotel. Paul and Richard kissed her cheeks and Matt stroked her arm.

"Better take her home, Bill," Matt suggested before he got out.

Bill nodded and turned around. Miriam's near naked body was fully exposed under the bright lights of the hotels entrance. Her eyes were glazed over with lust as she sat there slumped in the seat. There was a line of cum dribbling down her chin and the cum on her perfect tits was still thick and mostly white. Her open cunt was just as exposed and he could clearly see the wet, red and puffy lips.

As he turned back to the wheel he noticed that people were looking into the back of the cab. Some were clearly shocked. Bill accelerated away into the traffic.

"Now your turn, Tiger Bill," she said dreamily from the back. "You deserve a good fuck."

"You're a great fuck, Miriam," he replied as he turned into the same back alley they had used earlier in the night. He got his trousers off and got into the back seat with her.

"Where are you going to stick your cock?" she asked quietly. "You can do anything with me that your heart desires."

He eased her down along the length of the seat and climbed between her legs. He slid his cock between the slick lips of her cunt and deep into her. He was filled with a lust which had built up all night as he had watched the others fuck her repeatedly. Now he had her to himself and, as it had cost him most of a day's work, he was going to enjoy this to the fullest. His mouth descended onto the wet tits in front of him and he liked at the nipple not caring about the wet cum. The taste was strange at first but soon he was sucking and licking with relish, enjoying the tartness of the cum on his tongue.

"Ooooh, yes," she sighed as he bit into her nipple gently.

"Fuck! I'm cumming!" he complained as his cock shot its contents deep into her cunt sheath. His body shook as his cock, still reaming in and out, bucked and spurted uncontrollably inside her.

"Fill my cunt with your hot cum, Tiger," she sighed as he fucked her madly. Miriam shuddered as a short orgasm began and raced through her body momentarily.

Now, having cum, he dragged his still rampant cock from her sopping cunt and climbed up over her heaving chest. Placing his gleaming, still contracting cock between her big tits, he scooped up the wet, sticky tit flesh and buried his cock in the warm, wet tit valley.

This is effortless, Miriam thought, laying back to enjoy the pleasurable feelings of being tit fucked. She reached up and replaced his hands around her tits allowing him more freedom to fuck her breasts with longer, harder strokes.

Bill was aware that a car had entered the alley behind the cab, switched off its lights and glided silently to a halt. For a few minutes everything in the car remained still. Unless it was an unmarked police car he seemed safe enough. Miriam seemed unaware of it and he had no intention of stopping the fucking of this slut's beautiful tits unless she became distressed. Then the driver's door opened and a man stepped out. He came to the cab and peered inside. Bill kept thrusting his cock into her tit tunnel. In the bright moonlight he would have little difficulty seeing the woman having her tits fucked. After a few moments he moved back to his car while Bill reached over and felt for Miriam's cunt gash. He stroked the length of her dripping cunt lips several times before seeking out the hard bud of her clit. Miriam shook and moaned as he touched it and she continued to whimper quietly as he massaged it.

Suddenly he heard the sound of footsteps approaching. He looked over his shoulder. A man's head appeared through the open door as the man's finger lifted to his mouth.

"Sssh," the man hissed at him.

Bill looked back at Miriam. She seemed oblivious to the presence of the man. He increased the pace of his tit fucking as he felt the man’s weight move the cab slightly. Bill felt the man’s cock brush his hand so he grabbed it and pulled it to the entrance of Miriam’s cunt.

“Who -?”

“Ssshh, it’s okay,” Bill assured her. He felt the man pushing into her and pulled his hand away from the hot cock shaft as Miriam drew air in audibly. It was as the man began to move forcefully into her cunt that he noticed another man coming around to the door in front of him. Even in the semi-darkness it was obvious that he had no trousers on. His long cock stuck out into the night air like a horizontal flagpole. The man opened the door and, as Miriam looked to see what was happening, he shoved his cock onto her lips.

“Get this beauty into your mouth, cunt!” the man said firmly but with no apparent malice. “Suck on the fucker like your life depends on it.”

Miriam opened her mouth obediently and took the cock inside. Her tongue curled around it as she felt the tremors of a climax begin in her cunt. The cock began to piston in and out of her mouth as she ran her tongue over its length.

“Tight cunt, is it?” the man asked his friend.

“Dunno,” came the reply from behind Bill. “It’s firm but she musta fucked earlier tonight. Her cunt’s fulla fresh fuckin’ cum.”

“Gives good fuckin’ head,” the first man commented happily.

It was exciting to be fucked by unknown cocks again, she thought. It was the first time since the warehouse that she had not known who had been fucking her but, like that time, she really didn’t care. Her approaching orgasm was sending sparks of pleasure all over her. He cunt spasmed around the cock as it shoved harder into her. Her body began to shake with the euphoria of the feelings which flowed inside her.

Bill’s cock ploughed faster into her tit valley while the two cocks pounded into her from opposite ends. There was nothing gentle about the two men. They wanted their kicks and they cared nothing about hers. But in spite of their lack of care, she was getting off and deriving great pleasure from her sluttish behaviour. Bill began to breathe heavily. He groaned before his cum gushed out over her tits and neck. He left his cock between her tits as more of his cock cream spilled out. He used his cum as a lubricant allowing his spasming cock to pump smoothly in her tit tunnel.

The man with his cock in her mouth watched the spurting cock between her generous tits and the white ribbons of cum which interlaced across her tits and chest. He shuddered, his cock twitching and beginning to jerk between her lips. He pulled back and took his cock in his hand.

Miriam watched the cum burst from his cock. She felt the hot liquid splatter over her tits mixing with Bill’s white sperm. The next streamer flew into her face, along her cheek and into her right eye. She closed her eyes as even more cum rained down on her from his cock. She opened her mouth but only a few drops fell inside. She felt the rest fall on her cheeks, nose and forehead.

The man pumped his cock several times more and squeezed the last remaining drops of cum. With relish, he watched them fall onto her face before he backed out of the cab and pulled up his trousers prior to moving away toward the other car.

Bill’s cock remained hard even though he had just cum. He had never seen anything so fucking horny. Miriam had fucked earlier but these two were total strangers. The throbbing in his cock was so great he thought it might explode. Miriam moaned under him and he moved off her to one side. She looked as though she might be cumming again. Her eyes were still closed. Bill looked over his shoulder at the man still fucking her cunt. He seemed to be approaching his orgasm.

He turned back to Miriam. He felt great affection for her. He bent and kissed her through the wetness of the man’s warm cum. She responded, returning his passion before he began to lick the thick wads of cum from her face. When he got back to her mouth she responded again kissing him passionately while the man in her cunt began to jerk into her wildly. They continued to kiss as the man pulled his cock from her cunt and shot his first spurt all over her stomach and cunt hair. Bill watched as the next spurt shot high up onto the slopes of her left tit. Successive spurts landed on her stomach and pooled in her navel. Again and again the cum shot out of his cock raining down on her skin as the man’s lust was released. The force of the spraying cum subsided and the last spurts landed on and around her cunt lips.

They kissed again as the man pulled away and stood up. He hitched up his pants as he turned his head from her. “I told you it was the same fucking slut we saw here earlier. Want another go at her?” The answer must have been negative as the man zipped up and moved back to the car.

Miriam and Bill stopped their kissing. His mouth moved down over her body indiscriminantly licking up the cum as it went. He stopped and sucked at the impassioned points of her tits. The hard nipples seemed incredibly long and hot in his mouth. Then his lips and tongue continued n their travels down her body alternatively exciting her and cleaning the cum from her tingling skin. When he reached her navel he stopped to suck the cum from it. Like the other man’s it was still warm and thick. Then he moved on stopping only when he reached her dripping cunt. He lapped at her cunt until she shuddered into another gigantic climax. He slipped over her and slid his rampant cock into her. She responded, kissing him again and again as his cock slipped into her and he began to fuck her gently. Miriam ground her hips up into him as his cock moved in and out of her well used cunt. As the pace of their fucking slowly increased, he bent his head to her tits and licked her nipples.

Miriam sighed and gathered her tit flesh in her hands pushing it towards his face. “Suck my tits, Tiger,” she begged him.

Bill sucked at her nipples and smiled inwardly as her sighs turned to moans.

“Oooooh,” she moaned loudly. “Mmmmm, aaaaah, mmmmmm. That feels sooooo gooood!” Her hips heaved up against him.

Miriam’s responses spurred Bill on to greater levels of activity. His movements grew stronger and less gentle. Not that he was brutal in any way. He was just becoming wild in his lust for her and it drove him into frantic and enamoured animation.

“Bill?” she sighed in his ear.

“Yes, Miriam?” he answered without stopping his movements.

“I want you to turn me over and fuck my arse.”

He pulled back from her and looked at her pretty face in the moonlight. “Are you sure that’s what you want? It’s been a heavy night for you.”

“Oh, yes. I love the feel of a big cock up my arse. Anyway, you can still reach my tits while you fuck my butt.”

Bill slipped from her cunt and she got out of the cab. She bent over holding the top of the door opening as he placed his cock at her anal entrance. He began to push into her rear using the cunt juices on his cock as lubricant. She relaxed and moments later he was buried eight inches deep in her shit chute. As he increased the pace of his fucking his movements became quite frenzied. He reached for her wobbling tits and pulled hard on her long stiff nipples.

“Aaaarrggghhh

Soon he drew near to his climax and, as his cock movements became jerky, his breath came in raspy grunts. The end for him was closer now and he jabbed into her arse in short strokes.

“Come on, Bill,” she encouraged him shaking her arse around. “Fuck it!  Fuck my arse harder. Yes! Yessss! Cum in my arse!” Miriam shuddered into her next orgasm.

As did Bill with her.

“Aaaaarr, aaaaaaaaarrrggghhh! I’m cumming!” he cried out as the white cream spat from his cock into her arse. Stream after stream of molten cum exploded into her anal cavity. He furiously pounded her arse with his hips and groaned as more of his hot cum spurted into her behind. The white fluid bubbled out around the base of his cock and he kept pounding into her until he could no longer do so.

Bill collapsed on top of her exhausted. His throbbing cock was still buried deep within her bowels but she didn’t care as she drifted off into the exhausted sleep that only the sexually sated can have. They slept, still coupled together, until the cold of the early morning awoke them.