 "Next Thursday at two o'clock will be perfect...Thank you so much, I will see you then," I said as I hung up the phone and leaned over to put it back on the nightstand. I looked down at my husband who was still dutifully lapping away at my pussy and smiled.

"You gave me a nice cum before the phone rang, slave," I said as I pulled up a bit. "What I want to know is did you get all the nasty cum you pumped into my perfect little pussy out while you were doing it?"

"Yes Mistress, your perfect pussy is fresh and clean again," he replied as I scooted down his chest and started licking my juices off his face. There was a hint of his cum as well, but I didn't mind the taste anymore.

"You're such a good little slave boy," I told him as I reached down to stroke his cock. Despite having cum in me not fifteen minutes before, he was already rock hard again. He really got off on being dominated, even more so than his fixation on pregnant women.

When we got home from the hospital after Sonia had her baby, I told him all about the deal I had made with Alonso, and asked if he would be fine with Marian or Sonia dominating him on occasion. He had surprised me by offering me the same deal. He would do anything that Sonia, Marian or I asked during a play session, and we would talk about it after to avoid things he didn't like doing.

It was an even bigger surprise when I told him to lick his cum out of my pussy and he had admitted he liked doing it. I had him tied to the bed and had ridden him to a very enjoyable climax, then sat on his face so he could clean me up when the phone rang.

"That call was Dr. Perelli's office. I did tell you that Alonso put us on his private insurance and insisted we use the same private doctors his pets do, because we get better care with them, didn't I? Anyway, that was the doctor calling back with the results of my lab tests," I said as I continued to slowly stroke him. "The good news is that I am pregnant, the bad news is you didn't hold back when Gianna was sucking your cock, so I don't get to give you a blowjob now. I am feeling generous though, because I am so happy about the news."

"Since I will be giving myself to Alonso after dinner, you can pick one of the girls to enjoy by yourself tonight," I told him. "Of course, they won't be allowed to give you any oral sex still, and you have to follow any rules they have. Sonia is obviously off limits because she just had her baby, and if you ask Vivi, it's anal sex only, but the choice is yours on who you invite. Oh, you can drop scene now and I will untie you."

"Thanks honey, that was amazing as always," he said as I unlatched the restraints from his wrists. I couldn't help but smile as I took them off him. The entire restraint system on our bed was a gift from Marian. As soon as we got back from the hospital on Tuesday night, she had taken me to her room and dug them out of her closet for me. They were her old set, and too small for their new bed, but were perfect for mine. They were also far nicer then the rope I had used the first few times I tied my husband up.

"Do we have time for a quickie," he asked once he was released. "Being tied up and cleaning you out like that really gets me worked up."

I glanced over at the clock and shook my head. "Sorry, I have to go get dinner started if I want to get it on the table by five. You know how Alonso is about meals being on time, and I would hate for him to have to spank me my first night with him. Well, I would probably love it actually, but I don't want to mix business and pleasure. You might want to take a cold shower and save it for whomever you ask to spend the night. This is a one night exclusion from your punishment, so you better take full advantage of it."

"Unless of course you decide to punish me another way after your first couple sessions with Alonso," he asked. "I already said I would agree to it if you wanted to go that far."

"I know, but Marian made it clear that a punishment like that could be dangerous if you don't have the experience," I replied. "She isn't comfortable doing anything past light spanking, and I barely have any experience with even that. Alonso is the only person who we would feel comfortable allowing to give out that kind of punishment and I don't know if he would agree to that. I will try to ask him about it tonight, but I need to get moving so I can get dinner started."

As my husband slipped out of bed to shower, I just grabbed my clothes from earlier. Alonso made it clear that our first play session would start with him giving me a shower. I wasn't sure what that entailed, but from his pets' smiles when he said it, I knew it had to be fun.

I was glad I had decided to make something simple tonight, as my excitement at finally getting to play with Alonso was a bit distracting. I had no idea what was going to happen tonight, but I was excited anyway. I just hoped he would agree to punish Marcello for me as well, because I felt bad about the punishment I had given him. Taking care of him with a sore ass for a couple days had to be easier than being guilty over not letting him play for the next month.

Remembering his words from the other morning, I dropped my clothes in the hamper and slipped on my robe. He said I was too tempting in this the other morning at breakfast, and with my pregnancy confirmed, he didn't have to resist anymore. I did slip on a red lace shelf bra to accentuate my breasts and the matching thong panty that slipped between my lips more than covered them. Alonso was sure to appreciate them when he opened the robe.

Slipping on a pair of heals to accentuate my legs; I glanced at the full-length mirror and smiled. Sonia had convinced me to join in their daily yoga sessions, and it was already starting to show. I had always been skinny, but I never had any real muscle tone until now. That little bit of definition made me look far sexier than I had a month ago.

Pouring the ingredients for my sauce in the pot, I set it to cook and started the water heating for my noodles. Cleaning the shrimp was the most time consuming part of dinner, but I could do it while everything else was cooking because it only took a few minutes to sear them. Once I finished cleaning the shrimp, I put the bread sticks in the oven, glad I had spent yesterday prepping all the pasta and bread sticks I would need for the next few days.

I had found my new family loved the homemade pasta and fresh baked breads, so I spent a couple hours every few days and made up batches to keep in the walk in cooler. It was hard to believe I had come to think of them as family already instead of just my employers. Checking the sauce, I found it coming along nicely and dropped the pasta in to cook as I started searing the shrimp.

It was almost done when I heard the voice I had been anticipating from across the room. "Something smells delectable, and looks delectable I might add. Are you trying to tease me again my dear? I recall telling you how tempting you look in that robe."

"No teasing intended Master," I replied with a grin over my shoulder. "I got the call with my confirmation right before I started cooking dinner, and wanted to look tempting. I'm all yours tonight and up for whatever you wished to do with me. You could start exploring now, but dinner is almost ready and it might burn if you distracted me too much."

I saw his smile and he leaned down to talk to Kiera as I turned back to the cooking. Putting the shrimp on the back burner, I drained the pasta and pulled the bread sticks out of the oven. By the time I finished plating, everyone was at the table and ready to eat. As I was handing out plates, Kiera walked back in and put a gift box next to my seat before coming over to me.

"After dinner, when you are ready to start playing, open it and hand what is inside to Master," She said quietly before going back to kneel next to Alonso. I was curious, but got everyone their plates before sitting down to look at the box. I saw the girls fingering their collars as they looked at the box and realized mine must be inside. Alonso had said he was going to collar me for our play sessions, but I didn't think he would be getting me my own collar.

I finally understood why his pets claimed dinner lasted too long. My anticipation of tonight made the hour seem to drag on and I was champing at the bit to open my gift by the time he finally set his silverware down.

"I know you have been waiting for me my dear, but eating too fast gives me horrid indigestion and we wouldn't be able to have any fun," he said as he took Kiera and Felicia's plates, putting them on the table in front of him. "You can go ahead and open your present now if you are ready."

As I opened the box, Ari moved over to sit in my husband's lap. She had asked at the beginning of dinner if she was allowed to spend the night with him after he invited her. When I told her he was allowed to play but she still couldn't use her mouth on him, she just smiled and nodded. I wasn't surprised by his choice of partners. Marian had made it clear she would only play with him if I was there, and Ari's tiny body was just starting to show her pregnancy.

I couldn't stop the gasp as I saw what was inside the box. The black leather collar had a single sapphire in the center that probably cost more than the diamond on my engagement ring. It was nowhere near as expensive as the diamonds and rubies on his other pets' collars, but it was still far too much. "Alonso, I can't accept this. It's far too expensive."

"You can and you will accept it," Marcello told me. "Alonso told me what he wanted to get us and I approved it."

"But...Wait...Us," I asked in confusion. "What do you mean us?"

"Your husband needs a proper collar if he is going to be our pet," Marian said as she set a second box on the table and opened it. The emerald cut sapphire was a match to the one on my collar. "They were a matched set because Alonso wanted to signify your bond. He won't put your husband's collar on of course, but he gave me that task if you're okay with it."

"If it helps, you can think of them as a Christmas bonus...in July," Alonso said with a smirk. "You don't have to accept them of course, but I can't return them because they were special orders."

"You better accept it," Gianna grumped quietly. "I can't even have mine for another three weeks." I glanced over in time to catch Vivi nodding in agreement before catching herself and blushing.

I heard Alonso laugh and looked over as he nodded to Felicia. Her smile could have lit up the room as she put two more collars with diamonds set in them on the table. "You have both made your intentions fairly clear. You can both have them if you are sure it's what you want."

They both looked stunned as Kiera got up, but Gianna was on her knees next to Alonso seconds later and Vivi only took longer because she had to remove her dress. They glanced at each other and smiled before looking up at Alonso. "Please Master, will you properly collar us and make us your pets?"

The hope in their eyes was beautiful as he picked up their collars. "I have one last question for each of you before I will allow you to ask that. You may repeat the question as your answer, but I want to make it clear to both of you. Gianna, Sonia intends to get pregnant again as soon as possible, but after her and Kiera get close to term, I intend to take you off birth control and impregnate you. Do you still wish to become my pet?"

I think Gianna's eyes lit up even more as she nodded. "May I please have my collar now Master?"

He slipped off the plain leather collar she was wearing and replaced it with her new one. The twinkling of the diamond was still outdone by the light in her eyes as he turned to Vivianna. "Vivianna, I understand you don't wish to use any birth control, but I don't intend to let you have a dozen children. After your first pregnancy, you will be getting an implant to keep you from getting pregnant again. Will that be a problem for you?"

"No Master, I would prefer you just use my ass during my most fertile days to reduce the chance of getting me pregnant again, but I will go on birth control if you insist," Vivianna replied. "I am giving myself to you completely, without any reservations on my part. May I please have my collar now?"

As he put the collar around her neck, I looked at Marian. "Would you please put my husband's collar on? I still think they are too extravagant, but if Alonso wants us to have them, I won't argue anymore."

Gianna and Vivi got up to let me kneel next to Alonso. I couldn't help but smile as I handed him the collar. "Thank you for the gift Master, will you please put it on me?"

"Any time you are wearing this collar I will treat you as one of my pets, so don't wear it unless you wish to play," he said as he put my collar on. "If you still wish to play after your baby is born, and you don't wish to get pregnant, you will need something more reliable than a diaphragm for birth control."

"I planned to get the implant after the baby is born," I told him. "We had talked about getting my tubes tied, but we may want a second child five years from now and I want to leave the option open. The implant is the best choice as I fully intend to keep playing with you."

He nodded before looking over at my husband and Ari. "Behave yourself tonight my beautiful lily flower and have fun. He only gets one night to play, so make sure you both enjoy it. Marian, did you want any of the girls to join you this evening?"

"I think I will enjoy a night alone with my husband actually," she replied with a glance at Jaden. "It's been a while since it was just the two of us in bed together. As much as we both enjoy having someone else with us, a little one on one time might be a nice change of pace."

"I understand completely my dear," He told her as he looked around the table. "All right my pets, I have told you what I had planned for Zara's first night with us. I am going to take her in and give her a shower. I want you to get everything else setup for her."

Their grins had me a little worried, but I knew it would be a night to remember. As he helped me up, I reached for the tie on my robe. His hands stopped me before I could take it off though. "Not yet my dear, I want to unwrap my present when we get upstairs."

I could see the excitement in his eyes, but he was far more patient than I was. His girls had made it clear that he enjoyed driving them up the walls with desire on occasion, and I imagined I was about to experience it. The girls rushed ahead as he led me up to the room, but Sonia walked with us carrying Nicolina.

Kiera stopping us at the door with her hands out surprised me. "Are you sure," Sonia asked. "I can't even join in really, so you should enjoy yourself."

"We had a deal remember, as soon as your milk dropped we would start trading off," Kiera said. "I can tell by the extra boob that it has, so it's your turn to play while I watch her. Your sisters all know it is external stimulation only, so go enjoy yourself and I will bring her in after her feeding to sleep in the bassinet."

"She should be okay for another hour or so," Sonia said as she let Kiera take Nicolina. "I fed her just before dinner time and changed her, but if you need me, don't hesitate to come get me. "

"Sonia, she will be fine. You haven't been away from her for longer than you need to shower since she was born. You need a little down time," Kiera told her indulgently. "I swear to god that if you get out of bed tonight without me asking for help, I will beg Master to take the strap to your ass. Now go relax and have a little you time."

"I will have kitten come in when we are ready for bed," Alonso told her as he patted Sonia's ass and sent her into the Master bedroom. "Nicolina probably won't eat enough to keep you from getting sore, so let kitten know if you need her to help take some of the pressure off."

"Don't worry Master, Vivi and Gianna drained me after yoga. With the baby feeding every three hours or so, I won't build up enough to get sore before morning," Kiera replied. "If she is eating less than I anticipate, Kitten is already expecting I will wake her to help. Go enjoy your new pet. We have it all worked out."

Alonso leaned in to kiss her and the baby before taking me into the bedroom. All the girls were kneeling on the floor at the foot of the bed, and Alonso stopped me in front of them. His hands were on the tie of my robe as he stepped in to kiss me.

"Time to unwrap my present," he murmured against my lips as he pulled the robe open. I posed a bit as it slipped off my shoulders and could see the appreciation in his eyes as they drank in my body. "That is a gorgeous look for you my dear. You will not be allowed to wear anything more than that with your collar in the future. Now, let's finish unwrapping you so we can get you in the shower."

He deftly unhooked my bra, letting to fall as he knelt to slip my panties off. They were soaked with my arousal and I saw his smile as he removed them. He looked back at his pets as he led me to the bathroom. "Make sure everything is ready for when we are finished."

"You need to try emptying your bladder before we start, because you will be bound for a while after your shower," he said as he slipped out of his clothes. "When you are finished, place your collar on the counter and step into the shower with me."

His command was almost enough to make me panic. I never allowed husband in the bathroom when I was using it. He saw my hesitation and stepped into the shower to allow me some privacy, but it still took a minute for me to relax enough to go. Once I finished and cleaned up, I set my collar on the counter, staring at the sapphire for a moment before I turned and got in the shower.

"I see the other's using the restroom all the time my dear," he told me as I stepped into his arms. "With several people sharing, getting any privacy in here is a rare thing. After a while, you get used to it, but if it's going to be a problem you need to tell me."

"It's just a little embarrassing," I replied quietly. "I've never had to do that with anyone in the room before."

"Kitten felt the same way when we first got her litter box," he chuckled. "She got over it fairly quickly, and won't even use the bathroom unless she has to now. Watching her will actually help you get past the embarrassment quicker. She is a bit of an exhibitionist."

"I will try, but I can't see how she wouldn't be embarrassed with people watching her pee," I told him. "So, are we starting off with sex in the shower? I can't remember the last time I did that."

"No, I'm going to give you a shower. I believe Kiera mentioned I enjoy washing them in the morning," he reminded me. "It's as much for my pleasure as yours, but there will be no penetration. Now close your eyes so I can wash your hair."

Sonia's pleasure in the hospital tub became clear as he started washing my hair. He had a skilled touch that melted away my tension as he washed me. My level of arousal had plummeted at his command to use the bathroom, but his gentle, firm massage was quickly bringing it back.

"Turn and put our hands on the wall for balance. Keep them there until I tell you that you can move them." He turned with me, staying behind me as he worked down my legs and started on my feet. I couldn't believe how hot his touch was making me, and I was panting with arousal as he started up the front of my legs.

I could feel his hard cock against my ass when he stood and started to reach for it. The quick slap to my ass and reminder to keep my hands on the wall just aroused me more. I trapped his cock between my cheeks and ground into him as he washed my stomach and breasts.

"Hold still and let it build my pet," he murmured against my neck. "You gave yourself to me, and will cum when I want you to."
