 Kara slid the glass shower door aside and twisted the hot water knob, holding her hand under the running water until the temperature met her needs and slowly arose, feeling the sweet touch of Amalie's hand on her back. It felt so natural to gather her into her arms and kiss her, her lips moving gently against hers. As the question arose in her mind, she gave a voice to it, murmuring against Amalie's lips, "Why does this feel so right?"

"Because your heart knows what it wants, even if you do not."

She took the words in and turned back to the shower, evening the heat with cold and switching on the shower, stepped in and moved under the jets. The water sluiced over her body, between her 34Cs and down between her sticky thighs and she sighed in appreciation, then sighed again as Amalie's hands cupped her heavy breasts, slightly rolling the nipples.

"You have such a beautiful body, Kara." Amalie's kind words seemed to have the opposite effect on Kara and she moved out of Amalie's reach, turning to face her. "What's wrong?"

"I hate hearing that."

"Why? It's the truth."

"Because every sodding man that I've dated has said the same thing."

"But I'm not them, Kara."

"I'm well aware of that, Amalie." She reached out and stroked her cheek. "It's just ... "

"Hard to trust people?" The black woman moved closer, rubbing her nipples against Kara's and looking up into her wide eyes. "Hard to know what the person wants from you?"

"Yes." Kara almost sobbed, trying to ignore her questions and instead concentrate on the sensations produced by her touch. "Too hard."

"Is that what happened with Sheldon? Did you give him too much too fast?"

The reality of Amalie's words brought Kara hurtling back to real life and she pushed the young woman back, staring at her as if she was a diviner of the psychic realm. "How ... how could you know ... "

"I didn't, dear Kara." Amalie moved under the pounding jets of water, grabbing Kara's arms and pulling her back to the rear of the tub, away from the water. "I guessed. Maybe that was what I sensed that made me want you so much. Kara, Donovan and I have been looking for a partner, a permanent partner, to add to our family. We've been together for almost three years and we wanted to find someone that could fit into our lifestyle ... "

"Amalie ... "

"I know what you're thinking. We're not whores. We don't do this sort of thing very often but ... there was something about you that spoke to us ... " Amalie touched Kara's cheek, letting her hand slide down to her breast and gave it a passion-filled squeeze. "I want to make love to you again and again. I don't want to leave here and possibly not see you again."

"Why would you not see me again?"

"Embarrassment." Donovan answered, entering the shower and moving behind Kara. "You'd realize after we left that you'd be too embarrassed to see us again. Embarrassed that we were so intimate with you and that maybe, your secrets would get out. Embarrassed that you'd let yourself go so much that you'd lost who you were."

Kara slumped against the cold tiles, her thoughts scattered. "Please ... "

"No." Amalie pressed soft kisses along the moist line of Kara's jaw, crossing her throat and then bending to suck on one of her nipples. "You belong with us. Donovan has a big house and there's plenty of room ... "

"I don't want to be part of a trio. I don't want to be a third wheel."

"You won't be a third wheel." Amalie slowly slid to her knees, pressing kisses along Kara's stomach and thighs. Her gentle push set her back against the wall and she spent long moments licking the insides of Kara's thighs, angling upward toward her pussy. She gave it a tender kiss, making sure to slip her tongue inside the thick lips. "If anything, Donovan will be the third wheel."

Kara shuddered, grabbing onto the shower rack to steady herself. "I thought he was your boyfriend."

"He is, but I can't help it if I want you more." Amalie sucked Kara's puffy clit between her lips, flicking her tongue against it and making Kara cry out in pleasure while Donovan played with her breasts. "He is my partner and I want you to be my partner, also."

Kara heard the woman's words but her mind was wrapped around Amalie's lips, shivering as an orgasm quickly overpowered her and threatened to drive her to her knees. "I can't."

"Then you wish to remain alone?"

Alone. That was a word that sounded strangely unfamiliar yet had been her closest friend hours earlier. Before she took that cab and had the orgasm of a lifetime. Before she'd found Donovan and Amalie. Is that what she wanted, to be alone?