 Author's Note: The following story is based on an actual occurrence. It contains explicit adult material and any reader who is not of legal age must exit this file immediately. The author expresses his appreciation to user mswhite569 for her work in editing this story to make it more readable.

The hostess seated me at a table for four, in spite of the fact that I was by myself. That was okay with me because it was in the middle of the floor where I could see more people ... and I liked to watch the people.

I made my menu choices and waited for my waitress. Looking around, I began to survey the people in the room, paying most attention to the ladies. To my right there were several older couples and two groups of three seventies-type women. Straight in front of me was a family with two small children and a vacant table. To my left and up two tables was a middle-aged nondescript couple. At the table for two closer to me was a younger couple that I almost passed over.

Then she moved her arms away from her plate and I got a better look. She had a magnificent pair of hooters. They appeared to jiggle as she ate and I imagined that they were not encumbered by a bra, still standing tall enough to not need one in spite of their heft. I couldn't see the rest of her but I kept watch without being obvious.

After a bit, she got up and left the table, heading in the direction of the rest rooms. I got to see the rest of her figure, at least as best I could when it was hidden by a slightly loose soft knit blouse and a pair of tight jeans. The jeans covered a wonderfully rounded ass, a little big by health standards but just right by my "sexy woman" standards. Her waist was small, making her hips really stand out in those tight jeans; I could see that the waistband didn't come close to being snug-fitting. This was a woman who could give me wet dreams for a while.

I continued to watch her when she returned and while I ate my salad but then I was a little disconcerted when she glanced up and our eyes met. She smiled and I had the distinct feeling she could read my mind. She took a bite and then said something to the man, who quickly turned to catch me still watching her. I ducked my head and returned to eating.

I felt a bad premonition when the chair to my left pulled back and the man sat down, brushing my shoulder. He leaned over and whispered "Hi. I'm Jason. My wife's name is Sharon. She's a beauty, isn't she?" The last he said staring into my eyes. I didn't know what to say. I was embarrassed to have been caught staring at her. I mumbled something not even I could understand.

He continued, just loud enough for the sound to reach my ears "How would you like to have all of that you want? Tits, pussy, ass, anything you want. Would you like that?"

My head jerked around to look at him, incredulously. I just nodded. He whispered "Well, you can, buddy. And let me tell you that she is a hot lay. When she gets a cock in her she gets hotter than a firecracker. You like girls, don't you?"

I nodded, my throat too dry to trust with sound. He said "Look at her, buddy. She'd like that too."

I glanced at her to see her coyly looking at me, surreptitiously holding a tit as if pressing it to my mouth, yet making sure no one else could see her. Almost imperceptibly she nodded, then took a bite of food and chewed it sexily, suggesting what she might do to my cock by rolling it around in her mouth and savoring the flavor. He pressed against my shoulder and whispered "Hey, man, you know you'd like to do her. All you have to do is let me watch. We'll go over to our place and you can do her any way and every way you want to. I get to watch and get off my rocks and I promise I'll leave you alone. You interested?"

For a few seconds, I stared into his eyes to see if he was serious and I decided he was. I nodded vigorously and glanced at Sharon to see her faking clapping her hands. I pushed the rest of my food away and looked for my waitress. He whispered "Let me pay our bill and then follow us, okay?"

It turned out that, when we walked out the door, Sharon went with me and we followed him. She scooted over next to me and held my arm the whole way but we didn't really talk. About half way she ran her hand down my thigh and back up, clutching my throbbing erection at the end of the stroke. I put my right arm around her and cupped her right breast and felt my cock try to grow bigger and harder.

I followed her directions to a nice neighborhood and a nice if small house. She led me inside and directly to a bedroom. I didn't even catch sight of Jason. She closed the door and turned to me, putting her arms around my neck and planting a long wet kiss on my mouth. I returned the favor, letting our tongues intertwine in her mouth. My arms pulled her closer and mashed her big knockers against my chest.

When she broke away, she wasted no time in getting undressed and urged me to do the same. Barely had I freed my rock-hard cock than she knelt, grabbed it and began to lick it, slathering it with her saliva. She massaged my balls and captured the head of my prick in her mouth and sucked on it.

I loved it but couldn't wait to get my hands on her. I lifted her up and coaxed her into the bed, then crawled in beside her. Kneeling, I licked her titties just as she had my cock. Her hand wormed between my legs and captured my manhood and she fondled me while I suckled her nipples.

Sated, I trailed my tongue down her body and over her curly haired mound and into her crease as she pulled my leg over her. In the sixty-nine position, we each licked and sucked at the other's genitalia. However just a few minutes of that would have brought me off and I didn't want that. Hastily I turned around as she lifted and spread her legs, inviting me into her love channel. As wet and slick as it was, my thick seven inch cock slid in to the hilt with the first push.

I spread my knees and bent over Sharon's lush body, supporting my weight on my forearms while my hands slid under her and pulled us together. This time her tongue shot into my mouth and she tongue-fucked me while my cock roved in and out of her cunt. Several minutes later I heard a soft male voice saying "yeah, man, fuck the bitch, screw her fucking pussy, man, bang the broad." I glanced over my shoulder to see Jason slouched in an easy chair with one leg over the arm of the chair. He was naked and jacking on his erect meat and obviously staring at the spot where my dong entered his wife's pussy.

Sharon pulled my head back around and resumed her tonsil exploring but she soon broke away, tossing her head from side to side in spastic movements. Then she bowed her back and stiffened and began to shake like Jell-O in an earthquake. Jason began to holler "yeah, man! Go, dude, way to fuck that bitch. Dump your cum into her hot cunt, man. Give it to her good. Ohhhh ... " and the sound trailed off as this cock began to shoot white cum into the air. I watched as it landed on the carpet, on the chair but mostly on Jason. I resumed my fucking motion, shoving my cock deep into Sharon's soft pussy with every stroke. Several minutes work got her to the stage of jerking her head back and forth again and once more she bowed up and shivered through an orgasm. This time though I didn't stop screwing her cunt because my balls had begun to fill and when they contracted and started spitting my cum into her pussy, I kept plowing until the last drops oozed out and a couple minutes more until the adrenaline burned my muscles so much I had to stop. Still laying atop her, we kissed long and passionately before I rolled over so we could both rest.

Sharon looked at Jason, who was still in the same position but with his mouth open and a gentle snore emanating from his mouth. She said "Unfortunately that's about as long as he ever lasts. He usually gets off before I do and then he goes to sleep. He'll be in that same position all night unless I make him move. It's really hard to wake him up too. So ... how about after we rest we fuck some more, honey?"

I agreed with that! A little later I was hard and about to climb on her again but she pushed me back and instead took the dominant position. Holding my cock, she asked "Do you mind screwing my ass?" When I shook my head, she pointed my dong at her anus and eased herself down until the head popped into her back door. She paused until the initial pain dissipated and then with a sigh, she pushed down until she had all of my member in her bowels.

Sharon pulled my hands up to her tits and said "I like to be pussy fucked but I like a cock in my ass just as much so I always keep it greased."

"How did you find out you liked anal sex?" I asked.

"When I went to college, my daddy would let me ride his cock and he liked to hold my bottom while I wiggled around. He'd let his finger rub my ass hole and I loved it. I decided I wanted to find out what it would be like to have his dick in my ass instead of my pussy so I did it one day. It hurt at first but that went away and I loved it after that so from then on about half our fucking was in each hole. Mama said that it was a good idea that I learned to like both before I got married."

"Wow. Do you still fuck your daddy?"

"No. He died of a heart attack when I was twenty-one."

"Oh. I'm sorry."

"Yeah, I miss him terribly sometimes ... I gotta admit that's one reason I liked having you look at me."

"Oh?"

"Yeah. You look sorta like him." She leaned over and kissed me again. "But I think your dick is a little longer than his. Anyway I like the feel of it. Did you like being in my pussy?"

"I loved it. And I love being in your ass too."

There was silence for a few moments while she worked her ass around my cock in little circles. Then she stopped and looked into my eyes, her face a mere inch away. "Would you mind if I played like you were my daddy?"

"No, I wouldn't mind at all."

Again there was a silence while she concentrated on moving her ass on my prong. Then she whispered "Oh, daddy, it feels soooooooo good to have your dick in my ass hole again."

"Yes, sweetheart. I've really missed being inside you."

"Oh, daddy, me too. I've wanted to fuck you so many times while you were gone, daddy. I'm so glad you're back and we can fuck whenever we want to." My heart jumped at the implication. Was she really offering me a "frequent fucker" role? Would Jason allow it? I reached around her with both hands and cupped her round ass, squeezing her buns as she rocked around in no particular pattern. It didn't take long for both of us to cum again.

Sharon immediately trotted to the bathroom and came back with a warm wet washcloth and cleaned me up meticulously. Then she lay down beside me and actually purred. She talked about how her Mama and Daddy had taught her how to fuck, how loving the whole family was and how she loved to make her daddy cum, all the while diddling my cock with both hands. I turned to face her, letting my hand wander between her legs. I was going to massage her anus but it was still so soft my finger slipped inside. Her eyes lit up and she said "Oh, daddy! You can do me just like you used to, with your finger in my ass and your thumb in my pussy and then suck my boobies while you finger fuck me. Please!" I couldn't believe it but I sucked and fingered Sharon to two more orgasms while my cock was getting hard again. Obviously the memories were still vivid in her mind, at least the good portions of them.

I was soon horny again and asked if I could doggy fuck her. She hopped up on her knees and offered me her soft puffy pussy, framed by her two beautiful ass globes. I poked my dick into her, grabbed a big tit for leverage and began to rub her mound and clitty with the other. By the time I spit out another load of cum, Sharon had cum four more times ... and it was 12 minutes short of midnight.

I got dressed and Sharon walked me to the back door, not bothering to put on any clothes ... she said she liked to sleep in the nude anyway. She kissed me and said "I think Jason would like for you to come by at least once a week in the evening so he can watch. Would you be interested?"

"By all means" I replied enthusiastically.

"Great. Now me ... I'd like my daddy to come by a little more often so we can have some fun. Would that be too much?"

"Not at all, baby. Daddy would do anything he can for you." Just like that, just through a chance glance in a restaurant did my sex life change drastically. Jason says that, as far as he is concerned, I can screw her as much as I want to as long as he gets to watch at least once a week and as long as I don't try to take her out of their marriage. After all he does love her and she gives him all he can handle and he's just trying to make her happy! Me, too!