 The girls and I were cheering as the last touchdown for our team went down. We were all excited for the team had won the championship. 

My boyfriend, Lindsay, was the co-captain. He walked over to me, picking me up and twirling me around. We had a discussion the other night about what we would do if the team won. 

I have always thought about having sex with Lindsay plus another woman but was also unsure of it all. But the bet was if the team won, a friend of Lindsay's would be joining us. 

Her name was Laurie and she was also a fellow cheerleader with me. I knew her a bit but was not best friends with her or anything. 

Lindsay had made the arrangements with her. She walked over to us and congratulated him on job well done. 

"Well the fun has just begun girls," he said. "Ok, meet me back here in one hour. And we will have our own celebration." With that he put me down and went to shower. 

Laurie and I, by the way my name is Jessie, went to the stands and sat down. We started drinking some coolers that she had brought. And it didn't take me long to become giddy as I don't normally drink. I had never really noticed her before. But sitting there chatting I realized why Lindsay wanted a threesome with her involved. She had the ideal body, shoulder length blond hair, blue eyes, big boobs, and long legs. And she made you feel right at home. 

We were making small talk and then all of a sudden she started kissing me. I was a bit shocked, but I loved it and went back for more. She was an incredible kisser. She was running her hands through my hair as she plunged her tongue into my mouth. It was the best kiss I ever had. I was getting wet, I couldn't stop kissing her. 

Lindsay walked out onto the field and noticed us going at each other. By the time he walked over to us I had started rubbing on her pussy through her panties. She was soaked. I moved her panties aside and slowly moved two of my fingers inside her. She moaned lightly. Lindsay said, "Hey! Save some of that for me!" 

He took our hands and we came down onto the football field. He had a key in his hand and we followed him down a hallway. It lead us to the coaches room. Lindsay unlocked it. 

Inside was a couch, desk and some chairs. He walked over to the couch and pulled it open into the bed. He told us to get on the bed. As I started walking toward it he slapped my ass. 

I started undressing Laurie, she had such a beautiful petite little body. I on the other hand had small boobs, but Lindsay says I have the perfect ass though. She had a nice ass, and surprising great tits. 

Lindsay and I just looked at her for a moment. He took off all my clothes and told me to get on the bed with Laurie. 

We were on our knees as we started kissing again. She grabbed me by my short brown hair as she thrust her tongue into my mouth. I cupped her breasts in one hands and I again started out for her juicy mound. I noticed she was shaved completely, like me. I dove my fingers inside her as she ran her hands through her hair. I wanted to lick every bit of it. Her hips started moving back and forth begging for more.

I laid Laurie down and started sucking on her breasts. I had my ass straight up in the air so Lindsay could fuck me. I moved down to Laurie's sweet, little pussy. As I licked her clit I could feel her body tingle. I fingered her while my tongue played with her clit. 

Lindsay stayed back and watched us. Although I wanted him to fuck me, he made me wait. My pussy was soaked. 

I moved my tongue down to her hole and drove it inside her. She moaned loudly. I looked back at Lindsay and he was stroking his cock, damn that turns me on. I went back to licking her shaved, tight, little pussy. I felt her orgasm on my tongue as she moaned louder. My hands were rubbing her body as I felt her quiver. 

She looked up at me and said, "I want to taste you." I eagerly got up and rolled over on my back to the other side of the bed with my legs spread wide open.

She started out for my pussy, with Lindsay watching our every move. Laurie went to work on my clit. It was amazing. I have never had a bi-sexual thought in my body before but now I knew why women did this. It was amazing. She was sucking on my clit and driving her fingers into me at the same time. I was almost screaming with pleasure. My body was trembling as I pulled her head towards my pussy. I could feel the orgasm building up, I almost couldn't stand it. I started moving my hips back and forth as Laurie drove her tongue into my throbbing pussy. I came like I had never come before, it was dripping out of my pussy and rolling down to the crack of my ass.

I grabbed Laurie and started fingering her. With that Lindsay couldn't take it any longer. He thrust his huge cock inside me and started pounding my pussy. It was hard for me to concentrate on Laurie while I was being fucked so hard. But all of us were being pleased. Moans and screams coming from everyone, I loved it.

Lindsay decided he wanted to fuck Laurie now. As he had made out with her once but didn't know what she was like in bed. But from this experience he figured she was wild.

I started kissing her breasts. Then Lindsay rolled her over and started pounding away. I actually like watching her little body being jolted back and forth by Lindsay's huge cock. I couldn't help but to start playing with myself as I stared at them. After a few minutes of watching her get fucked, Lindsay looked over at me. He wanted me blindfolded so I had to imagine what was going on. He passed me a scarf and I tied it at the back of my head. 

Listening to Laurie's moans and the slapping of his balls on her, turned me on more. I fingered my wet pussy harder and harder. But my fingers just weren't enough I needed more. And Lindsay could tell. 

He rammed his cock one final time inside of Laurie. Quickly pulling it out and coming over to me. He pushed it inside of my pussy. Ohhhhh, it felt so good. But again one of us was left out. 

Laurie came over to me and straddled my face. I tore the scarf off, i wanted to see it all now. Pressing her wet dripping pussy onto my face. I brought my hands up and squeezed her ass. Opening the lips so I could get my tongue inside. She lowered herself down more. I could smell the aroma of it. And feel the wetness of her cunt on my face. MMMMMMM, it was out of this world. As Lindsay pumped his cock into me, Laurie and him kissed passionately. All I could see though was her ass. 

I was nearing orgasm again as Lindsay was too. I had lapped up all of Laurie's juices. But she was also fidgeting around like she was hitting orgasm again. With one quick movement, Laurie jumped off of me. And Lindsay pulled his cock out of my pussy. Grabbing it he came all over my stomach. Laurie bent down and sucked up the hot white cum. Collapsing with utter exhaustion, Lindsay laid down beside me. And watched Laurie lick it up. When she was done, she crawled up beside me and laid down too. 

We were not sure where this would go from here. Although, we were all satisfied with the way it worked out. 

Next time, who knows what will happen. Only time will tell.