 - Little fun before the big game. Your feedback is always welcomed and appreciated.

Jack sat staring at his computer monitor at work when from the corner of his eye a glimpse of movement caught his attention. He turned and saw Heather sashaying down the hall toward his desk. Heather was 5”4’ tall, and weighed about 110 pounds. Her sleek and slender form was rudely interrupted however when it came to her breasts which stood out at a wonderfully buxom 34 D. Her eyes were crystal blue and drew attention to her extraordinarily beautiful features, which had a habit of making all men turn as she entered a room. She had long straight auburn hair that shimmered in even the bland office lighting and fell well below her shoulders. When she walked, she didn’t just move she seemed to glide along the floor swaying her wonderfully round ass for all to see. She knew she was incredibly beautiful and had a playful, flirting personality that made most men melt in her presence. The way she dressed only added to her power. She would often wear short tight skirts that showed off her ass or business style blouses and flared open at the neckline allowing brief but satisfying views of her cleavage. 

Jack was no different from most men. He had longed for Heather since the day he had started this job a little over two years ago. He had casually asked her out several times, only to have the topic deflected or his request denied. She was so skilled at her elusiveness though that he never got tired of trying and never truly felt rejected. Also, promises of “another time” or “maybe later” sly winks and seductive looks kept him coming back for more. Since as an Administrative Assistant she had know business need to interact with him, he always had to try to find ways to bump into her or strike up a conversation at work. Now she came strolling towards his desk with a wry smile on her face and a spark in her eye. 

“Hi Jack” Heather breathed coolly. She stood in front of his desk in one of her trademark black business suits. The hemline about mid thigh and it clung to her body tightly. She also wore a sheer white blouse through which you could see her white lacy bra. 

The bulge in Jacks pants started to grow as he looked at Heather. Luckily his desk was hiding his growing erection. “I am doing pretty well, what is up?” was all he could muster. 

“Well, I am having a football party this weekend for the big game and I was hoping you could come. There will be food, beer and party games. I know you have offered to hang out a few times and I wanted to return the favor” she stated. 

“Sure, what time?” he quickly blurted. His mind was racing as he wondered if she considered hanging out similar to a date. 

“Here is the party invite; it has the directions and time listed. I also put my number down in case you get lost.” She explained as she handed him the invitation, which was photocopied on a piece of paper. “See you then, Oh and no need to bring anything but that cute little butt of yours.” She stated slyly. She smiled then gave him a little wink and swayed back down the hall. He watched her wonderful tight ass as she went and he grew even harder. 

()()

Jack was excited as he arrived at Heather’s house. He wasn’t much of a football fan, in fact he had no idea who was playing in the “Big Game” but, he was really looking forward to this party. The worse case scenario was he got to hang out with Heather and potentially some of her hot friends. She had made that comment about his “cute butt” so he was feeling pretty good about his chances with her. He stepped up and rang her doorbell. He was carrying some flowers and was dressed in his basic first date attire. Tan slacks, a bright blue shirt and some silk boxers just in case he got lucky. 

Heather answered the door wearing a green football jersey that was cut into a half shirt. Jack’s eyes quickly traced down her jersey and he noticed he could see her black bra through the perforations in the jersey. The half shirt cut off right above her belly button and he could see her tight belly, almost begging to be licked. She was also wearing a short jean skirt that highlighted her smooth legs and he perfect ass. Heather looked at Jack, the flowers in his hands and his attire and smiled. 

“Jack you are dressed like you are going to a musical, not a football party. You are so prim and proper, I am going to have to try and loosen you up today” she jested promisingly. “And I told you that you didn’t need to bring anything” she commented as she accepted the flowers he was holding forth. “Come on in and before you sit down you have to pick some numbers out of a hat.”

Jack walked into her house, which in truth was a condo. As he walked in he was shocked by what he saw. There were about 20 guys and two girls. All of the guys had the same bored, disappointed look on their faces. The girls while both incredibly hot, had the same expressions on their faces. “Great a sausage fest” he thought, but at least he still had a shot with Heather. He turned around and saw Heather holding a hat in front of him with folded pieces of paper.

“Pick 4” she instructed and motioned him towards the hat. “It is a football pool for the game. You will get two numbers, one for the Home Team and one the Away Team. At the end of each quarter if your numbers match the last number of the Home and Away Teams’ scores you win a very special prize.” 

Jack wasn’t totally sure he understood the rules but he grabbed 4 anyway. 

First piece

Away 4

Home 4

Second piece

Away 8

Home3

Third piece

Away 5 

Home 2

Fourth Piece 

Away 1

Home 7

He was pretty sure that these were not good numbers, but he thought it didn’t matter anyway. He ventured into the TV room and socialized, grabbed some beer, food and sat on the couch. 

Soon the game started and it seemed to be reflecting the tone of the party. Nothing was happening on the field or at the party. Heather was no where to be seen and there was a herd of guys surrounding her two friends who he had found out were named Rose and Sandra and were a couple. About 10 minutes into the first quarter a couple of guys had enough, and found Heather and told her they had promised to stop by a friend’s party. They apologized that they had to leave so early. 

“Oh, you are going to miss the big prizes” Heather explained to them. 

“That is okay, we will just leave our numbers here on the table for someone else to win with” said Bill from accounting. He thanked her and they were out the door. 

The first quarter soon ended with the score Home Team 0, Away Team 0. “Alright, who is our lucky winner?” Heather requested. With a quick glance at his numbers Jack realized it was not him. 

“Looks like I am” stated Steve from IT. 

“Oh, you are a very lucky guy” Heather proclaimed as she walked towards the stereo system and put some dance music on. 

She then walked over to Steve and whispered in his ear. Steve got up and grabbed a chair from the kitchen table and placed it in middle of the room and sat on it. All of the guests were looking at each other wondering what the heck was going on when Heather proclaimed “Okay everyone, you were all invited here today because at one point or another you all hit on me and I turned you down for many different reasons. Well, I wanted to thank you for your attention today with this little party. The only rules are that what happens in this condo is like Vegas, what happens here today stays here..agreed?” she asked seductively. 

“Yeah….Sure…Definitely…I Love Vegas…” different guys yelled out, suddenly coming to life from the coma of boredom which had overcome them. Everyone was now sitting up straight, paying very close attention to Heather. She was standing in the middle of the room smiling looking at each one of them. Her eyes momentarily lingered on Jack as he passed her view. He was melted by the devilish stare and grin she gave him.

Heather then took Steve’s arms and placed them behind his back. Heather used a scarf she had grabbed to tie his wrists together. Steve was a typical looking IT guy Jack thought, short, round and wearing glasses. But the look that was on his face now was something that Jack had never seen. It was a strange mix between fear, excitement and confusion. 

Heather then moved to face Steve and slowly began to dance. Jaws dropped around the room as she began wiggling her hips and began gyrating in beat to the music. She ran her hand teasingly up Steve’s shirt and over his chest while dancing closely to Steve now. She started to move her head back and forth to the music, letting her hair brush Steve in the face. She parted his legs and slowly declined as she danced, both of her arms rubbing Steve’s chest and soon over his thighs. Her head now hovering tantalizingly over his crotch. 

She then stood up, turned around and was now facing Jack. She looked at Jack who was in awe of this show. While still dancing for Steve she kept her gaze fixated on Jack. She started to rub her hands over her own body, her hands rubbing and gliding over her tits and ass. She then used both hands to slowly pull her jersey up over her head. She took it off and held the jersey in her hand. They could all now see her lacy black bra and her wonderful breasts desperately trying to escape their captivity. Jack was amazed by how perfect her tits looked in that bra. He was beyond hard at the moment and he could not take his eyes off of the beauty in front of him. 

Heather turned around breaking her gaze with Jack. She took the jersey she had in her hand and stuffed it gently into Steve’s mouth. She then reached behind her and unzipped her jean skirt and shimmied it down her legs. Jack was now staring at the most mind blowing ass he had ever seen. Heather was wearing a black thong that was firmly entrenched between her ass cheeks. Her round supple bottom wiggled and shook to the music in front of Jack. Heather then ran her hands down Steve’s chest to his pants. She deftly unbuckled his pants and slowly pulled down his zipper. She then grabbed his pants at his waist and yanked them down to his ankles. Steve’s white brief boxers were exposed. A rather large bulge protruded in the center and all could clearly make out the shape of his erect cock through his underwear. Jack was impressed with Steve’s apparent size. Heather seemed impressed too as she ran her hands over his manhood and smiled. 

She then reached behind her and unclasped her bra. It fell gingerly to the floor exposing her luscious tits. They were perfectly round and firm. Her nipples stuck straight out as she was obviously enjoying this. She then slid her hands to her thong and pulled it down to her ankles. As she bent over to do this, Jack got a complete view of her pussy and asshole. It looked so tempting Jack wanted to leap from the couch and rub his tongue all over it. 

Now completely naked, Heather bent down and rubbed her tits across Steve’s face. Steve’s tongue was darting unsuccessfully trying to catch her nipples. Heather teased him with her tits before turning around and facing Jack again. 

Her hand raced down her body and she started to play with her pussy. Her pointer and ring finger separated her pussy lips, while her middle finger played with her clit. It was the sexiest thing Jack had ever seen. She was starting to moan now as she rubbed her pussy vigorously. Her eyes closed and she was lost in a world of pleasure. Jack wasn’t sure who was enjoying this more Heather, Steve or himself. After a few minutes of this Heather stopped fingering her pussy, brought her hand up to her mouth and licked her pussy juices off of her fingers. 

She then sat down on Steve’s underwear covered dick and wrapped her legs along the outside of Steve’s legs forcing them together. Her pussy lips were now draped across Steve’s cock. Jack could see it jump in response. She then started to rock her body furiously back and forth, up and down along Steve’s cock through his briefs. 

Back and forth, left and right she grinded his cock. Jack was sure Steve could feel Heather’s wet pussy through those briefs. She moved her hips in furious motion, grinding Steve harder and harder, faster and faster. She then started sliding her ass up and down his cock. As she did so she clenched his cock in her ass checks and moved in a circular motion. 

“Ohhhhhhhh…!!!” Exclaimed Steve as Heather grabbed his balls through his underwear and massaged them with her hand. She continued to grind his cock as she massaged his balls. Her free hand rubbing her tits and pinching her nipples. She then grabbed Steve’s cock, leaned back into Steve and started to pump Steve’s dick through his underwear. She was jerking him off forcefully. She took the head of his cock and started to rub the hard lump on her pussy. 

“Ohhhh God ..!” Steve yelled. 

Heather started to grind Steve’s again with her pussy. Steve started to buck in the chair. She feverishly started to finger her pussy again rubbing her cunt at high speeds. She took turns rubbing and inserting her fingers in and out of her pussy. She was shaking as she continued to grind and play with herself. Jack quickly looked around the room and some guys were openly masturbating at the show. They had their pants around their ankles jerking on their dicks. Rose and Sandra were kissing and rubbing each other. Some guys were looking at them while jacking off also. 

“I am going to cum!!!” yelled Heather. 

This was all Steve could take, he jerked violently thrusting his crotch into the air as he exploded into his underwear. Waves of pleasure shutter through Steve as Jack watched him and he saw his body start to relax. Heather spurred on by Steve’s explosion was still shaking and moaning and then she clenched her pussy with her fingers and her body shuddered. Her orgasm rocked her body and she was helpless for a few moments unable to move. 

Around the room some of the guys started cum. “Ohh Man…Yes….Uhhhh” was all Jack heard and saw cum flying onto the carpet. Jack adjusted his own prick as his gaze went back to Heather. She was staring at him now with that same devilish grin on her face that he had seen earlier, but now he understood where it came from. She stood up from Steve and Jack could see the huge wet spot in Steve’s underwear. As Heather stood up she looked around the room she smiled at the guys who had been jacking off. She then looked at the game on the TV. 

“About 5 minutes left before halftime boys. Make sure you have your game pieces. The prizes only get better. Too bad those other two guys left, if anyone wants their game pieces they left them on the table by the door.” She mentioned subtly. 

A mad dash for the game pieces on the table ensued. Jack was too slow to grab any of them. Better lucky then good, he thought to himself and luck better be with him tonight. 

Coming soon…Halftime