 I opened my eyes and looked down to find two pairs of gorgeous blue eyes staring back at me. My pets usually slept later than I did, but the twins had only been here three days now. With Fakahina being half way around the world, their bodies still hadn't completely adjusted to the time change. As much as I enjoyed having their luscious bodies pressed up against me, my bladder was telling me it was time to get out of bed.

"I know what you two minxes are thinking, and the answer is no. I'm three times Julien's age and at my age you need to get to the bathroom before you can play. We got away with it that morning on the island because I woke up in the middle of the night to go. I'll be right back and then we can play."

They both smirked as they pulled back enough to let me get out of bed. I was glad to see Rebeca still on the bed as I slipped into the bathroom. She had fallen asleep nursing on Sonia and had actually slept the night through curled up against her. Apparently, my going to the bathroom was a signal for people to start waking up, because I heard Rebeca whimpering quietly in Sonia's arms as I came back out.

"Master, could you reassure her please," Sonia asked as I walked up. "She jerked awake when the toilet flushed and tried to scramble off the bed. She isn't fighting me, but I can feel her shaking in fear."

Sitting down on the bed, I put my hand on Rebeca's hip and felt her freeze. I had met Josh during a couple of my trips to the island, and I had a hard time reconciling the mild mannered person I had met with the monster that turned this poor child into a wreck. "Sonia, let her go. Rebeca, sit up and look at me."

Rebeca scrambled up to her knees but kept her head down as she faced me. When I reached under and lifted her chin, I could see the fear in her eyes. "I wanted you to look at me so you can hopefully see I'm being sincere. I'm not going to punish you for being on the bed or crawling up on any of the other furniture. I don't enjoy punishing any of my pets, although I do give a spanking on occasion for those who enjoy it. Sonia needs your help again, so I want you to lay back down with her. Can you do that for me?"

I could see she was still frightened, but she nodded slowly before turning back to curl up against Sonia. She needed time more than anything to heal, and her learning I wouldn't hurt her or the others was a big part of it. She had to see the difference, and I knew I would have plenty of eager volunteers with the group currently on the bed.

"I need you to ask for a spanking," I said quietly as I crawled back up between the twins. "Most of your sisters enjoy being spanked as much you the two of you do. She needs to see you ask for it and enjoy it so she doesn't panic if she comes in while I am spanking one of the others."

The way their eyes lit up told me they were willing, but the sly grin they shared made me wonder what was running through their minds. Faith cleared it up as soon as she opened her mouth. "Did I do a good enough job last night to earn my spanking this morning Master? I tried extra hard to please you because I wanted to get the first spanking."

"No fair, I tried harder than you did," Hope pouted. "I didn't even stop pleasuring Master when he had to talk to Beca. I had to slow down so I wouldn't distract him, but I was still focused on pleasing him. I think I earned the first spanking."

Well, there was no way Rebeca would think of this as a punishment now. "I think you both earned the reward you want. You were both delightful last night, but I think Faith gets to go first. Hope, I appreciate that you wanted to offer Rebeca the chance to clean you up, but you did get distracted with Marta and left your sister to take care of me alone."

Hope winked at me before she pouted a bit more. "I'm sorry Master, but she just smelled so good I had to taste her again. I'll try harder next time so I can go first. Just watch, I'll make you so happy you just have to spank me first."

Faith bounced excitedly as I scooted up to lean back against the headboard. She crawled over to lie across my lap, wiggling a bit to get comfortable before crossing her wrists together behind her back. "Would you hold my wrists this time Master? I love feeling helpless over your lap as you spank me. It makes it more exciting knowing you are in complete control of me."

My left hand took her wrists as my arm lay up the center of her back. As my right hand came up to caress her thighs and ass, I pressed down with my left arm, pinning her to my legs. She struggled a bit to make sure she was secure then let out a deep moan. Despite knowing I wouldn't hurt her; the feeling of helplessness aroused her enough that I could feel her juices already flowing under my fingers.

My first swat drew a squeak from Rebeca and another moan from Faith. I had spanked the twins before like this, so I knew Faith was hamming it up a bit, but not much. I could hear Sonia soothing Rebeca as I slowly worked Faith up to the point her moans were very real. "Listen to her Rebeca. Master isn't hurting her. You heard her ask to be spanked because she enjoys this kind of play. Master has spanked me like that tons of times and he has never hurt me. I'm kind of jealous actually, because I can't ask him to spank me until my doctor says I am healed enough for sex again after delivering my baby."

"You don't have to try it Rebeca, but please don't judge those of us who enjoy this," Gianna said. "Master wouldn't try this with you unless you crawled into his lip the way Faith is, but even then he would stop if he felt you weren't enjoying it. I won't say he doesn't punish us if we deserve it, but this is completely different."

I was up to about two dozen swats on Faiths ass, stroking her pussy lips and clit between them as I felt the need, when she screamed out and I felt her start shaking in my lap. Plunging my fingers in her dripping wet pussy, I stroked her through her climax before running my soaked fingers over her tight little rosebud as I released her hands.

She jumped up and kissed me passionately as I heard Sonia talking again. "See how happy she is Rebeca? You heard her cry out as she climaxed and she is thanking Master for making her feel so good. Would she be that happy if Master was hurting her? Would Hope look so eager to take her place in Master's lap of she thought he was going to hurt her?"

"Was that what you wanted Master," Faith asked quietly against my lips. "I played it up a bit at the beginning, but it wasn't faking how much I enjoyed having you do that to me."

"I noticed my dear, and I know you weren't," I murmured. "Go ask Gianna to put the aloe on your sexy little ass so I can take care of Hope now. She has been waiting patiently and I know how eager she is for her turn."

Faith kissed me again before crawling down to the foot of the bed as Hope crawled into my lap. "She really soaked your leg Master. You will probably have to change the sheets after you finish with me. I just hope we don't ruin the mattress."

"You don't have to worry about that," Vivi said as Hope put her hands behind her back. "The mattress is very water resistant so the sheets soak up everything before it can soak in, and we change the sheets in here every day anyway. They would never dry out if we didn't."

I smirked as pinned Hope's hands and started caressing her. With as many climaxes as the girls had in this bed, sleeping in a wet spot was a given. Hope didn't play it up at all as I started spanking her, but she still gasped and moaned as loud as Faith had. She enjoyed being spanked that much more than Faith and we both knew she wanted me to spank her harder. If Rebeca hadn't been watching I probably would have indulged her, but this was more for Rebeca to learn to be comfortable with the girl's needs.

I skipped playing with her pussy and just caressed her ass between swats. She got enough out of just being spanked that playing with her would have had it over too quickly. I knew she could climax from the spanking alone, but I brought her right to the edge and slipped my fingers down to stroke her clit. We were close enough to the edge of the bed that the force of her climax would have squirted clean off it.

As she screamed out her climax, I felt the stream of her juices soak my palm and the force sent them shooting up along her crack. Slipping my thumb into her ass, I stroked it and her clit as she shook in my lap for a full minute before collapsing limply across me. I slipped my thumb out and leaned over to grab the hand sanitizer off the nightstand as she basked in the afterglow.

"We played together quite a few times on the island during your training Rebeca, so I know you have seen me climax before," Hope said. "I know it's hard for you to believe after how you were abused, but a spanking can be very pleasurable for some people. You don't have to try it, but understand that Master only does this because we enjoy it."

As Hope crawled off my lap, I patted the bed next to me. "Come here Rebeca." I saw the worried look that flashed across her face before she hesitantly started crawling over. "No, I'm not going to spank you. I only do that if the girls ask for it. I just want you to come over here for a moment."

I saw a resigned look in her eyes as she crawled closer. I hadn't thought about the fact I was still hard after having the twins squirming in my lap, so as she got close enough she dropped her bone and tried put her head in my lap. I caught her shoulders and picked up her bone with a shake of my head.

"No sweetie, that isn't what I wanted you for either. Any of the other pets would jump at the chance to play with me, and I can see in your eyes that you don't want to yet. When you have the same desire for me that caused you to risk crawling up on the bed last night, then I will play with you." I saw the confusion in her eyes and stroked her cheek. "Your old Master used you for his pleasure and abused you. I'm not like him, and I have time to wait for you to be ready. I wanted you to come over here because I want you to try something for me this morning. I want you to join us in the shower and let Gianna wash you now instead of waiting until she can bring you in alone. Can you do that?"

She glanced nervously around the bed before meeting my eyes and nodding hesitantly. "Good, I know it's hard for you to trust us not to hurt you after what happened, but it will come eventually. Sonia, I know you wanted to go check on Nicolina but stayed to help with Rebeca. You can grab a quick shower first or take one in the nursery before sending Kiera back if you can't wait."

I wasn't surprised when she scooted out of bed with a quick thank you and rushed out of the room. She trusted Kiera to take care of Nicky, but she usually grabbed a quick shower as soon as she woke up and rushed off to check her daughter the nights she stayed in the master bedroom. They had decided it was best for whoever was taking care of the babies to sleep in the nursery with them as not to wake everyone up for middle of the night feedings, but she still had to rush of and make sure everything was okay.

"Gianna, you can bring Rebeca in when you're ready. I'm going to get Vivi started first and I'm sure Zara and Marcello will come in once they finish." I turned to the twins, knowing I had changed their plan for the morning and they wanted to take care of me still. "After I take care of Vivi and Marta, I want you two in the shower while I wash Kiera. You can finish what you wanted to start when I woke up then."

"Vivi, would you mind if I went first," Marta asked. "I'm not nervous about my family visiting this time, but I still seem to have too much energy to sit still for long. I was hoping I could go play until breakfast to keep my mind occupied."

I had picked Vivi to go first because she missed her last shower with me, but she just nodded. "I don't mind waiting if it's alright with Master. Maybe Rebeca will come put her head in my lap and let me pet her while I wait."

Rebeca looked nervous, but Gianna crawled over and put her head in Vivi's lap to help encourage her. She was hesitant still, but she trusted Gianna enough to join her. Marta hopped up and had the shower running by the time I got there. As I put my arms around her, she pressed back into me and laid her head back on my shoulder to kiss me.

"I don't know how I can ever thank you enough for letting my family come to visit again so soon. I'm excited to see my siblings, but I'm worried my brothers might be a problem. I caught them trying to peek a few times when I was changing before I even left," she explained. "I guess I'm worried everyone will be upset with me if one of my brother's tries to grope them and they can't do anything but tell you about it."

I reached for the shampoo and started washing her hair. "I guess I should clarify that at breakfast. Your parents were clear that they had no objection to your brothers being slapped a few times if they got grabby. I just didn't want one of them being tossed across the room if they tried too many times. No one would blame you anyway. You're not responsible for their actions."

"They are good kids normally, but there is a lot of temptation here," Marta purred as I massaged her head. "After you tell them not to touch and they get slapped a couple times, they should get the idea."

I wasn't too worried about the girls being able to handle themselves, but I would make sure to keep an eye on Rebeca. Kitten could make her intentions clear even if she couldn't speak, although I expected she wouldn't object to them touching her as long as they didn't get to friendly, but Rebeca would probably freeze and allow them to do whatever they wanted. I didn't want her withdrawing again because someone pushed her too far.

Zara and Marcello got in as I finished Marta's hair and started working down her back. We had been giving him lessons on how to give his wife the same kind of massage in the shower that I did for my girls, and he was getting better at it. Of course he had to be, as Zara would push one of the girls into his arms depending on who I was washing for the day and insist he practice more when she got out the shower to make breakfast. The girls never objected because he was decent at it now, and they usually ended up having a quick fuck in the shower when he finished.

Vivi climbed in as I supported Marta though her climax and Rebeca crawled in behind her. I was happy to see Rebeca rub against Vivi's leg and smile as Vivi reached down to pet her. It seemed she was comfortable with her new sisters touching her once Gianna got her to accept them. I would talk to Gianna about letting the others pet her more and getting Rebeca to join her.

I took some extra time with Vivi because she had missed her last turn. I doubt she was that upset as she woke up and played with Scarlett that morning, but I enjoyed my time in the shower with each of them. I was working down her legs when I saw Zara kiss her husband and pull Gianna into his arms before getting out of the shower. Gianna had already taken care of Rebeca and kitten, who were sitting and watching me with Vivi. The curiosity in Rebeca's eyes as Vivi climaxed for me was understandable. The massage didn't look like it would be stimulating, but Vivi had been panting with arousal and climaxed with barely a touch at the end.

Kiera stepped into my arms as they followed Vivi out and the twins got in. They took their time washing each other because they knew I wouldn't rush Kiera's shower. They would have been upset if I had, because they would never want me to rush through my time with them.

I had Kiera right on the edge, enjoying her panting little moans, when I heard Gianna's scream of pleasure. As soon as Gianna's scream ended, I took Kiera over the edge. She turned and hung off me as she tried to catch her breath then leaned in to kiss my neck. "Thank you Master. That was even more intense than usual, but I think you made me wait on the edge until Gianna finished so Marcello would feel he was doing better."

"Maybe so my sweet, but I wanted to make sure you got the full treatment as well," I murmured in her ear. "I'm not sure I like having you and Sonia sleeping alone on your nights in the nursery. We are either going to have to keep the baby in the master suite at night again or rotate your sisters through sleeping in with you so you're not alone. We can discuss that later though, as I need you to help your sisters with their tails. The twins wanted to play some this morning, but we were sidetracked helping Rebeca. I said we could finish after your showers, but I don't want everyone waiting and us all being late to breakfast."

"Hope told me Rebeca slept on the bed and panicked this morning. She seemed a lot better in the shower and even smiled when she saw me come in the bathroom. I think they earned their play time, even though they already got a reward," Kiera replied. "Maybe after my walk you can give me a spanking as well? It has been over a week since my last one and I am feeling a bit needy now."

"I have to meet with Mandy after your walk, but we can find time for that after lunch my dear, now go help your sisters before you make Hope and Faith beg. Gianna isn't helping they calm down any with the show she is putting on." Kiera glanced back and gave the twins an apologetic smile as she saw what I was referring to. Gianna didn't like having sex standing up, so Marcello was sitting on the floor with Gianna in his lap giving him a very energetic ride.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to make you wait, but I needed an extra minute to recover from that one. I'm sure you two will take good care of him," Kiera said as she stepped out of the shower. "I will make sure everyone is ready to go down for breakfast Master, so enjoy yourself."

As soon Kiera stepped out of the shower, the twins pressed their firm young bodies up against mine and reached for my cock together. Hope leaned in to nibble on my neck as Faith smiled up at me. "Would you be upset if one of us gives you a blowjob alone and the other just helped stimulate you? You've been hard since you gave me my spanking and we don't want you to have to hold back long enough to really enjoy the two of us together. We both had a really intense climax during our spankings and a couple more while we were playing with each other in the shower."

Faith started working on the other side of my neck as Hope pulled back. "What she's trying to say is we are both feeling very satisfied right now and we want to take care of you. You have had someone squirming against your cock for over an hour and you need to cum, so don't hold back."

Hope dropped to her knees and had half my cock in her mouth a second later while Faith pulled my hand up to her breast. "Cum for us Master, You're the only one who hasn't cum so far this morning, and we are supposed to be your pets. We all love how much you enjoy taking care of us, but we love taking care of your needs as well."

Faith went back to kissing along my neck as Hope took me into her throat. Instead of pulling back, she held me there and started swallowing. "She can hold her breath for almost a minute at a time," Faith whispered as she stretched up to lick my ear. "I let her have the place of honor because I know she is better at that than I am. Can't you feel how much she wants you to cum in her mouth right now?"

I knew I wouldn't last long. Amanda had done this to me many times and I had been lucky to last five minutes when I wasn't this aroused. As it was, I was surprised I didn't explode before Hope pulled back to take a couple deep breaths. I heard Marcello grunt followed by Gianna's pleasured scream as Hope plunged back down my cock.

"That was at least twice for everyone but you Master, please, cum for us." Faith's plea was pointless, as I couldn't hold back if I wanted to. Hope pulled back a bit and moaned as she felt my cock swell in her throat. With just the head in her mouth, she started stroking me and moaned again as the first shot splashed across her tongue. She eagerly swallowed my seed as Faith rubbed herself against me and purred.
