 On Saturday night, I crawled into bed beside my girlfriend, Jessica. She was lying on her left side, facing away from me, wearing nothing but her favorite white silk lace panties. Jessica is 22 years old. She's about 5'2", and she has shoulder-length, curly blond hair. She has perky, C-cup breasts, and nice squishy ass. In these particular panties, her ass cheeks protruded invitingly out from beneath the frilly lace trim.

I sleep naked, and the moment I lifted the covers to join her in bed, my swinging cock immediately responded to the sight of her nearly naked body by standing up at full attention. Slowly, I snuggled up behind her, tickling the back of her thighs with my erect penis.

"Hey, baby." Jessica whispered as she turned her head back over her right shoulder. She smiled, and puckered her lips. I kissed her, placed my right hand on her hip, and pressed my pelvis forward. Jessica moaned as the tip of my erect penis pushed its way between her legs.

"That's nice." She said. I smiled and pulled her backward toward me. "We can't do it tonight. Your friend is sleeping in the living room, remember?"

"It's fine," I replied, "Todd and I go way back."

"What does that mean?" Jessica said with a chuckle. "Does that mean he's heard you bangin' girls in the room next door?"

I laughed at the question, and did not offer her a response. Instead, I pressed my pelvis forward again while simultaneously pulling her backward by her hip.

"Seriously..." Jessica said.

"Don't worry, Jessica. He's drunk. He's probably passed out already. It's no big deal." I assured her. Before Jessica could respond, I slipped my right thumb underneath the band of her panties, and began to slowly slide them down.

"Mmmm...." Jessica moaned in delight. Then she lifted her right thigh and reached down to her panties. With two fingers, she pulled the crotch of her panties to the side, exposing her pink, shaved pussy.

The tip of my rock hard penis brushed against her pussy lips, and she moaned again.

"Make it quick." Jessica said sternly.

I placed my right hand on her right shoulder, pulled her body downward, and thrust my cock forward, penetrating her pussy lips. She was already dripping wet, and her pussy was even smoother than her silk panties. For her, sometimes just the feeling of my hard cock against her ass makes her cum, and tonight was one of those times.

"Oh, fuck!" Jessica said loudly. Then she quickly lowered her voice. "Sorry."

Jessica placed both of her hands on her pillow and squeezed hard, and began breathing heavily. With my right hand still on her right shoulder, I placed my left hand on her left shoulder, and began rhythmically thrusting my cock into her. The fabric of her silk lingerie panties felt nice, tickling my shaft as I got started on her. Jessica moaned quietly, breathing heavily through her nose.

I leaned forward and whispered into her ear, "Make all the noise you need to."

"Ohhh!" Jessica let out a loud moan. She had obviously been anxiously holding it inside for awhile.

I continued holding onto her shoulders, and thrusting her from behind for several minutes. Then I quickened my pace, thrusting her deeper and harder. Her breathing intensified, and she opened her mouth. Now, she was panting and moaning loudly with every thrust.

"Tear that pussy up!" She begged.

"Yes!" I said, as I ravaged her tight pussy with my throbbing cock.

"Oh my god! I'm cumming again!" Jessica exclaimed.

I felt her sopping wet pussy tighten up around my unrelenting cock as she surrendered to orgasm. I could feel the waves of orgasmic release reverberating throughout her entire body. Her legs began to twitch and she moaned loudly and uncontrollably.

"Don't stop!" She screamed.

I followed her instruction and continued thrusting deep and hard. I fixed my gaze on my penis sliding in and out of her. My cock was glistening with her juices, mixed with my precum. I  love watching my cock own her pussy. I find the sight of my manhood pummeling her pussy to be hypnotizing. While I was transfixed on the beautiful sight of my penis repeatedly penetrated her pussy, she continued to orgasm for several minutes.

Eventually, her orgasmic high began to subside and her breathing slowed. I took notice and then I slowed down my rhythm.

"I want it from behind." Jessica said loudly. She must have totally forgotten that we had company sleeping in the other room.

I slowly moved my hips backward, pulling my penis out of her. She exhaled deeply as my penis exited her pussy. She rolled over onto her stomach, and then got up on her hands and knees. She hung her head down, placing her forehead on her pillow. Her curly blond hair spread out wildly. I climbed behind her, and pulled her panties down to mid-thigh. Then I placed my hands on her hips and thrust my pelvis forward, penetrating her again.

"Yes!" Jessica screamed as I entered her from behind. Her curly blond hair shook when I hit her deep inside.

I began pumping my cock into her aggressively. Jessica bit into her pillow to muffle her screams of ecstasy.

"Take it!" I ordered her.

"Fill me up!" Jessica begged.

"Sure thing, baby!" I replied.

I began making longer motions, nearly pulling out of her with every thrust. I felt my cock begin to tingle, and I knew I was about to unload inside her. So, I sped up again and slammed my cock deep inside her. She whimpered every time I slammed deep inside. Her body began to tremble again, and I knew she was on the brink of another orgasm. I continued pumping her as hard and fast as I could, and then she went over the edge and starting cumming. Her pussy tightened its grip on my throbbing cock, and I lost it. I felt my cum begin to pump from my balls. With one final thrust, I shot an enormous load of cum deep inside her.

"I want it all!" Jessica exclaimed.

She began quickly pushing her ass backward, pumping several more giant loads of cum out of me. I stopped thrusting and let her take over. Her silky smooth pussy intensifies my orgasms and makes me shoot insane amounts of cum. She milked out several more huge bursts, until I was completely empty. Then Jessica leaned forward and laid down on the bed, on her stomach.

I took pleasure in the gorgeous sight of my girlfriend in a state of satisfied orgasmic bliss; my cum slowly dripping out from between her pussy lips. A few strands of cum slowly fell from the tip of my penis and landed on the back of her thighs. She moaned and giggled quietly as it tickled her legs.

I climbed over to the other side of the bed and laid down. I placed my arm around her, and we both promptly fell asleep.

The next morning, we awoke up in the exact same positions that we fell asleep in. Jessica groggily pulled her face out of her pillow and smiled.

"That was nice last night." She said.

"It was." I replied, smiling.

Jessica rolled over, kissed me, and then rolled back to the opposite side of the bed. She climbed out of bed and stood up. Her panties were still around her thighs. She reached down and pushed them downward. They fell down to her ankles and she stepped out of them. Then she walked toward our bedroom door.

"Want some breakfast?" Jessica asked.

"Sure, thanks." I replied.

Jessica opened the door and stepped into our living room.

I heard her say from the other room, "Oh shit! Sorry!" She forgot that my buddy, Todd, was sleeping in the other room.

"No worries, Jessica." Todd said, "I didn't see anything."

Jessica quickly reentered the bedroom and shut the door. She looked at me and asked me, "Why didn't you say anything?"

"Sorry, baby. I forgot we had company." I said.

"I'm so embarrassed!" Jessica said, blushing.

"Don't be embarrassed. It's not a big deal." I assured her.

Jessica quickly snatched up a pair of running shorts and a tank-top off the floor and put them on. Without saying anything else to me, she abruptly reopened the bedroom door and stepped back into the living room.

"I am so sorry, Todd." Jessica apologized.

"It's not a big deal, Jessica." Todd said. "Let's just forget about it."

"Okay. Thanks, Todd." Jessica said.

I climbed out of bed and put on a pair of shorts and tee-shirt and joined them in the living room.

"Are you hungry, Todd? I'm going to make some breakfast." Jessica asked.

"Yea, I'm starving." Todd replied.

Jessica disappeared into the kitchen. I sat down on the couch on the opposite end from Todd. Todd leaned toward me and whispered with a smile, "Nice job, buddy."

I laughed and replied, "Thanks."

"I hear you haven't lost it." Todd said.

"You heard all that?" I asked.

"Only the loud parts." Todd said.

From the kitchen, Jessica asked loudly, "What are you guys laughing about?"

"Nothing, Jessica," I replied, "We're just bullshitting."

I turned my attention back to Todd and asked, "Hey dude, want to watch football?"

"Hell yeah!" Todd exclaimed.

I picked up the remote control and switched on the television. It was Sunday, which is football day in my house.

A few minutes later, Jessica walked back into the living room, carrying a tray of food.

"Nachos!" Jessica announced.

"For breakfast?" I asked.

"It is football day, isn't it?" Jessica asked.

"It sure is." I replied.

"Enjoy." Jessica said as she set the nachos down on the couch between Todd and I. We immediately began excitedly eating them. Jessica walked away and disappeared into the bedroom. A few minutes later, I heard her turn on the shower in the bathroom that is connected to our bedroom.

"That's some girl you have." Todd said.

"Thanks." I replied. "Are you seeing anyone these days?"

"Not really. Well, a few girls," Todd said, laughing, "But, nothing serious. If I had one girl that could take it like that..."

"I had to stretch her out first." I said.

We both laughed.

A few minutes later, the sound of the running water ceased. I heard Jessica rummaging around in the bedroom. Eventually, she came back to the living room. She was wearing extremely short, blue, tight cotton shorts, and a white t-shirt. Her shorts were taut enough to clearly see that she wasn't wearing any panties, and I could see her nipples poking through her shirt, so I knew she wasn't wearing a bra either. My penis instantly jumped in my shorts.

"Hey guys. You doing alright?" Jessica asked.

"Yep, we're good." Todd replied.

"I'm just going to be in the corner doing some yoga. Football isn't really my thing." Jessica said.

"Okay." I said.

Jessica walked to the corner of the room, a few feet to the right side of the television and began stretching. She bent over and touched her toes with her fingertips, and her shorts pulled tightly around her ass and pussy lips. My erection grew inside my shorts. I tried to ignore her and focus my attention on the football game, but her hot body was extremely distracting.

I looked over at Todd to make a comment about the game, and I noticed that he was watching Jessica as well. I wasn't particularly bothered by it, because Todd and I go way back and we've shared girls before. It wasn't out of line, or unexpected, based on our history. I turned my attention back to the television.

"Damn." Todd said.

Nothing had happened in the game that was worthy of Todd's exhilarated remark, so I knew he must have been talking about Jessica. I looked back over at her, and now she was sitting on the floor facing us, with her bottoms of her feet pressed together. Her knees were butterflied out to her sides. Her hands were gripped tightly onto her feet, and she was leaning forward, taking deep breaths. Her shorts were stretched tightly around her vulva, and the shape of her pussy lips was visible. Jessica's eyes were closed, and she wasn't paying any attention to us. I looked over at Todd, and he was staring at her, mesmerized by her body. I could see the bulge in his shorts growing as he watched her stretch. I couldn't blame him, I had a full-on erection too.

"Hey, Jessica. Why don't you come over here?" I suggested.

Jessica opened her eyes and released her stretch. Without a word, she stood up and walked over to the couch and sat her squishy ass down on my right thigh.

"Yes, baby?" Jessica asked.

I placed my right hand on the small of her back, and my left hand on her bare left thigh. Jessica knew by my touch that I was in a sexual mood. She looked down at my crotch and smiled.

"Want to hang out with us?" I asked.

Jessica's gaze was fixed on the huge bulge in my shorts.

"Sure." She said, grinning.

Then Jessica made eye contact with Todd and smiled. He smiled back. While she distracted him with her sexy eyes, she nonchalantly grabbed by bulge with her left hand and gave my cock a quick tug through my shorts. Then she grabbed the tray of nachos and moved it off the couch, and sat between Todd and I.

I leaned over and whispered quietly in her right ear, "He heard everything last night."

Jessica immediately blushed, and smiled.

"Really?" She asked excitedly. I was surprised at her exhilaration, because I would have expected her to be even more embarrassed than she was already.

This caught Todd's attention and he asked, "Really what?"

"Nothing, Todd." Jessica shot back. "I wanna watch the game."

Jessica's shorts were bunched up around her crotch, and her smooth thighs were exposed. Our team scored a touchdown and Jessica raised her hands in the air.

"Yeah!" Jessica exclaimed.

Her tits jiggled freely inside her shirt, and my erection became rock hard. Then she leaned back into the couch, lifting her legs onto the couch cushion. She crossed her legs, exposing her legs even more. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Todd staring at her crotch. The bulge in his shorts grew in response to the sight of her irresistibly smooth thighs.

I leaned over and whispered in her ear again, "I think Todd likes what he sees."

Jessica blushed again.  Then she sultrily whispered into my ear, "Then let him keep liking it."

I could tell that being mine, and being simultaneously desired by Todd turned her on immensely. Maybe she wasn't so embarrassed after all?

Jessica reached down and rested her right hand on my crotch. My penis responded by jumping in my shorts. Jessica stared ahead at the television and smiled. Then she wrapped her fingers around my shaft, through my shorts, and began gently massaging my stiff cock.

I leaned back into the couch and glanced behind Jessica to see that Todd was watching Jessica stroke me. Todd had placed his left hand on his crotch, discreetly touching his cock.

"So, you guys go way back?" Jessica whispered as she began to stroke me faster. Then she casually reached down between her legs with her left hand, and placed her fingers on her pussy lips. She began softly touching herself. "Does he have a nice cock, too?" She asked in a quiet whisper.

For a moment, I was taken aback by her question, but my heightened state of arousal made me much more open to suggestion, and I smiled.

"Let's find out." Jessica said aloud. Then she reached up the leg of my shorts, and pulled out my cock. She remained in a cross-legged position, and leaned over into my lap. Her yoga had sure paid off! She wrapped her soft lips around the tip of my penis, and her blond curly hell hung loosely, tickling my balls.

I glanced over at Todd. He began conspicuously stroking his cock, watching the show that she was putting on. I leaned back, closed my eyes, and enjoyed Jessica's pleasures. She began stroking and sucking me simultaneously. My cock felt like it was about to explode in her mouth.  After a few minutes had passed, I heard Todd groan. I opened my eyes and glanced over to see that Todd had whipped out his cock and was enthusiastically stroking it.

Jessica looked up at me and noticed that I was looking at Todd. She removed my cock from her mouth and asked, "How is his cock?"

I smiled shyly, but didn't respond. Jessica resumed sucking and stroking me. A few moments later, she asked me again, "Well?"

"I guess it's nice." I replied.

Jessica slurped and asked, "Is it big?"

"I don't know." I said.

"Todd, do you have a big cock?" Jessica asked.

I looked over at Todd, and he smiled to himself. I wasn't sure if Todd was big, because my cock is pretty big, but I guess he had a nice cock, it was about 7 inches, circumcised, and thick.

Jessica removed her left hand from her crotch and placed it between my legs. She slipped her fingers underneath my balls and began tickling them with her fingertips. The tickling was so much that my eyes began to water. Then Jessica slipped her hands further down, between my ass cheeks. I squirmed. Jessica began to gently massage my asshole with her fingertips, while she continued to suck me and stroke me with her right hand.

Todd continued to jerk his cock until Jessica interrupted him by removing my cock from her mouth and saying, "Come here, Todd."

Todd climbed off the couch and stepped over toward us. He squatted down, placing his cock right in Jessica's face. Jessica wrapped her juicy lips around his shaft and began slurping away. She sucked him for a minute, while she continued to stroke me. Then she returned to sucking me.

Unexpectedly, Jessica inserted her finger into my asshole and began massaging my prostate. The pleasure was overwhelming and I felt some precum drip out of my cock. Jessica enthusiastically licked it up and swallowed it.

"Why didn't you tell me that Todd had such a nice cock?" Jessica asked.

"I..." I didn't know how to respond.

"Now, there's too much cock for just one girl to suck. I'm gonna need some help." Jessica said.

"I'm not really..." I began.

"Baby, I know you're straight." Jessica said.

Before I could respond, Todd had leaned over and took my cock into his mouth and was slurping away.

"Ohhhh...." I groaned as Todd pumped my cock with his lips and tongue.

Jessica nestled her head underneath Todd's abdomen and took his cock back into her mouth and resumed sucking and stroking. I have to admit, for a straight guy, Todd sure knew how to suck a cock.

I reached down between Jessica's legs and pulled her panties to the side and began massaging her clit.

"Mmmmm..." She moaned. She was dripping wet, and I could tell that Todd sucking my cock had already made her cum.

Jessica pushed Todd back and sat on my lap, straddling me. She pulled her panties to the side, and slowly lowered her pussy down onto my slippery wet cock. I penetrated her, and she began riding me,  bouncing her ass up and down on my lap. She reached up and pulled her shirt up above her tits. Todd helped her remove it over her head. Her tits jiggled freely as she bounced her sweet pussy on my rock hard cock. Todd stepped over, placing his crotch beside us. Jessica eagerly opened her mouth and took his penis into her mouth. I felt her pussy tighten up around my cock, and she began moaning loudly. Jessica pressed down hard against my pelvis and began grinding her clit aggressively against my pubic bone. Her legs began to quiver. I could tell that she was about to cum.

Jessica wrapped her right hand around the base of Todd's shaft and pointed his cock toward my mouth.

"Your turn." Jessica said.

I didn't do anything. Then Jessica reached up with her left hand and placed her fingertips on my lips. She slowly inserted her left index finger between my lips and began sliding it in and out of my mouth.

"Close your eyes!" Jessica instructed me. She continued to penetrate my lips with her finger. I began sucking. "Keep them closed." She said.

The next thing I knew, her finger seemed to grow several times its size. I was too aroused by her tight, wet pussy sliding up and down my shaft to think too much about it, but Todd's massive throbbing cock was suddenly in my mouth. It was big, hard, hot, and it tasted good. I continued sucking. Todd groaned as his cock grew even larger. I tasted his precum on my tongue and I eagerly swallowed it.
