  (I hope you enjoy this story. Respectful, constructive comments welcome; anonymous, hateful comments will be deleted.)



It was to be a long weekend away, the kids were at grandmas until Monday afternoon with them having Monday off from school and Christine and I had a condo rented only a short distance from our home. We have stayed there before, and really enjoyed it so we were able to get a great deal and it happened to fall on a beautiful weekend along the coast of Southwest Florida. We arrived in the early afternoon on Saturday and had a relaxing evening with a romantic dinner and night of great sex. Sunday morning came and we were able to sleep in and then enjoy a wonderful brunch at the restaurant.

Being football fans we went back to our room to get ready to make our way down to the Tiki Bar to watch the games. You see, I follow the Kansas City Chiefs and Tampa Bay Buccaneers, since moving to Southwest Florida it was extremely difficult to watch the games so I started watching the Buccs. My lovely wife likes the Miami Dolphins. She wanted to start watching football this year and decided on the Dolphins; (1) because she liked dolphins and (2) the color of their uniforms. I know, it's a girl thing, but I was just happy she wanted to watch football. Today the teams were playing at the same time but being at the bar we'd have no problem watching both.

Chris dressed in her sexy Dolphins cheerleader tank top, with tight white shorts and high heeled sandals, no underwear with a strapless push up bra keeping her 38Ds lifted creating A LOT of nice cleavage.  I was wearing loose fitting shorts no underwear and a Buccs jersey. We made our way to the bar with many heads being turned to catch a glance at my hot, sexy wife. Once at the bar we were able to get seated in front of two TVs where one had the Buccs and the other the Dolphins. After a while the crowd increased and there were two guys with a girl, I assumed she was one of the two's girlfriend, sitting to the left of Christine routing for the Dolphins. I had several people sitting to my right and many of them I knew from around town so I was engaged in many conversations some related to the game some not. I had a tab started at the bar so my wife was drinking her toasted almonds quite regularly and talking with the crew to her left. At one point she introduced them to me; the first guy turned out to be Christine's ex-boyfriend Fred and his girlfriend Tammy, and the other guy I realized was the landscaper from our neighborhood Craig. I apologized for not recognizing them earlier and shook hands with Fred, Tammy and Craig. Fred is built similar to me; wearing cargo shorts and a tight T-shirt. Tammy was a little taller than Christine, wearing tight jean shorts and a Buccs tank top that showed off her ample cleavage with no bra and pair of high heeled sandals making her legs look awesome. You see me and my wife enjoy an open relationship and have "played" with Craig and Fred in the past. After the introductions and hellos Christine gave me kiss and whispered in my ear, "Fred told me Tammy's cool with the things that we've done before." Well this could end up being an interesting afternoon, I thought to myself.

As the games progressed the Dolphins were losing into the second half and the Buccs were winning. At some point I had Tammy standing next to me and Christine was in between Fred and Craig getting all sorts of attention. When I glanced in her direction Craig had his hand on her ass, rubbing it while Fred had his back to me and Tammy, and we knew he was looking at her ample cleavage. I don't even think they were paying any attention to the game. I ordered another bourbon on the rocks for me and a margarita for Tammy and continued my conversation with the people around me. Tammy was leaning on me as I watched the game and talked so I put my arm around her and rested it on her ass with no complaints. I feel a tap on my shoulder and turn my head to look into the beautiful eyes of my wife. She gives me a hug and long kiss. When the kiss stops she whispers in my ear, "Since the game is not going very well we're going to go back to our room and finish watching it there. Tammy wants to stay here to keep you company since she likes the Buccs more than the Dolphins and I think likes your hands all over her."

As I look at Christine, she has the look in her eyes that I know so well when she's horny and whisper back in her ear, "You know once you get upstairs they're going to fuck you."

"I hope so."

"I'll be up in a little while I want to see the end of this." 

With that my hot wife slides away from me and into the waiting arms of her two admirers and heads off towards the lobby. Tammy sidles back up to my side where I deposit my hand back on her fabulous ass and guide her to stand in front of my bar stool so she can feel my excitement which will also allow me to feel more of her sweet body. She moved without hesitation and I started to explore her body. She offered no resistance and let her body relax more into mine.

After there was a lull in the conversations I was involved in, I noticed that the Dolphins were going to lose their game and the Buccs were on the way to win theirs. I asked Tammy if she'd like to head upstairs to see what the others were doing, having a good idea what we'd find, and continue our impromptu party. She readily agreed and as soon as I settled my tab we headed to the elevators. Once inside the elevator we were the only ones there. Tammy turns to face me, places my hands on her ass and kisses me. She then grabs my ass and rubs my dick through my shorts feeling it grow from all the excitement. When the elevator doors open on the fourteenth floor we stop our activity, I take Tammy by the hand and start down the hallway towards our condo. 

As we approach the condo I can hear music through the door, it's that hard bass beat that comes from dance music. It's the kind of music that we use as major fuck music. With Tammy in tow I open the door and the music gets louder. The only light is coming from the game on the large flat screen in the living room and we hear moaning. Once inside I lock the door, turn around to face the living room and we don't move giving our eyes a chance to adjust. Once our eyes have adjusted to the low light we see that all the sliding doors are open and can see out to the balcony. There on the couch is Christine riding Craig to the beat of the music while Fred is sitting next to them stroking his cock while rubbing and spanking Christine's ass. Tammy and I walk out to the balcony where I sit in one of the large chairs and have her sit on my lap so we can continue to watch the fun. Both guys catch a glimpse of us out of the corner of their eyes but just continue paying attention to my slut wife. I pick up where I left off with Tammy and let my hands feel her all over, undoing her shorts to allow me access to her clit.

Christine is so into fucking that she doesn't know I'm there. Craig's moans start to get louder, with that Christine rides him faster sensing that he is about to cum and moans out, "Oh,,,,Oh,,,,Your dick feels soooo good, I can feel you're about to cum, fuck me!!!!" 

With that he can't hold out any longer and with a loud grunt empties his cock into her pussy. When they calm down Chris dismounts Craig and stands on shaky legs. Fred tells her he wants to fuck her on the king sized bed in the master bedroom. Christine looks over in my direction and finally realizes that I'm there with Tammy in my lap.  She walks over to me leans over and kisses me hard, when she breaks the kiss she says, "I can see you're having fun," then turns and walks into the bedroom through the other open slider with Fred. Craig heads in to the condo to make his way to the bathroom to clean up.

When it's just me and Tammy, we start kissing, stand and start stripping each other. Once we're naked she slides to her knees and starts giving me one hell of a blow job. With the music we can't hear what's going on in the bedroom and really don't care. I step back enough to pull out of Tammy's mouth and tell her to bend over the chair I want to feel how wet her pussy is. Tammy moves into a kneeling position on the chair showing me her fine ass. I line up my cock with her pussy and start to enter her slowly. Her pussy is so wet that I started to pick up my pace and fuck her like we are two wild animals. As I'm fucking her I reach around and rub her clit while smacking her ass. With all that I'm doing to her she starts to yell, "I'm cumming!!!! Don't stop, it feels so fucking good, keep rubbing my clit, that's it, just like that, oh you're cock feels soooo good." I can feel Tammy's pussy pulsating as she starts to cum, I can't hold back any longer and cum so hard I almost fall over and have to hold onto the arms of the chair to steady myself. When we can breathe again I pull out of her and we both head back into the condo. 

In order to get to the bathroom we have to walk through the bedroom. As we enter the bedroom, there on the center of the bed is Christine on all fours getting fucked by Fred as she sucks off a recovered Craig. I can't help but stop and watch how much pleasure my wife is experiencing. Some think that watching makes you a cuckolded husband; to me I get more excited in watching my wife experience pleasure. Tammy continues to the bathroom to freshen up and when she comes out walks passed me smacks my ass and proceeds into the living room/kitchen area to get a drink. I pull myself from the action to go and clean up myself. When I return they're still going at it. By the sounds coming from Craig he is about to cum and Fred is fucking Christine faster signaling that he's close to cumming as well. I watch until Fred cums in her pussy and Craig cums all over her huge tits. After several minutes they disentangle and Fred heads to the bathroom while Craig falls back onto the bed. Christine lies on her side facing me with a huge satiated smile on her face.

She looks at me and says, "I love you."

"I love you too; looks like you really enjoyed yourself."

"Umm, hmm," was all she could get out.

Fred comes out of the bathroom and walks into the living room while Chris slowly gets up and makes her way to the bathroom to shower. While everyone is getting themselves back together we order room service and decide to stay together for the remainder of the day/night. After the food arrives we continue talking about the events of the day and how much we enjoyed how everything worked out. It's still early evening, I'm sitting with Christine on the living room sofa, there's a nice breeze throughout the whole condo. Fred and Tammy are sitting together in the adjoining chair while Craig is sitting next to Christine rubbing her leg. With all the excitement, drink and food I nod off.

I awake and realize Christine in not next to me, in fact I'm alone in the living room and the bedroom door is partially closed. I look at the nearest clock and notice that several hours have passed. I get up, grab something to drink and walk out onto the balcony to catch a glimpse of the bedroom. There on the bed is Christine with her legs spread using her vibrator while the others watch. Craig and Fred have their hands all over her as she masturbates herself with the vibrator. Her moaning is increasing and I can tell she is getting close to cumming. Tammy is on the bed too watching everything and rubbing her own pussy. Christine's moaning is getting louder and I know that the fun is just about to start because she is one of the few women who can squirt when she cums. My lovely slut wife yells out that she's cumming and just when you think she's done, she yells again and squirts. Fred and Craig both are stunned from what they just witnessed but turned on as hell by it!!!

I pull a chair closer to the bedroom's entrance and watch as Tammy goes to Fred, pushes him down on the bed and mounts him. Craig is still touching Christine while stroking his cock, who could blame him; I can't stop touching her when I'm near her. It takes Chris a few minutes to recover, and when she does he tells her, "That was the hottest thing ever."

In between moans Tammy says, "That turned me on more than I already was."

With that Christine pushes Craig onto his back, gets on her knees and starts sucking him off. With her beautiful ass in the air I get up, walk over behind her and enter her VERY wet pussy. The fuck session lasts well into the night, with Tammy and Christine getting used and very well fucked from all three of us guys. 

The night ends with all of us collapsing and sleeping between the master bedroom and the pull out in the living room. When morning arrives we exchange numbers with Tammy, already having Craig and Fred's, and promise to get together again soon.

While Christine and I are cleaning up, packing and getting ready to check out she fills me in on what happened before I found her being fucked on the balcony. "When we got into the elevator they were all over me. It felt so good to have two sets of hands feeling me. Once we were in the room we realized how much the game sucked. Fred then turned on the music and Craig pulled me off of the couch and started to kiss me. As Craig kissed me I felt Fred come up behind me and start to kiss my neck and rub my ass. Craig had his hands all over my tits and pulled my shirt off as Fred undid my shorts from behind and pulled them down kissing and licking my ass and legs. Once they had me completely naked Craig and Fred remembered from the last time we were together that I liked being told what to do and they took control telling me to get on my knees and suck them off. They had such great cocks, and after a while they both told me what a slut I was and to get out on the balcony they wanted to put their dicks in my pussy. At this point my pussy was really wet and I was dripping as I walked out onto the balcony. That was where you and Tammy found us."

After hearing this I was so turned that I had to have her right there and then. We fucked one more time like two long lost lovers. I love my wife with all of my heart and soul and love all of the things we do together. As always, I look forward to our next adventure and you'll just have to wait for me to share that with all of you, until next time.