 My husband, Tom, enjoys having a half dozen of his friends over, from time to time, to watch football. We have a 52" wide screen HD TV and they enjoy coming over and drinking beer, eating snacks and getting a little rowdy watching the game in our den.

Now, I am not saying that I would ever show up on the cover of any famous magazines but I consider myself fairly attractive and at almost 5'7" tall, 132 pounds, with nice 34 "C" cups and long shapely legs and a nicely shaped butt (my husband says my legs and butt are dynamite) I think I look pretty good for someone almost 34. I go to the gym and work out regularly and keep myself fit. 

My husband has told me (only after he was pretty drunk after the football games) that the guys always comment to him how good I look and how lucky he is to have a wife as good looking as I am.

One Sunday the guys came over to the house for the game. I went to the gym as I usually do and got home about two hours later. I looked in on the guys and they weren't watching the game but instead were playing "beer pong" (the game apparently was a blow out with their team behind by more than twenty points at the half and the point difference still rising). 

They had a twist to this game: Instead of chugging a beer when they missed they were doing shots of tequila. My husband must have not been doing too well because he looked pretty wasted but I didn't stay in "boy's town" too long and went to shower and change.

I showered and changed and put on one of my favorite outfits, a pair of terry cloth shorts that came down about a third of the way of the length of my shapely thighs, a sports bra and a sleeveless terry cloth top. They fit loosely but had a real sexy look about it. I went back out to the den to see how things were going and saw that my husband had passed out and the rest were still playing beer pong. 

They were all feeling the effects of the tequila but only my husband was out. They then asked me if I wanted to play. I thought about it for a minute and then agreed. I missed my first four shots and it wasn't long and I was feeling the tequila. I also noticed how my husband's friends were all looking at me and undressing me with their eyes and I started to get horny with that familiar yearning in my crotch. It was then that one of the guys switched the channel on the TV and tuned in one of the adult channels. 

I don't know what the show was but it was showing a strip club and the girl's doing pole dances and taking off their clothes. The guys all started looking at the TV and each of them started to show a bulge in their pants.

I looked at them and the TV and what I said next even surprised me: "If you boys want to see a show, I'll give you a show! Let me go get some props." 

With that I went to my bedroom got my favorite silicon dildo/vibrator (it's about 9" long and 1 ½ inches wide) some KY and a sheer scarf. I wrapped the dildo and the KY in the scarf and went to the dining room and got a chair. 

When I got back to the den they were still watching the TV but had puzzled looks on their faces as they were not sure what I was going to do. 

I took another hit of tequila, for courage, turned off the TV and said: "I don't have a pole for a pole dance but I do have a chair." So I set down the chair and the scarf and went and turned on the stereo so I had music to dance to. 

I then started to do a slow strip tease. First, I took off my top, dancing around the chair and then dancing in front of the guys waving the shirt. Then came the sports bra doing the same thing only this time when I danced around the boys I rubbed my tits in their faces. I was getting so hot and I could see they were too. 

I then slipped off my shorts and danced around in my lace thong, once again rubbing their faces in my tits. They were about out of their minds and I could smell the testosterone in the air. I danced my way back to the chair and gyrated my butt in front of them and slowly removed my now wet thongs exposing my completely bald pussy. I could hear them all inhale and exhale sharply as I gyrated my stuff.

That's when I sat down and said: "Now for the next part of my show". I took another hit of tequila and so did each of them. I reached down and grabbed the scarf and pulled out my dildo. I proceeded to lick and suck on it and slowly rub it on my tits and at the same time fingering my pussy. They could hardly breathe. 

I grabbed the KY and slicked up my toy and started shoving it into and out of my throbbing cunt. It didn't take too long and I was arching my back in a long and hard orgasm. I even remember letting out a loud moan as I came, sitting there running my toy in and out of me.

I pulled out my toy and licked it clean and said to the boys: 

"Which one of you would like a lap dance?" They all raised their hands and I said: 

"Ok, since I can't do all of you at once you need to shoot a beer pong, the first score gets the lap dance." It was Jerry who scored first so I told him to come up and sit in the chair. Jerry is about 25 years old and in real good shape. He is about six feet tall and weighs about 180 pounds. 

I straddled his lap and gyrated my pussy on his hard cock and rubbed my tits in his face. He started moaning and gyrating so I stopped, and had him stand up. I sat down, had him face me and I then opened his pants, releasing his cock which was so engorged that the head was hard and a little purplish in color and a good deal of pre-cum was oozing out the end. 

I grabbed his cock with my right hand, licked off the pre-cum, and licked all around the head and down the bottom of the shaft. He started breathing real hard. I then put my mouth around that cock of his and started running my mouth up and down and with my left hand started massaging his balls. 

I felt his nut sack tighten up and felt him bucking his hips, forward and back, fucking my mouth then with a cry he started cumming in my mouth, spurting his hot jism down my throat. He stepped back and I could see the other guys now had their dicks out and all with raging hard-ons.

I then went over to our "love chair", an over sized bean bag chair and sat down, spread my legs and started fingering myself. Charley looked at me and said: "That pussy looks good enough to eat and I want to eat it!" The other guys all snickered with that and I looked at them questioningly. 

It was then that Charley stuck out his tongue. It was at least four inches long. I spread my legs even wider and laid back and said: "Well eat me then!" He came over and started kissing and licking my neck, down my chest where he nibbled and licked my rock hard nipples then down my stomach. He then dropped down to my feet and licked and kissed the insides of my ankles, worked his way up the insides of my calves, then the insides of my thighs and then plunged his tongue deep into my aching, waiting pussy. 

I could feel that tongue of his swirling inside of me, hitting my g-spot and then working my clit. I started cumming in convulsive waves, over and over.

That's when I said (much to my own surprise: "OK, now it's time for the action, fuck me, fuck me hard, all of you!" Charley then stood up, took off his clothes and slammed his engorged cock deep into my pussy. I started cumming immediately, bucking my hips up and down and moaning like crazy. He started cumming too, filling up my cunt with his cum. 

Charley got off, then it was Phil's turn. He shoved his 9 inch cock in me and I started cumming again telling him to fuck me, over and over. He came in me as well . Then it was Bob's turn, followed by Sam each one shoving their swollen cock into me and shooting me full of their hot cum. 

The only one left was Jim, Jim stood up, pulled off his clothes and came over with his cock and it was a monster. It was 10 to 11 inches long and 2 inches across. I could see why he waited until last. He came over and pushed that monster into my face where I licked off his pre-cum, stuck my tongue into the hole and licked the head and shaft. 

I sucked on the end but his cock was way too big to fit in my mouth. I looked up at him and all I could say was: "Shove that thing in me and make me cum!" With that he shoved his huge cock right in, all the way. He took long and hard but steady strokes driving that big cock completely into me and then pulling it almost all of the way out. 

He was able to control himself longer than the others fucking me hard and long and steady for about 10 minutes. I was racked with orgasms, over and over, my head was flailing back and forth and I was bucking my hips up and down to match his thrusts. I was cumming so hard and fast I thought I was going to pass out and then he started cumming and he must have cum inside me for a full two minutes filling me up with his hot jism. 

He got off and they all took their turns fucking my soaking wet and willing cunt again. I cannot remember ever having orgasms like I did that afternoon. They soon finished, got dressed and left. Thanking me for a damn good time. I was just sitting there in this huge puddle of man juice. The whole time my husband never stirred, not even once. He never knew what happened (or did he?).

I got up cleaned up telltale signs of the mess we left, went and took a shower and then went to bed. Tom came in shortly afterwards and to my surprise he jumped on top of me and started fucking me hard. I was thinking that he didn't appear as drunk as I thought he was but then I was still a little drunk too and I was cumming again so the thought passed. As I slipped into another set of amazing orgasms.