 Our neighbor John moved into the house behind us shortly after summer started. It was a small house with a few young poplars and various bushes planted in the back yard. He had a hot tub and swimming pool with several reclining lawn chairs decked around it. By fall we noted that he liked to party a lot, on several occasions seeing upwards of twenty people gathered behind his house. They'd drink and carouse and swim but mostly kept the noise down while enjoying their festivities. It wasn't until football season started that I first spoke to him.

My girlfriend and I had each mowed about half our lawn when we heard John ask if we liked watching football. I emphatically answered, "Yes," while Jill offered that she could take it or leave it. Judging by the t-shirt John wore, we happened to be fans of the same team so I immediately asked if he'd care to watch a game that weekend. Come that weekend however he called to say his friend had been in a car accident and he had to visit the hospital so wouldn't be able to make the game. Jill wasn't a big fan of sports but she would occasionally sit with me and watch. "Ah well," I thought, "I can get by without a football buddy."

We had a pretty fair sized two story house which we'd bought together a year after we started dating and had lived in for two years. On the bottom level was our kitchen, living and dining room, bathroom, and study. A large sliding glass door led to the backyard where to one side of the yard was a shed and to the other side an old maple tree, with no real landscaping done but still a pleasant looking weed free green lawn. My favorite part of our house had always been the upstairs entertainment room which I kept arranged around a wide screen flat panel television, stereo, bar and accessories. Out of that room was also a sliding glass door which led to an upstairs deck supported by two white pillars. We kept our grill out on the deck along with some cushioned chairs and a small table. Both bedrooms were located upstairs along with our bathroom. Our master bedroom was well furnished, if not large, and we'd recently bought an extremely comfortable queen-sized bed for it.

I had watched the football game upstairs by myself the weekend that John couldn't show, and fallen asleep after it ended for a couple or more hours. Jill and I had planned on having a quiet evening and ordering pizza, which we did awhile after I awoke from my nap. Around 8:00 p.m. we had decided to chit chat out on our deck and have some mixed drinks. Shortly after we'd begun, we noticed John outside by his pool. I called out and waved over to him. He motioned for us to come over so we headed downstairs and over to his back yard. He told us his friend was going to be all right and would be out of the hospital in a couple days, then after some polite conversation asked if we'd care to join him for a swim in his pool. My girlfriend agreed that would be fun, and although I said I'd stay I remarked how I didn't really care much for swimming (I'd almost drowned as a youngster and never much cared for it). I mentioned that I didn't own any swimming shorts (I don't recall ever owning any honestly) so I'd just sit by the pool and visit. John insisted and told me he'd give me some of his to wear since we were both the same build, slim and of average height but athletic looking. So, Jill headed back to our house for her bikini and John and I went into his to put on some shorts.

The black shorts he handed me however weren't the ordinary swimming trunks I was familiar with. These were biker shorts and made of thin material. He remarked that he biked a lot and always used those type shorts for swimming too. I took them and headed into his bathroom to change. After I put them on I felt a little awkward as I'd never worn such skimpy shorts before, but figured, "What the hell . . . ," it was getting dark out anyway. Shortly I headed out to his pool and stashed my other clothes on a chair outside. I walked into the water before John had even exited his house, and I stayed on the short end where I knew I wouldn't have to do any actual swimming. John came out carrying several towels in front of him and went behind his hot tub, I suspected, to arrange temperature controls and whatnot for the tub. Within a couple minutes, Jill too appeared coming out of our house. 

Now Jill, I must describe, has always looked splendid and sexy in a bikini. Her skin, always tan, her breasts and hips of perfect proportion to her 5'5" frame. I kinda figured John would get a thrill out of seeing her in her bathing suit. She is very pretty, but perhaps her best physical asset is her knockout body and a set of legs to die for. Sure enough, as Jill approached I could see John's eyes perk up. There's just no denying how she gathers looks from people, especially being half naked as she was.

What really floored me however had to do with John rather than the way my girlfriend looked. Jill had been walking toward me in the pool when John walked out from behind the hot tub. I had not seen his waistline in these biker shorts we were both wearing yet. Oh my God! That was the only thought that went through my head after he'd come from behind the tub and dropped the towels onto a chair. I quickly looked away but I remember vividly what I saw bulging out of his white biker shorts. His balls were each plum sized it appeared, and even though you could tell he was soft, his penis laid down his leg and looked the size of mine when erect. To be honest I felt a little uncomfortable at that moment, and damn jealous. I kept an eye on Jill to see what her reaction would be but could never detect anything out of the ordinary from her.

Although we only spent another hour in the pool, we did enjoy ourselves. Even I managed to dog paddle a few feet once and awhile. Mostly we just chatted and relaxed in the pool. Jill was the first to say she wanted to go in. I followed soon after her and we headed to bed early for a good night's rest before work in the morning. I must remark however, that every time John had gotten out of the pool you couldn't help but gawk for a split second and that bulge in his shorts. The size was just something you don't see every day, and as I felt a bit odd thinking about it, I didn't get out of the pool til I headed back to my house - without even drying off first. I had simply thanked John for having us over and told him we had to get to sleep early for work the next day.

That night in bed before we went to sleep, I wondered if Jill would comment about anything she'd seen that evening. We were very open about anything sexual and often talked about sex. We've always been this way, explicit about our sex life - watching porn, using lots of sex toys, engaging in a little role playing once in awhile - so for her to mention something wouldn't necessarily be strange. We talked a little about what things we needed to do the next day after work, some errands and a couple chores, then soon settled into our usual position going to sleep; with me draping my arm around her from behind and spooning so to speak. And then she spoke up, "It's nice to have a neighbor that will invite us over for something, eh? The rest of our neighbors are all too old or just plain boring to be around."

"Yeah I agree"

"And I liked swimming, you don't swim so I don't get a chance to do it that much any more."

"Yeah, I know honey. I just never much cared for the water," I replied.

Then she piped in with, "Ya know, I couldn't believe the way his package looked in those shorts."

I wasn't quite sure how to respond so I simply threw in a lame, "Yeah, I noticed that too. He had quite a lot of manhood in there." 

But of course she had to revisit the dialogue with, "Quite a lot? That's an understatement. He must be huge!"

"Oh honey," I disclaimed, "don't get all excited now" - to which she laughed and then we soon nodded off to sleep.

...............................................

Over the next couple months we got to know John pretty well. He had come over the next weekend to watch football and it made for a weekly enjoyment. He'd bring beer, Jill and I would make snacks, and we'd all sit in our entertainment room watching at least one game. And we'd frequently meet up in our back yards and talk about everything under the sun, from sports to current events to politics to the weather. It helped that we were all in our early thirties so we shared some of the same view points on many things, and overall agreed on most others. It's safe to say that by November, John had become a friend of ours and we both enjoyed his company.

I noted that Jill and I had been having sex more during that time period also. As I mentioned, we did a lot of fantasizing and role playing: from pretending to be master/slave, being a teacher with the other a student in class, even playing doctor. We shared the roles also, just depending on who felt like exhibiting a more dominant role. One of our favorite fantasy sex routines which had developed early on in our relationships had to do with threesomes. Sometimes we'd pretend there was another girl involved and Jill would use a soft pocket pussy on me while she did other things to me, and sometimes we'd pretend the 3rd party was a guy in which case I'd use any of her various vibrators dildos and take turns using them or using my own penis on her. But in those previous couple months it seemed our role playing had picked up and it was almost always a fantasy 'threesome' role playing consisting of me, her, and another guy. And the other guy happened to be her largest dildo, a nine incher I'd bought her a year prior and which she'd given a name, Ben. We had both gotten some amusement from time to time when she'd call out the dildo's name upon orgasm, "Ben, Ohhhhh Ben! Yes! Oh, fuck me harder!"

Often too I'd use a smaller dildo and myself inside her, pretending that it was two guys having sex with her at the same time. It had taken awhile before her muscles had stretched enough to accept that but we were almost to the point where I could use Ben and me inside her. One Saturday night however, during the course of having sex and using her Ben on her she caught herself saying, "Oh God, yes, yes, oh John . . . er," and trailed off into silence. We both stopped and she looked at me in the candle lit room and she said, "I didn't mean to say that." 

Neither of us had ever had an actual threesome, tho I know we had both fantasized about it and talked about it between us at times. We had made a sort of verbal agreement that if we ever did decide to do it, we would do it twice. She'd told me that if we ever had another girl involved, then after we'd also have to have a threesome with a guy. And I agreed the other way around. By the time of her mentioning John's name in bed however, I must admit I had been fantasizing more about having another guy involved as opposed to a girl, as I suspected she had too.

So when she said what she'd said in bed, after a pause, I simply asked her. I asked if she'd been fantasizing about John. She denied it then, as I would soon be told, because she didn't want to make me jealous. You see, we'd talked about threesomes before, but never really seriously or in the planning stage of having one. I mean, we'd also talked about how nice it would be to run over one of our neighbor's dogs because it barked all the time but we obviously never made plans or meant anything really serious by it. This turned out to be different however.

I told her it was okay to think about stuff like that, that I occasionally thought about other girls too when we role played. "Real girls?", she asked. "Sure," and I mentioned a few. So she 'fessed up that indeed, she had been thinking about our friend John but didn't want me to be upset. It was at that point when I confessed something which surprised her perhaps more than she surprised me. I told her I'd been fantasizing about the same thing. I told her that a threesome with another guy would probably be just as good as with another girl and that I'd be in favor of it if the opportunity arose. Over the course of ten minutes or so we both agreed John would probably make a good playmate; he was good looking, we all got along well, and of course he must be hung like a horse which would make for adding the 'wow' factor. To Jill's further surprise I restated that it would be a fantasy fulfillment of mine also and that I would not become jealous. 

So a day later, when John came over to watch some football, I intentionally drank a little more than usual and encouraged him (and Jill) to do the same. We hadn't much broached the subject of sex before other than to ask why he didn't have a girlfriend (his fiancé had cheated on him a couple months before he'd moved into his new house). He'd talked about other girlfriends he'd had but never gone into much detail. On this occasion however, Jill did the asking. She asked which of his former girlfriends he had liked the most and who was the prettiest. She even asked who had been the best in bed for him. And he told us. Then I broke out with, "Did ya ever have a threesome with any of them?", to which, like most guys he replied, "No, but I always wanted to."

He mentioned that he and a former girlfriend had come close once but that his girlfriend had backed out of it. Jill asked if the other person involved was a girl or guy to which John chuckled a bit and explained the other person was a girl and was also a former girlfriend. 

Jill then asked, "Well what if your girlfriend had wanted another guy for a threesome what would you have done?"

"Well I don't know. I hadn't thought of it. I'd probably have done it tho, I'm not really an inhibited guy"

It was at that time Jill and I explained our stance on the whole matter of having three members in bed together at once. I told him I'd be okay with another guy only if it meant we'd also have another girl sometime. John smiled and said that sounded like a good agreement. Once he asked what we would want the other guy to be doing in a threesome I kind of felt we were hooking him into some consideration. I told him there weren't really any limits that we'd thought of, as long as everyone was respectful and enjoying themselves. I remember John and I had been discussing different positions a male male female threesome might find useful when we noticed Jill had gone into our bedroom. When she returned we saw she'd put on her bikini. It was too cold out for swimming so I figured she might be planning to ask John about using his hot tub. John asked her as much but she said, "No, I was just getting into something more comfortable."

Jill then came and sat on the floor in front of me and asked if I would massage her neck. So, I did. As I was doing so she told me to work down toward her shoulder blades more. So, I did. After a minute she asked if anyone would be offended if she took off her bikini top. I answered, "No," and by the look on John's face I could tell he didn't have any objections either. So, she did. As stated, Jill has some fine looking breasts, but she also has some incredible nipples that seem to get long and hard any time they're exposed to air. And they did. I remember John, head in hand trying not to stare but having difficulty not doing so. Who could blame him? She only had her top off a couple minutes when she stood up and walked toward our bedroom door. She said to no one in particular she needed more massaging. I was a bit shocked when she looked to John and told him he was welcome to help out too if he wanted. At that she stood in front of our bedroom doorway, removed her bikini bottom, and walked in while the last of her clothing slid down her smoothly tanned legs and dropped to the floor. I stood up and followed her. I turned back and retold John he could come in with us if he wanted. And so, he did.

..................................................

Jill was in the process of lighting the candle on the night stand toward the head of our bed when I entered. I walked toward the foot of the bed and took all but my boxers off, watching Jill's every catlike movement as she crawled onto the expanse of bed sheeting. She looked great as ever in the darkened room half-lit by candlelight. She had lain with her weight slightly on her right side but with her ass facing up, her left leg bent with her ankle laying atop her right calf. Her arms were stretched above her but folded inward where she laid the right side of her face on her clasped hands. I could see she could watch me out of the corner of her eye as she stretched a little to see what I was doing. I climbed into bed over to her right, cupping her ass cheek as I did and sliding my left hand along her back and up to her shoulder and neck. At about this time John appeared at the doorway but held up and leaned against the door frame. For the next couple minutes it appeared out of my peripheral vision he simply stood and watched, holding a drink in his hand.

As I'd been half massaging, half caressing Jill's shoulders, she to John in a tentative voice, "You can come over to the bed if you want, my legs could use a massage." At that John walked to the night stand, set down his drink, and went to the foot of the bed by Jill's feet. He raised one knee, lifting it onto the bed and sat down half way. I could tell he was a little unsettled as to how to proceed since he only used the back of his hand to brush along her legs really lightly. I decided he might enjoy a different view of Jill's body so I curled my forearm along her side and nudged her to rotate toward me as I scooted over a bit. With Jill on her back then she raised her right leg and placed her foot on John's lap and in doing so had spread her legs just enough to where her slit was no doubt visible from below. I had begun tickling her breasts with my hands when I had to stop and chuckle a bit after Jill said to no one in particular, "I'm probably not gonna be able to walk that well after you guys get done with me tonight, huh?". I remember thinking she'd said it more as a statement of desire than a real question. I told John it could get a bit warm in the room and he might want to take off some clothes. He smiled a bit and did so. 

As John was getting undressed, I reached my hand down to Jill's clitoris and began massaging it a bit. She brought her knees up and had spread her legs more by the time John had almost finished undressing. He too had left his underwear on and was moving to get into bed when Jill said, "Uh-huh, you can get into bed all the clothing is off, "And you too babe, take off your boxers." I don't remember who took their underwear off faster, me or him, but I remember watching him crawl up onto the bed in the half light of the room. As a guy I didn't really ever gauge another man's looks or body, but was interested to see that penis of his. Trust me when I say it was as imagined. This thing was rather massive and engorged with the excitement that I'm sure all three of us were feeling by that time. Talk about jealousy or penis envy! I was the jealous one here. The only thing I could compare it too, having never before seen another man erect other than on TV screens, was Jill's dildo. John was almost that size in length but just as thick. Just looking at his cock, I couldn't believe I was feeling the way I did, but it excited me - kind of turned me on. He slid up sitting a bit 'indian-style' toward Jill's groin as I continued massaging her clit and occasionally sliding a couple fingers further down her slit. John began caressing both her inner thighs when I could tell by Jill's wetness that she was ready, willing, and able for any action we could bring. I loved the way her clit became when aroused. It would grow from barely present to a half-inch in size, stiffening into a hard bulb that could so readily be played with or licked or sucked. And oh how she loved it. Too, it always seemed the more her clit was massaged the wetter her pussy would become with each moan she'd make during arousal.
