 Author's note:

This is a sequel of "All for You." Reading that story first will provide more backstory about Melissa and her boyfriend, but this story also stands on its own.

*****

"Look, can't we just get naked again?" Melissa tugged at her clothes. "This shirt itches. And these pants are too tight." 

"I'm not comfortable either, but Susan will be here soon. We can put up with it for one evening." Then I added, "And then I get to undress you. I hardly ever get to do that anymore. Taking off your clothes always feels like Christmas."

Melissa smiled and shook her head, then went back to tidying up her living room. I turned back to getting dinner ready before her best friend arrived.

Hearing Melissa complain about wearing clothes was such a remarkable change from the shy, reluctant girl I'd met only three months before. When we first met, I discovered a girl inhibited by years of shame, guilt and fear about sex and men instilled by her extremely strict upbringing. Even at twenty-four, she had barely dated anyone, and had only had sex three times with the same inexperienced guy. 

After our weekend camping of nude camping and sexual adventure, she was a changed woman. Melissa still felt some shame when we were together, but the fear was gone and she was rapidly releasing her pent up desires and curiosity about sex. It was a beautiful transformation to witness. I admired her courage and loved being the target of Melissa's growing sexual desires.

Surprisingly, the nudity helped. It was new to us both, but whether she was at my place or hers, she insisted we shuck off our clothes the moment we closed the apartment door. Just doing normal things without clothes felt great, and somehow it helped us to be more open with each other. Somehow, it's more difficult to keep secrets when all your intimate bits are on full display. We were so used to being naked around each other that now it wasn't sexual. It was just freeing.

Regardless, I still caught myself staring at her beauty. She had modest boobs with an unusually narrow waist that flared out to womanly hips and an ass that was broad and toned. I could look at Melissa all day and never grow tired.

~~~~

Melissa had invited Susan, her best friend, for dinner. It was a thank you, of sorts. I knew Susan a little through one of my close friends, and it was she who suggested that Melissa and I should meet.

"You did actually talk to her before, right?" asked Melissa as she fussed around, straightening up her apartment. 

I was at her stove, cooking and called back to her, "Yes, a few times. It's my friend Doug who really knows her. She was there many times when we went out drinking. We talked a few times."

"Did you ever ask her out?"

"C'mon, she would have told you that. She is your best friend. No, I never got to know her that well. I thought she was already attached."

"Oh, she's constantly attached. And then detached. And attached again. She never keeps a guy for long."

"But she's gorgeous," I said. And she was. Susan was a classic Nordic beauty: tall with elegant features and prominent cheekbones, light blonde hair to her shoulders, nice tight bum, and big boobs. Overall, she was a walking wet dream for most guys.

"You know," said Melissa, "you're not supposed to tell your girlfriend that another woman is 'gorgeous'."

"Oh, right. Sorry. What I meant to say was that I could see how some guys might find her attractive, but she's a pestilent old hag compared to the radiant, heart stopping beauty of my lovely, funny and brilliant Melissa."

A cushion from the couch hit me in the back of the head.

"Hey!" I exclaimed. "No disturbing the chef or dinner will be ruined." I tossed the cushion back at Melissa.

"Since it's you cooking, dinner is probably already ruined."

"Oh, ouch. C'mon, you have to admit I do okay for a guy. Of course, I don't have your genetic advantage."

Melissa looked puzzled. "What?"

"You know... the cooking and cleaning genes that all women possess. No guy can ever compete with that."

Melissa opened her mouth to say something but then looked at the can of furniture polish in her hand and at her homemade Hors d'oeuvres laid out on the coffee table.

We were still laughing and calling each other mean names when the door buzzer sounded.

Melissa let Susan in. She kissed Melissa on the cheek and when I extended my hand to shake hers, Susan pulled me close and kissed my cheek too.

"So, you're the guy who saved Melissa."

"Nice to see you again, Susan. But give me a break. Melissa saved herself. I like to think that I'll be the ruin of her. I bet her parents already think that."

Susan smiled. "They would if they knew what you two have been doing."

I went back to cooking and let the girls talk. When the food was ready, Susan helped us serve. We opened some cheap wine and I proposed a toast. 

"To Susan. Who insisted Melissa and I meet, and is therefore the cause of her imminent ruin." The girls chuckled and we clinked glasses. 

From the few brief times I had talked to Susan before, I knew she was brash and straightforward, so I was a little anxious. It was important to make a good impression, for Melissa's sake, since the pair had been best friends since high school. Susan studying me intently at the start of dinner didn't help, but soon she was joking and telling embarrassing stories about our Melissa.

Susan said "I never knew that getting your brains fucked out would have changed you so much, Melissa." She eyed me for a reaction.

Melissa gasped, "Oh my God, Susan! You're so crude."

"It's true. You've really changed since seeing this guy. I tried so many times to draw you out of your shell. But I guess that's what's made us such good friends, huh? Guy troubles."

I poured us all more wine and said, "Okay, Susan, that's what I don't get. You're so pretty and you seem to have your act together. Guys must be tripping over themselves for you."

Susan paused then said, "Yeah, that's the problem."

"Uh..."

Melissa said, "What she means is, Susan attracts every asshole in the universe. What is it you call your theory?"

"The Too Fucking Pretty Syndrome," said Susan.

"Yeah, that," said Melissa. Arrogant assholes are always trying to get in her pants. And nice guys think they don't stand a chance and stay away."

Susan said, "Guys have been hitting on me since I was like, eight."

"Well, that's disgusting," I said.

"Welcome to my world. Everywhere its cat-calls on the street and macho dipshits who want to claim me as some trophy."

I paused. "You know... to be honest, I think I'm guilty of that too. I never even considered approaching you when we hung out at the bars with Doug."

"See? I wish you had. Then it might be me telling Melissa how happy I am, instead of the other way around."

I didn't know how to process that odd comment, so I said "But you can approach guys too. And online it's easy."

Susan said, "Oh, it is. But guys see my pictures and think they're fake, or I'm trolling, or a hooker. But I shouldn't complain. I have found a few good guys."

"Well, that's great."

"One guy moved away, another got tired of macho guys challenging him."

"Challenge him?"

"The 'hey baby, drop that loser and come be with a real man' thing. And when the assholes didn't take 'go fuck yourself' for an answer, there was always a fistfight. He got tired of it. So did another guy I saw for a while."

"Well," I said. "Then I guess you're screwed. Either you make yourself ugly, which would take an awful lot of work, or give up and become a nun. I hear there's a big demand for nuns right now."

Susan gasped and Melissa threw a dinner roll at me.

Melissa laughed, "You're such an asshole."

Susan said, "So are all this guy's jokes this same 'dad joke' level of quality?"

"Oh, good point," said Melissa. "Imagine how bad the jokes would get if he ever did became a dad? I'd have to leave him."

"From what you told me, you almost did make him a dad."

Melissa blushed and cast her eyes down. "Yeah... that was bad. I'm on the pill now."

I interrupted. "Hold on there. Just how much did Melissa tell you about our camping trip?"

"Everything," said Susan.

"Everything!" said Melissa.

"Melissa, what the hell?"

"What? She's my best friend. We tell each other everything."

"Well, shit. Now I feel completely exposed."

"Oh yeah, speaking of that," said Susan, "You know, Melissa, at school you never even got naked in the locker room. Always covered up with a towel. Then you spend a whole weekend naked with this guy? Did he hypnotize you or something?"

I leaned back and rested my hands behind my head. "It's just my masculine charms."

"Oh, barf," said Susan, wrinkling her nose and giving me a look.

Melissa said, "You should try it. It's weird at first but then you just feel, well... free."

Susan eyed me. "Not with some guy's pecker wagging at me all the time."

"It's not like that," said Melissa. "Well, okay, it is at first. But then it becomes normal. Nudity is really only a sexual thing in North America, you know. In Europe they have public saunas and it's normal for strangers to be naked together. Go in with a bathing suit and they'll tell you to leave."

Susan looked suspicious. "Sounds like you've been reading nudist propaganda or something."

"I don't know. I just know that we like it."

"We? You mean you're still prancing around without clothes?"

Melissa blushed again. "Well... yeah. It's just normal for us now."

"So if I wasn't here..." said Susan.

"...we'd be naked right now."

Susan sat back in her chair and exhaled. "Holy shit. You crazy kids."

The wine flowed as the conversation progressed. Susan was clearly intrigued so I said, "It's not a big deal. Why don't you just try it?"

She rolled her eyes. "Yeah, I bet you'd like that."

I said, "I don't mean now. No, I mean try going without clothes at home sometime. Like Melissa said, it becomes normal pretty quickly. Even my 'pecker' is used to it." I smiled.

If we hadn't all been a little drunk, we wouldn't have been having such a conversation. But we were all feeling a little loose.

When dinner was cleaned up, Melissa and I joined Susan on the couch with a fresh bottle of wine. We chatted and joked, getting to know each other, even getting into arguments about politics and religion. Like Melissa, Susan was funny and very sharp on current events and made some well-considered arguments during the conversations. I liked her.

Then Susan took a big sip of wine and said, "So how would we do this?"

"Do what?" said Melissa.

"Get naked. You say it's so great. I want to try."

"What, now? You should just do it at home."

"That's not the same, is it? I'm naked at home every time I take shower. Doing it around other people is the thing. And to you two it's normal, so... why not?"

I was surprised, and Melissa, looking at me, seemed surprised.

"Susan, are you really serious?" asked Melissa.

Susan said, "We always share everything, right? And where else could I try such a thing with people I know and can trust? So, how do we do this?"

I said, "Uh, well, I don't know. If we were to do it, we could turn off the lights and see if you were comfortable."

"Okay."

Melissa looked at me, unsure. "Susan, it's not a big deal for us. But I don't want you to feel uncomfortable."

Susan said, "Oh relax. I'm a big girl. And like you said, it's only skin. Just turn off the lights."

So we turned off all the lights in the apartment. The only remaining light was the dim nighttime glow of the city coming through the apartment windows. Melissa and I undressed. It felt so good to get them off. I took the clothes into her bedroom.

When I returned, Melissa hugged me. "Think she'll be okay?"

"Who's speaking, please?" I joked, groping Melissa's face like a blind man. "I'm more concerned I won't get to see any of her at all. It's so dark in here."

We looked over and Susan was standing by the windows, looking out. Then she took a breath, shucked off all her clothes, and put them on a chair. She went back to the windows, her slender body an enticing silhouette. She stood toying with a short gold chain she had kept on around her neck.

Melissa and I sat on the couch and sipped our drinks. After a few minutes, Susan came over. There was barely enough light to see even her outline. I expected Susan to sit in one of the chairs on the other side of the coffee table, but she plopped down right beside me on the couch.

"So," she said. "How's your pecker?"

We laughed, then I did my best "Joey from Friends" impression and said "Hey, how YOU doin'?"

"Quite a way to spend an evening. Sitting here naked beside my best friend's boyfriend. And Melissa over there... a few months ago she was certain she'd be dragged to hell if she even looked at a guy. Now she's sitting here, tits out, sipping wine like it's nothing."

Melissa said, "I've been pushing my comfort zone, like you always said. So Susan, now that's we're, uh, comfortable, we do have a dessert prepared if you're interested."

"Oh yeah! The best part of every meal." said Susan. "What've you got?"

"Chocolate fondue," answered Melissa.

"You two planned all of this, didn't you? What's next, a game of naked Twister?"

Once we finished laughing at that, Melissa got the little fondue pot and tray of fruit from the kitchen at set it on the coffee table. She lit the candle under the pot. It cast enough light for me to see Susan more clearly. Her breasts were beautiful: large and perfectly shaped, with small areolas.

"So how do you do this?" asked Susan.

"It's easy," said Melissa. "Take a fork, spear some fruit from the tray. Dip it in the chocolate. We have pineapple, orange slices, strawberries, grapes and gum drops."

"Gum drops are a fruit?"

"They are when you run out of fruit."

"Here you go," I said, handing Susan one of the long fondue forks. "Careful where you aim that thing."

"Same to you, bub. I've got bigger targets than you." She glanced down at her boobs.

We started eating. I turned to Melissa and fed her a chocolate covered strawberry. She fed me in return. Susan dipped some pineapple into chocolate and moved it towards her mouth. I watched as a glob of chocolate dripped onto one breast.

She saw me looking at her boob. I looked up at her, licked my lips like a puppy and gave her a pleading, hopeful look.

"Oh for fuck's sake," she laughed. "Don't get any ideas. Got a napkin?"

Melissa had been watching. Suddenly, she leaned across me and licked the chocolate from her friend's boob.

Susan recoiled, covering her breast. "What the hell, Melissa?"

Melissa giggled. "Sorry, we're all out of napkins."

"Oh my God. You really are a changed woman, Melissa."

Then Susan noticed I was looking at her expectantly.

"What?" she said.

"I get to do the next one."

Susan leaned forward and speared a strawberry. She twirled it in the chocolate, then taking very deliberate aim, held it high above my lap and let a dollop of warm chocolate fall right onto the tip of my dick.

We sat there for a moment, all of us looking down at my chocolate covered dick.

Then Melissa looked at Susan and said, "Flip a coin?"

Both girls thought that was absolutely hilarious. 

"See if I ever get naked with you two again," I said. I started getting up to look for a napkin but Susan pulled me back down, smiled evilly. She lowered her head and licked the chocolate right off my dick.

"Susan!" exclaimed Melissa.

Susan sat back up and said, "A good guest always cleans up her own messes." She looked at me to gauge my reaction.

It erupted into a war. Melissa stuck two fingers into the chocolate and reached across me to smear it on her friend's boob. Susan did the same to Melissa, and when she leaned across me, her large chocolate-covered tit slid across my chest and coated me. So I pulled her head to my chest and rubbed her face against it. Susan then sat up, grabbed my head with both hands and pulled me right into her soft messy boob, rubbing my face all around. 

When it was over, the three of us had chocolate all over our faces and chests. We sat back and laughed like children.

Melissa came to her senses first. "Okay, everybody stand up! I don't want to get any on the couch."

We stood up and Melissa turned on a table lamp. While she leaned over to examine the couch, Susan and I stood facing each other. It was the first time we were in full light since taking off our clothes. We just stood there, inspecting each other's bodies. Even smeared with chocolate, she was stunning and judging from the trimmed patch of light colored fur between her legs, a natural blonde. Susan also checked me out in detail with a slightly hungry expression.

"Well, we're lucky," said Melissa. "None got on the couch." She stood up and Susan and I looked away from each other, feeling a little guilty.

"A food fight," said Melissa. "Totally childish, you guys"

"You started it," said Susan. "But it was fun! I haven't had a food fight in years. And never naked."

"Yes, I can cross that off my bucket list," I said.

"You had 'naked chocolate food fight with two girls' on your bucket list?" asked Susan.

"Well, yeah. Every guy does."

Susan shook her head and sighed. "Men."

"Okay," said Melissa. "Let's get cleaned up." When she saw Susan and I glance at each other's chocolate covered bodies, she added "and no, you are NOT using your tongues." 

"Awww," I said.

"Awww," said Susan.

"Come on, Susan. We'll show you the shower."

"Can you turn that light off?" Susan asked.

"Oh, yes, sorry." Melissa switched off the table lamp. Again, there was only enough light to see shadows.

"Thanks," said Susan. "I'm still getting used to this nudity thing. It does help to keep the lights off."

"Well," I said, "we're not going to find the bathroom without some light." I lit a candle and held in front of me as I led the way to Melissa's bathroom. 

~~~~

Melissa started the shower and I set the candle on the counter. While Melissa adjusted the water I noticed Susan looking at me again, a wistful expression on her face. She was playing with her gold chain.

Melissa said "Okay, Susan. Go on in."

Susan got a mischievous look. "Let's shower together."

"Are you serious?"

"Come on! We've already seen each other. It'll be quicker." Susan grabbed my hand and tugged me into the shower with her. 

"Hang on," Melissa said from the other side of the shower curtain, "I have to get towels."

Susan stood under the shower, water streaming down her lovely body in the dim candle light. She pulled me close and looked up at me with a serious expression.

"Hi," she said. It was almost a whisper.

"Hi Susan," I said, a little unsure of what she was doing.

Melissa stepped in behind us. 

"Come get wet, you two," said Susan.

Three people in the apartment's little bathtub shower was a tight fit. It took some awkward maneuvering for each of us to take turns under the shower. I was standing under the spray soaping Melissa's firm breasts then Susan started soaping her back. I reached lower and ran my soapy fingers between Melissa's legs. She squirmed a little then forced my hand away, shaking her head as she glanced back towards Susan. 

"We don't want her to feel uncomfortable," she whispered.

I spun us around so that Melissa was under the shower, my back to Susan. Melissa soaped up my chest while Susan started cleaning my back. Melissa briefly ran her hand over my dick and balls, trying not to excite me. Behind me, Susan pressed her breasts against my back and started kneading my ass.

"No fair, guys," said Susan. "No one is cleaning me."

So I traded places with Susan so she was between Melissa and me. I looked towards Melissa to see if it was okay, but she was already dutifully washing best friend's back. Susan grabbed my hands and placed them right on her full breasts. She gave a little sigh then just stood there as I slid my soapy hands all over them, feeling their firmness, their weight, her warmth. Susan eyes never once left mine.
