 We each order another drink then look around for a place to sit, this bar is so crowded but the music is good and the drinks are great so it's worth the crowd. Scanning the room I notice this woman checking you out, she sees me catch her and she smiles, waving us her direction. I reach out for your hand and we walk over to her table where she happens to have a few empty seats. She smiles shyly and invites us to have a seat. 

As we introduce ourselves I watch you out of the corner of my eye, you're looking her up and down and from the smirk on your face I can tell you like what you see. I nudge you and you lean against me and whisper in my ear "she's cute, she's friendly, maybe she'll come home with us!" A fantasy that you have told me of since we met... I'm thinking no way but why not play with you about it? I whisper back to you that you should go ahead and ask her! 

We chat for a while and order a round of drinks, getting a good buzz going and you bring up the topic of sex, teasing me about how good my blow jobs are and how you are hoping to get one tonight. I tease you a bit and tell you that I can hardly wait to get you home so I can do that. The girl is watching us and says "you know Justin (Dan, whatever your name is!!), I bet you taste really good" and I agree with her. 

She says she is really curious about how you taste and wonders if we would be willing to let her find out. Your jaw drops! Here is your moment and you sit there totally speechless, I can't help but laugh. 

Knowing that this is your fantasy and what a rare opportunity this is, I have to come to your rescue. I tell her ok, she can come home with us and I'll let her have a taste but it has to be clear that the two of you are NOT going to have sex, just a blow job. You both agree so we finish our drinks and head home.

She follows us in her car and you and I have a chance to talk, I'm getting a little bit nervous but you promise me that you won't have sex with her, you don't want to be with her but you are totally looking forward to getting a bj from this strange girl and fulfilling at least part of your fantasy of you and I with another woman. 

We get to the house and you put on some music while she and I mix up some drinks. I tell her that this is a fantasy of yours and although I'm a little unsure about the situation that I really want you to have fun. We spend a little while scheming and then meet you in the living room with the drinks. 

You can tell something is up when we have you sit in the middle of the couch and we each sit on either side of you. I look down and see that you're already semi hard from whatever thoughts are going through your head. I lean over and whisper in your ear "you ready for this?" and you just smile... 

I start to run my tongue around your ear, licking the lobe softly; she surprises you by leaning against you and doing the same to your other ear. My hand moves down to your pants and I unzip you slowly, she reaches over and helps me take your pants and then your boxers off of you, revealing your tasty cock. 

Mmmm!!! 

She's still sucking and licking on your ear as I pull you over to me and kiss your mouth with wet, hot kisses... your eyes are closed and you feel a hand running up and down your thigh and another hand rubbing fingertips across your belly. 

I turn your head towards her and she kisses you, running her tongue around your lips, teasing you with a soft kiss. The taste of her mouth makes you so hot, knowing I am letting you do this turns you on so much that your cock turns rock hard, I have to touch it! I bend my head and lick your nipple; my hand reaches out for your cock... my touch making you jump as you moan softly. I move down and lick the head of your cock, teasing you just a little, while I stroke the length of your cock slowly... 

The little bar slut takes her shirt and bra off so you can play with her hard little nipples. I look up in time to see you nibble one with your teeth as she throws her head back and moans loudly. 

I lean down and suck your cock slowly deep into my mouth, licking my tongue around it until every inch is down my throat then start bobbing my head slowly up and down. You're so turned on I can feel your cock already throbbing between my lips, the pressure in your balls making them hard against my hand. 

Mmmmm I'm about to taste your first cum of the evening! I suck harder and faster, my tongue touching every part of your cock, wet, hot and tight around you... 

you suck harder on her nipples, she grabs your hand and puts it between her legs, looking at me to see if it's ok, I nod my head, you reach your hand up under her skirt and pull her panties off. You push her skirt up so I can see what you're doing, your fingers move to her pussy and you pull it apart a little to show me what she looks like. You slide your finger along her lips, feeling the soft skin of her totally bald pussy. 

I start to suck harder as you slide a finger inside of her, her back arches and you start sucking her other nipple... 

Your fingers start to move faster in and out of her pussy, stroking her long, deep and hard... she moans loudly and her pussy clenches your fingers as she cums hard against your hand, the moment is so erotic it pushes you to the limit and you cum in a hot gush down my throat... mmm I suck until your cock starts to get soft in my mouth.

I get up and strip my clothes off then move to sit by you on the couch. You can't believe that you are sitting between me and another almost naked woman! 

She gets up and removes her skirt then we both reach over and take your shirt off of you; pressing our bodies up against you we take turns kissing your lips. 

I feel your hand move down between my legs, my pussy is so wet you feel the moisture on my thighs before you even touch my pussy, you start teasing my clit with a finger, making my body tremble, I'm so horny!! I look over and see that you have a hand between her legs too, fingering us both while you take turns kissing us, you must be in heaven! 

You tell me you need to taste my pussy and you push me down onto the couch then bury your face between my thighs... I lean my head back and close my eyes; your tongue is so wet and hot on my pussy, mmm. I look down just in time to see the bar slut opening her mouth and sliding your cock inside, you moan and I feel the vibration all through my clit while you suck on it. 

You slide a finger inside my pussy...mmm... it feels so good!! My muscles tighten around your finger and I feel the heat from your hand travel all the way up my body. I look down and watch you suck my clit and finger fuck my pussy and look past you at this girl sucking your cock with all she's got, omg what an erotic sight! 

I can feel myself getting close to cumming, I tell you that it is making me so hot to see her suck you off like that and hearing that only makes you more turned on too. 

You reach down and grab her head, pulling her deeper down on your cock while you slide a second finger inside my pussy and stroke me deeper and faster... her lips tighten around your cock, she's taking you deep in her throat, I'm moaning and start to come at the same time as you feel the cum start to make your balls tight and full. 

She starts to squeeze your balls and you can't take it anymore, you thrust your fingers deeper and faster into my pussy while you feel your orgasm hit you, your cum explodes in her mouth! 

We take a break and have another drink, chatting and laughing, being kind of silly and drunk. You are telling us that you can't believe that I helped you make your fantasy come true, that you can't believe you have two naked women sitting there with you, that you were taking turns kissing us, etc. 

While you talk about it I can see that you're getting hard again! Watching your cock makes me so horny, I tell you I want to feel you inside of me right now, so bad! 

You push me down on my back and move in between my legs, teasing my slit with the head of your cock, getting it nice and wet and you get harder with every second. 

Just when I think I can't take the teasing anymore, you thrust your cock inside my pussy, sliding in all the way until you are in deep, mmmm you feel so good! Your finger reaches behind me and starts teasing my ass, making me hotter, my hips start moving with your rhythm and I meet your thrusts harder and faster. I feel your finger slide inside my ass and I can hardly stop myself from cumming instantly, it feels so awesome! 

You let out a loud moan, and wrap your arms around me tight, all of a sudden I feel a wet tongue lick my pussy, I look down and she is licking the back of your cock as you pull out of me and licking up and down from your balls to my ass... 

the site of that is enough to push me over the edge and I cum so fast and hard it surprises all of us, but I beg you both not to stop. You reach around her and start fingering her pussy and her ass, I can see her body rocking back and forth with the motion of your hand, can feel her moans against my pussy and my ass as she licks up and down both of us as you slide in and out of me, the feeling is incredible, so warm and wet. 

I don't want you to cum because I don't want this sensation to end. I look at your face, so full of ecstasy, your eyes are closed and you are moaning and talking dirty to both of us, such an erotic moment, I close my eyes and concentrate on the feelings and the sounds of you fucking me and her licking us, of your hand sliding in and out of her pussy... 

she teases your ass with the tip of her finger, then slides it in a little bit and I feel your cock swell inside me, stretching me tight around you, you let out a growl and tells us that you're going to cum... you lean forward and wrap your arms around me tight, kissing me hard, thrusting faster... 

I can feel her licking my ass and I'm done, I start to cum, my pussy is so tight, so hot and wet it pulls you in with me and your body tenses up, with one last hard, deep thrust you start your orgasm, your cum pumping out of you and oozing out of my pussy with each thrust, the little bar slut eagerly lapping up both of our juices until we both are totally drained...

Then we kick her to the curb and take a shower, curl up in bed together and sleep like the dead wrapped in each other's arms! Lol... ok, I'm bad, bet you hated that story huh? Smoooooooch!!! I know you love me anyway!