 I looked around the table and grinned at my sisters. The excitement was almost thick enough to taste in the air. Marian was the only exception. My daughter-in-law was still excited, but she was also nervous. She had finally agreed to join us, knowing she would hate missing whatever kinky game Master had planned, but the idea of being bound and helpless was hard for her.

Master hadn't given us any clues these past few days. The only information we had was that we would be bound until he released us for lunch. I really wasn't all that fond of being bound myself, but I trusted Master completely. He would never harm one of his pets, and I knew the other men involved would follow his lead.

The excitement ratcheted up a couple notches when Paige set down her coffee cup and walked over to get Nicky from Sonia. "Don't worry momma, your little angel is in good hands. Sophia only has a math and science test this morning, then we will get Nicky her bottle and go enjoy the fresh air while Sophia finishes her reading. I know she doesn't like the bottle, and I can't blame her with the alternative, but she isn't the first little one I've had to feed."

Sonia had a sheepish smile as she handed Nicky to Paige. "I know you will be fine, I just get anxious. I was the same way the first night Kiera took care of her for me. I just don't know what I would do if something happened to her."

"Nothing is going to happen to her. Master Julien makes all the retired ponies take an infant and child CPR class before we are allowed to take care of the island's children, and Master has told me to come get him if there is any problem." Paige looked down at Nicky and smiled. "I think keeping her safe is just as important to me as it is to you. Raising children on the island is a bit different. We're taught to treat every child as if they were our own because the children never know who their parents are. I'll treat Nicky as if she was my own child, and not just because my daughter loves you to death and would probably disown me if I let anything happen to her. Go enjoy yourself, and we will be waiting here for you once Master is finished with you."

Master chuckled at Sonia's worried look as Paige and Sophia left. "I think we need to get Sonia downstairs and tied up before she tries to rush off after Paige. Of course, as I have finished my breakfast there is no need to wait any longer. Zara, you have permission to load the dishes, but I expect you downstairs as soon as possible."

Everyone helped by piling our dishes on the cart as Master grabbed the bag he brought down from the bedroom. We were all a bit giddy with excitement as we followed Master down to the playroom. It was rare for Master to take control and treat us like pets, but we loved when he did. His regular method was to make everything a suggestion; although it was clear, he expected it to be followed. When he started being commanding, it made me shiver with desire.

He moved to the middle of the room and set the bag down before opening it. "When I call your name, you will come collect your toys for the game and I will tell you where I want you. You may get the clitoral stimulator in place, but don't turn it on."

I was a bit surprised when he called me first and handed my toys to Jaden. "I want kitten on the block by the door, so go ahead and get her set up and strapped in. Turn the stimulator on to low once she is properly bound. Gianna, Kiera, you two will be on the blocks in the back. Marcello, Aaron, get them set up for me. By the time the three of them are situated, everyone else will be where I want them and I can tell you how I want them positioned."

I shared an excited smile with Mandy as she took the cross next to me and got her stimulator in place. As Jaden was getting me strapped in, I heard Zara rush into the room and Master take her off to get her ready. I could only see Mandy to my left, Hope in the chair to my right and Marta on the other side of Hope. Jaden patted my ass before turning the clit stimulator on and walking away. The low setting was just enough to keep your motor running, but would never get you to climax.

I waited a few minutes before I heard Master again. "Aaron, get Hope. Marcello, you can take care of Faith. I want them both in the same pose I have Zara in. Jaden, I want Ari on her back with her legs spread as wide as you can while being able to bind them to the top bar, wrists bound together above her head. With the baby, it will probably be the most comfortable position. I will be putting Marian in the same position, as it will probably make her more comfortable if she can see what's going on."

Looking over, I watched Aaron place a pillow on the seat of the chair and have Hope kneel on it. He shackled her wrists together and attached them to the back of the seat before running a strap just below her knees and around the seat of the chair. If the others were positioned similarly, our partners would have no problems mounting us or using the vibrators Master had by each of us.

"Come here puppy, I want you to crawl up here and stay with Marian for a while. She's a little nervous being bound like this, so I want you to give her some love to help her stay calm. If she is okay a bit later, you can wander around and check on the other girls."

I heard Marian giggle and assumed Rebeca was nuzzling into her neck. Ever since Gianna did it that first day we met Rebeca she has associated it comforting someone. I heard quiet voices from the middle of the room before Jaden walked up to Mandy. I was confused as he had her turn and bound her facing the cross.

Looking over, I could seem Aaron doing the same with Marta on the other side of Hope. It would be a bit awkward to mount them in that position, but I suppose it was still possible. As Jaden walked away again, I waited with that little buzzing on my clit to keep me from growing bored.

"It's been brought to my attention that my pets don't feel their asses are being violated often enough, so I've set up this little game to help with that. My helpers and I will be returning to the pet we just bound to the cross and starting there. I have a timer set to go off every five minutes to tell us when to change partners."

That explained why they bound the girls facing the crosses. Getting in their asses would be much easier in that position. "Gentlemen, when the buzzer goes off, you need to shift one partner to the right. Let's keep a nice, leisurely pace as we enjoy my pets' asses, but I'm sure we will all cum in one of them at some point. The vibrators are for when you are recovering, and the clit stimulator should keep the pets from growing bored as they wait for their next turn."

I heard several groans from around the room, and groaned myself as I realized what Master intended. The slow pace Master was talking about would drive us all insane with arousal without getting us to climax quickly, and those damn vibrators would hold us right where our partner leaves us until our next turn. We would all be stuck where we were, begging for our next turn to start so we could climax after a couple rounds. It was almost evil, and I could feel my juices already running down my thighs at the thought of how hard I was going to climax.

"We all know where we are starting, but we need to take a minute to get the pets' asses ready for us. Just set their tails of to the side and take a minute to get the pets next to you properly lubed up. The lube we use should stay slippery until it's wiped off, but don't hesitate to add a little as you switch partners."

I heard Marian moan and guessed Jaden had started with her. "Are you doing alright hon?"

"I can't say I'm not a bit anxious still, but I have a feeling I will be too aroused to care soon enough," Marian replied quietly. "I'm glad I didn't chicken out though, because I think this is going to be a blast."

I had to agree with her. The waits would be maddeningly arousing. As each turn ended, I would be able to watch whoever just finished with me working over Hope's sexy ass, and then watch my next partner taking Mandy before they got to me. I didn't even know who my next partner would be as I could only tell Jaden would be my first and Aaron would be fourth because he was over with Marta.

I was hoping for Master second, as I wasn't sure Marcello could hold back through his first four partners. He was fun in bed, but he was a bit over eager and had a quick trigger. He usually recovered quickly, but if he climaxed with Marian or Mandy, I would be stuck with a vibrator on my second round instead of the real thing.

Of course, I wasn't sure my son would make it through his first four partners without cumming. He usually had decent control, but he was hitting most of his fantasy buttons in his first pass. He had fantasized about having me from the time he was old enough to have sexual feelings, and us becoming regular lovers hadn't diminished his desire. Marta and the twins were young enough to feed into his schoolgirl fantasies. As a high school teacher, he would have never indulged with one of his students, but it didn't stop him from fantasizing about them. With him moving up to teaching college next week, Marian and I wondered if he would finally take the plunge.

I started purring when I felt Jaden's hands on my ass before my tail slid out and his fingers started working more lube up into me. "I think your Master is trying to torment me, mother," he whispered. "You, Hope and Marta, all in a row, I have a hard time lasting more than ten minutes in any of your asses, and I have to get through all three of you after I get warmed up with Mandy. I've been practicing those control techniques, but this is going to be one hell of a test. The sad part is that it won't get much easier after that because I enjoy all of you. I guess that's why Alonso said this might run up to four hours. We will each go around the room four times and after the first climax we will all last a lot longer."

I hadn't done the math, but he was right. Each of the men would have four rounds with each pet, so the chances of having each of them fuck my ass at least twice was pretty good. The fifteen-minute wait between turns would be frustrating, especially with that little vibe buzzing away on my clit to keep me horny, but I knew we would all be going through it. I had a feeling we would all be cumming hard as soon as each turn started, simply from the anticipation of watching our next partner with the girl next to us.

Jaden's fingers slipped out of my ass and I whimpered. Another minute of his fingers working my ass would have set me off, but his quiet chuckle as he moved over to get Mandy ready told me he knew that. I got the feeling Master had told the men to get us worked up before we started the game just so all his pets would be cumming often.

Watching him start warming Mandy up was almost as exciting as having him do it to me. I was a bit surprised to see him smack her ass a couple times as he worked his fingers in her ass. I knew Mandy had been spending most of her nights with Marian and Jaden as Marian learned to be comfortable with the heavier punishment tools, so it was pretty obvious Jaden had enjoyed her body regularly during that time, but he usually didn't go for spanking. He would have known how much she enjoyed it though, so he probably swatted her to get her aroused quicker.

"Okay gentlemen, I think all the pets are ready to play now. Remember to offer the girls a drink as you slip into their tight little ass. We don't want anyone getting dehydrated from cumming too much."

As I watch Jaden slip his cock into Mandy's ass, I knew that would be a concern. I was more worried about not drinking too much though. All the pets had slipped off during breakfast to empty our bladders, as we weren't sure Master would let us go if we had to pee. It wouldn't be the first time he had left one of us bound and made us use a urinal so he wouldn't have to release us. I didn't mind much because it wasn't much different from using my litter box in front of everyone, but some of my sisters had a harder time with it.

I heard the buzzer go off and Mandy groaned as Jaden pulled out of her ass. That five-minute timer was going to be hell for most of the girls. The anticipation would have us ready to climax as soon as our partner started, but other than Kiera and me, five minutes wasn't enough time to get to a second one.

I shook my head at the offered water bottle and heard Kiera and Faith's screams of pleasure as Jaden's cock pushed past my body's resistance to slowly sink deep into my ass. I savored the stretched feeling as he bottomed out and my climax washed over me. His equally slow withdrawal, until just the head was inside of me, followed by another slow push as he sank back in seemed to draw out my climax and had me whimpering by the time it finished.

He was taking Master's advice to heart and maintaining a slow, steady pace that was driving me wild with arousal. His slow strokes allowed me to savor every little movement as he pushed me to my next climax. The only problem was that slow pace might not be enough to get me there, even as easily as I climaxed.

I whimpered when the buzzer went off and I felt his cock slip out of my ass. Another thirty seconds would have done it, but I was going to be stuck on the edge of cumming for the next fifteen minutes, and that little vibrator on my clit would make sure I couldn't come down much. It was going to be a long fifteen minutes.

Marian's deep, throaty moan announced her first partner of the day. "You can take me harder than that you know. Just because I'm the one bound this time doesn't mean you have to be gentle."

"Sorry Mistress, but I'm under orders from the only person who outranks you. If I go too much faster I won't be able to hold back, and if I cum before I get to kitten, I'm the one who will be strapped to the block."

Marcello's panting was amusing, but I was a bit confused. Master wouldn't punish him for that, and apparently Marian thought the same thing. "Master wouldn't punish you that severely for something like that, and I know he wouldn't ask me to punish you for him."

"I wouldn't necessarily call it a punishment. He knows about the deals I made with all the girls, and said if I couldn't do my part to satisfy all of them during the game, they would have to get their satisfaction from me in another way," Marcelo panted. "I would be spending tomorrow bound to a block, paying off my debt to all of them, one after the other. I'm not necessarily against the idea, but I was a bit sore after my session with Sonia, and can't imagine how sore I would be after paying off all of them in one go."

"Umm, I wasn't part of that deal, but you gave your mistresses permission to take you that way anytime we wish after your session with Sonia. If you don't pick up the pace enough to get me to cum before you switch, you'll be bound for my pleasure tonight."

"I'm sorry to disappoint you Mistress, but I distinctly remember you telling me that Alonso's orders took precedent. I doubt I could get you to cum that quickly anyway and I'd end up cumming with Mandy if I tried. I guess you'll just have to punish me later."

"It would be easier than you think," Marian panted. "Rebeca has been licking and sucking on my nipples since we started, so I'm aroused enough to not care about being bound now. I will admit I wanted to make you go faster so you would cum and I could watch the girls take turns with you tomorrow. I guess I'll have to settle for putting you on this table later and letting Ari ride you while I punish you. I'm going to love watching you stroke her cute little baby bump as I take you."

Marcello's groan made me laugh. Marian couldn't get him to speed up to push him closer to climax, so she started in on his pregnancy fetish to try to getting him to lose control. Ari was the only one showing so far, but Marian went into how sexy Kiera and Zara were going to look as they started to show and had Marcello whimpering by the time the buzzer went off.

Marian's disappointed whimper as he pulled out and moved over to Mandy told me he had gotten her close but she hadn't climaxed. I felt a little bad for her, but knowing Rebeca was going to keep playing with her nipples meant she would probably get to cum before I did. I was right, and it was less than a minute after Marcello started with Mandy that I heard that familiar moan as Marian climaxed.

I could see Marcello straining not to cum as he stroked into Mandy's ass and looked to the other side to see Jaden doing the same with Marta. I think Master set them both up to challenge them. The only way to make Marcello's first four harder was if Ari had been in it as well. He never got to fuck Marian unless he was bound, and it was only the second time Mandy had allowed him to touch her.

I was stuck between wanting to see him cum in Mandy so the girls could have their fun with him and wanting him to last long enough so he could cum in my ass. I knew he wouldn't last long if he made it to me, but I was hot enough that he wouldn't have to. My climax would hit as soon as he slid in, and he would probably go off a couple strokes later.

Between Mandy's begging him to cum in her ass, her telling him how much she loved having him fill her up last time, and Marian's sultry comments on how wonderfully tight Mandy's ass must feel, I was surprised when the buzzer went off before he did. He pulled out of her ass with a groan and I could see his cock throbbing with his need.

He had barely pushed the head in before I felt his cock swelling up, and the first pulse of his climax as he bottomed out triggered mine. A wave of pleasure shot through my body, and every pulse of his cock as he emptied himself into me set off another wave. It was hard to believe I had been afraid to try this less than a year ago, because I loved how it felt when one of my lovers came in my ass.

When I came down, I could feel him still inside me, just barely rocking to try to keep from going soft. He usually recovered fairly quickly, and with him cumming as soon as we started, he might be hard enough to enter Hope's ass when he switched. I helped him along by giving little squeezes as he pulled back.

"Sorry kitten, I was supposed to offer this to you when we started, but I was afraid I would cum all over your ass if I didn't get inside of you." I took a sip from the offered water bottle and nodded. I wasn't surprised he had gone off so quickly with me, but I was a bit surprised at how hard he still was as he started stroking into my ass again.

"Your Master gave each of the men one of his little orange pills to help us recover quicker," Marcello whispered in my ear. "He wanted to make sure everyone got as much as we could out of his little game. We weren't supposed to say anything, but I know you can feel the difference. I usually recover quickly enough that no one will be surprised if I'm hard again when I move over to Hope, but I thought you should know."

Well that explained why he was still so firm. He was only taking short, slow strokes to finish bringing his erection back, but he would definitely be ready for Hope and he was getting me going again as well. He didn't get me as far along as Jaden had, but I was still disappointed when the buzzer went off and he had to pull out. It was only as he walked over to Hope that I remembered my next turn would be with Master.

I glanced back to hear Marian moan as Master sank into her ass. She took a small sip of the water he offered her as he started those maddeningly slow strokes he used when he wanted playtime to last a while. Between the slow pace and the quick breaks every five minutes to swap partners he would probably not climax until the second cycle.

Master reached up to stroke Rebeca's hair and caress Marian's breast. "Still feeling anxious about being bound my pet?"
