 "Let's go Tom. The elevator is over there." she said and pulled Tom toward the elevator. They got into the elevator and Tina pressed the 12 button. "Isn't this exciting?" she asked as she squeezed Tom's hand and kissed him on the cheek.

"What do you think she meant by 'you'll know it when you see it'?" he asked. Then they were on the 12th floor. When the doors of the elevator opened up, he said, "Oh Wow! This is incredible."

Straight-ahead from the elevator was a beautiful view of the city and river valley. To the left was the bedroom. It had a round king-size waterbed. In the headboard were a stereo and a VCR. There was a projection screen TV at one end of the room and a small refrigerator sat next to the bed. To the right of the elevator, there was a custom contoured Jacuzzi sunk unto the floor. Sheer curtains surrounded it. Tom pulled Tina over to the window.

"Would you look at this view? This place is incredible! How did you find out about it?" he asked.

"A few months ago I was looking through the yellow pages and I saw the add. Something reminded me of it today so I called and set everything up this afternoon." Tina explained. She turned away from the window and walked over to the Jacuzzi. She bent down and turned it on then stood up and opened her coat. She put her hands on her hips, holding the coat open, and asked, "Are you going to look out that window all night or are you going to join your wife in the Jacuzzi?"

He smiled as he strolled across the room. He put his hands on her hips and kissed her passionately and they embraced for a few seconds. Then as the Jacuzzi began to bubble, Tom pulled away to get undressed.

"Here, let me help you with that." Tina offered as she reached for his belt while he took off his coat and shirt. Soon he was nude again. Tina turned her back to him. "Can you give me a hand with this coat, honey?" she asked.

Tom grasped the shoulders of her coat and pulled it back. It slid off her shoulders and down her body to join his clothes on the floor. He put his arms around her and pulled her toward him. She could feel his cock poking between her ass cheeks so she raised her ass and allowed him to penetrate her pussy from behind. Tom had to stoop a little to make this work but it wasn't long before they were fucking. Tom reached up and squeezed and massaged Tina's tits while he fucked her. After a few minutes it became obvious that they weren't going to be able to keep it up that long so Tina spoke up.

"Why don't we relax in the Jacuzzi for a little while before we continue this." she suggested.

"That sounds like a good idea." Tom agreed as he pulled out of his wife's pussy. As she was stepping into the Jacuzzi, he asked, "Would you like a drink, honey?"

"Mmm, yeah that sounds good. I'd like a Pina Colada." she answered as she settled down into a seat. "Oh, baby. Hurry up. This feels good and I want to share it with you." she said seductively.

"I will be right back, lover." he said as he strode over to the bar.

He discovered that it was fully stocked so he had no trouble making Tina's drink. He made a Sex on the Beach for himself. When he got back to Jacuzzi, he gave Tina the drink and she took a sip.

"Oh, ho, ho. That is good. Now where were we?" she asked sensually as she set the glass on the floor beside the Jacuzzi. She moved next to Tom and began stroking his cock under water. It wasn't long before he was ready to go. Tom began playing with her breasts and tweaking her nipples. She leaned closer to him and whispered in his ear, "You know what I want to do right now?"

"No, but I know I'm going to like it. I always do when you get like this." Tom said as his hand wandered down her belly to probe her pussy. Tina gasped lightly and spread her legs wide as she leaned against his hand, moving her hips in concert with his probing fingers.

"What I want to do right now is something you and I have never done. I want to try something new, maybe even naughty." she purred as she continued to stroke his cock gently.

"What did you have in mind?" Tom asked as he inserted a finger into Tina's pussy. She started chewing on her lower lip. The move was so sexy that Tom almost blew his wad in her hand, but he didn't.

"I don't know for sure. What I do know for sure is that if we don't stop what we're doing at this moment, I'll lose the urge." Tina said as she pulled away from Tom and sat at the other side of the Jacuzzi. "Let's just relax, but keep ourselves on edge, and think of something new." she said. She kept herself on edge by masturbating slowly, with her eyes closed. Tom was kept on edge simply by watching her. He'd never seen his wife masturbate before; it gave him an idea.

"Have you ever thought about a threesome?" he asked.

"With a man or a woman?" she asked as she continued to masturbate. Her fingers slowly circled her clit and occasionally dipped into her pussy.

"Either, now that you mention it. Watching you play with yourself made me realize that I'd like to watch you get it on with another woman. If you'd rather it be a man, I guess that'd be O.K. too." he said, stroking his own cock as he thought about it. Soon he had to let go he was getting too close to the edge.

"What about both?" she asked as she closely watched his expression. She was pleased with what she saw, acceptance.

"A foursome huh? Whom do we know that does that kind of stuff?" he asked. After taking a sip of his drink, he asked, "What about Tony and Rebecca? They're swingers, I know for a fact that Tony wants a piece of you. He came out and told me so last month at that pool party."

"I was wearing a very tiny bikini at that party. You know, come to think of it, Becca has the hots for you too. She told me at the Christmas party last year that the sight of you in that tux almost made her pussy melt. She said she and Tony had some of the best sex they'd had in years that night, because she was fantasizing about you. By golly, they're the ones. Do you think it's too late to call them?" Tina asked as she climbed out of the Jacuzzi and went over to the phone. Her nipples immediately stood up. "Ohh, it's cold in here, turn the heat up." she said as she dialed their number.

"I like it when you're nipping, it's sexy. Just think of how good the water will feel."

She cut him off when Rebecca answered.

"Hi Becca, it's Tina. I didn't wake you, did I? .... Good. The reason I'm calling is that my husband and I are having a get away weekend at a hotel in town. We were sitting in the Jacuzzi and, wouldn't you know it? We got bored. We started wondering whom we could invite and you two are the unanimous winners. Would you like to join us..? Great! No we'll send someone to pick you up. We rented a limo for the entire weekend.... No not really.... What do you have on right now? Sounds good, we don't plan on leaving the suite for quite a while.... Tom is looking forward to your arrival, and tell Tony that I'm looking forward to his...Great.... I'll call the driver and give him directions and he'll call you and let you know when he'll be there.... Same here, bye." she hung up, then quickly dialed Mark and gave him the instructions. 

"Who was that on the phone?" Tony asked Rebecca as he came out of the bathroom.

"Believe it or not, that was Tina." Rebecca answered as she settled back against the headboard on their bed. She was absentmindedly playing with one of her nipples as she sat thinking about the conversation she'd just had.

"From the looks of it, you two had a rather...ah...stimulating conversation." Tony said, nodding toward Rebecca's hand on her chest.

Rebecca just looked at him, then looked down at her hand, and smiled.

"Yes, it was stimulating to put it mildly. You'll never guess what she said." She said as she continued to roll her nipple between her fingers.

"Well why don't you let me in on the joke, then." Tony said as he dropped the towel from his waist and stood next to the bed with his cock in his hand. Watching Rebecca play with herself was a tremendous turn-on for him and his cock was already reacting to her actions.

"Tina called me to let me know that she and Tom were spending the weekend at the Shangri-La." She said as her other hand pushed the covers off her legs and she began to play with her freshly shaven pussy.

"It was nice of her to brag, but why to you?" Tony asked, now thoroughly confused and aroused.

"Oh she didn't just call to brag. She called to invite us to join them for the weekend." She said with a gleam in her eye. Tony immediately caught on.

"Ah, I see. Well then I guess we better get going. What are you going to pack?" he asked as he went to the closet to get the suitcase.

"That's the most interesting part of all. She said not to bother bringing anything, at all. There are no kids there, the room service is incredible, and she sent a limo for us. He should be calling for directions in a few moments." Rebecca said. Her face and chest were getting flushed and her nipples were standing tall. Her fingers were stroking her clit firmly and Tony could tell it wouldn't be long before she went over the edge.

"So I take it you're not planning on taking any clothing at all, huh?" Tony asked as he sat on the bed beside Rebecca and continued to stroke his cock while she masturbated for him.

"The only clothing I am taking is that black spandex pullover dress, my black trench coat, and the black 3 inch heels. The only clothing I'm wearing there is the coat and the shoes. I will bring the dress in my purse. I want you to wear those tight jeans that I like, a nice polo type shirt, your loafers, and your trench coat. That way, if we do decide to go somewhere, we're prepared without having to pack a thing." She said. Then she moved from against the headboard to lying across the bed with her legs spread wide. "Now I want you to come here and stick that beautiful cock of yours in my pussy. I want to cum with you inside me." She said this last in her bedroom voice. She knew Tony couldn't resist the deep sexy tone.

Tony didn't hesitate. He crawled between Rebecca's legs and planted his cock at the entrance to her pussy. She grabbed him and pointed him in the right direction then grabbed his ass and sank her nails in as she pulled his cock into her pussy. She could feel his balls slapping her ass as he pounded his cock into her repeatedly. Then just as she was about to hit her peak, the phone rang. Tony made a move to reach for it but Rebecca stopped him by wrapping her legs around his back and holding him in place. 

"Don't you stop. Let the machine get it." She moaned as she moved her hips to make up for his lack of motion.

"Don't worry baby. I got an idea that'll make you hot as hell." He said and with that he hit the speakerphone button.

"Hello." He said and began pounding away at Rebecca's pussy again. This time he took her breast in his hand and began playing with her nipple.

"Oh god yeah...just like that baby...pound that cock into my pussy while you squeeze my tit. Jesus I love fucking you!" Rebecca exclaimed.

"Uh, hello. Is this Tony and Rebecca?" Mark asked over the speakerphone. He put it on speaker in the limo too. Linda had to stifle her laugh when she heard the action from the other end. She slid across the front seat and snuggled up to Mark as they cruised down the road in the limo. She'd initially been upset at having their activities interrupted but decided this might turn out to be an interesting night after all. As they listened to the couple on the other end, she reached over and took out Mark's cock and stroked it.

"Yeah...oh god...this is us. Oh god, yeah baby, squeeze my cock with your pussy. Is this the limo driver?" Tony asked as he looked Rebecca in the eye and squeezed her nipple harder.

"Oh yeah baby, play with my tits. You know that makes me hot. Oh man I'm getting ready to cum baby." Rebecca moaned as Tony grabbed her tits and squeezed them, rolling her nipples in his fingers in concert to his thrusting cock in her pussy.

"Hey, that's a good idea." Linda said with a mischievous look in her eye.

"What do you mean by that?" Mark asked.

"I mean I want you to play with my tits." She replied. Then she slid back into her own seat and began taking off her jacket.

"You're not serious." Mark said incredulously as she threw her jacket into the back of the limo and began unbuttoning her blouse.

"Oh yes I am. In fact, I suddenly have the urge to be incredibly naughty tonight. I'm gonna take off all my clothes and put them in the trunk when we get to Tony & Rebecca's. What do you think about that, lover?" she explained as she pulled her blouse out of her skirt and unsnapped her bra. Mark's cock throbbed as her tits popped free of their restraint. She had the most incredible body he'd ever seen and he still couldn't believe she married him when he asked. She worked hard to maintain her 36C-24-30 figure.

"I think I am in for a very long, erotic night." Mark answered as she raised her hips off the seat and slid her skirt off, revealing that she'd worn no panties and had shaven her pussy bald. "Oh my god." Mark said.

"You like that, baby?" she asked as she folded her clothes into a bundle beside her. Then she leaned into the back seat to retrieve her jacket. When she did, her pussy was displayed to all oncoming traffic. She stayed there a few seconds longer than necessary, even spreading her legs at one point. Mark looked into the rearview mirror and he could see her juices coating her pussy. He reached up with his right hand and softly stroked her pussy lips. As his fingers traveled past the entrance to her vagina, she thrust her hips back against his hand, causing his fingers to enter her.

"Oh sweet jesus, play with my pussy. Just like that baby." She moaned from the rear of the limo and spread her legs father yet.

"We're coming up on a red light." Mark warned. Rebecca moaned in frustration and began to turn back around in her seat when the speaker phone sounded off.

"So what?! You stay where you are sweetheart. You said you wanted to be naughty now's your chance. Show the entire world that pussy of yours. I'll bet you're hornier than you've ever been aren't you? Mark, take your hand out of her pussy and let her show it off." Rebecca ordered over the phone. Mark and Linda had forgotten all about the phone being on speaker. Mark grinned as Linda returned to her position, bent over the back of the limo seat, displaying her ass and pussy to the world in front of the limo.

"Is she doing it Mark?" Tony asked.

"Oh yeah, she's doing it. She's getting off on it too. I can see her pussy juice all down her legs." Mark answered.

"Tony, how long before you cum?" Rebecca asked.

"Not long now baby. How about you? Are you liking this position? Does my cock feel good in your pussy?" Tony asked as he continued to thrust his cock in and out of her pussy. Rebecca had taken over playing with her tits and she was squeezing them with a vengeance.

"Let me put my legs on your shoulders. I want you deep in me. I want your cock to hit the roof of my pussy. I want you to make me squirt. Oh shit this is good!" Rebecca said seductively.

Tony stopped his movements momentarily and put Rebecca's legs on his shoulders. Then he leaned over her and resumed his pumping.

"Oh God yeah! Just like that, baby!! Fuck my pussy! Fuck my pussy hard!!" she screamed as she grabbed his ass and sank her nail into his ass cheeks.

Tony growled as he began to thrust his cock viciously into Rebecca's wet pussy. 

"OOOHHH YEAH! I'm CUMMING TONY!! DON'T STOP!" Rebecca screamed again as she pinched her nipples as hard as she could.

Tony moved his hands from the bed beside Rebecca and grabbed her legs in his hands and lifted them higher. So high that Rebecca had to reach around her legs to get to her nipples. Soon her could feel the additional moisture that her pussy was squeezing out as it squirted her juices all over his cock. Then there was so much of her cum that her pussy began to make squelching sounds with each thrust of his cock.

"You hear that sound Mark? That's her pussy squirting cum all over my cock and the bed. That's the sound of satisfaction my friend." Tony exclaimed toward the phone.

"I want to see if I can do that, Mark. I want to learn to squirt tonight. Can you do that, baby? Can you make my pussy squirt cum like your cock does?" Linda moaned from the back seat. They were 3 miles form the red light and she still hadn't moved except to put her hand on her pussy and play with her clit. The smell of her pussy filled the limo and it was making Mark horny.

"Tony, stop for a minute." Rebecca said as she reached between her legs to grasp Tony's cock as he pulled it out of her pussy. She stroked it for a moment.

"What's the matter, Becca?" Tony asked.

"Nothing's wrong, baby. Put a pillow under my ass." She said to him. As he did so, she continued to stroke his cock with one hand while she spread pussy juice all over her pussy and asshole with the other. After he got the pillow stationed, she began to rub his cock in and out of her pussy lips and around her asshole.

"Hey Mark, you wanna know what my lady is doing right now?" Tony asked with a wicked grin on his face. Rebecca smiled back at him as she placed the head of his cock on her asshole and pulled him toward her.

"Yeah, Tony. Tell us what your lady is doing." Linda answered as she returned to the front seat and immediately put Mark's cock in her mouth, kneeling on the front seat with her ass and pussy showing blatantly out the passenger window. Mark reached under her slim belly and between her legs to play with her pussy while she sucked his cock.

"My lady just put my cock in her ass. She's playing with her pussy while I fuck her ass. I can feel her fingers through her pussy wall. It's incredible. You should try it sometime." Tony said. Rebecca responded with an aroused look and thrust another finger into her pussy, bringing the total to four. She thrust her hand into her pussy and her palm stroked her clit while her fingers fucked her pussy. She could feel Tony's cock slowly going in and out of her ass. Soon she was on the edge of yet another orgasm.

Mark removed his hand from Linda's pussy and reached over her body to play with her ass. He rubbed her juices into her asshole and massaged it for a few moments. Soon he felt her relax and she moaned softly around his cock. He needed no more urging from her. He slowly and gently pushed his index finger into her asshole and slowly moved it in and out. She moaned again, thrusting her ass back against his hand. He then inserted his middle finger and his ring finger and continued to finger fuck her ass while she sucked his cock. It was getting hard to drive with his attentions split three ways.

"Hey Tony, I think Linda wants it in the ass tonight too. She's sucking my cock while I finger fuck her ass and she's loving it. Thanks for the idea, man. We'll be at your place in about 3 minutes. See you then." Mark said to the phone.

"OK, Mark. I guess it's time for me to fill my wife's ass with cum then huh?" Tony stated. Then he reached over and hung up the phone. He pushed Rebecca's legs higher yet and began to firmly thrust his cock into her ass, fucking it like a pussy. He could feel Rebecca's ass squeezing his cock with every thrust and it didn't take much to push him over the edge. "OH FUCK Becca, I'm cumming in your ass! Can you feel it, baby? Squeeze the cum out of my cock with your tight ass! Oh God this is good!" he exclaimed.

"Yeah Tony, yeah! Cum in my butt! God you fuck my ass so good! Fuck it like a pussy, baby!! Oh yes, I can feel your cock cumming in my ass! Fill me up you ass fucking stud!!" Rebecca screamed as she thrust her hand in and out of her pussy. When she felt Tony start to cum, she kept her hand in her pussy, adding to the pressure in her ass and pushing against her g-spot. She came again right along with Tony. 
