 "Hey, bro! There is a late night industry pool party going on at Wilderness tonight. You know the place. The waitresses are all really stacked and gorgeous. Mario insists his girls have boob jobs. Remember? Let's head over tonight."

Paul answered the phone in a half dazed state setting down his video game control stick. Boredom had started to take over. He was between women and his time was too liquid. Ever since buying into the restaurant franchise that had taken off like wildfire, he had all the time and money in the world to play, but there were only so many things to do. He started to absorb what his friend Leo had to say, and decided that yes, some female companionship would lighten the boredom.

"Sure, man, let's do it. I could use some eye candy. It will wake me up. I'll pick you up at midnight and let's rock then roll some tarts."

Paul felt the excitement of a new anticipated thrill. Mario employed the hottest chicks in the business. He always liked sweet challenges.

Salina grimaced with the realization that she would have to buy two bikinis; one to fit her bottom and the other to fit her new Double Ds. Recently Mario had approached her and insisted that if she wanted to work there and keep making the outstanding cash she had been making, she needed to get a boob job. Being the shooter girl had worked for her. So did making $100 dollars an hour in tips. There was no way she wanted to give that up. Salina glanced at her shooter holster knowing it was her dream job. Having these new toys however, put being admired to a new high.

She realized that it really just meant that more men would get the "I got a boyfriend" speech. This last week it seemed like the start of every conversation. Not only did she get even more attention, but her tips at gone through the roof. When men glanced in her direction and saw her position a shooter between her tits while some lucky sob leaned over to retrieve it, they knew they had to have that experience too. Now with her Double Ds, there were line ups. Her regular big spenders had to wait their turn. 

Salina looked down at her new investment. They were a week old and were already changing her life. Her swimsuit top showed off her bulging cleavage. It barely contained her nipples. The pool party was in full swing and she was chatting with her friends in the pool leaning over a water mattress when Paul spotted her.

She immediately intrigued him. Her long black hair, smoky brown eyes, and amazing body made him feel a stir in his core. She was laughing with her friends. Paul noticed that several men had gathered around the fringe of her group. Their eyes were constantly attentive to Salina's appealing cleavage. Their attentiveness made him crave her even more.

"Who's that?" Paul asked Leo.

"Oh, she's one of the shooter girls at Wilderness. She's a sweet plum. Just had her boobs done. She looks outstanding, doesn't she? Just keep watching buddy cause that's as close as she'll let you get. She crushes hearts every single shift by claiming she has a boyfriend, but I've never seen her around a guy, so this mysterious boyfriend she says she has, must be hiding. I know I'd never leave a girl like that alone."

Paul couldn't take his eyes off her. The few times she looked in his direction he smiled at her with his most alluring seductive smile.

Salina couldn't stop herself from looking. The attractive man sitting by the side of the pool seemed to be the whole package and his eyes were focused on her every time she looked. Not being able to help herself, Salina began looking at the handsome stranger with the intelligent eyes, with slow, seductive, secretive glances. 

"Fuck she's hot. I want to tame her and make her my little sex slut. Look at how fucking hot she is Leo. And she wants me. I can tell," remarked Paul.

"You're fucking dreaming buddy. Men have been trying to crack that case for a couple of years now, without any luck. Good on you buddy, though. If you think you can do her, go for it."

Paul and Salina continued sneaking glances as the tiki torches fluttered in the night air.

Was that a wink? Paul watched Salina walk over to the hot tub. It was 2:00 am now and most of the party goers had gone home in various states of inebriation.

Paul had noticed Salina drinking red wine and poured them both a glass. He walked towards her and passed her the plastic wine glass as he sat down beside her in the hot tub. As he passed her the glass he leaned in and kissed her softly, with out a word, catching her by surprise. 

Salina was startled by his smooth and swift advance. Her beating heart thumped with excitement and she settled into their sweet, seductive, alluring kiss that overtook her senses. They kissed for ten minutes. People let them have their space but watched their seduction from a distance. Then his hands were on her thighs as the bubbling water concealed their destination. He inched his way towards the outside of her bikini bottom. Applying mild pressure, her circled the outside of her bikini bottom making her gasp as he kissed her. Before they put on too much of a show, he stopped.

"Come with me. Come be with me tonight, you sexy gorgeous woman. I want to be inside you. I want to feel your hands all over me, and I want to excite you beyond your wildest dreams. I will adore you with my mouth and tongue. Come be with me tonight Salina. I will make your very happy," Paul cooed.

Salina knew she had no choice. Her heart had spoken. This attractive, sandy haired hunk of a man may be twenty years older than her, but he had all the charm of a hundred men. She had never been more turned on her life and knew she wanted this.

Leo had already found himself a sexy tart and was long gone. Excitedly they made their way towards the front of the restaurant.

"That's one hot car," she remarked as the valet pulled up in his candy apple red Lamborghini.

"Only the best for you sweetheart," he replied eyeing her gorgeous features.

They pulled up to his estate in the Hollywood Hills after flying through the numerous swirling highways on the way there.

The gate opened and she was greeted by an ultra modern house built into a cliff with an elaborate garden surrounding it.

When he helped her out of the car Paul pulled her close to his aroused body and continued kissing her like she was a beautiful princess. It was a very different experience in comparison to the boys that usually pursued her. They were all testosterone with no common sense. Boys her age often started their approach with a gratuitous boob graze and a rude come on line. But this man, he was different. His eyes, his lips and his mouth reflected a deep desire that was stronger than the pure lust most men had to offer.

They walked past the elaborate gardens and into the foyer of his enormous house.

"This place is amazing," Salina exclaimed excitedly as they explored.

"Do you mind if I take a shower? I'd like to wash off the pool water," Salina said.

"Sure doll, hurry back. There are fresh towels on the rack, help yourself."

When the water started trickling Paul fought back every urge to slip in beside her and fuck her in the shower. He knew better. This girl needed to be admired and feel like she's in charge. Maybe she'd want me as her Pet, crossed his mind. Maybe that's what thrilled her. Whatever it was he would find out and use it to make her his. 

While she showered he distracted himself by putting on seductive music. He then lit the room with large, flicking, scented candles. 

Then there she was standing in front of him with a big bath towel wrapped around her amazing body.

"You are gorgeous honey. Come here beautiful."

He pulled her close to him then. They kissed deeply, intensely, lustfully.

"My turn doll. I'll be quick," Paul said as he headed towards the shower.

"Hurry back," Salina said as she let the top part of her towel slip, exposing her gorgeous big breasts.

It was the quickest shower Paul ever had. When he returned Salina was laying nude on her side like a swimsuit model. Her body was sheer, young, perfection. Every curve needed to be satisfied and he was the man to do it. Paul smiled when he caught sight of her brazilin wax. It was a definite added turn on.

"Could you be any more perfect, or alluring," Paul asked Salina as he approached her sexiness.

"Come here and let that towel drop handsome."

Salina smiled as she saw he was also freshly waxed.

She loved sucking cock and his was magnificent. So big and hard in his hand. His six pack gleamed above it. 

Paul could see she wanted him in her sexy mouth and stood in front of her doing as she directed.

Soon he was enjoying the blow job of lifetime. Her enthusiasm drove him insane.

"I'm going to cum in your mouth, if you don't stop."

She sucked him in a lingering, seductive way, then released him and whispered seductively, "I want your taste in my mouth. I want you coating my lips and my tits."

With those words Paul found his hard cock between her luscious tits. She sucked him and fucked his cock with her tits for a long time. Watching her work his cock made his need to fuck her even more intense.

Salina tasted the warm, heated, creamy pleasure she loved so much as Paul emptied between her sexy lips, his grunts and pleasure echoing throughout the room.

"Soak my tits," she urged as his next big spurt landed on her big gorgeous tits.

Paul slipped into the bed beside her. He slid his hand up and down the length of her amazing body. Using a finger he twirled his cum around her gorgeous, erect, nipples.

She pulled his head forward.

Like a dog Paul eagerly lapped up his cum for the pleasure of experiencing Salina's big beautiful tits. He soaked his face in cum while doing her bidding. It didn't phase him. He was lost in lust. Next he sucked on her rosebud nipples making them super hard and achy. He slid his teeth over top of them very slowly. Paul continued treating her colossal mambas like fine wine, his licks eliciting numerous moans then he dipped two fingers in her wet pussy. Salina arched her back uttering a soft "please". 

"C'mere," Salina said as she pulled Paul's face towards hers licking off the cum that coated it.

Salina was calling the shots and Paul was enjoying every seductive moment. Soon they were in a full 69 position enjoying a frenzy of lustful sensations. They licked and pleased and teased each other for a long time. The couple's actions become more tense, more erratic and orgasmic as time went by. They teased and played with each other's tight little holes adding a higher level of enjoyment and wild sensations. As their fingers and mouths stimulated Salina and Paul released their wet pleasure for one another to enjoy. 

After her first orgasm was achieved with the magic of his swirling tongue Paul continued licking Salina seeking another o after placing her on her back with her legs spread wide. Paul didn't stop licking her as she arched and bucked a series of subtle and sometimes intense orgasms. He filled her pussy lips deeply with his hard cock making her moan with every deep, passionate, thrilling, thrust.

Paul wanted Salina to feel extreme pleasure and he wanted her to feel loved and treasured. Paul drove her wild when he rubbed his cock along her clit as he made love to her. Paul's touch and attentiveness made Salina feel amazing, like nothing she had ever experienced before.

"I'm going to cum now. I'm going to fill you with my passion sweet girl," Paul called out as he felt the beginning of an intense orgasm.

Salina's legs and pussy tightened around him as they both felt the familiar spasms of a thousand endorphins being release in their bodies.

"Fill me!" she shouted out as she fell into the throes of her orgasm.

Paul came inside her then holding her close as their mutual orgasm rocked them both.

"Baby, you fulfill me, you are the most stunning creature I have ever met. Let me hold you and make you mine. I adore you."

She hugged him and looked dreamily into his handsome face.

Paul's eyes portrayed a brilliant sparkle as he said the words that woke up her heart. It heightened all her senses and sent her endorphins reeling throughout her sensual body. She had never met a man so caring and sincere, and she didn't remember the last time she felt so good.

They laid there together for over and hour until the phone rang and they unwillingly had to release each other. 

When Paul returned he brought her snacks on a tray. Exotic fruits and sauces with small triangular wedge shaped waffles greeted her eyes. The coffee was fresh and mixed with the scent of sex in the room.

"Come join me," came the voice from the steaming shower.

"With pleasure sweetheart," he replied.

The sight before him made his hard again. Her big beautiful tits stood proud and firm as the water trickled over them. Her sleek trim body and shapely ass stopped him in his tracks. Paul couldn't remember the last time he had been so turned on by the image of woman.

Coming up behind her Paul pressed into her and started kissing her neck softly. Salina put her head back jutting her tits out so they reached toward the sky. He slipped one hand under her, feeling her wet folds and slid two fingers inside her. Salina started riding his fingers, rubbing his cock with her booty as she did. Salina's body moved beautifully. Her gorgeous tits jiggled with every movement. Paul put himself inside Salina then. His hands fastened onto her big breasts for leverage as he started fucking her, bending her just so, so he would fill her very deeply. His manhood slid inside of her slowly and powerfully as he pulled her towards him, increasing speed as they went until their bodies slapped together hard and fast. 

Paul was selfless in his approach, yet dominant at times. His goal was to make sure Salina felt extreme pleasure and felt loved and treasured. It was working. Paul's touch and attentiveness made her feel amazing.

As their bodies slapped together, Paul filled her deeply with his big long cock, making her moan with every deep, passionate, thrust.

"I'm going to cum now. I want to fill you with my passion for you my sweet girl," Paul offered.

Salina's legs tightened around him.

"Fill me!"She shouted out as she fell into the throes of her orgasm.

Paul came inside her then holding her close as their mutual orgasm rocked them both.

"Baby, you fulfill me, you are the most stunning creature I have ever met. Let me hold you and make you mine."

His eyes portrayed a brilliant sparkle as he said the words that woke up her heart. It heightened all her senses and sent her endorphins reeling throughout her sensual body. She had never met a man so caring and sincere, and she didn't remember the last time she felt so good.

They laid there together for over and hour until the phone rang and they unwillingly had to release each other. 

When Paul returned he brought her snacks on a tray. Exotic fruits and sauces with small triangular wedge shaped waffles greeted her eyes. The coffee was fresh and mixed with the scent of sex in the room.

"Come join me," came from the steaming shower.

"With pleasure sweetheart," he replied.

The sight before him made his hard again. Her big beautiful tits stood proud and firm as the water trickled over them. Her sleek trim body and shapely ass stopped him in his tracks. He couldn't remember the last time he had been so turned on by the image of woman. Coming up behind her Paul pressed into her and started kissing her neck softly. Salina pulled back her long neck, jutting her tits out so they reached toward the sky. He slipped one hand under her, grabbing her tuft of hair. Salina moaned as he was feeling her wet folds and slid two fingers inside her. Salina started riding his fingers, rubbing his cock with her many booty moves as she did. Her body moved beautifully and her gorgeous tits jiggled with every movement.

Paul put his hard throbbing cock in her pussy from behind, putting his hands around her big breasts as he pulled her towards him. Water dripped over her as he slid his big, throbbing, hard meat into her wet, eager, pussy. When her orgasm erupted he held her tight, then started pounding her like an animal. Her already very wet pussy slushed around him as he drove her hard. Seconds later his sticky wet cum spilled into her warm, wet, pussy.

They toweled each other off, kissing each other's sexy bodies as they did. 

The waffles, assorted fruit and sauces, and powdered sugar awaited them beside his bed. 

"Lay down flat on the bed on your back gorgeous," Paul encouraged as he tapped her cute, round ass.

Paul took the sauces, along with the powered sugar, and dibbled and dabbled drops and spoonfuls all over her hot body. Some well placed strawberries, mangos, and blueberries stood fixed in the middle of sauces like individual little desserts.

Paul started devouring her by placing his mouth on the chocolate sauces he had placed on her nipples. He circled his tongue, nibbled and caressed Salina's nipples for a very long time. She was dripping wet and ready for his hard cock within the first minute.

Salina closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensations as he circled her body nibbling at her. Knowing he would lick, tease and tantalize every inch of her drove her insane. Never had a man been so attentive, so exciting, so adventurous. All she knew was that she was enjoying every minute of this exotic adventure.

"Oooo oooo, fuck yes," Salina called out as his fingers and mouth worked on her pussy. The sensations were vibrant and varied. She watched him take a large strawberry between his lips. Her pussy lips felt the graze of his teeth as he inserted it into her pussy. Then he fucked her with it. The suction as the red fruit went in and out drove her wild. 

Salina realized that she was crazy horny for his man. She was bucking to his licks and swirls when a dynamic orgasm overtook her. She rode the wave for a long time making soft noises. When she subsided he put some cut up mangos and whipped cream in her pussy and scooped it up with a waffle wedge, wolfing it down. It was so erotic. 

"You taste so good baby," he said while taking a bite then giving it to her to taste.

The scent of her come mixed with the fresh fruit filled the air as she tasted her come and ate her breakfast.

The enjoyed each other all after noon and felt the excitement of new romance in every movement and thought. 

"I will have to get home eventually, I work tomorrow night," Salina sadly pointed out.

"Oh, gorgeous, I don't want you to go back to work; I want you here in my arms."

With those words he held her close. As she told him about work he had an idea.

"Look babe, I need a "Yes" girl. Like a personal assistant. What ever you usually bring home in a month I'll triple it."

"What about Mario? He'll be mad that I left him high and dry."

"I know Mario. Don't worry about it. I'll make sure he's happy and well taken care of, and your job will be there anytime you want to go back."

"What about my regulars? They'll get suspicious that I up and disappeared." Salina questioned.

"They'll be told you went to help an aunt across country, so none will be tempted to contact you. You can live here with me, and we can enjoy each other every day and night. What do you say?" Paul asked softly while holding her in his arms.

"Yes," said the yes girl. "How can I refuse?"

This man was giving her a ride she didn't want to get off of. Paul's hands moved up to her perfect mounds. Their mouths greeted each other with longing as they sealed the deal. The promise of sexual excitement was a vibe they couldn't resist. 

The days went by with blissful feelings, erotic loving making and fucking in many different positions all over the house. One time she watched in the mirror as he entered her while she had one foot up on a chair. Another time she was on the bathroom counter being pushed into the corner wall mirror by his hard thrusts.
