 "Happy Birthday to you,
Happy Birthday to you,
Happy Birthday dear Marian,
Happy Birthday to you."

I watched Marian glance around the breakfast table with a smirk on her face. "Okay, I have to admit you surprised me. I was expecting something like this at lunch, but breakfast, really? It's too damn early to contemplate being another year older. I would volunteer the twins to take my birthday spankings, since I'm sure they were the ones who convinced you to start this early, but they're already dressed for school."

If you could classify what little the twins had on as dressed. They had begged Marian to help them find matching uniforms from the school Jaden had worked at in Rome as soon as they found out about his schoolgirl fetish. They were wearing the full uniform, but they had the skirt rolled up to mid-thigh and the top tied halter style to display their breasts. They looked more like an X-rated fantasy version of schoolgirls than actual schoolgirls.

It was made even more amusing by the fact that Jaden steadfastly refused to have sex with either of them. The girls had signed up for his chemistry class, and he said it would be inappropriate while they were current students of his. They teased him mercilessly at home, but he assured Master that they fixed their uniforms and were perfectly behaved when they were on school grounds.

"Actually my dear, I told them to get it out of their systems early, since you won't be available for lunch or dinner. One of the girls will be bringing your meals up, as you won't be allowed out of bed except to go to the bathroom. Once you finish your breakfast, kitten will be taking you upstairs to start on your birthday present." Master said with a chuckle. "Remember when you told me about how you came up with the all-day sucker plan, and I told you I knew what we were doing on your birthday? The girls will be swapping out every half hour or so, so no one gets too tired as they spend the day licking your pussy."

Marian shook her head with a little laugh. "Master, I didn't think you would actually go through with that idea. I'm looking forward to it, although I may not make it all day unless they go easy on me."

"You don't have to worry about that," I told her. "We've all agreed that we will only bring you to climax once at the beginning of each session before switching to a gentle lapping to keep you mildly aroused without pushing you to cum too often."

I saw her shiver with anticipation and smile. "Thanks for clarifying that for me, Vivi. I think I can handle a climax every half hour and constant gentle stimulation all day. With Master saying I won't be available for meals, is it safe to assume I'm getting the same treatment he did on Monday?"

"Right down to having to use his bed for it," I replied. "Gianna and I changed the sheets while everyone else was finishing their showers, so it's all fresh and clean for you to start. Kitten is just waiting for you to finish breakfast."

Marian looked down at her coffee cup before taking the last drink and setting it down. "I think it's time to start then, although I feel a bit bad knowing my husband will be off working while I'm in bed playing all day."

"Don't worry about it hun," Jaden told her. "It actually helps me deal with some of my more academically challenged students, imagining who you might be playing with at the moment. Come on hellions, it's about time for us to get moving as well."

As the group around the table dispersed, I held back to help Zara gather up the dishes. It wasn't all that abnormal for me to help after lunch or dinner, but she knew I had my own work to do and gave me an odd look as everyone else left. "Okay Vivi, what's going on? You and Gianna usually bolt out of here after breakfast to get started so you can get back to playing sooner."

"I just wanted to ask if you were going into town today," I replied hesitantly.

"Of course, you know I go in after breakfast every Monday and Wednesday. What do you need sweetie, I've never seen you act this nervous before."

"I wanted to ask you to pick something up for me." She just looked at me expectantly and I swallowed the lump in my throat. "I need a pregnancy test."

Her eyes went wide and I could see the excitement building before I put my hand over her mouth. "Please don't shout. It's too early to be sure, as I'm only a day late starting my period, but I've never been late before and I'm worried. My body has been on a twenty-eight day cycle since I had my first period and I've always known when I was about to start."

"I thought you and Master only did anal on your fertile days," she said after pulling my hand away from her mouth. "You are usually so careful about timing your cycles and letting him know when it's not safe."

"I know, I know, and I was just as careful this month. We never have regular sex from three days before I'm supposed to ovulate until the fourth day after just to be safe. I knew it was going to happen eventually, but it's a lot sooner than I thought. You know what they call people who use the rhythm method for birth control?" I saw her shake her head and sighed, "Parent's."

She smiled faintly as she caught the joke. "Are you alright with it happening so soon? You know Master is going to be ecstatic if you are pregnant, but you seem a bit down."

"I'm going to be just as happy as Master is if I'm pregnant," I sighed. "I know he loves me and will take care of me. I have one little problem though. I haven't told my parent's anything about our living arrangements. They know I work here, but they don't know that you are all my lovers. They are going to have a cow when they find out I'm pregnant, and I'm a bit worried what they will think when they find out Master is the father."

"They expected you would get married before you lost your virginity, didn't they," she asked, shaking her head. "I'll pick up the test for you and I won't say anything about it, but I want you to think about something for me. Master told you he wanted you to have his child when you became his pet, would it be any easier to tell your parents if it had happened next year instead of now?"

"I don't even need to think about that one," I sighed. "I guess I was just trying to put off telling them because I know they wouldn't approve. Alonso is a wonderful man, but I know they will just see him as a rich older man taking advantage of me. I should probably wait until after I'm sure to start worrying about it though. I could just be a day late."

"It is possible your cycle is shifting. I've heard stories were groups of women living together had their cycles synchronize over time, but it has never been proven to happen. It would be hard to tell with most of the girls on birth control, but it could happen." She looked down at her watch as she started loading the dishwasher. "I have quite a bit of shopping to do, since I hit the butcher on Wednesdays for all our meats for the week, but I will be back by eleven. I'll come find you as soon as I get back and you can find out for sure." 

"Thanks Zara, you're a lifesaver. I'll go scrub some toilets and try to not think about it until you get back," I told her. "I just hope Sonia isn't to upset if I am, it was supposed to be her turn."

Zara snorted out a laugh. "I doubt she will be upset, Sonia is of the opinion that Master needs at least a dozen children. She will probably be just as excited as Master is if you turn out to be pregnant. If you'll excuse me though, I need to get dressed so I can go shopping. I doubt anyone would complain if I showed up like this, but I'm not sure I want the attention."

I had to grin as she walked away. She only wore her collar half the time, but her regular outfits around the house consisted of a bra, panties and stockings unless she was cooking something that required her to get dressed. Even then, she only wore her chef outfit for the absolute minimum time she needed it before peeling it off again. No one wore more than they had to around the house, simply because it got in the way when you wanted to play.

Speaking of, I had to get my cleaning done before I could get out of my work uniform and back into my tiger stripes. I couldn't help but giggle when I thought about how my parents would react if they saw me in that outfit. Finding out I was pregnant by a man over twice my age would be shocking, but they would probably faint if they saw me wearing that.

As I went about my cleaning for the day, I realized I would have to call my parents and tell them the truth about my relationship with Master even if I wasn't pregnant. Maybe not all the truth, but they deserved to know I had found a man and I was in love. I wasn't sure I wanted them coming over here though. Even if we were all dressed normally, it would be hard to miss the fact that we were all in love with Master, and that he loved all of us in return.

They would have a hard enough time accepting the fact I was living in sin with a man almost forty years older than I was. Finding out I had a dozen other lovers, both male and female, would probably kill them. I had never even told them I was bi-sexual.

"Gianna said I would probably find you on this side, are you almost done?"

I glanced back at Zara as I wiped the counter down and saw the paper bag she was holding. "Just finishing up here, how much do I owe you?"

She just smiled and shook her head. "It's on Master's tab. He told me back in my first week that if anyone asked for a pregnancy test, it was to be put on his bill. I guess he figured the girls would ask me since I go into town so often. I did the same for Kiera when she was late so she would know before asking Master to make her an appointment."

"Would you stay with me? You wouldn't believe how nervous I am, and I'm not even sure how to do this."

She just smirked as she closed the door behind her. "I think I have an idea how nervous you are. I was in the exact same place you are just a couple of months ago, but I was a hundred percent sure I wanted to be pregnant. Remember, I wouldn't play with Master until I was sure, and I know you remember how wound up I was the last few days as I waited for the doctor to confirm it."

I had to grin as she opened the package. "You were insatiable all week after giving Master a blowjob for the first time. It was actually kind of fun if you want my opinion."

"It was the lap dance in the van that did it. I love my husband, but I'm sure you've noticed he doesn't really have a lot of stamina. He holds back long enough to satisfy his partner, but I think kitten and Kiera are the only ones who get multiple orgasms with him. Knowing Master could last long enough to give me multiple orgasms had me more than a little anxious."

We were both smirking as she handed me the tester. Her assessment of Marcello was spot on. He was fun in bed, and always made sure his partner climaxed, but he usually climaxed with you. We were all used to Master driving us through several climaxes before he finally finished.

"Okay, just pop the blue cap off, pee on the stick, put the cap back on and wait a minute."

My nervousness came rushing back as I sat down on the toilet. "How accurate are these?"

"Master was clear on what ones he wanted me getting if we needed them. If you're far enough along to be late, these are pretty much foolproof. If it shows a positive, you tell Master you need your first prenatal checkup. Dr. Perelli will do a full workup for confirmation, but the chances of a false positive are one in a thousand."

I nodded as I peed on the stick and waited for the longest minute of my life. The biggest problem was I was of two minds of what I wanted it to read. A part of me wanted to be pregnant. I loved Alonso, and the thought of having his child had me almost giddy with excitement. That was the emotional part of my mind.

The rational part kept arguing it was too soon. I knew my parents would flip over Alonso being my lover. I was old enough that I didn't need their approval, but they were still my parents. I was a little worried they would disown me if I told them I was pregnant.

I finally held out the tester to Zara. "Can you look for me?"

She looked concerned as she took my hand. "Are you sure you're ready for this if you are?"

"I want to be, but I can't stop that part of me that is worrying about what my parents will think. I know I'm an adult now, but I still want their approval. That is going to be a lot harder to get if they find out I have a lover when I tell them I'm pregnant. I guess I'm both insanely excited and scared to death."

"I understand why you're worried, but remember that whatever happens, you have people here that love you." I nodded as she glanced down at the test then smiled at me. "Congratulations, you're going to be a mother."

I couldn't keep the tears from flowing as I jumped up and hugged her. "My parents are going to kill me, but I don't even care. Master is going to be so excited; we have to go tell him."

"I know he will be, but we have to find him first," Zara told me. "The pool, solarium and great room were all empty. I only found Gianna in the other bathroom because I heard the water running. I would think they were all in the bedroom, but Master never plays in the bedroom before lunch."

"No, but it's Marian's birthday. Master wouldn't want to keep one of the girls from her turn with Marian." Her eyes lit up as she realized I was right. "Master wouldn't want his after walk playtime to keep one of the girls from taking their turn, so he took everyone up to the bedroom after Kiera and Rebeca's walk."

"He knew you and Gianna would go up to change after you finished working so you would be able to join in. He knows I go shopping then start on lunch after I get everything put away, so he wouldn't have asked me to join them because he knows I would have declined." She shook her head in amusement before smirking at me. "I guess it's a good thing though, since most of the household is in the bedroom for the big announcement. Are you ready?"

"To tell the people that I know will be happy for me," I asked with a nod. "I'm just not looking forward to what I have to do after that. I have to call my parent's and tell them I'm pregnant. I know they will want to meet Master as soon as possible, assuming they don't just disown me."

She smiled gently as she pulled me out of the bathroom. "They are still your parents. I think they love you enough to accept your life, even if they don't agree with what you're doing. Marta's mother was about as against this lifestyle as you can get, but she has come to accept it because she loves her daughter. Give them a chance, okay?"

The scene in the bedroom was tamer than I expected. Kiera was curled up between Marian's legs, but that was the only sexual thing happening. Everyone else was relaxing on the bed, talking about putting an addition on the house. I don't think Master accounted for how often we would have visitors and how many children he would end up having when he made the original design.

At the time, he didn't think he could have children, so he was thinking it would just be Sonia's baby and possibly one from Kiera if Jaden agreed to get her pregnant. Now he had five pets who wanted to have his children, and Sonia was still trying to convince him that he didn't need to stop at just one apiece. Even if he did just have one by each of us, we were looking at seven children in the house and would need more rooms to accommodate all of them.

I walked over to the bed and sat next to Master, still holding the test behind my back. "Master, I need you to schedule a doctor's appointment for me, preferably as soon as possible."

His concern was clear as he sat up and put his hand on my knee. "Of course, pet, are you not feeling well? We can take you into emergency if you need to get in right away."

All activity on the bed had stopped when I said I needed to go to the doctor. Even Marian and Kiera had stopped playing and were watching in case I needed them. This is what a real loving family looked like. Every one of them would give up their day to take care of me if I needed it.

"It's not urgent Master, but it is important. I have a condition that will require me to be under a doctor's supervision for the next nine months," I replied as I handed him the pregnancy test.

Master's eyes lit up as he pulled me into his lap, but his response was drowned out by the excited screams of my sisters. We were quickly surrounded, as everyone wanted to touch and congratulate me. Whatever happened with my parents, I knew I would never be alone.

It took almost twenty minutes for everyone to calm back down, but I could see the worry in Master's eyes. "Master, you don't need to worry. I know we were trying to avoid me getting pregnant so soon, but I couldn't be happier. I wanted to have your child; I'm just worried Sonia might be upset that I got pregnant before she did."

I heard a snort and turned to see Sonia still soothing Nicky. The screaming had woken her from her nap and she was a little cranky. "I wanted Master to knock you up as soon as he put that collar around your neck. You and Gianna actually, but he wanted to space us out a bit more. Besides, if we're lucky, you only beat me by a week, but I wouldn't be upset either way."

I turned back to Master and could still see that he looked worried. "Are you sure you're okay with this happening so soon? I won't deny I wanted you to get pregnant, but I thought you wanted to wait."

"Master, we weren't exactly taking any real precautions," I replied with a little laugh. "We both knew it was going to happen eventually, it just happened sooner than we anticipated. Remember what I said before your put my collar on? I gave myself to you freely and without reservations. If you had told me you wanted me pregnant that first month, I would have been overjoyed to let you try."

"As long as you want this as much as I do, my dear. I will call Dr. Perelli's office and set up an appointment for you." He glanced back at Marian before smiling at me. "Your announcement did interrupt Marian's birthday present though. You should go apologize and make it up to her."

I glanced over at Marian and smiled. "I'd love to Master, but I have one more favor to ask. After lunch, I need to call my parents tell them I'm pregnant. I haven't even told them about you being my lover yet, so they will probably blow up on me. One thing I can be sure of is they will want to meet you as soon as possible. Would it be alright if I invite them to dinner tonight?"

"That would be fine my dear, or whatever night they are available. Just make sure you let Zara know so she makes enough for everyone. Would you want everyone dressed for their visit?"

"If you don't mind, Master, My parents are going to have a hard enough time with me being pregnant and knowing I'm not getting married. Seeing how openly sexual our household is would be a major problem for them." I glanced back at Zara. "Would two more for dinner tonight be a problem?"

"As long as you tell me before I start cooking, it's never a problem to add a few extra people, especially for dinner. I usually make extra of whatever the antipasto is so I can grind the leftovers for bruschetta topping the next day. In this case that's mozzarella and caper stuffed cerignola with a caprese salad."

"It sounds delicious; hopefully they will stick around long enough to enjoy it. Part of me is worried they will just show up so they can look me in the eye before slapping me, calling me a harlot and disowning me." I saw Master looking worried again and smiled faintly. "I know they won't approve Master, I just hope they accept me being with you. I will be surrounded by people who love me, even if they decide to leave."

"Are you going to be alright?" I could hear the volumes behind Master's simple question. Family was important to him, and my parents were the only ones who were local but hadn't been by for a visit. Marcello's mother had no idea what really happened here, but she had been over for dinner, and Gianna's mom had stopped by a couple times to visit. Of course, Gianna had told her everything so she wasn't too surprised to find everyone naked by the pool on her first visit.
