 About a month after we moved into the house I decided to tease Sean through his workday. The first time I called him was about 9:30am; I told him that I was wearing one of his shirts and a lacey lavender thong and starting to masturbate on his bed, where I could smell him all around me. I hung up quickly and waiting till about 1:00 pm to call back, this time I whispered dirty thoughts into his ear while he was at a meeting where he couldn't respond to me and then hung up again rather quickly.

After that call I decided to call a girlfriend of mine. She was bi and very cute. Some people often mistook us for sisters, twin sisters! I invited her to come for dinner, telling her that I wanted her to wear something sexy and slutty and for her to come around 4:00 pm. She agreed to come over and I smiled to myself as I hung up the phone. I started cooking because once she was here I didn't want to have to deal with that mess.

Dressed in a black mini with white thigh highs and a sheer lavender blouse I answered the door when Sheila rang the bell. We hugged and laughed when we realized we were dressed almost identically. 

"Put your bag in this room", I said pointing to the master bedroom, "let me show you the rest of the house"

After showing her the rest of the house we got set to make Sean's night. She sat in the armchair directly across from my front door and I sat between her legs on the ottoman. At first we teased each other a little, kissing and fondling like two experimenting teenagers. My fingers moved across her shaven cunt gently, teasing her as I licked down her neck and chest slowly. I flicked my tongue across her nipple at the same time I dove a finger deep into her cunt. Sheila let out a soft moan as I began to move my way down her body, licking and biting gently as I went. My fingers were spreading her cunt lips open so when my tongue met my fingers I would already be inside her. 

Sheila leaned back in the chair pushing her skirt up and opening her blouse so that her bare breasts were exposed, I repositioned myself so that I was lying on the ottoman and slowly began licking her cunt, looking into her eyes while I did so. I stuck my tongue firmly against her clit and slid it all around the sweet nub, making it swell as I finger fucked her tight hole. Then without warning I stuck my tongue deep inside her, burying my face in her cunt, sucking it and licking it too. My other hand roamed up to feel her breasts, first gently then more forcefully. " Mmmmm" she moaned. 

We heard Sean's key in the door and all we did was slide my skirt up so he could see my shaven cunt hang out while I ate Shelia's cunt. As the door opened we both looked at Sean with a look that almost said oops we've been caught, then we smiled as we saw Sean's expression. 

" By all means ladies, do not let me interrupt" Sean said as he sat down across from us, turning on a lamp next to him so he could see what was going on. I began to fuck Sheila with my tongue again, now using my fingers on myself while Sean watched me. 

Behind me I heard Sean unzip his pants slowly, "mmmmm" I moaned into Sheila's cunt thinking that Sean was going to stroke his cock watching us. He did for a minute then I felt him behind me… his fingers brushing mine aside then moving into my cunt and pumping hard, he whispered to me "you're a bad slut, calling me today at work and teasing me like that and then eating a cunt before I could come home and use you." 

I felt him pull his finger out of me and before I knew what was going on Sean entered me with his cock hard and fast, driving me deeper into Sheila's cunt. She moaned loud and so did I, and Sean slowly began to fuck me from behind, pulling my hair back so he could see my tongue work on Sheila's cunt.

Sean pulled his dick out of my cunt slowly and told me to move; as I stood up he slapped my ass and told me not to go far. Looking at Sheila as he positioned himself between her legs he asked, " may I?" She looked at me and I nodded, it was my turn to watch, I sat on the floor right next to them and watched Sean enter that pink cunt I was just licking, slowly my legs opened and my fingers moved into my cunt as I watched them. Looking back and forth between their faces as they enjoyed themselves.

I sat up and leaned in close to Sheila and slid my finger along her cunt as Sean was fucking her, she squealed with excitement as I did this, so I took it a step further and leaned in and began to lick her clit while Sean fucked her, occasionally licking his cock too. Sean pulled his cock out of Sheila's cunt and moved towards my mouth.

"Lick her cunt off my dick baby," Sean said to me, pushing his cock into my mouth.Sean was standing over me as I sat on the floor with my legs spread. Opening my mouth I gently licked his dick all the way around it, letting him watch her cum gather onto my tongue. While I was doing this Sheila positioned herself between my legs and began to lick my cunt slowly. I took Sean's cock deep into my throat, sucking it hungrily as Sheila worked my cunt with her mouth. Sean looked into my eyes as he started to fuck my mouth faster and Sheila continued to eat my cunt. 

"Sheila come here," I whispered as I pulled Sean's cock out of my mouth, I gently kissed her and brought Sean's cock to her mouth. Sheila took his cock into her mouth and gently sucked it, while I watched.Occasionally licking her lips or his balls. 

Sean pulled his cock out of Sheila's mouth and told me to go lie on the couch. Doing as he asked, I watched as he told Sheila to straddle my face. She did this, facing Sean as he entered my cunt slowly, I began to lick her cunt again as Sean started to fuck me harder. He was fondling her breasts and fucking me. This was turning me on. The next thing I new Sean had pulled his cock out of my tight cunt and entered my ass slowly. He grabbed Sheila by the hair and told her to eat my cunt while he fucked my ass. 

He picked up the pace of his thrusts as Sheila ate me; she used her stiff tongue to fuck me and her fingers too, repeating whatever I did to her. Sean watched it all and before long he was Cumming deep inside my ass. As he erupted inside me, I also began to cum. Sheila soon followed with an orgasm of her own. We all sat on the couch together in a state of disbelief of what had just happened. I had been with Sheila before but never with Sean at the same time. 

"I hope that wasn't dinner baby," Sean said wickedly, "because now I have worked up an appetite". Giggling I stood up and pulled my skirt back down saying "dinner is in the oven."