 The Grange is "the" nightspot in the city.

Downstairs the Forbidden City nightclub books big name performers, Stompin Ronnie Hawkins, Barry Manilow, Paul Anka and the likes.

Upstairs the Rickshaw dining room offers a wide selection of the finest Chinese cuisine. I work as a waitress in the restaurant. The Rickshaw is a family restaurant until 2 am. At 2 am the performers moved upstairs to do a final set in the dining room. At two the waitresses magically became topless!

We dress like Geisha girls although geishas are actually Japanese. Mr. Hoan the owner brings back silk kimonos for us to wear from his annual visits to China. At 2 am the tops of the kimonos are opened, we are naked beneath except for panties. Being bare breasted was not a problem for me as I still had a nice pair of 38C tits. Most of the girls are younger than me and have smaller and perkier boobs. There is only Edna who is in her forties who is bigger at 40DD. 

Mr. Hoan has two sons Robert and Tommy who oversee the business. Tommy looked after the alcohol part of the operation while Robert managed the dining room.

Robert is a pleasant family man while his brother Tommy is a true womanizer with a different young chick on his arm every week.

Occasionally Tommy hosted private parties for some of his close friends. They were held in a private room off the restaurant and half-a-dozen girls were invited to dress the affair up.

There were rumors of debauchery at these affairs with group sex being on the menu. 

One day shortly after the beginning of my shift Tommy Hoan approached me.

"Michelle, I need a girl for Friday night. Three hundred dollars for two hours." He told me. "It will be five Chinese businessmen."

I knew for that kind of money I would be serving more than egg rolls. I got the impression my "fortune cookie" was going to be used. But a hundred and fifty an hour, and I could use the money.

"Don't bother with panties under you kimono Friday." Tommy said when I agreed.

Friday arrived before I knew it. I started my shift as usual but felt strange with mo panties beneath my kimono reminding me of what was to come.

At about seven o'clock Tommy sent for me.

The five guests were assembled in the private meeting room. All were short generously proportioned Asians in the fifty-year-old range. They greeted me with big smiles and traditional bows. 

"Show them desert." Tommy ordered.

I took the kimono off my shoulders and let it fall to the floor. I stood before them wearing only a smile. 

The guests had already stripped down to their shorts. Clothes neatly folded over the chairs.

"Our friends would like to honor you with bukkake." Tommy announced.

I knew bukkake was where the men would cum on me, covering me with their sperm.

"I would be honored." I did a quick curtsy. 

I vinyl-covered mat had been placed on the floor. Tommy directed me to lie down on it.

It came like a gentle rain from above. Looking up I could see five cocks being jerked in my direction. Warm drops of thick, creamy semen begin falling onto my naked body. My face, my breasts and my stomach all were splattered with the soothing fluid. I opened my mouth and caught a couple of strings on my extended tongue. Smiling I swallowed the salty sperm.

The bukkake lasted about twenty minutes and I looked like a frosted donut. One load had hit me in my left eye and it was stinging.

"Time to see how many cocks you can get in her?" Tommy announced. 

Until now two had been my record.

One of the guys joined me on the mat and lay on his back. I was lifted by several hands and lowered onto his cock. He guided himself into my sphincter and my weight drove him into my ass. He gripped my hips and made himself comfortable in my bowels. 

Once fully installed in my ass one of his compatriots got on top and started his cock into my cunt. My pussy lips parted and allowed him to slide into me. It was my first time being double penetrated. I had never felt so full of cock in my life. As the two cocks worked my orifices the head of a third cock pressed against my lips.

My mouth opened to take in cock number three but as it entered yet another cock crowded into my open mouth with it! Four cocks were now inside of me.

It felt weird, each cock moving independently inside my body. I felt as if I had been infested by a colony of serpents.

I knew each would be spitting their sticky venom filling me with their Asian genes. I squirmed helplessly as they ravished my body.

My body was slippery with a coating of cum from the bukkake session. We slid together in a human ball each cock buried inside of me. 

I was consumed in my own orgasm as the four cocks begin emptying into me. Hot Chinese jism flooded my cavities and rolled down my throat.

After consuming a family-size order of sweet and sour cum I was dedicated to one-on-one fucking.

I got to meet my lovers face to face.

The first was a distinguished looking chubby man in his fifties or early sixties. I imagined he could be the father of a young woman almost my age. His cock was thick but my well-used pussy accepted it without resistance.

He was only on top of me a few minutes before he started grunting like an animal and I felt is sperm flowing into my cum-laden cunt.

"Thank you very much." He said as he left me to be used by his associates.

They each did me one at a time adding to the cum concoction collecting in my womb.

"Very good, you can go get cleaned up." Tommy said excusing me. 

My name was added to the "private party list" for future assignments.