 She was afraid of it ending, but she was terrified that it would continue.

Callie had not been able to figure out what was going on with her coworker. Adan had been distant...but then again, their paths did not cross once the spring term was over. She was in her office, around campus, preparing for the next academic year, organizing syllabi, connecting with the students, and he was presumably doing the same thing, but in his own physical spheres. She emailed him occasionally about mundane things, and always received a response within a few hours. The speed of response could mean that he was waiting for her emails...or it could simply mean that, like Callie, Adan spent the majority of his time at his computer, as well.

The fantasies in her mind continued, but she had nothing to anchor them on. She imagined Adan even when she made an effort to redirect her erotic thoughts towards another man, or towards a fantasy. But her mind always rested upon Adan. His arms, his height (he was tall!), his imagined scent (she realized that she had never noticed a cologne or other artificial scent from him. Did he just smell like...male skin? Like the tang of precum?) He was an obsession. And without seeing him around the office and the facilities over the summer, she started to question herself.

Were the emails from the previous months just polite office banter? Callie had deleted many of them, out of fear of...the unknown. Would the IT department read them and read into them? What if she stepped away from her office, and someone decided to snoop through her folders? Was the undercurrent of lust and tension just on her end? Was there anything at all? The warm looks, the smiles, the conversations about nothing, the departmental celebration at the bar in the spring....

Callie resolved to do everything within her power to keep her eyes open for another hint that she was not just a silly young woman, lusting after a coworker. But the fall term would tell. They were already assigned two projects to work on together, and Callie suspected that a third might come about by the end of the fall season. Then, perhaps, she could push things so that she could get herself rejected. Then, and only then, she feared, she would be able to put this man out of her mind, and stop shoving her fingers inside of her pussy at the mere thought of him.

On a quiet week in the summer, when her husband was out of town, Callie did some research online. She had been afraid to do so during office hours, but this summer holiday week afforded her some time to research. Adan's wife was in a technical research field, working in the chemical and laboratory downtown. Callie found the wife's photo online from the company's large corporate site. She was...ordinary. Pleasant to look at, but nothing remarkable at all. Adan was older than Callie by eight or nine years...the wife looked closer to fifteen years older. Not unattractive. Just...older. Callie felt a heavy feeling in her stomach. Who was she to be stalking this man's wife online? Who was she to be assessing this obviously brilliant woman's appearance? On the one hand, this was public information, accessible to all. On the other hand...Callie was scoping out the other woman in Adan's life. His wife was ordinary...but perhaps she could be an in to her husband. The wife looked repressed, and simple. Callie doubted that this other woman - Leah was her name - had eaten pussy before.

Callie blushed. All of these debased ideas coming from her - her! This quiet, good, faithful young woman who had never thought about straying, let alone seeking out another woman to lie with. It was depraved, evil, immoral...and oh, so tempting. Would this Leah have small breasts? Sweet lips? A sigh when she was touched? A petite, angular frame or soft curves to cup? Callie determined to get into Leah's head, and Leah's bed. Either Callie would feel like a filthy whore, attempting to use an ordinary, pleasant-looking woman to get to fuck her husband, or Callie would be disgusted by herself and give up this fantasy surrounding Adan. Either way, events would come to a head. (heh)

But still. The thought of tempting this meek, quiet, ordinary woman in order to fuck both her and her husband? Such delicious temptation. Callie could see it now. Callie would be on a trip with the two of them...a conference, perhaps. Something for the school, but many of Callie's coworkers brought their spouses to the retreat for some after-hours fellowship and recreation. They would all be down in the common area of the lodge, sitting on long couches by the fire. Wine would be flowing, and the rest of the participants would have left, leaving the three alone downstairs. The pops and crackles of the fire would complement the warmth from the flames on their bodies. Leah would be half leaning, half laying against her husband. Inevitably, the conversation would turn to relationships, and sex, and experiences. The wine would loosen Leah's tongue. Leah would finally confess to her desire and curiosity to see what a woman tasted like. Leah would feel safe. After all, she was in her husband's arms, at a retreat, out of town, with one of his nice coworkers. Leah was just curious about the feel, the sensation. Just a kiss, of course. But Callie would move from her couch to the couch where the couple resided. She would see how Adan was stroking Leah's arm and neck, relaxing her.

Callie leaned towards Leah, sandwiching the blonde woman between herself and Adan. Slowly, slowly, Callie leaned towards Leah. Caressing the side of her face with her hand. Not spooking the woman. Leah was older, but unaccustomed to such attention from another woman. A younger, vibrant, passionate woman. Finally, Callie leaned in for the kiss. Their lips met, and Leah whimpered into Callie's mouth. It made it so much hotter for Callie to realize that Adan was watching her kiss his wife. Raising her level of arousal. Their lips pressed together, and Callie opened Leah's mouth with her tongue. Callie was dominating the activity, and Adan watched it all with half-closed brown eyes.

Callie broke off the kiss and went to nibble on Leah's neck. Callie's hands were supporting herself above the couple; Adan grabbed her hands and drew them to his arms, causing Callie to abruptly fall on top of Leah and Adan. Callie gripped Adan's solid arms and bit Leah's neck. The older woman arched her neck in response. Callie was in control of the other woman, but Adan was the goal. And in the back of her mind, Callie knew that she would do anything Adan told her to do. She had never tasted pussy, had never suckled another nipple, had never cupped the weight of a breast in her palm...but she would do anything Adan told her to do, if it meant his approval.

Callie moved down Leah's warm neck towards the line of buttons on her matronly blouse. The woman dressed like she had no estrogen...no desire to tempt, to tease, to entice. The woman had potential, if only she were directed as to how to use it. Callie popped two pearl buttons open with a flick of her fingers. The resulting expanse of pale skin led towards the edges of a simple white bra. Without thinking, Callie nosed the satin aside, closing her lips upon the hard pink nipple. Leah gasped and arched her back, rubbing her ass against Adan's crotch. Callie took one of her hands off of Adan's wonderful, thick arms and put two fingers into Leah's mouth. Leah sucked them in, nursing on them like they were two thin cocks fucking her warm, slick orifice.

Callie blinked, coming back to reality. The mail icon was present in the lower right corner of the laptop's monitor. Enough messing around online, looking at other men's wives. Damn it. This Adan was an obsession. There was something wrong with her. She needed to look up a psychiatrist tomorrow morning. Find someone to talk to about her obsessions, her willingness to stray, her evil desires. She shouldn't be conjuring such elaborate fantasies about this coworker, without his consent. There was no explanation for it. Jesus.

Callie closed her Firefox browser and clicked open the Outlook window. She gasped.

It was a message from Adan. /no subject/

Callie clicked up to it, opening it in the reading pane. Just one line in the message body:

Do you like how my wife tastes?