 Alexis burst out laughing at the question. She blushed and grinned at the other two girls. She couldn't answer the question that Erika was asking. 

"I don't know what cum tastes like."

It was the only answer she could give. She had just been describing her experience with her boyfriend Joe. Yesterday had been a thrilling day, and she had gone further than she ever had before. 

The other girls giggled. Yes, they were all nervous, and they all had nervous energy. For Alexis, it made her flush. And that wasn't the box wine that was doing that. 

Erika had been the instigator. Although she presented herself as a Jewish American Princess, she was the most sexually experienced of the three of them. Alexis hated that about Erika. It made Erika hard to talk to, especially in contrast to Becky, who was so good at listening. Becky was the innocent one that never did anything wrong. Also Jewish, she had the complexion of a redhead and was blessed with C cups on a petite frame. It had occured to Alexis that their oversized breasts were something they all had in common.

Alexis thought about last night's events and how turned on she had been after seeing Joe. She had gone home and spent hours fingering herself and finding release. Her knees turned inwards involuntarily as she thought about Joe. 

Last night had started off as a regular evening. Joe had come over and they hung out in her living room for about an hour, watching crappy movies on USA and gossiping about their classmates. Her parents had cancelled their plans and were cooking stir fry in the kitchen. She wanted to drag Joe into the basement so she could get closer to him, but her parents would have objected. 

They decided to go for a walk to the park down the street. It was closed off on three sides, and only on rare occasions were other people there. It wasn't much of a park, just a stand of pine trees, a picnic table and a BBQ grill.

They walked down there holding hands, and Alexis remembered how electric she felt. Her entire body had been tingling with anticipation. She had a gymnast's body, with broad shoulders and a flat stomach. Her Irish heritage meant that she was blessed with a lot of freckles. She loved her boobs, since they were large (D cups) and got her attention, but she hated them because they caused her endless back pain. They had held her back from being a better gymnast.

She knew that Joe had been attracted to her boobs at first. But after 3 months of dating, he definitely liked her because she hadn't let him get into her clothes. And she knew that he liked her because she hadn't heard any rumors at school. She had learned from her experience with Michael, who had told the rest of their class that she had given him a BJ. That was a lie. Alexis had learned from that experience, and had decided to take things slower. 

The picnic table was bathed in light, and the light had made the night seem darker. It also had the effect of turning Joe's skin the color of india ink. Joe was a football player and he was obsessive about the gym. His jet black skin rippled as his muscles shifted under them. She knew that a lot of other girls would have been scared of his build and his biceps. She also suspected that Joe had a sizeable dick, since she had felt it nudging at her belly when they were making out.

They had made out on the park bench. Joe's hands had started wandering. He was holding her from behind and she could feel his manhood rubbing against her ass through her skirt. Meanwhile his hands had slowly crept up her top until they had lodged awkwardly under her bra. His hands had staied trapped under her underwire for an eon while he breathed down her neck and nibbled her earlobes. Alexis' underwear was soaked with anticipation by this point. Joe's hands had made their way to the front of her bra where he had played with her nipples through the lace. His right hand had then moved down and slipped its way into her skirt. 

He had slipped his hands between her soaking panties and had rubbed the edges of her pussy lips for about 30 seconds before she had come to her senses. The park bench was bright and she couldn't see outside the pool of light. She knew that the Halls could see the bench from their living room. She worried that Mr. Hall, or worse, little Stewie, could see her and Joe. She had panicked and she quickly untangled herself from Joe.

The night was fresh in her memory and she imagined that she could still smell Joe. She had vividly described her experience wto Erika and Becky, who had paid attention as she recounted the previous evening's events. She had wanted to go further with Joe before she chickened out. Erika had already had sex with one of their classmates, and Alexis desperately wanted to keep up. None of them had experienced oral sex, though there were rumors that some of the other girls in their class had tried it, so there was always that.

Becky surprised them all when she said "well, I have a story for you!"

Becky worked at the Ice Cream shop, Green Acres, most Friday nights, so Alexis was shocked that Becky would have something to contribute.

Becky started her story with "Well, I ran into Mike and Dooley at the Ice Cream shop." Mike and Dooley were soccer players who were inseparable. They had both gone out and gotten mirror image tattoos when they turned 18.

"They had some ice creams and were hanging out while I worked. Pretty soon it was closing time and they invited me over to Dooley's place, since Dooley's parents were out of town. I thought it'd be fun and Dooley said that they would have some beer. Also, Dooley mentioned that the pool was just cleaned."

Alexis was interested in where this story was going since she had a date with Dooley a few years ago that didn't go anywhere. He seemed like a nice guy, but they just didn't have a lot to talk about.

"So we got to his place, and we sat down and opened up a few Coronas. I didn't really drink any beer though, since I don't like the taste of it. I just thought it would be good to sip. Anyways, Dooley finished his and went to the bathroom. Mike and I went down to the basement, to the laundry room, to see if we could find some bathing suits. Dooley had said that I could borrow his sister's suit."

"Once we were down there, Mike jumped on me!"

Both Alexis and Erika exclaimed "What!?!"

"Well, he didn't jump on me, but he sort of grabbed me and started kissing me. I swear, I hadn't had anything to drink! I wasn't sure what to do, so I just went with it. Anyways, we ended up on the couch down there, and had my shirt off pretty quickly. I wasn't sure what to do, so I unzipped his shorts and thing you know...I had his penis!"

Erika and Alexis were shocked at this point and leaning forward. Alexis couldn't believe that Becky had held a dick in her hand.

"I didn't know what to do...it was awkward since he was licking my tits and I had his dick. I didn't know what to do, so I leaned over and kissed it...and then I licked it. It tastes funny, but tasty....he smelled nice. I think he was in shock...I was in shock...and I had a dick in front of me. They look weird up close! Anyways, I started sucking on it like I've seen in porn, I think I did good."

"So anyways, I was sort of leaning over on the couch, and I noticed that Dooley was standing there watching. I didn't know what to say, so I guess I asked him if he wanted to join. It was an instant, but I realized that as he dropped his shorts that he didn't have any underwear on."

"I wasn't sure what would happen then, but Dooley walked over and started fumbling through a drawer. I kept sucking on Mike's dick, and he just seemed to go into a zone. Anyways, the next thing I knew I felt Dooley lifting up my skirt and pulling my panties down. He had put on a condom, because I remember seeing it covered. Well, he tried anyways, but they were to the side, and I felt him put his finger in me. It hurt a bit, but I was still trying to suck on Mike's cock." 

"The next thing I know, Dooley took me from behind. I mean I felt him against me and it felt soooo good, and then I felt him slide in me and start fucking me. I think this is when Mike started cumming, because I was pushed onto Mike's dick. I couldn't stop swallowing. Dooley kept fucking me...slamming me... for another 10 seconds before I could feel him cum inside me, with the condom of course, but I could feel him cum."

There was an uncomfortable silence in the room as Becky finished her story. Alexis licked her lips, and caught herself, as she was thinking about dick. Not a specific dick, but just dick in general. 

Alexis was the first to speak, "Wow, that's so awesome...it sounds like you had fun. What happened afer that?"

Becky said, "well, I didn't bother going for a swim or anything, and I just washed up and went home. I never thought my first time would be with two guys...at once."

Erika laughed and said "well, neither did we! Welcome to the club Becky...now if Alexis just fucked Joe! And you've sucked dick now too...sooo jealous!" Erika's competitive streak was showing.

Becky started describing the details then, about how Mike's dick seemed bigger than Dooleys and how her forehead kept hitting Mike's stomach. All of this talk had made Alexis very wet. She clenched her jaws and felt her face flush. She found herself thinking about Joe's dark skin and what lay underneath his shorts. Her mouth was a bit dry and she felt her hands start tingling.

Suddenly her phone rang. Alexis looked at the caller ID and saw that it was Joe on the line.

"Shhhhh! It's Joe! Hold on a sec..." Alexis stood up and walked into the next room to talk. 

"Hey, hows it going?" 

"Good, you?"

"Good. Look, I was wondering if I could come over...I want to see you"

Alexis thought for a second and realized that her place was out of the question since her parents were there. She only had one option, to invite her over to Erika's house. But what about the other girls? Either way, it would be good to see Joe, even if it was just for few minutes with the other two around.

"Sure, we're just hanging out Joe, it'd be great to see you!"

"Great, I'll be there in...uh...15?"

"Sounds good! See you soon baby!"

Alexis went in the other room and let the other girls know that Joe was stopping by.

"Oh my god Alexis! We should leave you two alone!" It was Erika who screamed this. Becky seemed engrossed in filing her nails and didn't say anything when Erika started teasing. 

The doorbell rang after an unbearable wait for Alexis, and it was Alexis that jumped up to let Joe in. All three girls were beaming at the sight of Joe. 

"Hey Joe!" screamed Erika. Alexis was happy, but sort of frightened to bring Joe into the room with Erika and Becky. Most of all, she was afraid that Erika would do something to embarrass her.

"Hey Girls...Hi Alexis!"

The girls welcomed him inside. He was wearing a tight graphic t-shirt with Adidas track pants and matching shoes. Joe's head was shaved close to the skin. All three girls appreciated his football physique at once. Joe felt their eyes on him and he tensed up his core just in case.

"So what are you girls up to?"

Erika jumped in and said "We were waiting for you!" 

Alexis retorted with "Oh shut up Erika...we're not doing much, just sitting around."

"Why don't you come inside, maybe we can all watch a movie or something on Netflix?"

Becky and Joe agreed and they walked into the living room. There were two couches, a brown leather loveseat and a grey microfiber three seater, with an oversized wood coffee table in the living room. 

Erika explained that her parents were out of town and were expected back on Wednesday. 

Joe dropped his backpack and plunked himself down on the leather couch and Alexis nearly ran to claim her seat next to him. Erika grabbed the remote controls and started flipping through Netflix. 

"Action?" "Nah" "Drama?" "Nah" "Comedy" "Meh..."

In the end they decided on a raunchy teen comedy. The movie got started. Alexis grabbed a red wool throw that was on the back of the couch and covered herself and Joe. Erika and Becky had grabbed the microfiber couch and were getting comfy. 

It wasn't long until Alexis found Joe's hand under the throw. Joe's hands were big and soft, almost as if he put lotion on them daily. Their hands were resting on his thigh. 

About 15 minutes in, a nude scene had one of the actresses dancing around in her turquoise blue panties and no top. The actresses' tits were spectacular, and reminded Alexis of Becky's tits with her quarter-sized pink areola against a redhead's skin. Her hand felt some movement, and she realized that Joe was getting an erection and was trying to move her hand off of his lap. Alexis wasn't going to let that happen.

Perhaps surprising herself, she moved her hand so it lay open palm on Joe's growing member. Joe stiffened his back in that instant. Both Erika and Becky perceived the change in atmosphere on the other couch, though they didn't know what was going on. Alexis gave it a few minutes before she started slowly, subtly, and slightly flexing her hand around Joe's thick cock. 

Alexis thought to herself that she was so turned on that she hadn't taken a breath in minutes. She forced herself to breath, and imagined her hand to be a butterfly fluttering above a thick branch. Neither Alexis or Joe were watching the movie at this point. Again surprising herself, she shifted her weight so that she was leaning more against Joe. This shift gave her the opportunity to move her hand, and she was able to tuck it into the top of Joe's sweatpants. 

She realized that Joe wasn't wearing any underwear, and that the top third of his cock was in her hand. Joe's precum was in her palm, and she could feel it dripping down his erect member. She slowly started moving her hands up and down, careful not to attract the attention of the girls on the other couch. She relished the feeling of his dick in the palm of her hand.

It wouldn't have mattered anyways, since Erika and Becky had exchanged a few knowing glances. They knew what was going on. It was at this point that Becky's phone started ringing.

"Hello? Yes. Yes. OK, be right there..." 

After hanging up the phone, Becky said "I'm sorry guys! That was my brother. I have to run an errand...I may or may not be back." Erika replied "What? Come back afterwards!" Erika definitely did not want to be the third wheel for the rest of the night. After Becky got out the door, Erika excused herself to go to the bathroom.

Becky's phone call had frozen Alexis and Joe. Alexis removed her slippery hands from Joe's pants. She wiped them down on Joe's sweatpants under the wool blanket. After Becky had left, and the instant Erika had left the room, Joe grabbed Alexis by the shoulders and planted his lips on hers. Their tongues quickly found each other.

Alexis felt her nipples stiffening up, and she could smell Joe's cologne and scent. She took a deep breath to take it all in, closed her eyes and let Joe take over her senses. She felt him rotating her so that she was on top. Both had forgotten about Erika, and neither cared.

Alexis could feel Joe's cock on her inner thigh. She was wearing a mid-length skirt today without pantyhose. She slowly sat down on Joe's lap and for a second she worried that her soaking wet panties would leave a mark on his crotch. Slowly she started grinding into Joe as she bit his lip and traded tongues. Joe's hands started wandering up and snuck in under her shirt, she felt them on her ribs and then moving up her back. 

Joe shifted his weight and managed to free the tip of his cock, which found itself against Alexis' silk panties. Both Alexis and Joe felt like their hearts would explode. It was at this moment that they both simultaneously became aware of Erika's presence. She was standing in the doorway, about eight feet away, and was watching the action with her mouth partly open.

Alexis heard the words but couldn't remember if she said them or if it was Joe. Perhaps it was the story from earlier, or the nude scenes in the movie, but somehow those words escaped her lips. Or Joe said them. She would never remember that part.

"You can join us, if you want."

Erika was shocked, and time seemed to stop. Erika walked in slow motion a few steps to the couch and sat down next to Joe and Alexis. She put her hands on the small of Alexis' back and leaned in for a kiss from Joe. Joe leaned over and tentatively gave Erika a peck. Erika accepted the kiss, and then pushed her way slowly into a deeper kiss. She shuffled her way closer, tilted her head, and gave Joe another deep kiss. 

Erika's perfume was slightly floral, and Alexis made a mental note to ask her what it was while she watched Erika give Joe another kiss. After what seemed like an eon, Erika broke off and turned toward Alexis. Partly for Joe's enjoyment, and partly to show Erika she was welcome, Alexis went in for a kiss. Alexis didn't find it as weird as she thought she would.

Joe lifted his hips off the leather couch and started grinding his erect cock into Alexis. He was enjoying the view. He could feel the heat and sticky wetness through Alexis' panties. Joe slowly moved his left hand onto bare skin under Alexis' top. He brought his right hand around to the right and landed on her hips, which were covered in denim. He pulled Erika in closer.

The three traded kisses for the next few minutes, and Joe's hands started wandering up into Erika's shirt. Alexis backed off a bit, and her skirt was starting to ride high, exposing her pink panties and thighs which were spotted with freckles. She slid off of Joe's lap and carefully stood up. Kneeling on the ground, she gently tugged on his track pants and pulled them down to his ankles.

Both Alexis and Erika ogled at Joe's massive and thick dick. His solid member stood at attention against his rippled six-pack stomach, and his dark skin on his lower abdomen was just a bit shiny from the pre-cum. Erika and Alexis quickly undressed, freeing their tits from their bras. Erika's size C breasts were perfectly shaped literally like melons that fit her petite 5'2" frame. She had two small scars under either boob from her breast reduction surgery.

Erika was the first ot break the silence. "Why don't you take a closer look at his dick Alexis." "Mmm...ok!" Joe was obviously nervous but held his silence. He was transfixed by the big boobs that were now within grasp.

Truthfully, Alexis was a bit scared. Joe's penis was in her approximation about 9" long, and thick. He had veins that were visible and he was at full attention. Erika sat down next to Joe again and grabbed his penis at the base. "See? Get closer...nothing to be afraid of!"

Alexis slowly reached in and put her hand over Erika's hand and slowly lowered herself onto the floor. She took a few deep breaths and exhaled warm air onto Joe, causing him to slightly arch his hips. Licking her lips, she tentatively licked the tip of his penis, which immediately gave her the salty taste of pre-cum, reminding her of fresh oysters. "Mmm, that tastes...nice."

Again she tentatively took another lick, and then opened wide to swallow the head of Joe's penis. Joe was speechless, ogling both ladies, and trying to relax as his heartbeat spiked. 

"That's the way to go Alexis! Now go deeper!" Erika spoke and then leaned up to kiss Joe. Alexis took another deep breath and started to suck and then lick Joe's penis. She started getting the hang of it, and tried to go a bit lower. Joe's penis felt like it was growing, and Alexis couldn't imagine it getting any bigger. She already had her jaw open as wide as it could go. 

Alexis balanced herself, right hand on Joe's penis and left hand on Erika's thighs. Erika had grabbed Joe's hands and guided them to her crotch. Joe was rubbing her gently with his right hand, and Erika seemed to be enjoying herself. Alexis felt herself flush, and realized that her pussy was beginning to drip slowly down her inner thigh.
