 So our final football game of the season is tomorrow and it's a game we have to win to advance to the play-offs. My name is Karen and I'm the head cheerleader for our football team, even though I can't play on the field to help win the game we'll see what I can do off the field to help our cause. I have this great idea to help our chances to win, I just need a little help from my sister and we need to go to the school we're facing tomorrow and talk to some members of there football team. My sisters name is Alice and she's also on my cheerleading squad. She's a year younger than me at 18 but we're in the same grade as I started school a year late. We're both blondes, but I feel I'm better looking of us both. I'm about four inches taller and have bigger breasts than her with my D cup, her tits are more perkier but mine are more of the handful. We both look very much alike with brown eyes and we're very sexy and pretty. Her only better asset is her ass, it's bigger than mine and fits her form perfectly and we both have great legs. So I tell her we need to do something to help our team win tomorrow and will go as far as we need to, to have the other team throw the game. We need them to throw the game because we know that our team has no chance of beating them for it seems their players are bread for football or something, they are outstanding last time we played them they blew us out. 

So after school Alice and me went to the other teams high school in our cheerleading outfits because we know we look outstanding in them. Our uniform colors are purple and gold so we have purple tops and super short yellow skirts complete with our purple knee high socks and white tennis shoes. We decide to look for some of the players from the football team and figure we'd find them around the gym somewhere. So we walk over towards the gym and what do you know we run right into their star QB Brad.

"Uhmm aren't you two at the wrong school?", he asks casually as we walk over to him.

"Ya we definitely are, your school sucks", I respond jokingly.

"What are you two doing here anyways?"

"Well we came here to see if there was anything we could do to better our teams chances of winning tomorrow nights game against you guys."

"Hah! What do you care anyways? I thought you were just in it for the cheerleading aspect?"

"We care because if our team wins tomorrow night we go to the play-offs. Our school hasn't done that in twenty years, and plus all of the staff will be in a better mood", says Alice.

"Ya, your school also hasn't beaten us in twenty years either", he says laughing.

"Which is why tomorrow night would be the perfect time for your winning streak against us to end", I say giving him an evil grin.

"Look if you two are asking me to throw the game I can't do that..... Not unless there's something in it for me, and it better be something really good."

Alice puts her arm on his shoulder leaning on him slightly. "Brad we'll do anything for you to throw the game for us tomorrow", she says.

"Well even if I wanted to throw the game for you two, it's not something just I can do. That's something the whole teams gonna have to be a part of."

"So how are you gonna convince your whole team to throw the game?", I ask.

"I'm not going to convince them to, thats your job. You guys are gonna have to convince them in some way, but don't get your hopes up they're like a brick wall, just ask your football team!", he says laughing hysterically at himself.

"We'll get through to them and you, just watch", says my sister aggresively.

"Well whatever then give it a shot, if you want to talk to them come with me I know where they all are right now", he says as he starts walking down the hall. Me and my sister follow closely behind him I look over at her and she shoots me an evil grin as I return the same look. He eventually leads us to the boys locker room. "They're all in here if you want to talk to them you'll have to go in there they won't all come out here to talk about this, and don't worry we won't tell anybody", he says with a wink opening the door walking in. 

We follow behind him as the door swings shut behind us. We are amazed as we see the whole football team in here in various states of undress, we were suprised to even see a couple completely naked must've just got out of the shower or something. Our eyes widen as we realize everyone has stopped what they're doing and stares at us with there mouths wide open.

"Boys listen up" yells Brad speaking loudly to get everyones attention, "these sexy ladies from our opponents school tomorrow are here and have something they'd like to ask all of you." Turning to us he says, "so what was it you two had to ask us?".

I go to speak but to my surprise Alice takes the initiative and speaks up first. "We want you guys to blow the game for us tomorrow".

"Blow the game?", says a big black guy from the back. "Why would we do that?", he asks making his way up closer to us.

"Look you guys have beaten us for the past twenty years, you can't just blow this one game for us?", I ask innocently giving them a sly grin.

Another teammate speaking up says, "You two hot cheerleaders will have to do something pretty incredible for us all to be in on blowing the game for you". He says as the team starts moving closer sort of forming a circle around us.

Alice stepping closer to the team says with a sexy grin, "We'll do anything for you guys, anything it takes so our team whoops your asses tomorrows game."

"Anything eh?", says a voice from the front.

"Anything....", Alice says looking right at them coming over to me standing next to me as we stand their in a sexy pose as they ponder what we could do for them.

"Well I have an idea", says the big black guy with a big grin on his face. "Team huddle", he announces loudly. They all form in a close circle as I hear whispering going on from within. Me and Alice looking at each other, not knowing what we've gotten ourselves into. They break the huddle and without saying anything they all start stripping off their pants revealing their big cocks to us. They walk towards us, their hardening cocks bouncing in front of them they form a circle around us. Me and Alice looking at each other in shock not knowing what to do. They start stroking their dicks as they surround us.

"Take your tops off, lets see those titties of yours", says one of them. Not knowing what to do I look over to Alice and to my surprise I see her remove her top tossing it to the floor. She then removes her sports bra tossing it aside as her tits are exposed to the team. I decide since this is what they want, I might as well go with it I've never been gangbanged before but I have a feeling this is where this is going. So I take off my top and remove my bra, my tits bouncing slightly as me and my sister are now topless surrounded by a bunch of horny football players.

I then feel hands on my shoulders pushing me to my knees and I see as Alice does the same as we're back to back on our knees topless as the team moves closer and then before I know it all I see is cock as one gets shoved in my mouth. Sucking on it I reach up with both hands and start stroking whatever cocks I can as I continue sucking as it gets pulled out replaced with another as I suck away. I feel hands on my titties playing with my nipples as I suck and stroke these hard cocks. I shove dick after dick in my mouth giving each sloppy blow jobs as drool comes from my mouth dripping down my chin onto my titties. 

I'm suddenly pulled up quickly as I feel hands removing my skirt next removing my panties as I'm placed on my back at the edge of a bench. I feel my legs being spread being held up by two players as one guy gets between them on his knees and starts eating my aroused pussy. As he licks my wet cunt I then have more guys surrounding my face as they take turns shoving their dicks in my mouth as I greedily suck on them. Feeling hands pinching and pulling my nipples as my pussy continues to get some tongue action. All of a sudden the tongue leaves and I feel a nice hard cock entering my wet pussy. He slides right in as I'm so wet from all this naughty attention. He starts fucking me fast and hard as I continue sucking whatever cock is placed on my lips and stroke whatever cocks I can reach out to. I hear all the guys around me moaning loudly as I also hear my sister Alice moaning loudly. I almost forget I was in this with her as I look over and see as she rides a hard cock and 2 guys are to either side of her as she alternates sucking their cocks, moaning loudly when her mouth isn't filled with cock.

Two guys start rubbing their wet dickheads all over my cheeks as I'm being fucked hard I stick out my tongue trying to taste as they rub them all over my face. I moan loudly as the cock in my pussy fucks me fast and hard. He suddenly pulls out and is replaced by another cock. I look up and notice it's a black cock fucking me fast and hard. This is my first black cock I've ever had, if you knew me you would know I'm not to fond of black people. But we needed to do this for our team, so I let him continue fucking me. Then one guy steps over me and straddles my chest placing his hard cock between my bouncing titties as I grab them and wrap them around his cock. He starts titty fucking me.

I look over to Alice as I see her get pulled off the cock shes riding as they push her over towards my bench. The cocks surrounding my face are suddenly gone as I look up and see her placed right above me leaning over letting her hands hold her up as she gets a hard cock from behind.

"Uhhhhhh mmmmmm FUCK YEA!!! mmmmm fuck my wet pussy", she moans as I look up at her seeing the fire in her eyes. As we both get fucked hard me staring up at her as she looks down at me. I decide we should be real dirty for these guys so they don't hesitate to blow the game tomorrow. So I lean up and kiss my sister on her moaning lips, as she pleasantly kisses me back making out with me as we get fucked hard. She breaks the kiss and leans down farther taking a nipple in her mouth, sucking my titties.

"Oooohhh ya that's right, two little slut sisters", says one guy. "Ya suck your sisters big tits", says another as their dirty talk encourages Alice more as she lewdly sucks my hard nipples for the crowd. I hold them up for her as she sucks them in, alternating between them. All of a sudden I see two cocks on either side of me as I take one in my mouth, stroking the other. Alice stops sucking my tits as I look up at her and she too has two cocks on either side of her as she sucks and strokes them. The guys in our pussies pull out and are replaced by different cocks as we continue fucking obscenely in their locker room.

Suddenly they pull out all at once and Alice is pulled off me standing as they hold her hands behind her back one says, "Now it's time to fuck those pretty little assholes of yours", says a tall black guy. "Get on your hands and knees slut", he says to Alice as he points to the floor. Alice does as told sticking her ass out high in the air. This would be my first time taking it anally but I guess it isn't Alice's first as it almost looks as if she begging for it. The tall black guy gets behind Alice his cock big and hard he pours what looks to be lube on her asshole and works it over with his hard dickhead. He pushes forth, his large cock popping into my sisters tight asshole as he continues to slide it in slowly. Sliding his cock in back and forth slowly picking up the pace with each thrust and each inch.

I'm brought back to my own world as I'm suddenly lifted and I see another black guy laying down on the bench where I was. He places some lube in his palm and starts stroking his hard cock, working it in. Then my asshole is placed slowly onto his cock as I feel it slowly working it's way in. My asshole stretching for his girth as he takes a hold of my hips and starts moving me up and down sliding his hard dick in and out of my tight asshole. He finally works his long hard cock all the way in I move my hips up and down sliding his cock in and out of my ass.Suddenly before me I feel another cock at my pussy pushing it's way in as they start double fucking me. I feel so full as I have cocks in both my holes. I look over to Alice as I moan loud to see she's getting the same treatment as they double fuck her hard. 

All of a sudden the team splits up and half encircle me and the other half encircle Alice. All I can see is cock as I feel them trying to shove two in my mouth at the same time as I reach up and start stroking whatever I can reach. My moans being muffled by the constant cock going in and out of my mouth. The cock is pulled from my pussy and replaced with another. I hear Alice moaning loudly as I along with her moan loud. With a cock in each of my holes fucking me hard. The whole team starts taking turns on the both of us. Every little while one would pull out and be replaced with another. I must've been sucking dicks after they were in my sisters holes and she must've been doing the same with me there was so much cock I just couldn't keep track. One thing I noticed though was not one of them came yet, I'm wondering where all the cum is and then I get my question answered.

Suddenly all the cocks are pulled from my holes and I'm left feeling so empty as I look over to Alice and see they all pulled out of her. Then I feel hands grabbing my arms and placing me on the floor in a kneeling position as I feel Alice right behind me facing the other way in the same position. The circle jerk begins as we are once again surrounded by cocks being stroked ready to squirt their juice all over us. I open up my mouth licking my lips anticipating the first cumshot. I hear moaning from behind me as it sounds like the first cumshot has been shot on my sisters face as I hear her moaning. Then the two cocks being stroked hard on either side of my face ejaculate at the same time as I have my mouth wide open as I feel there spunk covering my face all over, blast after blast as they finish up and step aside. 

This makes me so horny as I start rubbing my wet pussy. "Mmmmmm give me more!! I want more cum!", I moan as more cum gets shot on my face into my open mouth. I hear Alice behind me moaning loud as they cum all over fer face. I have so much cum on my face it drips down my cheeks onto my tits dripping down to my hard nipples. I can feel cum squirting on my back from the missed shots that were supposed to be on Alice. I feel her behind me too masterbating as our asses bump on each others as we grind our hips. 

"Oh fuck yes, give me more cum! Cum all over my slutty face!", I hear my sister moan loud as we just continue to get covered in more and more jizz. Finally the last guy cums over both our faces as we're left there licking our lips and scooping it into our mouths when one suggests we make out with each other. We've already gone this far what do we have to lose now as we face each other and kiss hard, our tongues exploring the others mouth as we lick up as much cum as we can swapping it in each others mouths.

That was pretty much it once we did that I think everybody was all fucked out as they started to get dressed and Alice and I were lead to the showers. As we wash the cum off our bodies Brad comes over and tells us we did more than enough for them to blow the game tomorrow night. He wasn't lying the next night they went through with their side of the bet and our football team beat them 10-7 In what actually looked to be a close game.