 Mandy was sitting on her beautiful white leather sofa and was deep in conversation with her long time friend Helen, and as usual she was talking about, or rather moaning about, the unsatisfactory state of her sex life. 

"The problem is that Jake just isn't interested anymore, well, not really, anyway – he's too bloody busy trying to earn more fucking money! Yes, I know he performs his duty as they say, but a bog standard shag twice a week just doesn't do it for me, you know?"

Helen knew all right! She'd had the same problem, though in her case it was her husband's ill health that was to blame. "So why don't you do what I did? Get yourself a lover from the online adult dating site I told you about?"

"That's ok for you, you know your way around a computer, and I have enough problems with a bloody calculator!" Mandy shrugged wryly. "But in any case, I daren't in case Jake finds out when he uses the PC, and besides, I don't want to come up with just another ordinary, unimaginative, unadventurous, shagger - I've already got one of them! What I want is to fulfil my fantasies, you know? Do the sort of things that my imagination comes up with and makes my pussy wet thinking about them, but I don't know how to set about it!"

"Well, that's roughly what I did, and online worked for me!" 

"It's ok for you, you've got the confidence and the guts to pull it off, I haven't! Even if I could join that site of yours, how do I know what to ask for?"

"Just put down what you want to do and ask for anyone interested in the same thing! It's anonymous you know. You invent your own online name, so nobody knows who you really are unless you tell them, or unless you put a photo in with your face showing!"

"No, I daren't! And anyway I don't think I dare tell anyone what my latest fantasy is, let alone advertise for help in doing it!" Mandy was suddenly coy!

"I don't care what it is, I bet there are loads of people wanting just the same thing! Try it!" Helen looked hard at Mandy. "Anyway, what is it you fancy doing?"

Mandy looked uncomfortably back at Helen. "I don't think I even dare tell you!"

"I won't be shocked; honestly, you'd be surprised what I've got up to if only you knew!"

"Really! Like what?"

"I'll do you a deal, I'll tell you what I did last Friday, if you tell me what you fancy doing!" Helen knew she's got Mandy hooked. "That site has given me more orgasms than I was having in my twenties! So think what it would do for you"

Mandy hesitated, then; "Ok, I'll tell you after you've told me!"

Helen laughed, "Promise? I don't want to be giving away my secrets for nothing!"

"I promise. So, go on then, what did you do last Friday?" Mandy leaned forward in expectation.

"Well on Friday afternoon I had a threesome with a man and a woman!" Mandy's jaw dropped, but Helen continued. "And on the Wednesday before last I had a man fuck my arse for the first time! I've tried bondage, I've wanked for an audience, and a few other things, so you see, you won't shock me!""

"Fucking hell! Honestly?" When Helen nodded Mandy went on. "Well you've succeeded in shocking me! And I thought I was having kinky thoughts! Did you enjoy them, all those things?"

"Yes, some more than others, but mostly yes. They were the fantasies that I'd had that I wanted to make real, and I'm glad I did. And I've got a couple more to try yet!"

Mandy regarded Helen in a new light. "Ok, I'll tell you what mine is, but bear with me if I tell you how it first came to me!"

Mandy paused, took a deep breath and began. "Well, it was a few weeks ago when Jake and I were having it away with me on top. I leaned forward to kiss him and caught sight of myself in the dressing table mirror. It suddenly occurred to me then how my arse was stuck up in the air, and how easy it would be for someone to stick his cock up it! And the thought of being arse fucked while riding Jake made me come like an express train, to coin a well used phrase!"

"So is that what you want to do? Have anal sex with someone at the same time as screwing Jake?" Helen asked, frowning. "I can't see him going for it, though, can you?"

Mandy shook her head. "No, and anyway that was only the start, 'cos later on I got to thinking about having two cocks in my cunt, instead of one in each hole, though I'm not sure I could take that! And then it occurred to me that I could suck another one and have three cocks at once!"

"Mmmm! Sounds good, maybe I should try that too!"

"Oh, no!" Mandy shook her head again, but this time smiling. "You stick to your own fantasies and leave mine with me! But, anyway, that's not all of it yet! Last week I was having fun with my little rabbit, you know what I mean!" 

Helen nodded happily. "Yep, I got one too!"

"Ok, well you know how they get you going? I was lying back and enjoying it when I started thinking about this idea of three cocks again and I got sort of carried away. In the end I fantasized that I was just lying on a bed when a whole series of men kept coming in one after the other, sometimes on their own and sometimes two or three together, and fucking me in all three holes. Then after that more men came and wanked over me, so that I was covered in spunk, inside and out! None of them ever said a word; they just came in and did it! I'll tell you what, that rabbit might be good, but that fantasy is better! I've never had a climax like I did then; I almost passed out from pleasure! And it's been the same each time I've thought about it, which is every fucking day since! Even talking about it now is getting me horny! So that's my fantasy, and that's what I'd like to do – get gang-banged, whatever you might think of me for it!" Mandy looked defiantly at Helen.

"What do I think? I think good for you! Get yourself online and advertise, there'll be plenty of men who'll be very glad to help you out – and themselves at the same time!"

"But I don't know how!" Mandy's voice rose with frustration. "And anyway, I'd like you to help me, if you will?"

"Me? How?"

"Would you advertise for me and arrange it all, so that all I've got to do is turn up and open my legs! I know that sounds crude, but half the kick was that I didn't know how many men were going to come, or who they were, or what they'd do to me, or anything! Anyway, if you're involved I'll feel safer. With my luck I'd probably arrange to meet a descendant of Jack the Ripper!"

Helen frowned. "Hey, I'm not going to 'vet' them for you, even if I help you organize everything else." It was then she realised she'd already decided to help!

"Yes, I know, but if you're there when it happens, then it's back-up if anything starts getting out of hand!"

"You've been thinking about this, haven't you? You crafty bitch!"

"Well, Yes." Mandy admitted. "But, I really, really, want to try it, and I can't do it by myself! Please set it up for me!"

"Oh, alright then, what are friends for else?" Helen was wearing her 'Now what have I got myself into' face! "So what sort of men do you prefer? Tall, short, dark, fair, slim, what?"

"I don't care, they can be little green men from Mars so long as they've got big cocks! I don't want any kissing, fondling or anything like that, all I want is to be multi-fucked in all orifices and covered in cream! Surprise me, don't tell me how many, just get me some men! But Helen, please don't tell me their names or anything about them, I want to be fucked by strangers! And please don't think badly of me!"

"Okay, I understand and I don't! I'll just tell you when it's arranged"

"Good, I like the idea of not knowing what's coming! But you can tell me what it's like to have it in the arse! Is it nice? I can't wait for it to happen to me! And since when were you into women, or masturbating in public, or being tied up – or did you do the tying?" The questions that Mandy was dying to ask came tumbling out now that her own problem was solved.

Helen smiled knowingly and touched the side of her nose with her finger! "About the first bit - find out for yourself, and about the rest – well, that's for me to know!"

.................................

Three weeks later Helen was back on Mandy's sofa with a progress report.

"Ok, now here's what I've got sorted out for you."

"No don't tell me, I don't want to know!" Mandy raised her hand in a 'stop' sign.

"Oh, Ok. Then let me just say that if you turn up at my house a week next Tuesday at 7.30pm, you'll get well fucked!"

Mandy thrust out her lower lip in a mock sulk. "You can tell me a bit more than that, just to give my imagination something to work on until then!"

"Ok, well I've 'recruited' as many men as I think you're likely to be able to cope with, being an old woman in her forties and all, and I've gone for younger men 'cos they're likely to be able to repeat if need be. I'll be there to keep an eye on you and act as 'doorman'. I've told them what you want and they've all agreed to play along. You'll get everything you've asked for and maybe more. And I won't play any part except for any organising that might need doing, though I might strip off to help keep the guys interested!"

"Oh, Helen, it sounds wonderful, I can't wait! But I bet you do get involved you randy sod, you won't be able to resist!"

"No, I won't, if I fancy a gang-bang I know how to arrange my own now, don't I? But I'll tell you something else I discovered, if you like!" Helen giggled.

"Go on?"

"Just how many young men fancy screwing an older woman!"

"You cheeky bitch, I'm only forty-one, and that's about ten years younger than you are, grandma!" Mandy replied indignantly, laughing!

"Nine years actually! But I'm slimmer than you!"

"Ok, I'll give you that!" Mandy was a little more buxom than Helen, but neither woman could be remotely described as fat and both turned heads on the street!

"Ok, now what?" Asked Mandy

"Nothing!" Replied Helen, "Just be here a week on Tuesday at about 7.30pm! And be prepared to get well fucked!"

"I can't wait!"

..............................

At 7.30 on the dot Mandy burst through Helen's door, her eyes shining in anticipation. "Ok, Helen, wheel 'em in, let me get fucked!

"And hello to you too, yes it is nice to see you, and won't you come in?" 

Helen's sarcasm was not to be taken serious, as Mandy well knew. "Sorry, Helen, but I'm a bit keyed up, I've been counting the hours! I'm so fucking wet I nearly swam here!"

"I don't need to ask if you've thought about it, or if you're still up for it then, do I?"

"No, - wheel 'em in!"

"Are you sure you wouldn't like a coffee and a sit down first, - just to save your energy?" Helen was teasing her horny friend now, and they both knew it.

"Not fucking likely, just wheel the buggers in and let me get fucked!"

"I don't quite know how to put this, Mandy, but my kitchen table is not the best place to be gang-banged, it's a bit hard and the crockery gets in the way, you know, especially when I've gone to all the trouble of setting out a nice comfortable bedroom for you! So do you think you can try and stem your impatience at least long enough to look at where it's all intended to happen? And in any case, they aren't here yet!"

"Oh, ok then, lead on, but I tell you, once I set foot in that bedroom I ain't coming out till they've come and gone, and I've gone and cum!"

"Very lady-like, that! Ok, come on then!" Helen led the way upstairs and into a large guest bedroom and ushered Mandy in first. Mandy stopped just inside the door and looked around in wonder! The only lighting was a soft spotlight illuminating a divan bed standing in the middle of the room. The bed had a black fitted sheet, but no duvet, pillows or headboard. A little to each side was a bedside cabinet, on one of which was a stack of towels, while the other had a couple of boxes of tissues and a tube of lubricating gel! Around the room were a number of chairs, almost hidden in the darkness.

"God, what a sexy boudoir!" Exclaimed Mandy "This is going to be good, if I can't have fun here there's no hope for me! Thanks Helen!"

"Shall we go back downstairs for a while or do you want to stay here and dream?" 

"There's no way I'm leaving this room until I'm totally knackered, bow-legged, and shagged out! No, thanks, I'm going to strip off, then just lie on the bed and await my fate!"

Helen smiled "Ok, I'll come back in time to see you get your first cock, so enjoy your wait – and keep your fingers out of mischief!" With that she left the Mandy to her thoughts.

Mandy looked around the room again, this time taking in the layout, and realised as she did so that if she lay on the bed with her legs open, the first thing anyone would see as they came through the door, was her cunt! That suited her tarty intentions perfectly and she rapidly shed her clothes, folding them into the bottom of a bedside cabinet, and lay back on the bed, legs akimbo, pussy soaking, and heart pounding! 

She did not have long to wait, but to Mandy it seemed like hours before Helen, naked and silent, opened the door to admit her first lover, and her gang-bang was underway!

Silhouetted in the doorway he was just a tall well built male, but as he came forward the light revealed a young, fair haired, man in his early twenties, with one of the biggest erections that Mandy had ever seen! 'Christ' she thought, 'Where did Helen find that?' The young man reached the bed and, without speaking or pausing, climbed on top of her, reaching down as he did so, and sought to guide his monster into her cunt! At first she could feel it sliding along her slippery cleft, searching for her entrance, but then its tip found the target and the man pushed forward, plunging its full length deep into her wet and waiting cunt, filling her completely and driving the breath from her body in one ecstatic gasp! Nor was she given time to adjust to the size of her invader, for straight away he began to piston in and out of her body with long, hard, rapid strokes, each one pushing her down into the mattress and each one filling her with pleasure. He simply drove into her as fast and hard as he could, no let up, no variation. His thrusts were rough, almost brutal, but they were working their magic, and each one was rapidly taking her closer to her first orgasm of the evening! As her climax grew nearer, then so did that of her partner, his breathing became ragged in her ear, his strokes became more frantic and uncontrolled, and she could feel his penis twitching inside her as its release came closer. Suddenly her lunged forward into her, groaned into her ear, and exploded into her cunt! She felt his cum splash into her, pouring into her cunt in great gouts that spattered against her cervix and triggered her own mind-blowing orgasm as they did so. Her climax was short lived but incredibly fierce. Beginning as a tight knot of pleasure deep within her pelvis, it rolled through her as a tidal wave of ecstasy that broke within her brain and flooded her entire being with pleasure, leaving her body sweating and her limbs trembling. 

Somewhere in the depths of her mind she was aware that, even as she clung to her partner crying out in delight and trying to milk every last drop of his fluids, Helen was re-entering the room, bringing with her another young man to replace the one still spending himself within her! Then she knew for sure! She really was going to be - as she had mentally called it - 'subjected to a serial fucking'! Her fantasy really was becoming reality, and inwardly she smiled!

Finally, his cock emptied and softening, her partner rolled away, climbing onto unsteady feet and making his way towards the nearest chair. Whether he reached it Mandy knew not, for no sooner had his body cleared the bed than the new one took his place and, even before her own orgasm had fully subsided, a new penis was seeking demanding entry. Not that her new lover had any difficulty, Mandy's cunt was gaping from the fucking it had just received, and absolutely dripping with the combined lubrication of female juices and male cum. His cock simply slid home.

This man was not so magically endowed as her first lover, but he was by no means small and, as soon as he entered her, she could tell that he knew how to use it. The differences between the two men were instantly obvious and she knew that instead of another short but frenzied coupling, this fuck would be longer, more measured, and potentially much more intense! In fact, rather than immediately trying to batter her cunt into submission, he remained absolutely still for a few moments as if absorbing the sensation of being deep inside her, allowing Mandy, in turn, to soak up the distinctive feel of a second cock in a cum filled cunt! Then, when he did slowly begin to drive into her, it was with long, strong, strokes that buried him to the hilt before he withdrew it until almost nothing except the very remained between her pussy lips. He maintained this deliberate thrusting even when he began to increase the pace, and he did that just a little at a time until he was eventually fucking her hard and fast, but still in the same purposeful manner, as if determined to wring every last sensation from their union.

To Mandy this was heaven! Her wet cunt was becoming even wetter, and even as she became conscious that a second orgasm might be on its way, the door opened again and in came Helen again, bringing not one, but two, more men for her pleasure, and to top it off, one of the men was black! She had often thought about sex with a black man, and their legendary equipment - a legend she could see had basis in fact - and now her chance had come. The two men gently played with themselves as they stood watching Mandy being serviced and Mandy gazed back, knowing that the two beautiful cocks in front of her would soon be buried inside her, and she felt that orgasm building! Meanwhile Helen, having left the room, now returned leading yet another man into the room. This man was rather short, only about 5'3", but he had the sort of stocky build that often goes with strength and stamina. 'God' thought Mandy, 'Men are actually queuing to fuck me'! That thought was enough to tip her over the edge into orgasm, a sudden shattering climax that had her thrashing and bucking against her current lover and calling out for him to fuck her harder! That, in turn, did it for him and Mandy felt hot sperm flood into her for the second time that evening. Even as he came inside her, he never missed a beat, but now every thrust that slammed into her ended with another spurt of his semen pouring into her depths. Eventually they both shuddered to the end of their respective climaxes and then lay quietly together for a just a few seconds, holding each other and absorbing, just as they had at the beginning, the simple pleasure of sex. Then, he also rolled from her and stumbled from the bed without a word.

Having despatched her second young lover to the seating, Mandy looked up at a beaming Helen and smiled her thanks – a smile that became broader when the black man started to come towards her! To her surprise though, he did not climb between her legs but lay on the bed alongside her, holding his very large and very hard erection pointing skywards. "Sit on it," he instructed her and she willingly scrambled to obey! Straddling his beautiful and heavily muscled torso Mandy slowly lowered herself until she felt the tip of his black rod against the entrance to her cunt! "Dead on target" she giggled, and sank down gratefully, its length and girth stretching her cunt almost as much as the first one. As soon as she had adjusted to its size Mandy began to experimentally raise and lower herself on it, revelling in the knowledge of her first black penis. Sliding up and down on a hard black pole made slippery by her dripping cunt, Mandy closed her eyes and allowed herself to enjoy the amazing sensation and the heart pounding knowledge that another fantasy was fulfilled! Not that she was allowed that luxury for long. Almost immediately someone grabbed her by the hair and pulled her head forwards and down, apparently trying to pull her away. Her instinctive reaction was to pull back and sit down hard to guarantee her impalement, but she needn't have worried! The interruption was the smaller of the two other men, who had gone around to her front unseen and was attempting to guide her mouth – rather forcefully - onto his cock. But she didn't need forcing! This was, after all, a part of her fantasy and she eagerly took his penis into her mouth and began sucking it greedily!
