 All through high school in Phoenix, Susan was my buddy. We were on the swim team together; we had many of the same interests; we worked on the yearbook together and the high school newspaper. She had almost broken my back with her short, stout, muscular body a dozen times when she straddled my shoulders and we played chicken with other couples in the pool. She could be bent back into the water and then raise up, oblivious to how her weight and the water was trying to snap me in half. We were teenage, opposite-sex friends in the best, most wholesome ways. She did not date but listened to my dating woes.

Business had been good to me after college. Just twelve years after high school, I was an upper level administrative manager at a large electronics company. I was transferred in, to run a large group of mostly females and resolve some manual to computer accounting conversions. There was Susan, a respected accounting clerk, just half an open bay away, not in my department, still single and as strong and sexy as ever. I recognized her instantly. I noticed her looking at me a few times, trying to place me. I grew after high school. I am four inches taller; I'm not a geek anymore; laser radial keratotomy surgery got rid of my thick glasses; I dress in suits now; my hair is short now: my complexion cleared up; and I exude confidence now. Most confusing of all, I was no longer "Jimbo," now I was William Haroldson.

She brought her lunch and often ate alone or in a small group. She was startled when I left my lunch partners waiting while I walked over to her. "Susan? Are you Susan Batton from Deer Valley High?"

Her eyes were still trying to place me, "Yes, I'm Susan."

"You probably don't remember your old swim team member from so many years ago. You called me "Jimbo" back then and we spent a lot of time working on school projects."

She extended her hand courteously but her mind was trying to process all the change she saw before her.

"Susan, I would really enjoy having lunch with you and catching up for old time's sake. Please, send me a company email and tell me, if you will go to lunch with me one day. I want to hear all about what you have been doing for the last twelve years."

She was too stunned to respond and I had to rush off, but she did send me an email the next day, expressing her surprise and agreeing to lunch with a day's notice so she would not bring hers from home.

We swapped a few emails. In her second, she wrote, "Been pretty down for a few months. My girlfriend of three years and I broke up." That explained a lot. It was not the reason that I had canceled our lunch date twice, however.

I sent her an email, "You have been very understanding; I owe you. Bring a friend if you want on Saturday about seven, we'll visit inside until it cools-off and then cook out by the apartment pool. We'll swim -- only if you want to get beat in a race or two - and do some serious catching up. I promise, under no circumstances, will I cancel."

Susan and her friend, Ellen, were right on time. Each had a bundle with a towel and swim suits. They toured the large apartment and marveled at its furnishings.

"I wish I could take credit for everything. I think my place is just as nice but this is a company supplied apartment and it comes with all the trimmings. I'm on a two year contract, so I did not have to move anything from New York."

Ellen spoke up, "I work in the building over from you and Susan. We have all wondered who the young whiz kid was that they were bringing in to fix the computer mess."

"Why do you say, "Young?" The entire electronics industry is young."

"Have you looked at our execs? Not one is under 50."

"Now that you mention it, I did notice that we're the exception."

"You being young, single, an "ace," well dressed, polished and not too bad to look at, has really got the single women buzzing."

"I think that was a compliment. For that I thank you, but you should ask Susan, in private, what I looked and acted like in high school."

Susan snickered and I added, "I would like it if you did not laugh and agree so readily. How about shrimp, fruit and vegetable grilled Shish kabobs on rice for the main course, served with a nice Chardonnay?"

It was still too hot, even in the shade, to go outside. We had a few munchies and champagne to loosen our tongues. Conversation was civilized and predictable for an hour. When I opened our second bottle, Ellen seemed to have had a couple of drinks before arriving and seemed to be on an assigned fact finding mission.

"So, Will, you ever been married?"

"No, work too much and too serious. I can keep a lady interested for a few months but then she wants more time than I have been able to give. At that point, she runs away to find a more fun and politically correct man. Why do you ask?"

"Lots of the girls are sizing up the new guy."

"It's not me they're interested in, they like the power. I hear it is an aphrodisiac. Still, I can use all the help I can get. The ones I pick, seem to be taken, more preoccupied with work than me, into women, have five kids already or they're drug addicts."

Susan had been quiet since she had arrived. Now she offered, "Maybe you are doing something wrong."

"Like what?"

"You know, things, like kissing, being interested in them and taking your time."

"Well, I know that I am interested in them and take my time pleasing them. Which one of you is the best kisser?"

Ellen was anxious to answer, "I am."

"No argument from you Susan?"

"She is pretty good."

"Okay, Ellen, maybe you can give me some pointers and evaluate my talent."

"I'll have to think about that."

"Do you only kiss other females?"

"No, I'm bi. I've had relationships with both men and women."

"Well you think about giving me some lessons, while we move this show onto the patio, fire up the gas grill and start dinner. Will you both change into your bathing suits and then get the cellophane covered trays out of the fridge, while I move our drinks outside?"

I took off my shoes and socks. Stripped off my slacks and shirt and then donned a nice white open front pool shirt to go over the blue swim trunks I had on under my slacks. The women were taking their time; I was relaxed and waiting in the twilight when my two guests maneuvered through the sliding doors onto the private patio facing the pool.

Susan was flushed and Ellen's eyes twinkled. Ellen's suit was fitted perfectly on her tall, model-like thin body. The left leg on Susan's two piece suit was stretched and wet. It was time, Susan and Ellen got to know my adult, off-work side.

"Ellen, you practiced kissing without me. How can I learn, unless you show me? Tell me, does she taste as good as she looks?"

Susan wanted to melt into the wall. Ellen did not answer.

"Well, give me my first lesson and let me taste her too."

Ellen surprised me. She did not hesitate. She strode over to hover over me, leaned down and kissed me softly. When she encountered softness and no resistance, she opened her mouth slightly and I matched her.

"Please, don't move. Her wetness has dried on your lips and I need to gather more to taste her."

I licked at Ellen's lips and teased inside her mouth with my tongue. I felt her body tense as she was about to swallow to control the saliva in her lovely mouth. Softly, I caressed her hair and the side of her face.

"Don't you dare swallow and take away the taste of the two of you mixed together. Kiss me again. Let me suck your tongue and have your wetness delight my taste buds."

Through most of our long wet kiss, she did not breathe. I did not impede her inhale but when she exhaled, I sucked the air from her lungs while we kissed. When she inhaled again, I gave her only a hint of my breath to live on. Gently, I moved my hands from her. Ellen's eyes were closed when she stood.

As we parted she added, "You don't need kissing lessons."

"You may be trying to make the host feel good. How do I know, if you are telling me the truth?"

Ellen leaned back down for another kiss. Just before our lips touched she said, "Figure that out for yourself."

Her kiss was hot, aggressive, wide mouthed and her tongue was long. Her bikini bottoms untied easily and her legs parted before my hand made it to her glistening slit. My middle finger went in so easily, pressed into her magic spot and slid to the hilt that I pulled it out, added a second finger and followed the same path again. Her little button was standing waiting for my slippery thumb to keep time with my gentle thrust into her g-spot.

In just a couple of minutes, Ellen's belly tightened and her juices flowed to wet her pussy, my hand and her thighs. A tremble went through her and she whispered, "I want it."

"Show me. Take what you want."

Wildly she pulled me up, reached down and stripped my trunks down. My cock slapped against my belly and she caught it on the bounce. Her other hand grasped my shoulder and her body stepped into me, pushing me back into the armless metal chair. She spread her legs wide and took another step to straddle me. I took her control away when she was unable to fight.

"No, Ellen. Turn around and sit on me. Let him slip into her slowly so it drives us both mad."

"I want to............"

My nature began to show its self, "Do what you are told."

Her ass was perfect. It took all my will power not to touch it, as it lowered to slide on my belly while she guided my cock into her almost too wet slit. The upward bend of my cock denied my helmet to her spot. Nothing was touching her clit. Still she enjoyed the slide of my shaft into her, stretching her and bottoming out just when the tiny lips of my cock kissed her cervix.

Susan had slipped off her chair onto her knees and craned her neck so she could see her friend opened, penetrated, stretched and possessed. Her eyes were not blinking, she was panting through her open mouth and her right hand had slipped into her swim suit's bottoms.

"Susan, kneel between your friend's legs and return the favor she gave you."

Ellen's body recoiled. I wrapped my legs around hers, spreading her. I held her arms back, pinning her to my chest so I could watch Susan and kiss Ellen's helpless neck and ears.

Susan looked at me. Her hand paused rubbing her clit.

"Do it Susan. Please your friend and let me watch you."

"But your cock is in her."

"I know that. Kiss her. Make her cum until I tell you to stop."

Ellen was being held and made to cum. She was usually dominate, so she struggled. She tried to close her legs. I had an easy hundred pounds of muscle on her, so I held her spread when Susan's willing mouth closed on her swollen lips and clit. Ellen liked the struggle. Her legs stayed splayed willingly but her arms fought weakly for freedom. I could see Susan's head working to add more movement to her tongue. I could see her shoulder move, telling me that she was molesting her own demanding pussy. I felt her willingly let her tongue slide across my cock as Ellen made sure it was pumped in and out of her sucking sheath.

Ellen's body began to tighten. Inside her, I could feel her womb tremble on my cock. Her sound was more animal than human as she struggled to cum outside on my patio, with a cock in her and a woman sucking her. Her scream was delightful, especially since I knew she thought I would let her go now and I knew I was not going to. Her wetness squished around my dick onto Susan's face and into her mouth. I could feel Susan's lips suck at my shaft when it slipped slightly out and follow it in burying her face into Ellen's delighted clit.

My captive struggled against the sensitive torture that she could not escape. I whispered to her. "Show me you can take it. Push through the pain and cum again with my cock in you and Susan sucking you."

These words inspired both my reluctant ladies. In just minutes, Ellen began to pant and then faint words filled each pant, "Oh, God." "Oh, God." "Oh, God." She repeated this over and over and continued until the words were strained into unintelligible groans. Her body resisted and thrust for more. Her sounds were of complaint and begging for more. She was sitting on me, so I felt the trembles first. Tiny trembles in her feet and legs. Tremors in her pinned resisting arms. Drool running out of the side of her lovely mouth. Her belly tightened and sucked my cock so hard it grew another inch. I used that inch and her next thrust to match her and drive my helmet deeper than before. Susan gasped and I paused when Ellen's scream rattled the patio doors. It took all my strength to restrain her as she struggled against her orgasm. Susan sucked on, enjoying the pain filled pleasure that was flowing out of her friend.

From using all my strength to hang on, to total relaxation, so as not to hurt her, took a tenth of a second. Ellen passed out and slumped forward. Like back in high school, Susan and I just knew how to work together. We lowered the limp body onto a chase lounge. It curled into a fetal position and we covered it with a beach towel.

"Every day in high school, I wanted to see you. I want to see you now." Susan did not resist and I removed first her bottoms and then the top of her bathing suit. Her arms crossed over her breasts. She had been kidded from the ninth grade about them.

"We don't have to do anything. Please let me see you." I opened her arms. She looked down. I told the truth, "They are beautiful, perfectly round and I have never wanted anything as much as I want to kiss your nipples."

Susan still did not look at me. I played with her perfect "B" cones and teased her nipples. She did not try to stop my male touch when I reached down and stroked through her slit. "Have you ever been with a man?"

"No."

"I will not hurt you. May I please you?"

"Yes."

Another lounge loaned us its mat for the concrete patio. Willingly, Susan laid down and spread her legs for me. I knelt between her lovely thighs. "I want to kiss you. Guide me into you as my lips come to yours."

She had taken fingers and dildos from lovers but my cock was thicker than what she had taken. I held my hips up as she worked my helmet between her soaking pussy's lips. My mouth met hers. Never had I been enveloped by more pleasing pheromones. Never had I wanted to please a woman so much. Her hips lifted taking another inch of me. The stretching forced a moan from her and I inhaled it, kissed, offered her my tongue and she sucked it. In time with her, I thrust gently. She caught on and sucked harder. I thrust harder. Another round of such sucking and thrusting and she pulled her lips from mine and said, "Put it all into me. Take me. Stretch me, even if it hurts."

I pulled back so only my helmet was inside her. Her body tightened in fear. Gently, I leaned into her and kissed her, licked her lips and whispered, "You always knew how I felt, didn't you?"

Her body relaxed. Her eyes opened and locked on mine. I thrust hard and she took almost all of me before a sharp cry escaped her lips. I stayed deep in her and waited for her body to open for me. She felt how her female body opened and accommodated my weight and cock. I could see the awe and enjoyment in her eyes. She had done, at least once, what a woman's body was designed to do.

"Yes, Jimbo, I knew how you felt."

"Reach down between us and feel me going inside you."

I thrust gently so my shaft could slide between her spread fingers. Her body and mind were learning fast. She marveled at how her small body could absorb my thrust.

"I am not on the pill. I think I am safe. I want to feel you fuck me."

I let my weight down on to her. Pinned her, letting her feel for only seconds how I could take her. "I will tell you when I am about to cum and I will pull out." Her strong, solid, athletic body liked the rough contact of my thrust. She enjoyed how her body absorbed my power. How the long shaft raked across her clit and drove her higher and higher. Her first climax surprised her and me. I paused as I felt her cunt's muscles suck and her belly tighten. I stayed still until her toes uncurled and her legs slid almost back to the mat. At this loving point we gained a cheerleader. Ellen spread my legs wider so she could see my cock penetrating her friend.

"Damn, William, she is taking you. She has never had a cock before. Fuck her. Come on, fuck her, I want to see you cum. I want to see it run out of her."

Susan's body went with her friend's fantasy. Her eyes closed, she began to pant and thrust up at me. The last inch was too much for her but she refused to admit defeat and pulled at my hips. Sweat popped out on her brow and between her breasts. I curled my body and suckled her beautiful left nipple as I continued to thrust. There was no denying this climax. I had never been squeezed so hard or been thrust up against with more force. Her tiny body lifted my legs off the ground. In response, I drove into her. The crash crushed my last inch into her lovely belly. She recoiled but came back for more, knowing what she had accomplished.

I watched in awe as this time her climax with a man was wild, unabandoned and limitless. She went through one high to a second. Still I would not let her stop. She went through a third and it was so beautiful I had to tell her, "I am going to cum, Susan."

Her voice was distant and pleading for me to help her, "Please, just a little more."

I used every juvenile trick in the book but what worked was looking at her contorted face and knowing that I wanted to please her. Just as she collapsed under me, my cock pulled free and began to shoot onto her breasts, her belly and dribble onto her pussy. With my last ounce of strength, I rolled off her. She held on, rolled on top and slid up through the slipperiness so her mouth was over mine. I was exhausted but she kissed me and I relished in the attention.

Before I could fully enjoy Susan's appreciative kisses, I felt another pair of lips close over my cock, suck and then move away to lick at the wetness Susan and I had smeared over each other. The tongue was cat like, lapping, tickling and almost painful as it hit the super-sensitive head of my cock.

I could have easily slipped into unconsciousness; then I faintly heard, "Susan, slide down here with me."

The tiny, strong, satisfied body followed orders and I felt the cold air hit our combined juices smeared on my body.

"Put your hand at the base of his softening cock and pull up to milk the last of his cum out."

I felt short stocky fingers close just above my balls and pull. My hips lifted and then slid back onto the cold concrete.

"That is the last he has to give you right now. Take it into your mouth, taste him, lick him and swallow his cum, so you will possess him and he will be in your belly."

My cock began to respond to two sets of lips. I knew my limits, so I had to stop this. "The two of you have given me more pleasure than I can describe. But please stop. Let's clean up, cook and have dinner. I know you two are lovers and this was Susan's first time with a man. You are driving me crazy. I am very, very oral. I am dying to lick and have each of you cum in my mouth but then, I would get wilder than you can imagine. I could put each of you on your hands and knees and take both of you, so my cum would flow out of your wombs for days and we would argue about who could taste it."

My two lovers accepted my plea. The rest of the evening was normal, almost till midnight when they had to go home.

Susan, held my head kissed me passionately and asked, "Why did you really push us away and not want to continue. I could see the wildness and desire in your eyes."

"I'll answer, but please don't laugh at me. It has been many years, since we have truly known each other. In high school, and to this day, I still think about you. I have imagined us shopping for groceries, fighting, vacationing and making love. But most of all, I have fantasized about you wanting me to cum in you, for you to be pregnant and for us to have a family. It is a silly teenage fantasy that is still very alive in a 31 year old man. It embarrasses me, but for tonight, even with the presence of another beautiful woman, I had to fight against making it a reality. I pulled out of you once. If we are ever together again, be on birth control. Even though, I now know your preference is for women, I won't pull out of you again."