 Ok, this is fiction, in a world with no STDs. All the characters are fictional and if they resemble real people you know it is a weird coincidence, such things don't really happen in real life. If you are underage go find your fun elsewhere, don't read this story.

I don't plan to add sequels of this one, but I may be tempted to do so depending on feedback.

*****

Amanda is in the bar with a few of her friends, Lisa, Brianna and Michelle, all three are known as some of the wildest 'party girls' of the company, having had many affairs with bosses and coworkers in the last years, Amanda, on the other hand, is considered a 'good girl', who doesn't spread her legs that easily.

Amanda - Mandy for her friends - is a sexy, if somewhat plump, blonde of medium height. She has shoulder long hair, naturally light blonde, a very cute face with brown eyes and a hot body. Ok, some might call her 'plump', but the 'extra padding' is mostly on her very large tits and the amazing butt, large, round and very firm - the kind that would make any Kardashian jealous.

Lisa is a tanned beautiful girl with light brown hair and a fit body, her legs are just perfect and muscular and she has the tightest butt ever, with boobs that are rather large for her athletic body, but not huge. Brianna is a brunette beauty, with large tits and a full bubble butt. Michelle is a brown skinned Latina who looks like a model, with beautiful raven hair, black eyes and sexy mouth on a perfect face, she is very slim and has nearly no tits, but a surprisingly large and round ass.

They talk about Mel, a work friend who had just married a few weeks ago, but was a total slut before that. The girls discuss Mel's new status as a married woman, and are joking about it, doubting the sexy brunette is going to settle. They believe she'll keep having fun with her coworkers.

"I know I'll marry someday, but if the guy isn't well hung... I'm sure going to cheat on him!" Brianna jokes. "I mean, a girl can't be happy without a big cock from time to time."

The girls taunt Amanda; they all know the busty blonde had a problem with her former boyfriend's small cock size.

"I don't even think about marrying!" Lisa dismisses it. "I mean, I have all the fun I wish to have and, when I need a big cock to satisfy me, I can Call Victor!" She giggles and the girls laugh along. Vic is a womanizer who has a reputation for his large member and Lisa is basically on booty call for him.

"Vic is ok... but Andrew, he is at another Level!" Brianna confides. "I mean he is a bit shorter than Vic but is much thicker!"

Again the girls laugh.

"Ok, I shouldn't talk about it, but since you girls are boasting about the way you slut around... I have had the best cock in the company: Gene!" Michelle says proudly. "He is as long as Vic and as thick as Andrew..."

"It looks like someone tasted all three!" Amanda jokes and they start to laugh.

The drunken girls keep talking about big cocks, making Amanda giggle and feel her cunt wet and throbbing with the idea of large members in her pussy, when suddenly they see some of their work friends walking closer... Andrew, Victor and Gene!

The girls soon wave them closer, giggling excited. It is pretty obvious they have been invited by one of the girls.

"Hey, it was supposed to be a 'girls only' night!" Amanda says alarmed, but their friends just laugh as the guys approach them.

Mandy actually dislikes Victor, he is a charming good looking man, with an athletic lithe body and a handsome face with well kept black hair. he is a well known jerk and womanizer ho loves to boast about his 'conquests' (girls he fucked) among his buddies.

Andrew, on the other hand has always treated her ok, he is a minor executive and is very polite, but also he has fucked half her girlfriends at work. He is a handsome man with blonde hair, blue eyes and he is quite muscular, not a body builder type, but he looks strong, even if he is just average in height.

She likes Gene. He is a fun and nice guy around Amanda, they worked together for a while and got along well. But the tall and muscular brown haired man is also well known for the large number of company girls he has banged, still he manages to keep the best image among the three, being extra nice and a funny jokester.

"Hello ladies." Vic takes the lead, smiling in a warm way.

"Hi Vic!" Lisa giggles and she gives him a peck on the lips.

"So what is all the giggling about girls?" Andrew asks.

"Oh... girl talk!" Michelle answers licking her lips and stealing a glance at Vic's lap, the rest of the girls giggle.

"Don't you guys want to sit and have a few drinks with us?" Brianna offers and Gene smiles and says 'Yes' for the entire group.

"I am buying." Victor says and orders a round for the three men and for each of the girls. The only apparent problem is that there are only four chairs and they are all taken! And there is no room for more chairs around the small table.

Andrew tries to talk to one of the waiters but the man just shakes his head and answers something that doesn't sound very satisfying to Amanda's good looking coworker.

"Hey, the waiter said they couldn't get more chairs for us." Andrew says a bit annoyed.

"Well, maybe we can find a way!" Brianna says giggling. "I could sit on your lap Andrew." She makes way for the muscular young executive and sits on his lap sideways, putting a hand on his shoulder for support and starting to flirt with him, her face dangerously close to his.

"Come on girls, just so we can all sit and talk." Gene asks Michelle, she laughs and allows Gene to sit down.

"I'm a good girl Gene, not some easy slut, remember that!" The brunette jokes and sits on his lap, rubbing her tight ass on it, as if making a point. "Try to respect me sir!" Michelle says but puts her lips an inch away from his.

"Good idea", Vic says and he asks Mandy if she can make room for him.

"Sorry Vic, I-I'd rather not..." even excited and drunk, Amanda doesn't want to get in such an intimate position. "...I'm sure Lisa will be more than happy to help you."

"No Problem. I am sure we will find a way for you to make it up to me Amanda." He winks at her.

Mandy blushes and lowers her head, getting her glass and drinking fast. Vic smiles and takes it in stride but not without innuendo. He moves over to Lisa. She giggles when he approaches her. In a couple of minutes, the men are told about the current subject: Mel's marriage.

"Can't believe Mel got married." Gene puts his one hand under Michelle's tits, almost cupping the underside thru her blouse. "I figured she was too much a woman for one man." Then he licks her ear. "Then again, maybe she can handle more men anyway. I know Mel can handle quite a bit - as you know." He then clearly cups under her tits and squeezes. "Never met a girl who could handle... Everything, deeply like she does, wit easy."

"Hummm... talking about my slutty hot friend? You really know how to treat a woman!" Michelle giggles and licks his ear.

"Come on, I bet everyone in this table knows you two were 'partners in crime'." Gene laughs. "You were on the hunt every weekend... and sometimes split the prize!" he winks and everybody laughs, only Amanda looks surprised at this revelation.

"She's a proper married girl now; I don't think she'll cheat on hubby... for a while! But maybe she can make an exception for guys with almost foot long cocks..." she winks to her friends.

"For a time?" Andrew smiles and say. "Good for us then." 

"Hey, Mel is not the only hot girl you know guys!" Lisa says jealous, she is sitting on Vic's lap, facing away from him; her skirt is hiked up, so her ass is in full contact with his crotch.

"You guys, you have a thing for married girls!" Brianna says also hurt.

"They like good girls, the prude type turns them on." Michelle adds, mock hurt.

"Thank God Amanda is such a prude, otherwise she'd have all three of you for herself!" Brianna jokes.

"Hey! I'm not a prude!" Amanda says a bit upset.

"Calm down people." Victor, ever so suave, adds, "Well, we all know each of you girls knows what to do for us three men, well except Mandy, she is a good girl after all, maybe no prude, but a goody two shoes" 

"Yeah." Andrew then says, "I bet Mandy could put the other three girls to shame if she really wanted." He puts his hands in front of his chest, in reference to her very large tits.

Vic buys another drink for Mandy seeing she finished hers already.

"I am not a prude." Amanda says a bit hurt. "I-I am just... and...Well, I have to go to the restroom!" 

She stands up, looking a bit unsteady, and walks into the crowd. A few minutes later she is back, but has a surprise, her seat is taken, Lisa took it! Michelle is on Andrew lap and Brianna went to Vic's lap while gene sits comfortably, with no girl with him.

"Hey! What happened!?" Amanda laughs. 

"We just felt like changing places a bit!" Lisa shrugs.

"Yes, but since you're such a prude and will not sit on any of the guy's lap..." Michelle teases Amanda. 

"I'm NOT a prude!" The busty blonde says a bit annoyed 

She takes her drink and nearly gulps it all down. She makes a face and shakes her head.

Gene smiles, "You don't have to sit on my lap Mandy - besides you might end up bringing something up." He says and the whole table laughs. " A good girl like wouldn't want that, right?"

Feeling dared, Amanda walks to Gene and sits on his lap, sideways, her large tits just under his chin. 

"Well, what were you laughing about?" Mandy asks in triumph.

"Don't worry Mandy." Vic laughs and says. "I am sure Gene will bring it up and then you'll know."

The table laughs more as Gene hands Mandy another free drink.

"Thank you!" she giggles drunk and sips of it, relaxing and realizing everyone is just joking around.

Amanda is so stoned she is unsteady on his lap. Gene puts his arm around her waist to hold her steady and ends up putting hand just under one of the huge tits, slightly feeling the fabric of her lace bra underneath the blouse.

The tall good looking man smiles to Amanda and uses her every move, laugh and any opportunity to make her spill her drink over her blouse. Amanda is drunk enough not to notice she is being played with, that Gene is actually making her wet her clothes. The white sheer material of her blouse immediately gets see though and the nipple gets hard with the cold liquid. 

Vic whispers to Brianna and Michelle and they then whisper to Lisa. Soon the three girls give Mandy the rest of their drinks, keeping their married hot friend constantly drunk. The poor blonde doesn't even notice that Gene moves his legs to make her spill the drinks whenever she raises her glasses to her lips. With Gene's subtle actions, Mandy spills more and more of the drinks, until her white blouse is looking like in a wet T-shirt contest. 

"I can't believe it, the 'goody goody two shoes Amanda is actually loosening up and having some fun with our coworkers!" Michelle teases her.

"Don't say that or she may freak out and start thinking that she is in some kind of intimate position with Gene!" Brianna jokes.

"Stop it girls! Amanda is a good girl, but is not some boring prude!"" Gene chuckles and uses both hands to drag Amanda closer, as if trying to protect her. It also allows him to cup the underside of her large tits.

"Those girls are kind of rough on you Mandy." Vic says. "You know - the teasing." 

"Yes, they are my friends, but they really give me a hard time, all the time talking about sex, big cocks and such things!" Amanda nods drunkly and gives her friends the tongue. "And they keep saying I'm' a Prude! I'm NOT a prude!" 

"Yes, so rude" Vic says mockingly. Gene is groping her tits now and Andrew has hands on her upper thigh, "I bet you could handle more big cocks than those three combined, if you wanted that is."

"Yeah!" Amanda giggles as she cheers and Gene makes her almost spill the full glass of gin. Just then Gene 'accidentally' makes her spill a bit on her skirt.

"Oh geez, Mandy. I am so sorry." He says, looking sad. Her blouse is now totally wet.

"Fuck, I-I have to get changed!" she looks down at her large tits, showing through the now transparent fabric of blouse and bra. 

"You guys are drunk!" Michelle laughs. 

"Yes, I think you'd better go to the restroom Mandy, your blouse is too wet." Brianna agrees.

"Let's go girls; maybe we can help Amanda here with her wet top problem!" Lisa giggles. 

"Ok! Thanks girls" Amanda nods and stands up a bit annoyed. 

She stumbles out to the restroom with the help of her friends. As the four of them reach the restroom they look at Amanda's blouse.

"God Mandy, this blouse is away too wet, I think you should remove it." Michelle suggests and Amanda nods, taking it off.

"The bra is also a mess; I guess you should take it off too." Lisa says. 

"Fuck, I can't go topless girls!" Amanda says a bit annoyed. 

"Here, take my jacket!" Michelle says, handing it to Amanda. "You just have to keep it buttoned up."

"Yes, it'll work!" Brianna nods. 

"Good Idea Michelle!" Louse agrees.

Not wanting to create a fuss, and actually believing it is a good idea, Amanda removes her bra and takes the jacket. 

It is a two buttons very classy jacket, to be used in a formal situation over a blouse. But without any clothes underneath it actually creates a deep V neckline that goes far below Amanda's knockers. A good part of the blonde's jugs are exposed, and as she moves the jacket bares more of her mounds, even to the point of showing a bit of her areolas and nipples. 

Another important detail is that Michelle is a slim girl, almost flat chested, and so her jacket barely fits the voluptuous blonde. As Amanda buttons it up, the jacket presses her massive melons together. If Amanda already looked busty with her bra and blouse, now she looks like a big tits pornstar, with her pillows ballooning up to nearly spill out of the too revealing jacket. 

It takes the girls a good ten minutes to convince her, even as drunk as she is, that it is no big deal and that everyone will keep this a secret, and she doesn't need to worry about people from the office finding out about it.

After she is done dressing up in the too tight and way too low necked jacket, Amanda and the girls return to the table. 

Mandy is giggling as she unsteadily walks to the table. She has a jacket on, all buttoned up, but the guys notice she has removed her wet clothes. The busty blonde has her blouse and massive bra on her hands and puts them on the table as she returns. The large mounds spill on top of the jacket, creating an amazing cleavage, but otherwise she is quite properly clothed.

"Now I feel better! That blouse was starting to make me cold... and I had to remove my bra too!" she shows them the underwear.

"Yes, we see..." Gene actually grabs the bra and reads the tag, he mouths '36 F!' to Victor and Andrew, who make impressed faces, but Mandy doesn't even notice it.

"You know..." The three men smile and Vic takes the lead. "...it was a good idea Mandy, you are smart. Otherwise some men might think you were some kind of slut for walking around with a wet blouse and bra." 

"Yes, I'm not a slut! But this jacket is way too revealing!" She giggles looking down at her overexposed hooters, always popping out of the plunging neckline when she moves.

Amanda finally sees her friends sitting down and she actually tries to reach for a free chair, but Victor grabs her hand, stopping her.

"No Mandy..." He opens a warm smile and pulls the hot girl to his lap. "Here sit with me, that way I can wrap my arms around you, you know, to provide you with better protection from men staring at your chest."

"Thanks Victor!" she giggles, looking surprised. "I never thought you'd be so considerate! After all you have been banging all the girls and telling everyone about it." Amanda's butt found the right spot, just on top of Vic's erection.

"Well Mandy - sometimes people exaggerate and make up stories - you know just to put people down." He agrees wrapping his arms around her, under one of her arms, her tit on top of his forearm and his hand slipping inside the jacket's Large V neckline and touching the other tit. "You know like some people say I am some sort of... a pervert - just to say mean things. Like the girls calling you a prude - same thing." 

"Yes, I've heard all sorts of exaggerated stories about you having sex with the girls in office, the girls even wondered if you don't have some fetish for fucking all your coworkers!"

She starts to laugh. Amanda doesn't bother about his fingers kneading her tit, thinking he is actually hiding her near nakedness from the view of passing strangers. But Victor is actually groping her boobs, the best pair in the company, In fact, as Victor cups the large breast, it rises a bit, escaping a little bit more from the jacket.

"Yes, who'd believe such a thing?" Lisa giggles. "Like, from what we've heard he must have fucked Paula, Andrea, Rhiana, July and scores of others! It can't be true, right Vic?"

"Of course not!" He winks and everyone laughs.

"These are only work gossip; I have no idea why people spread such lies Mandy. Same as why I never understood why anyone would call such a pretty girl like you a prude." He is kneading both tits now as Gene and Andrew stare and smile. "Girls and guys, do any of you think our nice girl Mandy is a prude?"

"I AM not..." she whispers, looking worried at the guys and her friends.

The two other men nod 'no' and say 'of course not!' Her friends also shake their heads and say 'she doesn't look much of a prude to me!' and 'If I had any doubts, I just made up my mind tonight, Mandy is NOT a prude'. They all smile wide.

"Thanks!" Amanda smiles proudly, too drunk to realize she is being played with. "But I think I'd better go home, I just don't know what to do about my clothes! I mean, I don't want people in my neighborhood to see me like this."

"I have an idea." Victor says with his sweetest voice. "You can't drive, so, how about I take you to my place and we can find you a clean shirt there so you look presentable when you get home."

"NOPE!" she giggles shaking her head. "I'm not going to your place, just the two of us and..."

"Oh, I'm not inviting just you, everyone can join us, like, we can go on drinking at my place, and I have plenty of beer there!"

"Cool, count me in." Andrew nods.

"Me too." Gene agrees.

The girls gossip a bit in low tones among themselves and end up say 'ok'. It is all arranged, the night will go on at Victor's place. Still Amanda is a bit unsure, her friends are such a bunch of whores, and it can easily turn into something lewd.

"Guys, do you swear you'll treat me as a good girl?" she asks, sounding a bit stupid in her drunk state.

"We will treat you like we treat ALL good girls Mandy, we swear." Victor speaks for the guys. "Your friends are coming too; they'll keep an eye on us to make sure I treat you just the way you deserve." He looks at his friends and asks with a serious tone. "Right guys?" Gene and Andrew chuckle and agree.

‎"Ok then." Amanda looks at Vic and stands up, moving her body from side to side, she can't even stand straight! "Let's go folks!"

Amanda feels rather safe with Gene and Andrew around, the two guys have always been kind of friends, or at least good coworkers, so she feels they'd not do anything wrong to her, still she doesn't trust Victor!

They walk out of the now crowded bar. People stare at Amanda, some guys get elbow blows from their girlfriends for ogling her cleavage. The cute blonde's tits go uncovered from time to time as the mounds jiggle braless inside the jacket. It has only two buttons so her knockers escape the cover constantly and people can fully see her tits. The small group of friends joke about it, making it sound 'cool' and 'adventurous' of Amanda to be exposing herself like that.
