 The party had a good turnout, and the drinks flowed freely -- usually, John would be having a good time. Unfortunately, he couldn't quite loosen up enough, couldn't get out of his head. Or, more accurately, he couldn't get her out of his head; Eliza, who hosted the party.

Eliza was one of John's closes friends since they started together as freshman, and she had a long distance boyfriend, so John tried not to think of her sexually, but John was a man and sometimes he just couldn't help himself. It didn't make it easier that she was incredibly sexy -- 5'4", with curly dark hair, a mocha complexion, perfect C-cup breasts, and a gorgeous rounded ass (John didn't look terrible himself -- just shy of 6', a sharp, Clark Kent jawline with matching spit-curled hair, and well toned muscles thanks to regular hours at the gym). John wasn't the only one who noticed her, though, and this boyfriend was only the latest in a long string. Most of them broke up with her after a few months, due to her sassy, almost bitchy attitude. John always tried to give her some time between break ups, but was too shy to move quickly enough before she partnered up again. He'd fear that he was in the friend zone if it weren't for her constantly flirtatious attitude towards him.

John had been trying to avoid Eliza all night, and so he was surprised when Erin, one of Eliza's housemates, came up to him and told him that Eliza needed him. He followed Erin to Eliza's room, where Eliza lay in bed, mostly over the covers, the sun dress she'd been wearing in complete disarray. "She had a bit too much to drink," Erin explained. "Can you stay with her a bit while I get some water?" John obliged, and Erin left him exactly where he didn't want to be.

Eliza was not quite asleep, but drunk and enough that she wasn't quite awake either. She didn't even seem to realize John was in the room until he started to pull the sheets over her. "Hey John..." she said groggily.

"Hi. Don't mind me. You get some rest."

"I think I feel better now that a big strong man is here to save me."

"Very funny, princess. Erin's getting you some water, then it's time for bed for you."

"Mmm, yes sir..." she murmured, before rolling over. John sat on the bed next to her and stroked her hair. Even in her current state, John couldn't stop his mind from drifting to thoughts of her lips wrapped around his hard cock, or spreading her legs right now and fucking her brains out.

It wasn't until Erin came back that he realized Eliza had fallen asleep. "Oh, well, I guess you can go back to the party," Erin offered. "I'm gonna crash in here in case she wakes up and needs anything."

"Ehn, I may as well keep you company." John knew that otherwise he'd probably just distractedly wander the party before going home and jerking off to the thoughts of all the things he might have done to Eliza if Erin hadn't come in when she did. Besides, he liked Erin, even if he didn't know her that well, and this would be a good chance to get to know her. So, they chatted for some timeless stretch, discussing all the usual -- their classes, their hobbies, their mutual friends, their thoughts of what life after college would be like.

It wasn't until they'd covered those and sat in awkward silence that John realized how beautiful Erin was. She was a little shorter than Eliza, maybe 5'2", and a little chubbier, but this gave her great D-cup tits. She was pale, with strawberry blonde hair -- not his usual type, but still... Maybe it was the drinks he'd had earlier, maybe it was the fantasizing, but he suddenly found that he wanted her, badly. Looking into her sky blue eyes, he could tell she knew, and wanted him too.

He kissed her, hungrily, again and again. They fell backwards into the bed, both too intoxicated by the feeling of lip on lip and darting tongue to care that Eliza was sleeping just a few inches of mattress away. After a moment, John's hands slid under Erin's shirt and caressed her pillowy tits; her breath became quick and sharp. John soon broke the kissing to pull of her shirt, then kissed again as his hand found the clasp of her bra. Once her breasts were free, he sat up again to take in Erin's beauty. Her breasts were perfect globes of pale white flesh with small, hard, pink nipples. The look of pure lust in her eyes ensured his already stiff cock was as hard as it had ever been. He pulled off his shirt, and dove back into a passionate kiss.

As pleasure as it was to taste her soft lips and tongue while her bare breasts rubbed against his muscular chest, John had other plans. He began to work his way down, planting a trail of kisses across her face, gently biting her earlobe, kissing down her jaw, to her neck, her collarbone, until finally his tongue circled her right nipple.

Erin gasped in pleasure. Though few knew it, she war rather sexually innocent -- she had kissed a few boys, sure, and even let them get her bra off, but having one suck her tits was a rare treat and she was lost in the pleasure. She moaned when John switched to her other breast, and ran her fingers through his hair. As he continued she began to press her tits into his mouth, forcing him to engulf as much as he could. John massaged her other breast with one hand, and with the other undid his belt and pulled down his pants.

It was Erin's turn now, and for the first time, a man began to strip her of her jeans. John slowly worked them off, while still keeping his mouth alternating from one tit to the other. He sighed as he felt fingers find their way through the front of his boxers and wrap around his cock, slowly jerking him. Suddenly, he realized that Erin's fingers were still running through his hair. He pulled away from her to see Eliza sitting up, gently stroking his prick. It was just under 7 inches, and thick, and looked gigantic in her hand. Her eyes smoldered and her mouth was curved in a wicked grin.

"Get naked," she commanded, and he quickly pulled off his boxers. He was surprised to see Erin pulling off her (soaked) panties. Eliza pulled her sundress over her head, revealing her shapely, caramel colored breasts. John hooked his fingers into her panties and stripped her of them. He admired the toned muscles of her legs, letting his gaze drift up to her pussy, neatly trimmed and glistening wet. He looked further up, across her flat stomach with pierced belly button, marveled at her perfect tits, and then to her face, where he was shocked to see Eliza and Erin passionately kissing.

Erin herself was shocked. If anyone had asked, she wouldn't have been able to tell them why she was so eagerly making out with her longtime friend and roommate. John had gotten her so excited that she couldn't not be kissing this beautiful woman before her. Any lingering doubts she may have had about the wisdom of this disappeared as Eliza's fingers found Erin's pussy, began stroking her outer lips, and finally sliding one finger deep inside her drenched pussy.

John could barely believe what he was seeing, but he wasn't going to be left out. His hands parted Eliza's thighs and he leaned forward. Eliza's hips bucked up as she felt John's tongue lick the length of her cunt, before he dove in and began fucking her with his tongue. Eliza moaned into Erin's mouth; she could barely focus on finger fucking Erin's sopping slit while John ate her out.

As she and John kept up their assaults, both woman drew nearer and nearer to orgasm. Eliza latched onto one of Erin's tits, while John switched to sucking Eliza's clit and sliding a finger inside her. It was all either of them could take -- Eliza shrieked out as she came, while Erin simply collapsed in bliss.

John, meanwhile, was painfully hard, and he knew there was only one way for him to be satisfied. With one arm he lifted one of Eliza's legs, while with his other hand he guided the head of his prick to dripping wet cunt. It was all she could do not to scream again as Eliza felt his cock's head stretch her tight pussy, and as she moaned, John slammed the remaining length into her in one thrust. They gazed into each other's eyes as they savored the feel of each other, his hardness stretching her velvety vice. Eliza was surprised at how bold John was acting, but she was also delighted. For years she'd wanted John to finally take her like this. She also couldn't believe how hot his cock felt. It was then that she realized he wasn't using a condom. She considered stopping, but knew that she couldn't stop him if she wanted to, and God did she not want to.

Eliza lifter her legs and wrapped them around D's hips, opening herself up for him to fuck. She draped her arms across his broad shoulders. He began to slide in and out of her, picking up speed until he was forcefully fucking her, slamming her into the mattress with each thrust. Her nails dug into his back and she his shoulder, sending waves of perverse pleasure through him while delaying his climax.

Erin watched them fuck, watched John's hard cock drive into Eliza, heard the slapping of flesh on flesh, and the wet squelching of cock pistoning in and out of cunt, smelled the musk in the air. She couldn't help but begin to play with herself. As she strummed her clit, she turned, kissed Eliza on the shoulder, then the neck, the cheek. Eliza turned her head and the two locked lips, Eliza's tongue darting across Erin's. Eliza broke the kiss and gasped "wait, stop!" John paused, worried she thought this had gone too far, perhaps remembering her absent boyfriend. With a tremendous act of willpower, he withdrew from her wet snatch.

Eliza had no intention of the night being over, though. She pushed Erin flat, then kissed her neck, over her tits and belly, and positioned herself between Erin's legs, ready to eat her friend's blonde pussy. "Ok, John, fuck me doggystyle. Hard," she demanded. John gave her ass a quick slap. "I'm in charge here," he growled. Eliza squealed as he slide into her again.

Although a part of her wanted to simply focus on the feeling of John's cock pounding into her, his balls slapping against her clit, Eliza was eager to taste Erin's pussy. She dove in, hungrily lapping at Erin's cunt. Erin couldn't believe the pleasure she was experiencing right now -- she'd never been eaten out before, let alone by someone as skilled as Eliza apparently was. Eliza's technique was, in fact, sloppier than usual; John was fucking her so hard she couldn't do much more than clamp her mouth to Erin's pussy and probe her tongue inside, letting the force of John's thrusts fuck Erin too.

She could hear Erin's breath getting faster and faster, and knew she herself couldn't last much longer. She brought one hand up to massage Erin's tits, and shifted her mouth to focus on Erin's clit. Then, as Eliza licked, kissed, and sucked Erin's clit, she drove two fingers into her friend's cunt. Erin suddenly tensed, her hands clutching her tits as her legs clamped on Eliza's head. Eliza happily drank the cum that poured from Erin's pussy. The sight of Erin cumming on Eliza's mouth was too much. "I'm gonna cum!" John grunted.

"Yes, do it!" Eliza breathed. "Cum with me. Cum... cum inside me!"

John tightened his grip on her hips and forced himself as deep inside her as he could. He moaned as Eliza's hand shot back and massaged his balls. His hot cum erupted from his cock, shooting his seed deep into her. The feeling of his cock pulsing and the sudden feeling of his hot cum in her bare pussy pushed Eliza over the edge, and she screamed as she came more powerfully than she had ever before.

They all three collapsed, panting and sweating. After catching their breath, they shifted so that John lay with a girl on either side, their heads resting on his shoulders.

"That... I always make my boyfriends use condoms. But that was so incredible." Eliza murmured.

"Every part of that was was incredible." John added.

Erin kissed him on the cheek and nuzzled into the crook of his neck. "So... when's my turn?"