 The large heavy oak doors swung open as the queen was addressing the royal court.

"Who dares interrupt my audience?" exclaimed the queen.

"Forgive the intrusion my lady," replied a man dressed in all black from the back of the hall.

"Who are you, sir? That you think you can barge in on the queen while we are entertaining our court?" said the queen.

"Just a humble knight, here to do your bidding if you will have me," replied the man.

The queen dismissed the court but ordered the man to stay. She looked at the man and ordered him forward. As he approached the throne she took stock of him.

He was 6 feet tall, and well muscled, from what she could see of him through the skintight outfit he wore. He wore a black silk shirt that was open down the front to the middle of his hard stomach; his chest was covered with rippling muscles. Black leather pants so tight she could see every sinewy inch of his well muscled legs, as her eyes traveled up his thighs she saw a bulge in his crotch, it was long and hard. She unconsciously ran her tongue across her lips, just thinking about it. When he got to the thrown he knelt on one knee and bowed his head and said, "I am yours to command, my lady."

The queen was wearing a long flowing crimson dress cut low in the front, showing off her beautiful cleavage. Her nipples had gotten hard from seeing his hard cock through the pants. She could also feel the dampness of her pussy on her thighs, her excitement was growing quickly and more erotically every second. She told the man to rise, with a slight blush at hearing her own words. When he rose she noticed that the string tying the front of the pants closed had snapped, exposing his cock, it was long and hard, and sticking out from the hole in the pants. The queen blushed a deep red and licked her lips again, at that moment she decided on how this knight could be of service to her. The queen slowly rose from her throne, making sure she slid forward as she did, thus having her dress slide up revealing her long, luscious legs, all the way to her upper thighs.

If the knight had still been on bended knee he would have been able to see her beautiful pussy staring back at him, shimmering with the moistness of the queens' excitement. As she stood the dress fell back down to cover her legs, while sliding out of the chair she noticed the knights eyes travel up her legs and his cock twitch with excitement.

She said, "please walk with me and we can decide what it is you can do for me, okay?"

"Of course your majesty," replied the knight.

As they walked around the audience hall, the knight noticed that the guards were still in their places, eyes front, and backs straight.

"So, how can I be of service, your majesty?" asked the knight.

"Well, you seem to carry a rather nice sized tool, what can you use it for, and how long before it becomes unusable?" asked the queen as she gently touched his throbbing cock, slowly taking a drop of his pre-cum on her fingertip, she brought it to her lips and licked it off her finger with two long, gentle licks. "Mmmmm, you taste very nice, would you mind if I tried a little more, maybe from the source?" asked the queen.

"I am yours to command, my lady," replied the knight.

The queen slowly lowered her self to the floor and gently pulled down the knights' pants, freeing even more of his cock for her to admire. It was at least 9" long and about 3" wide and was slowly dripping pre-cum from the slit in the tip. The queen eyed it greedily and slowly and gently ran her tongue along the tip causing even more twitches of pleasure in the knights cock. The queen then slowly brought the head of the cock to her lips where she tried to stick her tongues tip inside the slit, before taking the tip into her mouth. She gently began to suck on the head of the cock, occasionally grazing it with her teeth. Slowly she sucks another inch of his magnificent cock into her mouth, grazing it with her teeth. She continues to do this until every last throbbing inch of his cock is deep inside her throat. Tightening her throat muscles, she begins to milk that magnificent cock of any thing that might be in it. Determined to get every last drop of love juice from it she pulls her head up off his cock and slowly begins going up and down on his shaft.

A muffled cry escapes from the knights' throat, as the queen begins to pick up the pace on her sucking of his cock. The knight begins to run his hands across her face and down to her neck gently caressing her cheeks and neck. He runs it down to the front of her dress and inside gently massaging her tits and occasionally brushing against her nipples. Out of the corner of his eyes the knight notices that the royal guards have pulled their own cocks out and are currently stroking them while watching the queen of the country give a common knight a blow job right in the middle of the royal court. The knight slowly pulled down the queens' top so that her beautiful breasts swung free of their restraints. He slowly massaged the luscious breasts of the queen ever so gently brushing against her hard, long nipples. The queen slowly pulls her mouth away from the knights cock with a loud pop as it springs free of her mouth. She then stands up and gently takes hold of the now slick cock and leads the knight to the throne where she sits down drawing the dress up around her waist, showing the knight her beautiful and wet cunt. Taking her middle finger she slides it down her between her beautiful pussy lips, gently stroking the clit.

"Do you think you can do anything for this small leak I have here?" asks the queen.

"It would be my humble pleasure to help in any way I can, your majesty." replied the knight. The knight knelt at the feet of the queen and took one of her feet in his hands and slowly removed her slipper. He gently massaged her foot and lightly kissed the top of the foot. He then proceeded to trace his tongue down her foot until he reached her toes and slowly licked all around the big toe, until he was at the tip of her toe. He then gently sucked the toe into his mouth, gently sucking on it and flicking the tip with his tongue. The queen could feel the heat rising between her legs. As the knight continued to suck on her toe, she slowly traced the outline of her pussy with the tip of her index finger, quietly squealing with delight from the pleasure of the knights sucking of her toe and her own ministrations of her pussy. The knight slowly left her big toe and worked his way over to the next toe and began sucking on it. He also sent his other hand gently up her leg, massaging her calf then the back of the knee, before getting to her thigh.

He began to gently massage her inner thigh, slowly working his way up to her flowing pussy. He gently ran his fingers across her pussy with a feather like touch. He then brushed her clit with his fingertip causing her to once again squeal with pleasure. The queen took a moment to look around the great audience hall. The guards all had their hard, stiffs cocks out and were stroking them with increased vigor. The queens' pussy got even wetter upon seeing her royal guard so aroused. She was suddenly brought back to the present by the fact that the knight had her clit in his fingers and was rubbing it between his thumb and forefinger.

"Ohhhh, that feels so good my humble servant, but I want your tongue inside my dripping wet pussy right now!" cried the queen.

"Yes, your majesty." replied the knight. He sent his tongue up her leg, slowly and seductively. Tracing the same path his fingers had taken only minutes before, his tongue reached her hot, wet, sweet pussy and he began to trace his way around the outer lips of the queens' pussy. Ever so slowly he reached her clit and flicked it with his tongues tip, causing the queen to shudder with excitement.

"Ohhhh, put that long hard tongue in me, NOW!" cried the queen.

A sly grin played across the lips of the knight as he continued to flick her clit with his tongues tip. He then proceeded to take the queens' precious jewel into his mouth and gently began to suck on it, much like he had with her toes. He then proceeded to slide one of his fingers up inside her wet pussy, only up to the first joint though, causing the queen to shudder with pleasure. She began to push her body lower on to the knights' finger, but the knight deftly kept only one joint inside her. She also clasped her hands behind his head pushing more of her pussy into the knights waiting mouth. He then slowly pushed another joint up inside the queen, forcing her to beg him to send it all the way up inside her. As the knight proceeded to saw his fingers up inside her dripping cunt, the queen called over her royal guard and in a deep, lust filled voice, told them to disrobe. As the first of the guard stripped off his uniform the queen reached out and took his rock hard cock in her hand and gently pulled it to her waiting mouth. The other guards seeing this literally ripped their uniforms to get them off.

The knight slowly pulled himself away from the queens now dripping wet pussy, and shed his clothes as well. The queen began to suck the guards' cock deep into her throat, while taking another guards cock in her hand and began to jack it with a steady stroke. Yet another guard walked over to her and placed his rock hard cock in her other hand and the queen began to stroke that one too. The knight then proceeded to place just the head of his engorged cock inside her and rotate his hips. The two other guards appeared beside their partners and leaned over to begin sucking on the queens' ripe and hard nipples, while still stroking their hard cocks. The knight choose the very moment the guards tongues touched the queens nipples to plunge his rock hard cock deep inside her, feeling her shudder from all the attention her body was receiving.

The knight could feel the queens' pussy begin to tighten around his cock as he slid it in and out of her beautiful pussy. The guard whose cock she was sucking began to moan as he neared orgasm, as did the other two that she was jacking off. Suddenly the head guard let out a deep guttural growl as he exploded his first load deep inside her throat. The queen tried to swallow as much of his load of hot cum as she could, but some of it trickled out of her mouth and down her cheeks and chin before dripping on to her chest. The two guards she was jacking off also suddenly shot there loads all over her face, streaking it with lines of hot cum, sending some flying into her beautiful hair. At the very moment the guards had orgasms so did the queen, her pussy muscles tightening around the knights' cock for all they were worth. The final two guards then stood up and shot their loads across the queens beautiful tits, making sure to cover her nipples with their love juice. The queen gave out a long scream, and then collapsed back against the throne moaning loudly as the knight continues to pump her pussy for all he's worth, suddenly the queen reaches down between her legs and grasps his balls and lightly squeezes them causing him to inhale as he begins to feel his cum bubble to the top.

He pulls out and aims his cock at her pussy and lets it shoot, covering her pussy in all his seed. Suddenly the doors burst open the queens' lady in waiting runs in due to the scream she heard a few minutes earlier. She stops short when she sees the queen sitting there covered in the hot love juices of six men. The lady in waiting feels her pussy begin to moisten, at the sight before her. Her tongue slides out across her lips at the sight of six bulging, glistening, rock hard cocks, and the queen sitting no the throne covered in hot, fresh, man love juice. Cum is still sliding down her body leaving trails as it pools in her lap, leaving a small pool in her belly button. The lady in waiting slowly walks towards the queen and slowly kneels down and begins licking the fresh cum off the queens' body, starting at her toes, taking each one in her mouth. Sucking them gently, she licks up every bit of cum that happens to be on them, from the cum bath the queen just enjoyed. The lady in waiting begins to slide her tongue up the queens' legs, licking up every drop of cum on the queens' thighs.

She dragged her tongue up to the queens shaved pussy, sliding her tongue around the lips of her pussy, gobbling up all the hot male juice she could find. She made sure she touched the queens' clit, sending shivers up the queens' spine. With a snap of her fingers the queen sends the guards away. The tongue of the lady in waiting touched the pool of cum in the queens' belly button and began licking it up ever so slowly, totally losing her self in the pleasure of tasting the cum and the pleasure she was giving the queen. The knight simply stood back and watched as her lady in waiting was pleasuring the queen. He slowly began to strip away the rest of his clothes. The lady in waiting slowly brought her tongue up to the queens' tits, licking all the love juice off them before moving on up to the neck and then the face, getting every stream of cum off the queens face, before bringing her cum- coated lips to the queens'. She then sent her tongue softly inside the most royal lips in the kingdom. She began to drink the cum that was still coating the inside of the queens' mouth. Their tongues came into contact, causing both of them to shudder in delight.

Their bodies began to rub together in heightened sexual frenzy. The knight, meanwhile, was standing there totally naked silently stroking his cock back to hardness. The queen pulled her mouth away from the lady in waiting's and said "Standup, you slut and get undressed, very sexily for me, and you, my knight, why don't you come over here and lick me while she gets ready."

"Yes, my queen" said the lady in waiting. The knight just knelt in front of the queen and slowly ran his tongue across her outer lips. Flicking his tongue across her clit he caused her to shudder with renewed lust. Meanwhile, the lady in waiting had stripped out of her reignments and was feeding her left breast to the queen while slowly massaging the queens' own tit. The queen slid her hand between the lady in waitings' luscious legs and began to massage her dripping wet cunt. After about thirty minutes of this attention the queen pushes away the knight and orders the lady to kneel before her, and service her, until she tells her to stop. She then faces the knight and tells him to stand there and stroke his cock until she told him otherwise.

She then looks him deep in the eyes and says " Don't even think of cumming, until I tell you, you can, is that understood?"

"Yes, my queen." The knight once again began to slowly stroke his cock again, and the lady just gently takes the queens' clit in her mouth and begins to suck on it. The queen grabs the back of the lady's' head and pushes her face deeper into her dripping wet, highly aroused pussy. The lady's' hands slide down the front of her own body tweaking her nipples, before sliding them down to her pussy lips.

She slowly begins to rub her cunt feeling her pleasure build until just before her climax, the queen looks down and says, "Who gave you permission to pleasure yourself, slut. Pull your fingers out of that sopping wet pussy, and stick them in your mouth, and suck them clean." The lady quickly followed the queens' orders, enjoying the taste of her own juices, and being told what to do by the most important woman in the kingdom.

"You must be punished for that, slut. What should I have her do, my knight?"

"Well, my queen, since she has such a nice plump ass. I believe she should be spanked, my queen."

"That sounds very promising my humble knight."

The queen then reached over and took the knights cock in her hand and gently began to stroke him. " Go over to the window you slut," said the queen as she stroked the knights' now hard cock.

The queen then released his cock and stood up and walked to where the lady in waiting stood in front of the open window overlooking the courtyard of the palace. She slowly slid her hands over the ladies body, massaging every inch of her. She slowly reached up and pulled the ladies hand up with her. She then tied her hand with the cord from the drapes, she then licked down the bound arm ever so slowly. She then tied the arm, and slid her tongue down that arm too. The lady in waiting opened her eyes and saw a crowd had gathered in the courtyard below her. They were all looking up staring at the naked woman tied to the window of the audience hall, suddenly her left leg was pulled to the side and tied to the wall, as was her other leg. Now she stood before the crowd with her sex wide open for all the audience to see. A hand reached between her legs and began to massage her clit. Suddenly she felt something pushed up inside her dripping wet cunt, and then another pushed up her asshole. All of a sudden the lady heard a crack and turned her head just in time to see the queen standing there, totally naked, holding a riding crop.

The queen ran the riding crop across her nipples and then down her belly, while saying "You look so magnificent like that you slut, maybe I should leave you like that forever, MY SLUT." She then ran the riding crop between her legs, rubbing it on her engorged clit and between her dripping wet pussy lips, letting out a slight moan as the crop brushed her clit. She walked up behind the lady and rubbed the crop across her beautiful ass cheeks, before raising it above her head and bringing it down on that ass with a stinging smack. The lady bucked against the smack and released a yelp of pain. She then opened her eyes and looked down at the courtyard and saw that many of the male watchers had pulled out their members and were stroking them while watching the display, the rest were rubbing theirs through their pants. The women were rubbing their tits and cunts openly. A sudden smack brought her back to reality. The devices in her were driving her passion through the roof, she suddenly became very aware of the hotness of her ass as the whipping continued. Her pleasure continued to grow, with each smack of the riding crop. Then suddenly it stopped, " no please, don't stop," cried the lady.

"I Think you are enjoying this to much, you slut. Knight, why don't you take that big hard cock and show me what you can do with it." The knight walked up behind the lady in waiting and reached down and slowly pulled the device out of her ass and pushed it into her dripping wet, over extended pussy, making her grunt from pleasure and pain. He then slowly pushed his cock up the ladies wide-open ass, making her squeal with pleasure. He began to slowly push his cock in and out of her steaming hot ass. The queen was busy rubbing her pussy and tits because of the scene before. The lady was grunting and groaning due to the pleasure, the knight continued fucking here ass for over fifteen minutes, before the queen decided to help out. She walked in front of the lady and slowly began to lick her engorged clit, sending even more pleasure through her body. "Ohhhhhhh Godddddd, I'm getting ready to cum, my queen." On hearing this, the queen pulled herself away from the lady and ordered the knight to do the same.

"Oh no, my slut, you're not getting off that easy," said the queen with a mischievous grin on her face. "Come her my knight." As soon as the knight got to her she fell on her knees and began to suck on his hard cock. As he neared orgasm the queen pulled her mouth from his cock and jacked his cock off onto the ladies tied body. The queen then looked down on the crowd and said, "Who among you would like to fuck this slut, it does not matter if you're male or female she will service you all," yelled the queen, down on the gathered, highly aroused crowd. The crowd pushed forward towards the doors to the palace upon hearing the queens' proclamation. Sixteen of the villagers were allowed into the room and ordered to strip off their clothes. As soon as they were naked they were told what to do by the queen.
