 Derrick is an asshole. He's my best friend but he's also an asshole. We played professional basketball in Barcelona for three seasons together. We won one championship and fucked half of Europe together. I love him like a brother but he's an asshole. 

When I met Colette she had just finished her law degree at Lycée Condorcet. The first thing I noticed was how perfectly put together she was. Nothing extravagant but I could tell she was a professional something or other. From her minimal makeup and pristine dark skin to her unbranded luxury handbag and skirt, she was straight off a Vogue cover. There was no twinkle in her eye or girlish smile when I approached her. She was all business. 

We were both just looking for sex in a cafe that afternoon.

But our love for sci-fi got us into a post-fuck conversation that led to real dates and living together and an engagement and a wedding. 

Derrick's bachelor party activities were legendary to the point where Colette's Senegalese brothers had to carry him back to his hotel suite. We'd found out that he was ready for round two when the strippers finally found his room. Derrick was insatiable. 

However when Derrick finally convinced himself to settle down he tried to use Colette and I as a reference. Unfortunately Derrick was trying too hard to find a wife instead of finding a best friend. That's what Colette and I had found in each other. Everything else was icing on the cake. 

At first Colette would introduce him to some of her friends but those connections were always a nightmare. I think two ended with mutual restraining orders. When Derrick visited us in Phoenix he and one of Colette's coworkers, Alice, looked like a cute couple until we watched them hurling expletives at each other in our driveway before a dinner party. Colette gave up trying to help Derrick that night. 

When we were in Miami Derrick had chilled a ton but he still wasn't ready to settle down He appeared to be like less of an asshole. He was crashing in our pool house when he met Josephine. She was a friendly woman but nothing special. They were on-again off-again for a couple of years but he wasn't ready. Colette and I thought they'd end up together if he ever figured out his shit. 

And then came Justine. 

Colette's firm had us in Montreal for six months. We loved it there. Colette loved speaking French to everyone all of the time and I found myself working part-time at a sci-fi bookstore. 

One day I get a text from Derrick saying he was in town and had someone that he wanted Colette and I to meet. This sounded huge so Colette and I ordered a meal from our favorite Moroccan restaurant L'Olive Noire. I waited patiently for Colette to get home from work and for our guests to arrive. 

Derrick and Justine's car dropped them at our house around 6:30PM. Derrick looked amazingly fit thanks to his new position at a fitness facility headquarters in Phoenix. He'd bought a house and got a dog but I didn't think he'd truly settled down. 

Justine was beautiful and smart. She was taller than Derrick usually went for but her bronze complexion, unapologetic Afro and glasses were right on brand for Derrick. In our living room she darted right for the television because I was watching an episode of Deep Space 9. "Avery Brooks is my favorite!" she announced to no one in particular. "Get me a sparkling water, please," she said before planting herself on our couch like a ten year old. So Derrick and I headed to the kitchen. 

My first thought was that she'd put a spell on Derrick and I was impressed with her level of witchcraft. As I pulled out a bottle of sparkling water I turned to him to ask how long he and Justine had been together. 

But before I could talk I was caught off guard by what looked like the biggest and brightest wedding ring I'd ever seen. Only my shocked eyes were bigger than that diamond. 

At that point I heard the doorbell ring and went to grab the food. The delivery lady wanted to chat for an extra tip, but I had no time for her. I almost dropped everything as I rushed to get back to the kitchen. 

By then I'd found Derrick buried in a text message and could hear Justine and Colette. Colette must have pulled into the garage while I was grabbing the food. They were in the living room speaking French and laughing up a storm. 

As I unpacked the food I started loading up the thousand questions I had for Derrick. This was big news.

Derrick then took a phone call and started pacing in the hallway talking about exercise equipment and leasing space. So I headed in to check on Colette and Justine. Their conversation in French stopped as I walked in the room. They both turned to me from their huddled position on the couch and then back at each other with the laugh of two old friends. I knew when I was the butt of a joke so I excused myself to get the food ready. 

I got back to the kitchen just in time to see Derrick headed out the front door to take his call on the front porch. As I starting preparing the food Justine walked into the room with a gigantic smile as the aromas of Mediterranean food filled the air. "Colette went to change," Justine said as she tasted each dish with a smile. 

"This new assignment has been a lot of work," I explained as I opened the red wine we'd been saving for a special occasion. "So, how'd did you and Derrick meet?" I asked. 

"The modern way," Justine laughed. "A dating site. We chatted a lot and then he said he was coming here."

What? Derrick met a woman on a website, is just now meeting her for the first time and is now about to propose? What a fucking idiot? Still a fucking asshole!

"You're spilling the wine!" Colette announces as she grabs the glasses from my hands. "You must be hearing the story."

I was almost too shocked to notice the t-shirt and sweatpants that my wife had changed into. The look was a sophisticated casual as always, but it was more casual than I'd ever seen her when we had company. This was her look when she pretended that the outside world didn't exist. The explanation point of this relaxed look was there was clearly no bra between her nipples and her cotton T. I wanted to protest but there were big priorities. 

I inhaled a full glass of that wine so I could get my bearings. Colette and Justine continued in French while they nibbled on our dinner in the kitchen. I drowned out the next thousand questions in my head with another glass of wine. 

I headed to the front door to get some answers from Derrick and found no one there. I stepped outside to see if he was pacing in front of our house. Then my phone buzzed. 

"Thanks brother!" the text from Derrick read. 

He was gone. That asshole. A thousand more fucking questions! I needed more wine. 

When I got back to the kitchen I found Justine standing behind Colette on the opposite side of the island. Justine was giving Colette a shoulder massage and they were speaking in French. "Is Derrick off to propose?" Colette asked once she noticed I was in the room. 

"Propose?" I asked back to Colette because I wanted to know what she knew. 

Justine starts speaking in French and Colette smiles from the words and the massage. "To Alice and Josephine," Colette interprets. 

"To who and who?" I ask. 

Clearly I'm a couple of pages behind everyone else in the room and by the look of it, this massage that's happening in my kitchen is in a chapter I need to catch up to. 

"Derrick is going to propose to both Alice and Josephine in Phoenix," Colette begins to explain with her eyes closed. "They are a throuple. I hear the rings are huge."

"Yeah," I answered slowly. 

Justine was still massaging Colette's neck and shoulders but she was practically whispering in Colette's ear. I could barely hear the French that was being carefully poured into my wife's ear as she exposed her neck in a way that gave me a twinge of jealousy. 

"Derrick met Justine in an online chat group because they were both trying to understand their feelings on being with multiple people," Colette continued to translate. "Derrick was already involved with two women he loved and Justine was looking to test the waters."

At this point I could only see one of Justine hands caressing my wife's shoulders, neck and hair. The mint green nails in Colette's beautiful nappy locs were a sight of perfection. But I was more interested in where her other hand had disappeared to as the French whispering continued to spill. 

"Justine encouraged Derrick to follow his heart and Derrick proposed a way for Justine to explore her new interest," Colette explained as her head wilted forward. 

As I began to catch up to the chapter Justine and Colette were in, Colette pulled away from Justine and headed toward the living room. Colette grabbed Justine by the hand and lead her slowly. Justine bit her lip as she followed in her steps but kept her eyes on me with an apologetic look. When they cleared the island I could see that the sweatpants had disappeared just like Derrick. 

I wondered if I had too many glasses of wine. I wondered if I hadn't had enough wine. I thought to myself how quickly I was supposed to chase them into the living room. I thought to myself how betrayed I could have felt. Then I thought to myself how much I loved Colette so I said a prayer and followed the party. 

In the living room Deep Space Nine was still playing softly in the background. Our oversized winter blanket was spread out on the floor in front of the couch. Justine was still in her dress and Colette was still in her T as they laid next to each other. Justine was still whispering in French. Colette's eyes were still closed. 

"Derrick couldn't stop talking about the perfect couple that he knew that lived in Montreal so Justine had to meet us," Collette continued as I sat to rub her feet. "Our relationship was a model for what he thought he wanted, but there was something missing for him."

I listened as I began to rub both Colette and Justine's feet simultaneously. 

"Between the loving friendship and sci-fi Justine knew she had to meet us," Colette continued. I watched as Justine's manicured fingers crept under Colette's sweatshirt. "Justine asked Derrick if he would introduce us and he said that it would have to be in person. So he flew in for the day to make sure Justine was the right match and then he sent a text... to me."

Momentum is a funny thing. It was at that very moment I froze in what I was doing. I continued to rub their feet and I kept my head down. But I was frozen. I couldn't undo the movement that I was in. But I wasn't actively engaged. 

"Derrick texted me a couple of months ago and told me about Alice and Josephine and the rings," Colette spoke softly as I continued to rub their feet. "I was happy for him but I truly thought the throuple thing was a way for him to sabotage everything. So he asked me to learn more and meet with Justine for coffee."

There was a pause that was filled by our slow caresses and a soft rumbling of the television. 

"Justine and I met last month at a cafe near my office," Colette continued as she opened her eyes and stared at me. "She was beautiful."

I looked at Justine and she blushed. 

"And as I listened to her tell me about the talks she had with Derrick," Colette said, "I realized three things. First off, Derrick was making a good, thought out decision. Second, I would be so jealous if you even looked at Justine. And third, I wanted nothing more than to see Justine fucking you."

I gulped. 

Colette flipped her body toward me and gave me the biggest kiss. It wasn't a hot kiss. It was love. 

"I don't know that I want to want to see her fucking you," Colette explained. "But I couldn't stop thinking about it."

I then flashed back to the last few weeks of orgasms. I knew something was different. I knew something was more intense. 

Colette then pulled down my pants. I was far from hard because there was too much going on. I was nervous like it was my first time. 

Because it was my first time. 

"Maybe it was her French," Colette said as she began caressing my thigh. "Maybe it was because I missed my next appointment because we were talking about Captain Marvel. But I couldn't stop thinking about her. And us."

Then Colette reached back for Justine's hand and pulled her toward us. Her eyes were seeking approval and my smile was what she needed. 

"Am I all caught up now?" I asked. "No ones going to jump out of the closet?"

Our laughter lightened the room.

Then Colette and I gave each other a knowing look. 

"Qu'est-ce que j'ai raté?" Justine asked.

Colette then eases Justine onto her back and straddles her. While she's lightly pinned down, I gently remove Justine's underwear. 

They are very wet. 

I begin kissing Justine's ankles and slowly work my way up. 

Her calves. 

Her knees. 

Her thighs. 

As I listen to a soft conversation in French I am three inches away from two beautiful pussies. My wife is smooth and freshly waxed. Justine is neatly trimmed. In one motion I lick from one pussy to another. Up and down. My tongue zig-zags as their juices press into my face. I'm literally drowning in pussy and I'm loving it. 

From clit to clit I make myself known until I feel the tension and squirming I'm looking for. Justine's thighs are wrapped around my neck like she's holding me down while it feels like she's trying to escape at the same time. Her writhing sends my wife into convulsions until they are both shaking uncontrollably against my face. 

When I finally come up for air I'm drenched. 

The two women quickly recover and push me to my back. I feel their hands working to remove my belt and my socks and my pants and my underwear. I stare at the ceiling as my semi-hard dick finds its way into a mouth and my balls are being licked up and down. It feels like there are 20 hands below my waist. 

That's when I feel the liquid hit me. My eyes widen as I look to my side and see a stack of condoms and our jar of coconut oil. 

I'm not certain whose mouth my dick is in or whose finger is exploring my asshole, but a manicured, mint green finger is gently placed on my lips to shush any concerns I might have. 

As they tag teamed to ravage my groin area I wonder how much they've shared about each other. I am turned on just thinking about them chatting about this moment while they are enjoying green tea and a croissant. 

And then I start to come. 

And we all begin to freeze. 

My wife doesn't like come in her mouth so I can only assume the back of the throat I'm melting into belongs to Justine. 

From the looks on their faces, I could see that they hadn't discussed that particular occurrence. 

Colette looked as though she was in shock as my come continued to fill Justine's mouth. The look was of jealousy and fear and concern until Justine apologetically pulled away. 

The room once again was frozen as their eyes locked with a question of what to do next. 

From somewhere in the depth of my core I summoned the energy to say, "Avale le."

Without breaking eye contact, Justine swallowed my come and Colette simply gasped. She was still in shock but I could see her pelvis trembling. She was having an orgasm and she was a little scared. I immediately sat up and pulled her into me, sucking on her hardened nipples. Justine immediately threw her face into Colette's pussy and performed CPR. 

Colette shook and moaned and begged and gyrated for five minutes. We tried to pull away a couple of times but she begged us not to stop so loud that the neighbors could have heard us. She screamed for God at least a dozen times. 

Eventually the tremors resided and we found ourselves lumped together as I caressed Colette's sweaty brow. 

Justine went to the kitchen and brought back three waters. She sat near us but there was a distance as she focused on the television. Though she caressed Colette's leg, she wanted terribly to disappear. Swallowing my come must have been off the menu and now they didn't know what to do next. 

After an eternity of silence, Colette sat up and spoke softly to Justine in French. The tone was light though I couldn't understand the meaning. Justine laughed quietly and apologized softly. Colette gave her a kiss on the forehead and Justine headed out of the living room. 

"What did you tell her?" I asked. 

"I told her that I didn't know if I wanted her to swallow your come but I understood that it was your request," Colette explained. "I told her that I am happy that everything happened but I still don't know how I feel about her doing something to you that I myself won't do. And I told her that I felt a need to punish her for her action."

I waited patiently while my wife began to kiss me. 

"Sweet husband," she whispered into my ear, "I'm going to need you to take a quick shower before meeting Justine and I in the bedroom. She will be on all fours and I'm going to need you to fuck her like she stole something from me. And I expect this won't be the last time."

With that, my wife rose to her feet and grabbed two condoms before heading back to our bedroom. 

I went to the kitchen for a quick glass of water and saw my phone had a message. It was from Derrick. 

"See you ALL at the wedding!"