 When Jessie walked through the threshold of her bedroom into the hallway and down to the living room where her boys awaited her. A transition happened, Jess no longer the mild mannered journalist, but she transformed into a true sex goddess. The change happened with each step as her Louboutin's made that click, click sound of her stiletto heel against the hardwood floor. She swayed her hips with each step, the plug moving in her ass with her, pressing up against her tender walls of sweetness. She grew in confidence with each step. As the clicking of her heels grew louder in the living room, it served as a warning to the gentleman waiting in the room that play time was over and the Goddess has arrived. She planned to make this a truly religious experience for all involved. The Goddess, her men at her Alter, to worship her with their manhood, the night will be perfect.

"How will I handle 3 cocks at once?" she pondered

She consoled her self in her confidence, they will submit to my control, this night is about me and they are my subjects. She told herself. She cut a perfect figure in her dress that barely covered her modesty, her legs, long and lean, her ass lifted and ready thanks to the 5 inch heels she was wearing. She entered the living room. Instantly the boys stopped and stared. Speechless, she could see the raw lust in their eyes. Jess instantly got wet, this is going to be a special night for all involved. 

Jess glided through the doorway into the living room. Nervous anxiety was thick in the air. Jason offered her his drink, a bourbon. Jess took the drink and had a taste. She pointed to the couch, the boys immediately sat down and were in complete awe of the sex Goddess that had just entered the room. Not a word was spoken, none needed to be said for it would take away from the magic that was about to happen. 

Billy decided to get the ball rolling since the other 2 have been with Jess several times in 3-some's but never in a 4 some. He rose and started to take off his clothes, stripped down to his raw manhood, his cock quite large by any means, met Jess's approval. 9 inches of full rock hard cock.

"That's my boy," she spoke, "Now come here and show me how you work that large cock of yours on this sweet kitty of mine," Jessie told him.

Jason and Leo knew the drill, they started to rip off their clothes also and was stripped bare in a few seconds. There stood Jess, the Sex Goddess, surrounded by 3 nude men, 3 large erect cocks ready to please her.

"Worship me!" commanded Jess, her voice full of anticipation and raw sexual confidence.

Billy knelled in front of Jess, ran his hand up her right thigh. His touch sent a nervous chill up her leg and spine. Causing her rear to flex and bare down on her plug that was putting a slightly uncomfortable pressure on her rear. Jason came in next followed by Leo. She had a man and all sides, in front and to the left and right. Billy bowed his head down to her feet. Gently kissed her black heel, running the tip of his tongue from her toes up to her leg, pass her ankle and knee. His left hand ran up her thigh back to her sexy rear, gently he lifted up her tight form fitting dress and exposed her ass to her boys. 

"Perfection." Billy whispered as he ran his left fingers along the curves of her ass. Running his fingers in the middle of her ass along her left check he touched her plug sending a chill of sexual energy through her body.

"My secret is out," purred Jess. 

Jason gently pulled her dress down off her shoulder popping out her perfectly shaped tits, and amazing they were, full and round an amazing 34C, more than enough to feed her hungry boys. She was fully exposed, the dress pulled up over her hips, and her top down around her waist with her breasts hanging out. Leo gently goes towards her right breast with his month eager to give his Goddess a good licking and kiss. Jess grabs Jason's cock with her right hand, and Leo's with her left and tilts her head back exposing her next to Jason to nibble on. Right on cue Jason runs his lips up to her neck and both kisses and softly bites her along her neck and upper shoulder. 

Billy started in on Jess, still on his knees in front of her, running his fingers into her wet and waiting pussy. Glistening with wetness from anticipation and desire, Billy gently runs his tongue over her wet folds causing her to moan in delight. The boys guide her over to the couch and have her sit down. Still with 2 cocks in her had she sits and opens her legs for Billy to continue to tongue fuck her. Billy starts to tongue her pussy tasting the amazing sweetness from his newly discovered Sex Goddess. He then runs his tongue along the jewel of her butt plug as it sparkles with her wetness. 

Jess then takes Jason's cock in her mouth, glancing up at him, she knows that he cannot resist the sight of her and those eyes looking up at him. She feels his body shudder in ecstasy from the sensation of her lips and tongue on his throbbing cock. All 7 inches of him sliding in and out of her mouth, her teeth gently gliding up and down is shaft to the head of his cock. Gently working her teeth with each thrust, not too hard, just enough to let Jason know who is in charge for the evening. 

Leo still standing on her other side was getting a hand job and wanting more. Jess noticed this and took Jason's cock out of her mouth and turns her head to Leo and purred, "Don't think I forgot about my Leo now do you?"

Leo didn't say a word and let her draw his cock into her mouth. Back and forth giving him the same treatment she just gave Jason. Working Jason's cock with her hand she pulled Leo's cock out and spit on Jason's cock to help her hand slide better. Then back to Leo she went, gently moaning with with each thrust of his cock.

Billy was still working on her pussy, which was extremely wet as she neared her first orgasm of the evening. He felt her tense up in anticipation of her cumming. Gently he reached up with his hands and inched her rear to the front edge of the couch exposing her plugged ass. He then went in with his tongue to give her a rim job, following the curves of the plug long her amazing ass. 

This caused her to arch her back and orgasm. She pulled out Leo's cock and let out a small yelp to let Billy know she was going to cum. With each pulse of her pussy a clear sweet liquid ran out of her onto Billy's face and lips. He instantly went in with is tongue to lap up her juices. This in turn caused her to orgasm again, this time more intense. This caused her anus to relax then tighten up on the shaft of the plug that filled her ass and intensified her orgasm. 

After she came, Billy stood up and bent over to Jessica's face and kissed her, deeply with his tongue, so she could taste her cum and juices. "Nothing but the best for my Goddess," whispered Billy as he went back down to her pussy and ass. 

Jess went back to sucking both Jason's and Leo's cock. Taking turns on each cock, a few seconds on each, then switch to the other. She felt her legs tremble as she tried to steady herself, but her high heeled legs was making that difficult. She then swung her left leg up and wrapped it around Billy's neck pulling him in closer and tighter to her pussy. Her leg flexed and pinned his head in place. Jess then noticed the mirror above the fireplace that was slightly tilted down at the couch. She saw herself in the mess of manhood that stood around her.

"Damn I look good!" she thought to herself as she peaked at the mirror. No one would ever believe that the mild mannered shy girl was now in the middle of a 3 on one gang bang. She looked like a true Sex Goddess in her Louboutin 'So Kates' and the skin tight dress that at this point was a strip of material surrounding her midsection. Ass plugged, a man's tongue in her pussy and two cocks that eagerly lusted after her oral skills. "

"More!" She thought to herself, she wanted more, she wanted to filled with her boy's cocks and fuck them until she made them cum.

Jess then took Jason's cock of her mouth and release her leg from around Billy's neck. 

"Fuck me now Billy!" commanded the Sex Goddess.

Billy stood up, fully erect and face slightly red from being held down by Jess's leg while he serviced his Goddess orally. She glances up at him with her magical brown eyes and with some of her golden blonde slightly messed up and said, "My Billy has been working hard down there, now come and get your prize."

Billy then took her tanned legs, still in those sexy heels, in his arms, one in each and worked his engorged cock closer to her wet pussy. Gently putting is head into her folds he hears her moan in pleasure. Deeper and deeper he goes into his Goddess. His knees buckle from the ecstasy of being inside of her, so tight, so wet. Feeling her pulse with each trust almost causes him to cum, but he paced himself, he was saving himself for the right time to glisten his cum on his Goddess. 

Sweat started to drip off Billy's forehead onto Jess. The heat from 4 bodies intertwined in passion was intense. Leo worked his cock close to her mouth, he wasn't done with getting his cock sucked by her. Jason was content for the moment getting jacked off by Jess.

Each thrust caused her to moan and yell in muted pleasure. Her legs up high on Billy's strong muscular shoulders. It was obvious to her that he worked out to have such an athletic and muscular body. Her long high heeled legs looked so tan as she glistened with heat of the passion that Billy had unleashed on her.

Jason was done, and he wanted more. Jess noticed this and gently pushed Billy away from her. Jason came over between her legs and before he can enter her Jess rises. Her legs wobbly from Billy's frontal assault on her pussy. Her legs weak in her heels, she leaned down on the arm of the couch to brace herself. 

"Billy, get on the floor Baby, I want to suck your cock while these studs fuck me," Jess directs Billy.

Billy laid on the floor on his back, his Goddess lowered herself on his muscular body, head hovering over his cock, her pussy above his face. Slowly she starts to suck Billy, trying to take all 9 inches of him in her mouth. Wet and powerful she slobbed on his head. Causing him to almost cum again. Jason was eager to fuck his girl gets on his knees and enters her pussy from the rear. 

Jess then lowers her hips onto Billy's face and commands him to eat her out as Jason fucks her. Billy starts to tongue her clit as Jason's large cock works back and forth, his balls bouncing against Billy's forehead and eyes. Jason pulls out his cock and Billy takes him in his mouth. Sucking his cock as Jess sucks his. Leaving a spot open for Leo to enter, he kneels down and enters Jessie. Jason has never had his cock sucked by another man before and decided to push his limits that evening. Billy reached up and started to jack off Jason and he worked his cock back and forth in his mouth. 

Leo finally got into Jess, and with each powerful thrust made her aware that he didn't like waiting to be the last one inside of her. Jess pulled Billy's cock out of her mouth and leaned her head against his side and let out a loud scream of pleasure at Leo's fucking. Billy only noticed the scent of her hair and the heat of her breath on him. 

"More, fuck me more!" screamed Jess. 

Billy decides that he wanted her ass at that moment. He gently pushes Jess off his body and gets up. Jason takes his queue and sits on the couch. Jess maneuvered herself onto Jason and his wet cock. She slid him into her waiting pussy, wet and a little sore from the triple fucking she was having that evening. Billy bent over and gently pulled her plug from her ass. Jessie's ass gently pulled on the plug as Billy worked it out of her, causing her to moan in delight and ecstasy. Her anal muscles stretched and followed the curves of the plug's bulb until it snapped back in place leaving her ass opened to a cock. 

"You won't be needing this anymore this evening," remarked Billy.

He then took the plug and slowly inserted it in his ass. The instant sensation of the warm plug that was just in his Goddess almost made him cum again. The pressure against his prostate caused his cock to throb in anticipation of fucking her again. 

Jess waiting ass, with her heels still on and on top of Jason's cock was more than Billy could handle. He went over to her ass and with is hand he guided his massive cock into Jess's ass slowly, not too much, working the head of his cock into her wet waiting ass. Her ass was accepting of his massive dick.

"More you fucker!" demanded Jessie.

Billy then thrusted all of his cock into her ass, causing her to arch her back and let out a whelp of painful screaming. Billy reached over and pulled her matted hair and pulled. This made her arch her back more to an almost painful state. 

"How's that my Goddess?" growled Billy

"Fuck yes!" screamed Jess. Her ass and pussy full of cock. Her eyes rolling up into her head from the dicking she was receiving from her boys.

Leo took this opportunity to go next to the couch and work his cock near Jessie's face and mouth, he wanted his cock sucked again. Jess had another idea. 

She looked up and him and said, "i want 2 cocks in my pussy while Billy fucks my ass."

Leo was a bit confused, and so was the other 2 guys. How in the world are they going to do that? thought Billy.

Billy moved a bit over to his right and left a small space for Leo to step inside of and try to work his cock into her pussy. With not a lot of room to maneuver, Leo got the head of his cock into Jess's tight pussy between Jason's cock and Billy's cock pressing down from her ass left little room for his dick. Leaning his hips and legs again Billy's side he pressed for more space to work. Billy leaned more, allow Leo the room he needed to get his cock fully into Jessie's sweet tight pussy. 

The body heat and sweat from four bodies fucking was intense. Everything was slippery and covered in sweat. Jess let out a loud scream of both pleasure and pain as Leo's cock pressed further up into her body. This caused Billy to thrust harder into her ass. With each thrust in rhythm from her boys caused her to cum again. She had never felt this full before or sexually satisfied. She wondered how other women are satisfied with only one cock. She then dug her heel into Billy's thigh.

"You like that don't you, fucking freak!" Jess snapped at Billy.

This caused Billy to arch his back and cum instantly in Jess's tight asshole. The sensation of her heel in his thigh plus the gripping of his cock by her ass was more than he could handle. Pulling on her hair as he cam in her backside. Pulling hard with every thrust of cum. Billy didn't stop to pull out. He kept his cock inside of her ass. Fucking her and moaning with every thrust as cum started to leak out of her ass onto Leo and Jason's cocks. The cum acted as lube on Jess's boiling hot pussy and made both boys to cum at the same time in her hot box. 

The boys didn't stop fucking even after they came. The cum leaked out of her pussy onto Jason's legs and the couch below. Billy was the first to pull out. Cum dangling from the head of his cock. He pulled Jessie's hair again and made her turn her head towards his cock.

"Clean off my cock, fuckin' freak," demanded Billy in his southern drawl. 

Jess was afraid at first but the look in Billy's eyes told her she needed to suck his cock right then and now. She took his wet cum covered cock in her mouth and with her tongue started to clean off his cum and her ass juices. Her backside numb from his cock, but his cum tasted sweet and she eagerly finished the job. Leo was next for this post orgasm cock sucking. His cock tasted of cum and pussy as cum ran down her glistening face dripping off her chin onto her chest and tits. Her makeup was a mess, so hot and wet she thought. She got up off of Jason and immediately went to her knees and sucked him off to finish her boys off. 

"A good girl always cleans up her messes!" smiled Jess. 

Billy noticed the rug burn on her knees. Funny thought Jess, she didn't notice the pain until Billy said something. To caught up in the moment from the intense, hot and sweaty 4 some she just pulled.

"War wounds," growled Billy to Jess. She just looked up and smiled.

Leo walked over to the kitchen in the buff and returned with bottles of water. Sorely needed refreshment after the intense fucking. All four of them sat in the living room. Billy in a chair, still nude and with a smile on his face. Jess, Leo and Jason sat on the cum and sweat soaked couch. Jess in her heels and smeared makeup still looked amazing as ever. 

"Natural beauty," remarked Billy. 

This caused the rest of the group to laugh, sort of breaking up the awkward post sex silence that had taken over the room.

"I just hope the cleaners can save this couch!" joked Jessie. 

This got another laugh out of the group. Billy started to get up and gather his clothes. He bent over and started to pull out the plug. 

Jess stopped him and said, "Keep in in, sort of a souvenir from this evening."

"OK," replied Billy

"But I want to come back and see if they were able to clean the couch," he joked.

"Sounds like a date..." replied Jess.