 I have what might be considered a fairly geeky job, as an engineer. I went to a technical school, studied math and science, and became a professional engineer all in good time, so I have a pretty good job. Not only that, but I'm pretty good at what I do. But, I should beg to point out that I am not a geek. In fact, I'm probably not a bad looking guy at all - tall, dark complexion, athletic build, a runner's look. And I like working out, running and biking, and swimming. So, I've not really had much difficulty in gaining the ladies' attentions.

Unusual for an engineer, though, is the fact that I am a musician. I play in a local band that performs regularly at a local tavern, in one of the trendy spots in town. I enjoy playing, and I really like the way that I can play to a crowd and get them happy and excited. And because this is a very popular place in town, there are usually a lot of really good looking people there, men and women alike.

The last time that we played at this tavern, though, led to one of the truly memorable experiences of my life. The night began like all others, with the place half-empty, my partner and I setting up the equipment, drinking a beer, and talking. And as we began playing, I performed my customary audit of the crowd. The usual types were in abundance… girls in tight dresses with expensive haircuts and too much make-up, guys in pretentious clothes with slick hair and obvious attitudes. As the night progressed, the room became smoky, and there was a lot of drinking, but the crowd was getting into our songs more and more.

Then, something caught my eye and did not let go. At a table not far from the back, almost oblivious to our performance, sat a trio of people who looked completely out-of-place. Two women sat across the table from one guy. The women were casual, comfortable, and beautiful, in a simple way. One was a redhead, a stunning thing to me as I am very fond of redheads, with long wavy naturally red hair and a light, freckled face. Her face was bright, pretty, and happy - she laughed easily, with a slightly crooked smile that seemed to evaporate all pageantry. Next to her sat a very tall woman with jet black hair and a more exotic look, who smiled as often, but with a more wicked approach to her smile. She was full figured, but also athletic looking, and her hair and facial features told me that she did not suffer fools. Their male companion had his back to me, but I could tell from his T-shirt and khaki shorts that he was not one of the Fashion Victims that this bar seemed to attract.

What they were doing here, I could hardly know, but I figured that they were in the neighborhood, and decided to drop in. I expected them to merely finish their beers and leave. But, as we launched into "If I Had a Million Dollars," the redhead perked up noticeably, and sang with the sing-along parts at the top of her lungs. From then on, she was more animated and interested in what the band was doing. And she kept my eye the rest of that set.

As I made my way to the bar during a break, she happened to be walking past to visit the ladies room and introduced herself as Erin. The conversation was brief, but there was more than a hint of chemistry that passed between us. She gave me her smile, which was completely beautiful, and headed on to the bathroom. Nothing more was said that night, and we finished playing and went home as usual.

Two nights later, we played another bar, this time a funkier and less pretentious place, where we could let our hair down and do songs that were less refined and out of the ordinary. Before we even began playing, I saw Erin walk in with the same two friends. She saw me, waved, and came to speak. Pleasantries were exchanged, and she introduced me to her friends, a married couple named Matt and Julie. As we began playing, the positioned themselves at a table near our stage, and made excellent requests, and completely enjoyed the evening with us. During the song "Laid" I dedicated it to “my new friend Erin”, and watched her blush a bit… but then she sang every word of the song, and made a special point of looking at me and mouthing the words, in an exaggerated manner, when I sang "but she only comes when she's on top." It was obvious that we were both attracted to one another. How far would this go?

After our last set, which ended at about 1am, as I was breaking down my equipment, she offered to buy me a beer, which I gladly accepted. We talked while I finished up, and she proved herself to be witty, smart, and fast on her feet. As I unloaded the last box, and was waiting to get paid, I asked her if she was interested in a nightcap at a local all-night bar. She paid her tab, and told her friends not to wait up for her, and we left. It turned out that she lived with them, and was renting a downstairs apartment while she was finding a new place to stay after her divorce. It turns out that they were some old friends from college.

And we stayed at the bar until about 4, enjoying each others company and talking, and finding out about each other. While I can appreciate a woman strictly for her beauty, I don’t particularly care for women who can’t hold up their end of a complicated conversation. She kept me completely engrossed in our banter, until last call flushed us out into the street.

I was taking her home when she asked where I lived and how far away it was. Up until that point, while I was certainly enraptured by her beauty, it had never really occurred to me to take it to any more steps quite that suddenly. And my look of surprise must have been apparent, because she laughed and said "hey, it's not like it's our FIRST date." So, I turned the car in the direction of my house, and she put my hand in hers and moved closer to me, nuzzling into my neck.

We were so tired when we got to my place; we just collapsed on the plush sofa and relaxed. I put an ambient mix CD on the stereo, and we held each other, and simply fell asleep. Her soft rhythmic breathing lulled me into a very deep sleep, from which we did not awake until the late morning when the sun began to creep up over the house.

We nervously awoke, and realizing our situation, began to laugh. But our laugh turned into a hug, which turned into a kiss. And the next thing we knew, we were less-than-nervously stripping each other of clothes and scampering back to my king size bed where we fell into the soft sheets and the unmade comforter. We made love all day, learning about each other's bodies and what made each other tick. I found that she was an amazing lover, full of inventive postures, and genuinely multi-orgasmic. She brought me to places I had forgotten about, with a passion and knowledge of how a man wants to be fucked. It was the most blissful day of lovemaking I had ever spent.

That night, as she needed to go home and change, etc, she offered for me to stay with her. I asked her if this was cool with her landlords and she smiled and said "they don't mind at all!" Her place was private, as it turns out, on the bottom floor of a spacious, large house. The rooms were cozy, comfortable, and cloistered from the upstairs.

But, not so cloistered as to feel completely protected. And as it would happen, Erin was not a quiet lover. She came loudly and often, talking quite a bit about what pleased her and how she wanted to please me. It was startling at first for her to be so bold with the other couple upstairs. As the night progressed, it became apparent to us that we were not the only ones in the house making love. The sounds of Julie and Matt came through the ceiling in a muffled sound. Julie, too, was a noisy woman when she was fucking. As their room was directly overhead, their fucking only added to the excitement of our own fucking. And eventually, after a couple of hours of this, we all settled down for a sleepy break.

At about midnight, however, Erin got up to pee, and then went upstairs for some water. She was gone for a while when I heard the sound of giggling at the top of her stairs, and overheard her whispering something to Julie, which prompted a giggle from her as well. The next thing I knew, the two of them were both headed downstairs. I quickly reached for the sheet to cover myself up and found myself confronted with Julie and Erin, both completely naked, arm in arm. Erin said "you should know that Julie and Matt and I are also lovers from time to time, and we were wondering if you would like to go upstairs into the master bedroom for some fun?"

While Erin's body was tight and thin, with small pale breasts, Julie was a statuesque, broader beauty. The sight of these two women stirred all of the lust and passion left in me, and I took Julie's outstretched hand and wordlessly followed the lovely ladies up the two flights of stairs into the master bedroom.

Matt was lying on the king size bed, half asleep, naked, and Erin jumped on the bed and ran her finger down his spine, rousing him suddenly. He looked at her and smiled, looked to his wife and then noticed me in the room… he made no move to cover himself. He was well built, slender like me, with a larger than average cock. Julie pulled me to the bed with her and gave me a kiss that tasted of peppermint. She was obviously a woman who enjoyed control and authority, and she rolled me onto my back between her and Erin. Erin gave me a kiss that mingled with Julie's, and the two women shared a kiss over my face, with their breasts bobbing in my face. I took Julie's large breast and sucked on the nipple to get it hard, and felt Erin's breast nuzzling into my ear. One hand reached down and grasped my cock which was hard and still coated with Erin's come. Matt moved around to get a better view of these two women as they fondled and sucked on each other, over my body, with my cock in their hands. The sight of it was exquisite, and I was left without knowing what to do at all. So I let them take charge, as they wanted to all along.

Erin positioned herself on my face, and turned to Julie and said "you won't believe how good this guy gives head. No offense, Matt, but he's got the best…. Mmmm…" she was cut off as my tongue dove into her pussy, still tangy with my come from the fucking she had gotten earlier. She fucked my face moving back and forth as my tongue lapped at her wetness like a cat. The next thing I knew, while my face was becoming slick with her juices, Julie moved over me and positioned herself to accept my cock. She pushed down on me, and filled herself up, with a pronounced moan. And, finally, unexpectedly, I felt Matt's hand fondling my balls and Julie's ass while she moved up and down on my cock. A solid, mass of fucking bodies we were, with Erin and Julie matching orgasms one for one. Julie seemed to especially like it when I took her clit in my teeth and sucked it in really hard, flicking my tongue across the tip. Julie would ride down to the base of my cock, push hard against me, and begin moaning as she flexed against my cock. Having Matt's hands beneath my balls was even more exciting than I could imagine. As I began to feel myself about to explode, Erin jumped off my face and allowed Julie to fall on my chest, kissing me hard and passionately, as she experienced another shuddering orgasm.

Erin had pulled Matt onto her and he was inside of her wet pussy, fucking her slowly and hard. She was completely oblivious to our presence, so Julie and I began to play with both Matt's and Erin's nipples. This served to intensify their lust, and they turned to look at us, pure erotic tension in the air. Matt rolled over on his back, with Erin on top of him and she sat up to start fucking him. So, I reached around him to feel his balls and her pussy as he fucked her. Her juices had flowed over his balls, and they were slick. Suddenly, I felt him tighten up and his hips arched as he neared orgasm. Erin rode up and down on his cock, and I moved around to watch has he approached his orgasm. Julie found my cock in her hands, and began to suck on the head while jacking off the shaft. Matt's orgasm trigged Erin's, and I could see the semen dripping down his shaft, his balls tight and distended, as Erin continued to move up and down on his glistening cock. Julie found my hot spot, and began to pump my cock in earnest, and finally, with a massive thrust, I came in her mouth. She let my come dribble off onto the sheet, and after jerking the last bit out of my cock, reached up to give me a milky, come coated kiss.

And we all collapsed on the bed, Erin, me, Julie, Matt, and slept peacefully with the smell of sex and sweat in our heads and our hands, our breathing slowing to a slow, gentle rhythm.

Needless to say, I got to know all three of them really well.