 Peter and his wife Felicity sat in their reserved seats in the carriage, waiting for the train to leave Kings Cross. Their conversation was interrupted by the sound of young female voices, laughing and giggling outside in the corridor. The door to their compartment flew open and in walked four scantily clad young girls, chattering away excitedly. They stopped as they spotted Peter and Felicity and then one of them said "Okay, so who's got the short straw sitting next to gramps?"

As they all checked their tickets, a slim brunette said, "Looks like it's me Sasha." At which she sat down next to Peter and smiled.

"Hi," she said, "my name's Susie and these three losers are Sasha, Cindy and Kat."

Peter was quite bemused by the introduction and introduced himself and Felicity, who just about managed a smile in the girls' direction.

"You'll have to excuse Fliss," he said, "she suffers from travel sickness and isn't the best company on these journeys." Turning to his wife, he asked "Do you want your sleeping pills now honey?"

She nodded yes, and he reached into his pocket and extracted a small box, handing it to her. She took two tablets from the packet and swallowed them with a swig from a water bottle she was holding, before handing the box back to her husband.

"That's it love; you'll be sparko in no time." said Peter as Fliss reached into the bag at her feet and removed a small travel pillow, which she placed behind her head.

By this time the train had started pulling out of the station. The three girls sitting opposite Peter had begun to chat amongst themselves and Susie had got a compact mirror from her bag and was checking her make-up.

Peter opened up the paper that was on his lap and began reading. He had a long journey ahead of him and, with his wife out for the count, wasn't envisaging any stimulating conversation with his fellow travellers.

His reading was frequently interrupted by giggles from the girls and he would occasionally glance over at them to check out what they were up to. They appeared to mainly be looking at things on their phones, sometimes showing the other girls what they were looking at.

About a half hour into the journey, he looked across at the girls for the umpteenth time. This time his eyes were transfixed; all three of them were sitting with their legs splayed apart and with the short skirts they were wearing he could see all three pairs of knickers. The girl sitting opposite him was Sasha and her knickers were so tight he could make out her camel toe.

"Enjoying the view," asked Susie, as she noticed a quickly developing bulge in Peter's trousers. The other three girls all giggled at this but made no effort to cover themselves.

"I uh .... I was ... Umm ... I was thinking about something..." said Peter.

"Yeah and I can see exactly what you were thinking about," said Susie. "So, is the missus out for the count for a while?"

"She'll be dead to the world till we reach Edinburgh" came the reply.

"Oooh, I was hoping you'd be going all the way," chipped in Sasha.

The other girls all laughed at this as Peter lightly blushed. He tried to return his attention to his newspaper but felt a hand on the crotch of his trousers.

"Poor thing looks trapped in there," said Susie, "How about we give it some room to move."

At this she reached for Peter's flies and unzipped them, putting her hand inside and surfacing with his semi- erect cock. She stroked it lightly and it twitched and hardened under her touch. The other girls were all watching excitedly, wondering how far Susie would go.

"Looks like you were wrong about the short straw Sash," said Susie, "Quite an impressive one if you ask me. I wonder what drink I can get if I suck it."

At this she lowered her head and took the tip of Peter's cock between her lips.

"Wow, pre-cum already- you were getting excited, weren't you?" said Susie, before returning her mouth to the task quite literally in hand.

Cindy got up and pulled the blinds down on the internal windows and the door to prevent any passers-by from seeing what was happening in the compartment and then returned to her seat, where she proceeded to stroke herself through her panties. Looking along the seat, she could see that Sasha and Kat were already working their pussies with their fingers. She smiled, "Looks like it's not going to be a boring journey after all girls," she said.

Susie was now working her head up and down the thick shaft beneath her, taking more and more of it into her mouth with each descent. Peter's left hand had entwined its fingers in her long brown hair, stroking her head as her mouth worked its magic on his cock. He was groaning and closed his eyes to savour the pleasure of this unexpected blow-job.

He heard other moaning coming from one or more of the other girls and opened his eyes. He was treated to the sight of all three of them stroking themselves. This caused a further moan to emerge from his mouth and he involuntarily licked his lips at the sight before him.

Sasha, who was immediately opposite, noticed his tongue and pulled her knickers to the side, exposing her shiny wet lips.

"You can use that here when Susie's finished with you," she said, watching Peter's face as she slowly inserted a finger into her hole.

"Oh fuck," said Peter as he strengthened his grip on Susie's head and pushed her mouth down hard on his cock.

Looking across at the window seat, Peter noticed that Kat had lowered the straps of her top and was playing with her breasts with one hand whilst continuing to stroke her pussy with the other.

"Gorgeous," he said as he eyed the small, pert breasts being squeezed.

Kat looked over at him. "Would you like a suck?" she asked.

Peter nodded eagerly, and Kat rose and walked across to him, bending her upper body forward above the pistoning head of Susie. Peter opened his mouth and took Kat's left nipple between his lips and sucked; he removed his hand from Susie's head and grabbed Kat's right breast, squeezing it as if trying to extract some milk. Kat placed her hands behind his neck and pulled him further on to her breast.

"That's it grandad," she said, "They're only small, see if you can get the whole thing in your mouth."

Peter opened his mouth as wide as he could and was rewarded with a mouthful of warm, soft flesh, which he sucked on and worked his tongue over.

"Mmmm," said Kat, "you're good. And good boys get rewards." With that she extracted her breast from his mouth and pulled away. She reached down and pulled her knickers to the side exposing her clean-shaven pussy to his gaze before returning to her seat where she resumed pleasuring her pussy while staring at Peter's cock as it appeared and disappeared in Susie's mouth.

Susie removed her mouth from his cock and began to stroke it, using both hands.

"Come on daddy, give me your load," she said.

Peter knew he was on the verge of a climax and pulled her head back over his knob just as his first spurt erupted. Susie swallowed eagerly, stroking his cock to encourage all of his cum into her mouth. When he had finished, she licked her lips and returned to her seat.

No sooner had Susie left him than Sasha was beckoning him with her finger as she used her other hand to splay the lips of her pussy.

Peter glanced at his sleeping wife before getting on his hands and knees and placing his head between Sasha's spread thighs. He inhaled and enjoyed the fresh, slightly musky smell of her pussy. He stuck out his tongue and explored her lips, moving his tongue slowly and lightly over her sex, enjoying the taste of the juices she had caused by her fingering.

"That's it Petie," she said. "My dad is always telling me I should try an experienced man -- though I think he had himself in mind."

Peter groaned at the thought of incest and a picture of his own daughter flashed across his mind. The thought of licking his Hazel's sweet young pussy engrained itself into his brain and he thrust his tongue into Sasha's honeypot causing her to let out a loud moan. She grabbed his head with a hand either side and worked her pussy on his tongue. He was eagerly lapping up her juices which were flooding from her sodden pussy; her juices were coating his face and dripping onto his shirt.

"Can I feel your breasts?" he asked.

"Sure," said Sasha as she worked her top up and off over her head, before unclipping her bra.

Peter reached up with his right hand and cupped first one then the other of the tits on offer. They were bigger than Kat's and he wondered how Hazel's breasts would feel in his hand. He wanted to suck them, nibble on the nipples; he wanted to rub his cock in the valley between them and come on Hazel's pretty face. He groaned as the lecherous thoughts took over his mind. He was licking Sasha furiously now and thrusting his tongue into her hole as far as he could get it.

"That's it Petie, fuck me with your tongue. When you've made me come I want your cock to fill me up," said Sasha.

Cindy had got up from her seat to get a better view of Peter eating Sasha's pussy. "Tastes good doesn't it," she said, "I had some of that for breakfast."

"No wonder you two took so long to get ready," said Susie as she laughed.

"So, Peter," said Cindy, "will your missus sleep through anything?"

"Almost definitely," answered Peter, "I fucked her once and she was oblivious."

"That's what I was hoping to hear," said Cindy as she turned and crossed over to where Fliss was sleeping. She knelt in front of her and worked the hem of her dress up her thighs.

"Nice legs," said Cindy as she stroked the smooth, lightly tanned skin, "Oooh silk panties; these feel so nice." She ran the palm of her hand over the front of Fliss's knickers, moving it slowly down until she came to the crotch, where she started to stroke with her fingers.

"I need to taste what's underneath these," she said as she grabbed the sides of the knickers with both hands and tried to work them down. It wasn't easy with the dead weight of Fliss bearing down on them but with some effort Cindy managed to work them free and then pulled them down Fliss's legs and off over her shoes. She pulled apart Fliss's legs and the smell of pussy invited her in; she slowly lowered her mouth whilst looking up at Fliss for any signs of awakening. She had always found the smell of pussies intoxicating and this one was no different; her tongue almost involuntarily left her mouth and gently explored the folds of flesh before her. She let out a low moan as she savoured the taste of the older woman's juices which had started to leak from her hole. As she licked and sucked on the pussy in front of her, she lowered her left hand to her own pussy and began to play with herself again.

Susie and Kat were enjoying the shows going on before them and were busy caressing their own mounds. Susie had a birds-eye view of Peter as he continued to lap at Sasha's honeypot and Kat, who was sitting opposite Fliss had the perfect view of what Cindy was doing.

Their enjoyment was interrupted when the door to the compartment opened.

"Tickets please," came a voice as a young, fresh-faced man of about nineteen entered the compartment. He stopped dead in his tracks as his eyes took in the scene before him and his face turned crimson. "I... I'll come back later," he said. He turned to exit and found Susie blocking his path.

"I've got something much nicer than a ticket to show you," she said as she hiked up her short skirt and flashed her pussy at him.

The young lad looked down and his face went even redder.

"Umm -- I need to get on with my job," he said as he tried to get around Susie.

Susie looked at the name badge on his uniform. "Grant, that's a nice name," she said, "How about you grant me a wish?" at which she placed her hand on the front of his trousers. "Feels like you've got something there that wants to come out and play," she added.

Susie motioned to Kat who rose from her seat and stood behind Grant. She placed her hands around his chest and began to unbutton his jacket and then his shirt; running her hands over his young, firm pecs.

"I've never .... I haven't.." mumbled Grant struggling to form a sentence.

"What?" asked Susie, smiling. "You've never fucked a girl? Never done it on a train?

"Never even had a girlfriend," Grant managed as he enjoyed the feeling of Kat's hands exploring his chest.

"Here," said Susie, as she took one of his hands and placed it on her breast. "We are going to turn you into a man."

Grant just left his hand where Susie had placed it.

"Feel it, fondle it, explore it," she told him as her hand continued to work on his growing cock.

Grant did as he was instructed and began to squeeze the breast in his hand.

"Not too hard Granty," said Susie, "they can be quite tender if squeezed too hard."

"Sorry," said Grant as he reduced the strength of his grasp.

"Nice body," said Susie, admiring the chest that had been exposed by Kat's handiwork. "Now let's see what you've got hiding in here for us."

She unbuckled his belt and undid his trousers, letting them slide down his legs to the ground.

"Y fronts" she laughed, "I didn't think these things still existed."

Kat had got down on her knees and yanked his underwear down from behind.

"Nice butt," she said as she started to plant kisses on his arse cheeks while moulding them with her hands.

"You should see the lovely bit of god's creation at the front here," said Susie as she, too, lowered herself to her knees. Her hand was slowly pumping Grant's cock and she placed her mouth against his knob before lightly licking the tip of his cock. Cum spurted all over her face as Grant's cock erupted.

"God, I'm sorry," said Grant embarrassedly.

"I should have expected it," said Susie, "I forgot you haven't had a girl before. My fault."

She went to her bag to get some tissues to clean the cum off her face and top. When she turned back, Grant had his back to her and Kat was all over him. She had removed his jacket and shirt and was kissing him passionately on the mouth while her hands explored his back and arse. His cock was already getting hard again and Kat felt it nudging against her pussy. She looked down and smiled, "Someone looks like they're ready for some more fun," she said.

"You don't mind do ya Susie?" she asked as she grabbed hold of Grant by the dick and pulled him to the seats vacated by Peter and Susie.

"No, you have some fun," said Susie as she sat in what had been Cindy's seat.

Kat lay herself down on the two seats, raised her bum and removed her knickers, which she then tossed on the floor. She pulled Grant towards her and pulled him on top of her, guiding his cock to the entrance to her pussy. Instinctively he pushed in.

"God, that's fantastic," he said, "I'm not hurting you, am I?"

"You're such a sweetie Grant. No, you're not hurting me -- now start pumping; I want you to push that thing all the way inside me!"

Grant gently lowered himself onto Kat's body and kissed her. She responded keenly and stuck her tongue into his mouth, licking his tongue and exploring. His hips had developed a regular rhythm and Kat was grunting with pleasure.

"You need to get yourself a girlfriend, Grant," said Kat, "This cock is too good to go to waste."

Grant smiled, "Perhaps I could take your number," he said.

"Hell, I'll give you all our numbers," said Kat, "If I'm not available one of the others is likely to be up for a shag. Right now, however, concentrate on what you're doing!"

They were disturbed by a loud cry coming from Sasha as she grasped Peter's head and pulled it hard against her pussy. Her juices gushed out all over his face as she fell back against her seat.

"Now I want you to fuck me," said Sasha as she stood up. "Sit down," she commanded.

Peter sat in the seat vacated by Sasha. His cock was standing up to attention and Sasha eyed it hungrily. She removed her knickers and straddled Peter, lowering her pussy on to his waiting member.

"I think I've died and gone to heaven," he said as her pussy slowly engulfed his throbbing cock.

Her breasts were right in front of his face and he started to suck on them one at a time; switching his attention every so often. His hands had a firm grasp on her arse cheeks and he was squeezing them as she slowly started to grind on his cock,

"Oooh, that's soooo good," said Sasha.

"It sure the fuck is," replied Peter.

Grant couldn't last for long as his inexperienced cock enjoyed the feeling of being stroked by the inside of Kat's pussy; he spurted his load inside her.

"Oh my God. I'm so sorry -- I haven't got you pregnant, have I?" he stuttered.

Kat laughed, "Don't worry Granty boy, I'm on the pill. Could have done with you lasting a bit longer though."

"I'm sorry," apologised Grant, "I've never felt anything so good. My hand is certainly a poor second to that."

Kat and Susie both laughed at this as Grant got back into his clothes. Kat took his phone from him and entered her own and the other three girls' numbers in his phone. As he hadn't heard all their names and would have been unlikely to remember them she entered them under "Train girls" and annotated each number with their names ad hair colour.

"There," she said, handing the phone back to him, "that'll have to do -- try to remember our hair colours -- I've differentiated between me and Susie over there as long brown and short brown."

"I need to get back to checking tickets," said Grant, "Thanks girls -- I'll never forget this journey."

"Come back and see us again, if you get bored," said Kat, "You've still got another three pussies to try out!"

Grant blushed as he took a quick look around before leaving the carriage. Cindy was still working her tongue and a couple of fingers into Fliss's pussy, whose right arm had lowered onto the back of Cindy's head. She appeared to still be asleep but her hand appeared to be encouraging the licking that she was getting. Sasha was bouncing up and down on Peter's cock, her breasts bouncing as Peter tried to grope and lick them and Susie was just stroking her pussy as she watched the others at play,

"Do come back," said Susie, "we really need more than one cock to keep us occupied. It's a long way to Edinburgh."

Shortly after Grant had left, the train started to slow down.

"Shit, we must be pulling into a station," said Susie.

At this Sasha increased the speed of her thrusts. "Come on Peter, give me your load," she said.

Cindy stopped licking Fliss's pussy and closed her legs together, picking up the knickers and placing them on her seat before she sat down.

In a very short space of time, Peter came, Sasha replaced her top and hid her bra in her bag and all of the girls and Peter returned to their seats. Cindy pulled the blinds up so that anyone looking for a seat would see that the compartment was full without having to enter.

As the train pulled into the station, Kat read the sign "York," she said, "so what's that about two hours done and two to go?"

Peter confirmed that she was about right as he sat in his seat thinking about the eventful journey so far and wondering what the second half had in store for him.