 As the train pulled out of York station and the flow of passengers past their compartment had stopped, Cindy pulled the blinds down again.

Peter was looking a bit the worse for wear; his shirt had wet marks from Sasha's pussy juices and his hair was all over the place.

"So, Peter, who or what do you want to do next?" asked Susie as she stroked his thigh.

He smiled when he heard this; he had feared that the stop at York might bring an end to the journey's distractions. He looked at the four keen faces looking in his direction. He ruled Sasha out straight away; she had already had both the benefit of his tongue and his cock.

"Sasha," he said, "would you mind swapping seats with me?"

The other girls' faces had dropped at the mention of Sasha's name, but they brightened up when he had finished his sentence.

Sasha got up and exchanged seats with Peter, who was now sitting between Cindy and Kat. He placed a hand on each of their bare legs and started to stroke them.

"You girls are all so lovely, it's difficult to choose," he said. Addressing Kat and Cindy he asked, "Have you two ever eaten one cock at the same time?"

They both said they hadn't and Peter unzipped his fly and removed his already stiff cock.

"Why don't you try now?" he suggested.

The two girls looked at each other and then lowered their heads to Peter's groin. Their heads banged together. "Ouch" they said in unison, before breaking out into laughter.

Cindy then lowered her head first and took Peter's cock into her mouth as Kat lowered her head. Kat started to lick the part of Peter's penis that was still exposed, and their mouths came together occasionally.

"Fantastic," said Peter, "another fantasy fulfilled." He stroked the two girls' hair as they worked their magic on his cock.

At one point, Kat raised her mouth and began to try to kiss Cindy on the mouth. Cindy repositioned her head and met Kat's tongue with her own as they trapped Peter's knob between them. As their tongues wrestled they were licking the knob head and spreading his pre-cum over the end of his cock and into each other's mouth. Peter was now pawing at the two girls' breasts, trying to get underneath their tops so that he could touch their bare flesh.

Realising what he wanted, Cindy pulled her top over her head and unclipped her bra; Kat did likewise, and Peter smiled. His hands now had free reign over their breasts and he grabbed one of each girl's tits and fondled them as they returned to licking and sucking on his cock.

Susie had got up and was now astride Sasha sitting on her lap; she pulled up her top, exposing her bare chest. Sasha reached out and grabbed both breasts with her hands before guiding her mouth to the nearest nipple and giving it a good suck.

"I love your little breasts," said Sasha, before returning her mouth to one of Susie's nipples.

Susie was busy caressing Sasha's ample chest through her top and grinding her pussy on Sasha's lap.

Across from the girls, Peter felt like he was about to explode. He wanted to shoot his next load into one of their pussies, so he gently pulled their eager heads off of his cock and stood up. The girls looked at him puzzled, as he pulled off his trousers, boxers and shirt.

"Stand up for a minute please, girls," he said.

Cindy and Kat both did as requested, and Peter admired their lithe young bodies as they arose.

He then lay down on the three empty seats and looking at Cindy and Kat, said "I want one of your gorgeous pussies on my face and you can figure out where the other one goes."

The two girls looked at each other as Cindy removed her knickers and tossed them on the floor. As Kat had already had her pussy filled by Grant, she decided to let Cindy have the cock and she positioned herself over Peter's mouth, wondering if he realised he would be eating some of Grant's cum. Cindy straddled Peter's cock and the two girls lowered their pussies at the same time. Cindy moaned as the cock entered her love hole and slowly began to pump up and down on the juicy piece of meat between her thighs.

As Peter opened his mouth to welcome Kat's pussy, a drop of liquid dripped down and he swallowed it eagerly. "Thicker than normal pussy juice," he thought as he savoured the taste in his mouth. He licked her pussy lips, before inserting his tongue into her hole as far as he could. Inside she was still very wet from Grant's cum and Peter started to draw this into his mouth, not realising what it was. Kat smiled at the thought of what Peter was doing and ground her pussy on his face, relishing the feeling of his tongue inside her. She found that if she moved into a certain position she could tease her anus with the tip of Peter's nose and she started to rub her little butt hole vigorously up and down against the hard bone of his nose.

Peter was panting for breath; his breathing options were limited with a pussy covering his mouth and his nostrils surrounded by butt flesh. He took big gulps of air whenever the opportunity arose and let himself enjoy his first ever experience of having two girls ride him at the same time.

Cindy had upped her pace and was moving her pussy up and down as fast as she could, fingering her clit at the same time.

"Come on, fill my pussy with your cum!" exclaimed Cindy.

Peter's cock erupted and let out a torrent of cum, spurting like a volcano and filling Cindy's pussy with his hot seed. Kat was pressing her pussy harder and harder against his mouth as she neared an orgasm; she was tweaking her nipples and squeezing her breasts. Susie had prised herself away from Sasha and crossed over to where Kat was. She lowered her mouth and sucked one of Kat's nipples into her mouth, causing Kat to moan out loud. This was all it took to send Kat over the top and she let out a stifled moan as she came, and her juices gushed into Peter's mouth and across his face.

Cindy had climbed off of Peter's lap and was busy cleaning his cock and abdomen with her tongue.

"Can't let any of this precious stuff go to waste," she said with a smile.

Peter lay on his back exhausted. He was lucky if he and Fliss had sex once a week and now he had cum three times in one afternoon. He lay there enjoying the feel of Cindy's tongue on his balls and drifted off to sleep.

Peter woke with a start as the train pulled away from another station.

"Whatsat -- where are we?" he asked as he opened his eyes.

"Just pulled out of Newcastle, you missed Darlington altogether," said Sasha, "Don't worry, Susie stood outside the door to make sure no-one could come in."

Peter looked across at his wife; still sound asleep. His legs were resting on Cindy's lap and Susie was sitting on Sasha's lap opposite with Kat beside them. The girls were all clothed and looking at him expectantly.

"Got any of that magic cream left?" enquired Sasha.

Cindy reached over and tickled his balls; his cock twitched.

"Looks like there's life in the old dog still," said Cindy as she grasped his cock in her hand and began to gently stroke it. Almost at once some pre-cum appeared.

"Mmmm," said Cindy, "who hasn't had a taste of this lollipop yet?"

"That'll be me," said Sasha as she rose to her feet.

She crossed over to where Peter lay and lowered her face to his groin. Cindy wiped his cock all over her cheeks and chin, leaving a slime trail before offering the knob to her waiting mouth. She stuck out her tongue and licked at the clear liquid leaking from his dick hole, drawing the fluid into her mouth and letting it rest on her tongue, trying to get a taste of it.

Peter groaned. In his mind he was wishing he was twenty years younger and single; he would take all these girls' numbers and have one hell of a time.

Cindy released Peter's cock as Sasha slowly lowered her mouth as if teasing Peter, her lips parted as if in slow-motion. Her eyes were fixed on Peter's as she prepared to suck the cum from his cock. He was transfixed by the events unfolding before him; he let out a low groan as he felt her lips brush the edges of his knob. She only lightly touched him at first, but this still caused a further flow of pre-cum. He had never had his cock teased like this and he was loving it. It turned him on to see this young woman lowering her mouth to his meat while never breaking eye contact. His cock was telling him to use his hands to thrust her mouth down, but he was enjoying the teasing; he knew that he would be fully engulfed in her mouth eventually and was more than happy to let her take as long as she wanted.

The other girls were sitting watching the show; Cindy and Kat were playing with their pussies while Susie just watched Sasha at work.

As Sasha lowered her head further and gradually tightened the grip of her mouth around Peter's cock, he let out a gasp. No blow job had ever felt this good and he wondered how girls learnt to do it. However they learnt, he was glad they did and especially glad that he was on the receiving end of this one by Sasha.

Her blonde hair was framing her pretty face and her sparkling blue eyes were staring into his; it was like she was reading his mind, as if she knew what to do and when from the expressions running across his face. He raised a hand to force her mouth further down and then thought better of it; let her take it at her own pace. It felt fucking good and if he interfered it might not feel the same.

Susie got up from her seat and knelt behind Sasha. She raised Sasha's skirt and placed her hand between her legs, gently stroking her pussy. Sasha parted her legs further to allow Susie better access to her wet pussy.

Sasha's tongue was licking Peter's cock as her mouth slowly eased its way down, encouraging more pre-cum which she eagerly swallowed. As she reached as far as she could with her mouth, her right hand took hold of the base of his cock and gently started to stroke him.

Peter threw back his head. He was in seventh heaven. He hadn't believed he could come for a fourth time in such a short period, but he sensed the familiar feeling in his balls; his cock started to swell and he fired three thick shots of cum into Sasha's hungry mouth. She kept her lips around his cock until he had finished shooting and then quickly turned her head around and kissed Cindy on the lips, transferring some of Peter's cum into her mouth. Cindy's eyes widened as she realised what Sasha was doing but then she forced her tongue into Sasha's mouth searching for more of Peter's seed.

When the two girls had swallowed all of the cum, Sasha returned her mouth to Peter's cock and licked it and the area around his balls clean.

"You really should shave them, Petie," said Sasha, "it makes this job a lot more pleasurable and I could suck on them then."

Peter made a mental note to give this a try although heaven knows how he would explain it to Fliss. "Cross that bridge when I come to it," he thought.

Peter's cock had now shrunk back to its normal size and the girls realised that he was spent, for the time being at least. It had been about half an hour since they had left Newcastle, which meant that in about another twenty minutes or so they would be pulling into Berwick. They all, including Peter, who had been naked, recovered their clothes and put them on; although Peter did notice that Cindy put her knickers into her handbag.

The stop at Berwick was uneventful and the train was soon pulling out.

"45 minutes to Edinburgh," said Peter, looking at his watch.

The girls looked at him expectantly. "Don't think the old todger has it in him," said Peter.

Kat got up from her seat, peeled off her top and sat on Peter's lap. "No reason why you can't have some fun grandad," she said.

Peter encircled her waist with one arm while the other hand reached up and fondled her right breast. She turned her face towards him and kissed him deeply. He was playing with her nipple; stroking it, lightly flicking it and occasionally pinching it. Her nipple was responding and Peter pulled his mouth away from her lips and sucked her nipple into his mouth, slavering all over the pert quarter inch projection. His right hand now had a firm grip of her left breast as his mouth went to work; he stopped sucking on the nipple and proceeded to lick and kiss the flesh all over her breast, making it sleek and shiny. He then returned his hand to this breast, sliding it over the lubricated flesh, enjoying the pleasure of its feel.

The door to the carriage opened and Kat tried to grab her top to cover herself up. Grant's face appeared through the gap.

"I've finished for the day," he said, "Were you girls seri..."

Before he could finish his sentence, Susie had grabbed him by the jacket and pulled him into the compartment. His legs hit the base of the seat on which Susie was sitting and he fell forward across Susie, so that his face was virtually up against Sasha's. Sasha did no more than grab his head between her hands and pull his face towards her, French kissing him.

Cindy got up and closed the door, saying, "That's what we need, a fresh cock," as she did so.

"We haven't got a lot of time girls," said Sasha, "Who's gonna get the benefit of Grant's seven inches?"

"I think we need to continue Grant's education," said Cindy, "He needs to know how to pleasure a girl with his tongue."

"Oooh, good thinking," said Sasha, "But whose pussy gets to be treated?"

"Why don't we let Grant choose?" suggested Cindy, "After all, he did come back and bring that lovely cock of his with him."

Grant looked at each of the girls in turn, paying particular attention to Kat's bare chest.

"I must admit, I've always had a thing for redheads," he said, looking hopefully in Cindy's

direction.

"Don't mind if I do," said Cindy as she stood and lowered her skirt and knickers in one movement. "Peter, would you be a darling and move down one seat so that Grant and I have some room?"

Peter moved to the window seat and Cindy lay with her head pressed up against his thigh, spreading her legs wide; her left leg was off the seat and her foot was on the carriage floor steadying her. Sasha took Peter and got him to kneel between Cindy's parted legs, she pushed his head down; he was hit by a smell he had never encountered before, "This is what a woman on heat smells like," he thought.

"Okay Grant, take it nice and slow. You need to remember every detail," said Sasha, "remember the smell, look at her sex, her lips, stick out the tip of your tongue and gently lick those little drops of moisture; that's the start of her juices, we all taste slightly different but hopefully you'll enjoy the taste of any pussy you eat."

Cindy let out a moan as Grant's tongue made its first contact with the outer lips of her pussy. Grant looked up at her face as she watched his progress. Her green eyes were gazing into his own and he felt his heart miss a beat; he felt like he was in love and then chided himself for being so stupid. He pushed his tongue harder against her pussy and it parted her lips, he found himself at the entrance to her vagina.

"Push it into her," said Sasha, "It's called a tongue fuck."

Grant slowly pushed his tongue into the welcoming hole, savouring the taste of Cindy's wet pussy.

"Now, move it in and out as if it were your cock," said Sasha, who was now playing with her pussy as she occasionally glanced at the bulge forming in Grant's trousers. "You need to get more comfortable," she said, as she began to undo his trousers and pulled them off his legs swiftly followed by his Y fronts.

"That's better," she said, as she took a grip on his hard cock and stroked it a couple of times. "You do have a nice one, Grant, you've been wasting it all these years. I hope you're gonna put it to more use in the future."

Grant was too busy savouring Cindy's pussy to respond. He had worked up a good rhythm and was working his tongue in and out of her hole, causing a steady stream of juices to flow into his mouth and down his chin.

Kat, who had sat back down on Peter's lap, was squirming her bum on his penis and was delighted to feel it come back to life.

"Ohh, that feels ready for some more action," she said, rising to her feet and turning to face Peter. She knelt between his legs and pulled down his zip, releasing his well-used cock from his trousers once more. It was still quite flaccid, and Kat stroked it a couple of times with her hand before encircling the knob with her mouth and sucking on the tip. She then bobbed her head up and down several times while playing with his balls; she was rewarded by the swelling of his cock in her mouth and she sucked greedily on it.

Sasha was pumping Grant's cock steadily as she watched him at work on Cindy's pussy. "Right," she said, "time to up your game. Take your tongue from out of her pussy and concentrate on her clit; that's the little nub at the top of her pussy. Here, I'll show you -- that's it; now concentrate on licking there and slowly work one or two fingers into her vagina as if they were your cock."

Cindy started breathing heavily and moaning as Grant followed Sasha's instructions.

"Oh my God, that's it -- just there. Yessss -- keep it there -- oh my God I'm coming," exclaimed Cindy as she reached down her hand and mashed Grant's face up against her pussy, covering it with her juices.

"Right Granty boy, I think you've earned yourself a ride. Climb aboard her now," said Sasha.

"But she's just come," said Grant, "she won't be ready for me now."

"She'll be the readiest she will ever be now. There's nothing better than having a cock thrust into your pussy just after coming; if you do a good job you might even trigger a second orgasm," stated Sasha.

Grant gingerly moved up Cindy's body, moving her top up so that he could get a good suck on her nipples before entering her.

Sasha took hold of his cock and positioned it at Cindy's hole and he slowly pushed in.

"Oh God, Grant, that's good," said Cindy, "Don't hold anything back -- give me your full length and ride me like there's no tomorrow. I can feel another orgasm building already."

Kat had stopped sucking on Peter's cock and had now straddled him, pumping up and down on his swollen member as he fondled her boobs. Peter caught sight of his watch as he was playing with her breasts. "Christ," he said, "It's only fifteen minutes till we're due in Edinburgh, and sometimes these damn trains arrive early."

Hearing this both Grant and Kat increased the pace of their thrusts, as if in a race to see who could come first. Grant's inexperienced and less used cock won the race and he filled Cindy's pussy with his come. So much erupted from his cock that it started to flow out of her pussy as soon as he extracted it from her love hole. Sasha bent down and started licking it from Cindy's pussy, inserting her tongue to gather as much as possible of his seed.

"Waste not, want not," she exclaimed after finishing cleaning Cindy up.

Shortly after, Peter gave a couple of loud grunts as he came in Kat's sweet pussy. "Five," he stated, "that's five times I've come now during this journey. Didn't think that was possible." He was beaming as he helped himself to a last grope of Kat's breasts before she got off his lap.

Once again the compartment was full of people searching for items of clothing and putting them back on. They were eight minutes out when everyone was finally sorted and then Cindy spotted something blue wedged almost down the side of her seat. She pulled out the item and realised it was Fliss's silk knickers.

"Oh shit," she said, "we almost missed these."

She crossed over to the sleeping Fliss and slipped the knickers over her feet and up her legs. She couldn't get them any higher than mid-thigh though as she was struggling to lift her legs and pull the knickers up at the same time. Peter got up to help and lifted Fliss by the waist so that Cindy could pull the knickers up properly. Cindy thought something didn't look quite right but there was little time, so she left it.
