 Hands.

Strong, wet and slippery hands.

Pulling, tugging, probing her places.

How many hands, 4?, no 6.

Oh god, 8 pair of hands, everywhere.

Pulling hair, around her throat, fingers in her mouth, and fingers in her g-string.

How did she get here how did she let this happen. Why did she let this happen?

Did she want it to stop!

Yes, no, NO!

The consequences of saying no.

Would the word be heard, would they listen.

Did she want them to hear?

Did she say it, yes, but it was whispered, it was in-audible, it was meant to be no. but it came out as Nnnnn...ohhhhhh, nnnnnnnn, ahhhhhh.

She dropped her clutch bag and her belongings spilled out onto the floor.

Two hands gripped firmly around her throat and a tongue, slender and moist forced between her gasping mouth.

No words could be spoken that would be understood, the strong, lashing tongue was sliding deeper, ever so deeper into her mouth, down her throat, will it end, its fantastically large.

Christ, how deep could it go into her cunt, it was big enough to fuck like a cock.

Hands and fingers from behind, forcing their way over her tits, between the chest of cock-tongue.

They tugged at the buttons to her low plunging blouse.

The buttons were not easy to un-do and the frantic hands mauled at her tits and furiously tore apart the blouse.

Her skin touched cock-tongue's chest, warm, sweaty – his tongue rolling around her mouth, flicking against the tip of her tongue like it was her red, swelled clit.

Fingers found her nipples.

Nipples like cherries, flushing pink and now red.

You could hang keys off her nipples.

Padded bras could still not hide these spectacular nipples, they were an embarrassment sometimes.

Nipples that men (and women) could bite with their back teeth.

Fingers tweaked, twisted and milked them.

Fingers were always surprised at their size and play-time lasted a lot longer because of this.

Hands moved from her tits and dragged the blouse from around her shoulders and down her arms, like a straight-jacket.

She was trapped between the two guys and now even more vulnerable because she was imprisoned, immobile.

Teeth bit into her shoulder, her neck, from behind, not painful the point between pain and ecstasy.

Shivers down her spine.

Hands back on her tits, gripped the front of her cups and pulled down.,

Her 36-C's jumped out, and was squashed against cock-tongues chest.

Fuck, her tits, no her nipples were rigid and were pressing against his hard chest and his nipples were hard.

Raging nipples kissing each other.

Cock-tongue let go of her throat, still fucking her mouth, and his hands slid down over bare tummy and around her back and down to her ass.

Hands between her and the vampire behind her.

Cock-tongue pulled her hard and close to him.

She could feel his hard man-tool prodding against her mound, even through her short cotton skirt.

It was broad, it was long.

It was jammed against her from her opening to her blue diamond pierced belly button and beyond.

She gulped, not gasped, as she realised this was large, it would stretch, it would push her cunt lips inside her when it was force into her neat tidy quim.

The thought shocked her to the realisation that to be fucked by this tool would be an attack on her senses, mentally and physically, but there were another 3 cocks to contend with also.

She did not have time to dwell on the coming events, as now hands gripped the inside of her thighs, two hands on each leg, pulled her legs apart.

She did not fall because she was sandwiched between cock-tongue and vampire.

Fingers found the zipper on the side of her mini-skirt and dragged it down, fast.

The skirt opened and was ripped off and slung against the far wall.

She was trapped.

Legs agape, tits out and squashed, arms imprisoned behind her back.

And now, shed felt another rigid cock, bulging against her ample bare ass.

Her ass was not fat, it was plump which rippled when she was being scuttled, it could be gripped and ridden like the finest mare.

Many times her men had fucked her ass cheeks without knowing they were not in her cunt and off-loaded all over her back and up the crack of her arse. She made the noises along with her men so as not to make them feel silly should they realise they'd had in fact just wanked and not fucked.

When they rolled over, exhausted, she'd had to finish herself off – "fucking stupid drunk wanker bastards" she'd panted to her self when she juddered and released her girl's juice.

Vampire gripped her wrists and guided her hands to his bulge.

He pushed her hands up and down, up and down, down underneath his crotch to where his balls hung.

He had jeans on; still she could feel the iron-hard balls, taught against his jeans.

He must be in pain, his balls must fucking ache as they were being crushed inside his jeans.

She gripped his balls, balls behind her, she had to release them.

Vampire knew he did not have to coax her any further.

Her fingers found his zipper and dragged it down.

Then up to the button, fumbling, pulling, it was difficult, but it gave.

Flesh on flesh.

Vampire did not have any underwear on.

A pleasant surprise.

Her hands slid into his jeans.

His rigid, iron hard cock was wet.

He was aroused, excited and his cock was dribbling his clear cock juice.

He bit harder into her shoulder and she could feel him shudder with delight, of expectation.

Down her hand slipped.

One hand rubbed up and down his shaft, the other found his balls and cupped them, no, she could only cup one, and they were enormous.

She quivered with passion.

He must hold gallons of bulls-milk.

Oh, god, oh Christ, she thought.

Oh god, don't make me drink it all, all that was stored in those huge, smooth balls.

Smooth?

She palmed them again.

No underwear and no hair.

He's got smooth, shaved balls, nice.

Very nice, she really liked to be tea-bagged.

Smothered in man scented sack.

She felt a cold trickle down her right inner thigh.

She was leaking she-cum, no, she was almost pissing she-cum.

She was now intoxicated on the thoughts that were swirling around her head.

She was weak and the guys felt her legs give way.

Cock-tongue pressed her hard against vampire, even tighter to stop her from falling.

The pressure made her arse cheeks gape and the iron rod of vampire sunk into them.

She could feel his head at the lower dimples of her back.

He was also large.

Not as big as cock-tongue, but she knew she would be gaping after taking just these two.

Without warning, cock-tongue released her and stepped backwards away from her.

He looked at her, up and down, slowly.

His eyes burning her like a sunbed, covering her form, looking at her cherries, rigid, pointing rudely at the world, no they were shouting at the world – "bite us, lick us, twist us, tug us, hard, and pinch us.

Then, a hand pulled her knickers down, right down to her ankles, down her black hold up stockings, down to her orange high heels.

Her knickers matched to colour of her heels.

Art, pure erotic art.

Where's a camera when you need one.

Take a close up and try to get the glint of she-cummed damp g-string knickers draping around black stockings and orange heels.

The hands around her thighs gripped tighter and then one slid down to her calves the other hand on each leg up to the crease of her arse and she was lifted into the air, stirrup fashion.

But her legs were bound by the knickers around her ankles.

Cock tongue bit them at the damp gusset and pulled them away.

He was looking directly into her eyes, she was hypnotised.

He held her moist knickers and licked at her she-cumm, running the full gusset over his tongue.

She quivered again, or was it her quim that quivered.

Whatever it was she released, one of the hands almost lost hold because of the mass of lubricating fluid that was running down her thigh.

Vampire pulled off her restraining blouse to release her arms and she folded them around the necks of the two very supportive guys, whom up until now were only stage-hands in this drama.

Further apart her legs were pulled and each of the stage hands now supported a leg in each arm. Then their other hands slid to her quim.

They did not enter her; they did not penetrate her glistening peach petal cunt.

They spread their fingers up the side of each cunt flap and pulled her open, pulled her apart.

She felt a cold draught run over her hot steamy pussy and deep into the now gaping hole of her most secret part.

Now she was supported by the stage-hands, she moved both her hands down to their packages.

The guy on the right was standing to attention and the front of his thin cotton trousers was damp.

She rubbed him and felt his hands grip her tightly in appreciation.

The guy on the left was a surprise, his member was not long, it felt about maybe 5 to 6 inches, but holy shit, it was wide, it was very wide, it had a massive girth.

She was flashed with the image of an aubergine, stumpy but wide.

Fuck, it may bung her up, not fit, rip her – she fucking gulped at this.

She could handle length, could handle watching her belly button rise and fall when huge long lengths of cock where doing her when she was laid on her back on top of her men.

But fat, wide widths of cock cramped her quim and she did not often cum.

It was not fair, that the fat cocks could spill their contents into her stretched hole, her pussy muscles gripping that fat, veined cock, giving her man even more pleasure whilst she was in the flux of pleasure – pain and all too often she was distracted by the final stabbing jabs of the fat cock spurting into her that she lost the desire to cum.

Only to roll over and give out the loudest pussy fart, followed by the ejection of gallons of bulls milk onto the bed, or his belly from her stretched gash, which was sometime the size of an open mouth and took ages to close again.

She got her own back one time when she was being doubled by two fellas. A big fatty cock and a Joe-public.

Fatty ripped her apart and finished quickly – no staying power.

The other guy crawled on top and started pumping into fresh air.

Her gash was still wide open and he didn't touch the sides.

Silly fuckers.

She undid the guy's zippers and worked free both their cocks.

Vampire moved his loins and suddenly his cock flicked out underneath her and rested, no, wedged itself in between her pulled open pussy lips.

Lips, they were not your normal lips, not dangling and flappy.

Her lips were petite, neatly tucked away; in fact at first glance most men thought she did not have any.

Her cunt was just so neat; one guy asked if it was a designer-vagina.

No chance, but if there was an award for minimalist piss-flaps she'd win it.

Smooth and finely contoured it was, and very well maintained, no hairs down there to tickle your tongue, just a small shaved triangle on her mound.

The rest bare, and fresh and womanly scenty.

But when fingers came a-calling, or even better, a probing, long (and hopefully wide) tongue started lapping; her side lips would redden and swell, closing her pussy and making it even tighter than it already was, but oh god, the clit.

This clit would pop out of nowhere.

Ruddy red, flushed, hot and chewable.

Her clit was the size of her cherry nips.

Everyone, yes, women included could not leave it alone.

Vampire spread his legs and gained a better position for his cock.

She could feel his bell-end ridge on her clit.

Cock-tongue caught her attention by dropping his trousers, to reveal his clingy white cotton boxers.

There, pooping out the top was a fucking large lolly-pop.

That's the first thing that she thought.

His cock was 9 or 10 inches and slender.

But his cock end was just fucking massive.

A long length of man-flash with a huge and very red head.

He dropped his boxers and kicked them off and immediately got down on his knees.

He moved towards her, his head going straight for her love scented quim.

He placed the palm of his hands around the underside of her arse – he must be touching vamps cock and balls.

The stage hands pulled her even wider now.

She started rubbing their shafts, gripping hard and pulling the foreskin over their both slippery cock ends.

Cock-tongues head was moving back and forth and she could hear slurping sounds.

But she could feel nothing.

Had the hands numbed her pussy lips.

Was her clit too cold?

Then she realised.

He was licking vamps length, had to be, as she could feel his cock rim against her clit.

She gasped, she did not expect this type of show, she was expecting a brutal, but consentingly brutal fuck-fest.

She was panting, her mouth was dry, and she looked down to see his head moving slowly up and down, side to side.

She could imagine his tongue running along the underside of vamps tool.

Stopping at the eye and prising it open to Lapp up his man juice droplets and then rolling his tongue over his bell-end and back down the same route to end at the base of his shaft.

Ohhhh. She whimpered, and vamp bit her neck, her eyes closed and rolled upwards in delight.

Then, cock-tongues hands moved, fingers were lurking, she could feel his palms opening her arse cheeks.

Both his thumbs were on the divide between her cunt and her anus.

His thumbs brushed quickly against her open quim and were coated in she-cumm.

He then rubbed this slippery lube over her wrinkled and puckered dark hole.

Her arse hole gave a natural reflex spasm, he rubbed again, it spasmed, he rubbed again and her 3 eyes opened at the same time.

Two looking at the top of his head and her sacred eye now opening to the strong thumbs that slipped inside together right up to the hand knuckled.

She yelped and jumped at the same time, nearly escaping the clutches of the stage hands, who immediately gripped her tight and pulled right back down, and hard too.

Ahhhh, she moaned, nnngggggg she spluttered as he pulled his thumbs apart to stretch open her sacred hole.

He kept working the muscle, stretching, probing as deep as his thumbs would go.

All the time he was busy rimming vamps now very rigid and sticky cock.

Her reflexes caused her hands and nails to grip hard and deep into both cocks.

The guys winced and pulled her underneath apart even more.

At this point, cock-tongue pulled her arse open as wide as he dared and in an instant released vamps cock from his mouth.

Vamp moved backward slightly and his rigid cock shot straight up and deep into her arsehole which was prised apart by the two thumbs, which made her gape even more.

She burned, she felt dizzy, she felt light headed.

She felt rigid slippery cock pumping in and out and in and out of her tightest of all places.

Her arse muscles gripped vamps ample tools the full length, she was not wet enough and cock-tongue could see.

When vamp was pulling his tool out, her arse was gripping his length and puckering outwards and around his girth like she was blowing you a kiss.

Cock tongue moved his head closer to assist them by providing a gob full of spit off his tongue and onto the gripping hole that was her ringpiece. He spat again, and again, all the time the piston cock moving more easily into the inner parts of her body.

She was hopping up and down in unison to his shaft movements.

She turned her head to fat cock, mouth open, waiting for a moist tongue to be rammed inside; he did not need to be asked.

His tongue was flaying around like a snake, her mouth was now moist, spit mingling, they were slurping each other, and she was dribbling spit from the side of her mouth.

She worked his tongue like she was sucking dick.

Her hands pumped both their ragingly hot and wet dicks.

Ahhh, she yelped and nearly bit fat cocks tongue.

She felt pain down below, around her pussy, it was her clit.

Cock-tongue was nibbling, no biting it.

Running his teeth side to side across her now bulging and ruddy-red love cherry.

Vamps hard and enormous balls were slapping at cock-tongues chin as he was pumping in and out of her rear love tunnel.

Biting clit, then slurping tongue in and out of her pussy lips.

She was soaking.

Soaking wet, soaking fucking wet.

Hands from below shot up and grabbed her cheery nips.

Biting cherry clit and at the same time twisting and pulling puffy cherry nips.

Without warning cock-tongue pulled away, vamp dragged his cock from up her arse and in a swift movement plunged her onto the fat, veined cock of the guy she had been swapping spit with.

She let out a cry.

A cry of absolute shock, ecstasy, desire, pain.

And she came, she came then, she came there and then.

Never before had she cummed so quick from being shagged up the arse.

It was the ripping open of her arse hole that sent untold spasms through her body.

Her eyes watered, not from pain, from joy.

She never expected this, could not even have imagined it.

Nor could she have imagined what happened next.

Fat cock dropped to the floor, his cock still wedged up her arse, she still Cumming.

Fat cock pulled her flat onto him, her legs astride his belly, her tits pointing to the ceiling, bouncing as him below was jamming his way into her backside, nipples threatening to burst open.

Cock-tongue jerked himself forward and his ultra large, red rimmed bell end forced its way into her cunt.

Her pussy resisted for the slightest of moments and then gave way to this giant plum sized hot poker.

Later, cock-tongue would boast to friends that he heard her fanny "pop"

When he entered her, and each time he ripped his tool out of her moist quim.

She was double teamed.

Double penetrated.

Both out of sync, one in and one out at the same time.

She had no time think, but time to feel the stretching of her holes and the tightening of her belly and backside as both cocks furiously rammed in and out.

"What's your name" asked cock-tongue, out of breath.

Kaa,,nnggg, kal,,,,, Karla she forced out.

"Hi Karla" he said.

She shook her head

"No...not...kar...ngghhhhhh ahhhg"

"Whatever" he replied.

The next thing she knew was that she could feel a hot dripping knob head being driven between her mouth lips.

She naturally opened her pinky glossy painted lips and let the shaft drive in and out.

The first plunge went too deep and she gagged, spit flew out the sides of her mouth.

She coughed, eyes watering, no time to draw breath, the cock was in again.

At least her mouth was now like a wet soaking pussy.

In, deep it went.

She had to grip his shaft to control his frantic fucking.

She was wanking him and controlling him at the same time.

It was then that she noticed that he had no balls.

No balls, oh god a fucking freak she thought for a moment, until she realised that his ball sack was so tight it had forced them up into his belly.

Neat, she thought, just 7 inches of pure cock, nothing to get in the way, even thought she liked to be tea-bagged this was a pleasant surprise, just a slender decent sized cock, which she was ravenously slurping and was now taking right to the hilt, no more gagging, she was in control and enjoying it.

All three holes being filled.

Where was vamp?

And at that instant she felt a tug at her cherries and his 9 inch cock joined in the mouth fucking exercise.

She had hands on them both now, taking it in turns to suck one and wank the other.

Suck, wank, suck, wank.

Suck, pussy fuck, wank, arse fuck.

Without warning, no balls let loose in her gob, she quickly stuck her tongue over his cocks' eye and the spunk flew everywhere, down her chin, on and over her mouth and across her cheek.

When she knew she had juiced him, she sucked and pumped the last of his mans-milk from his now limping dick and whilst she did this she saw his balls drop into his sagging ball-sack.
