 This is a story about two couples, friends who decided to take down the sexual barriers between them and live a life of libidinous freedom that was not common during the 1950’s. It is also a story that has been part of my life --- every waking moment of it --- for fifty years! I’m relating it here in the hope that I can purge myself of the melancholy residue that it left behind.

You can think of me as “Greg;” that’s not my name but it will do for this account. The other names in my little tale are fictional too, just in case the people that they represent are still alive. Today I am in my eighties, of course, but in the late 1950’s, when all this happened, I was thirty-one. I was tall, not good looking in the traditional way but pleasant enough to see coming down the street. I played a year of professional ball as an outfielder for a major league team before a blown knee put an end to that and I still had the physical build five years after. I worked out a lot to keep it.

Contacts in the sports world had been kind to me and I landed a good job as a sales rep for a major sporting goods company. At the beginning of this story I had just been promoted to sales manager for my district and didn’t have to travel anymore. But I’m getting a little ahead of myself.

Three years earlier, my wife Katherine --- Katie to her friends --- and I had met, courted for a year, and married. We were deliriously happy as most newly weds are. I was traveling then and that wasn’t the best of circumstances but we weathered it just fine. I was never unfaithful on the road and I am convinced that Katie wasn’t either as she awaited my return.

Our sex life was spectacular, at least in my opinion. I had always been popular with girls --- no Lothario, but I had had my share of fast living. In those days, there was no “sexual freedom” as there is today but I had managed to glean a few experiences. Playing ball in the minors and the majors didn’t hurt in that area of my young life.

Katie confessed to me that she was no virgin when we married but I didn’t mind. I actually believed --- even then, and still do --- that a woman ought to sow a few wild oats of her own before she settles down. I appreciated her candor and the fact that she had something to compare me to. I seemed to have ranked pretty high in all areas as far as Katie was concerned.

Besides, I loved her. I loved her without reservation from the first meeting. And she was responsive. We shared a wavelength that never failed. I knew when she wanted me and when she didn’t without her saying anything and she could detect with unerring accuracy what my mood was under any condition. 

I topped out at six-foot-three and Katie stood eye to eye with me when she wore her three-inch heels. That’s great for dancing and for sex: we fit comfortably together and, according to our friends, looked great together.  She had a long, slender figure marked by a pert, round bottom that turned the heads of most men and a lot of women --- either in jealousy or admiration. Her breasts were smallish but firm and springy with sharp points that turned up in twin pink buds that never failed to excite me. At certain times, under certain conditions, I had only to brush my fingers over them and her nipples would rise visibly beneath her clothes. She always smiled and blushed and turned her face away but never tried to hide them from me.

The spectacular part was in bed. Katie was an eager and willing partner, open to experimentation and fun. At the end of our first year of marriage she went down on me for the first time and didn’t quit till I was drained. When I asked why she decided to do that, she replied that she had read about it and that some of the other women she knew --- including Julie --- talked about how much their husbands loved it. 

She finished by declaring, “ ‘Other women do it for their husbands,’ I said to myself, and I was determined to do it for you. Did you like it? Did I do OK?” 

That’s how it became a regular part of our life together along with my “returning the favor” that Katie dearly loved. And so did I. 

“Did I do OK?” she had asked me. “Let me show you,” I said, and slid down her long, smooth body till I pushed my face between her unresisting thighs. Even on that first occasion she gave herself over to it completely, fingers twined in my hair and soft, high-pitched sounds of pleasure emanating from her throat. Her long, slender legs around my ears are still an erotic memory, even in the winter of my life. Her sweet, pungent aroma haunts me, and her arched back and thighs as she came are still a living sensation.

And so it went. We lived happily together, pleasuring each other without inhibition or hesitation. She took me into her mouth on almost every occasion and seemed to revel in the pleasure she was giving. She playfully licked and teased with shining eyes, squeezing the shaft and cradling my balls in her free hand. Many times I pulled her into my arms before she could complete the task and spent my raging hard-on in her welcoming cunt, then spread her legs again and laved her vulva and flicked her hard little clit until she sobbed out her ecstasy in my arms. We felt secure in our belief that not many, if any, others enjoyed the bliss that we did. Such is naiveté. 

It is time to introduce Hal and Julie. Hal was a long-time friend of mine from high school days. A good solid buddy with whom I had kept up a friendship when others had faded with time and distance. He and Julie had married about two years before Katie and I. Hal had been my best man and Julie had run her legs off doing things for Katie in preparation for our wedding. We got together with them at least once a week, sometimes as couples for dinner or shows and sometimes just the girls for shopping or Hal and I for ballgames or other “guy stuff.” Nearly every Sunday night found all of us together in one of our kitchens hanging on to the last few hours of the weekend.

I don’t know how the next big step was taken, really. We had always discussed current events and social issues. Neither Katie nor Julie was the stay-at-home suburban wife. In fact, we all lived in the city and both of the girls worked full time, Julie as an accountant and Katie as an advertising executive. The idea of the discontented housewife was just beginning to peek over the sociological horizon in those days so maybe that was what got it started. Katie and Julie were both well-educated, assertive women with good independent minds and, I must say with some pride, that Hal and I were secure enough to allow them free rein. So I think that was how it began, with Katie and Julie.

They had made a ritual of flirting with Hal and me whenever we were together. To begin with, each flirted with her own husband just for laughs and the effect on the other couple. I remember some of our most passionate nights beginning with Katie flirting with me in front of Hal and Julie before the evening ended. Soon enough, however, the girls’ flirting naturally extended to the other’s husband as well as their own. Katie flirted outrageously with Hal and Julie vied with her to see if she could flirt more shamelessly with me. One night, Julie got the upper hand by sitting on my lap in her kitchen and kissing me full on the mouth, something that had never happened before. Katie, not to be out done, kissed Hal just as warmly and we all laughed. That night was one of the hottest and heaviest sex nights that Katie and I ever had. We didn’t sleep till dawn was visible under the window blinds.

We never referred to that night or those kisses but it was evident that a line had been crossed and that new lines of relationship were beginning to form. That’s how we were; we absorbed new directions in our relationship and crossed lines without discussion or fanfare. The next weekend, on Saturday night, the four of us went to a road show that was in town and out to eat afterward. We drank more than usual and when we arrived back at our house, none of us was feeling any pain. I fixed us all a nightcap and we sat in the living room, Hal and Julie on the sofa and Katie and I squeezed together in the big overstuffed chair.

A silence fell between us. We gazed across the room at each other. Katie played idly with my hair and I noticed that her skirt had ridden up to expose one half of her long, lithe thigh. Suddenly, I became aware that Katie and Julie were locked in eye contact and that both were breathing a little harder, their color rising in their faces. As if at a silent signal, both women rose and crossed to the center of the room. There they paused and embraced, kissed lightly on the mouth, then moved on. Julie came to sit on my lap and Katie curled up on Hal’s.

I’m as sure as stone that none of this had been planned by anyone but was the result of some feminine perception shared between Katie and Julie. And Hal and I accepted it as if it were natural or had been planned and agreed to. Julie looked at me with glowing eyes, then we were kissing and the kiss seemed never to end, just slide into the next one without break or pause. My hand crept under her skirt and between her legs, found no resistance, and moved slowly up to the tops of her stockings where a soft warm bulge of flesh met it. Her hand caressed my face as we kissed. She whimpered a little joyful sound as I brushed across the silky, damp patch of her panties.

I don’t know how long we kissed and fondled each other. I remember her hand drifting into my lap and squeezing the growing ridge in my trousers. I kissed the deep cleft between her ample breasts and ran the tip of my tongue up and down it. 

The sound of the front door closing brought me back. Katie and Hal were gone. I noted it, then gave it no further thought. We rose from the chair; I picked Julie up in my arms and made my way down the hall to the bedroom.

The lovemaking was easy and comfortable. Julie was a slight five-foot-three with a gorgeous figure. She was a natural blonde with that luminous ivory skin that many Scandinavians have. Her breasts were big and soft with big pink aureoles and hard little nipples. Her waist was tiny enough for me to span with both hands and below it a round impertinent bottom flared out. Her legs were short with trim ankles and calves that bloomed into soft, voluptuous thighs. She kept uttering those happy little sounds as I stroked her warm velvety flesh and stoked her fires. She twisted and writhed when I inserted two fingers into her warm wet depths.

“Oh, Greg! I’m ready! I’m ready! Do it now!”

And I did it. I rolled between her delectable thighs and entered her in one slow, gentle push. She cried out and urged me deeper with heels and hands. I responded with wild plunging and thrusting into her hot, wet blonde-fringed slit. She came first with a tight high-pitched keening sound. She collapsed on the bed and I, not wanting complications, pulled out of her and ejaculated on her belly.

“You didn’t have to do that,” she said later, “I can’t have children anyway. Some of the equipment inside is faulty and just won’t work.” When I said I was sorry to hear that she replied that she didn’t think that she would make a very good mom anyway --- too dedicated to her professional life. Still, I hoped Hal and Katie were taking precautions of some kind but I didn’t worry about it.

Later, after we had rested, Julie slid down and began sucking softly on my still-soft cock. It soon stiffened. I pulled her around into a sixty-nine position and we shared a heavenly and satisfying climax that left us both sleepy.

And that was the beginning.

The next day, Hal brought Katie back and the four of us sat down to an impromptu breakfast. Not one word was said about the night before but it was obvious that we were all relaxed and happy, that no regrets were felt and that we were all still the friends that we had been before. When breakfast was over and we had had our fill of coffee, Katie and I said goodbye to our guests as usual.

It has been said that a little extramarital activity can revive or improve or even save a marriage. My marriage to Katie didn’t need reviving and we were nowhere near a break-up. Still, there was an added spark, an eagerness on both our parts that had been waning in the last year or so. Now it was back with a sharper edge than ever.

We never discussed or swapped information about our first act of infidelity. We never even acknowledged it out loud. We went to bed that morning after Hal and Julie left but not for sex. We were both exhausted. We slept for a few hours and awoke together. Katie smiled her special smile and only then did we make soft, slow, affectionate love.

Two days later, in the evening as I was reading the paper, Katie came into the living room dressed only in the shirt I had worn to work that day. ‘It smells like you,” she said, “and I’ve been craving you all day!” She burrowed under the newspaper and curled into my lap, her long legs hanging over the arms of the chair. The shirt was only buttoned at her waist and I could see the soft, delicate curve of her breast beneath. She thrust her tongue into my ear and nibbled on my lobe.

I slipped a hand onto her thigh and squeezed. I was rewarded with a soft silky sigh as she squirmed in my lap setting my cock to rising. Her hand found it.

“Mm! Do you have something in here for me?” she asked in a husky voice.

“I sure do!”

“Can I have it?”

“Yes!”

”What is it?” she asked playfully.

“Don’t you know by now?”

“Yes, but it ought to have a name, I think.”

“What name would you give it?”

“Can I call it your prick?” She had never before engaged in gutter language and I was surprised how it aroused me.

“Call it anything you want to!” I responded.

“I’ll call it your prick --- your big, hard, wonderful tool --- your masterful cock that I love to love!”

I squeezed her breasts and asked, “What do I have here? There seems to be two of them.”

“Ah, those are tits, mister, two excited little titties just begging for you.”

“Your pretty little titties --- say it for me.”

“My pretty little titties!”

I was on fire by now and had two fingers in her damp cunt.

“And what’s this warm wonderful place I’ve just found?” I asked.

Her soft thighs clenched over my hand. “That’s your wife’s pussy! Your wife’s wet, hot, loving pussy!” Her voice was heavy with need and her eyes bright with love.

“How lovely! I always enjoy a wet, hot, loving pussy!”

“Take me to bed, husband,” she whispered.

“What will we do there?”

“Can I suck your prick? Can I? Will you let me --- and come in my mouth so I can taste you?”

“Only if I can taste that sweet pussy at the same time.”

“Oh, yes! Please, please, please! Oh, enough, Greg! Take me to bed right now!”

I carried her down the hall as I had carried Julie just two nights before. We did everything that we had described in that heated conversation that had been punctuated by hot wet kisses. And then some. I lay on my back and lapped at her swollen cunt lips, squeezing her delectable bottom and stroking her long thighs. At the same time I felt her mouth stroking up and down my shaft and her hand playing with my balls. After bringing each other to a glorious climax and then cuddling and stroking for a half-hour, Katie rose on one elbow and looked down at me. 

“Hey buddy, want to fuck me?” she asked. Her newfound vocabulary excited me, caused my cock to spring to life again. I had already had the thought and was half-hard. She sucked me to full erection in no time and lay down pulling me on top of her. I was in her to the hilt in one wet thrust. As I was plunging away she gazed up at me in rapture and whispered, “Do you like your hot wife? Do you like your dirty-mouth slut?” I was aghast at her transformation but thrilled by it too. “Fuck me, baby! Fuck your wife’s hot pussy with that big hard prick!” 

I joined her by gasping back, “Oh, Katie! How I love fucking you! C’mon baby! Give me that hot cunt! Give me all of that sweet pussy!”

“Oh, honey! Did you like it when I sucked you off? When I sucked your cock and made you come! Oh, God you tasted so good!”

“And I ate your sweet pussy! I could lick you for hours! Oh, God, I could fuck you forever!”

Then she surprised me again by pushing me away and rolling onto her knees and elbows, her face in a pillow, presenting her shapely bottom. I was behind her and into her in a flash, thrusting into her cunt again like a stallion. 

“Oh, God, yes!” she moaned into the pillow. “Fuck me, Greg! Fuck me, husband --- hard!”

I redoubled my efforts, inflamed by the sight of her soft round ass swaying below me in time to my thrusts. Suddenly and without thinking, I unleashed three hard slaps to her bottom, then three more on the other side. She yelped and pushed hard back against me. Once started I couldn’t stop. The crack of my hand echoed from the walls along with her cries of passion and surprise. Her cunt was so wet that her juices were running down her legs and coating my groin.

At last, we boiled over. Katie first, collapsing beneath me to a prone position and I on top of her still thrusting away between her soft cheeks, reddened now from the spanking. I came seconds later, erupting deep inside her and writhing against her delicious flesh.

Later, she said, “Well that was certainly a new high point! Did your filthy-mouth wife shock you?”

I laughed a little, “Yes, and I loved her even more!” then, with concern, asked, “Did I hurt you?”

“You mean the spanking? No. I liked it! It thrilled me and made me come in torrents! You must have noticed. I mean, no one has ever done that to me before and if you had asked me before, in cold blood, if I would like to be spanked I would have said ‘No and if you try it I’ll knock your block off.’ But coming as it did, when I was so hot and ready, it seemed to be --- I don’t know --- right, I guess. It seemed to be --- a loving thing to do and that sounds silly and wrong but it’s true, Greg! It actually seemed loving! I mean I wouldn’t want it every time but --- sometimes!”

Was it the night she spent with Hal that changed things? I have no doubt it was. I do doubt, however, that she and Hal had done the things we had just done or that they used gutter terms in their sex talk; that’s just not Katie. But a night of adulterous sex probably broke down the final barriers to free libidinous expression and allowed Katie to free her sexuality, not only to express her desires, but also to act on them. Anyway, it certainly made me happy. I only hoped that Hal and Julie were reaping the same benefits.

And evidently they were. They were extremely affectionate together the next time we met. Still, no mention of our adventure with each other’s spouse was mentioned and I was relieved to see that we went on together just as we had before. I have no idea if Katie and Julie ever discussed it when alone but I know that Hal and I never did. No agreement was ever made, no reference to when or how often. Taking our cue from the first time, Hal and I left everything up to Katie and Julie. 

About six weeks later, as we were beginning another weekend, Julie came out of her kitchen and stopped behind me where I was sitting on their sofa. She placed her hands on my shoulders and massaged.

“I’ll give you all night to stop that,” I said.

“How about a weekend?” she replied.

I looked around and saw a smile that told me all I needed to know. She put her face next to mine and whispered, “Katie has already taken Hal back to your place.” Then she moved around in front of me and slipped her straps off her shoulders letting her dress fall to the floor. Her tits were bare and the nipples excited to hard little pebbles; they swayed with the movement of her shoulders. I could see the patch of neatly trimmed blonde hair between her legs through her wispy thin panties.
