 She is riding him. Furiously. Groans are escaping out of her mouth, as her hips move in a savage song of back and forth, swaying, trembling, as she closed her eyes, sweat dripping off her tits, which are roughly grabbed by his hard hands. I stroke my cock rapidly, with the other one of my hands entangled in her hair. She plants her fingernails in his chest, her butt slapping his balls as she bounces up and down, her eyes half closed, the white of her eyes the only foreign color on her dark, beautiful face.

He pulls her down on him, making me let go of her hair. He kisses her, deeply, then puts one of her juicy, dropping tits inside of his mouth. She moans as he holds her ass, starting to thrust upwards faster and faster, making her cries louder as wet noises are filling the room.

He releases her neck, enabling her to sit upright on him again, but grabbing her wrists and pulling them down, not slowing down for a second the insane rhythm at which he's fucking her. I grab her hair again, making her turn her head, her face facing my belly button. She understands my intention, and avidly engulfs my whole cock inside of her mouth with a loud groan. She begins to drool, as her lips almost reach my balls, her tongue licking me, the tip of my cock touching her throat. The feeling is unbearable, so sweet it's painful. I smile in ecstasy, looking down at my best friend, who keeps on pounding her, with each upside thrust. Our gaze meets and he grins like a boy who just had his Christmas present.

It's actually fitting that we're having a three some with her, the neighbourhood slut. But whatever, man. She feels better than any pussy I've ever had before. I could only be grateful to my mate for bringing me in on this. We're in his room, on the floor, fucking and sucking her to oblivion, not even caring about the noises which must be heard about everyone in the area. His sister(he still doesn't know I fucked her) is at a friend's house or some shit like that. His parents are gone. And there's us.

She groans deeply as he pulls her all the way down on his cock. I pull my dick out of her mouth, leaving her gasping for air, drool running on her chin, her eyes watery. She grinds slowly on his shaft, then gets up, grabbing my thighs for support. I help her up, holding her hand, like a true gentleman. Then, when she's up, I do something that I probably wouldn't have done if I wasn't so fucking turned on by her messy face. I hungrily kiss her, sloppily going at her lips. She kisses back with hunger, as my hand gently tug at her breasts, caressing her chest.

While he starts to get up, I run my hand between her thighs, rubbing her clit as we kiss passionately. She shivers and I feel her thighs closing around my hand in an iron grip as she's panting on my lips. She grabs my cock, caressing it over and over as he turns her head to him for a kiss, even sloppier than mine. Now she's standing between us, stroking our cocks, taking turns kissing us, while my hand moves faster and faster between her legs.

Then he grabs her by her throat, forcing her down on her knees.

She eagerly obliges.

It's almost funny how easily our dicks disappear down her throat, how she sucks the tips of our shafts hard, letting them go with a popping sound, making them all shiny and wet. At one point, she might be sucking my dick ferociously, but the next thing you know, she's engulfing his, even gently biting it, making him squeal with pleasure. I can't take it anymore.

I roughly grab her by her hair and make her stand up again. He stands up, his back against the nearest wall, his cock rock hard in his hand, his body sweaty, already waiting for her. She backs up her ass against his crotch. He puts his cock back inside her, making her moan deliciously as I take her left leg in my hands and raise it. While I'm still holding up her leg, he starts to fuck her fast, covering her mouth with both of his hands, from behind. The loud cries that would've filled the room are only muffled sounds. We breathe hard, pools of sweat running over bodies, the smell of sex fixed on skins. The wet smacks of penetration get louder and louder as her eyes turn white and he bites his lips from the effort of the merciless fucking he's giving her. With a sudden jerk, she jumps off his cock, squirting with energy, the liquid covering our feets. She grabs my face, my neck, my chest as she frantically shakes, her orgasm violent and unbearably sweet.

He releases her mouth, making her loud breathing audible, taking her leg from my hands instead as he relaxes his back against the wall. I slowly thrust inside her, making her flinch, and try to push me away. This time, I am the covering her mouth with both of my hands, starting to thrust upwards at a faster pace, while I look into her eyes. 

I breathe hard as I slide in and out of her juicy cunt, as the smell of her pussy fills my nose, and makes me harder. He gently kiss her neck and play with her boobs with his free hand, the other one not dropping her thighs. She starts to shake again, her only standing leg quivering and buckling wildly. I go all in, thrusting deeper than ever before, the hilt of my cock resting against her clit, as I groan loudly, like a wild animal. She starts to cum again, quivering and as I take my hands off her mouth, she kisses me hungrily, her tongue exploring mine.

I take my cock out of her and he plunges inside her. But thrusting twice, he takes himself out, and jerking his cock, he cums on her ass, his teeth clenched, his whole body rigid, screaming. I thrust inside her again, while she's kissing him over her shoulder. I give a few thrusts, Then I retreat again, and he goes back inside, retreating after a few thrusts, wincing, then I go inside again. We all smile at this little game, as he releases her leg. She almost falls down, and I have to hold her. We stand face to face, as I grab her ass cheeks making her stand straight, as I keep thrusting. He watches, his cock deflating, as he smiles. She's panting on my lips, a surprised look showing on her face as I slap her ass. I bite her neck, and take my cock out of her dripping pussy, jets of cum shooting out of it, waves of pleasure running over me. I bite her again, then let go. I back up a little, then look at the ceiling, feeling like the whole world is resting on my shoulders, tired as fuck.

She kisses both of us, then gently tug at our cocks. I smile at him, then bump fists behind her back as she heads to the shower, not believing what just happened. But as she's going through the door, she looks back at us, longingly, while she licks her lips. I look at my mate, curiously, silently asking a question. He grins and shrugs, and I laugh. Then we both head to the shower after her.