 "I'll do that," Tela answered with a sincere facial expression trying to hold back an army of tears that she knew were marching forward behind her warm brown eyes.

"I'm not asking you to try anything you don't want to, just to try something new. I want our intimacy back," Mick responded. The couple had been married for fifteen years, dated for a couple of years beforehand and had two gorgeous kids. Both bright, athletic, mature and in their teens. While neither Tela or Mick could realistically visualize the impact of divorce on the kids, Mick knew he was not ready to hang up his sex life.

Tela enjoyed sex, but between her business, the kids' activities and providing food and support for her family she was often tired and just wanted to collapse in bed at days end. When the two did have a free hour or two, she felt like they had to get busy quickly least there be an interruption, and to allow for her to tend to other chores. Her version of a quickie was interpreted by Mick as a fast fuck with pressure on him to perform rapidly. He yearned for the days when the day was spent fucking, with periodic breaks for meals, teasing and occasionally displaying their friskiness publicly.

The two had enjoyed sex in an elevator, Tela wasn't always bashful and had flashed her near perfect tits at truckers and college kids while riding along in a car with her husband. Usually he'd have a small vibrator planted deliciously next to her clit as she took pleasure in the thrill of exposure. Afterwards the two would recount the event, and often add a few what-ifs to the conversation. But these outings faded. Instead of once a week, it became once a year and then just a memory. Life interfered.

Tela and Mick had a good marriage. They rarely fought, equally approached household chores and exercised regularly. Both admitted when they did have sex it was enjoyable, but Mick wanted it more often and loved how it bonded them afterwards. The following day was always better and created a team feel. Several times they'd discussed the dwindling sex topic, vowing to change things. Instead, it seemed to make things worse. Sex went from twice a week to twice a month. More talking resulted and with similar results. Ultimately, Mick felt their relationship was depriving him of a sex life. It was a concession he was unwilling to take without combat.

On a Sunday afternoon, with both teens out for an arranged stay with other kids, Mick prepared an early afternoon dinner for his wife. Her favorite—lobster, potatoes and bubbles. Tela was surprised and pleased with the attention. She suggested maybe they should twist in a quickie before the kids returned, and had no idea the pain it caused her husband. Inside, Mick thought to himself, "Why can't she just seduce me? Without saying a word."

When he replied with, "Maybe later. First, I want to talk," he too had no notion of the sting she felt. Once engaged, sex came easily for Tela and often she wanted lots more, but until she opened to it there was an inner fear. She'd never admitted to Mick any of her fantasies. He'd told her several of his sexual based dreams, while she claimed to have none.

"Babe, we've talked about our dwindling sex life, and tried different things, but I feel like it has essentially departed from our relationship. The last time we had sex was 38 days ago," Mick stated tenderly while holding his wife's hand.

"Why do you always keep count?" Tesa responded with a hurt voice.

"I don't. Instead, over and over I go to bed horny, wake up horny and know the day is so busy that we won't have a minute together. I'm sick of jacking off. I want to be held and drooled over. Other items in our life have much greater priorities, but, but I'm not willing to sacrifice sex to insure the kids get to practice on time, dinner is cooked and we attend all their sporting events. When we got married it was because of us, not to reproduce then leave us behind."

"Are you saying you want a divorce," Tela asked with quivering lips.

"No. I can't imagine that. What I'm saying is I'm not willing to give up sex because we place it so low in the priority list. I don't know if this means we need to hire someone, have an open marriage or something else. I just know something has to be done."

"Jesus Mick. An open marriage? Seriously? How do you think I'd feel knowing you're fucking someone else?" Tela asked in an angry voice.

"That is why I wanted to talk. How do you think I feel having my sex life ended because it is valued so low in our marriage? Did you ever think about asking how, nevermind. I, I, I don't want us to end. I love you Tela." Mick reached across and gave his wife a peck on the lips. She kissed him back with passion, then stood. "Where are you going?"

Tela didn't answer him, but instead started to slowly unbutton her top, tossing it off and her jeans promptly followed the flight path of her blouse. As did her bra and panties. Once naked she sat back down on the couch and slowly answered, "They say you should argue naked. It felt like we could be approaching a disagreement, so I made a preemptive strike."

"I've read so many articles, talked to friends and I've been to a couple of different counselors."

"Honey, why didn't you tell me?" demanded Tela with a look of deep concern.

"I thought I had, but when I talked with others I realized I hadn't told you how its ripping up my heart, and balls. And I wanted to have some way to fix us and not just complain. You know how I am." He was being honest, but had to admit her tits were distracting.

"Did people say we should get divorced?" Tela asked in a worried tone.

"No. They said we had a problem. A decent problem, that needed to be solved. And there was some useful information in the articles."

"Do you want to tell me, or should I read them?" Tela asked.

"Probably both. You know how I've shared my fantasies with you?" Tela nodded affirmatively, so Mick kept going. "The articles state that everyone has fantasies. Usually several and they change over time." Tela responded to this by pulling her knees up to her chest, and draping her arms over them. "The articles or research note it's important for couples to be open and honest about this topic." Mick could see a repressed fear in his wife's eyes, but kept moving ahead. "It doesn't mean couples have to enact the fantasies, but let their spouse know what things turns them on, and use it to add spice. They also note it's important not to get into a routine. I think we're in a deep rut."

With a cold seriousness, Tela responded, "Do you think we have to live our fantasies to get out?"

"I don't know. I just know we need to get out. Everything I read, and most of the counselors I spoke with, agreed a big dose of change was needed or our foundation would be cracked in multiple places."

"But not all of them agreed with this assessment?"

"That's correct. One suggested we have a sexless marriage and instead look to religion to supplant our lost lust." To this comment, Tela did laugh.

"What did you do?" she asked with a smile as she was realizing her husband was deadly serious about change, but was also desperate for a partner to change with him. Her anger was gone, and she realized how his opening up to her was rather endearing. Unconsciously, she'd raised her arms above her head and parted her legs a touch.

"I got up and walked out," Mick answered.

"Good for you," Tela smiled as Mick's eyes quickly wandered up and down her body. The looks didn't go unnoticed. "What other options were suggested to you?"

"One advised divorce."

"Did you walk out too?"

"Kind of, except I told her that I sought professional help to find a solution for us, so thought it was best to move on."

"How many counselors did you see?"

"Five that I talked with for more than an hour. They are like any other service. Its best to shop around, then when you find a good one, hold on."

"So, what do you think we should do?" asked Tela.

"First, let me ask you that."

"I don't know. We obviously need to make more time for us. But, I know, we've said that several times before. Your thoughts?"

"Ninety percent of the time, sex involves a quickie in the bedroom. Maybe, some toys to warm you up, we copulate and then shower. No second go. We've never had sex on the kitchen table. Its five years old. We've never had sex in our backyard. We bought the house eight years ago. I think we need to really shake up when, where and how we have sex. And I want to know your fantasies."

"Yes. I think you're right, we do need to shake things up. Do you still find me attractive?" Tela asked.

Mick smiled broadly, then reached over and traced the tip of one finger lightly up and down his wife's outer pussy lips. His finger drew slow circles around her swelling lips then raised up to her hardening nipples. "Yes. Very much so."

"And what do you think the solution is?" Tela asked as she parted her thighs a bit more. Sitting in their living room, in the broad daylight, with her clothes shed, did add a charge she'd forgotten about. There was something exhilarating about the possibility of being caught or knowing someone was watching you be naughty. She recalled showing off her body to random truck drivers, and how she use to think of what they'd do to her, if given an opportunity. The brief thought sent a tingle to her pussy. She couldn't imagine ever revealing this thought to anyone.

"We need to create an environment that charges our sex life for the both of us. I think figuring this out will require some experimentation, and forcing ourselves to engage in adult fun outside of our rut."

"How do you propose we go about this? Have the counselor prescribe something?"

"No. This is about us. We have to figure it out. Will you give me four nights?" Mick asked.

"For what?"

"Sex. Four nights to plan an evening of sexual entertainment, adventure and more. Sex outside of our usual romps, and something different each night. Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday night. The kids have practices on the first two nights, and my brother will pick them up and watch them til we get home. Friday the kids are staying home with your sister, and Saturday they are away at overnight games. I've got everything covered."

After the agreement, Mick removed his shirt and crawled up between his wife's legs. "You look hot. Can you feel how hard my cock is through my jeans?"

"Yes." With that he kissed her full lips, and delicately teased her tongue with his, while grinding his erection into her mound.

"What do you want me to do?"

"Take your pants off, and make love to me?" Mick removed his jeans, but kept his underwear on. Tela could now feel his cock digging into her. So close to her entrance. She couldn't resist, and aggressively raised up her ass to press her mound into him.

"Tell me what you want me to do with my cock."

"Put it in me," Tela answered.

"Sometimes I want you to be crude. It can be a turn on." Mick asked again, "Tell me what you want me to do with my cock."

"Screw me wild," Tela replied as she started to press her hips up harder.

"Tell me what you want to me to do to you, I think the magic word begins with an F." With these words floating out, Mick brought his lips to hers and kissed her for a prolonged period as the two savagely ground their groins together. It was almost, as if, they'd never sexed before, except he knew how kissing turned her on.

Briefly, their lips parted, and Tela solemnly whispered to her lover, "Please, fuck me."

"I'll reward that with a removal of my briefs." Mick replied, stood and stripped naked. When he returned to the sofa, Tela had pulled back her knees to present her sex to him, but he wasn't ready. Instead, he pressed his shaft against her slick opening and asked, "What do you want me to do now?"

"Fuck me."

"What turns you on?"

"You, please. I'm so horny."

"Do you remember how hot you'd get when you'd flash your titties as we speed past those truckers?"

"That was a long time ago. Put it in," Tela replied as she moved her hand down and tried to work Mick's head into her opening. He responded by pushing her thighs further apart and laying on top of her, so his cock remained pressed against her pussy, but with its head safely away from her entrance.

"Remember when we were in Napa, and late in the afternoon we chatted with the older couple. Think we were all tipsy from tasting, then you straddled the older guy we just met?"

"Why are you bringing that up now?"

"Because it was hot. It surprised me. You were wearing that mini-dress so when you straddled him he had a clear view of your panties. Were they shear?"

"I don't know. I was drunk. Put it in. Fuck me like I asked," Tela whinned as Mick rubbed his against her vagina.

"I want us to be comfortable talking about our desires. Look at us just from this smidgen of sex talk. Imagine if he'd reached down, pulled your panties aside and started fingering you. I bet you wouldn't have stopped him." Tela responded by shoving up even harder and letting out a soft moan. Mick easily read the signs of her sexual inebriation, so continued. "Remember the truckers you would flash when we were younger?"

"Yeah, that was fun. Please. We can talk later. I promise."

"Did you ever think about stopping and having an unknown trucker fuck you? Or maybe two of them as one could have been sleeping in the back." Tela didn't respond, but also couldn't keep her bottom on the sofa. It felt like he was reading her mind. She was embarrassed at her wantonness, but the suggestions Mick was making had her craving sex. Her heavy breaths surprised Mick, and let him know he was tapping into an undisclosed fantasy. Slowly, he slid his shaft up and down between her wet lips, firmly rubbing her clit.

Mick kissed her deeply for a bit, then pulled his lips to Tela's ear and whispered. "And we never talked about the New Year's party three years ago, when the Jones, Roberts and we played that dare game. After several rounds Phil and you had to make out, after stripping down to your underwear. All of us could tell his cock was hard as his briefs were tenting out. When the two of you started kissing I couldn't believe how you started to raise your ass up off the carpet and grind into him. What surprised me were two things—one that I wasn't jealous at all and two that I wanted Phil to screw the hell out of you in front of everyone. Would you have liked that?"

Tela had thought about that night several times and wished the evening had progressed differently. Instead, the other couple had halted the game and let all know the party was over. It was the Roberts' house, so all agreed. Separately, Tela had talked with Ms. Jones who was fine with the game, and disappointed the evening ended so soon. From this she gathered, there were no hurt feelings, but was too shy to request a second round. This didn't stop her from occasionally playing with herself and imagining things had gone much further. With Mick's seductive whispering, his rubbing of her genitalia and her thirst for sex she answered without thought, "Ohh, yesss. I've wanted that for a while." Momentarily, a splinter of regret pierced her brain. "I'm, I am just ..." but that is all that flowed out as Mick adjusted the tip of his cock and slammed into her wet opening. "Ohhh goawwdd," Tela's voice quivered.

Mick pushed his cock deep into her, pulled back and repeated the process slowly. He knew his wife loved it deep, hard and slow. "Your pussy hasn't been this wet for some time. I love it. I love it when you get really horny. Do you like to fuck?"

"Yesss," Tela moaned back. With that answer out, Mick pulled off of his wife and sat up erect.

"What are you doing?" cried out Tela.

"I want you to straddle me."

"The window is open, people could see us."

"I don't care. Do you?"

"No," Tela answered with a smile as she rose up, placed her knees outside of Mick's thighs and lowered her hips down until her bum was touching his thighs. Slow, she started to ride him. Her thrusting and moans gradually increased.

"This is what you wanted to do with the guy at the winery isn't it?" Mick asked. Tela didn't respond, but instead closed her eyes and leaned back so she could use one hand to rub her pearl. "Have sex, in front of others. And be on display just like you are now." "Fuck me like I was Mr. Jones," he added after a bit. "Go ahead."

She galloped away, but didn't last long. "Ohhh, ohhhhh, augghhhhh. I'm going to cumm," Tela announced as her hips rapidly bounced up and down, while her nipples grew rock hard. Mick knew this was a sure sign her orgasm was moments away.

"You still want to fuck him don't you?" Mick asked as he reached up and firmly squeezed both of her breasts.

"Ahhhh, yesss, yessss, cummminnngggg!" Tela bolted out. When she was finished, Mick flipped her around, pushed her knees up towards her head and savagely screwed her. After he came, the couple laid next to each other and chatted. "That was fun, but you know it is just talk."

"Well no, actually it was talk and sex," Mick replied.

"You're impossible," Tela spit back while shaking her head negatively.

"And you've only had a single orgasm. Mind if I give you a little massage?"

"Do you want me to rinse off first? It's kind of messy down there."

"That from the woman that used to request I pull out and cum on her tits? Nope. I view it as wetter." With those words out, he teased his fingertips downward, slowly, making their way to her sex. As his fingers progressed downwards, he started to kiss his wife again. A well-known "weakness" of hers that rapidly fired the flames of her libido.

The kissing was relaxed, slow and intimate. When their tongues started to play, Mick eased apart her petals and eased two fingers into her. While pushing his digits in and out, he used his thumb to rub the regions on either side of her clit as he continued to kiss her. The second time, Tela usually came much quicker, so Mick wasn't surprised when she pulled her head away from his.

He kneeled between her thighs which gave him complete access to her vagina. A third finger was pushed up into her. "Do you want me to add another one?" 

"Please, but go slow." A decade ago she'd occasionally ask to be taken with a dildo and cock in her, but over the years the requests had stopped, as time shrunk their lives. With four fingers in her, he was able to rub her clit. Slow and hard. It brought forth a series of loud moans.

"How does that feel?" Mick asked as pushed four digits deep into her while increasing the speed of her clit manipulations.

"Oh God. That's nice," Tela replied as she reached out and clamped her own hand onto her right breast.

"I think our talk made you horny because it excites you to think about someone else fucking you."

"Don't stop," Tela moaned in reply.

Mick wasn't sure if Tela meant his talking or fingering or both, but he kept going. "If Mr. Jones was here, and I asked him to fuck you, would you allow it?"

"Shit. Don't say that now. Ohhhhh, fuck."

"Would you let his cock fuck your little pussy like my hand is right now. Pounding in and out. Ready to mix his cum with your cum?"

"Ohhh, ohhhhhhh, I'm going to cum again." Just then, Mick stopped all of his movement. "No, don't stop. Please. Do itt!!" Tela begged.

"Answer my question and I'll keep going."

"Yesss!" Tela replied which caused Mick to push his fingers deep inside while he used his free hand to give undevoted attention to his wife.

"Would you suck his cock, and fuck him until he came deep inside you?"

"Ohhh, gawwddd. Yesssss. I'm cummmingggg!! Ohhhhh, ohhhhhhhhh." Tela moaned. It was the loudest she'd been in some time. Afterwards the couple hugged, snuggled and kissed then rose to shower as they knew the kids would arrive soon. In the shower, the intensity of Tela's orgasm was discussed, and she admitted it was a fantasy of her's to fuck Mr. Jones. Her disclosure ripped blood through Mick's penis yielding a new hard-on that Tela took care of with her mouth and gladly had her husband cum across her tits.
