 Tela awoke early Friday morning, and laid in bed thinking about the prior two nights. Never in her wildest imagination did she think that after just two of the agreed upon nights she would already have had sex with two different men, and two women. It caused a tingling below, but the tingles were drowned out by the storming butterflies in her belly. Many "what ifs" remained. She was most worried about neighbors, co-workers and family discovering the liberties she'd become involved in. Silently, she climbed out of bed and snuck out.

Downstairs she prepared breakfast for the teenagers and gave them both a hug before sending them off to their early start high school. Why high schools started so early was beyond her comprehension. A 10 pm start would keep them in their beds, and have them home by dinner time. Others, obviously disagreed. With the kids gone, she peaked in on Mick and saw that he was still sleeping. Tela gathered a few bathroom items, and took them to the guest restroom, so Mick would not be disturbed.

The hot water felt wonderful streaming over her naked body. It was both cleansing and refreshing. After washing her hair, she lathered up her body and did well until she used the sponge to clean her sex. The warm silky contact caused a torrent of memories to pop up. Showing off her pussy to Phil Jones, and driving him so crazy he had to fuck her. Larry's huge cock head that was crammed into her willing vagina until both climaxed hard. The taste of his beautiful wife's pussy and feel of her large, essentially perfect tits and the seductive feel of Azure's slivering tongue. She dropped the sponge and started to play with her folds. Fired up by the recollection of her husband having sex with Jennifer. Her worries ceased, replaced by desire. Her body wanted more. Abruptly, she stopped realizing time was getting away. Quickly she rinsed off, applied conditioner to her hair and turned the heat up for one last moment of relaxation which caused her to think about the upcoming night.

"Hey, why are you showering in here?" Mick asked after slipping into the glass shower stall.

Tela didn't hear or see him enter and was startled by his question. "Shit honey. You scared me." She also noticed her husband's cock was rock hard and pointing at her. "I thought I'd let you sleep some more. Didn't want to wake you up by the noise in our shower." Mick gave her a kiss, and it was sweet, but the feeling of his swollen cock pressed up against her belly distracted her. After the kiss, she turned around, bent her back a little and leaned against the glass wall. "We don't have much time," was all she stated as she used one hand to hold herself open. Mick's cock eased into her, and he took her. Both experienced an early morning orgasm which filled the rest of the morning's preparation with flirting, smiles and laughter.

Ten minutes before lunch, Tela received a call from Mick. "Look outside, towards the front," was all he said before hanging up. After the events of the last few days, her mind was intrigued, and her crotch dampened. When she looked down from the third story she saw her husband standing across the street, waiving like a lunatic that didn't care what the world thought and holding a pair of shoes. A few minutes later, she joined him.

"What are you doing?"

"Changing things. Can't you tell?" Mick asked.

"You are crazy. What's with the shoes?"

"Well, after our activities I think we have all the more reason to keep in shape, and I figure as part of that we can go for lunch time walks two to three days a week. We only work half a mile apart. So, thus the shoes. Ohh, and they come with rules."

"What rules?" Tela asked suspiciously.

"When we walk there are talk rules. No complaining. Only upbeat topics or ways to improve us, you or whatever. Each walk, both of us, have to try and make the other laugh-at least once. If either of us spots a sexy person, we let the other person know and tell them why the person is sexy. We hold hands. And, feel free to add any other fun rules you like."

Tela was staggered by her husband's request. A tear silently luged down one cheek. It was promptly followed by a smile, and ginormous hug. "That sounds great. Thank you, honey!" The spent the next ninety minutes, walking about aimlessly, enjoying soup from a cart, laughing and, a few times, letting the other know what was erotic about a certain person. Often, it was their smile, laugh or language play, in combination with a fit body.

When Mick walked her back to the office, they agreed to meet at a wine bar for dinner and travel together for their massage. For both, the afternoon crawled. Tela was certain the massage would involve some degree of sex, but without the restrictions of the strip club. She couldn't help but smile when thinking about touching and kissing Azure's body. This time, she would make sure Azure or Ann, and her husband, coupled. Mick's also daydreamed of the night ahead. They included full-on sex with his tenant, and witnessing his wife soar through a truckload of orgasms.

At dinner the two were giddy and nervous. Accidentally, they pushed through two bottles of cab, and several appetizers before noticing it was 6:45 p.m. The bill was promptly paid. The two speed off to the apartment that was located twenty minutes away. On the way, Tela teased her husband. "Do you think this full body massage will involve her touching your dick at all?" While asking, she fondled his package and forced him to chuckle.

"I'm sure it will, but I bet she does more than touch your juicy parts."

"Well, after last night, I sure hope so. Have you had her massage you before?"

"No. But I will admit I've thought about seeing her naked a time or two," Mick replied.

"You mean, more like every time you see her. She is hot. There's something about her light blue eyes, dark hair and curvy figure that just screams sex. I want to see her cum." The last admission drew a laugh from Mick.

"I want to see both of you cum. At least a few times." The last request was made just as Mick pulled up to the warehouse. Several different companies rented out space from industrial six story building. Originally, it was an investment his Dad talked him into, and became all his once his father passed. He had to admit, it would probably be the best investment he'd ever made. On the top, was a three-bedroom apartment. While, there was no yard, it did have a nice large patio with big protective walls. 

They took the elevator up and rang the bell and were greeted by their tenant. She was wearing a white halter top, and matching white shorts that were made of cotton. The outfit was tight, but thick enough to block the darkness of her nipples. "Hello, please come in. And remember, Azure is not here. I much prefer Ann."

They exchanged greetings, and Tela was surprised by the formalities. The living room and kitchen were a combined great room, solid zebra wood floors and white walls, with large ten foot windows that provided an amazing view of the downtown lights. "We'll, start in the bathroom. Follow me," Ann stated. The couple followed her to an open door and went inside. The room was large. A white claw-foot tub was off to one side, and an open double headed glass shower on the other. A door on the third wall concealed the toilet, and next to the door was a two-sink vanity.

"Why don't you two remove your clothes, take a quick cleansing shower and hop in the tub. Once you are in, please ring the bell on the stand and I'll return." With the instructions announced, Ann left the room. Mick and Tela did as asked, both feeling a bit shy and unsettled.

When Tela walked up to the tub, she did let out an "ohh my." It was half full, with a few inches of bubbles on top, and on top of the bubbles were scattered dozens of rose petals. Carefully, she climbed in, and was followed by her husband. The tub was extra long, so their legs barely intertwined. Mick lifted the bell, and gave it a gentle shake.

Shortly afterwards, Ann appeared carrying a bottle of champagne, and two full flutes. She handed the flutes out, left the room and returned with a flute of her own. "Cheers to pleasant relaxation," she toasted the couple. They sipped their bubbles, while Ann explained the process.

She let them know it wasn't just a massage, but also about breathing and learning to control one's body to extend sexual bliss. This knowledge would be passed on via word of mouth, and through the body massage process. Once the talk was finished, she cheered the couple again, refilled their flutes and pulled out a luffa sponge. Slowly, she scrubbed and washed both of their bodies. It was unrushed and covered every part.

When finished, Ann instructed the couple to carefully climb out of the tub and stand on a thick cotton matt. Once out, she adjusted the shower temperature and asked them to rinse off the excess bubbles and rose petals in the shower. While they were doing so, Ann opened the door and handed Mick a small device that looked like a pen. "This is a vaporizer filled with a pot blend that will help you relax. For first time couples, I've found this makes a huge difference in their enjoyment of the massage. Go ahead and take a few puffs."

Mick looked over at his wife with a questioning glance, but smiled and took a puff before he handed it to his wife. Tela had enjoyed the occasional joint while in college, but Mick was averse to its use. With a smile she took the pen and took two puffs before handing it back to him. He had another hit, before handing it back and exiting from the shower. Tela took her time, and liberally breathed from the pen a few more times before egressing from the hot shower.

Ann was waiting for her with a warmed towel. She'd already dried off her husband, which had left him with a half erect cock. The towel felt wonderfully soft. Ann dabbed and rubbed away the beads of water, then wrapped the two in fluffy white cotton robes. "For the massage, we are going out to the patio. There are gas heaters, and heat lamps set up, so we'll be plenty warm. The starlight is amazing. Maybe next time, we can use the living room. It's a tough view to beat, and that way there is something to entice repeat business."

The group slowly walked out to the patio, where it was warm. In addition to the heaters, lights were also strung up which were sufficient to illuminate two massage tables, and between them a high wooden bench contained a pitcher of water and a metal bowl with a candle underneath it. "Please lay face down. I have glasses of water for you to sip at any time, and the oil I use is a warmed coconut oil. No allergies I hope." Tela and Mick shook their heads negatively. "Good. Before I start there is one other item. I tried to get a girlfriend to assist me, but with the little notice she had it didn't work out. There is another person I work with. His name is Curtiss and he has impressively powerful hands that most people fall in love with. However, some couples aren't comfortable with a male presence. It's an option. If you'd like such, I can give him a call as he lives close by. If not, I perfectly understand, and will share myself with the both of you. If you are comfortable, then I'd have him work with Tela, while I'd engage with Mick."

Tela was starting to feel a buzz, and her focus was on the "share myself" language. It sent a zing to her freshly cleaned crotch.

"I'm ok with that," Mick spoke out. "Are you fine with it honey?"

"Yeah sure," Tela answered as she silently cussed at herself. She should not have taken those extra hits, as she could barely remember the original question. Ahh, yes, another massager. That would be good. She smiled and returned her head to the massage table hole.

"I'll give him a call, then start with Tela. Be right back," Ann advised. She returned a minute later. "He'll be here in about fifteen. Tela I'm going to get you started. You'll feel the warm oil being poured on you. If it's too hot, please let me know." Ann scooped out a ladle of the oil and poured a thin zig-zag stream across Tela's back and buttocks. Purposefully, she drizzled a stream down Tela's crack and moved from there to coating her thighs and calves. With the massage oil distributed, Ann started to work her fingers into Tela's neck and back. Initially, it was deep, but after her back the touch became light and sensual. The same process was repeated with Tela's buttocks, thighs and legs. The light touch felt erotic on Tela's bottom, causing her nipples to tighten up.

From the other table, Mick noticed the subtle signs of excitement from his wife, and that Ann's nipples were now poking through the fabric of her tube top. His cock was close to being hard, just from watching the work.

"Can you roll over now?" Ann asked. "I'll work on your front side a bit before Curtiss gets here." Tela complied with the request. She was obviously comfortable as she positioned her arms up above her head. Ann scooped up more oil and spread it across Tela's breasts, stomach, hips and legs. She started the process again, much as she'd worked on Tela's back. This changed when Ann started to work on her breasts. They weren't kneaded, but instead teased. Spiraling circles were drawn all around her tits, except the nipples were avoided. The teasing was building up desire.

Ann's hand ended their tease by moving downwards. Her palms were placed over Tela's overies, pushed in and up. The move was repeated several times and performed slowly. "This is the sacred area in women. It's where life is created, nourished and ripened. Within it is a sexual component meant to encourage life. Through this area you are connected to the world and universe. Unfortunately, in the male dominated society, the sacred spot has not been cared for properly. It is not a coincidence that only women can achieve orgasm over and over. Be proud of this and let it happen. Sex is good for you. Enjoy the sacred gift that comes with the ability to create life."

Tela wasn't sure what to make of Ann's speech, but she did like the notion that women should be proud of their ability to cum more than once and take advantage of it. At the same time, it all seemed surreal. Dreamlike. The pot was definitely kicking in. Ann pulled her palms away and lowered hands to a spot just above Tela's upper mound. She started to move her fingertips rapidly, as if she were typing. "I'm awakening the sexual energy of your G-spot with external raindrops. Preparing it for the evening."

Wow, thought Tela. It sounded like the massage was going to go on for hours. What she felt was the fingers should be placed elsewhere. Her wish was granted. Ann moved her hand, during which Tela sprayed her knees out, so Ann had complete access to her womanhood. Ann place a palm right on top of her clit and started to rapidly shake it. "Ohh," Tela sighed while pushing her hips upwards. The movement also made her recall how intense sex could be while high. This memory brought forth a big smile. The vibrating palm ceased and was replaced with short crisp slaps directly to her vagina. Tela wanted to close her legs, but surprisingly found herself raising her hips upwards.

The slapping ended, and Ann slowly slid two fingers deep into Tela's pussy. It was well lubricated. The fingers started to move back and forth, and with her other hand Ann rubbed the area around Tela's clit. Very shortly, Tela moaned out luxuriously.

"Ohh, that's good. Ahhh, huh. So, good!"

In response, Ann pushed her fingers in her up to Ann's knuckles, then started to make a rapid come-hither movement to Tela's upper left inner pussy. Commonly known as the G spot, while continuing to tease and lightly pinch her clit. This was a game changer.

Tela's moaning grew several notches in volume and frequency. Her hip jutted upwards, as she squeezed her nipples with her own fingers. "Do you feel your yoni wanting to release the sacred energy?"

"Ohhh gawd, ohhhhhh yessss. Shitttt. It's so intense," Tela's voice quivered.

"You will cum soon. It will be forceful," Ann announced just as the first branches of her orgasm were felt.

"AHHHH, Fuckkkk!" Tela roared. Her body was shimmering from the oil and sweat. For thirty seconds, her entire body went rigid, with not a sound emerging then it went limp. Simple moans slipped out from Tela's lips as her hands occasionally shook. Just then the doorbell rang, and Ann excused herself. A minute later Ann returned.

"Curtiss is here. He'll take a quick shower and change into his attire. Tela why don't you just stay put, close your eyes and focus on breathing. Each breath should start from your pelvic region and be slowly forced out entirely. When you inhale, do so slowly, yet fully. I'll get started on Mick, and Curtiss will be with you shortly. Tela did close her eyes, but breathed regularly as her mind was reeling. She couldn't ever recall cumming so hard. Especially, she was baffled that it had come at the hands of a woman.

Her next memory was hearing Ann request Mick to roll over to his front. Then she heard a deep voice. "Hello, I'm Curtiss." Tela opened her eyes, and knew they almost bulged out. In front of her was a 6'4" black man that looked like he'd been chiseled from stone. He had a pleasing face, gentle smile and was wearing the same type of white cotton shorts as Ann. The front was curved out causing Tela to think he likely had an impressive package. She couldn't believe she was laying before him buck ass naked, and with her legs lewdly spread.

"Hi, I'm Tela," she meekly responded.

"And this is Mick, her husband," Ann added. "How about if you show her your version of the yoni massage while I work on Mick?"

"Sounds good," Curtiss answered as he took the spot next to Tela and started to apply additional warm oil to her body. His hands started at her shoulders and from there moved to her breasts. He didn't tease her like Tela did, instead he firmly squeezed her entire breast and purposefully squeezed her nipples until she squirmed a touch. Afterwards, he worked his fingertips downwards. Over her stomach, past her sensitive hip bones, onto her thighs and stopping at her knees. There his hands changed directions, slowly working their way upwards while kneading her inner thigh.

Tela was embarrassed. Meeting a young hunk for the first time, and feet from his eyes was her wet open pussy. However, she was unusually horny and knew that once he touched her petals the embarrassment would be gone and replaced with lust. When his fingers got to her mound, they jumped over her sex and instead applied pressure to the region where Ann's palms had pressed in. The third time Curtiss repeated this, Tela couldn't help but raise up her mound to try and initiate contact. She needed it.

Mick was partially watching his wife's reactions, and he was delighted by the sexual frustration building up, knowing that eventually it would be released. Ann was playing the same game with him, but was at least gently massaging his testicles.

After what seemed like an hour, Curtiss initiated contact with Tela's vagina. He didn't vibrate her pubic mound, but instead slowly pushed two fingers completely into her. Tela's eyes popped open as she felt herself being stretched wide, and realized Curtiss had large thick fingers. The two of his fingers combined were larger than ninety percent of the cocks she'd had. Her two hands gripped the edge of the table as Curtiss started to move his fingers in and out of her opening. The pace started slow and was speeding up. During this phase he used the thumb of his other hand to wiggle it over her clit. Almost immediately, Tela let out with a train of moans. "Ohhh, ohhhh, ohhhh, ohhhh."

Across from her, Ann and Mick were watching keenly. Ann was gently caressing Mick's rigid cock, while he'd pushed up her top to play with her nipples. But it was Curtiss' finger screwing of Tela that had their attention. Tela's moaning grew louder, as Curtiss' hand began pistoning in and out of her pussy. Her head was bent backwards, and finally she screamed out, "Fuckkkkk I'mmm cummmiinnggggg!" Her body shook as before, except this time it continued to shake well after Curtiss withdrew his hand. When Tela looked up, her eyes were glazed over and as she asked, "I've never had a massage like this. Holy shit."
