 The babysitter had arrived at 6:30, just as Andy had arranged. The kids were playing in the backyard, but they came running when they heard Hannah's voice. The kids loved Hannah. She was a student at the local college, studying to be an elementary teacher. For her, babysitting was an opportunity to get off-campus and have some quiet time to study. For Andy and Luke, she was a blessing. With no family in town, it was nice to have someone they could trust watch the kids every once in awhile.

Tonight, Andy and Luke were having a date night. Luke had just gotten out of the shower and was shaving. Andy was almost ready to go; she walked into the bathroom to put the finishing touches on her make-up. 

"Mmmmmm, you smell so good." Andy sighed as her brushed past Luke to get to her side of the bathroom counter. "Hannah's here, she's out back with the kids. She doesn't have to be back to school until 11:00 tomorrow."

"Good. What time is our reservation?" Asked Luke.

"7:30, we should probably hurry, if we don't want to be late."

Luke washed the last of the shaving cream off of his face and turned to face Andy. "I don't mind being late, do you?" Luke smiled and took Andy in his arms, his body still damp from the shower.

Andy looked up at him, her green eyes bright with desire "There's always time for a quickie," she said, "but you need to save something for later, I booked the Jacuzzi suite for us."

Luke groaned then scooped Andy up, resting her on the edge of the counter, kissing her passionately. He pushed her black dress up and moved her panties to the side entering her immediately. 

"Oh God...yes" moaned Andy as she ran her hands over his back. Luke nibbled on her neck as he thrust his cock ever deeper into her. Their lips met, and the intensity mounted until, while looking into each other's eyes, they climaxed together.

"Uhhhhh, thank you Andy, I needed that." Luke smiled and kissed Andy, then stepped into the bedroom to get dressed.

"Yes, I can't think of a better start to the evening" Andy grinned and turned to finish her make-up.

Andrea was 34 years old, and she told everyone she was 5'5", but in truth, she was probably closer to 5'4". Over the years her golden blonde hair had darkened to a honey brown with a very slight wave to it. She kept it fairly short in a chin length bob. Tonight she had straightened her hair, but just like Andy, its wild side was sure to come out as the night wore on.

Andy projected the image of the perfect wife and mother. A stay at home mom, Andy was active in the community and president of the Parent Advisory Council. She took pride in her appearance and even though she had gained some weight over the years, she carried it well. She was wearing a black dress, fitted through the bodice then flaring out into a full skirt, perfectly accentuating her hourglass figure. Just a glimpse of her ample breasts could be seen through the keyhole neckline.

"What do you think Luke, should I wear my pearls tonight?" Andy asked as she peered into her jewellery box, a little grin upon her face.

"I love your pearls" answered Luke. Somehow Andy made her string of pearls and drop earrings look erotic. They were exactly right for a night on the town.

Luke took the pearls from Andy and holding them up, she turned around offering him the back of her neck. Luke clasped the necklace around her neck, and then gently kissed her nape.

Andy moaned, "Now stop that or we'll never leave." She turned around and gave Luke a playful kiss on the lips, then reached down and grabbed his balls. She laughed, as she scampered to the other side of the bed. "Well, well, don't you look hot tonight?"

Luke was wearing a new black dress shirt and dark jeans. A complete departure from what he usually wore as the principal at the local high school. If his students could see him now, there would be quite a line of girls at his office on Monday morning. At 35, a few grey hairs had started to appear in his short dark hair. His crystal blue eyes danced with mischief as he grabbed the overnight bag. "Let's go!"

They kissed the kids goodbye, gave Hannah the name of the hotel where they would be staying and were on their way. 

After an excellent dinner at their favourite Italian restaurant, Luke and Andy made their way to the Hotel and Casino where they would be staying for the rest of the night. The property had just opened and, being the only Casino in the area, had been very busy since opening the previous weekend. Andy went to the front desk to check in while Luke checked out the Casino. After getting the keys, Andy joined Luke at the slots. 

"Wow, I knew it would be busy, but this is crazy" commented Andy. 

Luke had found a machine at the quarter slots. "I think the word has gotten out that the slots are loose, I've never seen anything like this, I lucked out getting this machine."

"We're in room 1205, here's your key. Do you mind if I go freshen up a bit?" Asked Andy. "I'll take the bag up and be right back." 

"Are you sure? I can come up with you."

"No, it looks like you snagged a good machine; we don't want to lose it. I'll be back soon." Andy kissed Luke, grabbed the bag and headed for the lobby. 

When Andy returned she was looking even more stunning. "The room's great, a king size bed and a jacuzzi."

The machine beside Luke opened up as the older woman playing it ran out of credits. Andy sat on the stool put her hand on Luke's knee. 

"I'm looking forward to getting you in there. I have an idea of what I'd like for dessert," Luke grinned as he pulled the handle on the slot. "We're doing great, I just won again!"

"Luck is with you tonight." Andy laughed.

"It sure is," Luke leaned over and kissed Andy. "I've got the hottest woman in the room beside me."

Andy looked around her, noticing for the first time that they were well below the average age at the casino. "Well there isn't much for competition, but that just means I'll get you upstairs sooner." Andy leaned over and whispering, told Luke some of the things she was planning to do to him.

"Excuse me, sorry but is it ok if we play on this machine?"

Andy sat up and looked at the man who had spoken to her and was very pleasantly surprised. He was just a bit shorter than Luke with light hair and brown eyes, probably around 28 and very handsome. Behind him stood the most striking young woman, strawberry blonde hair fell around her shoulders. Gorgeous grey eyes peered out through long thick eyelashes. In a lime green summer dress that clung provocatively to her curves, she was a vision of beauty.

Andy smiled and stood. "Of course."

"Thank you, here Gina you should play," he said to his girlfriend.

Andy sat on Luke's lap as Gina sat on the stool beside them. "Thanks Todd, wish me luck!" Gina fed some money into the machine, pushed the maximum bet button and pulled the handle. 

Luke whispered to Andy "Well things are certainly looking up."

"Ummhmmm," agreed Andy. "She's so beautiful. And look at him, just amazing." With that she looked up at the man and said "I'm Andy, and this is my Husband Luke."

"I'm Todd, and this is Gina."

"Are you celebrating anything tonight?" Andy asked.

"It's our anniversary, five years since our first date," Gina was beaming.

"Congratulations, that's a long time" said Luke.

"What about you guys, any special reason for coming out on a Thursday?" Gina asked.

"Nope, just a night out." Said Luke, "I'm glad you two showed up, we were beginning to feel out of place."

Todd and Gina laughed in agreement, then went back to playing their machine. There was tension in the air, a sexual tension that they weren't quite ready to acknowledge. 

The couples continued to play side my side. As the tension built, heated looks were exchanged between the couples. 

"I'm thirsty" Andy whispered to Luke. "Buy me a drink?"

Luke looked up at Todd, "We're going to head to the lounge for a drink, care to join us?"

"Sure," said Todd, "why not?"

Luke and Gina cashed out their machines and the guys took the slips to the cage while Andy and Gina headed to the lounge to get a table.

The lounge was fairly empty and as they were choosing a corner table overlooking the gardens, Luke and Todd joined them. "Not too bad, two hundred and sixty four dollars," said Luke. "We may have to come here more often."

As the drinks kept coming, the talk was getting more and more personal and the group felt like they had known each other for years. Todd and Gina were like a slightly younger version of Luke and Andy, before kids. 

"Well, it's pretty late and I'm in no condition to drive so if it's ok with you Gina, I'm going to see about getting a room for the night." Todd suggested.

"Mmmm, I'd like that!" replied Gina. "While you're doing that, I need to use the little girl's room."

Andy said "I think I'll join you."

"And I'll settle the bill." Luke Replied.

Gina gave Todd a kiss and turned to Andy, "Shall we." They linked arms and walked to washroom giggling like a couple of school girls with a secret.

The guys watched them leave, Todd commented, "I haven't seen her like this in a while. Moving here has been hard on her, she hasn't really had any girlfriends."

"Well it looks like she's got one now." Said Luke "Andy could use a girlfriend too."

The men went about their business as the women entered the washroom. It was very luxurious inside, with sinks and vanities to the left, a seating area straight ahead, and stalls on the right. Mirrors covered the walls in the seating area and vanities and every other surface appeared to be gold and marble.

Andy and Gina met back up at the vanities, their eyes locked. Andy had always fantasized about being with a woman, but she'd never met someone she felt comfortable enough with to act on it. In the course of one evening, Gina and Andy had become friends, was there a possibility of more? "God you're beautiful." She leaned toward Gina, "wait, you've got something right...here." 

Their lips met, hesitantly at first then with more urgency. Gina pulled away, "I've never..." Andy pulled Gina towards her, slowly moving her hands up Gina's body.

"Me neither..." whispered Andy, "but I've wanted to all night. Are you ok?"

Gina nodded. Strangely, she was ok, even better than ok, she was enthralled. She'd never thought about the touch of another woman before, but it seemed so natural now. Andy's lips were soft, where Todd's were powerful. She couldn't help but wonder what it would be like to be even more intimate with a woman, with Andy. 

"We should get back out there, I'm sure the men are waiting for us." Andy smiled.

When the girls returned the men were discussing something. "I guess we could try the motel down the street. Or just go back to the casino until I can drive us home."

"What's up?" asked Gina.

Todd looked up, "the Hotel's full, what do you think should we try that place down the street or –"

"Why don't you stay with us?" Andy interrupted, looking at Luke for approval. He smiled. "There's plenty of room. I'm sure I saw a hide-a-bed."

Todd hesitated "I don't know, I mean, this is your night out. We wouldn't want to get in the way."

"If you're sure its ok," Gina smiled at Andy. "We'd love to."

"Then it's settled." Andy grabbed Luke's hand and started walking toward the Lobby before anyone could argue.

The elevator ride was awkward, Gina kept looking at Andy, Andy kept looking at Gina. Nobody knew what would happen once they arrived in the room, but they were all excited about the possibilities.

Finally they were there, standing outside room 1205. Luke inserted his key and opened the door. "Perfect." Was all he said.

As the group crossed the threshold they understood. Candles were lit throughout the room, vibrant red rose petals were scattered across the King sized bed. The jacuzzi was filled and chocolate dipped strawberries and chilled champagne waited on the armoire.

"I made a call, while I settled the bill, I hope you don't mind." Luke looked around.

"Oh, it's wonderful, thank you!" Andy threw her arms around Luke. "I love you so much!" She kissed him with passion and unzipped her dress. "I don't know about you, but I'm not letting that water get cold, who'll join me?"

To Todd's disbelief, Gina started to undress as well. He had often fantasized about seeing Gina with a woman, or even another man, but every time the subject had come up she seemed upset by it. So he'd stopped mentioning it at all, and they had settled into a routine if somewhat infrequent sex life. Now it seed like his fantasy might be coming true tonight. 

Luke smiled, "I'll pour the champagne Todd, why don't you join the girls?"

Gina finished undressing quickly and got into the jacuzzi. Andy was not quite so shy and took her time disrobing before slowly lowering her body into the tub. She looked at Gina and smiled, her hand slowly caressing Gina's naked body. Her breasts were small and perfectly round, her nipples hard and dark. Gina reached out to Andy and pulled her lips to her, kissing her with the passion that had been building throughout the night. Andy moved her lips down Gina's body to her neck, then her nipples all the while exploring her body under the water with her hands.

It didn't take Todd long to undress and enter the jacuzzi. As he sat beside Gina, she turned to kiss him. Gina moaned as he too took her nipple into his mouth. 

Andy then lifted Gina's hips and guided her to sit on the edge of the jacuzzi. She continued to run her tongue down Gina's body; to her abdomen and finally to her core. 

Luke walked over, sat on the edge of the jacuzzi and handed Todd a glass of champagne. The men sat back to watch the events unfolding before them.

"Mmmmm..." was all Andy could manage as she eagerly tasted her first pussy. She flicked her tongue over Gina's swelling clit. Andy's hands were running over Gina's hips and lower back, then down to her thighs and back up, gently brushing her pubic hair before returning to her hips. Finally Andy brought her hands to the inside of Gina's thighs and paused. Gina's hips thrust forward, begging for penetration and Andy happily obliged allowing two fingers to enter Gina's hot, wet pussy. Andy could feel Gina contract in orgasm almost instantly.

Andy brought her fingers to her mouth, provocatively licking Gina's cum from her fingers. Then Andy bent down and ran her tongue over Gina's pussy, parting her labia and dipping her tongue inside. Bringing her tongue back to Gina's clit, Andy again allowed her fingers to enter Gina, burying them inside of her then pulling them out slowly, over and over. 

Without removing her fingers, Andy pulled Gina back into the jacuzzi and they kissed again. Gina moved her mouth down to Andy's full breasts, while her hands explored Andy's body. Finally, Gina crouched down and, reading her cues, Andy stood. 

Andy stood in the middle of the jacuzzi with her back to the men; Gina faced her and slowly licked the water from Andy's body, ending at her pussy. The feeling of a woman's tongue teasing Andy's clit and slipping inside her, brought her to the brink of ecstasy. No longer able to stand without support, Andy brought her hands down to the side of the tub, leaning over Gina's head. 

Luke stood up and undressed coming over to Andy. He bent down and kissed her, tasting a woman on his wife's lips for the first time. Luke then stood and Andy took his cock into her mouth, leaning over the edge of the tub with her ass in the air. Andy ran her tongue over the head of Luke's cock and down the shaft. She took all of him into her mouth; sucking, licking and nibbling.

With a nod from Luke, Todd took advantage of Andy's position, placing his hard cock against her waiting pussy. He entered Andy slowly, filling her completely. After only a few strokes, he pulled his cock out and pressed it to her ass as if asking permission. 

Andy lifted her ass up further and moaned "Oh God, yes...yes!"

Gina scooted out from underneath Andy, turned around and took Luke's cock. She then stepped out of the jacuzzi and led Luke over to the bed. She lay him down then climbed up between his legs and took his cock into her mouth. It had been years since he'd felt anyone but Andy on his cock and it felt so good, better than he could have imagined.

After a few minutes of cock sucking, Gina crawled up on top of Luke and kissed him. Then she lowered herself onto Luke's cock until she sat on his hips. Sitting up straight, Gina rocked back and forth, riding Luke like a raging bull and bringing them both to an intense climax.

Meanwhile, Todd had pushed his engorged cock into Andy's tight ass, and was now pounding her relentlessly. Andy looked over her shoulder at Todd then back to the bed where her husband was lying, tangled up with Gina. Thinking of what they were all doing and the prospects of what was to come for the rest of the night had Andy ready to cum. When she felt Todd stiffen she let go and they both collapsed back into the jacuzzi with cries of orgasm. 

The foursome played for the remainder of the night. Nobody had much sleep, but a new friendship was formed, one that would last for a long time to come.