 Cheerleading outfits are really not that sexy. At least, not any I've ever had. They're all cheap, synthetic fabric that doesn't quite fit right and feels anything but sensual. But every single guy in the world seems to have a massive hard-on for them, so I decided to give the boys a little treat.

Let me back up.

I'm Amy, and I love sex. I mean, really. It's the fucking best.

I've known since my first time, with Connor Biltz. It was totally vanilla, me on my back, him fumbling around, but oh my god. I knew. Sure, I had broken my hymen years before with a well-loved hairbrush. I had shared stories and laughed with my friends at those dirty girls' magazines, pretending not to be curious about the things we mocked. But when I spread my legs and felt him push inside me, a whole new world opened up.

Conner was a decent lay, with an average dick, but he didn't last too long that first time. Not long enough for me. I was not about to end my first time like that, so when he didn't have another condom, I raided my parents drawers until I found one. I'm glad they had one, because I'm not sure I could have stopped myself had they not.

I got him hard again with one hand, my other fingers buried between my legs. And then I told him to fuck me some more, until I came harder than I ever had, spasming around his cock on twisted, sweaty sheets.

Finally satisfied, I had to be alone to process this revelation. I sent him home, went right back up to my room, and squeezed his cum out of the condom onto my desk. I pushed it around, testing it, fascinated. I had blown him before, but then I had just swallowed, no time to inspect anything on my own except for the peculiar taste. Now, even isolated on my desk, it felt exotic and sexy. I made myself come twice more that night. Yeah, I've known since my first time.

But it's not like I went sex-crazy after that. Yeah, I suddenly found myself a lot more interested in carving out some time to sneak away with Connor, but since we broke up I've only had one other boyfriend. With Dev, I admit I learned some wonderful things about being on top. Still, he only lasted a few months, and I've been on a dry spell since then.

And when I say cheerleading outfits aren't sexy, what I mean is that they don't turn me on, but I decided to wear one anyway for the benefit of the guys I invited to gangbang me.

Okay, I know that's kind of an unusual thing for a high school girl to do. And it's not like I just woke up one morning thinking, "You know what I want tonight? As many dudes as possible shoving their dicks inside me. I should put up a flyer." I actually put quite a lot of time and thought into this.

(By the way, I can totally picture that flyer: "Come one come all! It's a slut-mitzvah! Fuck Amy, and bring your friends!" Then a grainy photo of me, legs spread and looking sad that I'm not yet surrounded by penis. Little strips of paper at the bottom for people to tear off with my contact info on the back and drawings of dicks on the front. If only I could get away with such a thing.)

I guess it all really got started after I had sex with Connor and discovered the wonderful world of porn on the web. Sure, I had masturbated before then, but I had always found my imagination perfectly adequate until I felt a real dick in my hands and between my legs.

I started out with the basic boy/girl scenes, but there's always one more related video, and one thing leads to another, and soon I was hooked on threesomes with two guys, and more often than not I found myself sitting in my desk chair with my hand down my panties wondering what it would feel like to take the place of the girl with her mouth and pussy both full of dick. From there it was a short step to gangbangs. I don't know what it is, but there's something about seeing a girl with cum all over her, still getting fucked while she sucks off every cock in reach, that just floods my panties every time.

So it went from curiosity to fantasy, and spent a long time there before I realized it might be an actual possibility. After all, it's the end of my senior year of high school, every guy is dying to get some, and I've got the looks to get their attention. And with everyone about to go off to various colleges, I figured this was my best chance to not have everyone I know talking about it. I don't need that kind of reputation, and I couldn't really keep it anonymous. I'm not about to get murdered by some creep from Craigslist just because I can't keep my legs closed. Plus, this way I could work with known quantities.

I chose four guys from different social circles to minimize the chances of them talking to each other. (Nothing good ever comes from letting guys talk to each other.) First there's Aaron, the kind-of jock who never quite fit in with the rest of those douchebags. He's got a great body from playing basketball, but he isn't tall enough to have a chance at making a career out of it. I ran into him pretty frequently when I was cheerleading, and we've actually had some pretty good conversations when we get the chance.

Tim I've known since elementary school, although the only time we really spent together was in Spanish class junior year, when we sat in the back and traded exasperated looks and snarky comments about the idiots that made up the rest of that class. A string of "that's what she said" jokes which devolved into innuendo and half-joking propositions had gotten serious enough that I felt pretty confident he'd be down for this.

Harrison is sort of a class clown, friendly to everybody but not super tight with any clique. He had his heart broken by Stephanie Polk last year, and it would suit me just fine to give him something she could never offer. Steph and I used to be friends, until that bitch decided to share my diary with the rest of the seventh grade. I eventually pasted a smile on and said I forgave her, then hid cigarettes in her purse and got her suspended. I was happy to consider that the end of it, but she still thinks I'm the devil. I can't say I mind the opportunity to symbolically twist the knife a little, even if she never finds out about it.

Finally there's Charlie. He's quiet, kind of scrawny, and nerdy, but something about him is infinitely more interesting to me than the rest of the geeks. He's got a way of standing up straight, looking you in the eye, and speaking with absolute conviction when you engage him, no matter what you're talking about. It turns out that one of my favorite topics is sex (big surprise, I know), and he's as frank about that as he is about the weather. As a result, in our occasional run-ins we've talked more openly about porn, kinks, and the sexual habits of high schoolers than I have with most of my closest friends.

With my targets chosen, I just had to lure them in without scaring them off. Charlie was the easiest—there's no bullshit with him. All I did was message him one of my favorite gangbang videos (a subject we had briefly brushed on, back when I was just starting to discover them), along with "You wanna try?"

I didn't get a reply until the next day, when we crossed paths at school. He just locked eyes with me and said an emphatic "yes" as he passed my friend and I in the hall, leaving me to try to stifle my laughter and deflect her inquiries.

The others took longer. I had to ease them into the idea, flirting but letting them know I was serious, keeping things seriously dirty without giving away too much.

This entailed a bunch of late-night text conversations. During one with Tim, we got to talking about fantasies. "Ok so obvs every guys dream is 2 girls right?" I sent. I waited for a response in what had become my normal nighttime position: laying in bed on top of the sheets, with my knees up and my fingers under my panties.

"Hah ya I guess," came the reply.

"And?" I prodded. "Ever done it?"

"Lol no, I wish. What kind of player do you think I am?"

"Don't lie, I know you pull down," I sent back. Stroking the ego is important on the way to stroking the dick.

"Not that hard. Unless your offering :P"

"Nah if you can't pull a 3some on your own you don't deserve me and my long lost twin :P" I replied in the joking manner that had become natural for us.

"Hah well I guess I've gotten kinda closeish. More than most," he sent back, piquing my interest.

"Ooooh details Tim! You know I need em!"

"Lol of course. Small party, truth or dare. 2 girls ended up toplesss, making out, then making out with just about everyone there"

"Mmmm lucky you," I sent back, but really I was thinking lucky them. The thought of it thrilled me—exhibiting myself at a party, putting on a show with another girl, making my way around the circle of onlookers to give everybody a piece. I massaged myself with one hand and typed out the rest of my reply with the other. "What else goes on at your crazy parties? Might have to get myself an invite."

"O that can definitely be arranged ;) I guess I do have one other crazy party story, but you have to keep it tight. Like, really."

"Lips sealed," I sent back immediately. His reply took a minute or two to come, but damn was it worth it.

"Haha well....I kind of slept with a girl who did two other guys that night. Not at the same time."

Fuck, I thought, Tim was part of that? My pulse spiked when I imagined it. "Oh fuck that's hot! What # were you? Details! ;P" I felt my pussy flood, and suddenly the light circles I had been drawing around my clit just weren't cutting it. After quickly double-checking that my door was locked, I pulled off my panties and t-shirt and tossed them aside, then twisted around to retrieve my dildo from under the mattress. I was settling back and nestling it between my legs when my phone buzzed.

"#2. I kinda knew she had been fooling around with the first guy earlier but I was tipsy and didn't care. She pulled me into the bathroom just to blow me but I wasn't cumming so we fucked xD. That did the job haha. Didn't even know about guy 3 til the next week."

I dragged the hard purple tip of the dildo up and down my slit, getting it wet with my juices. As I eased it into my pussy, I wondered what it would be like to just grab guys at a party to run a train on me. I felt a flush of warmth between my legs in response. I wrote back, "Fun party! xD so how was it? Sloppy? :P"

"Hah well I wore a condom obviously. It was actually really hot. She pulled up her dress and I fucked her against the door, had to cover her mouth to keep her quiet. She wasn't wearing anything under that dress. Thats my only 1 night stand lol"

"Haha well damn it's a good one. So who was she? And the guys?" The dildo sent little crests of pleasure through my body as I worked it in and out. At the same time I pressed the back of my phone against my clit, and I got a delicious buzz when Tim texted back.

"Not gunna kiss and tell, even for you :P"

I already knew it was Karina, but his silence was a good sign. The funny thing about a school as big as Vallory High is that things like this can actually fly somewhat under the radar. I'd heard whispers, but never been able to get solid info on the guys involved. Of course, word was going to get out about the girl who got a train run on her at a party, but lucky for her it never really blew up. All the more reason for my plan to come together the summer after senior year.

I got back to texting. "Haha damn. So, be honest. How much have you cum thinking about that night since then?"

By the time he replied I was breathing heavily with each stroke of the dildo. "Uhhh no comment ;) but you may or may not have gotten me thinking about it again ;P"

"Good, I was hoping you were having as much fun as me right now ;D"

"xD well we can't know that for sure unless you show me how much fun your having ;)" 

You wish, I thought. Not spilling Karina's name isn't nearly enough to make you trustworthy. But what the hell, why not take one just to see? I opened the camera app, reached down around my leg to snap a low-angle shot, and pulled it up to see—fuck, that was a good picture. I've got that perfect "yeah, I know you want this" smirk on, my tits look full and perky, and my legs are framing the whole shot, just pulling your eye down to the dildo splitting open my pussy.

If I got that picture, I'd wanna fuck me. Maybe that's a bad example since it's a photo of me literally fucking myself, but still. It was, I must say, a work of art.

A work of art that only I would ever see. I groaned inwardly. Why do I have to be so damn responsible? There's a part of me that wanted nothing more than to send it and imagine him stroking his cock as he lusted after my body. I know he'd probably share it with his friends, but that just makes it hotter. I wanna know they're all in their beds and bathrooms, bent over their phones while they stare at my picture, shooting cum into socks and tissues and wishing they could come all over me instead.

I snapped out of my daydream and realized I was stroking the dildo hard in and out of my cunt, making the bed squeak with my efforts. Better not get too carried away. I deleted the picture before I could do something I would regret and tapped out a response to Tim. "Mmm you wish. But, I've got a proposition for something even more fun."

"Im listening"

"What if at that party, the other guys had been there at the same time?"

This was the crucial moment. I was sweating from arousal and nerves, working the dildo restlessly in and out while I stared through my phone screen, anxiously waiting for him to reply in disgust.

Finally it came. "That could have been fun"

I smiled. This was going to work out, and I had a feeling that Tim and I were both going to be coming tonight.

* * * * *

Aaron and Harrison weren't much harder to reel it. It turns out eighteen-year-old guys just really want to fuck. Crazy, right? However, a couple weeks after Aaron went hard for the bait, he started acting cagey and weird. Texts were not cutting it, so I cornered him at school between classes and dragged him backstage of the empty auditorium.

In the dim light I could make out the faintest trace of a smile on his lips, but it faded when he heard my tone.

"So what's the problem? You trying to puss out?"

"No, that's not it," he stammered.

"Afraid you'll forget to say 'no homo'?" I made no effort to hide my disdain.

He started to roll his eyes but didn't follow through. "No, I just—look, the idea of it is hot, sure." I stared him down until he continued. "I just don't know...I mean, it's a little unusual, isn't it?" He looked at me pleadingly.

"Oh, I see." I moved towards him and he stepped back, but he was backed up against the heavy stage curtain. I softened my tone a shade. "You're into it, you just want a little reassurance."

He was visibly relieved. "Yeah, I mean—"

I cut him off as I closed the gap between us. "Just a little reassurance. Because you're the one taking a risk here."

Once again nerves took over his expression. "No, it's just—I don't mean—"

"No, it's okay." We were only inches apart now, one of my feet between his. "You think you're taking a risk, so you want something in return." He flinched when my fingers touched his side. "But what is it you want exactly?"

I let the question linger, but he was smart enough to know I didn't want an answer. Instead I pressed my body against his and stared up at him. "What more could you possibly want, from the girl that just flat out gave you an invitation to fuck her?"

His eyes darted about nervously. "You want a sneak peek?" I asked, hooking a finger into my tank top and pulling it out to display my cleavage. "Go on, look," I commanded. From his angle, nearly a foot taller than me, he scarcely had a choice.

"No," I mused, releasing my shirt and leaning back in against him, "you can look down my shirt anytime." I shimmied slightly, just enough to rub my tits against his chest. "Maybe you're afraid you won't get enough attention when there's competition." I lowered my voice to a whisper and drew out every word, breathing them into him as he stared transfixed back at me. "Afraid I won't have time to take your long, hard cock in my mouth. That I won't lick you, and suck you, and pump the cum out of you." My hands wandered across his body while his hung limp at his sides. As I spoke I brushed my fingers over the front of his jeans and felt a twitch beneath the fabric.

I smiled. "Don't you worry. I'll make plenty of time to suck you off when you're not between my legs. And I'm damn good at it, too." I rubbed gently at his crotch, feeling his erection grow as I spoke. "But of course you knew that. What you really want is to not have to wait your turn."

His heart raced, pounding so hard I could feel it. "Yes, that's what it is, isn't it? You want me to blow you right now." I found his belt, unbuckled it, and started working on his jeans. "Right here, you want me to just get down on my knees and put my lips around your cock. You want me to suck you off until you come down my throat, so I can wipe my mouth and we can go right back to school like nothing happened."

I pulled his jeans down to his knees. His dick was straining at his boxers, begging to be freed. I stared him down for a moment, only a thin layer of fabric between my fingers and his stiff shaft. "Well, as fun as that sounds, it's not gonna happen." I gave him a little squeeze and an innocent smile as I stepped back.

"You're just gonna have to wait like everyone else," I said cheerfully and turned to walk away. "But I promise it'll be well, well worth the wait." I winked at him before I stepped out of sight, leaving him bewildered backstage with a raging erection and his pants around his knees.

* * * * *

After that little reminder of who held the power in this arrangement, Aaron fell into line. Finally I had four green lights and a date: the Saturday a couple weeks after graduation when my parents would conveniently be out of town.

Of course, I had some ground rules. Anyone could back out at any time, right up until they walked through my door (although, as Aaron now knew, I had no interest in making that an attractive option). Nobody was to breathe a word about it before or after, or I would do my very best to ruin their life. I felt pretty confident they wouldn't talk beforehand, for fear of ruining a good thing and because none of them knew who else would be participating. Afterwards, there were bound to be some leaks, but those would be scattered rumors, too preposterous to be true, and I would be long gone. I was willing to take the risk. Finally, I made everyone provide proof they were clean. I got some pushback on that one, from little angels who didn't want to go to the doctor and were oh-so-sure it was just impossible for them to have picked up an STD, but that bullshit doesn't fly with me. I doubted any of them had anything, but I was not about to roll the dice. That's the kind of thing I could see making national news if it went fuckup. 

With the guys sorted out, it was time for preparations on my end. My old cheerleading uniform seemed like the perfect outfit to set the tone: hyper-sexualized, a little over the top, and hopefully boner-magic for the boys. I also realized this might be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, and I had better make the most of it. To that end, I decided to record our little romp for posterity. I had three devices at my disposal: my phone, my laptop with its built-in webcam, and a digital camera. I decided the point-and-shoot would get the most mileage if I let the boys pass it around and capture things from every angle. There was no need to let them know about the video, though.

I propped up my phone on my bookshelf, plugged in and completely hidden except for the lens. My laptop could sit in plain sight, casually open on my desk with the screen blanked and a tiny bit of tape covering the recording light. I pulled my bed away from the wall to give us more maneuvering room and found great angles for the cameras on opposite sides. With my blinds opened just the right way, my bed got a good amount of natural light all through the afternoon and nobody could see in.
