 "So when do the games begin? I'm not here for the gossip, just for the hot, real action."

"Hold your thick horse with both hands, you stud." replied my wife, Sue. "We promised a good time, but no one said anything about 'action', whatever that means to you." She knew very well what it meant and that at least one of the wives would introduce her pussy to four stiff peters, but she HAD to protest no matter how transparent. "Let's refill our glasses and listen to Al's idea for a deviated, or is that deviant, game that he refused to tell even me about. Hrmph! Would anyone like a Slippery Nipple? I would." she grinned.

"OK, well, drink up. I'm sure someone will volunteer to make your nipple slippery shortly, hon. I hope someone will make or give me a Blowjob! I expected our time in the pool today to be much more exciting, more like last month, but now that we are 'safely' dry and inside, let's raise the stakes with our four lovely wives; unless we have a volunteer . . . NO? OK. Well, I was inspired for this uh game by the kid fable 'Peter and the Wolf' since the wolf tried to eat the bird, and really, really wanted pussy. So based on us, I called this game FOUR PETERS AND PUSSY. Everyone write your name, neatly, on these paper scraps, fold them and place them in a male or female pile. That's according to what you are, not what or who you want to eat. Mix up each pile and I'll pick a name from the pussy pile then Sue will pick a name from the peter pile. As creator of this game, I'll be the director, unless someone else wants it." No one did.

Cathy and Don were selected. Sue frowned at the thought that she might not be the first one naked. So much for her 'modesty' again! "Don, help me move this table away so you and Cathy can stand between the sofas facing each other. Yes, closer. Ed, you get to flip the coin. Males get HEAD and females get TAIL. The winner gets to take clothes off the loser. The problem is you ladies are all wearing cover-ups over your bikinis so you have a 3 to 1 advantage over us. So you should all lose them and we'll put on a T-shirt so we're evenly matched. Clothes should come off VERY slowly, teasingly, or even partially. Tops though can come off quickly. Let's start. Ed?"

All four women removed their wispy cover-ups and I lined up several tequila shots nearby. First flip was TAIL. Cathy teased Don's shirt off and tossed it aside. Both had another drink. Cathy was tall and slim, but shapely except for her small tits. She had a sexy swimmer body with shapely legs, rippling back and abs.

Her husband Charlie was used to seeing her tiny tits and thick, chewy nips easily and frequently escape her bra, bikini or her choice of crop tops. We all were also, and any of us, except the new couple, Ed and Evangeline (Evi), laughingly and loudly called out "C-NIP" at each escape and she had to kiss the first to spot an escape. After a few drinks, what she kissed got more risque. But she'd never been completely topless for us - before this night. 

Next coin flip was HEAD. "OK Cathy, what gets revealed first, your top or your tail?" Don asked. She blushed and pointed at her black top, and said we'd all seen her ugly nips anyway. She turned her back and Don unhooked her top. "Believe me hon, your nips are NOT ugly. I can't wait to get my tongue on them." She turned slowly to face him, already breathing deeply, hands at her sides so her top teased us with its looseness. Don put his hands on her shoulders and, after a pregnant pause, pulled her straps down her arms. 

Three of us shouted "C-NIP," startling Ed and Evi, as her small yet sexy tits appeared. She took a deep breath and pushed them out so we could admire her puckering nipples as they grew tall and firm. Evi blushed at the already exposed flesh. Goose bumps appeared among the barely visible, fine, pale fuzz on Cathy's pretty titys. She gave her husband a little peck, then took another drink.

"Cute aren't they?" Charlie asked no one in particular. "If we're done staring at my wife's tits, what's next? Flip that damn coin!" It was TAIL and Cathy yelped. She stared at Don's trunks, as we all did. They were actually shorts with pockets and no support so we watched a swelling mass grow along his left leg in anticipation. Cathy's nervous little tits bounced as she asked what she was to do.

I added a new rule, "Just pull the waist away so only you can look inside and see his growing 'appreciation' for your tits. You may have to loosen the button and unzip him. This view is JUST for you." She blushed, but peeked inside his shorts anyway. "Hold his shorts away from his body until I tell you to remove them."

A wild bush was visible behind his zipper and his appreciation continued to grow. He chided, "I'm about ready for a Blow job now!" and gulped a shot. Poor Evi looked terrified. Charlie grumbled.

Next flip was a HEAD. "Your turn, Don. Pull and hold her suit away and take a good, long look inside it. You may roll it down enough to show us her bush, if she has one." Charlie turned red yet his dick throbbed visibly as his wife's thick landing strip slowly appeared; Ed and Evi looked at each other wondering what they'd gotten into. Yet they had a very good idea what was coming. Cathy stood nervously, akimbo as she dared him to stare at her pussy and also looked down into her own extended bikini. We applauded as he held it far from her hips, nearly tearing the fabric. She was handed another drink and quickly downed it.

HEAD again. We were all smiles! "Now it's time for HER tail. Roll the back of her suit over her bubble butt and lock it where her slender, toned legs turn into an outstanding ass. Pull the front away again and down a little now so we can all see her clit. Bump it gently and wet your finger in her dampness. Hold it in there." I licked my lips at the thought of soon tasting that pearly bud that pushed farther out with each of her gasps. She gulped down another shot and was visibly woozy.

"I'm sorry, Sue, but I think I earned a Slippery Nipple first and . . . " Before she finished, Don leaned forward, licked around a stiff nipple and sucked ALL of her tiny tit into his mouth. His sigh said he enjoyed the taste and feel of her turgid nipple. "Ohhh, yes, like THAT is fiiiine!" Charlie bit his lip.

Ed flipped a TAIL! "Your turn, Cathy. Reach in there, firmly grip his dick and swivel it up and guide it out. Now slide your hand down his stiff cock and pull his sac out as you push his shorts lower. Leave his cock and balls propped up like that and slowly jerk his cock." More applause. Don had another drink and smirked as his cock swelled further in Cathy's firm hand. Charlie grunted.

The next flip was HEAD. "It's about time Cathy removes her bikini with your help, Don." He pulled it down in front and let us see her shaved labia for several seconds before letting it snap back. He wiggled it down her legs with his face fixed at her glistening labia. In seconds, he had it off and happily sniffed her damp gusset then tossed the bikini to Ed. While he considered the options and awaited directions, Charlie and I stripped as the remaining women clapped and taunted us. 

"Put your finger back inside her, deeper now. Finger her as she jerks you. Find her G-spot and let's see who cums first." Don's beautiful, busty wife, Dawn, stepped up and, though blushing, pushed his shorts to the floor from behind. Once he stepped out of them, both our subjects were fully naked and performing for us. Both took a drink with their free hand and ignored us, fixed only on each other's eyes.

As we watched and listened to the groans, grunts and moans from the performing couple, Ed stepped between and behind Sue and Dawn. Caught up in the performance, the wives didn't 'notice' or object when he deftly snapped open their tops and helped them fall to the floor. He boldly fondled both wive's tits and firming nipples and, since their own hands were busy rubbing their swollen vulvas, he cupped both sexy asses, over and under their bikinis.

Cathy and Don were breathing hard, eyes half-lidded, both approaching climax so Ed counted on the intense distraction and rolled Sue's and Dawn's bikinis down their legs. He nudged them to step out of them and inhaled both damp, fragrant gussets. My wife and Don's were entranced by the rising climax before them and immediately fingered themselves to a sustained and rising hum. Ed knelt and kissed and languidly licked each sexy ass as he pulled their cheeks apart. I watched him briefly finger our wives and roam up each ass until he found their puckered holes.

I knew he found and breached them as each lurched and rose to her toes. His hand motion said he teased then invaded their crinkled roses, they sighed. Poor Evi was left fully dressed in her bikini, but not out of the action. Her left hand was in her top with half her right nipple exposed as she teased, pinched and pulled it; her right hand was obviously pulsing deeply into her swollen snatch. Each time she pushed inside, her bikini front pushed down and fully exposed her pretty pussy. My raging cock and I enjoyed the view of our shiest snatch and I didn't check if anyone else was watching.

Ultimately, I took the coin and flipped it. That last flip was HEAD. Don got to choose what he wanted to do with Cathy, in any hole. Don chose her plumped and soggy pussy to get to know his cock. My wife and Dawn quickly stripped Ed and each squeezed his raging cock. Each kissed and lightly sucked his grateful cock. Ed lay down, stiff dick straight up, and greased it with Cathy's pussy lube before introducing Cathy's pristine, surprised ass to it. Since it was no stranger to cock, it easily slid onto Ed's greased pole. 

As she lay onto his chest, face up, with a friend's cock fully in her ass, Don slid his fingers out and replaced them with his stiff cock. He smoothly pushed all the way in one long, slow thrust along the rigid cock that squeezed her cunt tighter from behind. She sighed loudly and her husband, Charlie, busily and urgently pumped his crazed cock as his wife was doubly impaled. Both invaders held their cocks still and deep within her sexy body. I shifted her head onto Ed's shoulder so it tipped back and opened her throat for me. She looked directly at her husband and as Charlie watched, we filled all his wife's holes and began our chaotic dance. 

Cathy settled into random, frenetic bliss as we danced inside her. Sue and Dawn pushed their fingers deep inside and rubbed their sex. Even Evi began rubbing her clit over her suit as she stared at three men, including her husband, deeply penetrating her friend. I was thoroughly distracted when I felt Cathy's throat squeeze me each time I pressed against her lips. 

Don's cock pushed erratically into her. I watched it flattening her labia on the way in and pulling her inner crimson labia out as he withdrew. From the way her hips jerked and her butt clenched, I knew her ass was well fucked. Between skillful squeezing of my cock deep in her throat, I looked up in time to see Dawn remove Evi's top as Sue pried her bottom to the floor.

Charlie wobbled over to Evi and kissed her deeply then fingered her squishy cunt before moving her legs against a sofa. He bit a swollen nipple then turned her to lean far over the sofa arm. His angry cock disappeared inside her and came out glistening and wet. She moaned as he fucked her excited snatch and watched her husband fuck another woman's cunt.

Sue lay on the sofa, her face under the dripping pussy. She licked Evi's labia and clit and Charlie's predatory prick as it entered and exited the hot and welcoming pussy. I watched him smother his fingers in Evi's sexy slime then spread her cheeks and wet her rear hole. One finger easily pried it open and pushed in as he continued to fuck her pussy. A second finger followed shortly before he slid his thick cock up her rear crack and vigorously both fingers deep in her ass.

Both loosed a loud groan as she squeezed and captured the stiff weapon. Sue continued to lick, but now could get her tongue and fingers into Evi's hungry pussy. Her perfect nipples stood tall and hard and a deeply aroused Dawn swirled her tongue around them. She finally got her slippery nipple as I was still getting a deep and skillful blowjob. While fingering herself, she licked down my wife's body, fully opened her knees and pushed her tongue into Sue's desperate, hungry, leaky pussy.

As she drank from my wife, Charlie began pounding Evi's firm and spread open ass. He called out, "Hey Don, your wife has a GREAT ass. It's so tight and HOT I'm going to fill it with my cum . . . any . . . second . . . now. How does THAT feel?" 

He didn't respond, except with a long moan as he continued to earnestly fuck Charlie's wife. She suddenly screamed around my cock and shuddered in strong orgasm. Her shaking set off Don and Ed at once. Each clenched and spurted deeply into our friend; I followed just seconds later and filled her belly. It was exhilarating. I pulled out with a pop and let her breathe. Charlie clenched his cheeks as he filled Evi's ass, as promised. Evi flooded Sue's face with her own stream of warm cum.

The face full of girl cum, with a little of Charlie's cum, pushed my wife to orgasm. She shot a small spurt of her own tasty cum onto Dawn who also collapsed in orgasm. Four trembling masses formed a humid, sexy pile on the sofa 

The floor performance was also over, except for the spasms! Though done spurting my cream past her throat, several smaller gouts shot onto Cathy's pretty face and idly spiraled around it. Don withdrew his spent cock and dribbled onto her bush and belly. Shy Evi spoke up "I've never watched anyone getting laid before, but THIS, this cum fest. . . .! A four-way? Though Charlie fucked both my holes separately and Sue sucked my pussy, I now want to feel three stiff cocks in me at once. Can I do that?"

"Let . . . us . . . catch . . . our . . . breath . . . fffirst . . . then you can be our next grateful recipient." 

	============================ 
 /\_/\					
 ( ~ ~ )
  » * «        Please vote BIG and leave constructive comments.   Thanks . . . 		
====== 16 hr 1700 6/4/16 ====== 2630  Words =====									
seminal image 5/26/16: wife in mid room striping and being stripped before 3 on 1	
gck 6/4/16