 This is chapter 1 of 5. This chapter is the introduction and only has 2 couple in the same place sex, but the rest of the story contains explicit MM and FF as well as 4 way/every way sex. If that is not your thing, that's OK, please move on. Comments and suggestions welcome, please rate so I how I am doing.

==========================

"I'm not sure I'm ready for this."

"What? Why?"

"Well, you know... It's like meeting your parents or something for god's sake. Matt and Tara have been your best friends for, like, ever! I mean from what you've told me, you know each other inside and out and now you're bringing me home to meet them. Of course I'm gonna be nervous!"

"Awww, Jazz, they'll love you, just like I do. I bet within a day, it'll be like you've been with us forever."

"Well that would be really nice so, I hope so." With a sigh, Jasmine flopped back in the seat of the rental car. Then with a growing mischievous smile she said, "Well at least I'll finally discover most of your little secrets. There is no better way to find out all the dirt about someone than talking to an old friend, especially when that old friend is plied with alcohol!" Jim cried "Hey, that's no fair!" Jasmine just smiled sweetly. She snuggled back into the seat and laid her hand on Jim's thigh as they headed toward Matt and Tara's.

Jim, Tara and Matt had been inseparable since high school. They seemed to do everything and be everywhere together. They were on the swim team together and had the long lean bodies that proved it. When they weren't at practice or going to a meet, they were at the beach, biking or just hanging out together. They all had dated others now and again, but inevitably they went back to each other. Some of their friends found it a bit odd they were so insular, showing up for parties and events together, being friendly but never really becoming part of any group but their own. But that was the way they were, all through high school and college. The big change occurred after college when Matt and Tara began their professional lives, announced their engagement and married. Jim had beamed as their best man. 

Everyone thought the three had grown apart when Jim moved that same year to a city two hours away by plane. But only twelve months later Jim is bringing his girlfriend Jasmine back home and going to Matt and Tara's, where they plan to spend their week-long vacation.

In what seems to Jasmine a way too short a time later, she and Jim are pulling up at the house Matt and Tara got when they married, a nice two story with a fenced yard and a pool in a pretty and quiet residential neighborhood.

Taking a deep breath and letting it out in a long rush Jasmine groaned "OK, ready or not, here we go!"

"Baby, it'll be great, I promise. Now give me a kiss, a big long wet one, and let's go meet the parents." Jim gave her a big grin and chuckled in response to Jasmine's sudden pale look. Wrapping her in his arms, he gave her a kiss that would ignite a glacier. When he finally leaned back with a warm smile he said "I love you, don't ever forget that." She gave out one last sigh, half from apprehension and half from the body buzz she suddenly felt, and said "OK, let's do it!"

They got out of the car and as they approached the door, it swung open. Two blurs shot out of the house and enveloped Jim in a head to toe body hug. Jasmine barely had time to realize what was happening before she too was pulled into a whole body embrace with two happy faces smiling into hers. Simultaneously they said "Hi, Jasmine, I'm Matt." and "Hi, Jasmine, I'm Tara. Welcome and thank you for bringing Jimmy home!"

That enthusiastic and obviously heartfelt greeting caused Jasmine's concern to lessen. She grinned back, "Thanks Tara, Matt, I'm really glad to be here! Jim has told me so much about you both! I'll admit I'm more nervous about meeting you guys than I am about meeting his parents!"

Matt laughed while Tara and Jim put on exaggerated faces of innocence. Matt managed to get out, "Who? Us?" Then seeing Jasmine's eyes he said kindly, "Really, there is nothing to be nervous about at all! Just think of us as your new long lost family who love you already."

Jasmine wasn't sure if that made her more or less scared, but she put on a smile and gave each of them a kiss on the cheek. Tara said "OK, let's get their stuff out of the car and inside so we can all relax and catch up."

The next few minutes were consumed in the usual travel tasks of dragging suitcases out of the car, into the house and up to Jim and Jasmine's room on the second floor. Luggage partially stowed, everyone traipsed back downstairs to the living room where Matt played bartender and got everyone settled with a drink.

While Jim and Jasmine sat draped over each other in the loveseat, Tara sat sideways on the couch with her feet over Matt's lap. An animated conversation ensued going over everything that had happened to Tara and Matt since they'd married. Jim and Jasmine gave the long version of how they met. They shopped at the same grocery store but didn't know each other. Jasmine was choosing oranges when one jumped from the display, rolled across the floor and headed toward the exit. Jim caught the runaway and returned it to Jasmine with a bow and an offer. Over negotiations for the return of the fruit, dinner was agreed upon, the orange was returned and from then on, it's been going on, they said smiling at each other. Tara laughed delightedly, "Please don't be offended, but that sounds like the making of a great commercial. I love it!" All four burst out laughing.

All four agreed work was work and that they were doing well enough to afford similar lifestyles. With hard work during the week there was usually plenty of time and enough money to enjoy the weekends.

When it got to the enjoyment part, Tara and Matt still did pretty much the same things they'd done in high school and college. They hit the beach, sailed, SCUBA'ed and rode bikes. Jim and Jasmine did about the same, substituting the lake shore for the ocean beach. But Jasmine adding that she had to try SCUBA while they were there so she could get an underneath view of the beautiful blue water they saw as they were coming in on the plane.

Drinks segued to a dinner of seafood, crusty bread, wine, beer and more wine. When everyone pushed back from the table with a satisfied sigh, Jasmine thanked Tara and Matt for the lovely welcome. Everyone murmured their satisfied and happy agreement. Then Tara jumped up and said, "Last one in the hot tub is a lazy bum!" Within what seemed like seconds, the dishes were cleared, the dishwasher loaded and each couple had headed off to their respective rooms to change.

As they removed their clothes Jim asked "So, how is it so far?"

Jasmine thought for a moment and said "Actually it's pretty strange because they do kinda feel like some long lost family. I mean think of how easily all of us just fell into a really relaxed vibe. The conversation was amazing. Thanks love, I think this could be wonderful!" 

This time is was Jim's turn to look relieved, "I can't tell you how happy I am to hear you say that. Matt and Tara are the two closest people in the world to me outside of you. It seems for my whole life it has always been the three of us; Matt, Tara and me. Now there is you. That you are feeling that close to them so easily makes me love you even more."

Jasmine had stripped to her panties and bra. She looked at Jim with a loving smile and moved to wrap him in a tight hug. Kissing him deeply she said, "Anything I can do to make you love me more, makes me happy and really it couldn't be easier, they're wonderful people!"

Jim gave Jasmine a dazzling smile that slowly turned quite wicked. He asked, "Hmmm, wonderful enough to skip a bathing suit in the hot tub? After swim team we pretty much lost the habit wearing any when we were together."

Jasmine blanched, "But Tara is so absolutely perfect! I'll look like the Pillsbury dough girl next to her!'

"No you don't! You're beautiful; you just don't realize how beautiful you are! Yes Tara is beautiful but in a different way. She is long and lean and you have all of these fine, luscious curves." As Jim said the last, he stepped over to Jasmine and ran his hands lovingly over her breasts, down her sides and over her round, heart-shaped ass. 

Jasmine shivered and felt the tingle of arousal. Sighing she said, "OK but only because I trust you..." With that Jasmine slipped out of her panties and unsnapped her bra. Jim's breath caught as it did every time he saw Jasmine's naked body. His response was obvious by the quickly erected tent in his briefs. Jasmine's ample breasts were full and round, her nipples were already growing as she noticed Jim's stiffening erection.

"Whoa boy!" Jasmine giggled as she saw where Jim's body was headed, "If you keep that up we are not going to make it to the hot tub!" She didn't mention that her own excitement was already making her wet. She hoped they'd be in the hot tub before her juices started flowing down her legs. Damn, Jim could do that to her with a glance and somehow that just seemed wrong. No one should be able to do that with a glance.

Jim grinned back, "Well let's go then. We can have a nice soak then come back here and finish what we've started." He leered at Jasmine and tossed her a towel to wear on the way down to the hot tub. Grinning at her over his shoulder he headed downstairs and out onto the deck.

Matt and Tara were already in the tub, up to their necks in bubbling water. Jasmine was about to panic at the thought of having to take off her towel, when Jim simply whipped it off then ushered her into the tub before she had a chance to react.

As she settled into the swirling warm water, it felt so good she forgot to be self conscious. With a deep groan she sank down onto the underwater bench with Jim on one side and Tara on the other. "Oh god," Jasmine moaned as she laid her head back on the edge of the tub, "I had no idea how much I needed this!" The other three just grinned and lay back as well.

After a few minutes, Jasmine felt Jim's hand begin to stroke and massage her thigh. It felt so good it immediately brought her back to the way she had felt before they'd come down to the tub. His fingers sent sensory discharges up her inner thighs to her core. She tried not to groan as she didn't want Tara and Matt to notice but she prayed he wouldn't stop. She tried to compose her face and look serene.

Through mostly closed eyes, she saw Tara relax back and let out a soft moan. Ah, so it's not just me she thought. , they never stop do they? But who am I to complain, Tara and I are getting to enjoy this, so Jasmine just kept on basking in the feeling of the swirling water and Jim's hand on her leg. But then Jim started to move his hand over her smoothly shaved mons letting his fingers dip between her legs, just touching the top of her nether lips. Jasmine thought OK, I know where this is heading as she let out a moan, the twin to Tara's.

For a second, she started to tense and push Jim's hand away. But on reflection she thought, why not? They were all adults and if two couples wanted to get it on side by side in a private hot tub, why the hell not! With that, she began to relax and let her legs open for Jim and the downward movement of his oh so clever fingers.

He wasted no time in taking advantage of Jasmine's cooperation. Slipping a finger between her parted lower lips, he began gently stroking, rubbing and circling the little nub within. Taken over in pleasure, Jasmine lay back trying to stifle her moans while Tara moaned in tandem.

This tandem action was not lost on the guys, who with a few long practiced eye motions and grins, lifted their sweeties as one onto the rim of the hot tub. After slow, long kisses, where tongues met and danced back and forth from mouth to mouth, exploring, tasting, teasing, and ultimately demanding;. each of the men headed south and stopped at pair of lovely breasts: Tara's small and almost girlish, with quarter sized deep brown aureole and pebble sized nipples that were almost that hard; and Jasmine's full C cups, firm with large pink aureole and complimentary big pink bubble gum nipples. It wasn't clear by the motions and sounds who was enjoying themselves more; the boys or the girls, or the couple on the left or was it the right?

As one, the guys continued their downward travels, licking and kissing midriffs, navels, tummies; finally kneeling in the tub, they arrived at their destination with their lips and tongues. Both girls moaned in a joyful chorus as their men teased, licked and sucked at their lips, and finally, their now engorged clits. At one point, Jasmine turned to look at Tara, who had a look of almost perfect ecstasy on her face. As Tara noticed Jasmine, she also turned, leaned to Jasmine and kissed her with all the passion Jim had, but with a softness and sensuality all her own. Jasmine was startled as Tara made contact, but with Jim doing his absolute best down below, Jasmine never stood a chance of pulling back. The kiss hit her like an electric current from her mouth, through her erect nipples and right to her pussy like lightning. Jasmine moaned into Tara's mouth adding her own tongue to Tara's in a kiss that brought both of them to a mind blowing climax. The kiss, the licks and the whole situation put Jasmine over her orgasmic edge to a place she'd never been to before. She writhed on Jim's face and Tara's mouth as Tara was doing exactly the same, except with Matt happily sucking and slurping on Tara's steaming pussy.

Both of them were as limp as rag dolls as the men lifted them off the tub edge, turned around and sat down on the submerged seat with each girl straddling her man's lap. Their now rock hard cocks, slipping into each of the girls as the guys sat them down. Now the choir was in four part harmony. Jasmine managed to giggle "I feel like a bookend" before the intense feeling of Jim's increased speed, up and down, and in and out of her made speech, and pretty much anything but managing to breathe, impossible. The hot tub became a roiling cauldron as the two men bounced the ladies on their cocks faster and faster, harder and harder and this time it was Jasmine who leaned into Tara to start the kiss, but after a breathless minute, she pulled away from Tara to bestow the same intense sensuality on Jim, who just as enthusiastically joined in the mouth to mouth tongue play. 

Tara and Matt were keeping up stroke for stroke, but instead of focusing on each other, they were both watching Jim and Jasmine, their faces displaying the intense passion of the moment, and the hedonistic enjoyment of their voyeurism.

All four of them continued to build in their passion. Their moans, yelps and groans rising above the shushing sound of the hot tub as water also rose up and sloshed over the edge of the tub as they bounced and thrashed.

First Tara, then Jasmine announced their climaxes with wails and screams, each clutching the shoulders of the man they were impaled on and just a few second later the guys grunting and panting joined their partners in release, each swelling and pumping their release into the lady in his lap.

Suddenly, the only sound was the droning of the hot tub pump and the hissing of the water. The moans and panting had calmed and all four clustered in the tub, leaning on each other as the aftershocks faded. Jasmine, slowly coming to her senses, looked at the others and started to giggle. It rose to a laugh and the others, also pulled into the moment, began to giggle and chortle as well. Within seconds all of them were laughing uncontrollably, their faces split in huge grins, arms around each others' shoulders in a riotous laughing group hug. When they finally managed to stop, the belly laughs fading back to giggles and chuckles, Tara, face still happy, but definitely more serious, gave Jim and Jasmine a huge squeeze and announced, "Welcome home, both of you!" Matt chimed in "Amen!" and they all just returned to the hug in happy and satisfied silence.

Slowly, in some seemingly coordinated ballet, they all disentangled from each other, still silent and smiling, gave hugs all around, handed out towels from the pile on the table by the tub, wrapped each other up against the cooling evening breeze and filed inside. Giving each other last happy grins, each couple headed for their respective rooms and still honoring the silence and the moment, climbed into their beds turned off the lights, cuddled up and were asleep within seconds.