 This is chapter 3 of 5. This chapter contains explicit MM and FF sex. If that is not your thing, that's OK, please move on. Comments and suggestions welcome, please rate so I how I'm doing.

=====================

"See, I told ya. You've been getting all lazy-assed out there so it was easy for me to kick your butt. Then again, it always has been."

"Ahh that is such total bullshit and you know it. You got whupped fair and square. You just won't admit it."

"Well you know what genius, one of these days we're gonna have to keep score and see who actually wins."

"Why? Then one of us won't be able to brag."

"Good point, we'll just keep it this way. You know I won anyway, but not keeping score saves you the real embarrassment of just how badly you actually lost!"

"Yeah, right... and I am gonna tell those lovely ladies of ours how all this soft living back here has done you in."

"And speaking of soft, damn bro, Jasmine is everything you said and more. She is smart, funny and hotter than hell. What's more, she seemed to be fairly comfortable with last night."

"Thanks my brother, yeah she is and do I hope so! I love her to death and if she wants in, I think we can have the foursome we've always wanted. Shit!! I don't want the three of us to end, but I don't think I can walk away from her if she doesn't want all four of us."

"I know, and I understand. It must have been hell to leave, I'm not sure I could have."

"I wasn't sure either, but we had to do something, we needed someone, and it wasn't happening here. But when I met her I fell hard, so now we'll see."

"Well leaving her in Tara's hands had to be the best idea, if anyone can bring out the naughty we need, it's her."

"Amen to that! I can only hope and imagine what they are doing right now."

"Oh yeah." Matt glanced down at his growing erection then took a look around the locker room. As it was mid-morning during a week day, the place was empty. Matt closed his eyes, "I am imaging it right now."

Smiling Jim reached over and grasped Matt's growing cock and began to gently stroke it. "Oh yeah, my horny friend, just think what Tara and Jasmine are hopefully up to right now." With that Jim leaned over and gave Matt a deep kiss, their tongues wrapping around each other, slipping back and forth from one mouth to the other.

Matt groaned into Jim's mouth "Fuck, I've missed you! Tara has too! I sure hope this works, 'cause if you have to leave we may never recover."

"Amen lover! I've missed this even more than I'd realized till just this second." With that, Jim dropped to his knees and sucked in Matt's now fully hard bone to the hilt. His lips pressed to the base of Matt's cock, his nose buried in wiry light brown pubic hair. "Fuck, I've missed THAT," Jim breathed in Matt's scent as he pulled off on his friend's rock hard and glistening cock.

Matt just stood there for a moment with his eyes shut, knees trembling a bit. Jim got back to his feet and gave the big blonde man a full body hug. "Now, we'd better get dressed and out of here before someone finds us fucking under the bench."

"Yeah... but bloody hell that felt good! It's been so long and I want to get a mouthful of you too! And that's just for starts..."

"Keep your fingers and balls crossed! With any luck we'll be getting all we missed and more very soon..."

"Trust me, I am!"

They finished dressing in a companionable silence, packed up their wet gym clothes and headed out of the health club to the car and home.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"Hey hunnies, we're home!" Matt called out as he and Jim came into the kitchen from the garage. There was no returning welcome shout. 

"Hmmm, maybe they're out back by the pool?"

Matt leaned over the kitchen sink to peer out the window and get a view of the patio. ""Uh uh, I can't see them. I wonder where they went."

"Well I'm sure they're fine. We'd have gotten a call or a text if something was wrong. Let's go stash our gear and grab some beers, then we can bullshit until they get back."

"Sounds like a plan!" The two men headed to their respective rooms. As Jim was just about to hang up his wet towels, he heard Matt say in a strained whisper behind him. "Jimmy! Jimmy! Ya gotta come see this. I just found them."

A bit surprised Jim turned to see a 'cat with cream' grin on Matt's face, erasing the mild anxiety he had felt for Matt's odd whisper. Jim followed as Matt turned back out of Jim and Jasmine's room and headed for his and Tara's. Matt put a finger to his lips then they entered the room and he stepped aside as Jim came in behind him. There, on the bed, were the two girls fast asleep. Jasmine was spooning Tara, her arms wrapped around Tara from behind, her face in the nape of the blonde girl's neck. They still wore cutoffs and bikinis but both of them had on different suits and Jasmine's long hair was damp.

The guys quietly backed out of the room, closing the door and headed back to the kitchen. Once there, Jim's face split into an ear-to-ear grin. Matt responded with both his own grin and the two high-fived. "Well they might have just gone swimming, showered, changed and fell asleep talking, but I am betting that we missed them 'getting to know each other better' in a whole new way. Given the position they are in, I am guessing that the 'introduction' went very well!"

Jim let out a breath like gust from a tornado and said "Oh yeah, I think we may have a lot less to worry about." He stepped forward, wrapped his arms around Matt and nestled his face in the curve of Matt's neck, just holding him and breathing. Matt pulled Jim in even closer and rubbed his back as they just stood there, holding each other, sharing the moment. Finally, Jim leaned back and whispered, "God, you have no idea how scared I was that this was not going to work. I know it's not a done deal but it seems it might have a real chance. If I felt any more relieved, you'd have to be holding me up right now, 'cause my knees would buckle." Jim leaned back, his lips settling onto Matt's. Their mouths opened and tongues slid into each other renewing their almost lifelong friendship. Both men's bodies started to sway and undulate a bit as the kiss deepened. Without breaking the kiss, Matt backed Jim up against the counter for support and both of them fell more deeply into the kiss. Their cocks sprang back to life and they started grinding their hips together, rubbing against each other's growing erection through their shorts. They kept making out like this for several minutes, both wanting to do more, but both simply happy to be able to hold each other again.

Jim was about to throw caution to the winds and suggest that they head up to Jim and Jasmine's room to continue, when they were both startled at Jasmine's voice saying, "Welcome back guys," from the doorway.

Both men jumped back, and looked to see Jasmine standing in the doorway with a sleepy smile and sleep messed hair. Tara was standing behind, with her arms around Jasmine's torso, looking over her shoulder with a cat-who-ate-the-canary grin. Completely taken by surprise in their mounting passion, both Matt and Jim just stood there, not knowing what to do with their hands, their mouths open like fish out of water. Both girls chuckled at the sight. Jasmine finally broke the silence. "Sorry! We didn't mean to scare you! We came down a few minutes ago, realized that you 'd come home and walked in to see you two going at it."

Jim started to sputter some sort of explanation which Jasmine stopped with a raised hand. "First, Jim, it's OK, in fact, it's great." At this Jim's knees did almost buckle in his obvious relief. Thankfully Matt wrapped an arm around him and pulled him into a side hug otherwise he might have stumbled. "Thanks for your note, thanks for loving me and believing that I can be part of what the three of you have, but being willing to give it up for me if I said no. Tara filled in everything, from the very beginning until now, and along the way she helped me figure out that I like girls too, or at least this one for sure!" Her happy smile was like the sun as she turned around to plant a big wet kiss on Tara's mouth. Turning back, she continued, "And that helped give me the understanding about you two and why is it wonderful, and walking in on you making out just made me soak my second bikini bottom today." 

Jim and Matt stood stunned, mouths still open, trying to take it all in as Jasmine grabbed Tara's hand, pulled her across the kitchen and wrapped all three of them in a hug when they all came together. Four sets of arms hugged four bodies and they all arrived at a new level of comfort with each other. After several moments, as they all hugged and thought about the possibility of this crazy plan working, Jasmine announced, "First, I am sorry for just barging in and breaking up what you two had started, but in a way, this is kind of like the setup you pulled on Tara the first time." Both men started to protest, but once again Jasmine silenced them with a hand. "It's totally OK, but what I wanted to say was that we should go someplace more comfortable than the kitchen, so you can continue. I am definitely watching and Tara may have to tie me up to keep me from joining, god you two were hot!"

More open mouthed stares from the guys, but this time amusement was showing in their eyes. Tara piped in, "Oh baby! You have no idea what delicious, nasty, things I'd love to do to you all tied up, but we can wait on that... Well maybe." Tara leered at Jasmine and kissed her on the nose. "C'mon, everyone grab a drink and follow me!"

They all got their drinks of choice and headed out of the kitchen behind Tara as she headed up to her and Matt's room with her fine ass swaying. When they got there, Tara plopped down on the loveseat under the window and patted the seat next to her. "C'mere Jazzy, this is the best seat in the house. Boys, the bed is all yours, but I make no promises as to how long you get it to yourselves."

Matt wasted no time, yanking Jim's T over his head and tossing it toward the corner, then popping the button on his shorts, pulling them down with his briefs in one go. "Sorry bro, I have no intention of taking my time stripping you! I want skin!" Matt quickly added his own clothes to the pile of shorts, briefs and flip-flops. Then he grabbed Jim and pushed him backwards until his legs hit the side of the bed, and he landed flat on his back. Matt grabbed his legs, lifted them, and turned Jim so he was laid out on the bed, then crawled in on top of him full length and picked up the kiss, right where they'd left off in the kitchen. Only this time they were horizontal, naked and nothing separated their quickly growing erections, or their entire bodies for that matter, from rubbing against each other.

Tara and Jasmine sat on the loveseat, shoulders to ankles touching. They were captivated by what was happening on the bed, as well as by the electric field between each them. Tara reached behind her neck and pulled her string bikini's top saying, "I don't know about you, but suddenly I feel way overdressed." She continued by slipping a hand behind Jasmine's back and untying the back of her top as well. A few tugs and tosses and both of them were topless.

Jasmine leaned over, gave Tara's nipple a quick sucking kiss and breathed "You got that right!" Then proceeded to undo the buttons on both of their shorts, a few quick shimmies and wiggles later, they were as naked as the guys. Cuddling up together with arms entwined they watched what was transpiring on the bed.

Jim had wrapped his arms around Matt. They were making out and writhing on each other like kids who had just discovered sex. Matt slid his hand between them, encircling both of their rock hard erections, stroking them together slowly. Within seconds this had both of them moaning into each other's mouths as they sucked each other's tongues.

This was definitely having an effect on both girls, who had each put a hand on the other's thigh. Riveted by the guys enjoying each other's cocks both of them unconsciously began to splay their legs wider to give each other greater access. Jasmine whispered a bit breathlessly, "God, I never knew. This is SO hot!" Tara squeezed Jasmine's leg in agreement then slid her hand until it was draped over Jasmine's already soaked center.

Matt began to kiss and lick his way down Jim's body. First nuzzling and licking behind his ear before working his way around the back of Jim's jaw and down his neck. Then he started licking and nibbling along his clavicle before diving on a nipple. Jim gasped and grunted, arching his back involuntarily, as Matt sucked and nipped at the erect and sensitive little bud. Jim's hands ran through Matt's hair, rubbing his back and shoulders as Matt gave equal time to the other nipple. Continuing to head downward, he rubbed his face on Jim's flat, hard belly, while kissing and licking every spot he passed.

Between gasps Jim grunted, "God bro, I've missed this!" Matt responded by capturing Jim's cock between his neck and jaw then stroking it in the crease by rocking his head. When Matt reached under Jim's balls to cup and fondle them, Jim's practically swallowed his tongue in ecstasy.

Matt couldn't wait any longer. He slid down a few more inches, grabbed Jim's cock, wrapped his hand around the base of it and started to lick the head like it was an ice cream cone. He started with long laps on the underside, teasing that sensitive spot, then twirls of his tongue as he circled the head. Jim's hips started moving and Matt used the motion to jack Jim's cock as he continued licking. Jim's head was rolling side to side on the bed, while his hands kept tangling and gripping Matt's hair. Matt stopped licking, opened wide, plunged his mouth down onto Jim's cock. Then he started wetly bobbing up and down in time with Jim's hips, still jacking the base of his cock with his wrapped hand. Jim's groan was practically an animal bellow.

The girls were mesmerized. Eyes glazed and slack-jawed, they had slouched down on the loveseat, legs spread wide, each with their hand on the other's pussy rubbing slow circles on the other's nub. They each paused from time to time, to dip a finger or two down into their dripping entrances to scoop up some sticky and slippery juices. Now and then, they licked their fingers, or put them in the other's mouth before going back for more. They had front row seats to some of the hottest passion they had ever seen. Though Tara had seen the boys together many times, it had been a year and she was as caught up in the heat as Jasmine, and with Jasmine there next to her it became even more intense!

Matt had taken his hand off Jim's cock and was now bobbing his head root to tip. Both of them had learned to deep throat without gagging back when they first started at twelve. It was a skill they had never lost and Tara had always been a little bit envious. She had to beat the gag reflex all over, every time. Jasmine watching, involuntarily swallowed, practically feeling Jim's bulbous head pass her tonsils.

Matt's eyes were closed in bliss at the renewal of one of his very favorite things. The feel of Jim's cock, velvet soft and bone hard, sliding between his lips, over his tongue through his mouth, then making the slight turn down his throat had been one of his favorite things for most of his life. His tongue laved the underside of Jim's cock and his lips formed a hot, tight and wet ring of sliding ecstasy for Jim.

When Jim's escalating moans suggested he was close to losing control, Matt put his hands under the back of Jim's knees and lifted his legs. With full access to Jim's hanging ball sack, he licked his way down to it and then sucked the whole of it into his mouth, in one wet slurp. The new stimulation took Jim to unimagined places, but because it was different enough it actually pulled him back from the brink of orgasm. He continued to ride a plateau of ecstasy. Matt rolled Jim's balls around in his mouth, let one slip free then sucked in the other. He switched back and forth giving each equal time, and equal mouthfuls.

Jim clawed and gripped handfuls of the sheets while he trembled and moaned. His cock standing straight up and twitching; nestled in the blonde hair on Matt's forehead.

He grabbed his own knees and rolled himself up even a bit farther, taking the pressure off of Matt's hands. Matt took advantage of this and dropped his hands to Jim's ass cheeks and spread them as he let Jim's balls slip out of his mouth. Next stop down was Jim's perineum, which he sucked and kissed until Jim was begging. "Please, please, please man, oh god please!" 

Matt couldn't tease Jim any longer and licked his way even further down. He circled his best friend's back door with his tongue while Jim gave even more intense groans. Matt's tongue danced with Jim's starfish, circling, caressing, plunging until Jim was seeing stars and barely able to keep his breath. At that point, Matt lifted his head. "Now I am gonna open you up and fuck you silly, but please don't cum. I don't want to wait. As soon as I cum, I want you to fuck me right back, OK?"

Jim managed to grunt in the affirmative, adding, "and hey, no worries. Jasmine and I both tested clean, and haven't touched anyone else. Hell, she is the only one I've been with since I left you two. Oh, and gimme that big sweet cock of yours up here while you get me ready, I want a lot more than that little taste I got at the gym this morning!"

"Great! It's the least I can do," Matt said grinning as he leaned over and grabbed the lube out of the nightstand. They flipped around until they were side by side, head to feet. Jim rolled up on his side, propped his leg up to give Matt open access and just like earlier that day, engulfed his friend's staff to the root in one gulp, massaging the top of its length with his tongue as he did.

Matt shuddered and gasped, "Easy babe, you keep that up and I am never gonna make it in ya." Jim chuckled and managed an evil leer as he slipped off of Matt's dick, grabbed it by the root, and as Matt had done to him earlier, started licking the head like an ice cream cone. Matt shuddered again, but managed to concentrate on his real task: Getting Jim ready to fuck. He squirted some lube onto his fingers and spread Jim's cheeks, spreading the lube onto Jim's puckered hole. He circled the rim, drawing a groan from Jim that made the full circle back to Matt as the humm vibrated Matt's cock head. Then he carefully worked his finger into Jim, spreading the lube as he went deeper. This was obviously working as Jim pushed back onto Matt's hand to get the finger even farther into himself. He also went back to bobbing on Matt's erection and they got a rhythm going. After just a few seconds Matt pulled out of Jim's mouth, and with his free hand took his cock and playfully slapped Jim's face with it saying, "I said no more of that or I am not going to last long enough to get in you, OK?" 

Jim, grinned, then leaned in and sucked Matt's balls into his mouth and replied with a muffled, "Oooheyyy," around the sack.

Matt, regaining some semblance of control again, added more lube and a second finger to Jim's entrance and started to scissor his fingers to open Jim up so he would be comfortable from the start.

The girls, watching, had achieved a state of sweet agony. They were sprawled on the loveseat, legs wide, pubes and inner thighs shiny with juices, as were their faces from trading juicy fingers in each other's mouths and rubbing them on each other's faces in slick caresses. Their fingers, each in the other's pussy, had brought each of them to the edge and held them there. Neither wanted to fall over into orgasm yet, but neither backed off an inch from the very brink. They sat there squirming, panting; a pair of sticky, slick, hot messes; each just a twitch away from an earth shattering climax.
