 Note from Slick: Please read chapters one through three to get up to speed with this story. The original plan of the two couples to swap during the cruise has taken a wicked turn and has destroyed both of their marriages. However, maybe it was for the best. This chapter goes slow at first to build up some new characters so stay with it. All rights reserved.

*

"Please get the captain for me," Jack said to the burly security man as he sat in the small security office. "I think I can make him understand." 

But the heavy uniformed man just sat with his hands crossed glaring at him. Finally the door opened and the captain walked in. 

"I have your money in this envelope and it should be enough to get you back to the States. I just need you to sign this receipt." 

"Captain, I didn't mean to push my wife this morning. It was an accident. Shit, we've been married for twenty years and I've never laid a hand on her. Please don't make me get off the ship." Jack was almost to the point of getting on his knees and begging. 

"Listen carefully," the Captain said firmly. "I know your wife has moved in with Tom under her own free will and I can't do anything about it. It is evident with the violence you have showed that it will continue if I allow you to stay on the ship. Sorry, but you are getting off in St. Thomas." 

Jack knew he had one last hope. "Can I at least talk to my wife one last time?" 

"I'll call her room and if she wants to talk to you fine. If not....too bad." He picked up the phone and dialed the Presidential Suite. 

*****

"He's such an asshole," Kate said to Tom as they sat on the middle balcony watching the island of St. Thomas get bigger and bigger. Both were wearing their robes and drinking some cool tropical drinks. 

"Maybe its better this way," Tom said glad to get rid of Jack so he could spend some quality time with Kate. 

Before Kate could reply the phone rang and she picked it up. "Yes this is Kate," she said. She listened and then put her hand over the microphone. "It's the Captain. Jack wants to talk to me." 

"Kate, don't fall for it," Tom said as she removed her hand. 

"I'll talk to him." She waited a few seconds and heard her husband's shaky voice. 

"Ka...Kate, please tell the Captain that I've never hit you or tried to hurt you before and that this morning was an accident."

Before she could answer the Captain got back on. "Yes sir he has never hit me or mistreated me. I guess he has a right to be angry. He wasn't trying to hurt me this morning." Kate looked over at Tom and saw that he was now upset. Kate again listened to the Captain's next question. 

"Yes, I'll come down and talk to him." Tom put down his drink and huffed before leaving the balcony. 

"Tom, he is my husband and I think we need to talk about this," Kate said after hanging up the phone. She moved over to the bed and pushed him onto his back. The robe opened enough for her to see his soft penis. She sat down next to the bed and rubbed her middle finger over his spongy tip. "I meant what I said. I love you and I don't want to go back with Jack." 

"He's going to twist things around until you beg the Captain to let him stay," Tom whispered. Her touch was slowly causing blood to rush to the dangling noodle. 

"That's why I want you to go with me," she whispered. She felt his penis getting bigger. "He has to convince you too that he will be good from now on." 

"Shit, he wanted to kill me in the restaurant before," Tom said sitting up. He pulled her hand from his tool. "OK, but if I think he needs to get off he gets off." 

"Deal," she grinned as her lips moved down to his. 

*****

"Mrs. Arnold, are you sure you want to see him?" The captain asked when she walked up to the security office doorway. 

"Yes, but I want Tom with me," she said holding her lovers hand tightly in hers. 

"Malcolm will join you just in case he gets out of hand," the Captain said glancing over at the 300 pound security guard. "I have to get up to the bridge because we are docking soon. If you both think he will control himself from now on I'll let him stay." He smiled and shook both of their hands before turning and walking away. 

"I'll go in first," Malcolm said with a slight grin. The trip so far had been pretty boring so he was happy his services were now needed. 

Jack stood up quickly when the door opened and he saw the guard walk in with Kate behind him. He smiled until he saw Tom. "I just want to talk to you," he said looking at his wife. 

"I want Tom to hear what you have to say. The captain just told us that WE must decide if you get off or not in Saint Thomas." 

"Fuck," Jack thought. As much as he wanted to strangle Tom he now had to be nice. "We all need to sit down and talk about everything," Jack started. "Things have happened so fast and......I'm sorry about acting like an ass." 

"You can't take back what you've done........both on the ship and back at home," Kate said thinking of Jack fucking her younger sister. "Right now you and I are finished. The question is if you accept that or not?" 

"Shit, won't you give me another chance?" Jack snarled. His face started to turn red until he looked at Malcolm who was ready to jump him if he made one move towards Kate or Tom. 

"No, it's over. It hasn't been great for some time now and we both should have seen it coming," Kate said. "I'm in love with Tom." 

"OK, whatever.........I promise to leave you two alone. If not he can toss me off the ship," Jack said calmly looking over at Malcolm who had a shit-eating grin. 

Kate looked at Tom. "What do you think?" 

"The next port is in two days. If he does anything bad we ask the Captain to let him off there." Tom said. He wanted to get rid of Jack but didn't want it to come between him and Kate. 

Kate turned to Malcolm. "How can we get a hold of you in case we need you?" 

"Just dial 911 on any phone and it will ring my office and my pager," Malcolm grinned. "I've never thrown anyone overboard but you just might be my first," he grinned at Jack. 

"Stay away from both of us," Tom said looking directly into Jack's eyes. 

"No problem," Jack smiled. 

*****

Bill and Anna looked out over the balcony at the Saint Thomas harbor. "Should we call Tom and Kate?" Bill asked. "Maybe we could all tour the island?" 

"Last night was great but I'm nervous about getting too close to them right now. Maybe we should only do this swap thing once with each couple so no one gets attached." 

Bill cupped her buttock and kissed her gently on her neck. "You want to swap with another couple?" 

"Or a single." Anna giggled. 

"A threesome with another woman?" Bill said, with excitement. 

"Or another man," Anna said touching his hard bulge. 

"I'm not having a threesome with another man," Bill said pushing back from her. 

"So it's OK for us to sleep with another woman but not another man?" Anna said. 

"I'm not into other men," Bill said firmly. 

"You wouldn't have to be. I can take care of both of you," she giggled. 

"At the same time?" 

"That's the idea way for a threesome right?" 

"Right," he answered. His shy wife had suddenly turned into a wanton whore. 

"How do we find another couple or single?" She asked as they walked down the hallway towards the area where everyone waits to hear their floor number called. Suddenly a door opened ahead of them and a young woman walked out alone. She turned and looked at Anna and Bill. "Hi." 

"Are you going ashore?" Anna asked as she peeked at the woman's wedding ring. 

"Yes, this is the first time for me. Do you mind if I go with you two? I'm nervous going alone." 

"We wouldn't mind would we Anna?" Bill interjected. "My name is Bill." He held out his large strong hand to take her small fingers. 

Anna grinned at her husband's noticeable pleasure. "We would love your company. Are you going shopping?" 

"Yes, my husband Joe has been sick since we got on the ship. He just wants to stay in the room and sleep. We were married last Saturday. I'm Kim." 

As they walked to the waiting area Anna and Kim walked ahead of Bill who couldn't take his eyes off of the young girl's round ass cheeks. He could see the outline of her white panties through the light sundress. 

As they waited for their floor to be called Kim went to the restroom. 

"So, what do you think?" Anna whispered to Bill while squeezing his arm. 

"I think she is a newlywed and won't want to have a threesome with a couple older than herself," he replied. 

"Well we have all day to find out don't we?" Anna grinned. 

"Hello," Kate said walking over to them. "Who is your friend?" 

"Kim. She has a room near ours and wants to go around the island with us," Anna answered. "We were not sure what you two were doing." 

Kate glanced at Bill who was staring at her breasts. "The Captain wanted to kick Jack off the ship but after Tom and I talked to him and told him we are in love Jack promised to back off. So he is staying on the ship. Tom and I are going to spend some time alone on the most deserted beach we can find." 

"If you need me let me know," Bill said. He remembered how hot and damp Kate's pussy was last night. 

"Definitely," Kate grinned. "I better get back over to Tom. Maybe we will see you two later at dinner. Jack and May have moved to another dinner time." 

"Have fun on your deserted beach," Anna said with a wink. 

*****

The stewart moved Jack's bags back to his room and he quickly looked for May but she did not answer her door. He turned to walk away when the door opened and Gina stuck her head out. "Hello Jack." 

"Gina?" He said surprised to see her face. "What are you doing in........." He got quiet when he looked down to see her wrapped in a large white terry cloth towel. 

"Hello Jack," May said as she opened the door also wearing a towel. "I thought you were getting kicked off the boat." Her arm moved over and around Gina's shoulders. 

"Well damn," Jack said smiling for the first time in a while. "Aren't you going to invite me in?" 

"No.......," May said firmly. 

"Can I at least watch?" He laughed. 

"No," Gina snarled back at him. She turned and kissed May on her mouth. The door slowly closed as May's foot pushed on it. 

*****

"Are you sure you don't want to go with Bill and Anna?" Tom asked Kate as they watched the couple and small girl walking ahead of them down the long boat ramp. 

"No, I want to make love on a beach somewhere," she whispered. "Maybe we can take a trip to one of the deserted islands." 

"How are we going to get there?" Tom asked. 

"I over heard someone say there are small boats available. You're rich now," she giggled as she elbowed him lightly in his side. They moved off the large boat dock and got the first taxi coming by. Tom asked the man to take him to a dock where daily boat trips are chartered so they could go to a deserted island. 

'My cousin will take good care of you," the taxi driver said as the taxi pulled into a parking lot next to a long row of boats. He called on his cell phone and after a few minutes looked back at Tom. "The price will be $300 for all day." 

"No problem," Tom grinned. "But we will only need a few hours." The driver led them down the ramp to a nice size boat where a beautiful dark skinned young woman stood. "I thought your cousin was a man?" He smiled at the dark eyed beauty. 

"It happens all the time," the driver said. "Maria will take you to a very private island." 

"Hello," Maria grinned. When Juan told her the couple was nice looking she had gotten her hopes up. "Juan said you wanted to go to a quiet island." 

"Yes," Kate said smiling. Her sessions with both May and Anna had greatly increased her interest in women. Maria was wearing very small and tight shorts along with a button down shirt that was tied just under her full breasts. The hard nipples pushing out the pockets on the shirt gave the impression she was not wearing a bra. 

As Maria piloted the boat out of the marina she watched Tom and Kate holding hands and kissing every few minutes. They looked pretty old to be so involved with each other so much and both were wearing wedding bands. "We have a thirty minute trip to the island so why don't you set up on front and get some sun?" 

Kate had on her skimpiest bikini and as she climbed around the main cabin to the front both could see her pussy mound under her nearly bare ass cheeks. Tom moved behind her and glanced back to see Maria grinning. He wondered if the young island girl had ever made love to another woman. About 15 minutes out of Charlotte Amalie Maria slowed the boat down as she maneuvered it between some beautiful coral formations. 

Maria had made love to another woman on a previous voyage to the same island she was taking this couple to. At that time the booze was flowing pretty heavily and the woman and her girlfriend were spending the whole day on the island. The girlfriend had way too many drinks and was passed out on the beach while Maria and the woman swam naked out to a small sandbar. The other woman was short and pudgy very unlike Kate who was now lying on her stomach while Tom rubbed lotion over her white buttocks and lower back. Being nineteen and raised in a very strict Catholic household she had not experienced intercourse until she was almost nineteen. Even then the young man was very inexperienced and not as endowed as the large shape in Tom's swim trunks. She had heard of other boat owner having group sex with their passengers but had not really thought about it until now. She saw the small island ahead and steered the boat slowly up to the hot sandy beach. "Here we are." 

Tom turned and looked at the tiny island out in the middle of nowhere. "Wow," he thought. "Here I am with MaryAnn and Ginger." As they all grabbed some towels and drinks they waded waist deep to the shore. He peeked down to see Maria's shorts clinging to her cute but tiny body. The water made the shorts sheer enough that he could see the shadow of her pubic mound. 

"I'll go back to the boat and leave you two alone," Maria said blushing as both sets of their eyes raped down her body. 

Kate knew Tom was overwhelmed by the girl's body. "Why don't you stay on the island with us?" She looked around once more to make sure they were definitely alone before reaching behind her neck and untying the bikini top. The material fell from her pink mounds while she untied the back and stood topless. 

"There's a small cove over there that is much nicer," Maria giggled. She picked up the small cooler of drinks and walked nervously toward the area. 

*****

Jack thought about going ashore and trying to find Kate but knew he had better lie low for a while. Since she had now chosen Tom he decided to go trolling himself for some pussy. The college girls were good but now what he needed at that moment. He would be looking for an older woman hopefully to build a relationship besides just sex. As he walked towards the pool he noticed five women standing at the bar. Three seemed to be his age and two were at least ten years older. 

"Hello ladies," he said smiling. "Why haven't you all gone ashore? I hear there is some pretty good shopping in Saint Thomas." 

The one lady who had blonde hair with dark roots and a trim body laughed. "Maybe they don't have what we are shopping for." All five of the women blushed as they discreetly checked out Jack's body. 

"Really," he said as he pulled up a bar stood and sat next to the bleach blonde. "Maybe I can help you find what you are looking for." He noticed they all were wearing wedding bands. 

"She is all talk and no bite," one of the older women injected. "We are all happily married and this trip was a chance for us to get away." 

"We said we would have fun while we are away," the bottle blonde said as she sucked on the long straw coming out of the Pina Colata. 

Jack thought about leaving because they were not offering what he was really looking for. It might be a quick fuck but he wanted someone to bond with while Kate and Tom walked around holding hands. "At least let me buy you all a drink," he said handing the bartender his room card. 

"Thank you. My name is Cindy," the blonde grinned. The rest of them introduced themselves as Betty, Mary, Alice, and Dolores. After buying them two more drinks each the booze was quickly breaking down their morals. All five women were now standing around Jack's stool laughing at each poor joke he attempted. It was the older woman Mary's suggestion next that threw him for a loop. 

"Why don't we all go down to my room?" 

Jack's eyes opened when he realized the other four were agreeing. "Sure, why not?" He figured with five of them it wouldn't turn into an orgy and maybe he could get to know them better. He paid for the last round and was led to Mary's room with her and Betty in the front and the other three close behind. "I wish I knew some other available men," he said. "But, you all are married so it really doesn't matter." The grins and the silence put a shiver down his back. 

They led him into Mary's room and all stood around as he walked out onto the balcony. "So what have you all done so far for enjoyment?" He asked as he turned and walked back into the room. 

"Bingo, gamble and eat," the shortest woman Alice said. All of the women were wearing robes which probably meant they had swimming suits under them. 

"We went to the lounge last night but there were no men available to dance with us," Cindy said. 

Tom could see they were all very shy even with about four drinks in them. He moved and sat on one of the two small beds next to Cindy. "We could dance right now but there is no music." 

Cindy smiled and looked at the others. "We don't really need music." 

Jack laughed nervously. The thought of dancing close with these five women was causing a swelling effect on his manhood below. He quickly crossed his legs but not before the women got a glance of his huge package. "I think I need to use your restroom," he said as he stood knowing the bulge was on stage before quickly going in the restroom. 

"We shouldn't do this," Dolores said. She was the oldest woman of the five and had never even considered being with another man but her Burt who she had married twenty-five years ago. 

"Who said we will do something really bad?" injected Cindy. "When was the last time any of us had a chance to hold a handsome well-endowed man's body next to ours. When was the last time we really kissed another man....I mean really kiss?" 

"Never," Mary and Alice said at the same time. 

"Me too but I'm afraid someone will spill the beans when we get back home," Dolores said. 

"What if we dance with him in another room? That way only we will really know if anything really happened." Cindy could see their minds thinking about being intimate with a man other than their husbands and not getting caught. 

"What if he wants to do more than I do?" Mary asked. It actually had been over seven years since she had intercourse with her husband. 

"Let's dance with him in the little bathroom. If things get out of hand just yell." Cindy had closed the door on all of their excuses. 

"Count me out," Alice said. "I'm not cheating on Bruce." 

"God Alice...it's just some foreplay. Do what you want but you better not say anything to anyone else." 

"I won't," Alice said. She knew she should leave but something was keeping her there. 

"OK, who do I dance with first?" Jack asked as he opened the door to see the five of them standing there. 

"We........uh...decided to dance with you in the bathroom," Cindy smiled. "Separately of course." 

"Whatever," Jack smiled. "Who's first?" He saw all of their eyes looking down at the tent in his trunks. 

"You pick," Cindy said nervously. Her husband had gained so much weight the past five years that even intercourse was difficult. Just looking at Jack's body was getting her hot. 
