 Scene 1

Returning from work one day in June, Alice picked up the mail before entering her home. In addition to the usual bills, a flyer announcing a new pizza parlour and a women's magazine, there was a letter without a return address that intrigued her. Putting down everything she held in her hands on the hall table, she tore the envelope open. Inside was a card on the cover of which was a nude hunk seated on a birthday cake adorned with rows of candles. The writing across the page read," You are invited. " Inside, there was information about the time and place of the surprise birthday party and instructions, which read:

1. A limo will pick you up and bring you back. 

2. Bring an inexpensive sex oriented gift. 

3. Wear something nice, maybe a little sexy, a dress or skirt, shoes. No jeans or sneakers. 

4. Bring a small purse tagged with your name, address and telephone number. Make sure your entrance key is in it. 

5. Cost: $25 per person payable in advance. Pays everything. 

To confirm call Nina or see her at work. 

Alice knew Nina well; she was the supervisor of one of the larger departments at the store. Nina was a little younger than Alice but they had become good friends especially since her separation from Bob. Nina was also divorced. Alice wondered who was the party for; although with Nina in charge she suspected that it might be for her since her own birthday was the day following the date of this party. Anyway she would go for sure no matter what. These days there were not too many occasions to go out dressed up. As for purchasing the sexy gift there was plenty of time to think of that since the party was a month away. 

After that memorable bridge night and gangbang things went from bad to worse between her and Bob. The love that was agonising was now absolutely dead. It was bound to happen sooner or later. During that evening, Alice had finally asserted herself. Her behaviour had been more an act of liberation rather than of sexual promiscuity. As for Bob he realized that despite a certain assault on his pride, he really did not give a damn how Alice behaved. Needless to say he was cool towards the guys at work, he and Ed were no longer friends. The separation had not been too costly because they had the same lawyer. Alice kept the house and the two kids remained with her for a while. Bob got most of the other investments and had to pay some alimony. All told it turned out pretty well. 

However living alone was no picnic for Alice. If Bob could go to the pub to relieve the boredom and the loneliness Alice could not. Moreover, all her life she had not really cultivated any friends having concentrated mainly on her family. She was just recently beginning to have friends. 

Alice looked at herself in the mirror while thinking, "My god over a month already since I received that invitation. My how time flies. You're getting old babe, tomorrow you'll be forty. Where have the years gone? And I still don't know whose birthday it is. Nina was evasive she said that to keep it a secret she wasn't telling anything to anyone. I don't even know for sure who is coming. "

She picked up an apple-green silk shirtdress and slipped it on over a see-thru bra and sheer bikini panties. The undergarment part of her outfit was sexy enough but she thought the dress was a little matronly. True it was sleeveless and form fitting and came just above the knees. It also buttoned all the way up in front. By leaving a couple of buttons undone on top she could show some cleavage and by doing the same at the hem she would reveal a bit of thigh. Around her waist she tied a bright yellow scarf to further accent her good looking figure. Her long blonde hair was loose, flowing and a little dishevelled which went well with the laid-back look of her dress. Crimson lips, a light touch of black mascara and stunning copper-toned lids accented her classic look. Finally she slipped on a pair of sling back white sandals. 

"Pretty good even if I say so myself. "

It was getting close to 8 pm so she picked up her small purse and the plastic bag with a wrapped box containing her gift that consisted of two packs of playing cards featuring nude males and went outside to wait for the limousine. 

Shortly afterwards the car arrived and a handsome young chauffeur opened the door and 

got out. 

"Evening mam. My name is Jake. . A woman called Nina asked me to take pictures of the girls before they got in the limo. Do you mind if I take a video of you. Sort of glamour shots. "

"Ok by me, "Alice said as she posed in front of the luxury automobile. One thing led to another till finally she was showing quite a bit of skin while joking with this super hunk. 

When she stepped into the car a girl called Margot was already seated in the corner of the plush leather rear seat. Alice knew her a little since she worked in accounting. 

"Hi Margot. So you're also going to the party," Alice said as she sat on the leather seat along one side. In front on the opposite side she looked at a complete bar and rec centre. 

"Well hello Alice nice to see you again. We don't get to meet very often. Here let me pour you a glass of bubbly. The champagne was in this ice bucket when I came in. 'Complementary drink' he said,'" pointing to the driver. 

"Speaking of drivers, did you noticed what a hunk of a man he is?" whispered Alice. 

"Yah right. How could I miss him? Before I got in he nearly had me posing nude for him. 

While they were sipping the sparkling wine, Alice looked slyly at the younger woman who was in her late twenties. What a knockout she was in that beguiling cheongsam dress. The resemblance between the traditional Chinese dress and the one she was wearing was negligible. Made up in embroidered satin, it had the high mandarin collar and the form-fitting silhouette. Normally it would be mid-calf length, however this one had only a tapering side panel going to mid-calf on one leg. From there the slanted hip high hem line front and back revealed most of her long slim legs and hardly covered her buns and crotch. Actually Alice could catch a glimpse of her red v-shaped panties when she opened her legs. The top part had a large keyhole bodice showing sizeable portions of her ample breasts and a zippered front that could be opened to below the navel. 

"I have not seen that type of dress very often Margot, but yours is absolutely stunning and so sexy,' Alice exclaimed in admiration. 

"Not too sexy I hope. You know I bought it online at a steal. You look good in that shirt dress Alice, very becoming. If I may make a suggestion, you might open one more top button Alice. And lift the collar at the back. That will make you look a little more debonair and flirty. " 

Shortly the limo stopped again and, after a while, in came Naomi, a dark-skinned petite black girl with a vivacious personality. 

"Hello you two. Nice warm night for a girl's night out. You know I'm amazed that guy had me showing my tits while he took a video. I wonder what kind of entertainment Nina has planned?"

She showed off a super cute, sassy hot red flirt skirt and a sheer chiffon ruffled off-the-shoulder peasant style top. Underneath she wore a tiny matching lace v-shorts with an extra cheeky rear view and no bra because her nipples were clearly visible beneath the semi-transparent material. 

"Have some wine Naomi you paid for it, I think. "

The same routine occurred three more times until six women were seated at the back of the limo drinking champagne and gossiping. Alice knew them all, some more than others, but they all worked where she did. All of them were good looking women in their twenties or early thirties. Some were married others not. However, in this context, they seemed different than at work . For one thing they were all dressed in tempting show-a-lot-of-skin gear with hairstyles, makeup, shoes and jewellery to match. For another they were relaxed and a little naughty away from the pressure and conformity of the store. Everybody was laughing and excited when the car stopped and the handsome muscular chauffer opened the door. While they were exiting some of the following comments were heard:

" You can drive my machine anytime handsome,"

"Come up and see me sometime big boy,"

" With a physique like that you should be a male stripper,"' If you got the smarts to match your shape you'd be a good stud to have around,"

"Honey you must have a licence to drive me this crazy,"

"Baby you make my juices run down my legs. "

They went up a long flight of stairs to a reception room on the second story of a private club. It was very secluded; the only way up was the staircase with the outside entrance they had just climbed. The room itself was not particularly luxurious or large; it could accommodate maybe fifty people. At one end was a row of windows with worn out curtains while at the other was a door and pass-through leading to a large kitchen. The other two walls were bare except for the plentiful party decorations, such as penis -shaped balloons, long pecker -shaped birthday banners etc. , that had been placed there in advance. The extra chairs and tables were scattered along one of the sidewalls. In the middle of the floor a large oval-shaped table surrounded by twelve chairs had been set up. The napkins, paper plates, plastic wine cups were all decorated with something sexual. For instance, on one end of the straws was a small dicky sipper; the napkins were adorned with muscle men with huge dicks. Spread on the table was candies like dickorice, dick licks, spermies, gummy peckers, chips, popcorn and pretzels. It was quite warm in the hall since there was no air conditioning. 

A girl they didn't know was taking pictures with a video camera. She wasn't out of place wearing a red t-shirt dress. 

"What's with that video camera?" asked one of the women called Tara. 

Tara worked in advertising. She was an attractive 30ish woman who had black hair, dark eyes and a dark tanned skin, which set off the white strapless body-hugging sheath dress she was wearing. 

"Oh, I'm sorry I thought you knew. It's all been arranged with Nina. The Vin Monde Wine company is paying for the champagne in return for a few advertising shots. The wine is an excellent quality and expensive. I hope you don't mind. I'll try to make myself invisible. By the way my name is Ann. "

"As far as I'm concerned it's worth it, the wine is awesome and then some," replied Tara. "I understand about the photos I work in advertising also. "

The others agreed. 

After looking over the place while commenting on the décor and the wine, they hung around waiting. From the kitchen emerged a gorgeous bare chested guy in his middle twenties wearing an apron and with a bottle of sparkling wine in each hand. They admired his muscular tanned torso and arms. 

"With a French accent he said," Would you like zee champagne Mesdames?" 

"Pour it on mon choux, pour it on," someone replied. 

"What's your name darling?"

"Mon nom is Marcel. A votre service. "

Alice didn't know about the others but she was already feeling a little light headed from the couple of glassfuls she drank while driving in the limo. 

When he turned around to go back to the kitchen they noticed with delight he was wearing only thong shorts showing them his firm large buttocks causing some to whistle and hoot. 

"Oh, look at that! What a pair of buns!" exclaimed Naomi. 

Another girl called Pat who looked stunning in a tube strapless blue floral dress and a bodice cut so low that it barely contained her breast, shouted," Listen, I hear the other girls arriving. "

True enough they could hear women's voices and laughter as the other guests thundered up the stairs. Finally six other noisy females irrupted through the doorway into the room. There were a lot of warm hugs and friendly teasing as the two groups greeted each other. 

"We thought you would never get here," Alice said. 

"We're late because I forgot something at my place," answered Nina. 

"But we're all here now. Let's drink to that," Tara the sultry vamp in the tight strapless white mini dress called out. 

Immediately the waiter came running out with another couple of wine bottles. The six newcomers were impressed with the guy's body but when he turned around to show his buns they were more than impressed. While they were talking he came back several times, first to bring plates of cheese and crackers, then a couple of bowls of filled with strawberries. Of course, each time he slithered between two girls rubbing up against them and shoving his cheeks in their face tempting them, getting them excited. Finally one girl could stand it no longer as she patted his buttocks when he passed by. 

He turned to her and very politely said," Easy darrrling the night is young. "

"He's right Sandra. Let the man do his job," ordered Nina. 

All the ladies were now either standing or seated around the table drinking and enjoying the party. Alice observed how sexy they all looked. Two of the newcomers were particularly attractive. One whose name was Sandra, had on a gorgeous subtle camisole which flattered her figure with light elegance. It featured exquisite detailing with a delicate scalloped edge along the bottom of the short cami cut a little below her breasts. The camisole had very thin, adjustable straps and closed in back with a single row of 9 hooks and eyes. The skirt was a sheer, minimal coverage thing constructed of tulle overlaided with lace with a hip high split at the left side. The other girl named Karen was similarly clad with a lace stretch cami and a double slit mini skirt. The skirt consisted of two micro mini panels tied together with a thin string. It looked like a loincloth riding so low on the hips that it was just barely hiding the genitalia. Both ensembles epitomized the underwear-as-outerwear trend, that now make camis essential to a young woman's wardrobe. Because they knew they would not be walking very far they had put barefoot sandals on their feet. These consisted of an ankle bracelet from which two strings of gems went down to circle the second toe. Apart from the three strings of colourful imitation precious stones, the flawless feet were bare with brightly painted toenails and looked extremely sexy. 

When Alice sat down, Pat, without delay, sat beside her. Pat and Alice worked in the same notions department. Every thing Pat knew Alice had taught her. They had something like a mother and daughter relationship. Pat was a tiny girl with straight blonde hair parted on the side. The only things big about her were her boobs, which were around size 34C. They were magnificent resembling two firm cones with a cherry on top. At her age and with her type of breast she didn't need a bra but she wore a strapless bra anyways . She was very attached to Alice since her own mother had died. 

"Ladies, ladies, can I have your attention," shouted Nina. " Now will you please take a chair? I have some announcements. "

Alice had always admired Nina. She was a beautiful woman who commanded respect. Tall about 5ft10, slim, and well proportioned she exuded confidence Her face was on the gaunt side, with high cheekbones, a long prominent nose, fleshy lips and large soft brown eyes. She had just enough lines on her face to show a wonderful maturity. Tonight she wore a strapless hankie hem black dress. On her perfect feet she wore strappy dress sandals in a metallic finish. Wrapped platform midsole added a 1/2-inch lift, and a moulded 3 3/4 inch triangular spike high heel gave her just the right height to accentuate her muscular calves. 

"Well, first I would like to welcome all of you and thank you for coming. I also want to compliment you on the marvellous way you look. You are all absolutely stunning and oooh so sexy. If I were bisexual I would fall in love with all of you. Reminds me of the song 'can't keep my eyes off of you. You're just to good to be true'. "

These last comments caused a round of nervous laughter from the audience. That same thought had crossed Alice's mind and she wasn't the only one for she had noticed a physical attraction between certain girls. The way some of them looked at one another, the way others stood close together showed that the hormones were heating up. She even noticed two gals called Inez and Nadia holding hands while talking in low intimate voices. 

"You may have noticed Ann taking pictures. She is working for the wine company who is paying for all the booze. Don't forget you can order other kinds of drinks if you like, just ask the bartender. "

"I haven't notice, is they're a barman in the house?" someone yelled. 

This question brought a lot of hoots and hollers from the crowd. 

"I thought you wouldn't mind. After all, drinks can be very costly. Her name is Ann. Take a bow Ann. Marcel will go around with a box to pick up your purses and put them in a secure place. Make sure your house key is in the purse. 

Now you all know that we are here to celebrate the birthday of a special person, so let's all stand and sing Happy Birthday. "

They all stood and started to sing. Alice did the same. When it came time to sing the line," Happy birthday dear. . . " they all stopped and on a signal from Nina they turned to Alice and sang," . . . Alice. Happy birthday to you. "

Alice was overwhelmed even though she had suspected all along that the party might be for her. The girls all shouted happy birthday accompanied by all kinds of lewd and funny remarks. 

"Let's lift our glasses girls and toast a wonderful person and a great co-worker. Here's to you Alice. "

They all repeated," To you Alice. "

"Oh my god" she stammered. " Thank you so much. I just want to say. . . "

"Ok, Alice save the speech for later," ordered Nina. " for now we have a short bit of entertainment. You all know that Alice was recently separated. Her sex life is restricted at the moment to say the least. To help you out Alice I've ordered a short twelve minute film entitled. . . are you ready?' Masturbation'. " 

Everybody laughed while shouting all kinds of comments and advise. While the two chauffeurs came out with a television and VCR and set up the equipment, the waiter returned without his apron and with only a tiny pouch to hide his genitals to serve more drinks. This time the women were much cruder with their remarks. They were getting high. 

At last the movie was ready 

"Turn off those harsh ceiling lights," demanded Nina

The film was quite explicit it bordered on porn. Not only did it show female and male solo masturbation but females masturbating males and visa versa. During the film Alice heard the following comments: "look at them getting off, sexercising, polishing the pearl, hand jiving, "and so on. She was getting flushed and turned on more and more. The whole evening so far seemed to be spinning around alcohol and sex. 

Looking slyly at the others she could tell they were getting excited. Margot the one with the cheongsam dress who was seated next to her was breathing hard. Sandra sitting on the other side had her split skirt turned so that her inner thigh on one leg and part of her pussy were visible had her hand between her legs and was undoubtedly playing with herself. Alice caught up in the film and conscious of the arousal of most of the girls was getting wet herself. 

Suddenly she felt fingers stroking her neck. She knew that three girls sat on the table behind the row of chairs turned towards the TV. One of them, she didn't know who, sitting directly behind her was tickling her neck sending erotic impulses throughout her body. Then the same gal placed a bare foot on Alice's thigh and began to move it around. Alice was embarrassed but enjoying the sensations too much to say anything. The hand on her neck moved to Alice's chest to gently caress the neck and shoulders and come dangerously close the her breasts. Alice who had not been caressed for a long time was in heaven. She returned the touches by crossing her left hand over her lap to massage the bare foot resting on her right thigh. 
