 This is chapter 5 of 5. This chapter contains explicit MM and FF as well as 4 way/every way sex. If that is not your thing, that's OK, please move on. Comments and suggestions welcome, please rate so I know how I'm doing.

=======================================

They were all just finishing breakfast, the last clinks of silverware and clicks of coffee cups being set down still echoing in the kitchen when Tara piped up. "Hey, I was thinking..."

The other three looked up expectantly, a bit wary, wondering idea non-stop Tara had in store. The looks must have instantly telegraphed, because Tara stopped for a second, then continued, "Whoa, easy campers! I was just thinking that since Jim and Jasmine got here, every time we started to head out, we got... Ummmm... Sidetracked?" This got a laugh from the group and restored the relaxed feeling around the table. "So I thought that today we should actually put at least some clothes on..." This got another chuckle and a few boos. "... and actually get our asses out of the house. I propose a little tour of the town, a quick pass by that cute row of boutiques downtown. Hang on guys!" She said as both men started to figure a way out of going shopping with the ladies. "If watching us try on some sexy bathing suits and maybe some lingerie is too much trouble, then we can drop you at Jack's and you can talk over drinks while we decide what we can tease you with." This time Tara was the one grinning, a very sly grin. "And then how about The Shrimp Boat for a late lunch, early dinner, maybe with a bottle of champagne to celebrate, then back here?"

This time the responses were all happy and definite. "Oh, yeah...", "Definitely!" and, "Sounds great to me." all rang out at once and the plan was set. 

"OK, let's clean up, then showers and faces and then let's go!"

With Tara's marching orders, they all got up from the table and, as if they had already been doing it for years, cleaned up the kitchen as a team. They were weaving in and out, going back and forth with dishes passing by the trash for a scrape, the sink for a rinse and slotted into the dishwasher racks as if my magic. The leftovers, butter, milk and other condiments were covered and stashed in the right place by one set of hands or another. As they passed one another, a hand reached out to touch a shoulder, arm, hip or butt. A few quick kisses were given and received, and many happy glances and smiles were shared. Within minutes the kitchen was spotless and they were all traipsing to their respective rooms to get ready to go.

Jasmine and Jim did their usual and hopped into the shower together. As they soaped themselves and each other, they both realized that this was the first time that they'd been alone together since the morning before. Before most of what had happened had even started. Spontaneously, they turned to each other and hugged each other tightly, then at the same time leaned back to look into the other's face and said, "I love you," at the same time. They both smiled warmly, the grin marking both their happiness and cuteness of having said 'I love you' simultaneously.

"You are amazing! Are you really good with all of this? It's all been incredibly great, but it's also been so fast."

Jasmine gave Jim a deep, loving kiss before continuing, "Thank you! I really am really fine with everything. But, I'm not even sure what to say or how to say it. Three days ago, I was simply in love with my wonderful boyfriend. He has a bit of a kinky side, which I'd been a bit nervous about trying." She stopped to give him a slightly apologetic smile. "And we were going to go and spend our first vacation together with his oldest and best friends, who are now a married couple. Except for being a little nervous about meeting them and how we'd all get along, it was all going to be a simple, normal vacation with new friends at the beach. 

"And now... And now... Some of life just got changed forever, in ways that many people would be pretty put off by, if not disgusted by. But, I couldn't be happier. I don't even understand most of it. I'd never even considered being attracted to another girl, let alone having sex with one. Now attracted doesn't even begin to describe it. What happened with Tara was mind blowing.

"I'm not really a jealous person. But never in my wildest dreams did I ever think that I'd watch you having sex, no, making love to another person. Let alone another man, and be ecstatic about it, knowing that you were getting to be back with your oldest lover and friend. I was so turned on, I was really afraid I'd burst into flames.

"I've also always been a one-guy-at a time girl, but staying with Matt last night and being back with you here right now, seems completely right.

"And this is the freaky too fast part. I really feel like I am falling in love with both Tara and Matt, and I am falling in love with you all over again, but in a completely new way that feels better than anything I've ever felt before. I feel like I should be scared, hell petrified, but I'm not. I'm just happy." With that Jasmine leaned in to Jim for a hug, and said over his shoulder, "but if we don't get the soap off of us and get out of here, we'll waterlog, or run everyone out of hot water!"

Jim stood there, mouth open, water cascading over both of them. He hugged Jasmine back, fiercely. "You really, truly, are amazing! I have no idea why I deserved to get to meet you, but thank whoever decided and thank you, my love, from me, and I know from all of us.

"And you're right! Let's get out of here, or when we get to the beach, we're gonna look like grubs!"

Jasmine laughed. "OK then, water off!" They stood there in the steamy shower enclosure, still pressed close, in the sudden silence that came with turning the water off.

They kept the companionable silence and stepped out of the shower, each grabbing a towel and drying themselves off, side by side.

"I meant it, you truly are amazing. You've opened your mind, and you've opened your heart. To all of us. No one has every done that before."

"All of you did the same for me. You've all made yourselves vulnerable to me as well. You put it right out front. With honesty and love. How could I not respond in kind?"

"Thankfully, you have no idea. Some ran, some tried to pull us apart, some... Well let's just leave it..."

"Well, I hope it stays like this and I never do then!

"I think that makes four of us. Speaking of four, did you and Matt have fun?"

Lightening the mood with a sun bright smile, Jasmine batted her eyes and cooed, "A lady never tells."

Jim swatted her butt and chuckled. "Good, that's my Jasmine!"

Jasmine giggled. "I think I surprised him. He went down on me and just sent me away, so I returned the favor. He wanted me to stop before he lost it, so he could get in me, but I didn't and oh my! He totally lost it, just like he did to me!" Jasmine giggled again. "I blew him away." And this time Jasmine went into a total giggle fit. "Yes we had fun! You are my man! He's like my playground playmate."

Jim stood there, one leg into his sorts the other leg midair, breaking into a full laugh, only Jasmine pushing him back on the bed, legs akimbo prevented him from ending up on the floor in his laughter. "This is priceless, all of it! I want to remember every word of this conversation for the rest of my life! And... Can I be your playmate too?" 

Jim grabbed Jasmine, rolled on top of her on the bed and started tickling her ribs. While Tara's mouth on her feet didn't do it yesterday, Jim's long fingers squirreling up and down her sides did . She howled and gasped as Jim, looking like a devious 10 year old, tickled her until she was panting between giggles.

They both chuckled through the rest of getting ready and met Tara and Matt in the living room, still grinning like kids who just got promised a treat; arms around each other moving to hugs for Tara and Matt. until they all ended up in a group hug in the middle of the room.

Tara took a deep breath and let it out in a gust. "I really want to keep my promise of showing Jasmine around town today, but one more hug like that and I am going to start tearing clothes off people. So, let's go!"

Everyone grinned and they headed out to the garage and into Matt's SUV. After a few false starts the guys ended up in the front, and the girls in back, with the agreement that they switch every time they get into the car.

They had a fun afternoon showing Jasmine the sights of their childhood, with a few pointers to 'scenes of the crime' where some noteworthy event - usually apocryphal or involving nakedness and sex - had happened.

They guys decided to hang around for the visits to the bikini store and the lingerie shops on the strip. They got something new and sexy for everyone, including the guys who got fitted up with silk boxers for lounging. While the guys modeled, the girls took their turn in the viewing the seats and discussed removing said boxers with their teeth. However the shoe store was the limit, the guys retired to a bar up the block for a beer and some reminiscing while the girls tried on an ever growing pile of shoes.

At about 5:30, they met back up and headed for their favorite place on the water, The Shrimp Boat. A classic beach town, beach front place. Nice but a bit worn and comfy. A place to have some good food, drinks and conversation while laying back. They sprawled into a big booth way in the back. Which, given the early hour, gave them almost total privacy. The nearest other party was four rows of tables away, by the big windows that over looked the water.

They had an assortment of seafood appetizers, with beer for Tara and Jim. Matt and Jasmine opted for wine.

The late afternoon sun gave the place that warm tropical glow and they all basked in it. They shared the food and drink and continued with the stories begun earlier. While they talked and ate, kisses and quick hugs got passed around the table as well. More than a few surreptitious touches and squeezes went around under the table too. It was quite a titillating game as no one was ever sure who was going to reach for who, next. 

As the meal was winding down and the four of them were showing that same glow that was suffusing the room, the server showed up with an iced bottle of champagne, four flutes and bowl of strawberries. She made a show of opening the bottle, pouring the first round and then vanishing with a smile to leave them to their toast. 

Jasmine blushed. "Awww, you shouldn't have!" Tara came back, "Oh yes we should have. You are the most wonderful thing that has happened to us in I-don't-know-how-long and this deserves a real celebration!" Jasmine blushed even more deeply and raised her glass. "Thank you, thank you all for inviting me into your lives and showing me how much more loving and love can be." With that, they all raised their glasses, touched rims and took sips. Jasmine set down her glass, backed her chair up and stood. As at breakfast, the surprised looks on everyone's faces changed to smiles as she moved to give each of them a kiss and a hug. When Jasmine sat back down, Tara said, 'Whew! It is getting hot in here or what?" Then she handed each of the guys a big, red, ripe strawberry; opened her mouth and laid out her tongue like a pink carpet. Matt and Jim, being bright guys, caught on in a flash and proceeded to feed each of the girls a strawberry. They couldn't prevent some of the juice from running down from the corners of their mouths,. The guys came to the rescue, catching the drips with the tips of their fingers, which were then sucked clean of the sweet juice by all of them in turn. Tara picked out a luscious berry and handed it to Jasmine before picking one for herself, this time reversing the feeding and drip catching, the girls serving the guys. But when the drip ran down Matt's chin, she simply leaned over to lick the drop from his face and kissed him, giving the sweetness to him with her tongue.

Jim said, "I think we need to take the rest of those to go, there are a few combinations that I have a feeling that even way back here would cause a stir up front, and I really want to watch Tara and Jasmine trade berries, right before I get to trade with you." The last looking deeply into Matt's eyes. "Not to mention the whole bunch of other places I can think of, to drip that delicious juice and lick it up." This time Jim included all of them in his smoldering look.

Matt's hand went up instantly, in the universal sign to their server to bring them the check and he poured the champagne all 'round the table again, with the last tip of the bottle and the last drop going to Jasmine. He gave her a sly wink and said, "Good to the last drop." Jasmine, giving as good as she got, licked her lips in a full wet circle, and went 'Mmmmmm hmmmmm." Matt just gulped. They all drank deeply of their champagne and none of them would have been surprised to see steam rising out of the chilled glasses. Their bodies and minds were all getting that heated.

They took care of the check, made their good byes to the staff of their favorite place and floated across the parking lot, the four of them abreast, arms around each other. As they neared the car, the hands started sliding down from waists to butts, and by the time they got into the car, with Matt at the wheel, Jasmine shotgun, and Jim and Tara in back, the windows were already starting to fog, like teens making out in the car in high school.

Matt cranked up the A/C, pulled out of the lot, and did a beeline home, as fast as they could go without fear of getting stopped.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Matt was so anxious to get the four of them home that he was limp with relief when the SUV was finally in the garage, in Park, the motor off. Well almost off of him was limp, there was one part that threatened to keep him from getting out from under the steering wheel. They all folded out of the car and about dragged each other into the house.

Tara went right into dispatch mode. "Oh boy! Let's go! I'll go get the toy box, you three head to Jim and Jasmine's room, new venue for a new experience. Please grab drinks on the way, iced tea for me, please."

Jasmine blinked. "Oh my god! This time it's all four of us, all together!" She squealed. "I am so ready. Last night I thought I'd die, even being with Tara, not getting to join in!"

Everyone laughed at Jasmine's excitement, but were really thinking variations of the same exact thing. Tara tossed over her shoulder on the way out of the room, "So, don't just stand there you guys, get the drinks and let's get naked and gooey!"

They all chuckled at Tara's last, but focused their efforts on the task at hand. They all arrived at Jasmine and Jim's room together. Tara was carrying a plastic storage box with all sorts of unidentifiable, colorful items showing through the translucent sides. When Jasmine looked at the box with a question, Tara just grinned and said, "Just you wait, it'll be worth it!"

Drinks were parked in convenient positions and the box placed on the floor next to the bed. Then they all looked at each other, took several excited breaths, and just stood there staring at each other. No one making the first move. Surprising everyone, including herself, Jasmine reach out and gathered them into a huddle, then opened her mouth to draw all of them into one big, hot, wet kiss. That was all it took. Four tongues started to stroke and wrestle with each other, while eight hands started to tug, unzip, slip, slide and yank at clothing. 

With barely any interruption of the kiss, they all stood in the middle of the room, naked, their clothing flung all over. Matt guided the two girls toward the bed with Jim ushering from behind. When they got there, it was a slow motion collapse. They all ended up laying on the bed at different angles to reach whatever part of whoever they were trying to touch or kiss. Matt's mouth was on Jasmine's in a steamy kiss while Tara latched onto one of her nipples and Jim licked and sucked at one of Tara's. Hands roamed everywhere, touching, stroking, kneading and needing, until they weren't exactly sure who was doing what to who.

Jasmine pulled back from Matt giving him a look of searing passion before leaning over and engulfing Jim's erection to its root in one slurp. Not to leave Matt out, she also reached down to stroke Matt only to find Tara's hand already there. Tara also started licking her way down from Jasmine's nipple, taking a stop to kiss and tongue her navel before continuing further down. Matt and Jim, watching the action unfold looked at each other, grinned and when Jim motioned Matt toward the vertex of Tara's spread legs, Matt licked his lips and nodded as he leaned down to position himself with his head between Tara's thighs. Jim smiled to himself as he nuzzled into Matt's crotch and began to lick his balls, gently sucking one into his mouth and hearing Matt's muffled moan into Tara's already wet folds.

The four settled into their boy-boy-girl-girl daisy chain, happily lapping, slurping and sucking each other. Marry and Jim licking and bobbing on Jim and Matt, while Tara and Matt lapped at Jasmine and Tara. Their hands roamed to add to the excitement. Nipples, small and large were rolled between fingers or lightly pinched. Testicles were cradled and massaged and fingers were added to tongues caressing nubs, folds and entrances.

This went on for some time, everyone's breathing getting faster and raspier, bodies writhing with increasing undulations. Then Tara lifted her mouth from Jasmine. "God this is good, I could do this for hours, but I need a ride. Jasmine, you pick which of these fine stallions you'd like and let's saddle up!" Jasmine only paid attention because Tara had removed her tongue from her clit and she was suddenly wondering what happened. But now that Tara's suggestion was filtering into her consciousness, it was a great idea. She came out of her simulation induced haze, lifted her mouth off of Jim and said "Oh yeah, cowgirl, I think it's time I rode this one," looking at Matt like a meal and repositioning herself. Leaning over to where Jim was smoothly bobbing up and down Matt's length, she joined him licking Matt's shaft and balls for a few strokes then said, "Excuse me baby, I'd like to borrow your pacifier." Jim grinned at her and with a last lick, lifted his head and met her in a deep tongue tangling kiss. "He's all yours, love, at least for a while," he said, chuckling as he rolled away toward Tara who was already climbing on top of him. Jasmine tossed a leg over Matt and straddled him. Matt had been in his own blissful haze. But, Tara pulling her wet sex away from his face just as Jim let his lips slide off of Matt's cock had had brought him back to the present. Just in time for Jasmine to hop on, put the head of his cock to her entrance and sit down taking him all in one motion. His eyes rolled back in his head and his mouth opened wide in a groan. Jasmine giggled as she began to rotate her hips, grinding against Matt's root. She looked over at Tara, assuming a similar position on top of the also grinning Jim and started giggling again. She high fived Tara then twisted over to give her a big, wet kiss then leaned forward to kiss Matt, and then almost rolled off of him leaning way over to kiss Jim. When she broke the kiss with Jim she looked down at Matt. "Well, are you a merry-go-round pony or a bronco?" Turning to Tara, she said, "Race ya girlfriend!' Jasmine began to ride Matt like a horse, bouncing up and down while rocking her hips back and forth as if she was sitting a saddle. Tara laughed deeply and yelled, "Yeehaa," as she started with the same motion. The men, not to be outdone, started arching back up into the ladies with equal speed and power. Within a minute, all four were panting and groaning both from the exertion and the intense pleasure this pony ride was giving them all.
