 This is the second installment of the series, 'Four plus one'. The first chapter, Monkey Bars, is in the First Time category: it will make more sense if you start there. Or you can just read on and enjoy this one! Please vote or comment if you like it.

*****

It happened. The whole idea seemed to have a life of its own and, while everyone was excited (and just a little frightened) about it, no one could recall actually committing to it or even persuading others to it. So it just happened, almost by itself. That allowed everyone to think they were not forcing anyone, rather they were agreeing with the proposal, that clearly one of the others must have made.

Danny found a place. His work with cars and trucks gave him a few contacts across the city, one of which came good. 

"It's a funny old place, old inner suburb, near a workshop I used to go to. It's seen better days, that's for sure. It's bigger than the houses around it, so we can infer it was the original house on the land."

Infer. Danny's striking choice of words.

"One driveway, no garage, a shed, a bit of garden which needs a lot of love, beautiful coloured glass around the door, rough old kitchen, only one bathroom... but most importantly, five bedrooms!"

In fact, one of the bedrooms was not. It was a glassed-in veranda, but Danny volunteered for that one. "Nicer than a good few places I've called home" was his cheerful comment. A few rugs covered the old floorboards (sanded down to remove the worst bumps), while Perspex sheets fitted over most of the louvres made it surprisingly snug.

Furniture was found or scrounged - Phoebe had an endless supply of relatives with too much stuff. Kerbside collections were a treasure trove. Danny produced a very unfriendly chemical which stripped the grease off walls. Andrea got hold of some white paint to freshen up the kitchen and part of the hall. She also repaired the stair-rail. Someone's father even found some topsoil to revive the garden. Everyone helped willingly. The excitement built as each improvement was finished or new person arrived.

In a very short space of time, all five were out of their parents' houses or their old rooms and into The Love Shack, as someone inevitably called it.

Mel was last in. A celebration dinner was called: supermarket lasagne with a cheap and cheerful red. The garlic bread by contrast was carefully hand-made with butter and fresh garlic. It filled the house with a warm, inviting smell. Atlantia had found a box of candles and a book of matches ("When were phone numbers that short?" someone asked). It could not have been a better start for the household.

They took their glasses into the lounge room and flopped down onto the mismatched couches. Danny and Atlantia found themselves side by side with the others opposite and around them. The laughs and the cheerful talk felt like it could go on all night.

"That was better than any meal we could've bought in a restaurant."

"You think? Better than any meal we could afford, maybe!"

"Y'know, we are totally insane to take this on! How on earth is this going to work?"

"Just keep buying lasagnes and bad wine. What's the problem!"

"I'm really excited to be here. It just feels like, what we should do, after what we've done with each other." Phoebe spoke for them all, adding her optimism and quiet sense of adventure

"Which reminds me, who's doing who tonight??"

"Mel!! Don't rush things! I'm sure we're all tired..."

"Don't rush? That's why I'm here! But I want to know, who'll be the first to rush him!"

"Maybe I'll rush you all first!" Danny cut in.

After the laughter died down, everyone was lost in thought. The question had now been asked. After all, this is why we've moved in together. That one crazy day in the old hotel room, Danny's old-world courtesy mixed with the girls' easy intimacy, the truly amazing sex, the collapse of any barriers between them, the sheer luck that it all worked out... we moved in together, to get more of it. But how do we make it happen?

Danny cleared his throat.

"I hope you'll put up with this, but I must speak with candour. ("Ooh, candour, what a gorgeous word!" they exclaimed.) This whole living together thing will have to be based on trust, and honesty, and generosity, so I will be as trusting and as honest as I can. I'm also saying that, from now on, I will try my hardest to say yes when you ask me... something."

The last word cracked them up. They laughed, but without any derision. They gave each other sideways glances. Mel spoke up, possibly for all of them.

"Thank you for that, Danny. Now, could you take your dick out of your pants."

Danny was stunned. He had meant, ask him "something" in private, maybe with some sort of build-up, not right here right now. But he was caught by his own words. In a way, this was a test, which he chose to pass. And who knows where it may end up? Slowly he undid his trousers.

The girls were nearly as stunned as Danny by Mel's forthright manner. They held their breath to see how he would react. They were almost relieved when he started to loosen his clothes. They could not take their eyes away as his fingers unbuckled his belt, then eased his jeans down slightly while he raised his bottom off the couch. His hands hooked onto his jocks and eased out his member. Resting on top of his balls, it lay soft and small, nestled in his dark curly hairs, almost inviting the girls to touch. 

"Make it hard."

It was the natural progression, but still the girls caught their breath. Danny was half-expecting it too, so he picked it up in one hand and lightly tugged and fondled it, rolling the skin around and up and down over the smooth head.

The girls watched as it slowly grew. The head darkened, the shaft stretched up. His foreskin eased back as the whole shaft stood tall and proud.

Of course they knew what an aroused penis looked like - they had seen Danny's in action before this; but seeing the process, from the start, done for them, was special. They recognised the trust Danny was putting in them, and felt closer to him for it.

"Make it come for us, please." Phoebe would have sounded ridiculous, except for the closeness - and mounting desire - they were all experiencing.

Danny looked at each girl in turn as he rubbed his shaft up and down. In turn, he recalled each of their adventures with him, or just the natural physical energy of each one: lively, sensitive, sexual creatures. He looked longest at Atlantia.

He recalled the start of the whole crazy thing. The voice (was it God?) had said to go back and wait. Almost on impulse he chose Lanny's home town... and there she was. There she was later, in his bed, making love with him. It was her first time.

He recalled the next morning. Mel and Phoebe arrived, Mel pounced on Lanny and somehow he ended up screwing her. Then the girls gave themselves a threesome, then Phoebe offered him her virginity and he (gently) took it.

He recalled the foursome that just came about when Andrea turned up. He left himself out of that one.

Mel was sitting across from him on the couch. She could see every detail of his cock's sliding skin, and of the muscles of his torso flexing. She thought how good he looked, and how she had ordered this. Her arousal overcame her and she joined in. She knelt on the floor beside his legs.

She rested her hand on his arm to stop its work. With her other hand she cradled his balls and shaft and kissed the head of his cock. Danny sucked air in.

She pulled his pants further down and allowed him to open his legs wider. With her elbows beside his lap, she could pleasure him fully, licking the shaft, running her teeth lightly round the rim of the helmet, sucking and bobbing hungrily. The girls watched in awe.

Mel looked up at Danny with wicked eyes. "I will do you properly one day, but not now. I want them to see you come, like you came on Phoebe." Danny nodded.

Expertly she tongued the shaft and nuzzled up under the edge of the head. She sucked hard on the head, then released, letting her spit smear over the dark bulb. Danny breathed hard, his head rolling back. His leg muscles were rigid. The girls watched in fascination as Mel rubbed fast then slow, vigorously stretching him then lightly stroking.

"I'm close," he said hoarsely soon after that. Mel tucked her hair behind one ear and lay on his torso and furiously tugged. Danny lifted his hips off the couch, stiffened tautly and let out a long gasping sigh. His balls rose and come shot out of his cock, maybe as high as his cock's length. Mel aimed it expertly straight up, so it landed in his curly pubic hair. She worked the shaft and a few more little spurts leaked out and down over her fingers.

Danny lay back on the couch, his chest rising and falling. The smell of his come wafted around the room. He looked dazed. Mel was playing with one of the larger sticky blobs. Andrea had a tissue in her pocket and used it to wipe him up. He smiled weakly at her.

The others sat in wonder.

Presently he got up. As if in a dream, he slowly undressed in front of them until he stood naked. They stared up at his firm chest and torso, the broad shoulders, the hard hands. His cock had shrunk a bit and a drop of shiny white come hung from the tip. He took Mel's hand and stood her up, then embraced her, kissing her deeply. He turned to Andrea and did the same, holding her tightly. He took Phoebe's hand and she stepped into his strong arms. Each girl sat slowly after their exchange. Lastly he brought Atlantia up and held her tightly and kissed her warmly. The whole procedure happened in silence. They kept their clothes on while he was bare from top to toe.

In silence he gathered up his clothes, finished off his glass of wine, nodded to the girls and went upstairs.