 This is Part 3 of the series, 'Four plus one'. Part 1 is in the First Time category: it will make more sense if you start there. Or just start where you like - thats the idea. Please vote or comment if you like it.

*****

The day was lousy. A hundred little things, at work and at college, had gone wrong. Atlantia told herself each one was small and shouldn't upset her, but together the effect had mounted up. She now swung between rage and self-pity as she stood uncomfortably on the smelly train home.

At the house she banged through the front door, past the lounge and up the stairs. She had planned to go straight to her room, but four steps up she remembered the cream she'd bought. She cursed. She stomped back down.

She put the cream in the fridge and took out the old cordial bottle that was used as a water chiller. She needed a cool drink.

There was barely half a cup of water in it.

At the sink she crossly splashed tap water into a glass and drank it down. The wet glass slipped from her hand and fell, knocking a cup off the bench. Both smashed on the floor.

One little irritation after another. The last one was the cup: it was an old one of hers. Normally she was not sentimental towards her things but, today... it was the last straw. A sob escaped her and she felt hot, angry tears on her cheeks.

"Hey Lanny. I like your washing up. Tell you what, I'll dry for you-" Andrea swung brightly into the kitchen, took one look at Atlantia's teary face and eased her away from the wreckage on the floor.

"Oh, Lanny lady love, I'm sorry. That was insensitive. I'm guessing you have not had the best day possible. You didn't need my wisecracks." Andrea hugged her warmly. She put her down at the kitchen table and brought her another glass of water. Atlantia smiled weakly.

"Thanks. Thanks. It was as they say, a crap day. Just a thousand little things. You came in just at the wrong moment."

Andrea got out the dustpan and bent down to sweep up the pieces. "I hope I can make things get a bit better for you. Let me fix this up and make you a cup of tea. The biscuits were new yesterday so they can't be finished off already - I hope."

Wearily Atlantia watched Andrea's efficient movements. It's good to get home and be a bit looked after, she she thought appreciatively. She recalled their first night all together. She remembered the eating, the laughing, the drinking. She could sense the community they had already started to make - she vividly remembered Danny's declaration and Mel's amazing response. She felt herself calming, the anger and tension of outside starting to ebb.

Hot tea in hand, the last three biscuits on a plate, Atlantia started to feel safe in their little world.

---

The house, their house, had a sense of expectancy. Something startling would happen, you could feel it; and Atlantia wondered if she was ready for it. She also wondered at herself: the scenarios in her head seemed completely mad at one level (and beyond considering), but mad seemed almost normal now, or at least worth thinking about. She and Danny, she and Mel, she and Phoebe, Andrea...

"Is this me? Am I going crazy?" Atlantia realised she had said it aloud. She shook her head and gave up trying to work it out. She thanked Andrea sincerely and mumbled excuses to go upstairs.

In her room she flicked off her shoes and sat heavily on the bed. She had not quite got the second shoe off when she landed, the bounce and the wriggle tipped her over and she flopped backwards onto the bed. The memory of the last time that happened flooded over her...

Danny had picked her up as easily as a child and tossed her onto his hotel bed. Naked, they had romped up and down the bed, and over each other's bodies. She relived the feel of his hard hands against her skin. Lying back on the bed, she let her own hands roam up her middle, over her sides and across her breasts. They crossed and went down each bare arm. They stole into the warmth between her thighs. She hummed to herself as her fingers cupped her mound and felt the lines of her labia.

But it wasn't right. She was tense. Her touch was coarse. Crossly she felt that she was going to spoil the memory. It was another thing going wrong with the day, wrecking Andrea's effort to cheer her up. If this was supposed to be the start of a thousand and one erotic nights, she wondered if the whole idea of the shared house was not a disaster about to happen. A sob escaped her. 

There was a tapping on the door. "What now??" she barked, simultaneously realising the tapper wasn't to know her feelings.

Andrea peeped in the door. "I was going to ask if you want to be in the kitchen while I make a bit of dinner- hey, what's up?"

Atlantia propped herself up on the bed, then fell back. She was fighting tears. "You're being so nice and I'm just being useless. And rude."

Andrea came in making soothing noises. She lifted Atlantia back up and squeezed her shoulders. She could feel the tension. The nurse in her took charge.

She put the heater on, put on the bedside light and switched off the main light. She'd noticed a bottle of moisturiser handy so she took that. She positioned Atlantia sitting on the foot of the bed and put herself behind her. She started to massage her shoulders. 

Atlantia sighed. She had a sense of Andrea organising something and had decided she would be polite, then ask her to go out when it was a good time. But Andrea's steady breathing and her sureness of touch were making her feel better already. The growing warmth in the room helped as well. The day's troubles started to recede.

Andrea efficiently lifted her top up and eased off Atlantia's bra straps. She put a quantity of moisturiser in each hand, allowing it to warm up, then started to work her back and shoulder muscles more firmly.

Atlantia was hesitant about the extra level of intimacy. "Andie, I don't know if I..."

"Yes you do. You're relaxing now, but we need to get you much less tense than this. I used to do post-surgery massage. I could do a lot of good without any medication." Her voice was steady, deeper, softer; part of the treatment. Atlantia felt herself warming and relaxing further. It felt wonderful, really.

Andrea worked across her shoulders and up her neck, working steadily, with no sense of rush. She softened the muscles around each shoulder and down the arms, with calm, regular strokes. Atlantia felt herself soften with each passing minute. Andrea started to work her way down the spine, so she undid the bra stretched across the back.

Atlantia was aware of being slowly undressed, but it didn't seem to matter now. She was loving the firm touch of Andrea's hands with the warm cream helping them move across her skin. Her steady, hypnotic breathing, occasionally warming her shoulder as she leant into her work, everything put her at ease. She started to recall Danny's touch, which started a vague tingling in her. Then she recalled bringing Andrea to a staggering climax... the morning after she and Danny had made love for the first time.

Andrea had paused with her hands up on Atlantia's shoulders. Atlantia took a hand and pushed it under her loosened bra. The fingers brushed over her nipple and she purred with pleasure. She pulled the hand across to play with her other nipple. She shivered as she felt it draw up and harden.

Andrea took the hint. She caressed each soft breast and lightly kissed her neck and shoulder. She felt them flex under the touch of her lips. She felt her own desire rise up in her. Although she was attracted to Lanny, she cared for her too much as a friend to make a move on her. But now they all lived together in the "Love Shack"... let's just let it happen as it happens, she thought.

She ran her hands over Atlantia's breasts, down her sides then up under them, feeling the warmth and very slight dampness on the smooth skin. She felt the soft body under her hands flex and shrug with pleasure. She worked the shoulders again, then eased her way further down her spine and into her pants. She smoothed over the splayed hips, back to her tummy and up to the breasts again. Atlantia sighed contentedly. 

This went on, Andrea alternating massage and caresses and Atlantia soaking up the warm feelings. Then she realised she had undone her jeans and had her own hand in her panties. When a hand went past she brushed over the fingertips. Finally she held one just below her belly button. Andrea froze.

Atlantia pushed the hand down into her curly hairs. There was very little space so the fingers were pressed into her pussy. It felt wonderful. She rolled the fingers across her clit and it felt even better.

Andrea gasped as she felt her fingers being pushed into Lanny's hot wet cleft. She felt tingles up her arm, also in her other hand, which happened to be on Atlantia's midriff. She stole up and tweaked a nipple and got a sharp breath of pleasure in return. She kissed Lanny's shoulder: she twisted around to meet her lips.

They kissed. Soft lips on soft lips, no stubble or manly noses, but the same exploring, feeling, discovering, delighting. Tongues over teeth, brushing each other, faintest taste of biscuit. It went on and on.

Atlantia suddenly stood up. She shook off her loosened clothes and wriggled out of her jeans. Standing with her back to Andrea, she looked over her shoulder and gave a naughty smile. She climbed back on the bed, but backwards. Andrea was puzzled, but enjoying the sight of Lanny's hips and bottom, backing up to her.

On her knees, Atlantia bumped against Andrea. She could sense the mounds of her breasts and her breathing against her back. She leant on her, until with a little squeal she fell over. Atlantia kept backing up over tangled legs and arms, until her pussy was over Andrea's face. At her own end she noticed the warmth coming from Andie's jeans. Eagerly she unzipped them and started tugging, then pulling them off when she raised her hips. She was staring down into Andie's pussy.

She was struck by how neat it was. There was less hair than she had; it lay flatter, enhancing the curve of her mound and her lips. The inner lips seemed almost rolled up together as they peeped out of the middle slit. When she separated the outer lips they unfolded themselves, and the scent of Andie's juices came out strongly. 

She remembered how wet Andie got that morning in the old hotel. She remembered licking her to orgasm (with her tied to the bed) and suddenly she wanted to taste her again, that sweet, secret taste, different from hers but so charged with sensation. She gently pressed her tongue in to the moistening cleft.

"Aaahaaaaah!" Andrea bucked up into her face. Her extended tongue ran down her inner channel to the soft hole of her vagina. She could taste and smell the fresh fluids she was making. She lapped and kissed the pink folds of her cunt.

Andrea had been enjoying the sight of Lanny's bush over her head. Taken aback by her playful move, she was now revelling in the sight of her thighs backing up over her and her boobs swinging as they hung down. The dark curly hairs of her pussy gave off their own scent which mixed with the smell of Lanny's skin. Then the tongue in her own cleft, the sensation had grabbed her and tossed her.

"Aaahaaaaah!!" Hot rushes spread from her pussy up her body. She twitched her legs, but Lanny put her elbows on them to hold them down. She could feel the familiar wetness rising. She could feel an orgasm already mounting. She clutched the smooth legs either side of her face and tried to relax.

Atlantia wasn't making it easy. As the juices came, she lapped them up, or scooped them and smeared them across her clit. She pulled the little hood up and tapped the shiny white button. Andrea whimpered. Her skin glowed. smell grew stronger.

Atlantia paddled and scratched her fingers up Andie's inner thighs, and enjoyed the quivering reaction. Andie still had her socks on, but she could easily see the toes curling on each foot. She loved giving this tormenting pleasure to her friend. "Am I gay? Bi? I don't really know. I just like these people. I like doing this!" Odd thoughts wandered through her head.

Andrea had no thoughts. The touches to her thighs were like electricity. The nuzzles and kisses and little sucks in her hot cunt were making her head spin. Lanny was now lying on her, so she pulled her t-shirt and bra up so her nipples could graze the bare skin. She could feel the wetness all over her crotch. Every touch by Lanny sent her further towards the edge. Her voice rose in pitch

"Ah fuck fuck Lanny I'm close I'm gonna come I'm gonna o fuck o fuck o fuck-" Andrea's voice rose again. Her legs stiffened as she raised herself up against Atlantia's weight. She bucked her head up into the soft thatch above her face as her orgasm shuddered through her. She tried desperately not to bite the delicate flesh, or tear at Lanny's rounded buttocks as she clutched them.

Atlantia lay on top, feeling the tremors wracking Andie below her and marvelling at the intensity of her pleasure. Her inner pussy lips were almost pulsing, while trickles of come appeared. She put her hand underneath and watched the shiny fluid dribble over the fingertips. She ran her hands down the warm clammy skin of her legs. The smell of her sex was everywhere. Presently she rolled off.

Andrea lay there naked except for her socks and scrunched-up top. Her nipples had settled with her breathing. She felt warm and relaxed. Atlantia turned herself around on the bed to be in the same direction. She kissed her again and smiled.

"God that felt good! Thank God you can do that to me! I cannot possibly explain how good I feel!" She put a hand up to Lanny's face poised above and beside her. "Part of me wants to keep you to myself, part of me wants to shout to the heavens what a good friend you are, and share you round to prove it! Yeah, crazy, but what do you expect?"

They lay awhile in easy silence, Andrea's hand still on Atlantia's face. She felt herself dozing off.

"Do you want to come?" she said in a sleepy voice.

Atlantia kissed her again. "No, don't think so. I've loved playing with you and making you come. I'm just gonna lie here and enjoy the fact you completely wiped away my lousy, horrible day."

"Ah yeah. I'd forgotten about that." Andie smiled.

"You've forgotten about dinner, too!" 

Andie smiled a bit more.