 Welcome to Part 4 of the series, 'Four plus one'. Part 1 is in the First Time category: it will make more sense if you start there... or just jump in where you like - that's the idea. Please vote or comment if you like it.

*****

Mel rattled, then cursed, then rattled again. Neither seemed to work.

She eased the key out of the lock a millimetre, twisted with a force that left a red key print on her hand, grimaced, and the door came open.

"Hi guys, I'm home. That was me breaking the lock. Mel has forced an entry, she has entered the building. Someone's gotta give me a better key! Hi Danny."

She nodded to him through the lounge room door as she whisked into the kitchen, dumped her bag with a crash and took a glass over to the sink.

"It was weird out there today," she said after the first drink of cool, refreshing water. "Driving home, and six people were nice to me! Out-of-their-way nice. Six!" She shook her head at the recollection.

She wandered into the lounge room to see Danny's reaction. Danny was stretched out on the couch, fast asleep.

"Well, I guess you had to be there," she muttered, but with a smile.

Staring down at him, she found herself studying his features. Beneath his dark curls he had level eyebrows, a straight nose and generous lips. With eyes shut, he did not command attention the way he did when awake, but instead he seemed to somehow invite you to look, to be attentive to him. He looked at peace, resting, but the strong arms and broad chest gave him the sense of being ready for action as soon as roused. Mel was reminded of the statues of Greek gods she had seen.

On an impulse, she reached down and brushed the faintly scratchy cheek and soft lips. A tingle of arousal went through her from the touch. She brushed around his ear and down his neck.

They were five in the shared house, four old friends and a new one, who also had a link that was older than the group friendship. The mad experiment of living together as a "fivesome" had created a charged sexual atmosphere all through the house, that triggered the strongest feelings: every look and touch seemed to be leading somewhere. They laughed to each other about it, but they all felt it. Mel was no exception.

Mel's hand paused at Danny's collarbone, then went on down his torso. His waist was solid, not pinched in, and he had firm but not oversized thighs. But Mel's gaze stopped higher up.

Danny was wearing chinos, which gave his lower limbs some freedom of movement. Behind the fly zipper he had used up the spare space with a large erection.

Mel knew men usually had an erection when they dreamt, and seeing the evidence made Mel smile broadly. It also gave her a cheeky idea.

Danny's cock was bent into a curve inside his pants, and Mel decided to help him out a little. She knelt down and very slowly and carefully undid his belt buckle. With a little persuasion the leather slipped through the metal rings and released the pants slightly. Danny didn't stir. She gently undid the trouser button and pulled the loose ends to each side, then heard the clicking.

It came from the door. Click, click, rattle. Mel froze in her position, wondering who could be coming in.

"Bloody thing!" The door had given in and let Phoebe into the house, scowling. Mel was delighted. 

"Phoebe! Shush! I'm busy!" she whispered urgently.

Phoebe appeared at the doorway of the lounge room. She took in the scene. A look of astonishment crossed her face, followed by her own cheeky smile. "What..?" she started to ask, but already guessed Mel's intentions as she framed the question. Her smile broadened.

Carefully, gently, Mel unzipped the pants. She stretched the elastic of the jocks inside and lightly eased out the precious contents. Phoebe gasped softly. They both admired the shaft with its fine skin. Fine blood vessels could be seen going down into the dark curls at the base. The head was starting to peep out of the foreskin. Very gently Mel stroked the soft skin over the firm shaft.

"It's long! Is it long? I've never really seen any others, So I guess I can't judge." Phoebe's hushed voice simply relayed her thoughts. "How does all that fit inside?"

This query seemed to fit in with Mel's idea. "Let's find out, shall we?"

"Huh? How?"

"Phoebe! How do you think? I'm guessing there's enough room inside me, but we should check, shouldn't we!"

"Oh! I didn't know you meant... Ummm, can I watch?"

"I was hoping you would!" Mel gave her a lewd smile. With her other hand she brushed under Phoebe's shirt. Then she looked surprised.

"Weren't you wearing a bra when you came in?"

"Maybe I was, maybe I wasn't!"

"You are a cheeky sexy woman! How did you get that off without me noticing?" Mel now had both hands under her shirt. She could feel Phoebe's areoles puffing out on her small breasts. She paused to strip off her own top and bra. Free of any clothing, she shook out her hair and rolled her shoulders back.

Phoebe stared at the heavy, hanging breasts in front of her. The cleavage was now accentuated by Mel's arms. They were a beautiful rounded shape, with distinct areoles and her own fine blood vessels. She reached forward and brushed the neat round nipples with her fingertips. Mel pushed them forward even more. She rubbed her hands up her sides and lifted her breasts up for Phoebe to play with, who ran her fingertips lightly across the smooth skin to the hardened middle part and over the firm tips. Mel sighed.

"That's really nice." She took Phoebe's hand and kissed the fingertips. "You and I will do each other properly one day but I want that cock in me!"

"We'll need to get his pants down somehow,,,"

"Hey!"

Mel had turned to look over at Danny. His pants had mysteriously moved down to about his knees. Both girls studied his face. There was a hint of a smile on the generous lips. They were slightly taken aback. But in Mel's case, not for long.

"You're a cheeky bugger! I wonder how long you've been pretending! OK then, if you're asleep still, don't you dare wake up!" There was a tiny head shake while Danny tried to relax his features. The girls' surprise had delighted him; now the thought of this new game excited him more.

Phoebe had been thinking. "Lets put him on the floor - but gently we don't want to wake him now, do we!"

They eased him off the couch and onto the floor (possibly with some extra help). His shoes, socks and pants were soon in a pile in the corner. The curls of hair on his legs were a lighter, finer version of his pubic hairs, enhancing the solid muscles beneath the skin. Mel's shoes and pants joined the pile in the corner.

She squatted down beside Danny and unconsciously began stroking and fondling herself. She ran her hands over her big outer lips and unfolded her long inner lips. Phoebe watched closely. Mel obviously enjoyed the attention, playing up to it with sultry looks and long, lingering strokes of her pussy. A new emotion struck Phoebe - something like jealousy except it had admiration. "She so likes this. She likes sex, and likes her body, with the long boobs and those pussy lips. Could I do that?"

She couldn't pull her eyes away as Mel made preparations. She put some spit on her fingers and rubbed it between her inner lips. She put some more on Danny's rigid member. "Always put some spit on, girl. Never does any harm. And you want to start easy."

She straddled Danny's hips. With two fingers she spread her generous inner lips, with her other hand she guided Danny's cock. Phoebe got the briefest glimpse of a dark hole in the shiny pink skin, as the shiny cockhead eased in. Again she felt that stirring in her, admiration over envy. "Mel's getting it - again. When she wants something, she goes for it. I want it as well. I'm going to go for it!"

Phoebe watched as Mel slowly eased herself down. Danny's shaft disappeared inside. Mel sighed. She slid back and forth slightly.

"Aahhh, that is deep! Deep and full. Sometimes, my cunt just needs a cock inside her." She rose up and down slowly, savouring the feel of Danny's member. She leant back slightly, partly to give Phoebe a better view of her fucking.

Phoebe took in every detail. The little tugs on Mel's flaps, rolled and stretched with the cock's movement. Danny's hairs mingling with hers when she came down. The few hairs on his shaft plastered down by Mel's juices. Involuntary lifts of his balls. 

"MmmMMmm, feeeels good! Hey, take your pants off, girl, I want to see your slit too!" Mel giving more lessons in assertiveness.

Phoebe stripped off. Sitting on her ankles, her lush bush nestled in her lap. Mel enjoyed the view. "Show me more!" she ordered.

Phoebe actually made a bit of a show of it. She smiled as she ran her hands down inside her thighs and around her knees. She got up to a squat, then slowly pulled her knees apart. Her thick hairs parted to show first a slit, then as the outer lips opened, her delicate interior. The hairs spreading down her thighs framed the shining folds of her pussy. It was much redder than Phoebe was used to seeing. She ran her fingers down through the soft flesh, surprised at their sensitivity. She realised she was panting.

"Give me another taste, please!" 

Phoebe drew out a clear sticky drop from inside her and gave it to Mel to suck. "Mmm, nice. Like last time!"

The last time had been the start of Phoebe's initiation into the world of group sex, that day in the hotel when she'd fed Mel her juices while Danny fucked her from behind. While their friend Lanny watched. And fingered Mel. Phoebe scooped some more out and gave it to her, willingly given and received.

Evidently Mel had been thinking of the same episode. She had a look on her face which said, look out! "Phoebe, you know what spitroasting is?

"Is that when... a girl and two boys... She sucks one and takes one backwards?"

"Yeah." Mel was sliding back and forth more. "It's OK. The boys like it but you get bumped around a bit. But what if we spitroasted Danny??"

"You're crazy."

"I know, but let's do it! You and me, with him in between!"

Phoebe wasn't sure about this at all, but she could feel her self-control slipping, just as it did in the hotel room. Almost any idea seemed worth a try. She swung her leg over Danny's head, noticing the big smile on his face as she did so, even though his eyes were still closed. Oddly, she wondered if her hairs wouldn't be ticklish and make him sneeze. But Danny was ready. As she settled in his arms came up around her buttocks. The hard hands lightly soothed over her bottom and into her crack. His fingers found their way in and parted the lush undergrowth. She could feel his nose nuzzling in, fingers exploring...

"Ooooohh!!" Danny's tongue on her sensitive lips sent electric tingles through her, forcing an involuntary cry from her. Her thighs quivered and her frame shuddered. His tongue worked its way around, over her clit, around her vagina, in every damp crease. The shudders were combining with the electricity and her earlier arousal. It brought back memories

Mel was watching the whole thing with interest. She wasn't moving much now, just feeling the presence of Danny's cock deep inside her. She had started to stroke her clit and play with her pussy lips. She was enjoying the looks on Phoebe's face when something changed.

"Oh! Phoebe! He moved! Danny's been asleep all this time (wink wink), but I think he's got interested in you! He's moving a bit more now!" She began stroking her clit more energetically.

Danny was in fact starting to thrust up into her more. Phoebe watched as his stomach muscles flexed and Mel's breasts jiggled with his pushes. The wonderful stimulation she was getting as well made her feel slightly dizzy. Hot waves seemed to wash through her as Danny's fingers worked on her. An orgasm was coming.

One was coming for Mel too. She hung her head as her fingers strummed her clit and pressed into her thick outer lips. "More, Danny!" she panted. "Push into me! Harder! Come in me! I want to feel you burst inside me!" She had both hands in her crotch now, stroking herself and Danny's heaving torso. Phoebe could feel him tensing underneath her, his fingers pressed into her tender thighs. Seeing his climax coming was as exciting as when he masturbated in front of all the girls for them.

"Danny! Oh God! Faster! Harder! Feels so good up inside me! My cunt wants you! She wants you to come!" Mel sounded urgent.

Suddenly Danny paused at the top of his stroke and held himself and Mel up. Phoebe felt more than heard a great sigh come from below her. Mel paused and savoured the spurts of Danny's come lubricating her channel. She held her breath.

Danny fell back to the floor, but now Mel set up a faster speed. She bounced on his still-firm cock. Phoebe could see white streaks appearing on his shaft as his semen leaked out and down into his hairs.

"I can feel his cream leaking down, Pretty damn sexy, yeah? Sometimes I just love the mess. Oh Phoebe girl, Are you close? Can I come with you? I'm loving watching you get off - I want to do it together!"

Danny had briefly forgotten his job on Phoebe, but now he was back on duty. Phoebe felt the dizziness coming back. She couldn't speak, only nod to Mel. She hurriedly peeled off her top and ran her hands up and down her body, exciting her skin, over her breasts, pinching the nipples, brushing over Dannys rough chin. She felt her heat mounting to her orgasm.

But orgasms are tricky things to arrange. Mel's breathing was ragged. The crazy episode, the feel of Dannys cock inside, the sight of Phoebe riding Danny's face and pleasuring herself, everything combined to push her over.

"Ah, ah, ahh, AAHH!!" Her fluttering fingers paused over her clit. The clamping force in her vagina squeezed Danny's cock out. She slumped forward so her face rested on Phoebe's breasts. She moaned into them quietly and suckled one nipple.

The extra stimulation seemed enough for Phoebe. Clutching Mel's head she felt a high scream leave her. She pushed down hard on to Danny's face (she wondered afterwards how he managed to breathe). She could tell Danny's face was wet with her juices. Hot waves washed over her.

After a good climax, the warm wind-down.

Both girls slumped over towards the couch, still facing each other. They were utterly exhausted. Deftly, Danny rolled out from under them. He knelt between them and hugged both of them warmly. He gently kissed their ears and cheeks. They all sat in easy silence, as their breathing eased slowly. Presently Mel put her hand between her thighs.

"Boy, have you made a mess down here! You're lucky she likes this treatment sometimes!"

Danny gave a slow smile. "Well, someone's made a mess of me - at both ends! I'm not sure if it's safe to fall asleep on the couch any more..."

"Oh shush! Remember your promise to us!"

"Yes. There's no way I would disappoint such wonderful, sexy ladies as you!"

Mel rolled her eyes. "What a gentleman! So ready to offer his big pink cock to us!"

"And his tongue," murmured Phoebe. "Thank you..." She was about to bring up a special promise Danny had made to her, but it didn't seem to be the right time. "But," she thought to herself, "the right time will come."