 Welcome to Part 5 of the series, 'Four Plus One'. The first chapter, Monkey Bars, is in the First Time category: it will make more sense if you start there. Or just dip in and start where you like. Please vote or comment if you like it.

*****

Danny was a good singer. He had discovered this driving trucks on long country routes. This was Country & Western territory, with the radio, the truck stop CD racks and his mates playing nothing else. He found himself singing along with the simple, honest tunes, then singing harmonies and sometimes cross-rhythms against the music.

The girls had soon discovered his skill when they moved in together. Danny would often hum or croon snatches of country songs as he went around the house. Sometimes he would sing appealingly to one of them, "You picked a fine time to leave me Lucille!" or, "I fell in love with the son of a preacher man." They would laugh and be flattered by his attention, as well as appreciating his rich voice.

Danny had discovered the best acoustics for singing were in the bathroom (as was often the case). The hard floor and flat tiles reflected the sound generously, and Danny usually made the most if it. Today was no exception. Kenny Rogers came to mind as he towelled himself down after his shower:

You gotta know when to hold 'em,

(when-to-hold-em)

Know when to fold 'em,

(when-to-fold-em)

Know when to walk awa-ay-ay,

Know when to ru-

He ripped back the shower curtain to find Phoebe sitting there with a huge smile on her face. She was sitting on the lid of the toilet seat, twisted so she could face the bath. She gazed at Danny standing in it, one hand up on the curtain, the other tossing the towel over his shoulder. He froze momentarily.

"Nice pose!" Phoebe said. "You'd make a good Grecian statue. Maybe not standing in a bath, though."

Danny recovered somewhat. "Have you been there long?" he asked.

"Well... I snuck in 'coz I had to use the toilet, and you'd just started The Gambler, so I kind of, stopped to listen. I was going to sneak out before you'd finished, but you pulled the curtain too early for me!" Her big smile and manner made Danny think for an instant it was his fault she was caught out.

"Oh Phoebe love, you gotta know when to walk awa-ay-ay, Know when to run."

Phoebe's laughter bubbled out of her. "That's what I was thinking too! I guess I didn't hear his advice!" Danny couldn't help but laugh with her.

She settled down finally. The two realised they were looking at each other intently and that Phoebe's line of sight was level with Danny's waist. Danny pulled the towel off his shoulder and started to wrap it around his firm torso.

"Well, this will be a new idea of privacy! I hope I get used to it soon."

"I already have." Phoebe stretched out a hand to keep him as he stepped out of the bath. He stood now, looking down at her as she looked up at him.

"The first time, in that hotel, I saw you naked, that was the first time I'd seen a real man's real penis. The first time I hadn't hated my body hair. The first time I felt, so much pleasure at such a level. Then Lanny and Mel!! Making me come like that... if I think about it too hard I just don't believe it. Then you. I was begging you to take me, and you took me, so gently. It could have been unpleasant, or awful, but it wasn't. It was, beautiful. I remember how kind you were - and how you promised to fuck me properly..." Her eyes roamed over his chest, still faintly damp from the shower.

"Then in the lounge room, you stripping down, I so wanted to see you, see all of you. I wanted you again, like you'd promised. Then spitroasting you! You didn't mind did you?" She giggled girlishly at the memory. "But I couldn't make myself... and anyway it was Mel's idea." She watched as her hand tugged on the towel. "Can it be now?" She heard her voice speaking. She felt her pulse surging. It felt almost like she was watching someone else say and do these things, but it was just as exciting. Her pussy was sending tingles around her body.

Danny looked into her eyes, recalling his promise to her, as well as his commitment to be part of the crazy experiment together. And his promise to try and say yes, whenever he could. Although a similar age to the other girls, Phoebe seemed younger, less experienced - but with the forwardness of youth. In any case, a promise is a promise, he reminded himself. He took her hand.

"But there's one thing. Lanny and Mel were, a bit rough with me. And I loved it. Can you be, a bit rough too? But nice-rough, so I like it?" The forwardness, and contradiction, of youth! Danny smiled to himself. He stared hard at her.

"If you're sure?" She looked back and nodded.

He glanced over her. She was wearing a simple top, mid-length shorts and slip-ons. The top was soft cotton, not unlike the cotton rags he'd used in workshops. He had an idea.

He stood her up. He ran his hands up her chest, over her small breasts to the neckline of her top. He could feel the gentle rise of her puffy areoles. He could also feel Phoebe catch her breath as he traced a finger over each collarbone, along her shoulders and back around her neck. His fingertips came to rest back on the neckline of her top.

Gripping the edge, he roughly tore the fabric open, revealing her breasts nestled in their bra. Phoebe yelped with shock and shuddered with the force of his action.

With the t-shirt ripped down the front Danny gripped her wrists and leant in, now kissing and nipping her collarbone and shoulders. He tore away the last of the top, then spun her round suddenly and twisted the torn fabric into a kind of handcuffs. He grazed his chin across her shoulders, adding nips here and there, up her neck and along the edge of her ears. She gasped and shivered with pleasure. She caught a glimpse of the two of them in the mirror. She saw his shoulders, wider and higher than hers, and his shaggy hair hunched over her. She was watching this girl being overpowered and it turned her on. The whole action took only a few seconds.

Hurriedly, brusquely he marched her in her "handcuffs" to her room. One hand held her wrists behind her, the other arm was around her shoulders and virtually dragging her along.

Phoebe's room was the smallest after Danny's. it was probably a servants' bedroom originally, with room for two single beds either side of a sunny dormer window. The roofline made one of the walls tilted in. Phoebe had pinned colourful Indian scarves to the walls to give the place an exotic, tent-like feel.

Danny pushed her up to the bed. She felt the frame against her shins. She felt the twisted fabric digging into her wrists. She felt her own aroused breathing, and heard Danny's panting in her ear. He was holding her wrists with one hand and undoing her shorts with the other.

Buttons and zip open, he yanked the pants down. She staggered with the force of his tugging. He pushed her down across the bed, managing somehow to pull off her shoes and force her pants over her feet. Then he picked her up by the hips and lifted her bodily onto the bed, on her knees and pushed forward.

Phoebe's head was spinning with sensations. Danny had taken her at her word and seemed about to devour her. The thought excited her beyond measure. her heart raced, her breathing was unsteady. he was dominating her. He was pushing, pulling, twisting, tearing... with a thrill she wondered if he would lose control. As her face fell on the bed she glimpsed him behind her, naked now (how?), broad-shouldered and aroused, his cock heavy. He climbed up onto the bed behind her.

Then he stretched over her and gently kissed her neck. He softly kissed one ear and brushed her cheek. It was a signal to her as clear as speaking. We're playing a game. You're safe. Paradoxically, she felt even more aroused. And relieved: in her confused state she dimly recalled an idea about a safety word, realising they hadn't set one up.

Danny was revelling in the fun. The physical exertion was pretty mild for him, Phoebe being so light and compliant, but he was noticing how much he enjoyed arousing her. Her breathing, her startled noises, her willingness all indicated her level of excitement. Now, close behind her, he was clearly picking up the scent of her.

He admired the sight as well, of her taut bottom, still in white panties. Her lush growth of hair peeked out either side of the gusset and graced the top of her thighs. He brushed his nose up and down the fabric and Phoebe moaned. Her smell filled his nostrils. He could feel warmth and dampness in the cloth.

He nuzzled in, at the same time running his free hand over her buttocks, over the fabric then under, spreading the firm cheeks and scratching over her hole. She squirmed with delight. Still holding her bound hands at her back, he brought them up to her bottom. He pushed one of her fingers against her hole. She gasped again. He pulled her panties down just over the curve of her cheeks. Now the fingers were made to explore the wrinkled anus with its ring of hairs. The hole flexed with pleasure as her own fingers traced it. It flexed again under Danny's tongue as he licked and thrust his way around.

He felt the ring starting to relax under his tongue's insistence, then give way slightly to him. He introduced a finger under his tongue. With saliva and pressure, he made his way inside her. She gave a high-pitched cry as she surrendered her anus to him. He felt the soft inner flesh inside. The smell of her pussy was stronger now.

With more spit he worked his finger further in. Inside the hard outer ring it was soft and wet. Phoebe wriggled as he explored her, but she was held down by his hand pressed on her back. She made little noises.

Danny felt an urge to see her hairy pink cunt, the source of her perfume. He suddenly gripped the panties and tore them down the middle. He snapped the waistband and each hem and she shrieked with each little sting of broken elastic. Now he could admire her bush and spread her lips to reveal the shiny pink interior, contrasting with her dark hairs. With her outer lips spread he watched fascinated as her wet inner folds opened and closed with desire. Her glistening fluids were everywhere.

Roughly he grabbed her buttocks and spread them, then with the gentlest of touches he licked one flap, then the other, or over her urethra to her clit. She almost sobbed in anticipation as he gripped then caressed her.

The roughness mixed with the gentleness was sending Phoebe wild. She found herself recoiling then grinding against him. Pushed against the bed, she bit her lip and rubbed her face on the sheet.

"Fuck, so good. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck me, Danny, FUCK ME!"

"I'll fuck you all right. I'll fuck your sweet wet hole till its red. I'll fuck your hairy cunt and come on those thick dark sexy hairs of yours. Maybe I'll come in this tight hairy arsehole. My cock will push into you and come inside you. Would you like that?"

"Yes! No! I don't know! Just fuck me!" Again the fear-tinged lust excited her.

Danny's words were just fantasy, but they were having the right effect. Phoebe's smell was even stronger now, she was wiggling her bottom erratically and tried to push against him. With her hands still bound behind her back she could do very little.

Danny ran his nails down the backs of her thighs, one, then the other then between the two. He gouged just enough to leave a red mark on the pale skin. Again Phoebe moaned for him to take her, but instead he paused, then bit her toes, clamping her ankle and rubbing his chin against the tender sole of her foot.

Nearly sobbing, she twitched and collapsed onto the bed. The sensation of the sheet on her thighs and pubes mixed with the sensation of his chin and lips and teeth as he nipped and scratched at random. He even went for her wrists, still bound and held behind her back. She writhed with pleasure across the bed. 

Danny had turned around by now and was kneeling near her head. He rolled her over and pinned down each shoulder. Kneeling either side of her head, his heavy cock swung just above her face. Her vision was filled with the sight of his hairy balls and bobbing shaft. Now it was prodding and poking her. She felt its soft head against her skin, with the hard shaft pushing behind it. Almost as a reflex she tilted her chin up and sucked it in. 

It was enormous. It felt huge in her mouth, seeming to stretch her lips as it rubbed on her tongue. Luckily Danny had paused, or she would have gagged. She explored it with her tongue and lips, feeling the softness and the hardness. The excitement mounted in her: she was bound from behind, on her back, a cock in her mouth... so far from any experience she'd ever had before, she couldn't really comprehend how she'd got here. But she was thrilling inside, looking up at Danny's powerful legs, the hairs on his balls tickling her nose. She sucked and slurped.

"AAAHHH!" A cry escaped her again. Danny had secretly leant over and had lightly nipped each nipple riding proud on her heaving chest. He dragged all his nails down over her ribs, across her hips and into her bush. She wailed as she curled up her hips and spread her legs wide to receive him. Now he fell on her and attacked her precious centre, nipping, kissing, biting, sucking into her gaping pussy, over her clit, stretching and scratching her anus. She jerked and twisted with the jolts of pleasure. Her juices leaked everywhere.

Then it happened suddenly. He had spun round again so fast she couldn't keep up. He was between the wide-open legs. He was entering her before she realised, guiding his wet cock through her lips into her vagina. She cried out again, curving her back up and somehow releasing her hands. As he thrust deep inside her she clutched his sides and locked her legs around his torso. He was in, pushing against her pubic bone repeatedly. Her legs could feel his buttocks working furiously. Her fingers felt his back muscles hard at work. He drove into her like a man possessed.

Just as suddenly she felt her climax building. The teasing, the terror and pleasure, the delicate attention and now Danny's pumping into her, everything had been building it up. She had difficulty breathing, her whole body was being jolted by Danny's thrusts, she felt hot waves breaking over her, until...

"Oh, oh God, oh fuck oh Danny, ohhhh-" Her voice rose up to a scream as she pushed her head back into the bed and ground from side to side. Her legs were clamped onto Danny's body. He eased his pace slightly. Her world tilted and swayed; light and dark rolled over her.

Phoebe opened her eyes. She was totally relaxed. It felt like floating, but not quite. Something else, certainly more than the warmth of an orgasm as she was used to. She found her hands in her hair, swirled around her head. Her legs lay wide apart, and there was a gentle sliding and bumping happening. Danny's cock was still in her.

He was making love to her. With care. She looked up and gave him a sleepy smile.

"Ohh. Oh, thank you. I feel, in heaven I think. It's, wonderful." The words seemed to come out slowly to Phoebe.

"You were pretty wonderful yourself! I've had the best fun with you."

"You still are! And thank you for being gentle now. It's... right."

Danny looked down on the slim beauty below him. As he pressed in, he could feel a warmth inside her generous bush. At the end of his stroke he watched the slight ripple in her tummy move up to her flattened breasts. Phoebe's hands, now round his neck, gave him tingles that raced down his back.

"Mmmm," Phoebe wondered, "I don't know whether to let you finish inside me. Or... should I finish sucking you off? Or in my bottom, like you threatened? Oh! That made a difference!"

"A difference?"

Danny had got a little faster. "You like me talking the kinky stuff!" Phoebe teased. "Come in me now. I promise I'll suck the come out if you one day, and maybe you can have my arse some day, but come now lover."

Danny was getting excited by Phoebe's talk and was up to his earlier speed. He was mindful she might be a bit tender from earlier reaming into her, but he dearly wanted to come in that fine, wet cunt. "Stroke my bum," he whispered.

She ran her hands over the firm round flesh, covered in soft hair. In the crack between was a trace of sweat, which she smeared up, then down to his anus. She scratched the wrinkled skin of his ring and he grunted with pleasure.

It was enough. With his cock sliding in the soaking wet channel of her cunt, and her nails exploring his own hole, he felt the surge building up. A few strokes and he buried his pole deep inside her. A warm rush of semen flooded out into the wet depths of her. He let out a long, contented sigh.

-----

What time was it? Late afternoon? Early evening? They seemed to wake up together. Indistinct noises came out of the kitchen below. Where Danny was lying on Phoebe's leg, they had stuck together.

"I thought that's where you were!" Mel was right on the case as soon as they stumbled into the kitchen. "Look at the two of them! Can't walk in a straight line! We want times, positions, entry points, the works!" 

Phoebe smiled mischievously and gave the slightest shake of her head. 

"Huh. Well, we know how discreet Mr Danny is, so we won't get much gossip there. But you watch out boy, if I get the idea she's a better fuck than me, you might've had your last blow-job!"

Danny looked across at Phoebe. To Mel's surprise, they both burst out laughing.