 Here is Part 6 of the series. The first Four Plus One', is in the First Time category: start there or just dip in and start where you like. A vote or comment is always welcome!

*****

"Mmm... yeah, who's that?."

"Hi Lanny. Do you mind if I come in? I know it's late, but I saw your light on and heard the music, But I don't want to disturb you..."

"Hi Andie, no, you weren't disturbing me. Come in and close the door. Keep the cold out."

Andrea came in to Atlantia's room. Soft, mellow music was playing. She breathed in the warmth and the closeness of the room and it disconcerted her slightly. Her head was clear before she came in, but now, the sight of her, the fact of her lying in her bed, where they had enjoyed each other's bodies and tastes recently; a fog of confusion was rising.

"Lanny, can I ask you something? Tell you something?"

Atlantia smiled warmly. "You don't have to say anything, Andie."

"I, I just wanted to say how good that was that afternoon with you. I really only wanted to make you feel better, and you were so down - and I really am a masseuse. But I loved playing with you. And I want to keep it that way because you're such a special friend, really special. I don't know..." She could feel herself babbling but didn't know how to stop. Absurdly, she felt tears coming. She thought she could hear it in her voice.

Atlantia could hear it. "Andie love, there's really no need. And besides, I've got –"

"But that's it! I love you, I want to be part of this crazy household, but I don't want to spoil it for you." Tears pricked her eyes like a schoolgirl.

"Andie, you're not spoiling anything. But you should know -"

Andrea choked. "I don't know what I should know!"

Then Danny sat up. He looked groggy, but he spoke softly and clearly.

"You should know I'm here! Hello Andrea. Atlantia nearly managed to tell you, but not quite.

Can I make an observation, you're overthinking this. We know you care, and you know we care. We all put into this crazy house, because we all care. It seems to be working, because we all care. You care. We care. Now, why don't you come in with us. You can have one half of this beautiful lady and I'll have the other."

Atlantia snorted. "Isn't that rich! You come into my bed, mumble something like 'God work was hard', then you just fall asleep! Now you've woken up and you're inviting your friends in! You're just lucky she was my friend first! Come in, Andie." She pulled open the cover and smoothed the sheet.

Andrea looked down at her two friends inviting her in. I'm gay, she thought. Here's one of my best friends, and a man I've hardly known, in bed together. It's just mad, but somehow it feels right to join them. She felt a huge, straining, over-wound cord loosen inside her. As it loosened it eased her breathing. It untied itself and released a warmth through her. Thank you God, she found herself whispering.

There was a lot of nudging and shuffling. Finally, everyone was arranged. Atlantia lay on her back, with one each side, on their side looking at her. Atlantia smiled broadly to herself.

"I was hoping to go to sleep early tonight. But something tells me that might be later." She got a murmur from both sides.

But then, a pause.

Atlantia could hear Andrea's whispering. The tiny, repeated prayer prompted her to speak.

"You can thank God from me too. I'm wondering if He's the one guiding us!"

"That's quite a radical thought." There was a deep mumble from the other side of the bed. "I'm not sure if the early church had this in mind, though."

"If I have faith, so as to remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing." Andrea had first read this many years ago, She saw herself, all too clearly. "I care, I try to be generous, I CAN love, but I feel... nothing." Atlantia had given her a hint on how to move forward from this confusing place, with her unusual view on masturbation; suddenly now the lines made much more sense.

"That's very deep. I like it." She could hear the respect in Danny's tone. "And Paul also said, 'I am convinced, my dear brothers and sisters, that you are full of goodness'. I think it was him."

Andrea continued. "I can't work Paul out sometimes. On a good day he's humble and generous, and so hopeful. Next morning he's a grumpy, sanctimonious windbag."

"I know what you're saying. He's a classic new convert, I reckon. And he could probably talk the leg off a chair, that's why we have so many of his letters. I prefer Peter. But my favourite has to be Luke. Lux. Light."

Atlantia dimly recognised bits of the Bible in their conversation. She felt a cascade of joy run through her. Here are my friends, my lovers, discussing goodness and the Bible, in my bed. It's just wonderful. Is this love? It is love. Of the two of thèm? Yes. I love them and care about the two of them - the five of us. I get pleasure from their pleasure, I get excitement. God, how lucky am I. Thank you again. She almost laughed aloud. She wanted to squeeze both of them.

She could feel the urge to let this strange conversation continue. Part of her mind was relishing the idea of sharing great thoughts with them, including her new insight. Another part said, have you any idea how late it is? Sadly, that side won. She put a hand on a hip either side of her.

"I want this chat to go on and on. But I need to get up in the morning and maybe you two need to as well."

They both apologised and settled back. Atlantia felt a tiny twinge of disappointment: another part of her mind was thinking, two lovers, so... twice the fun?

Another pause. Atlantia realised she was idly brushing their hips under her hands. It stirred something in her. And in them. 

Coincidentally Andrea and Danny both started on Atlantia in the same way, by kissing her shoulder and stroking it. Atlantia compared the firm hands working on her shoulder muscles, working up to her neck, occasionally brushing each other. It was the oddest sensation to receive two massages at once; Andrea's brisk and thorough, Danny's just as firm, but more lingering. Andrea methodically worked her way down her arm, leaving it warm and rested. Danny had gone to her hand, squeezing it and stroking it, giving her tingles up to her shoulder. She gave a kind of drowsy wriggle to show her appreciation. 

Andrea moved back up her arm and was working across Atlantia's shoulders. Atlantia half-turned to let her reach across. She found herself looking into Danny's eyes. He was moving his hand up her torso as she rolled over, so that one breast rolled itself into his hand. They both smiled at the action as he brushed lightly over the nipple. She stretched slightly and kissed the tip of his nose. She felt the surge of joy again and kissed his lips, slowly. She recalled their kiss downstairs in the old hotel, the realisation she had wanted to kiss him for a long time. And it had been worth the wait. She whispered into his lips.

"I love you so much." Danny opened his eyes and she saw in them the connection they had. Again she nearly laughed aloud. 

She had to share this. Abruptly she turned around and hugged the startled Andrea. She kissed her warmly on the lips. She whispered, "I love you. I love you both." Andrea was somewhat confused by this attention, but accepted it as part of the crazy night. As they kissed she stroked Atlantia's thighs and sides. She wriggled with pleasure.

Now Danny was looking at Atlantia's shoulders. He ran his hands over her bottom and up her back. His fingertips found a mole in the small of her back. It had the faintest extra hair on it, invisible to the eye but sensitive fingers could discern it. A lovers' secret. He felt his own surge of warmth for this thoughtful, lively, erotic woman in his arms.

For some reason he found himself thinking of other lovers and their secrets. 

A lesbian he had met, who took him to her bed for a weekend. "If you ask me, I'll leave my partner and come with you." She whispered into his back one night. But he was restless, and didn't like the idea of being a home-wrecker.

A girl at a party, playing the slut. It disturbed him, so in a quiet corner he said to her simply, "You don't have to do this, you know." "But yes I do!" She said bitterly. "Look at my size!" She was overweight. "And there's other things." He tried to show her her worth, and get her to expect some respect. She suddenly brought him to a bedroom and seduced him. But she wouldn't let him kiss her pussy. Her pale skin had a darker pigment in her pussy lips and between her legs, and she was ashamed. Of your natural colour, he asked? They had a long night together.

But he'd never forgotten that girl in primary school. Queen of the monkey bars. She would look at him thoughtfully, when most of the kids just didn't get him. He had liked her thick dark hair, that was straight in contrast to his thick curls. As his face grew into weathered adulthood he used to wonder if she'd kept her heart-shaped face and pointy chin (she had). She'd kept her liveliness too. She'd gained some graceful curves as well, he thought as he ran over her hips. 

"Is this what I'm meant to be doing? Should I be here?" he asked God. 

The still, small voice had spoken to him in the past. It had led him back to the old school, not so long ago. A bunch of squealing adult girls had been there. But who had been in the middle of them? That one, that special one. He knew her, even from a distance. As he recalled the scene he realised the voice had been there. He strained to remember. What had it said??

Then he heard it now, in the bed.

"Here it is."

That was all. He could sense immediately that God was leaving the interpretation to him. Well, thank you for that. I've got it right - some if the time anyway, he laughed to himself.

On her side, Atlantia had lifted up one knee. Danny's hand went up with it, so he let it slide down and around towards her pussy. As his fingers sensed the hairs thickening, he also sensed another movement. Her pussy lips were being massaged by Andrea, gently pushed and pulled. He did a little dance around, over her mound and up her front, over one breast (lingering over her hardened nipple) then round to her shoulders again. He rubbed the muscles there and Atlantia sighed with pleasure.

Atlantia was feeling faintly dizzy with pleasure. Andie was rolling and tweaking one nipple while slowly scratching down her front. As the single finger went into Atlantia's bush, she rolled her hips up to meet it. She gasped. Andie slipped one finger, then two down between her now-swollen pussy lips. She spread them, then released them, sliding in the fluids Atlantia was creating. She stroked across her clit, she burrowed down to her vagina. Atlantia writhed with pleasure, dimly aware of Danny's light fingers over her ribs and across her bottom. Her breaths came faster. Without her control, her upper knee lifted itself, giving Andie as much of her as she wanted. She could smell her arousal, could feel her skin heat up.

She could feel Andie's thumb over her clit while a finger rubbed around her vagina, slipping in and out. Then two fingers were there, then three. Hot tingles spread from her centre to her fingertips and toes. Now Danny was rubbing her shoulders and giving little nips to her neck and ears. She didnt know whether to growl or moan or whimper as the sensations swept over her.

There was a rumbling voice at her ear. "I'm loving what I'm doing to you, but I almost want to stop and watch you two ladies!"

"Don't stop!" she begged."I'm feeling so sexy, I need you both! In fact... you could come in too..."

"I'm not sure what you mean? Inside you?"

"Take me, behind." Atlantia surprised herself saying it, and saying it in such a coy way.

Danny was startled - and totally unconvinced. "Take you... behind, as in," He stroked her firm buttocks. "Are you serious?

Atlantia paused. "Yeah. Yes. I want to try everything. I want to feel everything. I wanted to give Andie something special after she missed out at the hotel. It seems crazy But I want her to be here For my first time. That is if Andrea wants it."

Now Andrea paused. At one level it seemed absolutely crazy to offer this, or to want to take up the offer. But... it's all pretty crazy right now. Her disappointment at the hotel was a distant memory after all the other happenings, but she could understand Lanny wanting to give her... something. She kissed her shoulder to show her acceptance.

Danny spoke up."I want you to get the most pleasure you can. I want to be giving it to you. But are you sure about this?"

"I don't know! I feel sexy and crazy and ready to try anything. Look how im raving now! You make me feel so good - I want you to keep doing that. And I want to see what else I can feel." She rushed her words, partly to stop the uncertainty in herself.

Danny had promised to say yes on the first night in the house. He was quietly stroking Atlantia while they talked, running his hand up and down her thigh, sometimes on top and into her bush, sometimes underneath and around her slim buttock. She responded with little wriggles, but still he was uncertain.

"I think I can do what you want, Atlantia, but-"

"Oh Danny, just fuck me before I change my mind!"

"My dear love, you, can always change your mind."

Atlantia felt another warm surge in her. "Oh Danny, you are such a good man!"

"My dear lady, I'm your only man!" he said with a smile and a kiss. She twisted round to him and poked out her tongue.

Danny lightly stroked each buttock and ran his fingernail in the channel between, up to the hollow at her back then down again. He grazed the rougher, puckered skin of her anus. Atlantia responded to each touch.

While he kissed her shoulder he ran his finger round her ring. She stroked and stretched her cheeks apart as he started to push in. He put some spit on his finger and pressed. She suddenly grabbed his hand and forced it, at the same time relaxing her anus and he was inside her.

He could feel her outer ring clench and release as he probed inside. When he had the rhythm he moved in time with her, extending his way in. Atlantia gasped. Danny and Andrea both paused.

"Is that all right?" Danny whispered.

"Yes. Yes, I want to keep going. I need to get a bit used to it. But you mustn't stop. Andie, keep going! Spread my juices. Danny, give it to me, please!"

"This might help." Andrea had found a bottle of moisturiser. "Luckily you only buy the simple sorbelene kind. Danny, put some of this on."

Danny introduced his now shiny wet cock to Atlantia's anus. With one hand she touched the shaft as he pushed slowly in. She felt resistance, the relaxing, then a sense of being opened. His cockhead was the perfect shape, nearly easier to take than his finger. It was good that he went so slowly, though. She fingered the shaft buried in her flesh, her stretched skin, Andie's fingers running over her pussy lips. She kissed her.

"I want you inside me too." She whispered to her, then turned to Danny. "Gently. Start moving."

Danny eased out and eased in. Atlantia felt odd twinges, some pleasurable, some, she couldn't describe. A bit like when Danny first entered her vagina. She focused on Andrea's fingers slipping back in, under her own hand and through her wet folds. She shifted over slightly and put one foot up on Danny's thrusting hip. Danny was moving slightly faster as her hole relaxed. Her free hand was in Andrea's hair and she clutched it.

"God, I can feel him!" There was wonder in Andrea's voice. She had two fingers buried in Atlantia's cunt.

"What??"

"He's moving inside you!" Andrea's fingers could sense the pressure and rhythm of his shaft pushing into the soft flesh. She could feel Lanny's response as he probed further in.

"Let me feel that!" Inside, Atlantia's fingers felt into the familiar passage of her vagina, but immediately noticed the thrusting cock just behind. It was totally strange and arousing. It made her feel light-headed again.

"Fuck. Amazing." There was wonder in her voice too. She lay there, feeling Danny's body half underneath and Andrea's half on top. Hands over her skin. Danny's cock moving in her. She was passively receiving pleasure, but at the same time directing it with her body.

"Make me come. I need to come." She was almost urgent in her demand.

Andrea slid her hand under Atlantia's, tickling her palm as she spread her lips and found her smooth, firm clit. Rubbing it pulled a gasp out of her and a thrust of her lips. Danny responded, thrusting in harder and nipping her shoulder and neck under her thick hair.

With hands and lips roaming over her, fingers over nipples and across her face, Atlantia quickly felt her body rising. She lost track if who was doing what, in a hot, spinning whirl, anchored only by her fingers in her cunt, marvelling at the intrusive cock reaming into her, and the handful of Andie's scented hair she kept in her other hand. The heat in her rose. Every sensation worked together to send her off

Then it was there. Hot waves rolled over her. She couldn't breathe. She felt her buttocks clamping on Danny's cock. She bent over and buried her face in Andie's warm breasts. Danny paused, himself marvelling at the tightness of her hole and sensing ripples inside her. Andrea slowed her rubbing on her clit, beautifully aware of the wave of sensation in her.

Everyone stopped, listening to each others breathing and the radio stil quietly playing. 

Atlantia felt hot and damp and hyper-sensitive all over. Her fingers, now out if her vagina, felt Danny's cock still buried in her. But her body was finished with him.

He knew it, slowly pulling himself out of her. Her fingers caressed the warm rod as it withdrew.

She whispered to him."Thank you. So good. But now, thank you. Do you need to come?"

"Mmm. I don't 'need' to come..."

"Really?"

"Really. Any guy who says they do 'need to' is kidding you."

"But you 'want' to come!"

"I admit, that would be nice!"

Atlantia reached back and found the now-familiar soft skin on the hard flesh. Stroking it brought back tingling memories of it working inside her, in both holes. She twisted over to kiss him.

"You are such a good man! And yes I know you're my only man!

Andie watched her best friend stroking and sliding her new friend's cock. She watched the dark hairs pulled up the shaft, or his balls lifted and fondled. She listened to his heavy breathing. She marvelled herself.

"This isn't gay or straight. This is love. Weird, wild, sexy love. It's good. It's really good, but can I, can we, keep it up?"

Danny was tensing his torso now. Atlantia was watching as well, her fingers squeezing and stretching. Danny thrust up, held, gasped and his come appeared, a white drop then a spurt in the air. Atlantia rubbed over the head and he twitched and sighed. Come leaked out between her fingers and ran into his curls. Andrea smiled.

It was confusing. It was not real in a sense. But these were real feelings, real friends, who cared about her and she cared about them.

"God," she thought, "I don't know what's going on. But I'll try and trust. But I do know, this is good. I'm grateful."