 Welcome to Part 8 of my series, 'Four Plus One' (sorry for the delay, technical stuff). The first chapter, Monkey Bars, is in the First Time category: it will make more sense if you start there. Or just jump in where you want! Please vote or comment if you like it.

*****

Andrea hesitated. Her fist was raised to strike the door, but had stopped at the top of the swing. She frowned.

She half-turned away, then resolutely swung back, forced her hand up and knocked before she had a chance to falter. A voice answered.

"Mmhmm?" An inviting response, not at all threatening, yet Andrea shuddered before she entered Danny's room.

Danny lived in the "fifth bedroom"; in reality it was a glassed-in veranda. Upstairs, a wide corridor ran from the rear stairs straight back to the front wall of the house. Originally you would have stepped out the french doors onto a veranda that ran the width of the building. Now louvred windows blocked the view and made it into a draughty long room with warped floorboards. Danny had fixed perspex sheets over most of them, put up blankets to help hold the warmth and made quite a cozy space for himself. It felt a little like camping in your own back yard, like it did as a child. The girls thought it exotic and strange, a place outside normal barriers. But the whole house was "outside normal barriers."

Andrea gazed around her. A bed, with Danny in it. An old wardrobe. A chest of drawers with a wallet, keys and a few bits on it. A chair with the famous leather jacket over the back. A simple, tidy room, not what she was expecting for a "boy's place." But then, she wondered, what is a "boy's place" anyway?

"I need to explain something to you." The words wouldn't come out of her willingly. Why was this the difficult, She thought angrily. I wasn't deceitful. I was clear from the start. I just thought it wouldn't work, At least not how everyone else was imagining it.

Danny composed himself. "You know my secret is I'm good at listening!"

Andrea smiled to hear her own words being quoted, then realised he'd done his trick of putting you at ease. If anyone could make this mad household work, it would be Danny. She sat on the bed.

"You could tell how tense I was, and you've made me relax! How do you do it? How can you be so, so decent? This whole Love Shack we've set up. I was dubious, Phoebe was naïve, but you... you just keep giving. You found the house, you did most of the clearing, you put so much in; I'm worried. There's a danger you'll just think you're being used. What do we offer in return? I feel so uncertain about all of this."

Danny smiled. "We're all in a relationship. We offer ourselves, as best we can. If we try, then at least we know we tried. That's certain. I see how you all look after each other. I hope you see that I want to look after us all as well. I've had enough uncertainty - and danger - in my life up to now. This may be uncertain but there's not much danger! 

He paused. "Y'know, I've had some pretty black times over the years, and the memory, of a dark-haired girl who loved God and who showed me He's watching and caring... I owe her more than I can repay." 

He was quite solemn by the end. Andrea took his hand as a glistening tear rolled out of the corner of his eye and down across his temple. He gripped her hand. He went on.

"I'm meant to be here, I'm sure. God told me to come and find you. He told me something else, I think it was to stay and set this up. I haven't yet discerned it exactly." Andrea smiled at his unusual choice of words.

He sniffed loudly in the quiet room. "Danger! Is a scratch the worst you can do?"

That brought his injury to Andrea's mind and a professional interest came up. "How is it? Not getting infected I hope."

Danny peeled back his t-shirt to let her see the red line across the top of his chest. It was long, but healing well. She touched it lightly, running her hand from the graze down his chest, through light curls to his nipples. Pausing there, she felt his breathing intensify slightly. She brushed further down, over firm muscles to his track-suit pants. She came back up and sculpted his chest muscles with her hands, smoothing her palms over the now-hardened nipples. Over his shoulder muscles and down his torso again. As a masseuse she knew how to manipulate Danny's muscles to give him satisfaction, but she found herself enjoying it too. She reached his track pants.

She flashed a look at his face. Danny was smiling his crooked smile. He raised his eyebrows a fraction, and she smiled back. On impulse she brushed under the waistband and followed the warm skin into his denser pubic hairs.

It was as warm as if she'd put her hand in her own pants. but different; only partly familiar. There was the base of a shaft there, curved over by the clothing. She could just feel down beside it, warm loose wrinkles of fine skin. Danny opened his legs slightly to allow her in further. She got a sense of strong thighs, again like her own but different, more wiry, less giving. She hefted his balls in their soft sheath, then brought her hand back out.

He raised his hips off the bed and slid the track pants down. His cock sprang out and slapped Andrea on the hand and she laughed. She took it and waved it around gently.

"My private audience! You're not trying to convert me back to boys, are you?" She slowly pulled the foreskin down the shaft and inspected the veins standing out.

"I'm happy to take my pleasures from you any way I can. Whatever you do is enchanting."

"'Enchanting' eh? You seem easily enchanted! Ah well, it could be worse. Mel says you have the best tasting come she's tried!" She pulled the skin up over the head and watched his cock twitch. "I guess it's easier for you to get your pleasures. A few good tugs and the job's done. Girls are much more complicated."

"Who was it who said, 'women need a reason for having sex - men just need a place'? Yeah, you can stroke that till you get a result, but men are actually much more complicated than that. So much of our culture sells them short, and then too many of them don't think about it enough. It's a pity. And too many women buy into it as well. They lower their own expectations. But I like what your doing. Try this. Stroke me on the parts where you liked to be touched. See if I react."

Andrea considered. 

She ran her fingers lightly up Danny's side, over his ribs and up into his armpit.

"Wow. I felt that, and I saw your cock. And you stretched out a bit. You moved. Did you like that!?"

"Oh yes. Try some more."

She stroked his ear. She ran her fingers over his stubbled neck. She pressed into the firm flesh of his thighs and ran her hands down in between them. Danny flexed with pleasure in response. He would give her a murmur or a movement from his cock. Andrea smiled.

"I see what you mean. I can see you're loving this. You're quite a sensuous creature aren't you. Roll over."

"Now you're talking," said Danny as he rolled away from her.

Andrea stroked and pressed and kneaded his shoulders and the fan of muscle between. She could feel the muscles release as she massaged them into relaxation. Danny gave approving grunts. She worked her way down his back and kneaded his downy buttocks and hams. The bigger muscles required more effort, but her training in massage meant she was expecting this. Danny turned his face to her as she worked and she noticed his broad, dreamy smile. Andrea smiled to herself. As sensuous as a woman, she thought, then mildly scolded herself for such a judgemental comment. She was feeling a kind of arousal with all the pleasure she was giving him. She rolled him back and worked on the tops of his thighs, stroking firmly up and down. The cock was not as hard but still measured its length up his torso.

After the arms she finished the massage with some gentle lines along his jaw, over his temples and into the fine muscles of his forehead and scalp. Danny lay there, a study in relaxation and peace. Andrea felt pleased to give him this result, but something more was happening to her... arousal?

She had been puzzled at where the whole thing was going. She knew she was a lesbian, she had no problem with men on the whole (just a few individual exceptions); but she was feeling a warmth growing inside her. This felt good, just the two of them. She wanted more of something. Danny had been a perfect gentleman and client; it was coming from her.

He sensed something and looked up with sleepy eyes. "Thank you. I feel great. But you, you look like you want a happy ending," he murmured, stroking a thigh kneeling beside him. The thigh responded with a wriggle and a roll of the hips.

"A what?" But she worked it out as she spoke. Where WAS this going!

"Maybe I'll give you one!" She laughed as she traced the line of hair down his torsos to the waiting shaft. She settled down on her side beside him and curled her fingers around the warm flesh. It fits into your hand really well, almost like it was meant to, she caught herself thinking.

Danny sighed as she worked the shaft up and down. It was rock-hard now, but the thin skin still moved easily over the hard core. His breathing was heavier now. His hand stole over her thigh and started to stroke her mound.

"May I?" he asked.

Andrea laughed. "May you? How proper! But, yes you may!" She hurriedly slipped off her jeans and panties, then lay down beside Danny again. Her scent now revealed how aroused she'd become. Danny noticed. He breathed in the aroma.

"Hope this feels as good as you're suggesting," he said with a smile.

He couldn't get much access with Andrea on her side, so he reached down to her knee and gently pulled it up. She tipped forward slightly to make a kind of tent of her hips and thigh. Danny slid his hand inside.

He could measure his success by the attention on his cock. As his fingers rustled through Andrea's hairs and worked between the outer lips, he felt her hand clutching and stretching around his shaft. He smiled again as he explored her inner folds, slick and slippery with her generous juices. It was her turn to murmur approval.

Andrea was startled by his gentle touch. She gasped as his fingers caressed her smooth thighs, or crept inside the wet folds of her sex. As sensuous as a- no I shouldn't say that, she thought to herself. He's making me feel wonderful, and that's enough. She realised she wasn't keeping up her end of the bargain, and restarted her strokes.

They lay together a while, at ease on the bed. He brushed his hand across her mound, or stroked the now thoroughly wet outer lips, himself getting distracted by her long strokes of his cock. He could sense his climax approaching, helped by the wonderful feel of her aroused pussy. She was enjoying seeing and feeling his pleasure mounting, and revelling in the sensation of his roving fingers. Unconsciously she kissed the shoulder against her lips.

Danny's breathing was ragged now. His hand had stopped roving and he held her inner thigh as his own thighs rose and fell. His head was back, the lines of his neck were taut. Andrea sped up.

"Ha-" Danny breathed in as his body went rigid. Andrea felt his balls rise and a ripple in the shaft she was holding. His come shot out, a white spurt arcing up and onto his torso. She stroked a few more times and got another, smaller burst. Danny let out a long heaving breath, almost growling as he did so. Andrea felt the shaft soften into its sticky wetness. The smell of his come mixed with her scent.

A while longer. "Wow. Thank you." Danny's breathing was settling back at last. He gazed over at Andrea, who had been playing with the head of his cock. The softness and roundness gave her an idea.

She manoeuvred herself - and him - over so she could bring it between her legs. She tried rubbing it up her cleft between her lips. It felt fantastic, like a warm soft slippery toy. Danny was bemused.

Seeing, and achieving, Danny's climax had given her a need, and now his cock was helping her. As she lay on her back with Danny half-over her, rubbing her clit more and more, Danny absently kissed her shoulder. He lifted up a breast and kissed the nipple lightly.

She rubbed his cock between her lips, then round and over her clit. She rustled it through her curly hairs. The unusual sensation was intoxicating, moving her towards her own climax. Her fluids ran plentifully over her fingers, almost rinsing Danny's member. She spread her legs wide and rolled her hips with lust.

She could play with his cock like a toy, guiding it where she wanted. Stretching open her pussy, she stroked the lips on one side then the other. She slapped it against the wet folds of skin. She rolled it across the rod of her clit and felt her hips jump with pleasure.

The soft head hard against the exposed tip of her clit was almost too much to bear. She felt her climax building up and up. She stretched open the hole in the top and tried to push it over her clit. Danny moaned with pleasure in her ear.

"AaaaAAAAAHHH!" Andrea's voice rose impossibly high as she came. She cupped her hand at her vagina and felt the flow of her juices (a favourite pastime if she wasn't feeling embarrassed by the quantity of it). Danny's cock was lost in the wet, thrusting tremors of her legs and cunt.

She lay, warm and content in the man-smelling bed. Danny kissed her shoulder again, gently and lovingly. He had got off her but she could feel his cock, sticky on her thigh. She idly thought about the fact she didn't have contraception. Why would she, if she had no plans at all to fuck him? Oh well, maybe my come's washed out his come...

"I'm the nurse, who's meant to be responsible and prepared. And a lesbian." She started to giggle, getting a surprised look from Danny. The thought wouldn't leave her now.

"It'll be funny if it's the gay one that gets pregnant."