 The following is fictional. Names, and locations have been made up and are not meant to depict real people, living or deceased. These stories also depict dangerous, unprotected sexual encounters. In this day and age of killer STDs, please be careful and wear protection! Only YOU can keep yourself healthy.

This is an adults only story. If you are underage in the community you live in, please do not go any further. Thank you and happy reading!

*****

Tales From the Four Sisters Saloon - Chapter 13 - High Seas Adventure.

Hello everyone and greetings from the Four Sisters Saloon!

Holy Crap! Has it really been 7 years since I last wrote you? 

It's been one hell of journey since I last spoke with you. The saloon suffered a major fire about five years ago. The local fire brigade did their best to limit the damage. I've never seen so many people cry at a fire! Luckily, no one was hurt and we were able to rebuild on the same spot we were before. The cause of the fire wound up being an electrical short in the office. The sisters and I couldn't believe the number of people who were willing to help out in our time of need. 

George and Amy came in from off the road, the town council gave us permission to erect a large, semi-permanent tent in the parking lot so we could stay open while the place was repaired, and plenty of ordinary folks stopped by to help rebuild. Naturally, it took some time to get the place rebuilt but I'm happy to say we're back in business, and business is very good!

One of the most helpful people was Dave. You remember Dave, don't you? He's the one that hosted the Biker Bash? Well, during the most hectic times during the rebuild, when we needed to get away for some R&R, Dave let us use his lake house up at Rocktiller Lake. He also gave us free use of his boat as well, in case we wanted to water ski or just hang out on the lake. 

His generosity was greatly appreciated by Carla, Cindy, Fran, Amy, George and myself as we definitely used his lake house and boat to relieve the stresses of the fire and rebuild of the Four Sisters Saloon. The girls gave him their personal thanks one weekend. In fact, let me tell you what went down, besides the girls that is. 

It had been about 3 weeks after the fire. The ladies, George and I had been working non-stop salvaging as much as we could after the fire inspectors and the insurance people were done investigating. We were also working hard on hiring a contractor to get rebuilt as fast as we could. It meant long days, short tempers and lots of pressure building up. Dave dropped by and after getting an earful from all of us, suggested that maybe we should spend a weekend at his lake house.

"You folks really need to get away for a bit. If you don't, you're gonna chew one another up. I certainly wouldn't want to see that happen." 

It certainly didn't take much convincing for us to take him up on his offer. We decided to all head out there to check it out. Dave had let us know that we could come and go as we pleased, but, we should be aware that some of his bike club use the house as well, so don't be surprised if there are additional guests hanging around. The girls smiled a little bit at that information. 

We picked a long holiday weekend to make the trip, figuring most of the town would be empty and work on the Four Sisters Saloon would be taking a break. We packed up and headed off to Dave's place for the weekend, making sure we brought enough supplies that we wouldn't have to leave until we were headed home.

Dave met us there and gave us the grand tour. His place is gorgeous! It's built like a log cabin but with all the modern immenities a person could want (i.e. INDOOR plumbing!) The kitchen was huge and the four bedrooms were nicely sized as well. The family/living room was a two story dream, with wide open views of the lake and the woods nearby. There was plenty of seating and a nice big screen TV to complete the setting.

After picking our rooms and upacking, the ladies, George, Dave and I took a tour of the area around the cabin. It was so damn relaxing. The wind gently moving through the trees, the fresh air, the total lack of stress, the vision of four gorgeous women in bikini tops and tight, velour shorts all made for a very relaxing atmosphere.

We checked out the dock and the boat, with Dave giving us quick lessons on how to use it. The girls convinced him to stay the weekend. He had planned on meeting us and then heading back, but the ladies were having none of it. We headed back to the house to start on dinner.

After dinner, we sat around just chatting. It brought back very pleasant memories of sitting in my inlaws' kitchen, just shooting the shit. Pretty soon though, we all headed off to bed. 

Cindy and I tore each other's clothes off as soon as we closed the bedroom door.

"My, my, seems like someone liked the way my sisters were dressed today."

"Hell with your sisters, I'm more interested in what you've got in your sexy drawers my love."

I knelt before my beautiful wife, taking in her femine scent. I kissed her belly and thighs, working my way toward her pussy. Slowly I worked on her pussy, teasing it with light kisses.

"Fuck, you're making me wet. Eat me lover, EAT ME NOW!" Cindy commanded.

I pushed her onto the bed and spread her legs wide. I furiously licked and nibbled on her clit and pussy lips. Cindy responded by bucking her hips wildly and screaming into her pillow. I lapped and licked on her clit while she trapped me between her legs. I felt her pussy gush as her orgasm overwhelmed her.

She grabbed my head and pulled me up to her tits. I suckled and tugged on her nipples, making her moan in pleasure. I positioned my cock at her pussy opening and thrust forward. I easily slid balls deep into her cunt. I began to fuck her slowly, looking into her eyes and telling her how much I loved her.

She told me she loved me too and then had a very large, very wet orgasm. My cock and balls were covered in her juices. I couldn't hold back and filled her pussy with my cum. I rolled off her and we both fell into a deep sleep, cuddled against one another. 

The following morning I awoke to an empty bed and the smell of breakfast in the air. After showering, I headed down to the breakfast table. George and Amy weren't up yet, but Cindy, Carla and Fran were busy cooking up a hearty feast. 

"Morning ladies, you're all looking sexy this morning."

There was a groan from the ladies as they protested they hadn't had the time to fix themselves up.

"I bet he's just trying to get into our panties." Fran said.

"Wait, you're wearing panties? Since when?" Carla chuckled.

Fran playfully smacked Carla on the ass and they continued to cook.

I made my way over to Cindy and gave her a kiss on the neck.

"Careful there son, we don't have time for that now." She groaned.

"There's always time for that." I quickly replied, pressing my morning hard on against her ass cheeks.

"Down boy, DOWN!" Cindy laughed, pushing me away and shooing me over to the table.

After grabbing a cup of coffee, I sat down at the table and awaited the rest of the group. After Dave, George and Amy joined us and had breakfast, it was decided that George and I would run into town and get some provisions. Dave would treat the ladies to a leisurely tour aboard his boat. It would be good if the girls had an idea on how to run it, in case Dave, George or I got too drunk to operate it. Hey, it happens!

George and I soon headed out. An hour and a half later, we returned with enough food and drinks to last the weekend. It was getting close to lunch time so George and I started on lunch. About a half hour later, I heard the boat motor and saw that the rest of the gang was back. Looking over, I noticed the Carla was driving the boat and Dave was nowhere to be seen.

"Where's the captain?" I asked Carla as she walked toward the cabin.

"Oh, he's below deck. The rest of the ladies and I kinda wore him out on the trip. We never did quite make it around the lake. In fact, as soon as we got away from the dock, Cindy and I got down and sucked on his cock while he drove. We dropped anchor in the most beautiful little cove and had our way with Dave. It's gonna take him a while to recuperate. The four of us used him up pretty well."

I smiled and patted her ass as she walked by, "Way to show the host how grateful you are!"

The other ladies soon joined us and as they walked up to the cabin, I noticed they were in different states of dress. Cindy shorts were on backwards, and Fran and Amy were missing their tops. "Have fun ladies?"

"You have NO idea!" 

"You and George might want to give Captain Dave a hand. His legs are pretty weak."

George and I headed over to the boat while the ladies took over the prep of lunch.

"What the hell happened out there Dave?" I asked as he appeared from down below.

"Oh the usual debauchery. I gotta tell you, those ladies can suck and fuck with the best of them. My balls are drained, my legs are weak, my tongue is tired and, if I hadn't convinced them to head back to shore, I might be dead. But I'll tell you something, I sure as shit would have the biggest smile on me."

We helped out intrepid captain up to the cabin and sat down to a delicious lunch. After cleaning up, the girls headed inside to freshen up. George and I helped DAve secure the boat and I headed up to our bedroom to get the low down on what happened from Cindy.

I entered the bedroom to find Cindy, fresh out of the shower, spread wide on the bed. She was slowly fingering her pussy and pinching her nipples. "I thought you'd never get here. Come, shed those clothes and fuck me senseless."

I quickly stripped down, but instead of driving my cock home, I settled down between her thighs and slowly licked her cunt. "Tell me how you and your sisters fucked our genial host to the point of exhaustion."

"Make me cum first and I'll fill you in on all the dirty details. I'm so fucking horny right now!"

I licked her slit and gave her kitty a tongue bath. She worked her clit with her fingertips and I was soon rewarded with a face full of cum. I lapped her juices up while she caught her breath and began her story.

"After you and George left, Dave and us girls headed out to sea."

"Um, it's a lake honey, not a sea."

"Do you want to hear the story or not lover?"

I went back to lazily licking her pussy while she continued.

"That's better. Didn't your mother ever tell you not to talk with your mouth full?

After leaving the dock, Carla and I thought it would be nice to blow the man down, so to speak, so we both immediately dropped to our knees, pulled Dave's shorts down and got to work. Fran and Amy were too busy watching the shorline to notice as Carla and I got Dave to full attention. We took turns swallowing his cock, as he fought to keep control of his vessel."

"Ladies, you're going to make me crash the boat if you keep that up. NOT that I'm complaining though, the feel your hot mouths on my cock and balls is delightful!" Dave moaned.

"Mmm, you say the sweetest things Dave," Carla replied. "Maybe you should find safe harbor somewhere and we can really show you our appreciation."

"Dave hit the throttle and soon we were anchored in this delightful little cove. The wind through the trees, and the hot sunshine really set the mood, as my sisters and I took off our clothes and treated Dave to a mini orgy. I was first to mount his cock. He slowly fucked me while Carla plopped down on his face and enjoyed his tongue. Fran and Amy were busy fingering themselves as they watch me and Carla fuck Dave."

"Time to switch!" Exclaimed Amy, as she and Fran took their turn on Dave. 

"Amy got down and suckled on his dick while Fran pushed her titties into his waiting mouth. Soon, the two of them were working his cock. He blew his first load of the day when Amy titty fucked him and Fran licked the head of his cock. Fran cleaned off Dave's cum from Amy's tits and the five of us sat back to relax a bit.

After resting a bit, the four of us treated Dave to a four-way blow job. We had him sit on the back bench and the four of us knelt down and serviced his cock. You should have seen the look on his face as we rapidly switched mouths on his cock and balls. He was in heaven! 

Amy was the first to break away."

"I have to have that cock in my cunt," she yelled, as she squatted over him and slowly lowered herself on his shaft.

"Carla took up a position so that she was able to lick his shaft and balls every time Amy rose up. Fran and I took turns shoving our tits in Dave's face. Amy worked herself into a frenzy, slamming herself on Dave's throbbing dick. Carla moved a safe distance away as Amy rode Dave to a screaming orgasm."

Amy fell off Dave's cock and weakly stuttered, "Ne, ne, ne, next."

"Fran took the hint and mounted Dave reverse cowgirl style. As she fucked herself on Dave, he took the opportunity to thumb fuck her ass. He pushed his thumb into my mouth and I sucked it like a cock, getting it nice and wet. He had Fran bend farther forward and slowly worked his thumb into her ass. Fran's orgasm hit overdrive. You know how much she loves anal. She let out a low, gutteral moan, that slowly worked it's way into a high pitched scream as she came. Dave was driving his cock into her cunt while working that thumb in and out of her asshole. She finally fell forward, exhausted. Dave's cock and thumb making a popping sound as they exited her pussy and ass. Fran sank to the floor and passed out. Carla and I covered her with a towel so she wouldn't get sunburned too badly."

"Who's next?!" Dave shouted.

"My turn, sexy, hot lover of ours," Carla purred, as she mounted his cock. 

"I moved over to the side and let Carla have Dave to herself. She bounced up and down on his dick, basking in the feel of his tongue on her nipples. Dave pinched and twisted her nipples, causing Carla to utter a stream on profanities that would make any sailor proud. 

While Carla was busy fucking Dave senseless, Amy and I were busy pleasuring ourselves. She was working three fingers into her cunt, while I was busy frigging my clit. I pinched and pulled on my nipples, feeling a wave of pleasure wash over me. My orgasm was strong and loud. I looked over to see Amy fist fucking herself, her eyes tightly shut and her head thrown back.I came watching her orgasm.

When I regained my senses, I looked over to see Carla draped over Dave. His eyes were closed and she was softly sobbing. I looked down at her pussy and it was dripping Dave's sperm onto the deck of the boat. Fran and Amy had regained their senses and were licking Dave's shaft and balls to get as much cum as they could. They scooped up some from the floor and rubbed it onto each other's breasts."

"Holy crap ladies! That was fucking awesome!" Dave exclaimed as he came to,"Who's up for something to drink?"

"Dave headed down to the galley and grabbed us some beers. We drank in silence, as we enjoyed the hot sun and the cool breeze rustling through the trees."

"Well, maybe we should head back," said Dave.

"Not yet captain," I replied. "I think we have it in us for one more time, don't you?"

"The rest of the girls nodded their assent and we had Dave lay down on the deck."

"Be gentle ladies, my heart's not as strong as it used to be," Dave smiled, as we each took our positions around him.

"Amy was by his head. I was by his right hand, Fran by his left, and Carla at his cock. Okay ladies, we're gonna rotate clockwise every two minutes. Ready? Set. GO!

Amy moved over Dave's face and he began to lick to his content. Whatever he was doing, Amy was enjoying it to the fullest. She ground her pussy against his lips and arched her back as she came. Fran and I were having fun as well, as Dave fingered our pussies and clits. Carla was riding Dave for all she was worth, grinding her clit against his pubes."

"SWITCH!" Cried Amy and we rotated around Dave's body. It was my turn to enjoy Dave's oral ministrations. Damn, that mother fucker can lick pussy! All too soon we switched again. This time Carla enjoyed his face, Amy his cock, Fran his right hand and me his left hand. We continued on for quite a while before Dave blew his final load of the day in Fran's sloppy cunt. The five of us collapsed about the boat deck. Dave said he was going to the galley to grab some more brews but he never returned. We found him asleep on the bed. We got dressed, sort of, as you could tell when we arrived back here, and headed home."

"WOW! That's quite the adventure you had. I bet Dave won't be able to get it up for a while."

"Don't be too sure honey, he's got your libido levels."

I climbed up the bed and put Cindy's legs over my shoulders. I drove my cock deep into her pussy. I lasted less than a minute. I pulled out and came all over Cindy's tits and face.

"Damn it Tommy! I'm gonna need another shower!"

"Fuck it, wear it with pride," I whispered as I slowly drifted off to sleep. Cindy soon followed me into dreamland.