 A good friend once told me that I was very lucky. He pointed out that I was one of only three men on a staff of fifty teachers, in an all girls private school. He also reminded me that I lived in an apartment with three of the most attractive ones. I just smiled and told him that he wouldn't believe the story I had to tell, so I wasn't going to try and explain. He insisted. 

"Perhaps I'm sensitive, intelligent and good company." I offered as a reasonable, and very concise explanation.

He laughed.

"My friend," he replied. "You may be all three of those things, but I've seen how they look at you. Now tell me the truth!"

I gave in.

It all started in July of nineteen ninety-nine, when I decided I had had enough of the school in which I had been working for three years. It was a rough, under funded inner city high school and my nerves were on the verge of giving up. One morning in the staff room I sent off my application to Ladywood Academy for Girls, a school I was totally unsuited for. It was just to pass the time, an escapist fantasy to relieve the anticipation of the coming stress. No one was more surprised than me when I received a letter inviting me to an interview.

Set in an exclusive suburb of Manchester, Ladywood was a motley collection of large Victorian houses connected by smaller modern extensions, strangely shaped schoolyards and a gymnasium. Its academic success was high and they felt it was time to expand their art department with a young dynamic teacher at the helm. I suddenly realised Mrs Parks, the headmistress, was talking about me. My Paul Smith suite and new silk tie must have impressed her, as I do not remember saying anything intelligent. That evening I drove back to Birmingham with a smile on my face.

Fiona was waiting for me at the flat with a bottle of Irish whiskey. She was my head of department at school, but we'd been seeing each other for over a year and she had a key.

"I believe you will be leaving us to go up North," she said wistfully, waving the bottle at a glass on my behalf. " I knew my days were numbered."

"We can stay in touch." I suggested. "Or move in together half way between both schools?"

"You wouldn't have suggested we move in together if it wasn't an emergency would you? Be honest!"

I shrugged and sat down. She wandered over and took a swig of the whiskey. Then she straddled my lap and kissed me. The whiskey on her warm breath was delightful, as was the feeling of her small pert breasts rubbing against my shoulders.

"We should make the best of the time we have left," she said, putting my hands on her bottom.

I pulled up her skirt expecting her panties, but all that greeted me was the bare flesh of her buttocks.

"I thought I'd be prepared," she giggled.

I squeezed the soft flesh of her bottom, allowing a finger or two to explore her delicate cleft, probing the bud of her anus and detecting the edge of her moistness. 

After a minute or two our lips parted and she stood up, unzipping my trousers and hauling out my already hardened tool. Just as deliberately, she eased herself down again, carefully swallowing me up inside her.

"Where am I going to find one as good as this?" she complained breathlessly in my ear.

September came and I found myself in a large, overpriced flat a few streets away from my new school. I couldn't afford to live there alone, but I couldn't find any suitable flatmates either. I thought I would stay there until Christmas then find somewhere smaller when I knew the area better. It later turned out I wouldn't need to.

My first few weeks were tough ones. There was lesson planning, pushing paper, learning new names, and toughest of all getting someone on the staff to smile or even talk to me unprompted. They really were a bitchy lot and I was beginning to despair that I had made a mistake. Perhaps I thought I'd swapped the happy camaraderie of a difficult school for an easy life of social misery. But I wasn't to be deterred that easily, and I made up my mind to force the most attractive woman I could find in to a conversation. It wasn't difficult finding one either. It was Fenella Greenhough I chose as my first real attempt. I'd tried several half hearted attempt s the first week but abandoned it in the face of such magnificent frostiness. Fenella was the French mistress and the pupils called her Madame Greenhough, even though I knew she wasn't married from a sneaky look I took at the records in the office. She was a magnificent site. Tall and slim with olive skin, she moved very gracefully along the corridors, her sharp cut black bobbed hair gently swaying about her face. She was, as you would expect, very chic, and her heels were impossibly high, her toes unreasonably pointed and her patent leather Louis Vuitton handbag shone like a mirror. All this aside I just felt she had a way about her, a certain sexual malice. She was a woman who would literally love you (or fuck you) to death. I was convinced of that.

"Excuse me Madam Greenhough, " I said one day in the empty corridor of the art block. "Can I ask you a question?"

"If you must, but I'm busy?"

"Why is everyone being so fucking horrible to me?"

It was loaded question and it stopped her in her tracks. Her big dark eyes just stared at me and her crimson plum of a mouth pursed tightly.

"In here," she ordered pointing at the door to a broom cupboard. "I refuse to say this on the corridor."

Without further ado we ducked in through the door.

"You're a man. The Headmistress obviously wants you for the deputy's post when it becomes available. Those other bitches in the staff room want it. Satisfied?"

"And you?" I asked.

"No! I'm just a bitch because I like sex and its ages since I had a fuck. You've been looking at me for ages and not approached!"

Now that was honest.

"I for one would love to remedy that."

She laughed harshly.

"Well get the fuck on with it. I obviously need a man of action, not a man of words."

I pushed her against the door and snapped the lock shut as I did so. My lips met hers and I had to push hard against her to prevent her lithe form from forcing me backwards over a mop bucket. I nearly ripped her blouse, popping open a row of buttons to discover the soft bare flesh of her belly, and the gentle swell of her small but very pleasing breasts. It wasn't long before my lips could be found drawing her long hard nipples in to my mouth. I unzipped my trousers and loosened my belt so her hand could find its way down in to my boxer shorts. Her nimble fingers had soon released my generous tool from captivity. I could feel her hand working its way along my length, squeezing as it progressed and stopping at my bulging tip. Her palm cupped around it like the gear stick of a manual car. She stopped kissing, withdrew her tongue from my throat and looked down surprised.

"This was good idea of yours. I am going to enjoy that so much. Its so…. big!"

I was only too pleased to oblige and tugged at her skirt until it fell on to the floor. Beneath was a delicate black thong, barely large enough to cover her shaven labia. I knelt down and eased the tiny garment aside and took a closer look. I could see a drop of moisture oozing from between her outer lips, and I allowed my tongue to lick it off, cleaving the warm folds of flesh apart and momentarily massaging her clitoris. She thrust her pelvis against my face rubbing her girl cum on to my nose. I stood up and pushed her against the door, quickly thrusting my hands beneath her buttocks and hauling her up with ease. I moved forward, using the door to keep my cock in a suitable position then lowered her down on to it. She was as tight as a drum form lack of use, but her copious juiciness made up for it. It was then her nails dug in to my back. It hurt, but it was more than balanced by her frantic bucking up and down on my length. She wanted it hard and fast and that's what she was getting. 

"I'm cumming you fucker!" she hissed in my ear after a few minutes of very vigorous activity. "I'm f.uckingggggahhhh!!"

Her nails dug even deeper at her point of orgasm, making me wince with pain and at the same time explode inside her dripping wet pussy. There was a lot of cum; I could feel myself throbbing for ages as the shots fired off inside her.

"I can feel your spunk you bastard. All that thick warm spunk messing up tight and tidy hole. You realise you'll have to pay?"

I could hear the dominatrix inside her struggling to get out, but I didn't care; I'd have paid anything to fuck her again. 

After getting Fen on side things eased up and her circle friends adopted me. Fen's departmental subordinate Brigitte in particular, and also Kathy the History teacher. Brigitte was very attractive red head, with freckles, a rounder figure and a wonderful Irish accent. She seemed to be a slave to Fen's will, and she scurried around at her beck and call. I couldn't help noticing that whenever Brigitte sat next to me she would get a little nervous and stumble over her words, and whenever I caught her speaking French to her class she would blush bright red. Kathy was different. She was much more confident than Brigitte and outwardly sexual. I'd often find myself watching her walk across the staff room and feel my eyes drawn to her slender figure and large breasts. Her long blonde hair looked magnificent as it swayed about her gently bouncing honeyed globes. Unlike Brigitte who kept herself covered up even on a hot day, Kathy would quite happily don a mini skirt and a low cut top. Fen smiled when I commented on Kathy's slightly sluttish appearance, and I was forced to agree with her that with such nice long legs, and a generous cleavage it would have been a sin to keep them too covered.

Not long after our entanglement in the cupboard Fen visited my flat and decided it was too big for me alone. She moved in to one of the spare bedrooms and wrote out a cheque for her share of the rent. A few weeks after that, after fucking me senseless one Sunday morning she suggested Kathy and Brigitte move in to the large double room that was left. I didn't argue, I didn't see the point. It meant my rent was now cheap and it wasn't exactly a chore being in the company of three very decent women. Kathy added to the deal by walking around the flat naked, completely oblivious of my presence most of the time, and Brigitte cooked like a cordon bleu chef. I remember looking out of the bay window across the park, at the golden drifts of autumn carpeting the lawns and saying to myself………. 

"This is as close to heaven as life gets my friend!"

I was wrong; it managed to get even closer.

One Saturday evening, after the school had broken up for the Christmas holiday, Fen, Brigitte, Kathy and myself were sitting around the fire drinking whiskey. We had consumed quite a bit of drink, and Kathy as usual was missing most of her clothing. Dressed in only a bathrobe she was sitting on the sofa with her feet up on the coffee table. I found it very distracting as every time she moved it fell open revealing a little more of her body. It wasn't long before her belly and neatly trimmed mound were completely exposed. A little fair pubic hair crowned the top of it and what looked like a morsel of candyfloss was directly in my line of vision. Even more revealing I could see her large, deliciously fleshy clitoris poking out from her almost hairless folds. 

"Kathy!" fen said smiling. "Close that robe dear. Ben here is drooling over your pussy!"

Kathy winked at me.

"Don't worry Fen, he's seen it all before."

I looked down at the hearthrug; unnerved by the fact they were talking about me as if I wasn't there.

" I know K, but he's mine and I don't want him getting any ideas about your pussy when he should be devoting his time to mine!"

"I'm aware of that, I hear you grinding him into the mattress most nights. Brigitte and I just wish we were getting as much as you are."

Fen raised her eyebrows, and gently placed her slender hand on Kathy's bare thigh. Kathy, slightly drunk by now, placed her hand on top and rubbed it affectionately. Fen, not one to waste an opportunity smoothed her hand along Kathy's thigh and let it rest again over her neat triangle of pubic hair. Brigitte, with her cheeks blushed by the effects of the whiskey looked on, rubbing the top of her own thighs through her long skirt.

"Fen!" Gasped Kathy. " I'm not sure that…." 

But she didn't have time to finish. Fens little finger moved quickly, the very tip of it nudged Kathy's clit. Kathy's protest turned in to a little gasp of pleasure as Fen gently rotated the end of her engorging nub.

"Perhaps Ben would like to contribute," Kathy murmured dreamily. "After all this seems as though it'll be an evening to remember."

I hurried over and knelt between Kathy's legs and allowed my tongue to join in with fens finger. Licking up the salty juices that the Sapphic stimulation had generated, I let my tongue move down a little, poking it rapidly in and out of Kathy's slit, until I worked myself down to her deep juicy hole. Gently, my fingers eased her pussy wide open. Pushing my face forward against her red velvet skin I forced my tongue deep in to her tunnel. It elicited a groan of pleasure and I could feel her flexing her pelvic mussels around my insistent tongue as well as sensing Fen's finger working away. 

Meanwhile, I could see Brigitte in the periphery of my vision, who was sitting on her chair alone. She had hitched up her skirt and was carefully sliding her fingers beneath the gusset of her knickers, pulling them aside to reveal the naturally plump folds of her labia, partly hidden in a nest of silky red pubic hair.

Fen stopped her fingering and bent down to join me eating Kathy instead. Her wickedly pointed tongue and bright red lips replaced her finger, and she sucked Kathy's clitoris in to her mouth, teasing it with her teeth, and flicking it hard. I watched as Fen gripped it firmly, stretched it back and let it go. Every time it snapped back against her pussy flesh, her slippery tunnel surged, flooding my mouth with her delicious girl-cum.

By now I was hard as iron, and I had a feeling that Kathy might respond well to some rigid cock. I stood up and undid my jeans. My tool sprung in to view with force as I pulled down my shorts. Kathy opened her eyes and nodded approvingly. Once more I was on my knees next to the sofa. Kathy's pussy was just the right height. I pushed forward, guiding my tool beneath Fen's nose and in to Kathy's wanton slit with my hand. A few hard, deep strokes later, Fen's lips were alternating between my slippery shaft and Kathy's puckered clit. I gripped Kathy's arse tightly and the flesh of it bulged through my fingers. Kathy squealed in orgasmic delight as I pushed my index finger in to her rim probing her other tunnel.

In the corner of my eye I could see Fen eagerly stripping off her clothes and Kathy was relaxing after her orgasm, still wriggling her bottom on my finger. Fen climbed on to the sofa and carefully sat astride her colleague. Her pussy inches from the blonde's face and her mouth against mine. I slid my cock back in to Kathy, then with each cock thrust, Fen probed my mouth with her tongue, and forced her pussy back against Kathy's face. Kathy's tongue had now joined in. It was clear that both women were not total novices when it came to making love to the same sex, they were obviously quite expert in bringing each other to a climax. Kathy later said, and Fen agreed, that each of them had simply done to each other, what they would like done to them.

Brigitte had moistened by this point. The sight of my cock drilling Kathy had turned her on. Whilst she hoped she was waiting her turn, she reached over to the table and retrieved an empty whiskey bottle. She looked interested at the long, gently sculpted neck, ridged part of the way down and widening out at the base. She considered it for a moment, licked her lips and then presented it to the mouth of her pussy. With great care she nuzzled the neck up against her slit, making tiny circling motions with the smooth glass end, then slipped it inside herself. The relief was palpable, a pleasant groan emanated from her.

Fen turned round after cumming on Kathy's face and licked her own juice from Kathy's mouth and nose. Fen's change of position presented me with a club sandwich. Two slices of really fuckable female flesh. A pair of dripping wet pussies and a brace of tight little anal buds, all very eager to be reamed out. Frankly I didn't know which one to choose, so I started at the bottom. Literally by forcing my big blunt cock in to Kathy's sphincter. My finger had loosened it up and there was plenty of juice from her pussy to lubricate it but it still must have smarted a little. Kathy stiffened up in protest, but a few more inches and she relaxed. Taking my length with some resistance but no real complaints. A dozen hard strokes later and her eyes were filled with tears of pleasure. Then out of Kathy's arse and in to Fen's pussy. Fen had worked her way down to Kathy's breasts and was enthusiastically mauling her big tanned tits with her teeth. Meanwhile Kathy's hand was down over Fen's back and fingering her bottom frenetically. I felt Fen's next few orgasms ripple over my cock and I moved Kathy's finger out of the way so I could replace it with my tool. But only an inch or two in to Fen's tight resistant bum I felt the urge to cum myself. I suddenly felt a little selfish. How was I going to divide up my semen and not disappoint two already cum hungry slits?

By now Brigitte had generously lubricated the bottle and the glass was smeared with her juice. She was enthusiastically plugging away with her new toy, her legs wide apart and hooked over the arms of the chair.

I suddenly had a flash of inspiration. I with withdrew from Fen's demanding bum flesh, stood back and let myself cum. I felt like a fountain as I let my spunk fly through the air. I aimed each jet very carefully, one generous wad of thick white cum for each hole. I watched happily as it splashed down, the first impact on Fen's arse, her hole still open and stretched from where I'd been. Then yet another shot on her slit, at the top so it would trickle down. Then the third on Kathy's juicy lips, messing up her little triangle with a fourth shot. The fifth sticky load went straight on to Kathy's bottom buried deep at the bottom of the pile. The little that was left I generously distributed on to Fen's buttocks and the front of Kathy's thighs.

It was then that Brigitte climaxed, the sight of my generous orgasm had pushed her over the edge. Howling loudly, she clamped her thighs around the whiskey bottle. I staggered over, nursing my still twitching cock in my hand, and pushed it against her partially open lips. She opened wider allowing the glowing tip to pass over her teeth on to her tongue. She sucked gently, teasing out the last drop of moisture and massaging my tool backing to some kind of life. Her hands left the bottle and her quilted fingers gripped my shaft firmly, feeding another inch or two in. Her slurping was audible now, and her enthusiastic head slid back and forth along my length. I took her head in my hands, gripping her red hair to help her measure her stroke. Her eyes opened and she looked straight up at me raising her eyebrows with not even a hint of a blush or embarrassment. I'd started to reload, and I could feel my juices rising up from deep in my scrotum. Brigitte carried on, dedicated to relieving me of my load and swallowing it all. I warned her I was about to blow and she took one last generous slurp. Out it came, an impressive load for a short notice second shot. I heard her gulp a couple of times and then almost purr as she allowed some of my fresh cum to fill her mouth and surround her tongue. 

I fell back in to my seat where I'd started earlier in the evening, whilst Kathy and Fen extricated themselves from each other.
