 We were alone only for one quick beer.

And that one hardly took my edge off. I was just putting my bottle down and turning to ask for another when four bottles appeared on our table. I looked at the hand holding them, followed up the arm and caught my breath when I saw the most brilliant blue eyes I've ever seen. The kind that are hard to look directly into, they're so clear and intense. 

"Hi, I'm Ed," he said. My husband kicked me under the table -- not only was I staring, but my mouth was hanging open. We introduced ourselves and then were joined by Ed's wife, Lisa. 

Ed was a slightly taller than my husband and about ten years older. Once you got past those startling eyes, you noticed the laugh lines and weathered appearance that comes from a lot of time outside and a lot of laughter. He wasn't nearly as muscular as my husband, but rather leaner, like a runner. Not unappealing at all, but different than what I was normally attracted to. He had light hair with just a touch of salt and pepper and from what little I could see peeking from his shirt, it appeared the salt and pepper was working on his chest as well. Lisa was a few years older than myself, with beautiful blonde hair and hazel eyes. She, too, had an outdoorsy look and unassuming manner. She was a little shorter than me, and not as well endowed, but I noticed my husband checking her out nonetheless. We felt at ease with them both and spent the next hour or so getting to know each other. 

Ed explained that he noticed us come into the bar and assumed it was our first time at something like this. He explained that they'd only been to a few of these. Ed and Lisa were bright, funny and very down-to-earth. Talking with them was comfortable, like we'd been friends for a long time -- it was not at all what I expected and I was pleasantly surprised. The drinks flowed as fast and freely as our conversation and laughter and before I knew it, we were all on the dance floor. I was cocktailed like I hadn't been in ages, dancing like I was half my age. Some part of me knew that no matter what happened tonight, I'd probably be most embarrassed about the dancing when I sobered up!

We sort of danced as a group, the four of us, and after a few fast turns, we paired off and I found myself dancing with Ed. He tried his best to make conversation, but I found it so hard to look him in the eyes. His gaze was so intense, so focused. It left you with the feeling that nobody else was in the room, only you, only now. When a slow song came on, I looked over at my husband and saw him pulling Lisa in close. Ed looked at me and before I knew it, I was in his arms. I felt a jolt of electricity run through me. We'd flirted all night and found we had a lot in common, all four of us did, and now, in his arms, I let my mind wander to what could happen. 

Ed noticed I was lost in my thoughts.

"You ok?" he asked. 

"Yes, just wondering," I responded. "Wondering what all of this is, what it will lead to."

Ed pulled back a little, put his hand under my chin, tilted my head up and looked me straight in the eyes. Those eyes! He smiled a warm wicked smile. He leaned in and whispered in my ear.

"Baby, this can lead to whatever you want. However you want." 

He must have felt me shiver. The warmth of his breath on my ear was just too much and without even knowing it I leaned into him, pulling closer. Ed's lips were soft and hot as he left a trail of kisses around my ear, gently biting my earlobe before moving to my neck. He held me tight as we gently swayed to the music and I could feel him growing harder as he kept kissing my neck. A soft moan escaped my lips and my hands reached up to the back of his head as he nuzzled me, my fingers playing with his hair. Ed gently pulled my head back and his lips traced a path from my ear, down the side of my neck and around to the front of my neck. His lips were soft, but insistent, his breath hot. His tongue darted out here and there with his kisses and teased me. He found that spot, just below and a little behind my earlobe -- that spot that is wired to every other sensitive spot on my body. My nipples hardened and I felt myself get moist. He must have felt my knees give a little because he pulled me in even closer. God, his lips felt so good on my skin. Gently kissing and sucking, nibbling here and there. A little bit of stubble on his cheeks and chin. He kept one hand on the back of my head and the other on the small of my back, bending me and moving me as he needed, as his mouth dictated. 

My head was thrown back and my eyes were closed and I played with his hair that fell over the back of his collar. Slowly I realized that there was no music playing. We were surrounded on the dance floor by other couples looking at us. My husband and Lisa walked up and he told me that he'd never seen me look sexier than on that dance floor with my head thrown back and Ed's mouth at the base of my neck. I told him that I'd never felt sexier. It was such a turn on. Here I was, where I was, how I was, and I was thoroughly enjoying myself. 

We went back to our table and had a few more drinks. It was apparent that the four of us all had an interest in each other and in continuing down this highly-charged sexual path. Our conversation turned to sexual encounters and experiences, specifically within this realm. Ed and Lisa explained how they had had a few experiences with other couples and were happy to go slow or fast, whatever we were comfortable with. We explained that we'd done a lot of talking and had agreed to just see where things went tonight, if they went anywhere at all. We all agreed that we wanted to take it further. After meeting Ed and Lisa there was no doubt that something would happen. Even if it was just being in the same room while we stayed with our respective spouses. 


Everyone was pretty cocktailed and very horny by the time we agreed to go up to their room for a few drinks and see where things would go. My husband looked at me and gave my hand another squeeze. It seemed that his fantasy and mine were about to come true.