 It seemed that his fantasy and mine were about to come true. 

Ed and Lisa had one of the nicer rooms, by airport hotel standards. At least it was an interior room. They had brought some beer and wine with them to enjoy in their room and soon we all were settled in, sitting and laying on the king size bed, having a drink and talking. The conversation was purely sexual. Kind of a "what do you like, and this is what she likes, with a little of "have you ever done..." thrown in. If I hadn't known better I would've though that my husband and Ed planned all of this, because before long my husband was explaining just how much I love to have my breasts kissed and nipples sucked, in full graphic detail and without hesitation Ed leaned over me, unbuttoned my blouse and took my nipple in his mouth. I let out a small groan and looked at my husband. He smiled at me, squeezed my hand and moved over to the other side of the bed with Lisa. In a few short minutes they'd shed their clothes and were locked in a 69, but that's a story for later. Back to Ed and the sweet torment he was inflicting.....

Once we had the side of the bed to ourselves, Ed moved up next to me and began to undress me. Everywhere his fingers touched, his mouth followed. He took his time, I guess understanding how apprehensive I was about being with another man. Now don't get me wrong, I was so excited and totally turned on, but still couldn't help but wonder about what fallout there would be. I decided to "live in the moment" and let the chips fall where they may. Here was my older man, my fantasy, tall, salt and peppered and wanting me. Whatever doubts I had quickly disappeared. 

My blouse fell to the floor, followed quickly by my jeans. Ed had left a trail of hot tender kisses down my leg as he removed my jeans. I tried to help but he just told me to be patient and enjoy. His mouth was on my ankle, and I couldn't help but giggle as he kissed his way up my leg. It tickled! Before I knew it he'd worked his way up my other leg and his mouth was on my panties, kissing along the top of them, his tongue darting out and under. My hips instinctually rose up to him. As he continued to kiss me, his hands slowly caressed and moved up my legs. His hands were hot and everywhere he touched, with those long strong fingers, just melted me. My legs quivered beneath his touch and I shivered. He knew how to play me, with his fingers and his mouth. 

After what seemed like an eternity, Ed's hands found my panties and he slowly lowered them. When I rose up to help, my pussy brushed against his mouth. 

"Mmmm....this is what I've been waiting for," he said. 

I let my mind wander and hoped that Ed would be as good at eating my pussy as I'd hoped. I am hopelessly addicted to oral sex and my husband, who quite enjoys my ministrations, loves to give as good as he gets and he is without a doubt the best I've ever experienced. 

Ed's lips brushed the outside of my pussy and soft gentle kisses rained down on my bare skin as he explored outside and inside my hot pussy. He placed his hands under my ass and lifted my pussy closer to his face. He started licking me, darting his tongue in and out of my pussy. My hips were gently rising and falling, rubbing my pussy against his face, my clit silently screaming at him. Ed slipped one finger inside of me, causing us both to moan. 

"Oh my god, you're so tight," he said as I squeezed his finger. I answered by squeezing it even harder and that sent his mouth and his tongue straight to my clit. He licked it gently, running small circles all around it, first one way then another, before taking it in his mouth and gently sucking it. His lips felt so soft and hot, his tongue hard, yet gentle on me. I had one hand on my breast, squeezing and teasing my nipple and the other hand on the back of Ed's head, gently holding him in place and playing with his hair. 

I looked over and saw my husband buried in Lisa's pussy and Lisa reached over and grabbed my hand. We lay there like that for what seemed like an eternity. Holding hands and getting eaten out by each other's husbands. My husband later commented that watching us lying there like that was an incredible turn-on. Ed must've thought so, too, as he started working my pussy a little harder.

"Do you like that," he asked as he worked his finger out of my pussy and towards my ass. I heard my husband laugh quietly, as he somehow knew what was going on. 

"Yes," I answered. "That feels so good, please..please...please don't stop," I begged breathlessly. He moved his finger slowly into my ass and I gasped and then bucked against him. His tongue moved from my clit and he started fucking me -- his tongue, hard, moving in and out of my pussy and his finger, moving in rhythm in and out of my ass. 

"That's right," he said. "I'm going to make sure you're good and ready for me." I wondered what he meant and then looked down. Exactly when he'd shed his clothes I don't remember, but oh dear god, how had I missed that cock? It was huge. I don't care what any woman says, size does matter. Skill matters just as much and Ed was skillfully fucking my pussy with his mouth. I couldn't imagine how skillfully he'd fuck me with that cock. Just thinking about that brought me closer to cuming. Ed must've felt it building. My hips were rocking up to meet him as he fucked me, our pace increasing.

"That's right," he said. "I'm going to make your tight little pussy cum. I'm going to bury my face in your pussy when you cum and not let go." I arched up to meet him, again. "That's right, fuck my face, baby."

I absolutely love it when a man, or a woman (again, another story!), talks dirty to me during sex. I guess I'm oral and aural. Depending on my mood the dirtier the talk the better and Ed had struck just the right balance. Good sex, like good food should touch all of your senses. You eat with your eyes, your nose, your mouth, your ears -- it only makes sense that you'd use all of the same senses when you fuck. 

Ed's tongue had found just the right rhythm on my clit and he had one finger in my pussy and the other playing with my asshole. I felt my orgasm getting closer and closer and suddenly I felt Lisa squeezing my hand hard. I looked over and her head was back and hips bucked up as she came, hard. 

"Yes, yes, oh god, yes," I heard her scream. That was enough for me. "Ed, make my pussy cum, please, fuck me. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," I chanted as he sucked my clit even harder and finger fucked my hot pussy with abandon.

I heard a sound and realized it was me, I had trailed off after "fuck me" and let out a low moan, scream, mewl. As an old friend once said, I saw the inside of the back of my head. 

I'm not sure how long I was saying "oh god," but when I regained my senses and opened my eyes, I found two hard cocks in front of me.