 It had taken quite a bit of convincing, but finally I got my boyfriend to try taking it up the ass courtesy of my favorite dildo. He’s a real cute jock, very masculine. And he’s got himself a hot, hot ass which I sensed the first time I rimmed him. He loved it so much when I licked or fingered him down there that I couldn’t help wondering whether he’d ever made it with guys. But he denied it, said he was straight as a ruler. Well he may have been straight but he sure squealed and squirmed like a bitch in heat when I dug my thick and very lifelike dildo all the way up his ass. No complaining from him. No, not at all. He took that rubber cock of mine like he’d been craving the feel of a thick one busting open his bottom all his adult life.

"You’re my ass slut, baby," I whispered mischievously in his ear as I twisted the dildo inside his bottom, he pushing back eagerly against my intimate rectal probe, wanting more, wanting it all. 

The next time I saw my girlfriend Nan I told her how I had busted Tim's asshole with my dildo.

"Yeah, Doug loves it too when I fool around with his ass," Nan said about her boyfriend. 

"Really? You never told me that."

"Sure. I just love doing it to him down there. You know, giving him a nice anal tongue bath. Then greasing him up and digging my fingers up his ass. You should see him; he really freaks when I start reaming out his butt. Especially when I take out this nice, big dildo -- you know the one, I've used it often enough on you -- and force it all the way up inside him. Man, does that ever turn me on! Working it deep into his hot, young funky ass, stretching his little asshole wide open. You should see the slut beg for it!

"Shit, Nan. You are making me so fuckin' hot telling me that. I think I'm going to have to slide my fingers down under my panties and jerk off."

"Don't let me stop you. Hell, I might even join you," she said with a lusty laugh.

"Tell me, Nan?" I asked. "If these guys love having their butts eaten and fingered and fucked so much, how come they're so straight? That's what I can't figure out."

"Who knows? They don't want anyone to think they're fags, I guess."

"Too bad," I said, "Like wouldn't it really be far out to watch Tim and Doug get it on with each other."

"Fuck, yeah!" Nan said, a twinkle in her eye. "I'd really freak seeing those guys getting it on. Sucking each others' big dicks and taking it up the ass."

"I know just what you mean. That would be so incredibly hot!" I said. "By the way, does Doug know you and I get it on?" 

"No. I haven't told him."

Nan and I were friends from college. More than friends, actually, since once in a while the two of us, when we were feeling horny, liked to fool around with each other. We weren't lovers exactly, just good friends who liked to get down and dirty when we happened to be together and both found ourselves feeling the need for it. We met Tim and Doug at the start of our Junior year abroad. Like us, they were two college dudes spending the year in Spain, though they didn't know each other from back home. All four of us had been on our college swim teams, and Nan and I met the two of them when we all got jobs working as lifeguards at one of the popular Costa Brava beach resorts.

"I haven't told Tim either," I said. Then a nasty thought came to my mind. "Hey, why don't we see if we can get those guys to loosen up a little. Let's the four of us get together and we'll let them watch us get it on and, who knows, maybe we can encourage them to check each other out too."

"Don't you think it'll freak them out a little to see you and me making it, Vicki?" Nan asked.

"So? Let them get freaked," I said with the shrug. "They'll love it, I bet. Dudes, they all fantasize about that. Two hot, sleek foxes mixing it up right in front of their eyes.""

"Shit yeah!" Nan said, a wicked grin on her face. "I bet they would love to see that. And it would so wild to watch their reaction."

So Nan arranged for the Tim and me to have dinner with her and Doug at Nan's place. Nan and I planned it so that Tim and I would have to spend the night at her place because Tim would've had too much to drink and I couldn't drive a stick shift. We figured if we got the guys a little loaded, that might help loosen them up and make them open to new adventures. And it would also mean that Tim and I would have to spend the night, setting the stage for the very wicked evening Nan and I had in mind!

By the time we finished dinner we had put away a couple of bottles of wine and all four of us were feeling very loose, cracking dirty jokes and goofing around. The guys had unbuttoned their shirts. Nan and I, as it were, were just wearing halter tops and gym shorts. By the way, Nan just has the most incredible body. Sleek and hard and tanned. She's a super fox. Why, she's almost as foxy as me!

"Hey, how about we take our clothes off? It's sort of hot in here," Nan suggested.

Tim and Doug looked at each other, seeming to like that idea a whole lot.

"Yeah, it's no big deal. We've seen each other naked before," I added.

And we had, since we enjoyed going to a nude beach together. Once, we even got it on in each others' presence, though we didn't swap or anything.

Nan and I started to undress. Off came our halter tops and our shorts. And then our panties. The guys, taking their cue from us, took off their clothes. Unzipping and pulling down their pants so we could see the big bulges in the crotch of their little briefs. Then the briefs came off too. 

Tits, cocks and pussies came into view and we all took in the hot sights. Though we had been naked on the beach together many times, Nan and I now knew that our nudity was a prelude to something more. To a little four-way orgy. Except the guys could hardly have guessed just what sort of an orgy Nan and I had in mind!

We noticed that Tim and Doug's cocks were swelling up and getting big and hard.

"Look at you guys. I'd say something was getting you two excited," Nan commented.

"I wonder what it is?" I added.

"I don't know," Nan said. "But I think I know how we can make that excitement grow even more."

"How, Nan?" I asked, perfectly aware of the answer.

"Like this," she said, reaching for me as I reached for her, the two of us gripping each others' bodies and tumbling onto the bed together. I pawed her big, firm perfect tits while she reached out with her lips to suck one of my corky nipples. Soon fingers and tongues were exploring slick, creamy pussies and tight, puckered assholes. We were really going at like the two sizzling cunthounds we are. I don't mean to boast, but Nan and me are a pair of young, sleek, tanned, hardbodied sluts who are so fuckin' hot and cunty we could probably raise a hardon in a dead man! Let alone the two horny, virile studs who were watching us now with open mouths and shocked expressions.

"Hey! What are you girls doing?" Doug asked, taken aback by our display.

"We're just having fun, guys," I murmured, as Nan and I continued with the show, the guys gazing at us intently and stroking their dicks. 

"So that's what you do when we're not around! You're a regular pair of dykes," Doug said kiddingly.

"I wouldn't go that far. But we do enjoy each other sometimes. You know, it's a change of pace from  this!" I said, reaching over to give Tim's cock a squeeze. Then Nan and I got into a '69' position and began feasting on each others' pussies some more while we wiggled our cute firm butts for the guys.

After we lapped away at our two tasty morsels, we disengaged and approached the guys. Except we crisscrossed. I got down on my knees in front of Doug's prick, while Nan went for Tim's. Then we dug in for a lavish cock feast.

The guys looked at one another, amazed. But they were game,

each eager to get a blow job from his lover's girlfriend. We sucked their dicks until they were rock hard. Then we mounted and fucked them nice and smoothly.

We rode them for all we were worth, their thick cocks filling us to the brim. I looked over to watch Nan riding my boyfriend and she, I could see, was watching me. There was something wild about seeing your lover fuck someone else. Especially, as was the case with Tim and Nan, when they were both my lovers!

"Did you like watching me eat your girlfriend's cunt?" Nan asked Tim, riding his big dick.

"Uh huh! Feel free to chew on her pussy anytime you want... as long as I get to watch," he said, carefree male lust in his eyes.

"That goes for me too," Doug said, as he pumped his shaft into me. I looked over at Nan and winked. Now was the time to broach the subject.

"I'm glad you two enjoy watching us go down on each other. But maybe we'd like to watch too."

"Watch what?" Tim asked.

Nan and I looked at each other. These guys still didn't get it.

"Maybe we'd dig watching you guys get a little closer." Nan said.

"Yeah, maybe what we'd like is to watch you suck each others' cocks and fuck each other up the ass. Maybe that's what we'd like to see you do," I said, dismounting Doug and noticing his shocked expression.

Nan then got up off Tim, leaving the two guys sitting there, cocks standing stiff and slick from having been in our pussies, jaws hanging slack, shocked by our words.

"What would you guys think about a scene like that, huh?"

"Now just wait one minute, Tim and me, we're straight!" Doug protested.

"Yeah, that's what Tim keeps telling me all the time," I said. "But he sure seems to love it when I bury a nice, big rubber dick up his greedy little ass. He can't get enough of it. Right, Tim?"

Doug looked over at Tim, and Tim blushed. Though his cock remained rock hard, as did Doug's.

"And Doug," I continued, "Nan keeps telling me how much you enjoy it when she comes knocking around your back door. How you just love to spread it wide open for her."

"Shit! You tell her that?" Doug asked Nan, shocked.

"Well it's true, isn't it?"

"Don't deny it, fellas. It's perfectly natural for you guys to want to take it in the ass. After all, you know how much Nan and I like it when you fuck us in the butt, and -- really -- what's the difference between our assholes and yours? We may have tits and pussies, and you may have dicks. But if it there's one thing we have in common, it's a tight asshole between our hot little buns, right?"

Nan looked at me approvingly, liking the way I put put it to the guys.

"And you know how much we love to suck your dicks?" Nan added. "How nuts we are to wrap our lips around your thick shafts? Well you might dig that too. You two have hot mouths, right? Slurping away at our pussies like there was no tomorrow. Well maybe now it's time to taste something else."

"Yeah, time to taste some cock!" I hissed with a lewd smile.

The two of them were speechless. But obviously they couldn't deny the simple truth of what we were saying. That tight assholes and hot mouths were something the four of us had in common. And it was by highlighting that truth that we hoped to get them to agree to do what we wanted.

"Listen," Nan pleaded, "You can be straight and still have some fun with each other. Vicki and I like getting it on and that doesn't make us any less feminine or any less appealing to you guys, does it? So how about turning us on and putting on a little show for us tonight? We're always saying to each other how we'd just cream to watch some sizzling man-to-man action. And you two studs have such beautiful big dicks and such nice, smooth, hard butts. It would just be so freaky to be able to watch you making it with each other."

"C'mon, baby," I pleaded with Tim, "It feels so fuckin' great to suck a cock and then to take it in the ass. Believe me, I know. And Doug here is so nice and big and hard. Just like you. Why don't you try check' him out, honey. I want to see you do that so much."

"Yeah," Nan said, turning to Doug. "Please guys! We're really dying to see you do it with each other. We've never watched guys sucking dicks and getting screwed before. It would be such an incredible turn-on for us. Vicki and me, we've been talking about it a lot, saying how it would really flip us both out to be able to watch you guys doing it. Please say yes! Please!!!!

Nan was so cute and coy, wiggling her pretty butt and shaking her tits in their faces. I wiggled up next to her now.

"Yeah, say you'll do it, guys. It'd turn on me and Nan so fuckin' much. And it's not like you'll be alone with each other, one on one. Nan and I are going to be part of it, we're going to join in. C'mon, do it for us! We'll do anything you want if you do. Anything."

"You do anything we want anyway," Doug smirked.

The guys didn't really know what to say, but I thought I detected a hint of enthusiasm. To urge them on we pushed them closer to each other on the bed. And I took Tim's hand and put it on Doug's cock, while Nan grabbed hold of Doug's hand and brought it over to Tim's shaft. Just the sight of the two of them resting their hands on each others' thick, rigid dicks electrified me. And, looking at Nan, I saw it electrified her just as much.

"Let's see you at least hold each other."

The guys didn't protest. Instead, they wrapped their fingers around each others' big shafts, staring down at the cocks they were now holding with what seemed to be both curiosity and arousal.

"Uh huh!" Nan said a tad breathlessly, "Two nice handfuls, right guys? So hard and thick and meaty."

Soon they were massaging each others' dicks while Nan and I watched. God, it was so exciting to see these two well-built, masculine studs sitting next to each other like that, fists wrapped around each others' swollen penises.

"They feel good, don't they?" I said, breathless with excitement now.

"And they taste good too," Nan added. 

"Yeah!" I said, thrilled by the thought that they might now go down on each other. "They taste real good!"

Nan now got behind Doug and pushed the back of bis head down over Tim's cock. Doug didn't resist at all. Quite the contrary. His lips slowly opened as he lowered his head.

I watched, mesmerized, as Doug wrapped his mouth around my hung boyfriend's big, hard shaft.

Nan and I both knelt down on the floor in front of Tim so we could watch Doug suck him. Our eyes were inches away from where Doug's mouth engulfed Tim's cock. Nan and I stared at each other disbelievingly, then broke out in a lusty cackle.

"Go ahead, suck it!" Nan squealed, urging Doug on. "Shit, I just love seeing a big dick in your mouth, baby! It's hard, isn't it? Hard and thick and tasty! So go ahead and eat it up!!!

I savored the sight of it. Another guy giving my boyfriend head! Tim didn't just carry nine inches down there, but those inches were thick. Sometimes when I go down on him I like to do it right next to a mirror so I can watch the lusciously obscene sight of my lips stretched to the max around that thick girth. Now I watched another set of lips straining to encircle all that rigid thickness, Doug's lips, male lips! I brought a finger down to my pussy to check out its state. I was as wet as a dishrag down there, and my clit was as hard as a marble!

Doug really got into it, taking as much of Tim's shaft as he could in his mouth, gobbling up those thick inches while Nan kept pressing back on his head.

"That's right, Doug," I whispered in his ear. "Go ahead and swallow that cock. And think how good it's gonna feel when my boyfriend buries it all the way up your hot, tight asshole!"

Then I turned to Tim and kissed him.

"Hey, baby? Does he suck dick as good as I do?"

"Honey, you're the best. But he's pretty good."

"Oh, you're always flattering me, babe."

"Say, Tim," Nan now chimed in, "are you ready to suck some cock of your own?"

"Yeah, baby?" I asked excitedly. "Are you?"

"Yeah. I think I am."

"You think so, huh?" Nan cooed teasingly as she pulled Doug's head away from Tim's dick, signaling that it was now Tim's turn to go down on Doug. Tim opened his mouth as he approached the big knob of Doug's erection. Man, my rugged, masculine boyfriend wrapped his lips around that knob like he had been starving for the taste of dick all his life!

"That's it!" I said. "Yum, yum, yum! Swallow it! Don't you just love having a thick, tasty dick in your mouth? Especially since the dick you're sucking was buried all the way up your baby's sweet, juicy cunt only minutes ago."

I watched, spellbound, as Tim swallowed Doug's rigid shaft, still slick from my pussy.

I noticed Nan getting behind Doug and spreading his ass-cheeks, then digging her tongue into his crack as Tim kept sucking him. My heart beat a little faster as I realized that asshole she was tonguing would soon be getting fucked.

"Hey Vicki, why don't you come over here and help me lick some of this ass. It's time to get this stud ready for your boyfriend's prick."

I stared at Doug's hard buns, and the crinkled asshole between them, now wet from Nan's licking. For a rim freak like me, it was a beautiful sight. Tim and Nan's assholes I knew very well; now I was going to get to know Doug's. Together, Nan and I lapped away at Doug's anal cleft, getting him nice and wet while Tim continued giving Doug a super blow job, no doubt thinking that very soon it would be his dick that would be getting some more action when he plowed it up Doug's ass.

"What do you think of my boyfriend's asshole?" Nan asked, as we pulled away for a moment.

"It's almost as cute and tasty as yours, bitch!" I purred, as Nan cracked up with libidinous glee.

"Okay guys, enough cocksucking," I announced, looking over at them. "It's time for some screwing now, some anal intercourse!"

"Yeah, your favorite kind," Nan cackled, knowing how much the two of them loved to screw our bottoms, maybe even more than our pussies.

I pulled Tim's mouth away from Doug's dick, while Nan had Doug get on his elbows and knees. 

Naturally, considering what Nan and I had in mind, we made sure to have a fresh tube of K-Y jelly on hand tonight. Nan reached for it and unscrewed the cap.

"We're going to have to use plenty of this," Nan said, squeezing a big dab onto my hand. "You go ahead and lube Tim's dick and I'll grease up Doug's asshole, okay?"

Nan worked the K-Y jelly into her boyfriend's ass as I spread it all over Tim's swollen shaft. That shaft looked so sexy now, glossy with K-Y and rock hard. Tim looked down and watched as I greased him up, then glanced sideways to check out what Nan was doing to Doug's ass, the ass he knew he'd be fucking any moment now.

"Hey Vicki, how about you spread open Doug's buns and I'll help Tim work his dick inside," Nan suggested, figuring it'd be fun to switch, she going for my boyfriend's dick, me holding open her boyfriend's buttocks.

I spread apart Doug's buns and stared at his greased, puckered asshole, ready now to accomodate my boyfriend's nine thick, rigid inches. Nan, brought Tim into position so he was right behind Doug. Taking hold of his shaft, she brought its tip up against Doug's slickened crack, rubbing the cockhead up and down.

"Oooooh! That looks sofuckin' sexy, doesn't it?" Nan squealed as she took her time rubbing the big, smooth, lubed knob against Doug's greased anal cleft. Then, slowly, she began working it into her lover's asshole. 

Doug winced as the thick knob began to penetrate him. My eyes went wide as I took in the incredible sight of Doug's tight sphincter forced to give way to Tim's thick intruder. While Tim slowly slid his dick up Doug's ass, Nan and I took hold of Doug's buttocks, spreading them, so we could see every detail.

"Wow! Look at that! That is so hot!" Nan hissed.
