 Thompson Industrial Park, Three PM, Wednesday

Roger Goodman smiled as he left the offices of his latest conquest. Stopping once more to look from the parking lot, his six-foot, two-inch frame positioned his eyes above all the cars. There must be two hundred of them, he thought. He looked back at the two story brick building he’d just bought, along with the business it housed, WebArchS. Goodman Enterprise was now truly an expanding force indeed. He had focused his personally founded tech support business on the small to mid-sized company, taking advantage of the diminishing justification for such companies to maintain their own full time staffs. Now he was leveraging his income and retained earnings to expand into programming software utilities for use in web hosting. WebArchS, an acronym in “dotcom” language for Web Architecture Software, was not yet profitable, but nearly so. The founder had lost his family over the last six years, due to his long hours and shortened temper, and was ready to cash in. This gave Roger a rather unique opportunity to offer the guy less money up front, and a healthy piece of the profits as they began to pour in. And pour in they would, for he already had a contract in hand, ready to sign, to deliver the company's utilities in mass to one of the largest integrators in the country. That one sale alone would not only cover the cost of WebArchS, but set the profit stream in motion for its future. Life was indeed grand at that moment.

He smiled and thought perhaps he would go home and take the rest of the day off as his reward. His wife would sure love that, with all her complaining about their diminished social life. What did she expect? His long hours were critical to the growth of Goodman Enterprise, and here was an example of all that work paying off. The other guy was even less effective at staying home than he was, and he'd lost his business, fortunately for Roger and yes, his wife Jeanne too. She would just have to try a little harder to put up with his tardiness, in exchange for the payoff later - a retirement in luxury beyond her dreams. He smiled at the thought and got into his Navigator and headed home.

Jeanne would be surprised. He hadn’t come home early in years, practically since he’d started the business. Surely between his consenting to try Viagra to hopefully rebuild his virility, and his promise to come home earlier, more often after the acquisition were assimilated, she would relax some of her pressure on him. This afternoon, he would fuck her brains out for the first time in months, and show her what for. He smiled again at the thought and pressed a little harder on the gas pedal. "Must be the Viagra," He thought. It better be, he'd been taking it for six months!

68 Seaward Lane, Three PM, Wednesday

Jeanne Dalry Goodman, 42 years old and happy without children but not without sex, pulled the young hunk of meat down on her hard. "That's right, Baby, fuck me, fuck me as hard as you can!"

The young stud, employed to take care of the modest yard they tried to keep as nice as others in their neighborhood, found this part of his job perhaps most difficult. As he raised his ass up from her body, pulling his average sized cock up with it, he thought about the next day and how he was going to juggle all this sex with his wife and family life all at the same time. 

Thinking of something else, was his way of extending the life of his erection, and the time to orgasm. The women seemed to love this, even need it to better enjoy their service. And that's about all it was anymore to Jerry, service. He'd learned early on in his business he would come across more desperate, lonely housewives than he'd ever imagined. He'd also learned that many of them would call him to appraise their job, only to lie to their husbands that Jerry had submitted the lowest bid, while sporting the greatest reputation. The reputation part was true. The portion of the bid for the yard service might also be low, but the "premium" service, an item he actually been talked into quoting on the bill, jacked the price up an extra fifty dollars per day of “work” per week. Though most of his clients had him by only once a week, realistic when considering their lawn’s need for mowing, some had had the nerve to have him over twice a week!

They loved the arrangement for it gave them all a twinge of revenge in that they were actually getting their husbands to pay for their getting laid in lieu of fucking them themselves. Served them all right. The women involved in the scam in this particular neighborhood had a weekly “cards” gathering, all four of them, and gabbed about their stallion's accomplishments more than played cards. On some days, they literally played paper/scissors/rock to see who "won" the card game pot, with never cracking a deck, this silliness just to add texture to their stories. Unfortunately for the women, the fact that Jerry the gardener was so unenthused with his mandate, was exactly why he was wearing a cock cage and ball ring while he haphazardly pumped the pussy of his Wednesday afternoon appointment.

Two weeks ago, the girls had all decided while surfing through a sex toy web site, to try the device and they ordered one, only one, for them all to use. They all agreed that sharing the toy, might enhance their experience appreciably, knowing the co-conspirators were also sharing their scent, and cum. If nothing else, it would enhance the performance of the diminishing Jerry. 

This being Wednesday, Jeanne was enjoying the thought of Jerry pleasing her with a cock cage on his shaft that had also been in another pussy the day before, Gina’s, and the day before that with Rita. Tomorrow, Ellen would get her chance to savor all of them, though much more in fantasy than reality, for the remnants of each were surely not even visible on the device. Nevertheless, it was the kind of game they'd been playing for the last couple months, and they hadn't tired of it yet.

This device had been a good choice, especially given the rather blasé way that Jerry made love. Hell, Jeanne had thought as she felt him toy with her breasts, even his balls were small! Fortunately, the ridges of leather on the cock cage added some friction to the boy’s shaft that caught on the walls of a vagina to enhance the experience. The women were able to concentrate a bit more on that, than on the lack of skill in their lover. The one thing Jerry did bring to the bed was endurance. In that department, he couldn’t be beat. He would go and go and go until they asked him to stop. As Jeanne thought about it, she began to think of him more as a warmed up dildo than a man ravishing her body.

Jeanne began to cum as the young gardener-cum-gigolo continued to pump her in his seemingly endless stamina. She knew this, the third of her orgasms this afternoon, could easily be followed by yet another if she felt like holding on. But…

The only problem in all of this, besides the slight feelings of guilt the women had all shared, was that young Jerry was a moron, at least in bed. He had no imagination, fucked more like a robot than a virile twenty-three year old, and seemed to be totally disinterested in his conquests. He was a cock, a willing and commandable cock, but with little if any emotion beyond that. 

Already, the first rumblings of dissatisfaction with this lack of enthusiasm had surfaced at the last Friday "card game." Gina had brought it up in the form of a question to see if maybe she was experiencing something different than the others, but they all agreed the kid was little more than a slug with a prick, albeit a willing one their husbands would pay for through the lawn care bills. They'd decided not to try to change anything for now, but to more carefully choose their toys to compensate.

Corner of Seaward Lane and Prospect, Three-Fifteen PM, Wednesday

Roger turned the Navigator around the corner onto his street, and stopped. There was a strange truck in his driveway, one with a homebuilt trailer in tow, and ramps dropped from its rear. He considered this for a moment and realized, the gardener. Hmmmm, he thought. Maybe he should use the noise of the mower or clippers or whatever he was using to sneak into the house and surprise his wife completely!

He parked two houses from his own and walked the sidewalk to his driveway. Keeping the gardener's trailer and car between him and the house, he worked his way back to the side, and then to the back of the house. There was no noise, and no gardener, but the kid could be anywhere, even next door where he also mowed the lawn, if he remembered correctly.

As he rounded the rear of the house however, he did hear a noise, a noise that could only be his wife, and a noise she had never emitted before without him buried inside her. Though it had been some time since their last encounter, months even, he would never forget the sound of his wife's indication of satisfaction. And right now, that same noise told him she was being satisfied!

68 Seaward Lane, Guest Bedroom, Three Eighteen PM, Wednesday

"Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!" Jeanne let out a kind of grunt with each throw of her orgasm, pulling him tighter each time, and fucking her hips up at him with each thrust. She noticed that Jerry still pumping after she'd finished, did not cum with her. Letting out one long sighing "Ohhhhhhhhhhh..." she moved her hands up and down his back with her nails just scratching the surface of his skin. Maybe that would help, she thought, now more wrapped up in the challenge of making him cum.

The gardener knew she had cum, for sure. He knew her sounds too by now. Jeanne was also the wettest of the group, and seemed to piss each time she let go. He could smell her rising from the heat between their bodies and this helped him drive on as the woman didn't seem to want to stop just yet. The wetness creeping down his inner thighs as it sought the seem where they pressed together, also helped him hold the all important erection his clients seemed to want more than his gardening skills. He kept the steady pace of pumping going.

68 Seaward Lane, Outside the Guest Room Window, Three Eighteen PM, Wednesday

Roger was bouncing of the walls off astonishment, jealousy, anger and revenge. He didn't know where to land, only that it had to be hard. His wife was fucking the gardener in the spare bedroom on the first floor, with the fucking window open for the whole neighborhood to hear if they wanted! Hell, he thought as he watched their action, the pair of them deserve each other! He's lame and she's cheating!

Roger didn't know whether to break in and bust the kid up, throw his wife out, or just get a camera and take the picture to his attorney. None of the options were good, and not a one would give her the payback she deserved. He rose on his toes and looked again to see them still pumping, still with no enthusiasm, and no excitement. Hell, he thought, if he'd been fucking around, he wouldn't do it for a static lay! He would sure go all out! If you were going to take all that risk, at least make it worth it!

He looked again, just as he heard his wife say, "Ohhhhhh.. yes, Jerry. Keep that up forever."

Roger saw the kid's head come up and his eyes roll back as if in boredom. Then he said, "Mrs. Goodman, you are the best of them all here. You last much longer than the others." He was obviously trying to complement her, but was having to really work to make it sound more impressive than it was. The kid was bored!

Roger dropped down, digested what he'd heard, and rose again on his toes.

"Now Jerry. You don't have to flatter me. I know we aren't exactly boiling here, but wait till next week. We have a surprise for you! Each of us is doing something different for the first time, and my toy, the last of the four to arrive, got here today. So next week's round will find you seeing all kinds of new things!" She was hoping more than anything to stir the lad up. After all, if she was going to be so low as to be unfaithful, she might as well get the most out of it!

Roger couldn’t believe his ears. Not only was his wife part of a ring being unfaithful to their husbands, but they were conspiring in the process. They’d found their little sex toy and were sharing him! Despite the emotions raging through his heart, his mind continued to analyze and sort the data he was taking in, just as he handled his business, and most of the rest of his life.

Jeanne was obviously happy or satisfied enough, with even this lifeless kid, to have the punk come back more than once. She’d joined, and probably led the bevy of ladies in their infidelity. They were meeting on Fridays, for chrissakes! They were choosing toys together! Comparing notes! This was no less than an organized ring of women conspiring to please themselves at the expense of their husbands and this kid. Then he thought, the kid was getting paid! Goddamnit!!! His own hard earned money was being used to pay this kid to mow the lawn, and service his wife on top, literally!

Roger was no longer interested in watching his wife and lover. His mind was racing for solutions. In any situation where the pressure built like it was right now, he would fall back on his “B-School” training and divorce himself from the emotional forces that would not serve him. He would concentrate instead on the objective and practical possibilities, assess their likely outcomes, and choose the best result to decide on the course of action. 

In this case, he had assembled facts like the fact that there was a group of women involved, probably all from the neighborhood. They met on Friday’s. Each probably took their turn with the gardener at their own homes, and each on different days. He was sure the kid couldn’t perform such a long and lewd act for hours on one woman, only to head to another an hour later.

An idea began to emerge from the mass of data he’d processed into information, and further enhance to become intelligent matter he could deal with. The women wanted sex and were not satisfied with whatever they were getting from their husbands. They loved to plan and scheme to manipulate the kid. They were willing, even eager to purchase new items to expand their envelop of experience. They were so confident in their secrecy, and the predictability of their husbands as to engage in their devious acts right at home. And they were willing to increase the risk so far as to manipulate the payment for their fun from their husbands. A plan was forming in his mind.

He carefully stepped back from the window and walked back to his car, where he sat and thought some more. His next step was to articulate his goals. His wife was cheating on him, albeit with the excuse he was not adequately taking care of her himself. Oh sure, he thought, he wasn’t home until late each night, and then he was too exhausted to perform. It had been some time since they’d made love, a couple months? So he admitted he needed to correct his own performance first. Whatever the plan, it had to involve a much improved libido in him, and increased sexual attention to his wife. 

Next, he had to deal with his wife’s conspiring and the sharing of their sexual condition with others. He wasn’t too keen on the idea that other women knew his wife was unhappy with his sexual prowess, or lack thereof. He could correct the problem of sexual prowess, but the cat was out of the bag now in that the other three women, if no one else, already knew and you can’t take back that knowledge. Something had to be done there.

Third, his wife and presumably the other women were all in need of, or at least desirous of more variety in their sexual satisfaction. They were planning and purchasing for a different kind of sex act each week, on top of talking it up with each other. That made the act a pretty damned important one for them. 

Finally, they were getting off on the risk, of that he was sure. There’s no way they would continue this behavior on such a regular basis if they weren’t. They probably hoped, deep down inside themselves, they’d get caught. Roger reflected on this for a moment, feeling a bit empathetic toward the women, including his wife. If they were so desperate for sexual satisfaction that they were willing risk the end of their marriages to bring the problem to a head, it had to be pretty important indeed. He felt a pang of guilt run up his spine. Had he really driven his wife to this kind of desperation?

An idea flashed through his mind like lightening, passing so fast he nearly lost it. At first consideration, it seemed absurd. But as he thought about it more, and began to add and check details against his objectives, a smile formed on his face. He started the Navigator and turned it around, heading back to his office.

Goodman Enterprise, Five PM, Wednesday

Roger Goodman sat at his desk in a small private office. Until now, he’d not spent much time thinking about privacy, given he was seldom in one spot long enough to be able to use any if he had it. Now however, the ringing phone even bothered him, interrupting his planning for retribution at home, and beyond. 

“Goodman,” He answered into the receiver. As easy as it would have been, he never resorted to the speaker phone to answer a call. It just rubbed him the wrong way.

“Roger, Jack Robinson,” It was the man whose business he’d just acquired, and who had insisted on not staying aboard to see his baby integrated into Goodman Enterprise. “Yes, Jack. How’s retirement?” He was smiling and spoke in a tone that could not be perceived as anything but envy.

“Thanks for asking. That is what I’m calling about, Roger. I know how hard you worked to try and get me to stay on, and how insufferable I must have seemed in refusing you. But I have thought about it, and, well…”

Roger was beaming. He wanted to help the guy eat his crow more comfortably and interrupted, “You’d like to reconsider?”

The man seemed relieved. “Yes, thanks. I’ve been thinking and, well frankly, I am lost already! Just a couple hours with nothing to do and I am going nuts!”

Roger chuckled lightly, reflecting on how he would probably not have lasted two hours in the same circumstances. Once entrepreneurship is in your life, it is forever in your blood. “Jack, I haven’t made any offers yet to anyone else, so why don’t you tell me what you would like, and I’ll try to work around it.”

Jack Robinson was relieved, greatly. He described a normal day where he would probably by his own admission get twice as much done as an average executive employee would. Roger smiled, and suggested the problem would be making sure they kicked Jack out at five each day They agreed on some terms and Roger hung up the phone thinking how lucky he was. Not only did he buy the company cheaper because the founder refused to stay on, but now he had the founder staying on, and for less of a salary!

He also allowed himself to note that this particular turn of events, gave him more time himself, to deal with the problem at home. Time to articulate his plan, make arrangements for what he needed, and execute. Jack would run the new place when he wasn’t around, and the existing business was due to learn how to get along without him from time to time anyway. The whole picture was shaping up. He reflected for a moment, if his plan worked at home as well as everything else today, this was going to be a turning point in his life, and a day he and others would never forget.

68 Seaward Lane, living room, One-oh-five PM, Friday

Jeanne brought the tray of mini-pastries and iced tea to the coffee table within reach of all four ladies. They were dressed casually, two in sundresses and two in halter tops with short skirts, a concession to their enlightened state of mind. And they all had a package beside them where they sat. Had anyone walked in on them at that moment, there would be no question they all had something exciting on their minds for they were beaming smiles and each looking at each other’s packages.
