 One day my wife Sharon announced that her friend Darlene, and Darlene's husband Bob, were coming to visit us the next weekend. Sharon and Darlene had been roommates in college, and I had met Darlene at our wedding a couple of years ago. She was from the Midwest and had a cute cowgirl accent and a very outgoing approach to life. I had thought at the time that she would be pretty hot in the sack.

Bob and Darlene arrived that Friday afternoon. Bob seemed like a regular guy and we hit it off pretty well. Darlene looked just as hot as I had remembered her.

Sharon had made dinner reservations for us at a local restaurant, and so we all went upstairs to change. When I saw the dress that Darlene was almost wearing my eyes nearly popped out. She was showing a lot of cleavage, and a large slit in one side ran up almost to her hips. I tried not to stare at her during the evening, but it was impossible to keep my eyes off her.

Later that evening as we were getting ready to go to bed, Sharon suddenly turned to me and yelled 'You bastard! You spent the whole evening looking at Darlene and ignoring me!'

"No I didn't," I protested weakly. 

"I suppose that you want to fuck her now too!" she shouted. Then she ran over and tried to hit me, but I grabbed her arms and pinned them behind her back.

The door opened and Bob and Darlene came in. Darlene came over to Sharon and took her hand. "It's all right, sweetie," she said. Sharon put her arms around Darlene. "He's such a bastard!" she sobbed.

Darlene stroked Sharon's hair. "You're too hard on him," she said. "You know what men are like. And Bob couldn't take his eyes of you all night."

"Really?" sniffled Sharon, but she seemed to brighten up a little..

Then something totally unexpected happened. Darlene kissed Sharon on the lips. Sharon kissed back. The kiss lasted for a couple of minutes. Then I remembered that they had been roommates in college. Very close roommates apparently!

Darlene broke off the kiss, and then said, "So the way I see it, we can all keep fighting and maybe have some very ordinary sex. Or we can swap partners and see what happens."

Darlene walked over to me, put her arms around my neck, and kissed me. The shocked look on Sharon's face soon turned into a sexy smile. She walked over to Bob, kissed him, and then pulled him down onto the bed.

Darlene pushed me into a chair and sat on my lap. She was wearing a Baby Doll nightie that didn't leave much to the imagination. She sat with her back to me so that she could watch Sharon and Bob on the bed. I started to kiss her neck, but she said "Not yet, Steve, I want to watch first," so I had to settle for squeezing her lovely tits.

Watching Bob and Sharon fuck got me unbelievably horny, and soon Darlene reached down and started to play with her pussy. Then as soon as Bob had come in Sharon, Darlene had a gasping orgasm.

When her breathing had calmed down a bit, Darlene stood up and took off her nightie. Then she pulled me up from the chair and undressed me. "It's out turn now," she said to Sharon and Bob. They both got out of the bed.

Darlene pulled me onto the bed on top of her. My cock was just about at bursting point, as Darlene took it and guided into her pussy. She was nice and tight, just like Sharon was, and yet their pussies felt different somehow. The sensation of fucking another woman while her husband and my wife watched was unbelievable! It took only a few strokes for me to come. Darlene squealed and came at the same time.

We all lay on the bed for a few minutes, and then Sharon got up. She pulled Bob to his feet and led him into the other bedroom. When they had gone, Darlene looked up at me and said, "Wanna fuck me again?"

This time we took things slowly. She worked on my cock with her mouth, expertly, until it was nice and hard. Then I licked her pussy. It felt different, and tasted different, to Sharon's pussy. Not better or worse, just different. And while we fucked Darlene wriggled her ass around in a way that Sharon had never done. It was a great fuck.

Afterwards, Darlene curled up next to me and went to sleep. I was expecting Sharon to come back into our room, but I soon figured out that she was going to spend the night with Bob and so I went to sleep.

The next morning I was startled to find a strange woman asleep next to me, holding my cock. Then I remembered what had happened. I kissed Darlene and she stirred and woke up. "Hi, handsome," she said with a smile.

"Hi, gorgeous," I said, kissing her again. "How about a morning-after fuck?"

"Oh, yes!" she said dreamily.

Darlene made a lot of noise while we fucked, and I guess that she woke up Bob and Sharon, as pretty soon I could hear them fucking. Then a little later there was a knock on the door, and Sharon came in. "Time to get up, sleepyheads," she said.

Darlene stood up and kissed Sharon. They both seemed pretty pleased with themselves. Then Darlene went back to the other room and we all showered and dressed.

At breakfast everything seemed to be completely normal. There was no uneasiness or awkwardness between us, which was great. Then after breakfast the girls decided that they were going shopping. After they had left I took Bob out to the garage to show him my home brew setup. We sampled a few, and then I said to him, "So do you and Darlene swap partners often?"

"No," he said. "That's the first time. What about you and Sharon?"

"Oh no," I said. "We've never done it before. And I've never cheated on Sharon. We started going out at school and before last night I hadn't slept with another woman."

"Well," said Bob, "I've never cheated on Darlene, but I slept with a few other women before I met her. And I know this is a terrible thing to say, but I really miss the excitement of the first time. Because every woman that I've slept with has been different to all of the others."

"Funny you should say that," I said. "I'd always imagined that all women were the same in the sack, that a fuck was a fuck, but Darlene was totally different to Sharon. I'm not saying that she was better, or worse, but it was a whole different experience."

I didn't say anything to Bob, but suddenly I felt that my life would have been less complete if I hadn't slept with Darlene the previous night.

Later that afternoon, Sharon and Darlene returned from their shopping trip. "Let's go for a swim," said Sharon. "We both bought new swimsuits and we want to try them out." So Bob and I changed and waited for the girls. When I saw them I couldn't believe my eyes. Their suits were really tiny. They could never have worn them to the beach, but the pool was totally screened and no-one could see into the yard. My cock responded immediately, and Bob's did the same.

In the pool, Sharon flirted with me and Darlene did the same with Bob, as if nothing unusual had happened between us. I had been hoping for a repeat performance that night, but it looked as thought I was going to have to get by with my memories of the previous night.

We stayed at home for dinner that night. Then after coffee, Sharon stood up and took my hand, and Darlene did the same to Bob. They led us up the stairs and we all went into the main bedroom. Sharon put her arms around Darlene and they kissed. But this time their tongues were working together. Then they slowly undressed each other. Kissing became tit sucking, and then they started to sixty-nine each other. I had never seen two women together before and it was an amazing experience. 

After they had satisfied each other, the girls came over to us. Sharon undressed Bob and Darlene undressed me. Then they lay on the bed, at the edge with their pussies facing us. Bob and I then took it in turns, first a few strokes in one cunt and then a few in the other. We were both able to last a long time, but finally I came inside Darlene and Bob came inside Sharon. 

Again I shared a bed and two more fucks with Darlene and Sharon slept with Bob.

Next morning after breakfast Bob and Darlene packed to leave. As they were leaving, Darlene kissed Sharon on the cheek and Bob and I shook hands. We were just two ordinary couples saying goodbye after spending a pleasant weekend together.