 The drive to Marie Colton's home was filled with conflicting thoughts for Brad. Why were they suddenly so distant with him after having a rousing sexual encounter on Jacqueline Bolivar's pool deck? They seemed to enjoy him and his well-endowed member but did he misread their fondness for him? And what was expected of him now that he signed a contract with Marie? He started having second thoughts as he reviewed contract language and arrangements in his head. Live in the house... Training for Servitude... Medical exam... Tend to the landscaping duties... Be available day and night... Be involved with a monthly auction... Do not question the tasks that his boss would want him to perform. His mind was in a constant turmoil as he negotiated the traffic, trying hard to figure out what the hell he got himself into. As he drove into the large estate, one thing stood out in his mind. If he lost this job, he would be right back where he started... No job and penniless. 

Thinking about the afternoon encounter with the women, Brad smiled as he pulled the sports car into the garage. 'What can be so bad about serving Mrs. Colton? She's smart, very attractive and downright sexy. I think I can handle serving her,' he thought walking out to his work shed. During the rest of the afternoon, he thought about his boss and her sexy attorney, Jacqueline. Every so often he could feel a swelling in works shorts, thinking about how the two aggressive women used his cock and mouth for their pleasure. He wondered if any future sex with them would be the same, with one or both of them taking control. Thinking about how the women ordered him around didn't bother Brad. In fact if the sex was great every time, he wouldn't mind taking orders from either one of them. 

Later, in his apartment as he packed his meager belongings, he told his roommate about his contract and arrangement with his new boss. His roomie, John Stephens, smiled and told him he was "one lucky son-of-a-bitch." As Brad left with his meager belongings, John asked if he could get him a job. Brad only laughed, telling him he would see how it worked out first. 

Arriving at Marie Colton's house just before dusk, he saw a few lights on in the kitchen area and wondered if his boss was home from Jacqueline's house. The thought of knocking on the door occurred to him but he was still a little miffed at how he was treated at Jacqueline's house. If she wanted him, she knew where to find him, deciding to go to the guest cottage and get settled. 

After putting his belongings away, he lay on his bed, thinking of the day's events, wondering how it was going to be working for Marie under the new arrangements. Just as he was about to fall asleep, he heard a car in the driveway. Peeking out the window, he saw the long dark haired girl from Jacqueline's house get out and open the door for Marie. He remembered her name was Anna and when Marie got out, she said some words to the young girl and then pulled her against her body, giving her a deep kiss. Brad wondered what the relationship was between the girl, Marie, and Jacqueline as he watched the kiss end and the young girl got back in the car and drove off. He was about to move back from the window when he saw Marie look up to his second floor room. For a moment he thought she was going to pay him a visit but then she turned and walked to the large house. 

Marie chuckled when she saw Brad standing in the cottage window and for a moment thought of paying him a visit. Instead, she turned toward the house knowing if she went to his room it would ruin their plans for him. She and Jacqueline agreed she would ignore him for a few days to make him wonder what the hell was going on. As she readied for bed, she reminisced about the day. The sex with Brad was more than satisfying and she was looking forward to having him at her beckon call. After he left, Anna had joined them for an afternoon of carnal delights, leaving her exhausted. The thought of the thick strap-on dildo Jacqueline used on her was satisfying but there was something about Brad's thick cock that gave her a thrill. His thick shaft was alive and reacted to their kisses and touches while the dildo was always stiff no matter how long the three of them played with each other. Closing her eyes, she hoped she could leave her hands off Brad for a few days as sleep overtook her.

The next few days seemed to drag by for Brad with continual thoughts of his boss while he worked around the estate. He was surprised not to see, Marie at the pool each morning where she normally sat, going over papers while drinking coffee. He was beginning to think the sex with her and Jacqueline was an anomaly, a one-time afternoon fling. Then on the third day, as he was pruning some bushes, he saw Marie come out of the house. He wondered what she was up to as he turned his back to her and went about pruning some bushes. 

Marie woke up with a smile on her face knowing today was the day Brad would see Dr. Stevens and then tonight would be the big surprise. She had kept her distance from Brad, watching him from a distance rather than try to strike up a conversation. She knew he probably had a lot of questions about what happened that day at Jacqueline's house. They both felt it good to keep him off balance at least for now. So she avoided him knowing that in a few days he would realize what was meant by some of the contract language, specifically his training and his servitude to her. 

Thinking of his hardness, her right hand moved over her thigh until she was touching herself, surprised at how excited she was for tonight. Poor Brad had no clue what was about to happen to him and in few more days she would have complete control of him. The thought of him kneeling before her, hands tied behind his back while she stood over him with a riding crop made her pussy moist with anticipation. Her left hand found her breasts, squeezing and pinching each nipple until they were hard while the fingers of her right hand slipped between the soft folds, rubbing her excited clit. Dreams of Brad kissing her toes, ankles and working his way up her thighs made her moan. The images of what she had planned for him, flickered through her brain and she felt her moistness grow in her pussy. A soft moan escaped her lips as she thought of him bound to the wall in her dungeon, a flogger in her hand, its long leather strands twirling in the air before hitting his erection causing him to moan out in pain and pleasure. Her fingers rubbed her clit harder as each scene played out in her mind until she was gasping for breath. She imagined his tongue on her clit driving her closer to orgasm, as she squirmed on the bed. Then she thought of him, strapped to the leather table, and she was on top of him, riding his cock until she felt that familiar feeling in the pit of her stomach. Suddenly her body jerked and squirmed on the bed, her climax washing over her as the erotic scenes continued to play in her mind.

After coming down from her pleasurable moment, she showered and then put on a red sundress, knowing it would catch his attention. Walking downstairs, she was eager to find Brad and remind him he had to get his physical today. He didn't need to take the physical but it was such a great way to get him ready for the auction tonight. Besides she liked the idea of Dr. Brianna Stevens having some fun with her playthings before they succumbed to the auction. It made it all that much fun when the men didn't suspect what was about to happen to them until they realized the contract they signed made them beholden to her. Walking out onto the stone paver patio looking for Brad, she saw him working in one of the gardens by the gazebo and smiled as she strolled toward him. 

Her eyes over his muscular body from his rugged facial features down to his work shorts, seeing the slight bulge in his crotch. Flashes of his hard cock streamed through her brain as she got nearer to him. "Good morning Brad. How are you doing today?" she asked, trying to act as if nothing had happened. 

Brad was bent over the shrubs when he heard the familiar sound of Marie's voice. Turning to look at his boss he saw the sexy red sundress and smiled. "Ohh, Good morning Ms. Colton. I'm fine and how are you?" His eyes went from her smiling face, taking in the way the sundress clung to her delicious curves. 

"I'm good Brad. You are doing a splendid job trimming around the gazebo."

"Thanks." Brad was silent, wondering if he should bring up the other day as he glanced at the bushes and then back at his boss. "Ms. Colton... About the other day... I ahhh... I was wondering..."

Before he could finish, Marie held up her hand, brushing some long strands of blonde hair behind her ear. "Brad... I'm not here to discuss what happened the other day. You'll find out soon enough. I'm here to remind you about your physical today before you can start to fulfill our contract."

"But... But can't we talk about what happened?" he started to argue.

Marie's face turned from a soft smile to a frown, her hands slid onto her narrow hips, taking a defiant stance. "You signed a contract to obey my wishes and that is what I expect. I don't expect to discuss anything with you that I don't want to discuss. Now are you going to see the doctor?"

Brad shuffled his feet and looked into her determined eyes. With an annoyed voice he answered her, "Yes I'll go see this doctor of yours but I don't know why. I'm in good physical health and you know I'm in good shape from the other day."

"That will be quite enough Brad." Pulling a card from her bosom, he handed the card to him. "Here is the card and address. The Dr. Brianna is expecting you at 1 pm today for your physical and don't be late. I don't like tardiness."

"Yes ma'am. Will that be all?" His voice was tinged with a bit of sarcasm. 

Marie ignored his tone for now and gave him a soft smile. "You can take the sports car and yes Brad that will be all. Now get back to work." Not saying another word, she turned on her heels, walking away, hiding a wicked snicker. She made a mental note to tell Jacqueline about his outburst so she could use it against him. When she got back to the patio, she saw Lisa standing by the table, her coffee cup steaming along with the morning paper. 

"Is everything ok Mistress?" asked the dark raven haired beauty.

"Everything is as it should be Lisa." Picking up her coffee, she took a sip and then glanced back at Brad, seeing him with his back to her, cutting and trimming the bushes. "Just wait until Dr. Stevens gets a hold of you," she chuckled out loud looking at the young woman standing at attention near her.

"Shall I prepare your outfit for tonight Mistress?"

"Yes Lisa. Be a dear and put out an outfit for yourself. You will be accompanying me to tonight's festivities.

"Yes Mistress," she replied glancing up at the new landscaper, pleased that her mistress was allowing her to attend the auction. As she walked to the house, she smiled, thinking about the new employee of Mistress Marie. She had not been formally introduced to him as of yet but from what Anna, Jacqueline's maid, told her on the phone, she hoped that with tonight's festivities, she would get to know him more intimately. 

Brad looked up to see his new boss and her maid on the patio. He knew her name was Lisa and he had seen her around estate but never had the opportunity to meet her. She seemed to keep her distance from him and he wondered if Lisa was like Jacqueline's maid, Anna, waiting hand and foot on her boss. While Lisa seemed to always be dressed in a black and white traditional maids uniform, he thought about Anna, wearing the see-though negligee at Jacqueline's house and then the image of her standing naked behind the French doors caused a mild sensation in his crotch. "What the hell is going on," he mused as he turned his attention to the work at hand. Dismissing any more thoughts of all the women, he worked around the estate all morning, pissed off and convinced he did something to displease Marie. At noon, he took a shower, changed clothes and when he walked out to the garage area, he looked for his boss, hoping to see her before he left. After a few moments, he got into her sports car and headed to the doctor's office. 

Brad looked down at the card, seeing the address, 2338 Wilhelm Street and wondered if he was at the right place. His boss told him he was to see Dr. Brianna Stevens but the building in front of him was not what he expected for a medical facility. The building was located in an old warehouse district that was undergoing a community renovation. The building appeared to be totally renovated but it seemed strange that a doctor would have an office in such a building. 

Looking up and down the street, Brad saw a lot of parked cars on the street and in various parking lots giving the appearance this was an up and coming business area. Looking at the card again, confirming the address, he thought of calling his boss to see if this was the right place. Approaching an opaque glass door with the address scribed into the glass, he thought it was ridiculous and a waste of time to get a physical. The name, Dr. Brianna Stevens, M.D., was etched on a polished gold plaque next to the door. Shrugging his shoulders, Brad whispered aloud as he pushed on the door, "what the hell. I'll be in and out of here and then maybe Ms. Colton will be happy." 

Inside was a well decorated outer office with floral prints on the walls and a cute redheaded receptionist with a sweet smile. He noticed her sparkling eyes scanning his body as he walked toward her. Seeing her name tag, perched on a well-endowed chest, he gave her his best smile and said, "Good afternoon Sarah. I have an appointment with Dr. Stevens."

"One moment please," she said looking at a computer screen. "You must be Mr. Bradley Johnson."

"Yes I am," While she looked at the computer screen, Brad couldn't help but notice the top three buttons on her lab coat were undone giving him a partial view of her yellow lace bra.

Sarah looked up, catching him gawking at her chest and gave him a sweet smile as she cooed, "It will be just a few minutes Mr. Johnson. Please have a seat. We'll need to have you fill out this medical form." Handing him the clipboard, she motioned him to two leather chairs and a leather sofa on the side of the reception area. "Can I get you something to drink? Perhaps a bottle of water?"

"Water would be fine," he answered, turning to the waiting area and selecting one of the soft leather chairs. When he was seated, he glanced around the room as if to confirm that this was a legitimate doctor's office. It appeared to be like any ordinary doctor's office and his fears subsided as he turned his attention to the medical form. Picking up the pen, he chuckled when he put Marie Colton's address as his home address. Reading through the rest of the form, he completed his past medical history and then took it back to the cute redhead receptionist.

Taking the clipboard, she quickly scanned the papers, smiling when she saw his address. "Thank you sir. I see you listed Ms. Colton as your address. Are you working for her?"

"Ahhh Yes I am. Is that ok?"

"Yes sir. We attend to all of her medical needs," she said in a soft teasing tone. "Please have a seat and we will call you when the doctor is ready for you."

"Thanks." Brad walked back to the leather chair, glancing down at the coffee table, seeing a wide variety of magazines from sports to women's issues to science. Picking up a "How to" magazine, Brad flipped through the pages, looking at the pictures and reading some of the headlines. He smiled when the redhead appeared with a bottle of water, bending in front of him, revealing a deep cleavage and more of her yellow lace bra as she set it on coffee table.

"The doctor will be just a few more minutes," she cooed, standing and smoothing out her white lab coat. 

"Thanks." Brad picked up the water and smiled thinking about the Ms. Colton and her attorney, Jacqueline, and what the three of them did a few days back beside Jacqueline's pool. He thought of how it all started with the contract and then the women kissing him. He shifted in the chair thinking about tasting each of their pussies and how they fucked him before stroking his cock until he blasted his cum onto their lips and faces. The images grew more erotic and then he heard his name being called.

"Mr. Johnson. The doctor will see you now."

Brad looked at the pretty redhead standing nearby with a cute blonde dressed in a similar white uniform that was too tight and showed off her luscious curves. He looked at her name tag that was pinned where a nipple would be hiding. "I'm Joanna," she said with an appealing smile, reaching out to offer her hand. 

Taking her small hand into his, he felt her squeeze his large hand as he rose from the leather chair. Following the young nurse through a door and down a corridor, Brad watched her hips sway suggestively in front of him, wondering if she was doing it for him or if she did it for everyone one of the doctor's patients. Stopping in front of an open door, he saw her expressive smile when she looked back at him over her shoulder before entering the room. Following her into the exam room, Brad knew he got caught looking at her luscious rear.

"Please have a seat Mr. Johnson. I have to take your blood pressure and pulse."

Brad sat down and watched as the nurse strapped the arm band around his arm and then pumped air into it. His eyes were glued to her large chest as she bent forward slightly pumping the small black ball. He felt the familiar tightness of the arm band being inflated and when it was sufficiently tight, he looked up to see her smiling at him as if to convey, 'Do you like what you see?'

"Hmmm very good. 120 over 80. You have a very strong heart Mr. Johnson. I see you have a recent cut on your finger. When was the last time you had a tetanus shot?" 

"It's been awhile. I don't know maybe two years. I'm a landscaper so I always get small cuts when I do my work."

"Well I'm sure the doctor will want to give you a tetanus shot just to be on the safe side." Joanna smiled knowing that there would be more in the shot than just the medication for infections. Everyone sent by Ms. Colton was slated for an auction and they would get a shot to sedate them just a little before the festivities began. The shot was for insurance so the person could not get cold feet and back out. Joanna smiled at Brad thinking how the doctor and her staff were well aware of the contract between him and Ms. Colton. 

Picking up a hospital gown from the table, she turned to Brad. "Please remove all your clothes and put this on." Handing the gown to him, her eyes traveled quickly up and down his body and then she smiled. "The doctor will be in to see you in just a few minutes," she said with a slight sexual undertone and a twinkle in her eyes.

Taking the gown, Brad told Joanna, "Thanks." When she turned to walk out of the room, he watched the pretty nurse's hips swaying suggestively. Just as she started to close the door, Joanna turned to give him another soft smile. "Wow," he whispered as the door closed. Removing his clothes, he put on the gown, tying the string around his neck but leaving the waist string undone and then sat on the edge of the cushioned table, looking around the room at the different pictures while he waited for the doctor. When the door opened, he waited expectantly for a plain looking doctor to enter but what he saw made his mouth open and eyes widen.

Dr. Briana Stevens stood in the door frame looking at Marie's newest plaything. She had unbuttoned the top two buttons of her white lab coat before entering the room and was pleased that this man was taking in her body. Marie Colton and Jacqueline Bolivar sent all their new employees to her for a special physical before they were auctioned off to some of their friends. But that was not the case with this new one. Marie told Briana she and Jacqueline had already sampled him and she planned on keeping him after Jacqueline had her way with him after the auction. But she told Brianna to go ahead with her normal routine and enjoy him. 
