 I've always considered myself gay, but I have had a few experiences with women. Mostly back in high school and college, when I was still trying to make up my mind which side of the fence I wanted to be on. There was never anything difficult about it, most girls go for my looks. If I wanted it that way, I'd just go out and get it. I was never with the same girl more than once or twice. That is, until I met Emma.

I was between relationships at the time. Roger and I had split up on fairly good terms just the month before and I wasn't really looking yet. In fact, I wasn't even planning on getting laid when I went down to Buddy's that night. I just wanted to dance, have a few drinks, see some friends, whatever. Then in comes this blonde chick, decked out like Hillary Swank in "Boys Don't Cry," already pretty drunk. She came over to me, flirting and grinning, seriously trying to pass as a boy. I saw through it right away, but I was fairly amused by her boldness. We danced for a while and then sat down to have a drink.

"What's your name?" I asked her.

"Paul," she answered in a ridiculously husky voice.

"Paul," I laughed. "I see through your little disguise, sweetheart. Now, come on, what's your name, really?"

"Emma," she said, not the least bit embarrassed that I'd found her out.

"What's your game, Emma?"

She shrugged. "I like fags."

She told me that she did the man-drag thing occasionally, and that usually she could pull it off. I kind of doubted that, unless the guys she met were either half-blind or fully drunk. She had a thin boyish build, but a very feminine face. Plus she stuffed her jeans so tight it looked like she had a codpiece on under there.

"I bet I get more cock in this place than you do," she teased.

Emma was really bold, making all kinds of sexual cracks, and finally inviting herself up to my place. What could I do? I was bored, marginally horny, and a little curious to see if this girl was all talk or what. I had no idea what I was getting myself into.

The thing I remember most about that first night was Emma, her little ass stuck in the air, saying: "Fuck me like a boy."

I did it, of course. There's honestly not that much difference between boy-butt and girl-butt, and Emma literally took it like a man. I was impressed. Then, before I knew it, I found myself seeing her a few times a week.

I'd never had a girlfriend before, never really wanted one, but Emma was more like a man in bed than any other girl I'd ever been with. She seemed to like it in the ass and in the pussy more or less equally. Plus she gave better oral than some guys I've been with. Most women have no real idea what to do with a cock in their mouth. It takes a guy to really know a guy, but Emma was a world-class cocksucker. She didn't even mind it when I told her I wanted to come on her face instead of in her mouth.

This went on for a few months before I started to get bored fucking somebody who couldn't fuck me back. I think Emma sensed that my interest was waning, because she kept trying to sell me on the idea of a three-way with her psycho girlfriend, Paula.

I wouldn't have pegged Emma as a dyke, but then Emma didn't seem to fit with any type I'd ever met before. Like I said, she almost seemed like a man in a woman's body, so I guess it wasn't surprising that she had a girl. 

I'd met Paula a few times and she was either rabidly jealous that I was screwing Emma on the side, or moony-eyed like she was falling in love with me. Kind of a scary girl, but I don't know what else I should have expected from Emma.

Anyway, Emma was on me all the time to sleep with the two of them at once.

"It's every guy's fantasy," she said.

"Every straight guy's fantasy," I corrected. "Or did you forget that I'm gay?"

Emma frowned at that and nodded. I should known her well enough by then to realize she was formulating a plan in that devious mind of hers.

I didn't hear from her for a while, and I just assumed that she wanted to cool it off a bit. This was just as well for me, because I usually don't like my love life to get so complicated. Little did I know that it was about to get even more tangled and bizarre.

Emma called me a few weeks later and told me to come over to her place, that she had a surprise for me. My curiosity got the better of me and I took the bait. And that's when I met Christian.

Christian, I learned, was a bus boy at the club where Emma worked. She had snared him easily in the spider's web that was her sexuality. He wasn't my usual "type." I tend to go for buff guys, preferably blonde with a mustache or a goatee. Christian was thin and dark-haired, clean-shaven. But he did kind of remind me of my first real boyfriend, David, who I'd gone with back in high school. Some very fond memories there. So I was already interested in him when Emma said: "Christian said he'd do anything I told him to. Anything."

"Really?" I said. Christian looked away, blushing. He was kind of shy, and I liked that too.

"Yeah," Emma went on. "You know what else?"

"What?"

"He's sucked cock a few times, but other than that he's totally straight."

"Hmm," I said. I had confessed to Emma my fetish for straight and bi-curious guys. I like the initiation. Of course, Emma had remembered that. She remembered everything.

We hung out for a while, smoking a joint to relax Christian. The poor guy was really nervous, and kept up this constant chatter that was actually quite amusing. I wound up sitting by him on Emma's couch, moving closer together as the pot warmed us up. Emma sat in a chair across the room.

Emma hooked one leg over the arm of the chair. She was wearing a short skirt, and the girl wasn't big on panties. Personally, I've never understood why straight guys were so amazed by the "no underwear" thing, but Christian stared at her naked pussy as if hypnotized. Maybe he was, because when Emma said: "Kiss him, Christian," he obeyed without hesitation.

At first, his kiss was closed-mouth and tight, but I kissed him back, deeper, tasting him with my tongue and he loosened up. Soon we were making out and getting each other very hot. I put my hand on his lap and felt how hard he was.

"Have you ever kissed a guy like that before?" I asked him when we pulled apart.

"No," he answered, voice shaking.

Emma had a hand between her legs now, stroking herself lazily as she watched us.

"Take off your clothes, Daryl," she said to me firmly.

I usually don't like taking orders like that, but I stood up and undressed, then got back down on the couch beside Christian.

"Touch his cock," Emma commanded Christian.

I was aroused but not hard yet, patient. Christian took my penis in his hand and held it, as if fascinated by its weight. He bent down close, studying it, then slowly began to stroke. I felt myself becoming erect.

"Take it in your mouth," Emma gasped.

Christian kissed the head of my cock, licked the little hole, took me tentatively into his mouth. I could hear Emma's hand squishing into herself across the room and knew that she was probably more turned on than we were.

Christian sucked at me slowly, but with great concentration. I could tell he was inexperienced, but his innocence actually turned me on more.

"That's enough," Emma said after a few minutes. I pulled my penis out of his mouth with a little pop. "Now you get naked, Christian."

Christian nodded, shivering, and tore off his clothes. We were naked together on the couch. Christian was hairy all over and his cock, though a little smaller than mine, was rock-hard and quivering.

"Suck him, Daryl," Emma commanded, plunging four fingers into her cunt with a splat.

He was so on edge, I was afraid he'd come right away. That would have been too bad. I was enjoying this and wanted it to last. But even though I went down on him with my usual expert precision, he had enough control not to shoot off. His cock tasted sweet, with just a faint hint of soap. He'd obviously showered just a few hours before and I appreciated this. I like it clean. I quit working on him when I felt his balls start to get tight and tasted the first few drops of dew glistening on his head.

"Roll over," Emma said, begging now instead of commanding.

Christian hesitated for a few seconds, then said "OK," and offered himself up to me.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" I asked.

"Yes," he said faintly. "Please."

"Is it your first time?"

"Yes," he said again. 

I looked down and saw his asshole, puckered and tight. I remembered how clean he was, so I bent down and licked the brown little hole, teasing it with my tongue, loosening him up. Usually I won't tongue a guy's ass until I knew him quite a bit better, but I was so turned on that I wasn't really in control of my own actions.

Emma, always prepared, tossed me a condom and a tube of K-Y, then went back to work on herself. There was a huge wet spot on the chair between her legs. I worked the lubricating jelly into Christian's ass with my fingers until he was relaxed and ready. Then I slid on the rubber and worked my cock into his virgin ass.

Christian moaned out loud, but pressed back into me. I slid into him deeper until I was buried to the hilt.

"You OK?" I asked him.

"God," he gasped. "Fuck me."

I did, as slowly as I could stand to, Christian moving with me and groaning with me. Across the room, Emma was using both hands now. We were all three on the brink. I reached around and grabbed Christian's twitching prick and gave him two firm pumps with my hand. That was all it took. He spurted a gallon of semen, soaking the couch, his asshole contracting helplessly around my cock. Then I came too, shooting a load so huge I thought it might burst the condom. Emma cried out as she came along with us.

I pulled slowly out of Christian's ass. The three of us slept naked together in Emma's bed that night, too exhausted to do anything else until morning.

The next night was when it started to get truly complicated. Emma invited me over again, assuring me that Christian would be there. Expecting a repeat of the previous night, I came over promptly at seven to find that Emma had prepared a steak dinner, and that Paula would be joining the three of us.

That was Emma's game all along, I suspect. She had used Christian to angle me into a position where I would finally accept Paula. Control was her fetish, and now she had three people connected with strings she had spun herself. I would have walked out on the whole scene if it hadn't been for Christian. I wanted him again, badly, and this was the only way that could happen.

Dinner was eaten in near silence, the weight of what was to transpire heavy on all our minds. Afterwards, there was candles and slow jazz. Red wine and more pot, until our heads swam. Emma led the conversation into round after round of sexual confession, like the drugs we had consumed were a truth serum. The smoke and the wine; the soft light and music; the secrets we had shared. With these weapons, Emma destroyed our defenses. She stood up and spread a down comforter across the floor. Peeling her thin white dress off over her head, Emma stood before us naked. She lay down on the floor, then raised her arm up, holding the last bottle of wine. She upended the bottle, and poured the whole thing all over herself.

"Drink me," she commanded, tossing the empty bottle aside.

Weak and delirious, we obeyed. All three of us went to Emma on the floor and sucked the wine from her skin. From her lips, from her breasts, from her vagina which dripped with its own wine, sweeter than the red.

We were all covered in it, rolling all over one another, kissing whatever flesh happened to find our mouths. I found Christian and kissed him full on the mouth as we tore at each other's clothes. I swallowed his cock when it was free, taking it into my throat, wanting him to fill my stomach with cream. Emma pulled us apart, though.

"You need to fuck Paula, Christian," she said. "Daryl, I want you in my cunt."

I pinned her to the floor and drove my huge swollen prick into her tight wine-drenched pussy, grinding it in. She moaned and dug her claws into my back, trying to pull me deeper inside. I shot into her so hard we both cried out, then I rolled off, spurting into the air. Her cunt dripped with white honey.

"Christian," she said breathlessly. "Daryl just filled my pussy with cum. Hurry and suck it out. Oh, God, eat it out of me."

Christian was fucking Paula, her big tits flopping as he drove it into her. But at Emma's command, he pulled out and buried his face in Emma's pussy. Christian gobbled my cum, sucking it greedily, his chin dripping with slime.

Paula was looking up at me, wide-eyed.

"I've never seen one as big as yours," she said. "Can I suck it?"

I looked down at her little pink tongue and soft lips. My prick, still dripping cum, twitched back to life as soon as she took me in her mouth.

Emma couldn't stand not to be the center of attention for very long. She slid over to where Paula and I were.

"You have to go down on me, baby," she told Paula. "Christian just can't do it like you can. Don't worry, I'll take care of Daryl."

Smiling, Emma took me into her mouth as Paula went down between her legs. I laid back and saw Christian's cock pointed right into my face. I sucked him in and saw that he was going down on Paula's pussy. The four of us formed a perfect circle of mouths sucking delicious cocks and cunts, dripping with all the juices mixed up salty and sweet. Christian exploded in my mouth at the same exact moment I shot off in Emma's and I knew both the girls were coming, too. All of us, in a spinning weightless spiral of orgasms, drank one another's cum like starved cannibals.

I held Christian in my arms, the taste of his semen still on my lips, and whispered that I loved him into his ear. He didn't answer, but he didn't push me away. Instead, he rolled over to face me so we could kiss. I tasted the pussy on his lips and for once I liked the taste.

That was a good night, as good as it ever got. We were together three weeks after that, but those three weeks contained as much hell as they did heaven. I prefer to end it there, as we all lay on the floor waiting until we could do it again.