 I ran into Deb and Stan by chance on a business network site. I had worked with Deb at a company years ago. I left the company while she had stayed. We stayed in touch for a while and right after she met and married Stan we drifted apart.

Actually Stan reached out to me through the biz site asking me if I still did some work that he was in need of. We met and began a small business relationship. Eventually, the four of us went out to dinner. 

My wife, Lauren, is a petite brunette, who although is in her early 50's looks like she's in her early 30's. Lauren's a small beauty with a great pair of perky tits and is simply cute as can be.

Deb had put on a little weight but the outstanding thing about Deb was and will always be her luscious big tits. She's about 5'4" long blonde hair, big brown eyes, lips to match and always joking. How did I know about her tits -- I'm glad you asked. Deb and I had at one time had a three-year affair. We met at work had it off and I was in the throws of a marriage at the time that was on the skids. However, Deb realized I wasn't going to leave my previous wife as I had two smell kids and didn't want to lose them. It ended on amicable terms. We had continued seeing each other for a while after she had met and started dating Stan. Like I said I left my job at the time and our relationship ended. A few years later my marriage ended. And a few years after that I met my current wife, Lauren.

Dinner went great. We caught up on all the family and kids things and talked about Stan and my upcoming business venture. When we said good night Deb planted a kiss on my lips rather then on my cheek. Stan and Lauren didn't notice as they hugged so long.

About three days later I received an email from Deb giving me her cell number and asking me to call her. At first I thought she wanted to discuss the potential of the business, because at dinner I got the feeling she was concerned about the business as Stan had hit a long bad stretch in business. But, after a few hours my daydreaming kicked in and I thought what a great time we had years ago. Deb was a fantastic fuck. She was undoubtedly the best blowjob I had ever had. She really got into oral sex and she always begged me to cum in her mouth. She really got off on it -- so of course I obliged.

I called Deb the next day. "Hi it was great seeing you the other night," I said when she answered the phone.

"Yeah, she answered, It's been so long. I mean it's been too long."

"So what's up?" was all I could blurt out.

"Would I be out of line if I asked if you would meet me for coffee?"

"Is anything wrong?"

"No, oh no," Deb quickly said. "I'd just like to meet and well catch up and, well I do have a couple of business questions I'd like to ask."

"Deb, is everything alright?"

"Yeah, yeah, well I...uh..Listen Dan can I be honest?"

"Best policy," I shot back.

"Well seeing you again, it was real nice. It just all came back and I can't get what happened out of my mind. Listen, maybe this was wrong on my part. Forget I called. I'm really sorry I didn't mean to put you in an uncomfortable...."

"Deb, Deb, slow down. It was great seeing you again. I mean really it was. I don't mind meeting you for coffee. I OK with that."

"Really?"

"Yes"

"You don't mind?"

"Just name the time and place."

Deb suggested we meet the next day for lunch at a place that was so far off the beaten path I'd need Lewis & Clark to find it, but find it I will.

Deb looked great. She had been waiting and jumped up and hugged me when I walked up to the table.

"I'm glad you decided to meet me. I know it made you feel uncomfortable, but I'm still glad you met me."

"It's just that it took me by surprise. It wasn't that I didn't want to meet with you -- I was just surprised."

"I have to be honest and up front Danny, after seeing you for the first time in more than 20 years brought back so many great memories."

"I admit I did some reflecting myself."

"If I had known you would eventually get a divorce you'd be mine."

"Is everything ok between you and Stan?"

"Yeah, oh yeah. But to be honest Stan and I have an open marriage."

"Define open," I asked.

"About 5 years ago I caught Stan having an affair. I was pretty upset, but when he explained it was just sex I rethought my position. I asked him if he would've been upset if I had fooled around. He said that he would, but if I had asked him first he would've let me."

"This is really surprising," I said.

"Wait it gets better. Stan suggested we start swinging. For a moment I didn't know how I'd handle watching another woman with Stan -- then I thought the doors it would open for me and I told him, let's do it."

"Really, swinging. Deb I would never have thought that you would ever share."

"Our sex life had gotten stale -- I admit that. So what would've been the alternatives? I mean we still loved each other, but the sex was too mechanical. So why not. I mean if we're both swinging what's the big deal?"

I didn't know where Deb was going with this. She had essentially blurted out Stan and her sex life in detail. But now I wondered why she was telling me.

"So that doesn't answer why you wanted to meet with me...or does it?"

"It does. I want to be intimate again with you."

"I'm flattered, but I don't want to risk my marriage Deb."

"First answer me," Deb asked, would you like to fuck me again?"

"Absolutely," I blurted turning a bright crimson.

"Well that's a relief. I guess the only question now is how. I don't want to have an affair. It's not right for either of us. And as far as I'm concerned -- I don't have to. Stan doesn't mind sharing as long as he gets his slice of action."

"Deb, Lauren's not even going to remotely consider swinging."

"Why don't the two of you plan on coming to a cookout at our house in a couple of weeks and see what happens."

"Cookout?"

"It's actually a swingers party. Just come and let things happen. Trust me she'll get into it."

"Really? I know Lauren and she won't have anything to do with it."

"Trust me on this."

A couple of weeks later Lauren and I were getting ready to go to Deb and Stan's for the cookout. She was completely oblivious to what was going to happen. As for me I felt like a kid going on my first date. I had no idea what to expect, but was anticipating one helluva night. It was either going to be one great time, or something I would never live down. I knew one thing -- I had to play innocent. Yet deep down I had my own doubts as to how I would feel sharing my wife with someone else. Part of me already felt jealous just thinking of some stranger being intimate with Lauren.

I really didn't know how I'd react to watching Lauren fucking another man, if she'd even consider no less. One thing I did know was that I couldn't wait for the opportunity to feel Deb's lips around my cock.

Lauren looked fantastic in tight jean shorts and a white blouse. I tried to act as casual as I could, but I was beginning to think my anticipation was a little too obvious.

We arrived at Stan and Deb's. Lauren grabbed the salad she had prepared and I grabbed the bottles of wine out of the car. We walked up to the front door.

"Wow seems like there's a lot of people here," Lauren said as I knocked on the door.

Deb answered the door wearing a tight tee shirt and very short shorts. She looked fabulous.

"Hi and welcome. Come right in," Deb said over her shoulder as she led us to the kitchen. "Here give me the salad -- put the wine over there with all of the other liquor."

Deb led us through the house, people smiled at us, but Deb didn't bother to introduce us to anyone.

"Let me show you the house and then you can get some food, drink and mingle."

The house was huge and Deb showed us all the rooms. There must've been at least eight bedrooms between the basement and second floor.

When she was done she left us alone and Lauren turned quickly to me. "Why did she show us the bedrooms? And why are some of the women practically naked in their skimpy bikinis? What's going on Dan?"

I grabbed Lauren by her shoulders and said, "Listen honey I believe this is a swingers party."

"What the..." Lauren said almost loud enough for everyone in the living rom to hear.

"You know, swingers...wife swapping."

What are we doing here? Does Deb think that you and me are swingers?"

"Well not exactly. She invited us to share with us their lifestyle. If it's something that we're not up to then we can leave."

"Dan..what, I don't understand. I mean, you knew? Is this something you'd like to do?"

"I don't know. I mean I'm not sure, but I'd like to push the envelope and see."

Lauren smiled and stared at me for a long moment. "Are you game Dan? I mean I don't know if I could fuck some stranger and I certainly don't know if I want to share you with anyone."

"Let's dabble a little and see what happens, ok?"

Lauren leaned close to me and brought her lips next to my ear. She licked my ear and whispered, "Alright, but I want us in the same room. I want you to watch me and I want to watch you."

"Let's go meet some people."

We walked out to the hot tub in the back yard and saw several couples in various stages of nakedness in the tub fooling around. We watched as one woman had her ass in the air while her partner had his face buried between the cheeks of her ass.

Another woman was slowly deep throating a man. She slid his cock down her throat so slow as to give everyone a good demonstration of her incredible talent.

"This is incredible," said Lauren in a pleasantly surprised tone. "They haven't any inhibitions."

"And they're having fun," I whispered in her ear.

"You know what surprises me most, said Lauren, I'm kind of getting horny."

I looked at her as a big grin spread across her face.

"So what do you think? Wanna have some fun?"

"Just le me go at my own pace."

"Do you mind if I go at mine?"

She squeezed my hand. "Promise me that if I want to leave -- you won't hesitate, we'll just leave."

"I promise."

"And if I hook up can we do it in the same room, together. I think that will make me a little more comfortable."

"Ok."

"I'll go get us a drink. Wine -- OK?"

"Fine. I'm going to hang out here."

I left Lauren by the hot tub and went to get us a drink. Deb was standing by the bar as I grabbed a bottle of Chardonnay and began pouring a glass for Lauren.

"Where's Lauren?" Asked Deb.

"I left her by the hot tub."

"How did she react?"

"Better then I thought. She's all for it, although she asked if we could leave if she decides it's not for her."

"Well that's a better start then I thought." Deb patted me on my ass and leaned close to my ear. "Bring her a drink and let's go find a quiet spot."

I smiled and winked. "Be right back." 

I walked back out to the hot tub area and was shocked to see Lauren in the tub. She had on her shirt, but I wondered if she was still wearing her panties. She was talking to a couple in the tub. I didn't know whether to interrupt, or just watch from a distance. I decided to give her a little space and stayed my distance.

The couple she was talking talking to looked to be in their mid forty's. The woman was a tall red head who was wearing her bra. Her significant other had his arm around her shoulder and they seemed to be trying to make Lauren more comfortable. The man reached out and wrapped his free arm around Lauren's shoulder and all three started laughing. The man leaned up against the side of the tub as Lauren and the red head stood on each side of the man. The man stood up to exhibit his rigid cock and Lauren put her hand over her mouth and giggled. The red head, which I assume was his wife grabbed his cock and started to stroke it. They both looked at Lauren as if to say that it was now her turn. Lauren slowly reached out and wrapped her hand around his cock just as his wife let go. After a moment the man reached for Lauren's shirt and began to take it off. Lauren raised her arms to help him take it off. She stood there in her bra and reached again for is cock.

I was at a crossroads of jealousy and lust. At that moment Debbie came up to me and said, "Well I guess it didn't take her long to join the fun."

"No, I guess not. But I am a little surprised. Do you think I should interrupt with her drink?"

"Sure. It will let her know you approve."

I walked over and called out, "Hey sweetie here's your drink."

She quickly turned around and moved away from the couple to take her drink.

"I hope you're not mad, but this was your idea."

"I know. And I'm not mad. Just a little surprised that it didn't take you long."

"Well, why not? So did you meet with anyone?"

"I'm just going to hang out with Deb. If you need me I'll be inside."

"Well okay." And she smiled a devilish grin and returned to the couple.

I turned and walked back to Deb. "So let's go find that quiet place."

"You're on," Deb said and led me away.

She led me through the house and up to a large bedroom that had two queen size beds in it. On one bed was a man with two women taking turns licking his cock. Both women were quite voluptuous bordering on a little fat. Nonetheless the man was clearly enjoying every minute as both women vied for servicing his engorged cock.

Deb took my drink and put it on the nightstand as she sat on the edge of the bed. She patted the mattress indicating for me to sit next to her. I sat down a little nervous. I just left my wife with another couple, surprised that she had so easily taken to swinging. 

"Well it been a long time between sips Danny," Deb said as she placed her hand on my thigh. I looked up into her eyes and all at once was flooded with so many feelings. On one hand I admittedly was a little jealous of what Lauren was doing and about to do. And yet, I looked into Debbie's eyes and began to feel a sense of lust that I hadn't felt for a long time.

I kissed Deb on her lips. She responded passionately by softly nibbling my lower lip. Her hand slowly moved to my inner thigh and she gently rubbed my cock through my pants. She stood up and pushed me to lie down on the bed. She pulled her shirt off to reveal a beautiful white lace bra overstuffed with her breasts. She began to crawl on top of me pulling my shirt out of my pants and began kissing my stomach and chest. Her lips found mine again as her tongue danced with mine. I reached around to unfasten her bra to free her breasts from their confinement. Feeling her breasts on my chest caused me to roll her off of me so I could wrap my lips around her nipples. As I sucked on each nipple bringing them to a hard point I reached down with my hand to find her womanhood. To my surprise Deb had shaved her pussy to a smooth finish. She noticed my surprise. "You like my Brazilian?" I looked into her eyes. "I love it. I've begged Lauren to shave her pussy for a long time with no luck."

"Well sweetie put that tongue on my clit and enjoy."

Without a moment's lapse I kissed her stomach and licked my way down to her moist womanhood. I swirled my tongue in teasing circles around her pussy. She reached down and grabbed my head to push it into her dripping mound of Venus.

"Please stop teasing and eat me," she whispered. I started licking every part of her pussy like a starved animal. She pulled toward my legs and reached down to pull my underwear off. "I want to suck your cock. C'mon hon let's play sixty-nine."

I rolled her on top of me and buried my face in the crack of her ass and continued licking. She was on top of me straddling my face as she stroked my cock. Slowly she swirled her tongue around its head stopping to lick under its head. Her tongue flicked across the spot she remembered always drove me wild. She inched her lips around the head of my cock and ever so slowly slid her lips and mouth to engulf all of it. Deb loved to suck my cock and always wanted me to cum in her mouth. But that would have to wait until I had all of her in a variety of positions.

She arched back as my cock fell out of her mouth. "You're going to make me cum too quick she whispered. Please stop for a minute. " I stopped as she continued sucking and licking my cock.

"Finally we found you." Laurens voice broke our intimacy.

I looked over in the doorway and saw Lauren standing with another woman and three men. They came over to our bed and joined us. Lauren was still wearing her wet panties and bra.

"Looks like you guys are having fun. Mind if we share the bed?"

Deb grinned and said, "Find a spot and join us." And she continued sucking my cock.

I could see above Debs leg and ass as one of the men kneeled behind Lauren on the bed and unfastened her bra. Her tits fell out still damp from the hot tub. He cupped both breasts and started kissing her neck. Lauren turned around and pulled his bathing suit off as his hard on sprung free. She reached down and started pumping it as she kissed him. He was rubbing her nipples as she bent over and Started licking his cock. A second man got behind Lauren and buried his face in the crack of her ass. She turned around and told him to lick her asshole and her pussy. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Lauren had always been very sensitive and non-cooperative about any desire I had for anal sex with her. Watching her now I saw a very different side of my wife. Not one but two men were handling her and she was telling them how to fuck her.

Lauren continued sucking the cock of the man in front of her when the third man and woman joined her and her two cocksmen. The man behind Lauren kneeled and took his cock in his hand and started rubbing her pussy with it. Lauren stopped sucking the man in front's cock and moaned, "I'm so fucking hot. I want all three cocks in me." I was shocked, turned on and jealous all at once.

The man in front of Lauren pulled her on top of him as she reached down to guide his cock into her soaking cunt. As she began grinding her hips into him she looked behind her and told the second man to fuck her ass. He reached over and got a tube of KY Jelly and lubricated his cock. He slowly entered Lauren's ass as she let a quiet scream. As both men slowly fucked her she grabbed the third man's cock and pulled it to her lips. She slid her mouth over it practically to its base. The third woman came over to Deb and I and lay down aside of us. Deb got off of me and told her to join Deb in sucking my cock. "Danny you're too good with that tongue. Let me cool down while the both us take care of you." On each side of me Deb and the third woman began licking my cock. I thought I must have been dreaming. Three men were fucking my wife at once as two women were sharing my manhood. I always had incredible stamina, but I began to doubt how long I could hold off before I erupted.

The woman, that was sharing my cock with Deb turned to me and said, "Mind if I sit on your face?"

"Gimme your pussy," I told her. She moved up and straddled my face. I buried my tongue in her moist quim. She bent down and continued sucking my cock with Deb.

I couldn't see Lauren because of the woman playing sixty-nine with me, but I could hear her. Although her mouth was full of cock, actually she was all full of cock -- she was practically screaming with pleasure.

"I'm gonna fucking cum," Lauren moaned. "Fuck it feels so good. Please fuck me harder. Oh God, I'm coming."

The woman on my face crawled off of me as Deb got on top of. "I want you inside of me." She guided my cock into her pussy.

"Fuck, Deb -- you're still as tight as ever." Deb had the tightest pussy I ever fucked. In fact the first time we made love, my cock was sore for a few days.

Deb started grinding her pussy in slow pumping motions.

"Danny, don't cum inside of me. I want you to cum in my mouth."

"Just like always," I answered. "Yeah. I love your taste."
