 Note: This is a sequel to my earlier story "Threesome Amongst Friends".

*****

Things had gotten kind of awkward with Melanie and Lauren, after we'd had the quintessential college experience of having a wild threesome. It didn't surprise me that Lauren would be uncomfortable with the whole thing because she had always been very shy, but even the normally extroverted Melanie didn't really want to acknowledge that it had happened. The very next day after it occurred, I took a seat right next to both the girls in class. I made a brief allusion to the tryst we'd had the night before, but Melanie made a point of saying it was fun, but it was strictly a one time thing. Lauren agreed, saying it was really just a product of us being drunk, even though none of us had really drunk that much before the affair.

For a few weeks I decided to just drop the whole thing, but during those weeks I didn't get any action, and stroking myself while thinking about the threesome just wasn't cutting it. I desperately needed some pussy, and I hoped Melanie would be the one to give it to me. While at a party that Melanie was attending, I tried to coerce her into coming home with me, but she resisted, saying, "Look, you've got a nice cock, and you were a great fuck, but I'm just not that kind of girl. It was a great night, but right now I'm looking for something a little more serious."

Two more months passed and in all that time I only got laid once. I interacted plenty with both Melanie and Lauren, but our interactions were focused strictly around studying for our biology class. If Melanie had succeeded in getting into a serious relationship with anyone during that time I didn't hear about it. 

Although studying with Melanie and Lauren was no longer proving fruitful for my love life, it definitely helped me in class. My grades were good all semester long, and after taking the final exam I was pretty confident I was going to get an A. Melanie and Lauren also felt confident about their grades, and all three of us were extremely relieved when the class was done. To celebrate a semester of hard work, the three of us joined the other thirty or so students in our study section for an end of the semester beach bash.

The party couldn't have happened on more beautiful day. It was 80 degrees out without a cloud in the sky, which meant it was perfect bikini weather for all the girls in class. Many of the girls looked great in their bikinis, but I couldn't help but notice that Melanie and Lauren looked the best. Melanie was wearing by far the most risque bikini of anyone there. Her tiny blue top was just barely large enough to hold her giant boobs, and the matching skimpy thong bottoms gave a perfect view of her big, plump ass. Although the other girls in the class kept saying her bikini was "cute" it was obvious they were green with envy, and were definitely calling her a slut behind her back. Lauren's bikini looked equally sexy on her, but also left much more to the imagination. She wore a strapless red top that nicely accentuated her medium sized tits and flat stomach, and black semi-thong bottoms that showcased the lovely bottoms of her butt cheeks. Her brown, Asian skin was glistening in the hot sun, and her pierced naval and flat stomach were certainly arousing every guy there.

The party got off to a great start. People swam, surfed, played volleyball, and drank a ton of cheap beer. Before she'd gotten any drinks in her, Melanie had mostly been hiding her wonderful ass, laying on her back and not joining in on any of the activities. But once she'd gotten tipsy, she was intentionally teasing everyone on the beach by swaying her ass in exaggerated fashion as she walked, and rubbing it down with tanning oil. In took every ounce of strength I could muster not to grab a handful of cheek when she bent over a mere inches from me while she went to pick-up a volleyball, and I was not alone. 

For her part Lauren also let loose a bit after having some beers, and certainly seemed to be looking for some action. She was dancing with any guy that would have her, and had no qualms about shaking her ass right in the guy's lap as she did so. I danced with her for a few minutes, and she was laughing and having a ball as she seductively rubbed tanning oil all over my cut, tanned torso.

Later in the day while everyone in our group was either out swimming or off playing soccer, I found myself lying next to Melanie with no one else around. She was lying face down, so I sat up so I could stare at her phenomenal ass. We'd been making light conversation for a few minutes when she asked if I could rub her sunscreen in for her. It was an offer I couldn't refuse, so I got on my knees, pushed her dirty blonde hair away from her neck, and worked the lotion into her back. "Don't forget about my bum," she said. "It doesn't get a lot of sun, and I'd hate for it to get burnt."

Melanie was a fairly pale girl to begin with, but her ass wasn't that much whiter than the rest of her body. In fact, the only tan line she had was an ultra-arousing thong tan line that she must've gotten wearing a more conservative thong some other time. I made sure to rub plenty of sunscreen in along those tan lines, as well as on the rest of her titillating behind. At first I was trying to apply the sunscreen in as nonsexual a fashion as possible, but her muted moans caused me to start applying it a little more vigorously, and she responded, "Mmm, that feels good. Mmm. Massage it for me."

I followed her directions and started grabbing handfuls of flesh. Her moaning became a little more pronounced, and I even started lightly spanking her. She liked that. In fact she liked it so much, she reached up and started playing with my junk through my thin board shorts. This kept up for about a minute before she commanded me to lie down.

I did as she said, and we both turned to face each other. Within seconds we were making out, and I had my hands all over her ass. I attempted to push her thong to the side so I could finger her, but she pushed it away. "Easy there, tiger," she said. "We are out in public you know."

"But you've got me so horny," I responded.

"I can tell," she said alluding to my steel hard cock. "Let's just be discreet, that's all."

She preceded to grab her towel and throw it over our bodies. "Let's get you out of these," she said as she helped me untie my shorts and shimmy them down to my knees.

We continued to make out as she jacked me off under the towel. While her hand was busy doing that, I was busy running mine all over her ass. She was enjoying it, but wanted more. Tenderly she grabbed my right hand and placed it under her string bikini, and right on top of her misty snatch. As she kept stroking me, I alternated between rubbing her hardening clit and penetrating her with two fingers. 

Even though I was mostly lost in the throes of passion, I did my best to keep a lookout to make sure no one was watching. It was amazing. She was giving me the most intense handjob of my life, twisting her fingers around the head of my penis like she was trying to open a bottle of beer. I should have been entirely happy with that, but I was feeling greedy. "I want your mouth," I said in between moans of the utmost pleasure.

"Yeah? You want me to suck you?"

"Put your mouth on me," I repeated while placing my left hand on her head. 

She kissed me for a few more seconds then removed her lips from mine, and twirled her tongue around in my ear. "I'd love to pleasure you like that, but I don't think it's a good idea to do that here. But I do have a better idea," she whispered ever so gently in my ear before turning around so her back was facing me.

I kissed her neck as I toyed with her pussy from behind. She reached behind, formed a tight grip on my penis, and stroked me up and down right before pushing my cock up into her ass crack. I took my fingers out of her wet pussy, spread her butt cheeks, and slid my rod in the crack, right up against her slutty little thong. She pulled her thong to the side. "Mmm, I love your big dick," she said, right as she took a hold of my throbbing member.

With my horn held firmly in her hand, she placed the head right up against her pussy, and rubbed it over her clit. As she did so I caressed her massive melons, pinching and playing with her nipples. She was breathing heavy. "Oh! Oh! Oh my god! Oh yeah! Mmm! Oh you make me so wet," she moaned.

Then suddenly she slid my cock inside her wetness. Surprised at being invited into the promised land, I reacted by thrusting fast and violently. The rhythmic slapping of my torso slamming against her ass was nearly as loud as the sound of the waves crashing on the shore. I badly yearned to explode in her voluptuous ass, and I knew I'd have to be quick. She was practically screaming with pleasure. "Oh, oh," she yelled, "Give it to me! Oh yeah! Fuck me harder! Umm!" Oh!"

This kept up for a little while before she grew nervous that we were being too loud, and would get caught, so she told me to slow it down. If she hadn't I would've cum right inside her tight pussy, but slowing things down gave my horny dick a nice little break. For a minute I simply kept my pulsing penis inside her love tunnel, as she gripped it with her talented pussy. While in this position, I brushed her voluminous hair, and covered her bare shoulders with tiny kisses. Wanting to feel my hard wood hitting her g-spot, Melanie resumed grinding her ass up on my shaft. She did this in a very slow manner, allowing ever inch of my manhood to feel the iron clad grip of her pussy. "I love fucking your tight pussy," I whispered in her ear.

"And I love riding your big dick," she whispered back.

I resumed thrusting my meat into her tight slot, but at a turtle's pace. I couldn't wait to shoot a load of warm cum inside her, but before I got the chance we noticed some of our classmates getting out of the water, and heading in our direction. Acting quickly as possible, I took my dick out of Melanie's pussy and wrapped the towel around my waste. There wasn't enough time to put my trunks back on, so I scrunched them in a ball and shoved them in Melanie's purse. It was a close call, but we resumed casual positions in the nick of time.

To even the casual observer, it must've been obvious that something was up. Melanie had some pretty classic sex hair going, there was a substantial bulge underneath my towel, and both of us were very sweaty, including quite a bit of glistening sweat on Melanie's inner thighs. However, if anyone suspected something, they remained mum. In fact, with the exception of Lauren, everyone that had been swimming only stuck around for a couple minutes drying off before heading to the courts to play volleyball. Lauren lay down next to me, opposite Melanie. "You're not fooling anyone," she said as she ripped the towel away from me.

My cock was still rock hard, and resting flat against my stomach. Lauren place her hand on it and laughed. "I forgot how hard you can get," she said in between giggles.

"I love this hard dick," Melanie said before leaning over to kiss it.

Not that I wanted to complain about getting my dick touched, kissed, and complimented, but I had to speak up. "Jesus! Can you give me my trunks back! I don't want anyone else to see my like this."

Melanie reached into her purse to give me what I was asking for. "Fine, fine. I just wanted to look at it some more. Or maybe even play with it. Do you want to play with it Lauren?"

She laughed, and as she did I was fully concentrated on her beautiful face. Her long black hair was tied back in a ponytail, which made the tight, smooth skin on her face look even more appealing. And her sexy, sexy mouth. I couldn't help but look at that as her lips erotically quivered while she laughed. It was so tiny and delicate and at that point in time there was nothing in the world I wanted more than to have my dick inside it. When she finished laughing, Lauren answered, "I haven't had a good screw in a while, but I don't think this is a very good spot."

"How about the bathroom?" I suggested.

Lauren shook her head. "That doesn't sound like a much better idea."

"Yeah, even I have to agree," Melanie responded in agreement.

I began to argue my case. "It'll be fine, trust me. All we have to do is slip into the guys' bathroom. No one ever uses it because guys always just piss in the ocean."

"So what," Lauren replied snidely. "You just expect the two of us to suck your dick in some dirty bathroom stall?"

"No, no. Not all all," I said reassuringly. "They've got nice showers in there with hot water and everything. And if you pleasure me, don't think I won't pleasure you."

The back and forth went on a bit longer, but eventually I got the girls to agree to my plan, with Lauren even saying, "I just hope you know how to eat pussy."

The bathroom was pretty nearby where everyone was playing volleyball, so we had to be sneaky making our way over there. Luckily we slipped in without anyone noticing, and once inside Melanie walked over to the shower and turned it on. "You guys ready to have some fun?" she asked.

Lauren grabbed me by the hand, and led me towards the shower, which was just one of a couple in a wide open area. Letting my hand drop, Lauren took hold of Melanie, putting her small hands on Melanie's plump ass. The girls began to make out as I stood next to them not knowing what to do with myself. Things got hot and heavy real quick, and it wasn't long before the tops came off.

Rather than continue to stand around like a jackass, I walked up behind Melanie and reached my arms around both girls, resting my hands on top of Lauren's skanky thong. The girls kept tonguing each other while I kissed Melanie's ears and neck from behind. I could feel my cock rising under my trunks, and I guess Melanie also felt it brushing up against her ass. "Looks like someone else could use a kiss," she said, reaching her arm behind and slipping her hand down my pants.

"That's it," I said. "I know you want to kiss him."

Melanie smiled. "I want to kiss and lick you in a very special way. What about you Lauren, do you want to suck him."

"I think he's waited long enough," she said, separating herself from Melanie. 

I leaned back against the wall, right underneath the shower head, and both girls knelt down in front of me, as they got ready to pay homage to my lustful cock. Lauren untied the drawstring on my shorts, and both girls helped pull them down to my ankles. My big, semi-erect penis came flopping out. "You're about to get blown by two girls, and you're not even hard?" Lauren said, surprised.

I got embarrassed. "I'm sorry. I've been drinking all day."

"I think we can help you with that," Melanie said as she started to lick the fleshy tip of my horny cock.

While Melanie was salaciously licking my mushroom tip, Lauren licked the shaft up and down like an ice cream cone. My cock responded in kind, and in seconds I was completely hard. The girls continued to lick and kiss it, but neither one of them actually put in in their mouth. In between french kissing my penis, the girls also frenched each other. It was quite the turn on knowing the girls could taste my cock on one another's lips.

Melanie was the first to take me fully in her mouth, as she slid her luscious lips up and down my meaty rod. As Melanie engulfed my manhood, Lauren pressed her tongue up against my tight balls, and licked them like a dirty little slut. I had each of my hands on their heads, giving me a feeling of total control. "You girls like licking that dick?" I asked.

Lauren ignored my question and kept servicing my ball sack with her dirty tongue, but Mel took her mouth off me long enough to say, "I love licking you. Do you like it when I lick you like this?"

She preceded to flick her tongue on the underside of my helmet. Being the most sensitive spot on my penis, it caused a little pre-cum to ooze out. Melanie lapped it up like a kitten drinking milk. "You taste so good," she said. "I can't wait to drain your hose."

Never in my life had I had my balls licked as lovingly as Lauren was licking them, and combined with Melanie gulping down my shaft like it was her last meal, I feared Melanie's wish would be granted sooner than I had hoped. But my deliverance came in the form of my friend James. As I was getting my dick worked by these two blowjob fiends, James came strolling into the bathroom. The girls both had their backs turned to him, and at first they didn't even notice he had come in. Melanie had lifted my shaft up in to my stomach and both girls were tenderly sucking my balls as James watched from afar. It was tremendously arousing to have James witnessing these two sex goddesses putting my balls in their mouths like common whores. All I could do was give James a quick thumbs up. 

I was hoping that after getting treated to a free show, James would just quietly leave the bathroom, but naturally he wanted in on the action. "So Mike," he asked. "Are you gonna share the wealth or not?"

Both girls turned around startled, with Lauren hopping to her feet and covering her breasts. Melanie remained on her knees and lightly stroked my cock as she looked at James. "Get outta here James!" I said sternly.

"Come on man," he pleaded. "This is too good to pass up."

"Oh my god, I knew this was a bad idea," Lauren said, feeling extremely ashamed. "Could you please just leave and not tell anyone about this?"

"I don't know, I don't think I'd be able to resist telling everyone that I saw the quiet Asian girl that always sits in the back of class on her knees sucking Mike off."

Just when it looked like everything was about to go to hell, Melanie saved the day. "Would everyone just chill out," she said. "I say the more the merrier. Look James I'll give you head, but you have to give me some first."

"Are you kidding?" James exclaimed enthusiastically. "That's a deal I'd take any day of the week."

"I'm sorry, but I can't do this," Lauren said as she went to retrieve her top. 

Sensing my fantasy flying out the window, I grabbed her by the arm. "Wait! Please don't leave. I haven't even gotten to taste your flower yet."

"And it looks like you never will," she said as she tried to shake herself from my grip.

"Don't be so sure about that," I said as I grabbed her forcefully. 

She gave me little resistance as I slammed her up against the wall. Violently I ripped her thong off. Her dark brown, tight pussy was soaking wet and in immaculate condition. It was obvious she put a lot of care into it, and the entire thing was freshly shaven except for a tiny landing strip on top. Grabbing her by the hips and keeping her pinned against the wall, I dropped to my knees. "Now tell me you want me to eat that pussy."

"You better fucking know what you're doing," was all she said.

I began by running my tongue up and down her narrow slot. She was clearly aroused, and her clit poked out from under the hood. I pressed my tongue up against it and wagged it back and forth as fast as I could. Lauren grabbed my head with a force I didn't think her tiny body could muster. This caused me to grab her ass cheeks as strongly as I could, and bury my face in her sweet pussy. She responded by giving high pitch moans and squirming like a fish. "Umm. That's so good. Hold me," she said, and without much warning she lifted her feet off the ground and wrapped her legs around my head in a death grip.

Her juices were running down my face, but I didn't mind because that skintight Oriental pussy tasted so delicious. Meanwhile, I didn't seem like James was quite getting the job done. I knew from personal experience that Melanie was a loud one, but James wasn't was getting much noise out of her. She was bent over with her hands pressed against the wall, as James ate her out from behind. Her thong was still on, but pushed to the side, and she gyrated her ass all over James' face as he pressed his tongue on her bean. Once she realized James wasn't going to be able to get her off she pushed James' head away and said, "I want to suck your dick."
