 I woke up with a banging headache. Under the covers I could tell I was completely naked "what the fuck happened," I thought to myself. Straight ahead of me was the back of Lorna's head and below her long brown hair I could see the Chinese script tattoo on the back of her neck. Reaching forwards I gently touched against warm skin and could feel the contours of her lower back, she was naked too! Last night came back to me, I'd never had a foursome before and was a little surprised at myself. I'd definitely drunk more than I should've and although I'd got used to clubbing with Mikey I had to admit I'd not really thought of him in that way. Turning my head the other way I could see Jodie slumped over the side of the bed with the front of her head facing towards me. Her mouth was wide open and she was snoring in a most unladylike manner. Her face the telltale sign that she'd given a messy blowjob with a facial to finish and bits of dry white cum were obvious on her chin and cheeks. Ha, served her right for being such a slut.

I desperately needed the loo, so slowly pushed the covers back. Climbing up I exposed more of Lorna's sexy body and crawled to the end of the bed. As I stood up on the floor I felt a searing pain in my little asshole. The pain took me back a couple of hours, back to an image of me on all fours, Jodie roughly spreading my ass cheeks following a vigorous rimming before Mikey had forcefully fucked me anally. My legs felt weak. Reaching the bathroom I saw a pile of various clothes and underwear and as I sat down I cast my mind back to the night before.

I'd met Mikey on a night out with Jodie a month or so earlier. Jodie and I had met at the nursery where we both worked and had become good friends. Although I was four years older than her I think we were both a little bit crazy and recognised and thrived on that wild side of our personalities. We hung out quite a lot after work and whenever we had money we would go out clubbing. We'd also shared a few experiences in other ways (see Awkward Date) and it was fair to say that I'd seen far more of Jodie that I'd seen of most of my girlfriends.

It was on one of our nights out in town that we'd met Mikey. He was completely different to the guys we usually ended up hanging out with. He was nine years older than me (I was 23 at the time) and had recently gone through a painful divorce. As such he was out with his mates most nights and with a good job in the city he was able to buy more than enough rounds to keep Jodie and I entertained. He wasn't the most attractive of men, a bit thinner than I usually fancied with a slowly receding hairline, but he kept himself well groomed and dressed a lot smarter than any of the guys I'd dated recently, his watch was probably worth more than my rubbish old car! All in all he was generous, good fun and had a great sense of humour.

He owned a flat in town and after the third night out with him Jodie and I ended up crashing at his. He had a spare room so nothing funny happened, although I did have to put up with sharing a bed with a very drunk and very naked Jodie! After that this became fairly regular and meant that I could drive to his and we didn't have to pay for a taxi back to mine or Jodie's parents. This was epic news as we could stay out longer and even saved a bit of cash, although the one negative was that Mikey had a deterrence effect on other men out in town.

The night before had started out fairly normally. One of Mikeys mates had turned 30 and a group of them were out in town celebrating, or rather getting drunk. Jodie, me and some of the other girls from work joined up with them and we had a good night in a couple of clubs. It was shortly before closing time in one of the bars and there weren't many of us left, I think my drunk dancing might have scared them away. As usual I'd drunk way too much and I knew Mikey had told a few of his friends to not take advantage. Jodie was in a similar state although this was nothing unusual and despite the cold January air she'd maintained her tradition of flashing her big boobs as often as possible at strangers. Mikey had asked Jodie and me if we wanted to crash at his and of course we accepted. We also had Lorna with us from work. She was a few years younger than me and was really quiet, nothing like Jodie and me. I think she looked younger than she was as she was so small, a full head smaller than me, but she was pretty with unblemished skin, well shaped eyebrows and a curvy bum that guys eyes tended to follow. As she'd had stayed out bless her it would have been mean to send her home by herself so Mikey invited her back as well.

We got back to Mikey's and the party didn't stop. He turned on his stereo system and for a while we danced around like crazy drunks in his living room. He brought out a couple of bottles of wine and we all continued drinking. Jodie did her usual thing of stripping down and she was in her top and thong after about 5 seconds. As I've mentioned before Jodie is a lot chunkier than me and her thighs wobbled a fair amount as she danced, but to be honest she was incredibly sexy in an obvious trashy slutty way. Her fake sun bed tanned legs with their delicate tattoos crawling up and down gyrated in a sexy motion.

"Fancy a dance, Jod, maybe a slow strip tease?" Mikey cheekily asked.

"Ha, what will you pay me?" Jodie responded, slowly teasing her fingers into the strong of her thong and making to take them down, partially exposing her pussy before raising it again, and calling Mikey a "dirty perve." Slut.

I was getting tired and told everyone I was sleepy, but they didn't want to stop. "Lets play a drinking game or something?" Lorna suggested. I agreed figuring that if we went to the guest room at least I could fall asleep on the bed while they did whatever. So we all traipsed through the corridors, a very heavy footed Jodie cheekily pinching Mikeys bum and making him squeal. They'd become awful for flirting the last few evenings, I wondered if Jodie would make a move, she was a colossal. In the room he turned on a tele and there was some late night game show rubbish on.

Sitting in a circle on the bed Mikey asked "what shall we play then, strip poker?" he smiled, pushing his luck with us. Mikey was usually quite reserved but I think Jodie and I both knew that he fancied us and occasionally you'd catch him staring at your chest or bum.

"Yeah you'd love that you perve, honestly all you want is to see us naked whenever we come over." Jodie continued her flirting with a role of her eyes and a tutting of her head.

"Well, you're all such lovely lovelies."

"From anyone else that would be sweet, but from you it just sounds pervey." Jodie continued her put down of Mikey, she loved teasing him and making him uncomfortable, but I felt sorry for the guy, with Jodie practically half naked and with a top that barely contained her tits the guy did well not to walk around with a permanent semi.

We all laughed, Lorna responded desperately seriously changed the topic back to playing a game, "No, how about strip I've never? I'll say something and if you haven't done it then you have to take an item of clothing off, that way you'll see some flesh Mikey." I looked at her in shock. Here was the quietest girl of the night wanting to play a cheeky little game like that, hmm, surely she wasn't flirting with Mikey as well? He went bright red, I don't think he expected such a response and we'd never done anything like this before at his. Jodie grinned like the crazy slut she was and obviously she was up for it and started the ball rolling.

"Ok, me first, so Mikey I'm sure you'll be fine with this one. Ok I've never sucked a big cock before, how about that for a starter?" she teased, so there we were we had gone down hill to the sex questions straight away. The danger of being drunk when playing games like this is that you miss all the subtlety of the early rounds, the innuendo, the lame starter questions and head straight for the naughty section.

I queried "well define big," and motioned with my hands something that would be huge, far too big for my tight tender pussy, not. But at this point Mikey was already taking off his shirt so we didn't get a definition. I'd not seem him even slightly undressed before and he revealed a well toned, if very hairy chest. He didn't have any fat on his flat stomach and the way he was sat his six pack was well defined when he leant back slightly. But his chest! I'd been with hairy guys before and from Mikey's well groomed face simply hadn't expected this, so let out a burst of laughter which didn't help his undressing.

Lorna came out with the second question, taking Jodie's lead she excitedly shouted "Ok, how about I've never sucked a big juicy black cock before." Again I looked at the shy little girl from earlier on and couldn't believe the words that left her mouth, great an evening with 2 sluts and a caveman. I was less shocked than I would have been earlier when she made no move to take off any clothing, sadly I'd lost this round and was busy removing my skirt while Mikey fiddled with his zip as he removed his stylish jeans. Could be a quick game.

So the game went on. There were some dubious questions, mainly because Jodie had done just about everything and was proving difficult to take clothes from. Mikey screwed me over when he said "I am currently completely shaved down there," and I complained that it wasn't the right question. I liked to have a bit of hair above my pussy lips so had to remove my bra allowing my breasts to dangle freely and leaving me with just a thong on. Annoyingly Mikey didn't remove anything.

I got him back a go later after I stated "I'd never had a threesome." At this he went bright red and we all laughed at him. "What Mikey, no way, never had two girls in bed, or in your case more likely two guys?"

Jodie pointed at his boxer shorts and jubilantly declared they had to come off. Lorna leant across towards him, as she leant forward her small but firm tits barely moved. She began tugging at the top of his underwear and Jodie joined in, helping to pull them down as he backed away and pulled in the other direction.

"Come on we want to see that big shaved cock," yelled Jodie. As we were laughing they finally slipped down and out popped his perfectly shaved cock. Before his hands could cover his privates we squealed with laughter at his embarrassment. He wasn't the most well endowed bloke I'd seen, but he had a decent package and as it was completely hairless it looked a lot larger than some of the cocks I've seen.

Jodie and Lorna continued to tease him and giggle, but the game was done, Mikey had lost, Lorna and I were left with our thongs still on, and Jodie won with her thong and bra not so securely covering her modesty. However that didn't last long, in a spirit of good will Jodie told Mikey not to get so upset. As she reached around to her back, she said "don't worry babe, nothing wrong with being naked here," undoing her bra strap and allowed her breasts to fall free. Next she stood up and pulled down her thong, exposing her shaved pussy and the last of her hidden tattoos, the heart covering her pubic bone, before she sat down and sipped at another glass of wine "what do you think of that babe?"

"Pretty fucking sexy Jod, must've hurt?"

"Well, gives the guys something to look at when they're eating my pussy?" That was Jodie all over, making every guys experience that bit more special.

I got up to go and get a glass of water as Lorna grabbed the controls to find a film. My head was really beginning to spin as I walked to the kitchen. I felt so drunk and tired, but after playing that game I was also desperately horny, especially after seeing Mikey's yummy cock. It was a shame I hadn't pulled that night, it had been weeks since I'd had an action and was desperate for a fuck or something to ride to a screaming orgasm. Shit, if I'd gone home I would have had my toys to play with at least.

While getting a glass of water my thoughts continued to wonder. I figured that maybe I should suggest to Jodie that next time we went out we went without Mikey as he was definitely preventing us from getting any cock. My thoughts got dirtier and I drifted back a few months to the car park in the woods near my parents. I'd literally stumbled across some interesting activity there and had the good luck to have a mind blowing fuck with a total stranger. Ha, perhaps I could take the dog for a late night walk tomorrow evening. As I was rummaging through the dirtier corners of my mind I walked back up the corridor to the others. The laughing had died away, perhaps Mikey had gone to his bed to hide his shame and the girls had gone to sleep?

As I walked through the open door the view brought me to a sudden halt as my mind momentarily struggled to understand what was happening. There was a tangle of tanned and white flesh. I could see the back of Mikeys head, his back was arched and he was using his arms to support himself on the bed. He was thrusting forwards. Lower down immediately behind him Lorna was lying flat on her belly, legs in the air, her puckering asshole visible between her tight ass cheeks and the back of her brown hair nestled in between the middle of Jodie's spread legs. The image and noises clearly gave the new game my friends were playing away, in the moments I had been out a new chapter had started in the night's entertainment.

"What the fuck!" I shouted and Mikey turned his head. He had that smile I recognise from men when they are in the process of getting their cocks surrounded by something warm and wet. My attention switched to the tele and I could see that Lorna had managed to find something more interesting than the game show earlier on. A middle aged blonde lady with fake tits was sitting on a sofa with her legs spread, playfully rubbing her plastic boobs with one hand and licking her lips seductively as she talked into a phone. A number flashed up on the screen urging whatever late night perverts were up to call 'Sexy Sue' for some late night fun. "God you guys are all fucking sluts!" I screamed at them, although admittedly I didn't have much credibility as I stood there, tits dangling down and completely naked except for a bit of flimsy red material covering my pussy.

I moved towards the bed to get a better view, passing the discarded clothes, admiring Lorna's perfectly naked bottom. Her back was covered with a few tattoos, the chavvy and tragic stamp tramp that seemed to adorn many of my friends from works bodies and other tattoos with Chinese or Japanese script. She was tenderly licking at Jodie's pussy. Moving forwards I could see that Jodie was happily engaged in her speciality, a tit wank from her massive tanned boobs. As Jodie had told me on a previous occasion she loved to wrap her big tits around a big cock, although sadly in this case I don't think Mikey was as big as she was used to. Her tongue was stuck out as far as it could go, but she still couldn't lick the tip of Mikey's cock as it moved backwards and forwards through her tits, but it didn't stop her trying. She pushed her tits closer together, beads of sweat trickling down as she managed to get a slight lick of the tip of Mikey's cock..

I was turned on and I couldn't resist joining in. Mikey looked at me again and signalled for me to join "come on love, my tongues free!". Leaning forwards I pushed down my thong and wriggled it off between my ankles, not overly seductively but who cared it was too late for seduction. Mikey looked down and caught his first glimpse of my pussy, licking his lips, I stroked my fingers through my triangular patch of hair above my clit and then slid two fingers between my lips. Standing up onto the bed I positioned myself with my pussy directly in front of Mikey's face and he obligingly leant forward and licked from the bottom of my opening up to my clit. It felt good.

Looking down I could see Lorna changing position, she was kneeling up and had moved forward and was now knelt behind Mikey. Reaching around to stroke his nipples and then lowering her hands towards his crotch. I followed her hands down and saw the tidy transition from Mikey's hairy torso to his shaven privates. I loved a clean hairless cock and wasn't too bothered how much hair was above, as long I wouldn't give a mouth full of pubes when I deep throated!

With Lorna taking Mikey's attention, Jodie raised herself slightly and pushed Mikey back "right babe, lets see what your like then." 

As he fell back Lorna wriggled out from underneath and helped push him onto his back. She turned around and positioned herself with her legs spread either side of him, trapping his head under her pussy. "Eat me baby" she said seductively and Mikey reached up with his hands, placing them on her bum and raised his head. At the other end Jodie and untangled herself from between Mikeys legs and was reaching towards Mikeys fully erect cock, but I made my move. Dropping to my knees I pushed her face away and grabbed the bottom of his cock with my other hand. Leaning forwards I inhaled the aroma from his sweaty cock, noticed the stream of pre-cum already leaking out from the tip, extended my tongue out of my mouth and gently caressed the top of his cock with it.

It tasted great, I loved the sweetness of pre-cum and his cock was already nice and sticky from what I presume was a mix of Jodie's spit (her favourite lube, 100% natural) and the sweat from her tits. With Jodie out of the way I was free to fondle his balls with one hand, wank his shaft with the other, and focus on the head of his cock with my mouth. I wrapped my lips around his dong, slowly pushing them up and down no more than an inch, and all the time licking around the tip of his cock. Looking up towards the rest of his body I could see Lorna's ass raised a few inches above Mikey's neck and through the gap I could see him licking away at her pussy as she sat on his face. Looking the other way Jodie was reclining with her back on the pillows, her legs spread and her left hand furiously flicking away at her clitoris. So I wasn't just giving Mikey a blowjob, I was also giving Jodie a show.

"God, **** you're blowjobs are rubbish compared to mine," Jodie often put me down, but I didn't care, although I'd seen the quality of her sloppy blowjobs, I was confident that no guy would ever complain about my oral skills.

I got more and more into giving my blowjob. Closing my eyes I imagined it as a slightly bigger cock from a slightly fitter guy and with every bob of my head I lowered my lips further and further down the shaft of his cock. I continued to stroke and play with his balls, feeling his scrotum and enjoying the smoothness of his skin against my fingers. After a minute or two of this my lips reached the base of his cock and I had the entire length of it inside my mouth. Holding the position for a moment before choking slightly, and raising my head in response I left a trail of drool covering his erection. Now he was properly lubed up I began to wank his cock harder and harder as he continued to leak precum from the tip. I lowered my head down, this time moving my lips up and down the whole length of his cock faster and faster. His hips wriggled as presumably he fought to control himself in the face of the violent attack from my mouth. Lorna was moaning louder and louder as she got carried away with being eaten out. Poor old Jodie continued to penetrate her pussy with her own fingers.

Then I felt her hands on me, she stroked my hair as her other hand felt up along the back of my thigh and up towards my pussy. Approaching from the back I felt a surge of excitement as her fingers roughly stroke along the entrance to my pussy. Shuddering slightly I raised my head to look back at her, but she took this as an opportunity to push my head away from Mikey's cock.
