 It seems my wife and I have always been lucky in finding cool friends but the story that follows expresses our genuine love and affection for a couple that entered our life a while ago and we have no intention of letting them leave. We are Alicia and Mark. We are both now 54 and married. No kids but we love them but we never had an interest in having our own. Years ago I had a friend Tony who he knew quite well and hung out with a lot but lost contact with over the years. About 20 years ago he re-established contact with him and two years after that Alicia entered my life. I have always known Alicia but there was never any thought of us being more than friends. Then one day I asked her out for dinner and she readily accepted. We had a great time that evening at dinner and when the night was over quite late she asked if I wanted to stay the night. I asked if she knew what she was asking as it would change our friendship she said yes and she did not care. Seems she had some feelings for me and wanted to act out on them. Well, who would have known but we had the greatest night of sex we had ever had and opened up to each other quite easily. We spent hours that night fucking and talking and came to the realization that there was something going on here we should take advantage of. The first hint was when I fingered her asshole as I was eating out her wet, full lipped cunt. When I pressed a finger against her asshole she said "I hope that is just the appetizer and your cock is next!". Well I knew right then and there this was a woman for me as I and she both loved anal sex to no end.

 About a week later after we spent every night after work together fucking and talking about everything under the sun that we realized something was great here and we discussed getting married. Within a month we were married and were planning on going on a honeymoon but had no idea where. Well that one weekend we were supposed to visit my friend Tony and his wife Sandra. I have known Tony for years but we were never that close but we did know some things about each other that would make others blush. We traded secrets like little kids but we never shared with anyone. We made the seven hour drive to their home and we were greeted lovingly by them. We had a great weekend with them and loved every minute of our stay with them. At one point Alicia mentioned to them that we were thinking of going away but had no idea where to go on a quick little honeymoon. They mentioned many places they had been over the years. After some discussion we finally all agreed that we should all go to St. Thomas USVI. We made the necessary arrangements and decided to get away in two short weeks. 

 Well the trip date soon arrived and we all flew down to sunny and warm St. Thomas. We had rented two adjoining rooms in a small hotel with a nice shared deck. We loved being there, sightseeing all day long then a nice meal on the patio. The second day we decided to go to a secluded beach we knew of on the lesser inhabited part of the island. It was about fifteen minute walk through the brush till we got to the beach area. There were just the four of us and one other couple on the beach about fifty yards from where we were. It took little to notice that they were both nude as they lay there. They smiled and waved to us and said that they hoped it was okay that they were nude and it did not bother us. We ll we all smiled back and said not at all.

 "Who else wants to get nude?" Sandra asked.

"Should we?" asked Alicia.

"Why not?" said Tony "we are all good friends here and may as well lose the tanlines."

"Why not then?" we all agreed and soon we were all taking off our outfits and nude.

 Truth be known Alicia and I have always loved being nude at home and on vacation just never mentioned it to our company. Turns out they were of the same thoughts when they travelled. Small world we all agreed. Well the afternoon went by quite casually. We spent hours just laying there, snorkeling and relaxing all in the nude. I must say that Sandra is quite the attractive woman. She is about 5'7, 135 lbs and small boobs capped by dark, always erect nipples. She also like Alicia shaves her pussy and I loved sneaking glances at her. Even after I removed my glasses I made no secret of admiring her body as Tony did my wife's. We all agreed that being nude is the best way to be while there. We also agreed to stay nude at the hotel as much as we could even when just hanging and eating together. Sandra said that there was no reason we should cover up there but be nude on the beach. Seems we all liked being nude and since we were all civilized we may as well stay that way the whole time there if we could. The afternoon went by quite well and we loved being nude and just being alone with each other there on the beach. Late in the day we noticed the other couple had disappeared but their stuff was still on the beach. We thought nothing of it till we heard some noises from the area behind where they were on the beach. Alicia looked at Tony and said let's go see what that is about. They asked if we wanted to join but Sandra said we would stay and watch our stuff just in case. Sandra and I watched as our spouses walked away down the beach to where the couple used to be.

 "Alicia and Tony look quite good together" Sandra said.

"I agree" I replied "and you are quite the looker as well."

"Really?" she asked.

"Of course I have always found you attractive, scratch that gorgeous" I said.

"What would Alicia say if she knew that?" Sandra asked.

"She would agree" I replied.

"Really? You two are in agreement like that?" she asked.

"Of course we are very close and open with each other" I said.

"So are we" she said referring to her and Tony.

"That is so cool" I said as my cock stirred a little.

"Seems we are alike in many respects then" she said as she lay back on the towels she was on and let her legs open wide to the sun.

 I could not help but notice how full and wet her pussy was. I did not know from what this was but I assumed it may have been from the chat we were having. She asked if I liked how she looked. I said that I always found her quite attractive and was not afraid to tell her so. She liked that I was so open about complimenting her and asked if I would be the same if Alicia was around. I said of course we share all and have no secrets between us. She liked that and looked directly at my half hard cock and smiled at it then at me. We looked down the beach to see if our spouses were coming back yet but we did not see them anywhere. We both commented that it was odd. 

 "Maybe they found something to look at" I said.

"Wonder what that could be?" she said.

"Who knows?" I said "what trouble could they possibly get into on a deserted beach?"

"So you and Alicia are open with each other?" she asked. I replied that yes we were about everything. No sense in keeping secrets it always hurts someone and she agreed. 

 At this time my cock for some reason had become fully hard and I felt zero embarrassment. Sandra smiled and said that it looked nice that way and I said thanks. She said she had not seen that many but mine looked quite nice compared to what she had seen in her 35 years. I looked over at her slim figure and thought I would take a closer look as we were being open and honest now. She had quite the lithe figure capped with a small tight butt and also a cup titties as well. She smiled at me and I said she looked great today nude in the sun. She asked what my fave part of her was and I mentioned it had to be her small tits. She said thanks for that as she always thought they were too small and Tony was just placating her when he said they were fine. I told her outright that Alicia and I both loved small boobs as they kept their shape better and she laughed.

 "So Alicia likes small boobies too?"

"Yes she does" I said "we both appreciate the female form."

"I never knew or suspected" she said.

"Have you two ever shared a female form?" she asked.

 I looked at her for a moment before answering her. I wanted to gauge what her reaction may be if I told her the truth. We are all close friends but we have never shared such intimate thoughts as of yet. Her smile and gaze told me she wanted the truth whatever it may be.

 "Yes we have many times" I replied taking a great chance with sharing such intimate details about our personal lives.

"Wow that is so cool"

"Glad that you approve" I said "a lot of people would not approve."

"Trust me we do but we have not done much" Sandra said.

"So you are open to it" I asked.

"We have talked about a lot of things to try but have done nothing as we are a bit afraid" she said.

"Afraid of what?" I asked.

"Well getting with the wrong person or persons for one" she replied.

"Yes that could be an issue" I commented.

"How do you two go about it" she asked.

"Well we have been to a few parties where everyone knows what they are there for and knows how to keep a secret as they do have lots to lose" I said.

"That is what we have to try then" Sandra said.

"You two really want to try new things huh?" I asked.

"We do yes" she said "nothing is at stake and no one is bored its' just time to try a few new things before we get too old and have kids."

"I agree with you 100%" I said as she glanced again at my hard cock.

 She then leaned over and kissed me on the cheek and said thanks for being such good friends. I replied that we too are glad that we have such good friends in her and Tony. She laughed and said the same and hope that we never judge each other and I said we never do as we have quite a few kinks that may not be for all tastes. Just then we saw Alicia and Tony coming at us from down the beach a way. Both of them were smiling and laughing as well. We also noticed that they were holding hands as well. 

 "You two look like you had fun" said Sandra.

"We did" Alicia replied.

"Did you find that couple?" I asked.

"Did we ever!" Tony said as he and Alicia laughed.

"What's so funny?" Sandra asked.

"Well we could not find them at first when we went down that way" Tony said "so we decided to look around."

"So we went down a hidden path off the beach into the brush a bit" Alicia said "then we both looked at each other when we heard the sounds."

"What sounds?" I asked.

"Well they were fucking" Alicia replied.

"Really? Cool." said Sandra "that explains Tony's hardon."

"Yes it would" Alicia said "was quite the sight seeing them."

"Did they see you two?" I asked.

"No" Tony replied "and they are still at it if you want to go look."

"I would love to see it" Sandra said "Mark, let's go, Alicia and Tony want to come along again?"

"We should stay and watch our things" Alicia said.

"Ok good idea" Sandra replied.

 I then stood up, my hardon on display for all to see. Alicia smiled at me as she saw it as did Tony. I offered Sandra my hand and pulled her up then we started to walk down the beach hand in hand like a couple towards where the path was. I enjoyed being with Sandra and walking like we were as we turned into the bushes. Just then we heard the loud sounds of a couple making love. Sandra held her finger to her lips for us to be quiet. We slowly came around a tree and saw the couple, her bent over a log and the guy slowly sliding his cock in and out of her wet pussy. Sandra still held my hand and gave it quite the squeeze when we saw this sight. She looked at me and smiled. She then glanced down at my still hard cock and said I must like it what I see. I said yes I do and not just the couple. I then asked if she was excited to see the two fucking and replied of course she was but it was less obvious that she was as excited. I said yes women have an easier time hiding it. She smiled at me then looked at the couple and stuck a finger in her own pussy and started to finger herself and then took that wet finger out to show me how wet she was. Her finger was glistening with juices as I looked at it. 

 "You want to try?" she asked me.

"Are you sure?" I asked her.

"More than I ever have been of anything" she replied. 

 She opened her legs a little more to give me better access to her wet pussy. I slowly slid a finger in her pussy and I could not believe how wet and warm she was. She pushed back against my finger and let out a small moan as she did.

 "Be careful" I whispered to her ear.

"I will try but I am so fucking wet and horny watching this" she whispered back to me.

"I am horny as all hell as well" I said. 

 Sandra then reached over and held my cock. I smiled at her showing her I did not mind at all what she was doing. We then watched as the couple fucked some more not twenty feet away from us. The girl was short and a bit chubby and the guy was a foot taller and had a good seven inch cock he was using on his girlfriend. She pushed back at his strokes and it was obvious they both loved what was happening. Sandra was now stroking my cock up and down and I now had two fingers in her wet cunt pleasuring her. Her moans became a little louder. I tried to get her to keep it down and she did for a bit. But as we watched the other couple her moans became a little louder. She then accidentally let out a little yelp and at that point the couple stopped and looked over to see who was making the noises. 

 "Sorry for interrupting you two" Sandra then said "we should leave."

"No please stay" the girl said "we love being watched. We were hoping someone would catch us but you two were so quiet!"

"Yes please stay" the guy said as he continued to stroke in and out of her.

"You and your wife are obviously enjoying this as well" the girl said.

"We are yes" Sandra said not correcting them on their assumptions.

"You two are great to watch" I said.

"Thanks" the girl said back "like I said we love being watched so come closer if you like."

"Let's honey" Sandra said as she led me by the cock right next to the couple.

 For the next few minutes we just watched as they fucked and Sandra stroked my cock and I continued to finger her. The girl was obviously in heaven being drilled like that from behind and smiled at us as she watched us play with each other as well. We were not a foot from them as they played. The girl held out her hand to Sandra and she took it. She moved her hand to her breasts and Sandra started to stroke it while they fucked. I looked at the guy and he smiled at me knowing they both were loving it as we watched them. He smiled back at me and looked down at my hard cock as it was being stroked and smiled back at me. I continued to finger Sandra's wet cunt as we watched them fuck harder. We knew that they would be coming soon. The guy then sped up his fucking of the girl's pussy as she also pumped back harder. They continued like that for about a minute more and then he said he was coming. He then pulled out of her and she turned around and got on her knees as he aimed his hard cock at her face. She opened her mouth and eyes at the exact moment he shot the first wad all over her cheeks. She smiled at him and yelled for more. He then stroked his cock more and sent three or four more loads all over her face and tits. She obviously loved what she was receiving and smiled the whole time. Sandra also was moaning and said she loved what she saw in front of her. Soon the guy's pace fell off a bit as the last shot fell onto the girl's tits. She took a finger and picked up some of the cum and brought it to her mouth and ate it. It was obvious she loved it. Sandra then surprised us all but also putting her finger in the splooge and offering it to the girl who eagerly lapped it up. I was surprised by this action on her part but I guess the moment took her over. She definitely enjoyed what she saw and what she did as well and I immediately saw her in a new light. 

 The guy then stood up and smiled at us both and thanked us for being involved. He then asked if I wanted to get some relief but I said we would take care of it later as this was about them not us this time. I also said we would certainly meet again as we would be here for two more weeks and definitely planned on coming back to this beach again. We then said our goodbyes and we turned and walked back out the path we came in on. Sandra had a huge smile on her face as we walked out the brush onto the beach area.

 "That was fucking hot!" she said.

"Definitely" I said to her "and you getting involved was cool as well."

"I don't know what came over me!" she said.

"I thought it was great and it will be our secret if you like" I said.

"I will tell Tony later ok" she said "I just want to soak it in and enjoy the memory for now."

"Our secret till you let it out" I said.

 We walked back the 200 metres or so to where Tony and Alicia were. They waved when they saw us approaching. I noticed that Alicia was leaning back and laying with her head atop Tony's chest as they lay there. Neither looked surprised by our approach and Alicia mentioned I still had my woody. 

 "He certainly does" said Sandra "and the reason is we found that couple and they invited us to watch them fuck!"

"Really" asked Tony?

"They certainly did" I said "and it was quite hot seeing them."

"I loved it as well" Sandra replied.

"Wow" said Tony "I am glad you two enjoyed yourselves. Seems Alicia and I missed out on the fun."

"Well maybe later we can have our own fun" Sandra said surprising us all.

"Now that could be interesting" Tony said.

 We spent the rest of the day enjoying the sand, the sun and the water. Finally, about five or so we decided to pack up and go have dinner. We went back to our rooms and washed up. We now left the door between our rooms open as we found it easier to communicate and we also had little to hide from each other anymore. I loved that we were getting along so well and so openly now too. Tony and I waited for the ladies as they got dressed in their rooms. I noticed that he had a boner now and did not try to hide it at all. I mentioned that it looked good on him and he smiled and said thanks. He also complimented me on mine and said Sandra liked the looks of it as well. Well thanks to her I replied. About a minute later the girls came into the room dressed so Tony and I adjourned and in minutes came back dressed and ready to go out for dinner. 

 We selected a quiet little place and had a great dinner there with many drinks and two whole bottles of wine along with it. After dinner we did a little walking in town before we headed back to our rooms. When there we went to our separate rooms, cleaned up a little and then all four of us nude made our way to the patio overlooking the bay. We sat there nude and chatted for a bit. Tony suggested we have some after dinner drinks and we all said sure. He left and came back about a minute later with four glasses and a bottle of port he acquired earlier. He then poured us all a glass.

 "To good friends and vacations" he said.

"Salut" we all agreed.

"To open minded friends" Sandra added.

"Very definitely" Alicia added herself "so glad to have you two in our lives and especially glad that you two are open minded."

"One hundred percent in agreement" I said "but Alicia maybe they are not as open as we are so we may offend them if not careful."

"I doubt that very much" Sandra said "we are open minded here Tony and I."

 I looked over at them and saw that Sandra had her hand in his lap and was stroking his growing cock as we chatted. He made no effort to hide what they were doing and I liked that. Sandra smiled at Alicia as she wrapped her fingers around his fat cock.

 "Yes" Sandra said "we are reasonably open minded and are glad to have similar friends like you we can share fun and nudism with."

"So are we" I added "but not trying to outdo you we may be a bit more open that you two are."
