 CHAPTER 3 - THE AUCTION

Shadows seem to dance all around him when Brad tried to open his eyes while the sound of voices penetrated his brain. Each time his eyes fluttered open, Brad shook his head trying to clear the cobwebs in his brain. Struggling to keep his eyes open, he saw shadows dancing on the walls in front of him and the sound of female voices echoed in his head. Closing his eyes, he felt the inviting sleep overwhelm him for a few moments and then voices broke through the foggy barrier. Again he would open them, seeing more shadows moving hauntingly around him accompanied by louder sounds of people talking and an occasional peal of laughter. 

Slowly the deep slumber gave way to shadows becoming clearer and the voices more distinct. He was able to keep his eyes open a bit longer each time they fluttered open and slowly the fog in his brain began to lift. As the shadows began to take shapes, he saw a lot of women milling around, chatting and pointing, sometimes at him. 

His tongue slipped out of his mouth, swiping across his dry lips, trying to moisten them. Moving his arms, he was surprised when they only moved a short distance and another more piercing sound penetrated his brain. It was the sound of metal clanking against the cold stone wall behind him. Glancing up, Brad saw the shiny metal shackles binding his wrists and he pulled at them only to realize his wrist were restrained. It was then that he realized he was restrained to a cold stone wall. As his eyesight became clearer, his gaze darted to the left and then to the right, seeing women dressed in various leather outfits, looking at him with smiles on their faces and then turning to someone standing nearby, whispering and gesturing at him. 

Pulling again on the restraints, Brad's brain became more attentive, realizing that he was some kind of prisoner. Panic began to set in as he tried hard to figure out what happened and where he was. The last thing he remembered was the doctor and her two assistants standing near him with two large men. The images of him on the exam table with the doctor behind him, stroking him until he gave up his cream for her two assistants rattled around in his head. 

"That fucking tetanus shot," he muttered under his breath as the recollection of pretty blonde medical assistant giving him a shot screamed in his head. 

His eyes opened wider, looking around the room, seeing the women dressed in scantily clad outfits. One woman had a leash in their hand, guiding another woman who wore a collar. There were other women holding leashes, guiding young men or women wearing similar collars attached to their neck around the room. Trying hard to get his bearings, he thought about the doctor and then Ms. Colton, who required he sign a contract. It was all coming back to him like a tidal wave that crashes on the shore. 

Brad remembered the cunning smile on the doctor and nurse's faces. "She drugged me," screamed in his head as the realization of what happened to him hit like a ton of bricks. Pulling hard on the shackles only sent searing pain tearing through his wrists. "Where am I?" he called out, in a loud and demanding voice as his head jerked from the right to left. 

There, standing nearby he saw Ms. Colton talking to some women dressed in suggestive leather outfits. He recognized her servant, Lisa, standing behind her dressed in a very sexy outfit rather than what he normally saw her in, her usual black and white maid uniform. She was wearing a revealing dark blue leather outfit that left very little to the imagination. The top had straps over each shoulder that traversed downward over her breasts barely concealing anything and then down to a skimpy thong. The two straps were connected at several points along her body in an effort to keep them in place. All one had to do was tug on either strap and they would fall harmlessly out of the way, exposing her nakedness. Light blue nylons held up by a blue garter belt adorned her longs legs and around her neck was a matching studded collar with a leather lead arching down in front of her leather outfit, disappearing into Ms. Colton's hand. 

He focused on his boss who was also dressed in an outfit that made his eyes open wider. Her long red tresses hung over her shoulders, partially hiding a black neck collar with silver spikes. Glancing downward, he took in her black bustier with red ribbon trim and a red bow between her ample breasts, along with matching black bikini bottoms that also had a similar red ribbon design. His eyes left the red bow just above her sex, moving downward along her long legs to the black knee high stiletto boots. For a moment he couldn't believe his boss was dressed as a sultry siren. She had pranced around the pool in a string bikini but nothing this provocative. Taking in her alluring features, his eyes cast upward, seeing her looking in his direction. 

His mouth was parched and he licked at them with his tongue while watching her move toward him with Lisa in tow. She had a different kind of smile on her face that sent chills down his spine. A riding crop was nestled in her free hand and when she stood in front of him, she ran the leather tip over his naked chest.

"What the fuck is going on Ms. Colton?" he asked trying to get away from the leather tip.

"Now is that any way to say hello to your boss." She flicked her wrist, sending the leather tip against one nipple.

Brad flinched from the instant pain. "Why am I chained up like an animal? This was not part of our contract!" he yelled seeing other women stopping to look in his direction. 

Marie Colton looked at her landscaper with a wry smile. "Well it most certainly is Brad. It states you are to do what I wish and ...," she stopped for a dramatic effect. "Right now this is what I wish for you do to please me."

Yanking on the restraints, Brad's face started to turn red with anger. "You can't get away with this? I'll get a lawyer and take you to court!" his voice rising another octave.

"You go ahead and do that when you get out of here which could be a very long time," she sneered striking the leather tip hard against his other nipple. Marie walked up to Brad with a sinister smile on her lips. "I have most of the judges in my hip pocket and besides you signed a legal document stating in part that you would do whatever I want whenever I want it." She looked into his eyes, seeing the recognition of her words.

Brad was speechless, looking at her determined facial features and then seeing the women beyond staring at them waiting to see how he would reply. Could this be really happening to him? His anger boiled over as he pulled violently on the restraints. "You have no right to do this! When I get free, I'm going to find a good lawyer and sue your ass!" he yelled. His speech was sputtering and he was about to unleash a string of cuss words when he heard her soft laugh that seemed to turn menacing. The riding crop hit his cheek before he realized it , sending its stinging sensation to his brain.

Marie laid the riding crop on his cheek and slid it over his chin to the other cheek. Her laugh was tinged with a wicked overtone. "You go ahead and do that Brad. Remember Jacqueline, you remember Jacqueline don't you?" 

The image of Marie's attorney filled his mind, seeing her handling the contact negotiations and then the three of them having a fantastic sexual bout a few days back. Before he could respond, Marie moved the leather tip under his chin, forcing him to look her directly in the eyes.

In a very authoritative voice, Marie glared at her new landscaper. "She knows all the attorneys in this town and when she's done telling them you are broke and can't pay for legal fees, no one will want to take your pathetic case." She stepped back one pace and slapped his chest with the leather tip a few more times, loving the way he winced with pain. 

His eyes closed, his body feeling the sting of the riding crop. Opening them he saw her staring at him as if waiting for another outburst. "Why are you doing this to me?" he asked disbelievingly. 

"Because I can and because I want to!" she smirked, placing the leather tip once more on one cheek, sliding it over his chin, and then lightly tapping the other cheek. "I have plans for you but before you come back to my home, you will have to go through a short training period."

"What ... What do you mean?" he asked incredulously, pushing his body away from the cold stone wall. 

Marie chuckled. "I told you when you signed the contract you would help with my auction. I didn't tell you how you were going to help but I can tell you now. I'm going to auction you off to the highest bidder and they are going to be tasked with training you before you come back to fulfill your contract obligations." There was no reason to tell him that the winning bidder had already been predetermined. Let him suffer a little and think about what was going to happen to him. A mockingly smile crossed her face, watching his eyes glare at her and then cautiously look beyond her at the women gathering behind her. 

Yanking hard on his bonds, he tried to lunge at her. "Winning bidder? What the hell are you talking about!" he shrieked in a loud incredulous tone, hearing some snickers in the background. 

Putting her hands on her hips, she simply snickered at him. "I love a fighter Brad. You can argue and yell all you want my dear man. These women really don't give a shit." Grabbing his cheeks between her thumb and fingers, she moved inches away from his face, a sinister smile on her face. "Just so you know, I think you are going to fetch a handsome price and when your training is complete you, my dear man, will be my slave to do whatever I desire you to do."

'SLAVE,' the word slammed around in his head and then the previous events of the last few days started to make sense. She and Jacqueline ordering him around on the swimming patio was just the beginning. Making him crawl to her and ordering him to do certain things, seemed at the time, all part of the sexual games. But what about Dr. Brianna Stevens and her two assistants? His mind conjured up images of her and the two other women, remembering one of them saying they would get their turn later. 'They must be in on this charade too,' he thought as he glared back at Marie Colton.

"And if I don't play along with your silly game?" he whispered through clenched teeth.

"Ohhhh my sweet pet, you'll live to regret it if you don't play along. I'm sure you remember the contract and how you will lose everything plus forfeit any salary and be required to pay me back the wages I pay you." Marie smiled sweetly at him, seeing him weighing his options in his mind. She knew she had him cornered with only one way out, give in to her wanton fetishes or else. "So think about it Brad. Play along and you get what you want and I get what I want." She patted him on the cheek like one would do to a youngster after informing them of the rules, before stepping back and letting some of the other women admire her new landscaper. 

Thoughts of being back on the street with no job ran amuck in his brain. The tone in her voice convinced him she was not playing some school yard game where one could simply quit and go home. His eyes shifted to Lisa, Marie's servant, standing behind their boss, eyes downcast but listening to everything being said. 'What's her story?' he thought as Marie took a few steps back, slightly pulling on the leash as one would do to a pet, guiding them in a different direction so others might have a look at him. As Marie stepped back, Brad some of the other women surge forward, looking him over as if he were a piece of meat in the butcher shop. 

Brad tried not to pay any attention to the women but it was hard. They were talking as if they were simply at a meeting discussing some political issue or the stock market. But occasionally he heard his name being called out ... That one is Robert and here we have Brad ... mmm I would love to him at the end of my leash ... I bet he has a beautiful cock. Their words floated in the air as he glanced to his right and then left seeing, on either side of him two other men. It was evident they were in the same predicament, shackled to a stone wall while women walked by inspecting them. Looking back at his boss, he heard her say to a woman, "He might be a bit of a wild cat but with the proper training he could serve you well."

Brad watched as the blonde hair woman, dressed similar to Mrs. Colton, sauntered over to him, running her hands over his body, inspecting his bulging muscles. "Mmmm very nice ... Very nice indeed," she whispered giving him a lewd smile while her fingernails raked over and into his muscular chest causing Brad to let out a soft moan. She seemed to enjoy his discomfort as her hand slid lower to his covered groin. 

Looking down he realized the only clothing he was wearing was a short skirt-like covering, much like the ones seen in gladiator pictures. He tried to pull back when the woman ran the palm of her hand up and down the outside of the soft material. When her hand slipped under the skimpy covering, he saw her staring into his eyes, smiling as her fingers grasped his shaft, squeezing it. He pulled on his restraints, a soft moan escaping his lips when he felt her fingers began moving up and down, stroking it. Trying to move his hips away to no avail, he whispered, "No please ... No." 

The woman squeezed his semi-hard cock, stroking it harder. "Hmmmm I wonder what you will look like without this skimpy covering?" Another woman standing nearby watched the scene and the woman holding his cock smiled at her. "He sure seems to have the right stuff," she added laughingly. Squeezing his cock harder, she let out a soft purr of her own and turned her head to look at Marie Colton. "When do we get to see what he has hidden under this skirt? I'm definitely interested in bidding on this specimen." 

Marie giggled. "Don't worry Candice, you'll get to see everything and more when the auction begins but please feel free to touch him all you like." 

Brad closed his eyes wishing this was all a bad dream, hoping that when he opened them he would indeed find out it was a nightmare. Instead when his eyes opened, he realized it was not a dream and he was trapped, seeing the woman smiling lewdly. He flinched a little when the woman scrapped her sharp fingernails across his chest once more until she was feeling his large bicep muscle. 

"I have a feeling this is not the only large muscle he has," she said laughingly and then licking her lips. "Ohh you are a fine specimen," she added turning away from him and smiling at Marie. 

Brad watched the woman walk to the next man, giving him the same lewd smile before she started to examine him. Turning his head, Brad saw his boss standing a few feet away taking it all in, a smile of satisfaction spread across her face. 'How the hell did I get myself into this mess?' he thought, seeing some of the other women looking in his direction. One minute he was enjoying his landscaping gig for a well to do lawyer in town who he signed a contract with and now he is chained to a wall. Pulling one more time on his restraints, hoping against hope that they would pull out of the wall, he saw a couple of women staring at him, smiling and giggling. The exertion made his muscles bulge and when he stopped tugging, he saw the couple put their arm around each other and lick their lips. He had a strange feeling that if they were to win the bid, it would not be good for him. 

Brad counted about twelve women milling around in the room, some of them wearing collars similar to Marie's servant, Lisa. And each of them had leashes which were held by what appeared to be their owner. A couple of men looked like they were in the same predicament, wearing collars and being led around by a woman. Glancing to his left and then to his right, Brad saw the other shackled men undergoing the same treatment, women mocking and touching them. The men arched their bodies away from the wall as he had when the women reached out touching and fondling different parts of their bodies. The women laughed and chuckled when they reached under their gladiator skirts, saying things to the men while other women stood nearby waiting their turn. 

It seemed to Brad the women had done this before, being polite, smiling as they waited for their turn to inspect and touch each of them. Different women made their way to him, smiling suggestively, touching and caressing his arms, chest, abdomen, thighs, and then finally touching his thickening muscle. Though he tried to keep his cock from reacting, it was no use as the women touched and rubbed his cock, making it swell a little, but then releasing it before it could reach full mast. He wondered how long this punishment was going to last when as if a silent signal went off, the women began filing out of the room, leaving Brad and the other two men to wonder what was going to happen next. 

When most of the women had left the room, the overhead lights flickered. Brad and the other two men looked at each other as if to ask, 'what is going to happen now.' Turning his head, Brad searched the group of women, looking for Mrs. Colton. Suddenly, out of the corner of his eye, he saw movement on his right side approaching him. He didn't recognize her at first but when the recognition registered, his mouth fell open. "Jacqueline?"

Her long red hair was matted down on her head, pulled back with a long pony tail swinging with each movement of her head. His eyes zeroed in on the red leather bra with a zipper between her ample breasts and a matching red thong with a zipper that disappeared between her thighs. The two skimpy pieces of clothing were connected by three thin red leather straps. Glancing down at her feet, he saw her red painted toenails, emerging from the tall red patent leather stilettos. In her hand she saw the end of a brown leather leash connected to a purple studded neck collar. Brad looked at the woman, seeing it was Anna, her servant, dressed in a purple bustier and matching purple thong. Her eyes were fixed on him as her boss, reached out, raking her fingernails across his bare chest and then looking up into his eyes, glimmering with excitement as he let out a soft groan of pain. 

"That's the call for the auction and I can't wait for your nice piece of ass to get up on the stage," she smirked, patting his cheek. 

The way she looked at him, sent shivers down his spine. "Wha ... What's going on?"

Chuckling, she rubbed the outside of his gladiator skirt, her fingers gripping his cock and squeezing it tightly. "You look very delicious Brad. Doesn't he look good enough to eat Anna?"

Brad saw the young woman standing behind Jacqueline lift her eyes up to gaze at him and then a smile formed on her face. It was the same smile she had on her face when he left Jacqueline's house and she was standing nude inside the French doors. 

"Yes Mistress," she said staring at Brad, her eyes wandering from his eyes to focus on her Mistress' hand massaging his groin area.

Grabbing his chin between her fingers, Jacqueline pulled Brad's head so they were looking directly into each other's eyes. "I'm Mistress Jacqueline and I have some great ideas for you and me," she whispered moving her body against him. When he tried to move his head, she chuckled, gripping his chin tighter as she leaned closer, her tongue snaking out to lick up and down his cheek. "Hmm yes so delicious," she whispered into his ear, biting his earlobe before pulling her head back. Patting him on the cheek once more, she turned to Anna while she pulled on the leash connected to a purple studded collar around her neck. Her long red pony tail swayed behind her as she turned her head back to him, giggling lewdly while she reached out rubbing the front of the short skirt, feeling his semi-erect cock one more time, "I'll see you soon slave." 
