 I took my beautiful wife into my arms as we waited for the elevator, kissed her passionately, and whispered, "I love you Brenda." We were still kissing when the door opened and unfortunately, it wasn't empty. There were two couples looking at us. One of the men looked at my hand and a big grin spread across his face. I didn't know why until I glanced in the mirror and realized he could see Brenda's thong visible in my hand. I chuckled and gave him a nod. He looked at Brenda then back to me with a "knowing look". 

When we exited the elevator, Brenda turned to me and asked, "What was going on in the elevator with that guy?" I held up her thong and smiled. She gave me a puzzled look and then a look of awareness spread across her face. "That guy saw it didn't he?"

"Yes he did."

Brenda giggled and gave me a quick kiss. "I bet he enjoyed that, too." 

"Judging by the way he smiled, I have a feeling he's gonna to get lucky tonight."

"Speaking of lucky, I know of a certain woman in cabin 9140 that would love to fuck you."

"Will she wait to let me shower first?"

"She will even help you shower - and more."

"I like the sound of that."

We practically ran to the cabin and once inside, quickly started stripping. By the time Brenda pulled my shorts down, my cock was hard and ready. She gave it a kiss on the tip and said, "Soon big boy, soon." 

Unless you're in a suite, the shower stall in a regular cruise ship cabin is not large even for one person; with two, it is downright tight. But when you are horny, it is actually erotic. The shower, albeit tight, was sensual and made me even more turned on. Brenda and I were locked in a kiss as we soaped each other. Her hands were all over my very hard cock while my fingers were busy with her tits and pussy. 

I dried Brenda first and once completed, kissed her nipples and swollen clit. I could have skipped her drying me but she took a towel and with slow deliberation, began to dry my back. When she moved to my front, she would dry and kiss her way down. She knelt down and gently dried my balls. Talk about multitasking, she took my cock in her mouth while she dried each leg. This woman never ceases to amaze me.

Brenda stood up, took my dick in her hand, and led me to the bed. She lay back on the bed, spread her legs, and placed my cock to the entrance of her love hole. "I want you inside me," she whispered. I kissed her and slowly moved my member deep inside. Her hips were matching my thrusts and I was slamming her as deep as I could. After a few moments, her breathing changed and I knew her orgasm was near. She let out a long moan with her climax. Feeling her cum was enough to put me over the edge and after a couple of thrusts I added my own cum to hers. She locked her legs over mine and held me in place, keeping my dick deep inside. I couldn't help but think how much I loved her and that our love making over the years has not diminished. She kissed me and with love in her eyes said, "That was wonderful."

We kissed and hugged for several minutes until my dick became limp and slipped out. Brenda cuddled in my arms and I held her tight. "We've had quite a day sweetheart."

"I'll say we did. It was fucking fantastic."

"Now that we have made our foursome fantasy a reality, any thoughts?"

"I liked it. It was fun having sex with people we felt comfortable with and I'm glad we were together. How about you?"

"Oh, I agree. I couldn't do this with perfect strangers, nor could I do it with someone I see on a regular basis. To tell you the truth, I wasn't sure how I would feel watching Don fuck you because even though I thought it was erotic, I couldn't help but feel a bit concerned."

"How so?"

"Call it a guy thing but I wondered if you would enjoy sex with him better than with me."

"Honey, I love you and I am yours body and soul, you know that. You and I make love. Tonight we had sex that was different, forbidden, lustful, and fun. And to tell the truth, I was turned-on watching you fuck Teri. It was a bit surreal seeing your hard cock pumping her cunt while feeling Don's dick inside me."

"I know what you mean."

"I'll let you in on a little secret. Teri told me that tonight was their first time, too. Just like us, they'd talked about a foursome but never had the opportunity, until we came along."

"Lucky for all of us. I rather like way this has turned out. They don't live close so we don't need to make them part of our regular life and a cruise or resort works well for an occasional orgy. I can see this happening once or twice a year."

"That's a great point. I'm sure you and Teri will get creative and do some scheming for future play dates. I guess my next question is what does my wonderful wife and Teri have planned for the remaining two days of the cruise? I'm sure you girls have been plotting a variety of sexual activities that involves the four of us."

"Just like the movies, Teri and I want to experience two dicks at the same time. We thought we would have you and Don take turns fucking our cunt and mouth. Teri won the coin toss so you'll start with your dick in her cunt and Don will be in her mouth. After a few minutes, I'll tell you to swap positions and you'll continue swapping until you guys cum."

"Oh baby, I love it."

"Wait, it gets even better. You know how I love for you to cum in my mouth; well, Teri enjoys having Don cum in hers." A big smile spread across my face. I think I know where this is going.

"I see you smiling and you guessed correctly; you and Don are to climax in our mouths."

This is definitely a dream come true, I thought.

"We thought this would be a fun way to enjoy our last few days together."

"I'm sure you girls are already discussing the future. By the way, what are you going to be doing while Don and I are occupied, so to speak?"

"Well, remember a scene in a movie where two guys were doing a woman and the other woman was in a position under the first woman so she could lick the guy's cock as it slid in and out."

I looked at her with a big grin and a wonderful image came to mind.

"We both thought that was incredibly erotic and now is my chance to do it."

"I love the way you think. Any other fantasies?"

"Would you like to watch me eat Teri's pussy and vise-a-versa?"

"Absolutely. I take it you've given that some thought, too."

"You know how much I enjoyed watching it in the movies. So why not give it a try. Besides, when I'm just lying there with someone eating my pussy and bringing me to an orgasm, does it matter whose mouth it is?"

Am I restricted to just watching?"

"You may do whatever you want, sweetheart."

"I'd like to play with a pair of tits and finger-fuck the person doing the eating."

"I'm getting wet just thinking about that."

"Speaking of wet and eating pussy," I said with a smile as I knelt down between her legs. I kissed her hard nipples and slid my finger deep into her wet and eager cunt. She moved her hips up slightly, allowing me to go deeper. My thumb was lightly on her clit, my finger fucking her cunt, and my tongue licking her nipples. I love bringing her to a climax and this one was going to be very intense. She grabbed my hand and shoved my finger in deep while her orgasm flowed over her. Finally when she recovered, she gave me a kiss and said, "My turn."

She licked the precum from the top of my cock and slowly took it into her mouth, her tongue performing a sensual dance all over it. Holding my balls with one hand and with the other placed against her mouth, she began a slow bobbing down and up. I closed my eyes, lost in the incredible sensation. She increased her tempo and I was in ecstasy. I could feel my balls tighten and within moments I filled her mouth with my seed. Brenda kept pumping until she had milked my cock dry. 

"I love you Brenda, more and more every day."

We slept in a nice 'spoon' position with my arm over her and a hand on her right breast. Morning found us in the same position except I had my usual morning erection that somehow found its way to Brenda's pussy. It didn't take long before she was wet. And with some repositioning on each part, I began to slowly fill her cunt. Soon our love making became fast and furious. I didn't pause when Brenda had her orgasm; I kept thrusting harder and faster. 

I could feel my own climax building. As I was nearing the point of no return, I pulled out and Brenda moved to take my cum in her mouth. She likes to start her day with cum and coffee and I love to oblige.

We joined Don and Teri for breakfast and the girls were soon talking in hushed tones and smiling like they were planning something. As I was sipping my coffee, I just about choked when Brenda informed me that Teri liked her coffee "sweetened" the same way she did.

Teri winked at Don and said, "Best way to start the day." 

I looked at Don and said, "We are two very lucky guys."

"Don't I know it," he replied. "I can't begin to tell you how great this trip has been and how lucky we were to meet. Yesterday was a day we will never forget."

"Thanks Don. I can also say that Brenda and I are very happy with how this trip has turned out. You and Teri have made a fantasy come true. And I would guess our wives have more surprises planned for the rest of the trip."

"So I've been informed. I guess they only want us for our bodies," he said with a grin.

That earned a laugh from the girls. "Well boys," Teri countered, "I'm expecting some good action tonight so save your strength."

"Yes madam," Don and I replied in unison.

Later that morning we got off the ship and wandered around the port for a bit. There was a shop that offered free Wi-Fi so we joined a few others from the ship and got caught up on emails and news from home. Teri pulled up a porn site on her computer and found a photo depicting tonight's action of two guys and a woman. Brenda reached over and discretely gave my dick a squeeze. "I can hardly wait," she whispered. 

Later that afternoon we adjourned to the hot tub and pool. Watching Teri in her sexy bikini and thinking about what was to happen in a few hours kept me in a state of arousal. 

I whispered to Don, "Looking at our sexy wives and knowing what we are going to do tonight is driving me crazy."

"You and me both. I've been looking at them and that is all I can think about. It appears our wives share the same ideas when it comes to sex." 

"I agree. When Brenda told me what she and Teri have planned for us I thought I was in a dream. I love the way they collaborate for our enjoyment."

"We are truly two lucky guys to have such incredible wives."

"Horny wives, too," I added.

Around 6:30, Brenda and I got ready for the evening. First was dinner, then the ship's stage show at 8:00, and then our own special play time. Brenda looked exquisite in my favorite black dress. And as we waited for the elevator, she whispered in my ear, "I forgot my underwear." All I could do was close my eyes and grin.

I can't say that dinner was uneventful. It seemed Brenda and Teri had conspired to tease Don and me by talking about their toys. They were unmerciful with their teasing. All Don and I could do was smile at each other as we listened to our wives describe what they had and how they enjoyed using them. When they added the use of chocolate, whipped cream, honey, and other delights, I was ready to bend Brenda over the table and fuck her right then and there. Talk about giving a guy blue balls.

Fortunately there wasn't any talking during the stage show and I hoped I could recover from the constant state of arousal the girls had me in. No such luck. Those tight and somewhat revealing costumes worn by the women on stage didn't help at all. In fact, I was so occupied imagining them naked that I really couldn't tell you much about the show. 

Brenda and I headed back to our room so I could get out of my coat and tie while Brenda remained in her dress, sans underwear. During that time I told her about my thoughts regarding the stage show. She laughed and said she thought about the entire cast naked. Now that is an image that will stick in my mind. I love the way she thinks.

As we headed to Don and Teri's room, Brenda whispered, "I'm so wet I'm practically dripping." 

"I have an idea. Why don't you eat Teri's pussy first and save the three-way for last?" 

"Good idea."

Don greeted us at the door and he and Teri were wearing the robes that were provided in each cabin. I suspected they were wearing nothing more. That was confirmed as we could see Don's cock protruding out of his robe. Teri's robe hung open as she came over and started removing my clothes. Don pulled Brenda's dress up over her head and she stood there naked. I couldn't help but notice her erect nipples. 

Once we were all naked, Brenda said, "Lie back on the bed, Teri, so we can entertain the boys." Teri quickly complied and was on the bed with her legs spread wide. She looked so beautiful and I instinctively began to stroke my hard cock. Brenda knelt between Teri's legs and began to kiss and lick all around her pussy. I watched with delight, my mouth watering as I remembered doing the same with Teri last night. Brenda soon had her tongue buried deep in Teri's cunt. Teri's eyes were closed and there was a big smile on her face. 

Don moved behind Brenda and inserted a couple of fingers into her cunt. Brenda paused briefly and let out a soft moan. While Don was doing my wife, I moved onto the bed and started licking and sucking on Teri's tits. Soon the room was filled with sounds of people voicing their pleasure. 

As I was sucking Teri's nipples, I watched Brenda working on Teri's clit. Teri was panting and her hips were moving up and down. I felt her tense and convulse as she climaxed. Brenda moved to Teri's cunt and licked up her cum. Don began to increase the tempo of his hand as he finger-fucked Brenda. After a few moments Brenda, stopped her licking and began to buck her hips against Don's hand, matching his tempo. It didn't take long before she climaxed and collapsed on top of Teri.

"Fuck that was great," Brenda squeaked out after a few moments. She moved off Teri and gave me a kiss. "I can see why you like eating my pussy. It's almost as good as being on the receiving end." 

"Speaking of receiving," announced Teri, "I believe it's your turn."

The girls quickly changed places and so did Don and I. I slid my two fingers deep into Teri's cunt, which was hot and wet with her cum. Don was all over Brenda's tits and I watched a most erotic scene unfold in front of me. This was far better than watching it on a movie and I had to remind myself that it was real. I loved watching the expression on my wife's face as Teri licked her pussy. I could hear her purring with pleasure.

I directed my concentration to rubbing Teri's G spot and she responded by gyrating her hips against my hand. Both girls were panting and gasping and soon I heard the familiar sound of Brenda starting to climax. She let out a loud moan that I hoped the adjoining passengers weren't able to hear. 

Teri was busy licking Brenda's cum and bucking hard against my hand. She matched my increasing tempo and a few moments later, I felt her body tremble as her orgasm crashed through her like a wave.

"Brenda was right, eating pussy is very enjoyable," Teri said with a big grin. She looked at Don and me and then said, "Judging by the two hard cocks I see, I think you boys enjoyed the show and are anxious for some action."

Brenda moved off the bed as Teri got on her knees so I could insert my cock in her cunt and she could take Don's in her mouth. I held her hips and set the tempo with my thrusting. Teri had her mouth planted against her hand which was around Don's dick as she moved back and forth. I looked over at Brenda and gave her a smile. She gave me a wink and then maneuvered her body under Teri so she could lick my cock as it slid in and out of Teri's cunt. What an incredible sensation. I suddenly became fearful that I would cum too soon. I couldn't see what Brenda was doing but I sensed she was licking Teri's clit as well as my cock. 

What a view I had: Don had his eyes closed and a big smile as Teri was sucking his cock. My wife was under Teri with her lovely pussy almost within reach and I watched my cock slide between Teri's pussy lips. I've never seen anything like this in a movie. I was in my own little world when suddenly Brenda announced that Don and I were to change places.

Having done so, I was enjoying Teri's BJ technique. It was slightly different from Brenda's in that she didn't go quite as deep but I could tell she was not only good at it but enjoyed it too. Brenda continued her licking in addition to holding my balls as I fucked Teri's face.

We did this swapping several times which worked to my advantage of not cumming too soon. Teri was certainly enjoying the action and it seemed she had multiple orgasm. 

As much as I wanted to last longer, I finally reached that point of no return and was the first to cum; fortunately, I was already in Teri's mouth. Teri kept my dick in her mouth until Don was ready to shoot his load. I quickly moved out of the way and Teri took Don's cock deep in her mouth. I held Brenda in my arms as we watched Teri milk every drop from Don's dick. 

At last, with everyone feeling sexually satisfied, we moved to the couch to relax and share a glass of wine. 

"Tell me, Teri, was it everything you imagined it would be?" Brenda asked.

"Well to quote you, 'it was fucking fantastic'. How about you boys, was it good?"

"Wonderful is an understatement and better than watching it in a movie for sure," I replied. 

"I totally agree," Don said with a big grin, "Watching you girls and then doing a three-way was more than incredible."

Teri placed her hand on Brenda's knee and said, "Well my dear, there is no way for me to describe the sensation of having a cock in your mouth and cunt at the same time. And I am looking forward to sharing that experience with you tomorrow night."

After a good night toast, we adjourned for the night. Once in the room, I asked Brenda how she felt about the evening.

"I thoroughly enjoyed it. I liked the sensation of eating Teri's pussy. As I said before, I can see why you enjoy doing me. What did you think about me having my tongue licking your cock as you fucked Teri?"

"I couldn't believe how wonderful it felt. So wonderful in fact I was afraid I would cum too soon. Holding my balls at the same time was a nice touch, too." 

"I thought you guys would enjoy that. I hope I'll cum as often as Teri did. I think she climaxed every time you guys changed positions."

"Don't I know it and I am certainly looking forward to your turn tomorrow. Just think, finally feeling a cock in your mouth at the same time one is in your cunt. When you add Teri licking your clit, you'll feel like you are in sensory overload. Mind blowing comes to mind. I think licking your clit right now sounds like a good idea."

"Right after I suck your cock."

Does it get any better than this?