 Two years ago my wife, Janet, and myself, Paul moved to Reno, NV after 30 years in the Navy. 

Friends of ours had moved there and started a motorcycle and ORV repair business. He wanted us to go into business with him, so I took courses in motorcycle repair at night school before retiring, so I could hit the ground running.

Shortly after moving there Jimmy and Carol invited us to go to a club with them Saturday evening. 

"Now this is a different kind of club than you are used to. I will be up front with you. It is a swingers club, but there is no pressure on you and Janet to become involved.

The front is just like any other club, bar, band and dance floor. Nothing is allowed to go on in this area. You will see people making contact and yes, there will be singles there also. Any getting together on premises, has to be done in the back area, where there are rooms available by the hour."

"You and Carol are swingers?"

"Yes we are but not on a steady basis and never at the club. We may make arrangements to meet with some one or a couple but it has to be at home or a motel. So what do you say, you wanta go. If nothing else it will be a fun night of a few drinks and dancing."

I asked Janet if she was willing to go with them. She said, "Why not, we don't have to do anything we don't want to."

Saturday night, the four of us went out to dinner and then drove to the club. We were introduced at the door as guests and were escorted to a table. We ordered drinks and the band was just getting set up so we had time to look around. 

The place was just beginning to fill up and I noticed the couples and the singles were all well dressed. To my surprise I saw a couple guys that were customers of ours. I mentioned this to Jimmy.

He laughed. "Before the night is over you will see a more people we do business with. As you know most of our customers are what I like to call "weekend warriors." Quite a lot of our business comes from people here and there friends. As you have been finding out I have a pretty nice "house call" business. Something I want to talk to you about."

The band was ready to start playing. We ordered another round and got up to dance. 

"These are all good looking people and not all that young." Janet said to me as we were dancing. 

"Noticed that did ya? Not getting any ideas are you?"

"Honey, just being here and knowing that these people are getting it on with each other is kind of a turn on." She was looking around at everyone.

"You are serious, aren't you?"

"I don't know about that but see that couple over there, maybe a bit older than us. I wouldn't mind meeting them, they look like a nice couple. Let's ask Jimmy and Carol if they know them?"

Turns out they not only knew them but they were one of our customers. They both ride Harley's. We were introduced and the four of us were invited to sit with them. Jimmy declined as he and Carol were going to see a couple that just came in.

The couple we joined were Tom and Samantha. Tom asked us why we wanted to meet them. 

Janet replied, "It was my doing. I said you looked like a nice couple about our age that I wouldn't mind meeting."

Samantha asked us how old we were. We told them 52. They were both 58. 

"Come on Janet, let's dance and let the guys get better acquainted also."

"I can tell this is your first time here. Are you considering getting together with someone or just window shopping?" Tom asked me and we both laughed.

"I honestly can't tell you. Janet surprised me by even suggesting we meet someone, namely you two. So maybe we are doing more than window shopping."

Our wives came back to the table talking quietly between themselves and asked how we were getting along.

"Just fine." We both replied.

Samantha quietly suggested that we go back to a room and get to know each other.

"Not to worry, though, we never do anything here. Afterwards if you want to get with us, we will set a date and go from there."

Tom went to get a room while I went over and told Jimmie what we were doing. 

He smiled and said, "That's great. They are really nice people and if you decide to take the plunge, they would be the ideal couple to do it with."

Tom held up a key card and took Janet by the hand and Samantha linked her arm in mine and we went back to the room. I was not a bedroom but just a nice sitting room, with two love seats and a couple of end tables, a stereo system and a TV. There was also and "honor bar " where drinks were $5 a piece. Tom made him and I a rum and coke and the ladies had a glass of wine. 

It was not hard to tell they were very well off, but not stuck up. We talked about our lives, likes and dislikes, family and even a little motorcycle business. It was obvious that they were both in top physical condition, as are Janet and I. We strive to look our best.

Then the inevitable came up, sex. What were we into, what did we like, what was our favorite position, were we bi sexual or bi curious. 

They must have liked our answers because they looked at one another and smiled.

"We would like to invite you two to our home next Saturday night. We could go out to dinner first and then see where the evening takes us. What do ya say.?"

I looked a Janet and she shook her head "yes."

"Well, looks like it's a date. How should we dress for dinner?"

"Give me you guys number and I will call Janet and make plans. I want this to be special for you, no matter how the evening ends. I think I can say for both of us that we are very pleased that you decided to come over to our table." Tom nodded and smiled.

With that we got up and went back out, found Jimmy and Carol and we all sat around and had a couple more drinks and danced. Yes, with each others partners.

The next week Jimmy told me what he had in mind about our "house call" business. He wanted me to think about taking that part of the business because there were to many calls coming in to catch as catch can with them. A new aspect to the business if you will.

I told him I thought it was a good idea because I noticed we were getting behind and losing business because of it. 

Janet and I sat down and discussed what we were about to get ourselves into and that maybe all the excitement got the best of us. After a couple of hours of looking at it, we decided that if it happened we would deal with it afterwards and agreed that if one wanted to back out, the other would. Hopefully, this was not a mistake.

Samantha called Janet and had her meet her for lunch, where they discussed things further. That evening my wife seemed to be more at ease and said that she wanted to go ahead and get together with them.

Saturday evening we drove to Tom and Samantha's home. It was not what I had expected. It was a modest 2400 square foot, two story, nicely furnished and well kept. Not what one would expect from the President of a large company and a wife who was a paralegal. We actually felt very much at ease with them and their home. We left to go to dinner.

Janet and Samantha had chosen a little, out of the way, very romantic Italian restaurant.

The lighting was low and each table had a candle for light, except when looking at the menu there was a small light overhead that the waiter turned on when he brought the menu. I noticed that no one left that light on. Intimate it was.

After we all partook of the house specialty, Veal Parmasan and a bottle of wine, we drove back to their house.

There were no awkward moments. It was like what we were about to do was a regular thing. We went into a guest room, if one could call it that. It had a California King bed and a couple love seats, two nightstands and candles everywhere. 

Janet had told me to just follow their lead as Samantha had told her. They started to get undressed and we did the same. As all four of us slowly got naked, I saw I was right. They were in maybe better shape than my wife and myself. All four of us climbed onto the bed and started making our with our own partners. I had somewhat of a humorous thought. This was like priming the pump. 

Soon Tom was rubbing Janet and I had my hands on Samantha. Her tits were about the same size as Janet's. A nice hand full, B Cup, her stomach was flatter than Janets but her hips and ass were not as nice. 

I slid up and took Sam into my arms and we started to kiss. Not one moment of hesitation. I saw Janet and Tom tongue dueling next to us.

We both broke apart and Tom said that they preferred to always be together in one room rather than be separated. Janet and I looked at each other and said that would be fine with us.

I thought I might be upset by seeing Tom with my wife, even if I had his, but I wasn't and I don't think it entered Janet's mind either.

Meanwhile, I was kissing and running my tongue down Sam's neck and working my way down to her breasts. Her nipples were small, little nubs and the areola was only about the size of a quarter. I started to suck on one of them and was rubbing the other with my forefinger. They both became very taut and the more I sucked the more Sam moaned, holding my head to her breast. 

"Roll over, you got me so fucking hot sucking my nipples. I wanta suck your cock and I want you to eat me." She rotated around with her thighs on each side of my head. She lowered her bald pussy down onto my mouth and at the same time took my cock into her silky, wet mouth. 

She had perfumed her pussy. It smelled fantastic. She was already dripping as I licked up and down her slightly opened and swollen lips. 

Her mouth was going a mile a minute on my rock hard cock. It was like she couldn't get enough of it. I felt the head start to enter her throat and then she pulled back off. She did this each and every time. Damn, she had no gag reflex.

"Fuck my pussy with that tongue, dammit. Eat me," she screamed and dropped her pussy all the way onto my face. I pushed my tongue into her pussy as far as I could. I was just able to get it out enough to touch her clit once in awhile. When I did that she would hump my face and then settle back down.

Thank God she did that or I don't know how I would have gotten a breath. 

I knew I could not last long now. I could feel my sperm starting to work in my balls and they started to tighten up. Samantha plunged her mouth all the way onto my cock, deepthroating and holding it there and making like she was swallowing. All the time humping my tongue. I knew we were both gonna go off like rockets. Man, was I right.

I screamed into her pussy and she did the same with my cock buried to the hilt in her throat. I felt a hot rush of fluid from her steamy pussy and I felt my cock go off in her mouth. 

She pulled off my cock so that only the head was in her mouth and I finished off in her mouth.

Her pussy was still leaking into my mouth and I was about out of breath. I pushed her up by her tight ass. She got the message and rolled over. We were both sated and just barely conscious.

Once we recovered we sat up and looked over at Tom and Janet. They applauded.

Janet squealed, "That was so fucking hot. You two were a couple of animals in heat."

"Doesn't look like you missed out on much, wifey dearest."

Tom was sitting with his back against the headboard and Janet was laying out on the bed with her head laying on his leg and he was rubbing his cock on her face. 

"We were just getting started when you two went into overdrive so we decided to just watch and now you two can watch us."

Samantha and I looked at each other and said, "OK." This is going to be interesting.

Janet took Tom's cock into her mouth. She shouldn't have any trouble with it, I thought, we are about the same size. 

She was teasing the swollen head with her tongue. Every so often she would tongue the slit and lap up his precum. I saw her look up at him and thought I saw her smile. With that she took his whole cock down her throat in one swallow. He looked down at her with a shocked look on her face.

"You go girl," Samantha hollered," Swallow my man's cock."

Janet would pull off his cock and take it all again. It had taken her a long time before she mastered that and I knew just how good that felt to Tom. He was not going to last long at that rate.

Pulling her head off his throbbing cock he said, "Damn woman, no offense, but you are one hell of a cocksucker."

"No offense taken."

"I gotta have that sweet looking pussy though. I don't want to blow my load down your throat. I want to fill your hot pussy."

My hot wife rolled over on her back, legs up, feet flat on the mattress. Tom climbed between her legs, grabbed her behind he knees, lifted and pushed her legs back until her knees were by her head. Her swollen, sodden pussy was wide open now, ready to take his throbbing, rigid cock. 

"Reach down and put it in." She reached down, just barely able to get a hold of him and placed the purple head between her wet, ready pussy lips. He slowly slid into her steamy vagina, inch by inch until he was buried to the hilt, his heavy balls resting on her ass. 

They slowly started to move in unison. He would pull out so just the head was in and then start the trip all the way back. After a few times, my wife, got more deliberate in her movements and they started moving faster and faster. Her lower back coming up off the bed to meet his now pummeling thrusts. They were in a rhythm now and settled down to what could only be called good hard fucking.

"I can't watch that anymore. Fuck me doggie, Paul. We can fuck and watch at the same time that way." Who was I to argue. 

When I saw her ass and bare pussy pushed into the air as she got onto all fours, I nearly blew my load right there. Her ass cheeks were not real meaty and in that position her little rose bud was on display, as well as her swollen, hungry pussy. 

I move up behind her on my knees and rubbed the head of my cock from as far up the front of her pussy as I could and then all the way up her ass crack, stopping to tease that little hole, that seemed to be winking at me. 

"Quit playing around and fuck me, you bastard." I did just that.

When I got back down to her pussy, I shoved my rod all the way to the hilt and didn't give her a chance to respond before I jack hammered that hot pussy of hers, until she finally started thrusting back against me. I slapped her once on each butt cheek. 

"Yooowwwwwwwwww, I'll get you for that." I just laughed and fucked her harder.

Meanwhile, my hot wife and Tom were still at it. They were slick with perspiration and there was a froth at the junction of his cock and her pussy. They were grunting and groaning and seemed to be on another plane.

Sam and I quit watching and got into our own lust filled zone. Sweat was now running down my face and dripping onto her ass. She was so wet and open, I had a hard time not slipping out on the back stroke. It was like fucking a greased, silk sleeve.

It was, "oh-oh," when I pulled out and "aaaaaaaaaumph," when I buried myself in her.

She started to make louder noises and literally slamming back against my pelvis. She was about to let go and so was I.

"Sam, I'm gonna cum."

"Wait, wait, ohhhhh, now,give me your load"

We climaxed together. I felt her come on my cock as I filled her spasming pussy with shot after shot of hot jism.

She collapsed onto her belly and I fell over along side of her. Drained like I haven't been in ages.

As I lay there, I heard Janet scream, that she was cumming and Tom let out a roar as he unloaded in my wife's sloppy, frothy pussy.

I looked over just as he pulled out of her and backed away. His cock was going flaccid and dripping their juices and her hole was gaping, just like Samantha's had been. 

We all lay there for awhile and I said, "Ok, who's for a shower?"

Janet and I took the shower that was in the bedroom we were in and Tom and Samantha went into the master.

We didn't speak to one another. After the water was the temperature we wanted we got in and I started to wash my wife. I couldn't believe it I was getting hard again. I turned her to face me, pushed her back against the shower wall, raised one of her legs and held it in the crotch of my arm as I slid my now almost hard cock into her still slightly open pussy with no problem and started thrusting up into her. She whispered, "Fuck me, fuck me good." We both came again and we continued until the water started to cool off and ended up finishing cleaning up in cold water. It had been years since I stayed hard in her after I had cum.

We dried each other off. 

I asked her, "Are we alright."

"I don't know about you but I am more than alright."

"Me, too."

To be continued.