 This is a continuation of my FOURSOME TO BE? that was posted a few week ago. For those of you who read that posting this account of our New Year's weekend will be a natural flow of of what has happened in the last year. The following account of our weekend starts of rather quickly with a foursome. In real life it took us over a year to to take part in our first foursome. For those readers who missed the first posting you will probably enjoy this story more if you read that one before reading the following.

When I started writing the first story I wondered if I was writing it for the enjoyment of others or my own pleasure. It's probably a little bit of both. If it aroused you, Great! It still arouses me when I reread it. In either case I want to be able to read this when I'm old and gray.

I've tried to remember as much as possible about our foursome with Wade and Jo on New Year's Eve. When I got to my office on Monday I closed the door and immediately went to my computer and started typing notes. 

My first pass was a rough draft while the memories were still strong. Over the next couple of days I went back and filled in the details of our foursome. I think what I've written is fairly accurate and hope you enjoy reading about it. Some of the words spoken certainly aren't exactly what was said but darned close.

I know I'll have to edit out some of the raw language we actually used if my wife is ever going to read this in the future. She's not a prude by any means when it comes to sex but I have seen her wince if I use words like fuck, cunt, pussy or prick. She has to be highly aroused or had too much to drink which isn't very often.

************

Maybe a brief review of last year's warming relationship with Wade and Jo is in order. Marti and I (Jim) are in our early thirties. A couple of readers wondered why we don't have any children. Simple answer is we want to save a little more money for a home we want to build. I never asked Wade and Jo about the lack of children. They are about twenty years older than us so I guess they're past wanting children.

Anyway's, Marti and I first met with Wade and Jo a little over a year ago. Marti and Jo are nurses and work in the same office. We started going out to dinners and shows and had a lot of fun. The first few times we greeted one another's spouses with a light hug and maybe a quick kiss on the cheek. As the months passed Wade's light hugs became longer and stronger. By the end of the year he was groping Marti's ass. I was going to tell him to back off but discovered that Marti was getting turned on by it. After an evening with Wade and Jo, Marti would want sex. And I mean hot sex! No foreplay. She was usually wet! So who was I to complain! Well, one thing led to another and I started groping Jo. She turned out to be more than ready and willing to play. We became a willing partners for an evening of one on one fantastic oral sex! Best I have ever had! She was so good I asked Jo to teach Marti how to give a really good blow job. I can now attest to the fact that Jo is a good instructor. Cucumbers proved to be great instructional tools! The details are in my first story. 

Things got out of control when Jo told me that Wade wanted to fuck my wife! It's been a fantasy of mine to watch Marti have sex with another guy. But only a fantasy! I tried to back away from the situation. I thought it was under control until Marti came home one night and asked if I wanted to go out and celebrate New Year's Eve. I thought she meant the two of us and gave her an enthusiastic yes. Then she told me Wade and Jo were making reservations at a hotel in the city. I tried to back out. Marti wanted to go and wanted to dance the New Year in. When she pouted I gave in!

************ 

A few days before New Years I decided to talk to Marti about the hugging and groping we all had been doing the past year. I tried to open the discussion with some discreet remarks but the words came tumbling out. It sounded like I was accusing her of fooling around! 

Her face got red.

"Wade hasn't done that! I would have slapped him!"

"Oh come on Marti, he's been rubbing your butt for months! I know you like it!" 

"No!"

"No he hasn't been touching you. Or no you don't like it?"

"Yes! No! I mean no!"

"I know you like it! After we go out with them you always want to have sex when we get home! And you're always wet!"

"Damn it Jim! What about you? I've seen you pulling Jo into some long hugs!"

So! She had seen me groping Jo and hadn't said anything!

"Yeah. You're right. You were hugging Wade and I started hugging Jo. Did you like it?"

A few moments went by.

"Did you like Wade rubbing your butt?"

"Why didn't you tell him to stop?"

Now it was my turn to pause.

"I should have. But we were having such hot sex after a night with them I kept quiet."

"I would have stopped him if you had said something to me. Now that I think of it Jim, you were also turned on after we went out with them. Did Jo turn you on?" 

Boy was that a trick questions! She knew I was turned on! Do I tell her I was getting turned on watching Wade rub her butt or turned on by Jo? Or both!

"Yeah. Hugging her was a turn on. She seemed to like it."

There it was! We both admitted hugging Jo and Wade was turning us on! 

Then I voiced my concern.

"What's been going on for the past year is flirting. Maybe a little more that flirting. We both shouldn't have done it. But, we did and I guess we both enjoyed it. Going out to dinner with them is one thing. Going to a hotel is a lot different."

"Oh Jim, I'm sorry for what happened. We have a lot of fun with them. I guess we should cancel. Want me to call Jo?"

Ah geez! Cripes, she put the ball in my court! 

I paused.

"I think we should cancel but I know how you've been looking forward to going to the city. The hotel is going to have a show and some music. Dancing in New Years might be fun. Never done it before."

"Yeah it would be fun."

"Tell you what. I know you work with Jo and like your job. If Wade gets grabby tell him to stop. If he doesn't, give me a signal and I'll tell them I'm not feeling good."

"What kind of signal?"

I thought a bit. "How about two thumbs down? Like the Romans did to the Gladiators."

She giggled. "Okay. Two thumbs down!"

We were were moving towards a foursome!

************     

Wade & Jo drove to the city ahead of us. I thought it was a good idea to take separate cars in case the weekend proved disastrous. Both Marti and I were unusually quiet on the drive. I was thinking, "Do I really want a foursome with Jo and Wade? Do I really want Wade to have sex with my wife?" 

I suspect Marti was also thinking about what had gone in the past year. Wade had started the year with slightly hugging Marti whenever we got together. The hugs had escalated to embraces and hands on her butt when we met them for an evening. I kept on visualizing the time I saw him with his hand between her legs. Marti didn't know Jo and I had seen it but I know Wade knew we saw it. 

When Marti and I arrived we were checked into the honeymoon suite. High end accommodations we couldn't have afforded if it hadn't been for Wade's brother who is the district manager for the hotel chain. 

The focal point of the room was, of course, the bed. I have never seen such a big bed. It was huge! Must have been custom made. The next thing I noticed was the mirrors in the ceiling and walls. The wall mirrors had a slight tilt. We could watch ourselves make love. Later on we found out that the footstool in front of the bed was as wide as the bed. Great for sex with Marti riding me like she was on a horse. There was a Jacuzzi tub off to one side of the room. The bathroom even had a bidet. The room was designed for sex!

Marti was quiet as she walked around the room.

"Oh my! Look at those mirrors!"

I laughed.

"It's 3:00. We'll be meeting Jo & Wade at 7:00. Want to try the bed?"

"You bet!"

I reached out and pulled her into my arms. As often as I have felt her breasts press against me today was special. I started to undress Marti. She reached down and gave me a gentle squeeze. I was going from 0 to 60 in a second.Her blouse dropped to the floor!

Knock! Knock!

Damn! Someone was at the door.

We ignored it.

Knock! Knock! 

They kept on knocking! Marti picked up her blouse and headed for the bathroom.

"See who it is!"

I opened the door and it was Jo and Wade! Wade was carrying two bottles of wine. Jo looked at me.

"Are we interrupting something?"

She saw that my shirt was pulled out and smiled. Wade laughed. 

Jo quickly moved into me and kissed me like a long lost lover. Wade was smiling when she let me go!

They immediately spotted the bed and the mirrors.

"We can have a good time in this room. Those mirrors are even tilted away from the wall so that you can see better."

He wasn't being subtle about his intentions. Jo let out a sexy sigh.

Marti came out of the bathroom with her clothes in place. It was Wade's turn to say something.

"What a great room! Wow! Did we interrupt something?"

He moved towards Marti and kissed her the same way Jo had kissed me.

He quickly moved both of his hands down Marti's back to her ass. He pushed his waist forward as he touched my wife's ass!

He wasn't wasting any time! Marti was blushing as they broke their embrace.

No thumbs down! What about our discussion we had yesterday? 

Marti smiled and said, "It's good to see you" as she looked directly into Wade's eyes

Cripes! She was being more than receptive to his hug and ass squeeze!

What the hell is going on?

Jo said, "Hey Wade! Let's pop the cork on that wine!" Only when she said cork it sounded like cock!

The wine started flowing! It was mid afternoon. The wine hit our empty stomachs and went straight to our brains! I could feel myself getting high!

Then Marti said something that set the course for the weekend!

"Oh darn! I forgot to bring my special hand lotion."

She is fanatical about keeping her hands moisturized. A pet peeve for me but not a big deal. 

"I wonder if there is a CVS pharmacy in town. That's where I usually buy it."

"Maybe there is some in the bathroom."

"I like the special lotion CVS sells." 

Wade helped out.

"There's one on the other side of town. Probably a 30 minute drive. I want to buy some more wine. I can get them both."

"I should go. I want to be sure it's the right lotion."

"That will work for me. I can use the exercise room while you're gone."

Cripes! I'm half buzzed and talking about working out! 

Jo said, "Why don't you both go. I'll take a nap while you're gone."

She walked out of of room with them. 

I made a quick change into my sweat pants and jersey and was ready to go.

************

When I opened our door to head to the exercise room Jo was standing outside! She was waiting for me!

She gave me a gentle shove and push me back into my room!

"They will be gone for an hour! Let's try out that bed and watch ourselves fuck!"

Nothing discreet about what she wanted to do! The wine in my body eliminated any rational thought. I was about to do something that could destroy my marriage!

She started to remove her clothes as she headed for the bathroom and turned to me.

"Get naked buster!"

She was in and out of the bathroom in a flash. 

"That bidet felt great! The water is warm. Go try it!"

She was right! I used it and washed between my legs with soap and quickly rinsed off. A new experience!

She was laying on the bed with her legs spread wide open and looking at her reflection in the ceiling mirror and then to the mirrors on the wall.

"Wow! I'm going to like this! Come lick my pussy!"

I positioned myself between her legs, looked up, then to the left and then to the right. I've seen a few X rated movies but this was the ultimate. The tilted wall mirrors gave us a perfect view.

"Quit the looking and lick my pussy! Make me Cum!"

Her shaved pussy glistened! Jo had coached Marti about oral sex using cucumbers and the benefits of a shaved pussy. Lucky me!

Going down on her I could no longer look in the mirrors. I licked, I sucked, I pushed my tongue in, I sucked some more then I lifted her legs up and over my shoulders. I twisted her around so that I could see us in one of the wall mirrors. I had to strain my neck backwards but seeing Jo with her legs spread open and my head between them was mind blowing!

"Lick me! Lick me! Lick me! Suck it! Suck it! Suck it!"

"Do my clit!"

When my tongue touched her clit she went wild! 

"Suck it! Suck it! Oh yeah!'

My tongue started to ache! The woman was insatiable! 

"Now fuck me!" 

She quickly rolled over and got up on her knees.

She wanted it doggy style!

I could see us our reflection in the wall mirrors. Seeing her in that position was fantastic!

I didn't hesitate and slammed into her.

"Fuck me with that fat prick! Fuck me!"

I wanted this to last a long time so I slowed down the pace and would occasionally slam into her. I kept looking to the side and watching us in the mirror. Jo was also looking. We looked at one another in the mirror! Man! What a turn on! 

************

I detected a shadow of movement in the room! I looked up!

Marti and Wade were walking through the door! They had come back within 15 minutes. (I found out later that CVS had a new store in the same block as our hotel.)

I froze! 

"Don't stop! Fuck me!"

She hadn't seen them!

Marti had a look of shock! She was about to say something when Wade moved behind her and placed one hand over her mouth. He took his other hand and used a finger in a rolling motion to indicate that I should continue fucking his wife!

"Come on Jim, keep fucking me. I love your fat prick!"

I gave a weak push forward.

"That's it! Do Me!"

Wade kept his right hand on Marti's mouth as he slowly moved closer to us. I could see her struggling.

He moved his left hand over Marti"s stomach then up to her breast.

Her eyes went wide!

He whispered something into her ear. She kept looking at us!

He whispered again. He kept on caressing her breast! He whispered again.

He bent slightly and kissed my wife's neck!

She stopped struggling!

Then he removed his right hand from Marti's mouth and moved it to her right breast.

He was caressing both breasts!

I could see the tension leave her body.

She leaned back against Wade!

I knew right then that Wade was going to be fucking my wife!

All of their touching in the past year had primed Marti for what was about to happen!

Jo was still looking at the mirror on the wall.

"I love watching you fuck me. It makes me hot!"

Wade started to unbutton Marti's blouse and she closed her eyes.

He quickly unsnapped her bra.

The sexy bra I had given her for Christmas! 

He tossed it up in the air to indicate that victory was his!

I knew once he started touching her bare breasts Marti would never turn back. He moved his hands under her breasts and started a slow gentle massage. He pushed them upward! What a sight!

Marti's mouth opened into a slight O shape. Then she smiled! She was loving it!

He started moving his fingers over her nipples. They immediately got hard! He alternated back and forth between massaging her breasts, lifting them up and running his fingers over her nipples.

She sighed! Jo didn't hear her.

I was getting hot watching them!

Marti tilted her head back and Wade shifted slightly and kissed her!

The kiss started out gently and quickly turned into one of passion!

They were both hot! The kissing and breast rubbing was hot to watch and went on and on!

Wade then suddenly moved in front of Marti, bent down, and immediately sucked one nipple into his mouth!

Then he started switching back and forth. After ten or so sucks Marti grabbed the back of his head. 

"Suck them!"

Jo heard that and looked up to see Wade sucking my wife's tits!

"Wow!"

Marti looked at Jo and smiled. 

We were starting the foursome I had fantasized about for years!

We could hear Wade sucking my wife's tits. He would suck them in and then let them pop out of his mouth! 

The sucking sound and Marti's sighs are something I can still hear as I write this!

"Suck! Suck! Suck! Suck!"

Wade and Marti were still standing at the foot of the bed. I felt some anger that she had been seduced so easily! Then thought about where my prick was presently located! 

Jo let out a slight giggle. She was enjoying watching her husband and my wife!

Wade got on his knees and started to pull Marti's skirt down!

"Let me unbutton it."

She was helping in her seduction!

The skirt dropped to the floor and Wade quickly pulled Mart's panties down! He was fast! 

"Damn! No hair! I love it!"

Marti moved her feet apart! She wanted Wade to lick her pussy!

He moved in and started licking and sucking her!

My prick was still inside Jo but I had stopped moving. She was quiet!

Wade grabbed Marti's ass and lick and sucked and licked and sucked.

She grabbed his head!

"Oooohhh! Aaaahhh!"

Then she looked at me and smiled!

Her smile started to change and she closed her eyes!

She threw her head backward!

I knew the look!

She was going to cum!

I have never seen her cum so quickly! She moaned and sighed and Wade kept licking!

"Ahhhh!  Ahhhh! Ahhhh!"

She started to slump down! Wade helped her lay on the floor. 

They dropped out of our sight.

Jo whispered, "Let's watch them." 

We slipped off the bed and got on the floor so that Marti's head was closest to us.

Here we were in the Honeymoon Suite and my wife is laying on the floor with another guy!

Marti's legs were spread open waiting for Wade! 

She wanted him to fuck her!

He still had his clothes on. He knelt down and started licking Marti's pussy again. She like that!.

"Ah God, lick me!" 

Wade went to work. Marti sounded like she was getting ready to cum again.

He stopped, moved up onto his knees and took off his shirt.

Man! He really was going to fuck her on the floor!

He stood up and dropped his pants. Then he pulled down his briefs.

I heard myself say, "Jesus Christ!"

Talking about a 9" long prick was one thing!

Seeing it in real life was scary!

I had played a lot of high school and college sports and seen naked guys in the locker rooms. I have never seen such a long prick!

Marti was staring at Wade's prick!

Jo said, "Isn't that something!"

Wade move his body slightly so that his prick swung back and forth. 

He was putting on a show!

"It's huge!" It will never fit!"

There was a sound of fear in her voice!

Jo laughed!

"The first time I saw it I almost ran from the room. Don't worry it will fit and when he slides that thing into your pussy you won't want him to stop! It feels wonderful! Wade will go slow."

Wade swung his prick again!

Marti had brought her knees together and I thought she was going to say no way.

Wade knew what to say and do.

"I'll stop if you tell me to stop."

He knelt down and put his knees on the outside of Marti's knees. Then he started to massage Mart's breast's again. He had already found out how hot she got when they were touched.

He bent down and started to lick, kiss and suck her nipples.

She moaned!

Wade spent several minutes making love to her breasts. While he was doing this his huge cock was resting between her still closed legs.

Then he moved up! His prick slid over my wife's pussy.

She flinched!

He kept moving upward then used his hand to place his prick between her breasts.

He was going to tit fuck her!

Marti and I love doing that. When we do it she pushes her breasts together while I slide up and down. When I push up a little further she licks and sucks the head of my prick.
