 Howdy, everyone. Thanks for stopping by and taking a read of our story. I say "our" because this story isn't just about me; it's about my three wives, too. 

Let me back up: This is a continuation of a story that begins with "Spring Break" and "Weekend Getaway". If you haven't already, I suggest you check those out first, but if not, here's the short version:

Back in March of 1996, I was a living Jacksonville, Florida and a junior in college. I used some of my parents's timeshare points for a spring break vacation with me and four friends. First was Melinda, my kinda-sorta-sometimes girlfriend. Second was Leah, one of my dearest friends from middle and high school whose boyfriend dumped her a matter of days before the week that changed our lives. Next were Katie and Carl, a girl I knew from physics class and her high school sweetheart.

The five of us embarked on a sexual journey which involved me getting my head un-stuck from my ass and realising just how much I was in love with Melinda, Leah and Katie falling for one another, and Carl . . . well, let's just say he couldn't cope with the situation and he broke up with Katie.

After everyone graduated, we moved to Asheville, North Carolina, in part to get away from Katie's fundy Christian mother and partly to discover ourselves among some of the most beautiful mountains in God's entire Creation. Life went on; we were two couples who swapped often and enjoyed each other, not only physically, but we became best friends and soulmates. The girls pursued their professional careers and I became a stay-at-home dad to Melinda and my daughter and son, plus Katie and Leah's adopted twin girls.

At the time of this story, Kaylee is a rambunctious five years old and Bryan is almost three. Gwendollyn and Gabrielle are a couple of months behind him, although they've only been living with us for a little over a year; Katie and Leah traveled to Vietnam where they picked them up from the orphanage. We lead a quiet life; the girls's three incomes provide more than enough for our daily needs, and we made enough money in the dot-com and real estate markets to be financially stable for the rest of our lives.

Eleven years after our spring break adventure, the four of us rented a luxury cabin in the woods of north Georgia. While there, the four of us consummated our relationship as a polyamorous foursome. Along the way, the girls conspired to all get pregnant and now they're all expecting. 

One afternoon, we went shopping at the local outlet malls and ran into some old friends. Geoff and Yesmine graduated with Leah and I and live in Atlanta. At the end of our visit, they let us in on one of their little secrets and offered us a proposition . . . 

*************

A noise startled me. I jerked awake, blinking the sleep from my eyes.

The TV was on. Bryan was nestled in the crook of one arm, Gabrielle in the other. Their eyes were glazed over; both sleepily watched the race. Her twin sister Gwendollyn was quietly playing with a family of Potato Heads on the coffee table.

"Enjoying your little nap?" Katie kissed me, then picked up our son. He lazily snuggled up to his Momma. Now that she had me all to herself, Gabi cuddled a little closer.

I just yawned.

"Come on, kids," my wife said softly. "It's time to go."

"Go?" I asked bewilderedly. "Where?"

"Their friend Zoe is having a pool party this afternoon." As soon as they heard the word "pool" all three perked right up. Katie patted me on the head and winked. "Don't worry, Melinda and I will take them. You can finish your nap."

I gave each of the three a kiss then lay back down on the couch. The girls and the kids made some noise for a few minutes then I heard the van start up and drive off. A quick glance at the TV showed Jeff Gordon in the lead with 80 or so laps to go. I had almost drifted off again when I heard the door at the top of the stairs open. I recognised the soft footsteps. I smiled to myself and pretended to be asleep.

"Daddy?" I heard someone whisper. Her voice was soft and innocent. Angelic. Like a little girl's. "Daddy, are you sleeping?"

Resisting the urge to respond, I lay there until I felt her sit on the couch next to me. Someone's fingertips ran tentatively across my cheek. I didn't respond, instead I continued my feigned nap.

The hand ran down my neck. I felt her get off the couch and sit on the floor next to me. Soft lips pressed against my neck. The ends of her hair tickled my skin.

It was all I could do not to reach out and jump her.

"Daddy?" she whispered again. With a naturally light touch, I felt hands running down my body. My cock began to harden as they expertly unbuttoned my shorts.

Soon enough my zipper was pulled down and I felt her fingers caress my sex. Using one hand to push my boxer-briefs down, she sprung my cock loose.

I wasn't fully erect but it didn't matter to her. I couldn't help but gasp when my cock was enveloped by that warm, wet feeling all guys absolutely love.

"Are you awake, Daddy?" my lover giggled.

Ever so slowly, I unrolled my eyes from the back of my head. Leah looked intently back at me, the head of my cock between her lips.

Her big brown eyes appeared innocent but they only belied the sexy little devil within her. Her hair was pulled back in pigtails. She wore a white button down shirt that was tied below her breasts; she wasn't wearing a bra. My favourite mini-skirt barely covered her white cotton panties and showed off all of her shapely legs.

"Yes, Sugar," I replied, using our private pet name, a play on "Sweetie", which is how the three of us usually refer to her.

We may be a foursome, but there are times when we want to be pairs. Leah and I started this role-play several years ago; it was our little secret and we never include Melinda and Katie in this particular fantasy. There are several variations: Slutty Sugar, Dominant Daddy, Sugar Gets Caught Watching Daddy's DVDs, Daddy's Little Girl and so on. I had a similar arrangement with each of the other two, and I'm sure they had their own private games as well.

"I'm sorry for waking you, Daddy," she said, her eyes twinkling. That's bullshit; there isn't a sorry bone in her hot little body.

My reply was cut short as she sucked my entire length into her mouth. I hardened immediately. 

"Oh, Jesus, Sugar!" I moaned. It took every ounce of willpower I possessed not to grab her hair and begin fucking her pretty face.

Just as my toes started to tingle, she pulled back. I struggled to catch my breath.

Cupping my balls in her hand, she nibbled along the underside of my cockhead.

"Kaylee is spending the night with her friend Tammy." Leah slipped out of character for just a second. As she spoke, her breath along the length of my shaft made my skin crawl (in the good way). "Melinda and Katie took the others to Zoe's. We should have about three hours all to ourselves."

"What should we do for those three hours?" I looked down at my wife through eyes that were hooded over with pleasure and desire.

"I think Daddy needs to have some Sugar," she replied, caressing my tumescent sex.

"Or does Sugar need to have her Daddy?" I retorted.

"Sugar always needs her Daddy," my lover replied seductively. Before I could respond, she inhaled my cock again.

I barely remembered to breathe. Leah's tongue worked its way along the underside of my cockhead. Her hand slid up and down my shaft.

"That feels so good, Sugar," I moaned.

Her reply was muffled by the head of my cock in her mouth. My head fell back onto the cushions. My satisfied groans became louder; with the house empty, I didn't have to worry about anyone hearing our lovemaking or walking in on us.

My wife's mouth moved expertly over me. Her hands stroked my length and she squeezed my balls.

"Does Daddy like that?" she purred.

"Daddy loves that," I managed to whisper.

"Do I do that better than Mommy?"

Before I could reply, Leah took all of me in her mouth. I sucked in a deep breath and tried not to claw at her hair. A shiver ran from the top of my head down to my toes. "Oh, god, yes!"

"I've been practising for you, Daddy," she said, a twinkle in her eyes. 

"Practising?" I asked with the slightest hint of disapproval in my voice. "With who, Sugar?"

"Some boys I met at school," she replied innocently. Her hands stroked me and she blew on my wet cock, causing the head to flare. "They like it when I suck on them like this . . ."

She then launched another assault on my sex and I couldn't respond, in or out of character.

"Do you know why I suck on other boys's penises?" she asked after a second. All I could do was shake my head. "Because I want to practise for you, Daddy. I want to be your cocksucking little Sugar."

Through my tunnel vision, I saw one hand disappear beneath her skirt. Her erect nipples were clearly visible through the thin material of her shirt.

"Do you do more than suck other boys?" I asked, trying desperately to stay in character.

"No, Daddy," she replied with a mischievous grin. "I won't even let them play with my boobies. . . . They're not allowed to cum in my mouth, either . . . Only you cum in my mouth, Daddy."

I gasped as her head bobbed up and down on my lap. At this rate, I wasn't going to last very long.

"Am I really better than Mommy?" Sugar asked. "Or are you just saying that so I won't stop?"

My hand brought her chin up so she was looking into my eyes. The head of my sex was still in her mouth. "Sweetheart, you are the best little cocksucker in the world."

She smiled at the compliment, even though she knew it was a lie. Of the four of us, Melinda (codename: "Mommy") has the best oral skills, hands down. And we all know it. Still, for this little role-play, we could pretend. Besides, in my household, there's no such thing as a bad blowjob.

My eyes rolled into the back of my head as Sugar's head bobbed up and down in my lap. It felt like all of the blood in my body was being drawn into my sex. Her lips moved expertly along my shaft.

Her hand held the skin taut and her teeth raked my head. If I died right there, I'd have gone to Heaven with a smile on my face for all eternity.

"Sugar . . ." I croaked, as if to warn her.

She mumbled a reply and only picked up her pace.

Every muscle in my body tensed.

I cried out and involuntarily thrust upwards into her mouth.

Reflexively my body tried to sit up, but her hand went to my chest and the pushed me back on to the couch.

Her teeth raked the soft underside of my cock. My hands went to her head and it was all I could do not to grab her by the hair and ram all the way into her mouth.

"Oh, god," I breathed. "Sugar . . . I'm about to . . . I'm . . ."

With that, she squeezed my balls again and I exploded into her mouth. I tried to speak. I tried to moan. No sound came out.

Her lips sealed themselves around the flaring head of my cock. Even after the jets of cum subsided, she suckled on me.

The waves of pleasure went on for a few precious moments. She let me down gently. I gasped for breath.

When the room stopped spinning, I opened my eyes enough to look down at my lover. My cock was still in her mouth. Her tongue and lips moved just enough to keep me stimulated. She wanted me to stay hard for her.

There was a loving look in her eyes. She winked at me. I feebly smiled back at her.

"I love the way you taste, Daddy," she said, a touch of laughter in her voice.

"And I love the way you do that, Sugar," I replied once I found my voice.

"I have something else for you, Daddy." Still holding my cock in her hand, she snaked her way up my body. We kissed, hard and deep.

"Anything," I said eagerly.

"Will you make love to me?"

"Of course, Sugar." We kissed again. Her hand stroked me a little faster. I started to push her back on the couch but she stopped me. 

"Not here, Daddy. . . . Take me to bed." Her eyes flicked in the direction of our "adult" play room. I smiled wickedly.

I stood and took her in my arms. She nuzzled up against my neck as I carried her to the door. As we approached, she pulled back just enough to reach into her shirt. Around her neck was a key on a thin gold chain.

As I nibbled on her ear, she slipped the key into the lock and pushed the door open.

Sugar reached for the light switch and I kicked the door shut. Winding my way around some of the obstacles in the room, I set her down on the bed. It was almost as big as our bed upstairs and could accommodate all four of us. We don't sleep down here much, but that's not why we built this room.

It takes up almost a full third of the downstairs area. The walls and ceiling are fireproof and soundproof. There are mirrors everywhere. There's a full bathroom including a jacuzzi bathtub and glass shower sit in one corner of the room; of course, they will accommodate all of us. There are no windows. A large flat-screen TV hangs on one wall next to a panel of computer monitors and video equipment. On top of recording our own "entertainment" when the mood strikes us, we've wired all of the other rooms in the house with monitoring equipment with audio and video, so if one of the kids needs us we can see and hear them.

In the original plans for the house, the full basement was open or part walled off for storage. Alternately, for the extra-paranoid, it could be a bomb shelter or a panic room. For us, it's neither. This is our playroom.

A steel I-beam runs the length of the ceiling, dangling with hooks and rope. There's a hydraulic lift in one corner for the swing. All sorts of contraptions are scattered about, each designed to bring pleasure to one (or more) of us. The bed has an elegant wrought iron frame that is perfect for tie-downs. And of course it's just the right height for me.

When we first most moved in to the house, we used the room frequently. Whether it was in pairs, threesomes or all four of us, we got a lot of mileage out of the "sexarium" as we called it. When the kids came along, our private time dwindled (as you might expect). A couple of times, we've paid babysitters to watch them while we snuck down here, but more and more, the little ones take up our time. 

Upon returning from our trip to Georgia, we vowed to make more time for the four of us. After all, we were married now, and a marriage—any marriage—requires effort. The girls don't work as much as they used to. At least once every other week, the four of us go out to dinner or a play or gallery opening or ballroom dancing lesson with the rule that there is no talking about the kids, work or money.

We've also tried to come down to the basement more often, just to be together. Of course, we also know that once the new kids arrive, our already thinly-stretched schedules will have even more demands on them, so we're making an attempt to pack in as much quality time for the four of us now.

Unfortunately, one of the side effects of having three pregnant women in the house is that we've had to give up some of our rougher games. But that doesn't mean we can't find other ways to have some fun . . . does it?

All my wives are almost three months along and everyone is healthy. We haven't broken the news to the other kids yet; Melinda wants to wait until everyone starts showing before telling them. Katie had some morning sickness but that seems to have passed. Leah is ecstatic that she's having twins and we all decided that we wanted to wait until the delivery day to find out the sexes of the children.

On the plus side, one of the other side effects of having three pregnant women in the house is that I'm getting luckier than usual. I don't know what it is about being pregnant, but all three girls are horny as hell (not a complaint; I'm just sayin'). Of course, when they get in one of their moods, things can get ugly—especially if one is having a bad day and takes the other two with her—but for the most part, things have been under control lately.

I set my Sugar down on the bed and tugged at the knot in her shirt. Her breasts spilled out. She pulled my t-shirt over my head and my shorts fell to the floor. Soon enough, we were both undressed.

My eyes devoured the sight before me. My lover lay on her back. Her breasts fell slightly to the sides. Her neatly-trimmed pussy was slick with excitement. Her hands ran absently up and down her body.

"Daddy," she whispered, still in character. "There's something I want to give you."

"What is it, Sugar?"

"My cherry." Her eyes twinkled and she smiled lovingly at me. Gwen and Gabi have both learned this smile from their Momma and it makes my heart melt every time, no matter who's giving it to me. 

"Are you sure?" I asked, slipping a little bit of fatherly concern into my voice.

"Oh, yes, Daddy," she purred. "I've wanted to give it to you for the longest time. Do you want my cherry, Daddy?"

"Yes, I do, sweetheart." I pushed her back on the bed and climbed between her legs. I was on my knees, my sex sticking out straight in front of me.

Taking my cock in my hand, I rubbed the head against her slit.

"That feels soooooo good, Daddy," she blew in my ear. "Put your big daddy-dick inside me . . . Make love to your Sugar."

All too happy to oblige, I pressed my sex forward, but not before leaning in to kiss my bride . . .er, Sugar. She gasped as the tip of my cock entered her.

"Oh, Daddy!" she cried out.

"Am I hurting you, Sugar?" I asked with a sly smile.

"No, Daddy," she moaned. "You're just so big . . ."

Just as I lied to her about being the best cocksucker in the world, she lied to me about having the biggest dick she'd ever taken inside her. It didn't matter, though, we were together, and that's what is important.

I pushed into her quickly. Her fingernails dug into my back. This was probably the hundredth time I had taken her "virginity" and it never gets old. 

"I love you," she whispered in my ear as I bottomed out.

All I could do was grunt. I started to pull out, but she wrapped her legs around my waist and held me close.

"Please make love to me." This time the little girl voice was gone. Her hands cupped my face and she pulled me into a long, sloppy kiss. I lost myself in her embrace. Time seemed to stand still. 

Our bodies pressed together. The desperation that consumed us earlier was gone. Instead we lay there for a long time. I moved my hips just enough to keep my hard-on.

Her hands caressed by body. My fingers teased her nipples. 

The role-play was forgotten as we melted into each other's arms. We started to grind together. After over a decade of lovemaking we could anticipate each other's movements. We complimented each other perfectly. 

Her hands went to my ass and she pulled me into her with each stroke. I kissed across her cheek to that spot just behind her ear that drives her crazy.

Our moans became louder. My thrusts came faster. 

Leah—she was no longer "Sugar"—spread her legs wide, taking all of my length inside her. Her pussy was slick for me. I was hard for her.

With each stroke, I thrust into the woman who was mother to my children. The woman who would soon bear me two more beautiful babies. My wife.

And she made love to me, her best friend from high school. Her lover from college. The father of her children. Her husband.

My toes started to tingle. She began to grunt with a little more enthusiasm.

We were both getting close.

I pulled back enough to look into her big brown eyes. My hand brushed the hair out of her face. We kissed one more time.

Just as she bit my lip, we came together. It wasn't hard or rough. It was tender and loving.

She arched her back and pressed her breasts into me. I thrust down towards her. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head. The blood started to pound through our veins.
