 Right, beers in the fridge. Tony and Pete are turning off their computers, everyone else has gone home. TV is on, the rugby is about to start. 

An hour later, we're winning, and the beers are flowing fast. Suddenly, I hear a noise from the office outside. I'm not overly alarmed, more like interested. I go out, closing my office door behind me. Marion is standing by her desk, getting something out of one of the drawers. As usual, she looks fucking beautiful. Her blonde hair loose, perfect makeup. She has a coat on, short, just above the knee, I can't see the hem of her dress, it must be shorter. Black tights, (I hope they're stockings) and high heels complete the picture. I can feel my cock twitch in my trousers. "Evening!"

"Oh, hi, Simon. I just popped in to get my phone. I left it here." She looked at my office door, as cheering could be heard. She smiled, "having a party?" 

"No, just a couple of the lads and I having a drink watching the rugby. Have you got time for a quick one?" She walked towards me, slowly, seductively. "I'm not fond of quick ones. I prefer them slow and long..." As she stepped past me, her hand brushed across my cock. She smiled at me again, and opened the door. "Good evening boys, who's going to get me a drink?"

Peter laughed, "Yay, the stripper's turned up!" Marion walked over, and run her fingers through his hair. "In your dreams!" She laughed, and took off her coat. Underneath, she was wearing the ubiquitous little black dress. Not too short, but dangerously so when she sat down and crossed her long legs. The top was cut low too, showing lots of cleavage. 

I don't think any of us really saw the last part of the game, we were all too bust plying Marion with beers, and watching the hem of her skirt slowly crawl up her thigh. Suddenly she glanced at her watch. "Shit, I'm supposed to be meeting the girls! Gotta go!" She walked a little unsteadily to Peter and Tony, and gave them both a kiss on the cheek. Walking out of my office, her coat over her arm, I followed her across the floor. "Hey." She stopped, and turned, raising am eyebrow at me. "Don't I get a kiss too?" Marion leaned forward, and gently kissed me on the mouth. I grabbed her round the waist, and pulled her hard against me, kissing her hard. My tongue slipped into her mouth, and she responded, kissing me back with a passion that almost took me by surprise. I slid my hands down from her waist onto her arse, feeling her cheeks fill my hands. I squeezed gently, pulling her against my now straining cock. Breaking off our kiss, she moved her head, and bit be on the earlobe. "God, you feel so hard. But I'm going to be late. I've got to go..."

The words were hardly out of her mouth before I slapped her hard on her perfect behind. "Oh no. You've been sitting there, flashing your thighs all evening, getting me hard. You aren't going anywhere until you've helped me with this." Roughly. I forced her to her knees in front of me. My bulging erection was inches from her face. She went to roll away, but I grabbed her by her long hair in one hand, whilst I unzipped myself with the other. My cock sprang out. "Suck it! Suck it, you little tease" Her hand came up, and wrapped itself around my cock. As she opened her mouth, I could see her wedding ring glisten in the office light. Still holding her hair, I roughly pulled her onto my cock, fucking her lipstick coated mouth. She responded, using her tongue to lick the head and shaft, coating it with her saliva. I moaned. God, she was good ay cock sucking! Part of me wanted to call to Peter and Tony, but I wanted this to be a private show. Marion was sucking hard now, making slurping noises as my cock forced its way against the back of her mouth. She moved her hand from my shaft to my balls, deep throating me now, her glasses rubbing against my stomach as, my hand still entwined in her long hair, I held her against me. I heard a cough.

Turning, I saw Peter and Tony standing in my office doorway. Both had their hard cocks out. "The game finished. We wondered where you were. Had we known, we would have come sooner." Marion was trying to stand, to disengage herself from my cock, to hide. I held on firm to her head, continuing to fuck her mouth as she struggled. "Well, now we have her, what shall we do with the little slut?" I let go of her hair, and she fell back onto her haunches, gasping for breath, drool hanging off her chin. "Not out here, "she gasped. "If you are going to fuck me, let's do it properly, on your office desk..."

She stood up, still trying to get her breath back. She walked over to Peter and Tony and gently grabbed both of their dicks, before continuing to walk back into my office, pulling them along behind her. She stopped in the doorway, and looked at me. "3 cocks, 3 holes. Come on..."

I run over to the office door, checking it was locked. I didn't want anyone else wandering in and ruining this. By the time I'd got back to my office, Marion's dress was already on the floor, and Peter was undoing her bra. Tony was stripping off, and I ripped my clothes off too. Marion was now leaning back against Peter, who was biting her neck, and sliding his hand into her red panties. "Fucking hell, she's wet and ready!" he exclaimed, pulling his hand out, and violently slapping her on her behind. The force of the slap propelled her into Tony's arms, who literally ripped her panties off of her, leaving her stood in black hold ups, and high heels. His mouth went to her tits, biting her nipples, making her gasp, whilst his hand burrowed between her thighs. "Aw, she's got a little strip of hair! I'd always thought you'd be the smooth cunt type, Marion. Never mind, my electric razor is in my bag, we'll have that off soon. What will your hubby say when he sees your cunt hair's all gone?"

"I don't care, just give me your cocks, please", she moaned. I grabbed her by the shoulders, and spun her round, pushing her across my desk. She spread her legs wide. I grabbed her round the waist and thrust my hard dick straight into her, balls deep. Her scream was muffled by Peter grabbing her blonde hair, and stuffing his hard 8" cock into her mouth. She grasped his dick, trying to limit the length in her mouth, but Tony grabbed her hand, placing it on his dick instead. Almost automatically, she began wanking him. They began swapping places, first one , then the other sticking his cock into Marions mouth, the lipstick now long gone, sweat making her mascara run down her face. I increased my pace, digging my fingernails into her tight arse cheeks, bruising the tender flesh, What would her hubby think? What was his name...Adam? Something like that...

Reaching across my desk, I grabbed one of our uneaten sandwiches. Chucking the sliced meat on the floor, I rubbed the buttery bread across Marion's rosebud arsehole, smearing it with the butter. After wiping my thumb on another slice, I forced it up to the knuckle up her arse. She moaned round Peter's cock, trying to move. Tony smiled, "Oh yes, can I have her arse first?" His cock was coated with Marion's saliva, nicely lubricated. Reluctantly, I pulled out of her. I slapped her across her arse. "Stand up bitch!" I growled. "You said 3 holes, now it's going to happen"

Marion pushed herself up from my desk. Her hair was a mess, makeup ruined, smeared across her face, lovebites already appearing on her tits, her thighs wet with her own juices, stockings laddered. But she had 3 men wanking in front of her, wanting her, desiring her. 

"Peter? On the desk." He climbed onto my desk and lay there, his cock waving in the air. I made a mental note to get my desk scrubbed clean. Before I could instruct Marion, she had already climbed onto Peter, and lowered her ravaged cunt down onto him. He grabbed her tits, pulling on her engorged nipples. Tony stood behind her. "Spread those cheeks for me, girl" he instructed. She obeyed, pulling her arse cheeks apart, offering up her hole to him. He grasped the top of his shaft, rubbing the head across her anus, adding her own saliva and his precum to the lubrication. Slowly, he eased himself into her. I watched as his long length vanished into her, as she sobbed with a mixture of pain and pleasure. When he was fully in her, he looked at his mate over her shoulder, and they both began to thrust in and out, giving Marion a huge, immediate orgasm. Pausing only to turn on the video camera that was always in my office for teaching and training, I walked round my desk, and pushed my cock into her waiting mouth.  

The room was full of the sounds of grunts, moans, and flesh slapping against flesh as we triple fucked her willing body, which kept jerking as orgasm after orgasm pulsed through her. Tony suddenly started to speed up. "Oh fuck, I'm cumming!" he reached forward, grabbing one of her shoulders to pull her even further onto him, as he came, filling her arse up. She was still riding on Peters cock, and he called out. "Man, I can feel you cumming in her! That feels so weird, and so fucking sexy!" Grabbing her hips, he began thrusting hard into her. "C'mon bitch, make me cum too..." Tony's deflated cock fell out of her, allowing his hot cum to dribble out, onto Peters balls, as he fucked hard into her. "Yes, yes, here i cum..." With one final thrust, lifting his arse high off the desk he came too, giving Marion her second helping of jism. Her fucking and orgasms had left her helpless, unable to do anything. I pulled out of her mouth, and began wanking. It didn't take long before I too came, shooting my cum all over her blonde hair, and face, and glasses. 

Marion was too exhausted to even lick us all clean, so we ceremoniously wiped our dicks on her black dress, leaving a selection of stains, before helping her back into it. As we waited for the taxi to arrive, I pulled her dress up. Her cunt was red, the lips distended and glistening, her thighs wet wither cunt juice, her ruined stockings soaked with her sweat and our cum. "There's another rugby game on the telly next Friday evening, Marion. Do you want to come and watch it with us?"

Still out of breath, she smiled and nodded her head...