 I think Mimi and Geoff expected us to jump them right away. While we are just as anxious to be getting started, the first thing we did was give them a tour of our "adult" playroom.

Their eyes were wide at the scope and variety of activities we could engage in. We pointed out the various contraptions we had and gave them a quick—but clinical—safety briefing for some of the devices, such as the hydraulic bondage rack and the pedestal-mounted Sybian.

Of paramount interest was the rack of TV monitors and computer controls. When we built the house, we wired it all over for sound and video. There are surveillance cameras mounted in all of the public rooms, at all of the entrances (inside and out), as well as in the kids' rooms. We can monitor almost all of the cameras from control panels in the kitchen, our bedroom, the kids' playroom and the adult room.

Within this room, we can (and do) record our adventures, both from cameras mounted in the walls and from hand-held cameras. All of our recordings are digital and we have some high-end video-editing software to make movies. We watch DVD movies on the big screen or surf for porn on the internet from this room. Although we have never shared any of our adventures with anyone else, watching ourselves make love turns us on to no end.

Geoff's eyes were especially wide as I showed him around the control panel. I could see the gears turning in his head at the possibilities of using our setup for his business.

"Okay, here's the deal," Melinda said once we had shown them around the room. "You guys go upstairs and change. If you are absolutely sure this is what you want, then come on back down. This is your last chance to back out. If we don't hear from you again tonight, we'll never mention this to you again. Otherwise, we'll be waiting."

Mimi shared a secret smile with her husband, then the two of them left the four of us alone.

"I remember when you gave Carl and I that same speech—what was it?—eleven years ago," Katie stepped into Melinda's arms. She and our wife held each other for a second, then drew Leah into their embrace. "I'm so glad we knocked on the door."

"So are we," Leah kissed her, then reached for me. The four of us shared a tender embrace, knowing that for better or for worse, our lives were about to change again. And that we were in this together.

We each kissed one another, then changed clothes. I shed my jeans and sweatshirt and pulled on a nice pair of khakis and a button-down shirt. I admired each of the girls as they slipped on slinky cocktail dresses.

I went over to the small refrigerator and drew out a bottle of champagne. Leah produced six flutes and kissed me gently on the cheek. Katie and Melinda lit some candles around the custom-made bed that was easily as big as two king-sized mattresses.

Our wait wasn't long before there was a knock on the door. Katie let Mimi and Geoff in. Like me, he dressed up as if he was going out to dinner at a nice restaurant. Both Leah and Melinda drew in a sharp breath as their eyes devoured Mimi.

Her full head of hair was pulled back, highlighting her high cheekbones and delicate features. She wore a sheer black dress that showed off her generous curves. A pair of high heels made her shapely legs only that much more alluring.

Arm in arm, she and Geoff stepped into the room. Nobody said a word; I think we were all afraid the spell would be broken.

Popping the cork on the champagne, I poured everyone a glass.

"To friends, old and new," Melinda said as the flutes clinked together. I downed mine in a single pull; the girls only sipped at their champagne. As I refilled the empty glasses, my wife took charge. "We just want you two to understand what's going on here: We're all about to have an affair. Let me say it another way: Extra-marital sex. If you don't want to watch your partner having sex with someone new, now is the time to speak up. Otherwise, the 'no jealousy' rule is in effect."

Melinda, Leah and I exchanged knowing glances. We had lived through this once. For us, everything worked out. For Katie and Carl . . . not so much.

We had spent several nights discussing the ramifications of this very scenario. Sometimes it was as part of a hot and heavy fantasy, but since Mimi and Geoff first propositioned us, our talks had taken on a serious tone. I hoped that we had all fully thought this through and were willing to live with the consequences.

And I hoped my old high school friends had done the same.

I saw Geoff draw in a deep breath before speaking. "We've wanted this for a long time. Yesmine and I . . . we want you to be the ones we share ourselves with."

"And we will be happy to share ourselves with you," Leah answered. 

With that, she set her flute down and stepped into Geoff's arms. She tiled her head back as he leaned in and kissed her. My heart started to pound as I saw my wife holding another man.

A twinge of jealousy shot through my body, but I squelched it when I felt Mimi's hand brush my arm.

"I guess that means I get a kiss, too." There was a sultry look in her eyes. She took a step towards me, but I fell back, surprised as Katie stepped between us.

"I'm claiming the first kiss," Katie said firmly. Without waiting for a reply, she pulled Yesmine to her. 

Even though Mimi was taller, she tilted her head back. Katie brought her mouth down on the other woman's and the two kissed. I was mesmerised by the pair. 

Looking over, I saw Melinda smiling wickedly. She stepped forward and tugged on Katie's arm. "Come on, girls, it's time to get busy."

She led Leah, Katie and Geoff to the bed. He stumbled along like a lamb being led to slaughter. There was a flash of disappointment on Mimi's face as Katie turned, but it quickly changed to desire as she watched my three wives push her husband back on to the big bed. 

"Let's sit over here," I suggested and guided my old high school friend to a loveseat that was next to the bed. She dumbly followed me, unable tear her eyes away from our other lovers.

The threesome on the bed quickly divested Geoff of his clothing. We had all seen him naked on his internet videos, but the real thing was so much better. The girls all had that "blood in the water" look on their faces as they caressed his body.

I think he was in sensory overload. There were six hands, three mouths and gaggle of tits all vying for his attention. Melinda lay him down on his back in the center of the bed. The soft light of the candles flickered and bathed everyone in an ethereal glow.

Ever so gently, the three girls began to undress each other, all for Geoff's benefit. They took turns smothering his face between their breasts, kissing his lips and stroking his cock.

Next to me, Mimi began to breathe heavily. If she was only half as aroused as me, her pussy was probably already soaked. My hand slipped into hers. We shared a look that was part desire, part jealousy. And all anticipation as to what was coming for us.

Melinda took her dress by the hem and lifted it up over her head. She wasn't wearing any underwear.

"Oh, dear Jesus!" Mimi gasped. "Her tits are fantastic."

"Yes, they are," I heartily agreed.

"Are they . . . hers?"

"One hundred percent natural," I winked. That was technically true. "You'll have to ask her about them later."

"Oh, I will," Mimi's mouth was practically watering. 

"Yours aren't so bad either," I commented.

"Yeah, well they're not as nice as hers," my friend replied.

I leaned in as if to let her in on a secret and smiled. "No one's are."

We shared a mischievous grin and then turned back to the foursome on the bed.

All three girls were naked. Geoff's cock stuck straight up in the air thanks to Leah's expert manipulations. One of Melinda's nipples was jammed into his mouth and Katie was kissing her way down his stomach.

"Geoff's going to love this," I warned Mimi. She was squirming in the seat next to me. "Is your pussy wet?"

"Yes," she moaned.

I reached over and pinched one of her nipples through the thin material of her dress. " 'Yes', what?"

Her eyes got wide for just a second, then dropped from me as she had done with Katie earlier. 

"Yes, Master," she whispered.

"Watch what your Mistress is doing, Yesmine," I said softly. "She's going to be doing that to you later."

"I can't wait, Master," my soon-to-be lover cooed in my ear. "May I ask a favour, Master? . . . Please don't call me 'Yesmine' or 'Mimi' . . . that's not who I am for you . . . I came here to be your slave. I want you to treat me like one."

"I think I can do that," I whispered back. "Your Mistress and I will have to come up with an appropriate slave name for you, my dear."

"Thank you, Master," she sucked on my ear and I had to resist the urge to throw her down on the bed next to our spouses and fuck the shit out of her right there.

"Watch them, slave," I said firmly as we turned our attention back to the foursome on the bed.

Melinda had straddled Geoff's face and was grinding her pussy against his mouth. Katie was fondling his balls while Leah stroked his cock.

I can't tell you how many times I have been the lucky recipient of a three-way blowjob and each time it's like Christmas, our anniversary, Valentine's Day and my birthday all rolled into one.

Sitting next to Mimi, my eyes hooded over with jealousy and excitement. One of my oldest friends was about to get a treat that had been my sole domain for the last decade. Of course, I was caressing the one pair of breasts just about everyone I had grown up with coveted, so I can't say I was getting a raw deal.

"You do that very well, Geoff," Melinda moaned. "Your wife has turned you into quite the pussy-eater."

She looked over at us, her naked breasts swaying. All three of my wives had turned to face us. I nodded and blew them a kiss.

Katie winked and then all three of their mouths descended on Geoff's engorged cock. Melinda took the head in her mouth. Leah's teeth raked the soft underside. Katie sucked gently on his balls.

I thought we were going to have to peel Geoff off the ceiling.

Melinda's weight held him down, her legs pinning his arms to the bed. Her pussy stifled a scream that was part surprise. Part sensory overload. All ecstasy. 

In perfect practised unison, their mouths worked over my friend's dick and balls. They alternated their tempo and intensity. 

When one of the girls would deep throat his cock, one of the other two would move her mouth to his balls and the third would kiss the insides of his thighs.

Mimi began to breathe heavily. Her nipples were all crinkled and hard. Her eyes were wide.

The three heads on the bed bobbed up and down in a finely-tuned, ballet-like fellatio. 

Geoff's toes were curled up. Every muscle in his body was tensed.

"Take off your dress," I said softly. Mimi didn't respond. I reached under her chin and tore her gaze away from her husband. My voice hardened. "I said, 'Take off your dress', slave!"

"Y-y-yes, Master," she mumbled and immediately flung her slinky little black dress across the room. 

"That's better," I said. "Stand up."

Robotically, Mimi obeyed. I walked her over so she was standing at the edge of the bed. None of the other three girls had noticed us.

I stood behind my friend; I was the only one of the six of us still clothed. Reaching around, I cupped her marvelous breasts. She let out a low, throaty groan as I began to roll her nipples between my thumb and forefinger.

"Do you like that, slave," I blew gently into her ear. "Do you like watching my wives suck your husband off?"

She only nodded.

Wordlessly, I continued to grope the woman in my arms. Melinda's tongue danced over the head of Geoff's cock. Leah and Katie kissed one another with only his shaft between their lips.

Geoff started to hyperventilate. I don't know if it was because Melinda was smothering him with her sex or if the blowjob was too much for him to handle.

"Don't you dare cum," Katie warned.

"Please!" Geoff wailed from between Melinda's legs. "That feels so good . . . please may I cum?"

"What do you think?" Melinda looked up at Mimi, a lustful look in her eyes. "Should we let him cum right now or should he have to hold it?"

Mimi was so mesmerised by the sight in front of her, it took a second for the words to sink in.

"Get on the bed," Katie said, the command slipping into her voice. "Come down here and join us."

Crawling up on her hands and knees, Mimi got on the bed and joined the other three in working Geoff's cock over. Katie blew me another kiss and then turned her attention back to her new lover.

My cock was about to burst out of my pants, so I shed them. Mimi's ass was pointed right at me as I watched the back of her head bob up and down. She seemed to naturally find her rhythm with the other three girls.

Her labia peeked out at me from between her thighs and were swollen with excitement.

I lifted my shirt over my head and began to absently stroke my cock as I watched the action on the bed unfolding in the soft candlelight.

Melinda let out a sharp gasp as Geoff tried to distract himself from the four hungry mouths vying for his attention by channeling his energy into eating her out.

"Oh, yes, Geoff . . . that's a good boy," her eyes were closed and she bit her lip to keep from crying out. "You do that almost as good as a girl! . . . Right there . . . oh, yeah . . . you're going to be spending a lot of time doing that this weekend."

Katie and Mimi's lips brushed a couple of times and I could tell it was hard for my wife to resist kissing this new lover. But there were conditions and terms to our lovemaking, and as long as Geoff was underneath Melinda, no one was allowed to kiss his wife.

That didn't stop me from climbing on to the bed and caressing the perfect globes of Yesmine's big, round butt with one hand. My other hand went to Katie's equally shapely rear end.

"I think it's time to fuck," Leah said softly.

"I like the sound of that," I was unable to contain my excitement any longer.

Mimi's eyes were glazed over with pleasure as I pulled her away from her husband's cock. I pushed her on to her back so she was laying next to Geoff. Her chest rose and fell with each laboured breath.

Geoff's face was coated in Melinda's juice. His cock looked like it was going to burst.

Melinda and Katie rolled to one side of the bed and into each others's arms. Leah and I shared a pernicious smile. Our two friends wanted us to be their first extra-marital lovers. She straddled Geoff's hips as I spread Mimi's legs.

In unison, we leaned forward and kissed the lovers we were about to take. Yesmine eagerly kissed me back. Her arms wrapped around my neck and she drew me in. Her breasts pressed against me.

The head of my cock rubbed up against the slit of her pussy. We both shuddered with pleasure.

"Last chance to back out," I whispered in her ear.

"Not a chance in hell," she breathed desperately. I pulled back to look into her big brown eyes.

Any reservations I may have had about taking another lover were instantly washed away. I forgot about the two of my wives who were watching us intently. I forgot about my third wife who was taking a new lover inside her at that very instant.

I lost myself in Yesmine Williamson's . . . er, Meadows's . . . hypnotic gaze.

Pushing forward with my hips, I entered her with just the tip of my cock. Her eyes rolled back into her head. She had very specific instructions that she was not to have any kind of sexual contact with her husband for a week leading up to our visit and her body was completely on edge. I could tell from the way her fingernails dug into my shoulders that she wasn't going to last very long.

Good thing, too; I wasn't either.

Mimi's pussy was slick with anticipation. My cock bottomed out after the first pass. We found an almost natural rhythm. 

I leaned in and kissed her again. I cupped one of her breasts in my hand. 

"Oh, god, that feels so good!" she cried out.

Next to us, Leah was riding Geoff. Her hips moved with fast, deliberate strokes. She pushed her chest forward and thrust her breasts into his eager mouth. Her hands pulled at his hair.

The bed began to rock as the four of us found our sync. Yesmine spread her legs as far as she could. Each time I rammed my cock into her a little bit harder. A little bit faster.

She bit her lip, but soon began to scream with delirious bliss. One of her hands went to my ass as she pulled me into her with each pass. Her other hand reached out to the man laying in the bed next to her.

Their fingers intertwined as the four of us made love.

Geoff was the first to go. After the four-way blowjob, he didn't have much left.

He bellowed something unintelligible then his whole body tensed.

"Cum in me!" Leah moaned and she brought herself down on him one final time. Her hair fell over her face. Her eyes were squeezed shut. Suddenly she threw her head back as the cum hit her. "Fuck!"

I slowed my rhythm as Mimi and I both turned our attention to the couple next to us. Her eyes were mere slits that smoldered with desire. 

Leah collapsed on top of Geoff as the two of them rode out their orgasms. I smiled inwardly then picked up my pace.

Mimi started to babble uncontrollably as I jackhammered her with my cock. We were both covered in sweat. Her pussy made that delightful sucking sound with every pass of my sex.

"I'm going to cum!" she wailed.

I leaned in and bit her ear. She cried out. I whispered so only she could hear me. "Cum for me! Cum for me, my little slave-whore! Cum all over me!"

Her pussy contracted around me, then flooded with warmth. I think if I had pulled out of her right then, she would have squirted all over the six of us. As it was, I could feel her juice coating the insides of her thighs.

It's a good thing we soundproofed this room. Otherwise, I think she might have woken the kids who were two floors above us!

Mimi arched her back to meet my final thrust.

I let out a gasp then released a torrent of cum into her pussy. I counted eleven pulses. My hips never stopped moving, even as we lay there, trying to catch our breaths.

None of us said a word for a long time. 

Finally, I rolled to one side. Leah to the other. That left Geoff and Mimi laying in the middle of the big bed, still holding hands.

I looked over and saw Melinda and Katie cradling our wife to them. My wives all blew me a kiss.

Slowly, Geoff fell into Mimi's arms, his head resting on her shoulder. They kissed gently and whispered back and forth for a second. When she spoke, there was an undeniable authority in her voice. "You have something to do, slave."

Obediently, Geoff got on his hands and knees. He crawled between his wife's legs and his tongue began to lap at her cum-filled pussy. 

I saw his flaccid cock begin to harden as he went down on the cream pie I had left inside his wife.

Mimi began to moan as Geoff attended to her oral needs. Within a couple of minutes, he had brought her to a smaller, but no less fulfilling orgasm, with his mouth.

"Very good, my little slave," Mimi said dreamily. "You may thank your lovers now."

Submissively, Geoff crawled over to each of the other three girls and kissed their feet. Then he returned to his wife as she cradled him in her arms.

I slipped off the side of the bed and was about to cuddle up with my wives, when I heard soft whimpering coming from the bank of computer monitors. I looked over and saw Gabi tossing and turning in her bed.

Katie followed my gaze and our paternal instincts took over. We both started to reach for our robes, but I waved her off. "I'll take care of it; it's my turn."

"Wait!" Mimi reached for me. Her hand pulled me back for just a second. She kissed me deeply, even as her husband rested his head on her shoulder. "Thank you."
