 "Hey, come check this out," Melinda tugged at my elbow. I looked up from the cooktop to see that my wife had turned on one of the secure monitors in the guest suite. All six of the kids were playing in the living room as I prepared breakfast.

Geoff and Mimi were gently making love. The TV was muted to avoid alerting the kids, but the two of us watched our friends for just a second.

Yesmine lay on the back, her legs spread wide. Geoff's rear end rose and fell as his cock pistoned in and out of his wife. What struck me was how loving the two of them were.

In previous viewings—mostly of their pornographic website—we had seen them go at it hot and heavy. In a series of private videos they sent to us about a month ago, we watched Mimi dominate Geoff. Mostly what we had witnessed was them fucking. 

While that was hawt, observing them make love was erotic. 

Their movements were slow and complimentary. They seemed to anticipate each others's needs and desires almost telepathically. I guess being together for sixteen years will do that, huh?

After a few moments, Melinda changed the channel; a part of me felt like I was intruding on our friends's most private of moments. She brought up the master bedroom, where Leah and Katie slept in each others's arms.

"I take it Mimi finally understands what Geoff endures for her," my wife said softly.

"I think Katie finally understands how much Leah loves her," I paused for a moment. "What about you? Did you enjoy your time with Geoff and Leah?"

Melinda made a funny face that was something between a wistful smile and a dismayed frown. She pushed the skillet of bacon off the gas burner, lest it burn. Then she stepped into my arms. "We had a good time. Leah and I made a sandwich out of Geoff with him inside her and me raping him with a strap-on . . . It was kind of hot . . ."

". . . But . . ." I prodded.

"It wasn't the same as when we do it to you," she finished with a mysterious smile.

"Why?"

She took a deep breath before replying. "Because I don't love him like I love you. He's a great guy and neither Katie nor Leah have any complaints about him in bed . . . but I just don't want to have sex with him."

"Do you regret saying 'yes' to this weekend?"

"No," she replied after a moment. "I have to confess that I like getting the chance to dominate a guy for a change."

I grinned sheepishly. "Yeah, sorry about that."

"Don't be," she chided me gently. "That's not who you are. What about you? Do you regret saying 'yes' to this weekend?"

It was all I could do to stifle a flippant reply that went something like, And miss out on the chance to bang the hottest girl in my high school? Not on your life! but I didn't say it 1) because that would have been tacky, and 2) I would have been kicked out of the big bed for a month. Instead, what I said was, "Not as long as you guys are okay with the way things are going."

Melinda snorted, seeing through my bullshit. She shot me a wicked smile. "Just remember who's financing your life of leisure as you're fucking you hawt new girlfriend's brains out."

I reached out and smacked her playfully across the backside. "Play your cards right and she'll be your hawt new girlfriend, too!"

*************

We didn't go out again for the rest of the day. We certainly have enough toys and stuff around the house for everyone to be entertained. Kaylee and Tiffany spent most of the afternoon playing Mario Kart on the Wii. The younger kids made a mess of the downstairs playroom.

Geoff and Mimi's family seemed to fit right in with our clan. I found Melinda sneaking a nap with Bryan and Jeremy, and Gabi latched right on to Mimi in a way that she never does with strangers.

"She's so cute, I could just take her home with me," Mimi gushed.

"You'd have to fight Katie and Leah first," I warned playfully. "And don't forget, you won't just be getting Gabi; she's a package deal with Gwendollyn."

"I'll take them both," she replied with a smile.

"Remember that in about five months when we're up to our eyeballs in kids and these four need more attention than we can give them," I said.

"You call us any time you need us." Her tone turned serious. I smiled appreciatively, remembering why Yesmine and her husband were such dear friends in high school. Despite our differing backgrounds and temperaments, Leah, Yesmine, Geoff and I got along famously. Meeting again after all these years, it seemed like we had just parted, then picked up right where we left off.

Since she was holding my daughter, I resisted the urge to give Mimi a deep not-so-casual kiss and cop a quick feel, but we both knew that's what I wanted to do. I think she wanted it, too.

They had originally planned to stay only until Monday, but with school out, there was no reason they couldn't stay. Over lunch, the six kids practically begged us for a couple more days together, so we put on a good show of having second thoughts. Mimi said she could take a couple extra days off and the girls cleared their schedules until Wednesday.

After lunch, Geoff, Leah and I kept one eye on the kids and spent part of the afternoon catching up. Katie seemed withdrawn and quiet; I think the previous night had shaken her more than she cared to admit.

Our conversation wandered from politics to mortgages to websites to religion and on and on. The three of us all graduated in the top ten percent of our graduating class, but still behind Yesmine. I appreciated the time we had to catch up with an old friend.

About mid-afternoon, the younger kids crashed so we put them down for naps. Kaylee and Tiffany had settled on a more sedate activity and were pretty capable of watching themselves. Our voices low, the three of us turned our conversation to more adult matters. More specifically, Geoff wanted to know how much our video setup cost and how easy it was to use. I could see the gears turning in his head as he imagined the possibilities of using our equipment for his online venture.

Both Leah and I were relieved beyond words that he never asked if we wanted to appear on his website.

A little while later, Katie came downstairs. She wore a bright red sundress and it may have been my imagination, but I thought I saw the beginnings of a little bump on her otherwise flat tummy. She leaned over and gave Leah and peck on the cheek, then looked over at me with a mischievous grin. "You're wanted in the big bedroom."

There was a twinkle in both Geoff and Leah's eyes.

"Just don't wake the children!" Leah called as I went up the steps and the three of them giggled.

The door to the big bedroom was closed. I pressed on the handle and found it unlocked.

My cock began to harden at the sound of the soft moaning.

Yesmine was laying on her back, her head hanging over the side of the bed. Her eyes were hooded over with pleasure. In each hand, she was cupping one of her big, round breasts. I could see her nipples sticking out through the thin material of her t-shirt. 

She wasn't wearing a bra. Her skirt was pushed up and her panties were in a wad on the floor.

Melinda's face was buried between Mimi's thighs. When I opened the door she glanced up just enough to wink at me.

The two had apparently been at it for some time. Mimi was hyperventilating. She bucked her hips against Melinda's face.

My wife's hands were cupped under our lover's ass. I could tell by the glazed look in Mimi's eyes that Melinda was doing the swirly thing with her tongue.

In the six or so steps it took me to cross the room to the bed, I unbuckled my belt. With the flick of a button and quick pull in the zipper, my cargo shorts fell to the floor along with my boxers. 

Yesmine's mouth was open as she gasped for breath. Her body seemed to shudder from head to toe with every pass of Melinda's skilled oral ministrations. I only had to stroke my cock a couple of times before it stood at full mast.

Our bed is too high for the kids to just climb up into it, but it's just the right height for me. My cock was level with Mimi's mouth and as my wife worked her from one end, I pushed my head through her lips from the other.

At first, I just fed Yesmine the head of my cock, but as Melinda increased her tempo, I did the same. With each stroke, I pushed a little deeper into her mouth.

Mimi moaned as we continued our assault on her. In addition to her tongue, Melinda was using two fingers into the slit of our lover's pussy. 

When she added a third, Yesmine's eyes got wide.

They teared up when I pushed my cock deeper into her mouth and down her throat.

Gasping for breath, Mimi fought the gag reflex gallantly, but when I withdrew, she couldn't help but cough. Smiling to myself, I pulled my cock so only the tip was touching her lips.

Then, without warning, I thrust back in. Melinda and I shared a wicked look. Mimi was taking it well, I'll give her that.

"Five seconds," I said, command creeping into my voice. Ever so slowly, I counted backwards. "Five . . . four . . . three . . . two . . . one."

I withdrew my cock and let Mimi catch her breath. Then I pushed even deeper into her mouth. It took several tries, but soon I was able to slide the entire length of my cock into her mouth and down her throat. 

As she breathed through her nose, it tickled my balls.

Without a word, Melinda and I made Mimi the object of our game. My wife would try and bring her to orgasm with her tongue while I would try and make her gag with my cock.

I thought that I was at a disadvantage; after all, Melinda was using her tongue on Yesmine's clit, three fingers in her pussy and had mischievously slipped two more fingers in our lover's ass. All I had was my dick in her mouth.

To make up for it, I pushed Mimi's hands away and began to maul her breasts as I skull-fucked her.

Yesmine's nipples were rock hard and when I pinched them her entire body shuddered. Of course, that could have been due to Melinda's tongue flicking the nub of her clit back and forth.

Our lover lay on the bed and I felt her throat relax. Mimi gave herself over to both Melinda and I and just hung on. 

I let up for a second, knowing that my wife wanted to bring Yesmine to orgasm. Pulling my cock out of the eager mouth below me, bent my knees slightly.

"Suck," I said and Mimi obediently took my balls in her mouth. I never let up on her tits, squeezing them like ripe melons. Rolling her nipples between my fingers. Her areolas crinkled up, and not because it was cold.

Melinda's head stopped bobbing and I knew she was going for broke. Standing, I lifted my balls out of Yesmine's mouth, lest she accidentally bite them in her excitement.

For a brief second, the room fell silent. Mimi gritted her teeth. I smiled and watched my wife work her magic. Melinda's mouth had fully enveloped Yesmine's swollen labia. Neither girl moved, but I knew my wife's tongue was a tornado in her mouth.

Just as Mimi's body tensed, I raised my hand up then struck her breasts with my open palm. 

The timing was perfect.

An ear-splitting scream echoed off the walls as Melinda raped Mimi's pussy and ass with her fingers. All the while, her tongue flicked against our lover's engorged clit.

"I'm cumming!" Mimi desperately gasped for air. Neither Melinda nor I let up. 

Between the two of us, I think Yesmine was near sensory overload. Her arms flailed around as she vainly sought out something to hold on to. Melinda was still working Mimi over with her fingers and her tongue; I kneaded her breasts, alternating between soft and gentle and hard and fast.

A stream of obscenities spewed forth from Mimi's mouth. Her eyes glazed over. Her entire body shook as the orgasm enveloped her. 

"Oh, god!" she moaned. "Fuck! . . . fuck . . . fuckfuckfuck . . . I'm still . . . still cumming . . . don't . . . stop . . . please don't . . . .fucking . . . stop!"

Melinda was too happy to oblige our lover.

I never let go of her tits. Those glorious breasts that I had fantasised about since . . . well, since that day in about seventh grade when I first noticed breasts. They were the object of much of my "alone time" until my freshman year of college when I met Melinda.

And now . . . after all these years . . . I had the four most wonderful breasts in the world in my bedroom. Naked. 

Summoning all the willpower I possessed, I resisted the urge to stroke my cock. I was only about ten seconds from blowing cum all over Yesmine Williamson's tits, but I had other plans.

As Melinda slowly let Mimi down, I stepped back long enough to shed my shirt. Mimi lay limp on the bed, her eyes rolled back in her head.

Satisfied with her work, Melinda sat back on her knees. I noticed that she was wearing a loose blouse that was unbuttoned. Her big round breasts spilled out of the bra. Like the other girls, Melinda had been instructed to spend the weekend wearing skirts; hers was hiked up and I could see her fingers absently stroking the bare pussy beneath.

I smiled wickedly.

Walking around to the other side of the bed, I pushed Melinda on top of our lover, who was just barely conscious. She purred with delight as I rubbed the head of my cock into the slit of her labia.

Melinda leaned in and kissed our lover. Whispering in the other girl's ear, she pressed her body against Mimi's, as if she was going to mount her.

It took a great effort, but Yesmine threw her arms around Melinda and the two women embraced, their bodies melting together.

I don't think I have to tell you this, but there is nothing more erotic than watching two beautiful women kiss. Maybe I'm biased. Maybe I'm just a chauvinistic guy who watches too much porn. But I challenge you to find something that gets anyone's blood pumping more than watching pretty girls making out.

Melinda's ass stuck up in the air. I smacked it playfully. "Roll over."

As one, the two girls turned to the side so Melinda was laying on her back and Yesmine's perfect rear end was facing me. I got on my knees behind her.

The two of us moaned as I entered Yesmine's tight little snatch. Like my wives, her pussy was especially tight after having an orgasm and I was in the right place at the right time.

Grasping her wide hips, I pushed her away as I pulled out and pulled her to me as I thrust in. Melinda and Mimi continued to kiss, their tongues intertwined.

"That feels so good!" Yesmine gasped and I couldn't tell if it was because of what I was doing or if it was Melinda's hand that had found its way between our lover's legs.

I felt my wife's fingertips brush the underside of my cock as she rubbed Mimi's clit. 

Yesmine had collapsed on top of Melinda. Her arms and legs would not support her weight. She convulsed as we made a sandwich out of her. My cock was buried in her pussy while her breasts pressed against Melinda's soft, round orbs.

With each stroke, I pulled back so only the tip was still inside her, then I thrust forward. Each time a little harder. Each time a little faster. Each time bringing us a little closer to orgasm.

"Do you like that?" Melinda said softly. "Do you like that feeling that cock in your pussy?"

"Yes!" the other woman moaned. "I love it!"

"Do you like getting fucked from behind?"

"Yes!"

"Do you like getting fucked doggy-style?"

"Yes!" Yesmine sobbed as I pounded away at her. 

I reached up with one hand and grabbed a handful of her hair. Mimi's moans turned to screams.

"Do you like being my bitch?"

All she could do was grunt incoherently.

"Do you like being my bitch?" I repeated, my voice a little louder this time. My strokes a little deeper.

"Yes!" she shrieked. "I'm your bitch! I'm your whore . . . just don't . . . don't stop fucking me!"

Every time I thrust forward, I pulled a little harder on her glorious mane. This left her throat exposed, her mouth hanging open and she struggled for breath.

Melinda's lips latched on to the soft underside of Mimi's neck. Her teeth raked the sensitive sides from behind Yesmine's ear down to her collarbone.

Mimi's entire body began to shake as she approached another orgasm. Or maybe it was a continuation of the one she had before.

The two of us hammered her relentlessly. Me in her pussy. Melinda stroking her clit and cupping her pendulous breasts. 

As I felt Mimi's pussy flood with warmth, I tried to stave off my own orgasm. Melinda's arms were wrapped around our lover. She bit softly on Yesmine's ear. Our eyes met and we exchanged a knowing smile.

Just as I was about to cum, Melinda pinched one of Mimi's erect nipples with one hand, while slapping her clit with the other. Combined with my cock buried deep inside her, Yesmine went over the edge.

She took one deep breath and then let loose with a primal, glorious scream.

I pressed as deep inside her as I could go. I felt the walls of Mimi's pussy pulsing around me and I desperately tried to keep from shooting my wad inside her.

My hands grasped Yesmine's round buttocks. I leaned forward and sucked on the back of her neck as she rode out the cum.

Panting for breath, Mimi fell limp in Melinda's arms. My cock was still hard, although I wasn't going to last much longer. I brushed the hair out of her face and noticed that Yesmine's eyes had rolled back into her head.

As gently as I could, I withdrew my cock from the warm confines of Mimi's pussy then rolled her to the side. 

Melinda lay on the bed, her legs splayed open. Her blouse hung loosely to the sides. There was a hungry look in my wife's eyes.

"Save some for me, mister?"

"You bet," I leaned forward and kissed my wife. Her hands worked between us and popped the front-mounted clasp on her bra.

Finally free, those big luscious tits mashed against my chest and our bodies pressed together. My cock slipped easily into my wife and we both let out a satisfied groan.

I looked over to check on Mimi. Her eyes were closed. She had a slight smile, but was otherwise passed out. I turned my attention back to Melinda.

"Is her pussy better than mine?" Melinda asked as I sank all the way into her.

"No," I replied to the obviously loaded question. But I wasn't lying. "No one's is."

"Is Mimi better in bed than me?"

"Sweetheart," I buried myself as deep as I could go; Melinda arched her back so her breasts pressed forward while pulling me towards her. "No one is better in bed than you."

She purred in my ear as I began to grind my hips against her. She whispered in my ear. "You remember that."

"Do you want to make love?" I bit her just behind her jawbone. She squealed with delight. "Or do you want to fuck?"

"I want you to fuck me like you fucked her," Melinda growled. 

"I'm gonna fuck you six ways from Sunday," I pulled back so only the very tip of my cock was still inside her. Then I thrust in as hard as I could. My wife cried out, her fingernails digging into my shoulders

Without preamble I began to pound Melinda mercilessly. She spread her legs as far apart as they would go. I hooked her knees inside my elbows.

Her pussy made that squishy sound as I pistoned in and out of her. All the while I thanked the inventor of the Tempurpedic mattress because as I fucked my wife's brains out, our companion in the bed lay undisturbed only a couple of feet away. If we were still in our waterbed from college, Melinda and I would have either made Mimi seasick, or she would have been washed over the side!

I felt Melinda's teeth dig into my collarbone to keep from screaming loud enough to wake the children. Her breasts shook with every stroke. Our hips slapped together.

As I drilled her over and over, I pulled back enough to look into my wife's gorgeous face. Though both of us had just had our lover, in that moment, we only had eyes for each other.

After all these years. After sharing one another with our two other wives. Two children. Moving three states away. Two adopted children. And now taking another couple as lovers.
