 The rest of the day passed lazily for the twelve of us. Leah and Melinda went out to the store to pick up some steaks and chicken for dinner. The younger kids lay down for a nap; somehow Mimi got suckered into cuddling up with Gwen, Gabi and Jeremy. Bryan and I fell asleep on the couch watching Kaylee, Tiffany and Geoff play Wii Bowling.

When it came time for dinner, Geoff and I manned the grill. The girls rotated through the kitchen and the play room, alternating between preparing dinner and watching the kids. All in all, it was a good night. The kids still seemed to be getting along and I noticed that the girls took turns disappearing a pair at a time with our adult guests.

"We've got a surprise for you tonight," Melinda said when there was no one else around.

"I think this whole weekend has been one big surprise," I replied.

"Is that a complaint?" Mock indignation was offset by the laughter in her eyes. 

I pulled her close to me and groped her voluptuous curves. "I just don't know what else you can do that will shock me."

"Well stay away from the alcohol, sugar and caffeine," she advised. "Eat lots of carbs. You're going to need a boatload of energy tonight."

Melinda winked and then disappeared back into the house. We ate out on the back deck, citronella candles warding away the mosquitoes and the fire pit providing light and warmth. The meal was full of friendly conversation, playful laughter and good food.

We ended up playing with the kids some more and then settled down to watch a movie. When it was time for bed, we walked/carried the little ones upstairs. All of us knew this would be our last night together for this trip. I wondered what the girls had up their collective sleeve.

Melinda and I had just tucked Kaylee and Tiffany in when I noticed that the other adults had disappeared. She did not seem to think anything was amiss. I followed her down the steps, my eyes lingering the sway of her hips. She let me to our bedroom; once we were through the door, she spun on her heel and pressed me against the door frame.

Her tongue snaked into my willing mouth and we took turns running our hands over the other's body.

It wasn't long before I found myself naked and being maneuvered towards the bed. Melinda pushed me down. 

Instantly, her mouth was on my cock.

"Oh, god," I groaned as she went to work. Have I told you about Melinda's oral talents? Eight years ago (on the night before our wedding, no less!), my lovely new bride wanted a new car. She challenged me to a 69; if I won, she would let me slip my cock in between Katie's magnificent little ass cheeks, and if she won, I had to give her the money for a down payment on brand new 1998 Mazda Miata.

I lasted all of thirty-seven seconds. 

We know this because Katie caught it on our VHS camcorder and the girls played it back with a stopwatch just to be sure . . . and to taunt me about it later. (I know you care, but Melinda made Katie cum in forty-three seconds; her best time against Leah is a shade under fifty seconds.)

My disappointment at losing was offset by the way Melinda and I broke the new car in. Plus, I only had to wait another year when Melinda let me have both Leah and Katie's rear ends as a Christmas present.

Over the years, I've managed to win a couple of the "69 bets" as we call them, but Melinda has something like a .687 winning percentage. Leah is the only one who has consistent success against our buxom wife and even then, she still loses almost six out of ten times.

So I lay back on our bed while my wife went down on me in advance of the night's festivities. 

Her hand stroked my cock when she suckled on my balls. 

"Mouth or tits?" Her lips broke their airtight seal around my cockhead.

"Tits," I croaked.

Her hands moved a little faster, one on my cock, the other on my balls.

"Cum on me," she coaxed. "Shoot it all over me . . . cum on my tits like you did for Mimi today . . . I could taste you on her earlier when I was playing with them . . ."

"Oh, god, Melinda!" I gasped when her finger entered my ass. That was the last straw. My balls exploded under her able touch and I covered Melinda's deep cleavage with cum.

I lay there for a few minutes trying to catch my breath.

"Come downstairs when you can," Melinda kissed me then disappeared through the door, pausing only to toss me a robe.

After a few moments, I sat up then pulled the terrycloth around my shoulders. I checked the kids on the monitors. All were sound asleep. I was tempted to look in on the activities in the basement, but I resisted, sensing that the girls (plus Geoff) were plotting a surprise.

Once down the steps, I followed the music. Although our adult playroom is soundproof, it doesn't really work when the door is propped open. 

Love is like a bomb, baby, c'mon get it on  Livin' like a lover with a radar phone  Lookin' like a tramp, like a video vamp  Demolition woman, can I be your man?

I smiled to myself. Ah, the greatest stripper song in the history of the world!

As soon as I rounded the corner, I saw one of the hottest things my imagination could conjure. 

Mimi was sitting back in one of the plush recliner chairs. Katie was straddling her lap, gyrating to the music. Leah and Melinda sat on the couch, watching the show. Their hands idly caressed one another as their eyes devoured our wife's lithe movements. 

Katie was topless. The others were fully clothed. Candles lit around the room bathed the four women in a soft ethereal glow.

"No touching," Katie playfully slapped Mimi's hands away from her breasts. The other woman's eyes smoldered with desire.

Geoff sat by himself, his eyes transfixed on our wives. Unbridled lust—and maybe a touch of envy—shone on his face.

About a year ago, right before they adopted the twins, Katie and Leah took a road trip out to California and took some how-to stripper classes. They learned the art of lap and pole dancing and have become quite good at it, I must say.

We installed a stripper's pole in the center of the room and both Melinda and I are quick to encourage the girls to put on a little show for us every now and then. It's all just to make sure they stay in shape and don't get out of practice, of course.

Katie had her arms around Mimi's neck and seemed to be taking great pleasure in driving the other woman crazy. Every time Yesmine would try to kiss or touch her, Katie pulled away or admonished her for getting too close.

"I'm gonna fuck you senseless, Katie," I heard Mimi growl. 

"Not tonight, sweetheart," my wife replied, a teasing tone in her voice. "Others have dibs on you first."

Disappointment and excitement flashed across our friend's face. Katie leaned in, her red locks falling over her face. Her lips brushed Mimi's and the two whispered back and forth softly.

Then Katie pulled away and stood up. Her skirt fell just above her knees. She wasn't wearing anything else. "I think you need to go get ready."

The two shared a secret look. Katie blew our lover a kiss, then extended her hand to draw Mimi to her feet. They kissed once more before Yesmine turned to the rest of us. She winked at me and the girls and turned and left the room, all of our eyes on her shapely backside.

"What shall we do now?" Katie asked coyly.

"I think it's someone's turn to be stuffed full of cock," Melinda replied with a wicked grin.

"And whose turn would that be?" I asked.

"I won the coin toss," Leah announced proudly. 

"So who's going to stuff you?" I pulled her up from the couch.

"Well . . . there are only two real, live dicks here . . . and I want them both!"

My arms drew my wife close to me. Leah tilted her head back and we kissed eagerly.

"Where do you want it?" I whispered in her ear. "Mouth and pussy?"

"Pussy and ass," she replied firmly.

"Which do I get?"

"You already know that," Leah purred. That much was true. The girls were adamant that they wouldn't give up their asses to either Mimi or Geoff, nor would I get to have Mimi's rear end, although they could. It was something they wanted to keep between us. Come to think of it, even though Mimi had the second-nicest butt on the planet (next to Katie), I wanted the four of us to have something special, too, so I didn't mind. 

She turned to Geoff and gave him that "come hither" look. Or perhaps I should say, "Cum hither."

He rose from where he was sitting as Katie and Leah led him to the bed. They pushed him down on his back, their hands tugging at his clothing. I felt Melinda press her body against me, her breasts on my back. Her hands reached into my robe and she stroked my semi-hard cock.

Leah and the now-naked Geoff were making out, their tongues intertwined. Her fingernails ran up and down the shaft of his sex, which was encased in an uncomfortable-looking cock ring.

Katie was tying silk scarves around his wrists and ankles. I guess he really liked being helpless. She secured him to the bed, tying him down spread-eagled.

Both Leah and Melinda shed the rest of their clothes. My eyes lingered on their nude forms.

On the bed, Katie's backside was up in the air as she and Geoff kissed eagerly. One hand stroked his cock. Her teeth raked his cheeks and neck.

My brunette wife put her arms around me and pressed her naked body against mine. Her nipples stuck out prominently on her chest. 

"Are you ready for the fucking of your life?" I asked.

She nodded eagerly, then pushed the robe down off my shoulders. It fell to the floor as she took my hand and we climbed on to the bed.

Katie whispered something in Geoff's ear as Leah mounted him. Her pussy slid down the length of his cock. A low, throaty growl started in her chest and echoed throughout the room.

Leah leaned forward and brushed her breasts against Geoff. She jiggled her chest against his face as she worked her hips forward and backward. Side to side.

"I see someone's ready to go," Katie snickered. Her hand rubbed against my sex. I was tumescent with excitement.

From the couch, Melinda tossed me a condom and some lube. There was envy in her eyes, but also something else. Amusement? Not quite. Desire? Certainly. 

Love. 

It's what binds us together. No matter what we do in our lives, the love each of us has for the other three plus our children is what drives us. Over the past eleven years, we've shared good times and bad, riches and poverty, illness and health. We divide each other's sorrows and multiply our joys.

Melinda knew how much both Katie and Leah wanted this. I think she was instrumental in talking me into this adventure with our friends.

She winked at me, then pulled her skirt up, revealing her clean-shaven pussy. She seductively diddled her clit, then blew me a kiss, just to let me know that I wasn't off the hook with her for tonight.

Katie took the rubber from my hands and unrolled it down the length of my cock. 

"Are you ready, Sweetie?" she asked.

"Yes," Leah purred. She turned and looked back at us, her eyes hooded over with pleasure. Her pussy was spread wide with Geoff's cock inside her. 

The round cheeks of her ass glistened in the candlelight. The rosebud that peeked out from between her cheeks seemed to beg me to fill it. From the beginning of our sexual relationship, I've had an obsession with Leah's rear end. It's not toned and round like Katie's cute little bubble butt, but nor is it saggy or flabby. It just begs to be cupped and squeezed. She has the perfect body to fill out a pair of jeans; it's not just me that thinks this because neither Katie nor Melinda can seem to keep their hands off her, either.

In high school, Leah played soccer, lacrosse and even kicked field goals for the football team (she went 11 of 16 on field goals and was perfect on PATs, a record that still stands at Ponce de Leon High School). Her entire body is strong and fit, especially her hips and legs.

I love doing her from behind, when I can grab on to her big, wide hips and go to town. The first time I she let me put my cock in her back door, I only lasted a couple of minutes because it was so hot for me.

My redheaded wife applied a generous portion of lube to my cock and to Leah's ass, then she guided me in.

There were three moans as I pushed the head of my sex past the sphincter of Leah's rear end. She fell on to Geoff, who was filling her tight little pussy.

"Deep breath, Sweetie," Katie coaxed. "That's it . . . relax . . . take it . . . you're almost halfway there . . . don't tighten up! . . . slow . . . slow . . . just a little more . . . little more . . . breathe . . ."

"Oh, god," I moaned, sinking all the way inside her.

The three of us lay there motionless for a long moment, as Leah's body adjusted to having the two cocks so close together. Next to me, Katie's pert nipples stuck out excitedly. She was absently rubbing herself with one hand, the other caressing the cheeks of our lover's butt.

"I'm going to kill you for making me wait eleven years for this," Leah said to Melinda, her eyes barely open. 

"You like?"

"Me likey." Leah arched her back and tentatively began to grind her hips. 

My third wife lifted herself off the couch and crawled across the bed. She leaned in and kissed Leah deeply. Her breasts hung over Geoff's mouth and he was quick to caress her engorged nipples with his tongue.

Melinda whispered something in Leah's ear. Both girls giggled and gazed lovingly into each other's eyes. 

"I love you, Melinda."

"And I love you, Leah."

I wanted to take all three of my wives in my arms, but I was a little preoccupied right then. 

"Don't cum inside her," Katie patted me on the backside. "I want you to cum inside my ass."

Fortunately for me, the condom was doing a good job of decreasing the sensation enough that I didn't shoot off right after entering my wife. I think the cock ring was doing the same for Geoff. My only problem was that I still couldn't guarantee that I'd make it through both girls. Maybe I should have taken one of those little blue pills and hoped for a four-hour erection.

"Be gentle on her," Melinda said to me with a wink. She pulled Katie back into her arms so Leah, Geoff and I could have our little fun.

Leah has been in the middle of a sandwich before, although until then, one of the cocks was always attached to a strap-on harness. Once she got used to having both me and Geoff inside her, she began to slowly gyrate her hips. I didn't move, and neither did he.

Instead we let Leah set the pace.

I reached around and kneaded her breasts in my hands. She squealed with delight as I pinched her nipples.

Her hands were on Geoff's chest as she arched her back and pressed her ass back against me. I leaned forward and kissed her right at the back of her neck, on the spot of our tattoo.

She turned and whispered in my ear, "Fuck me . . . fuck me, please . . ."

"Fuck you where?" I pushed forward, just a little, going as deep as I could inside her.

"Fuck my ass," she slurred. "Fuck my ass while I've got Geoff's dick in my cunt."

"God, you're such a whore for cock," I growled, my tone and words feeding Leah's generally submissive nature. I thought back to our first threeway with Melinda when we called her every name in the book and she loved it.

"I'm a whore for your cock," her voice took on that dreamy tone. "I'll always be your slut."

With as much care as I could, I pulled back so only the head of my cock was within her, then thrust forward.

Both she and Geoff cried out. I could feel him inside her; our cocks were separated only by a thin membrane of skin. He hadn't moved, but was instead content to feel Leah's tight little pussy wrapped around him.

"Harder," she moaned. "Fuck me harder."

Oh, was I happy to oblige!

The only sound in the room was my hips slapping against her ass. She began to moan uncontrollably. My teeth raked her neck and my hands dug into her hips.

She started to say something, but the words were muffled by Katie pressing her lips against our wife. I looked up to see Melinda draping her breasts over Geoff's face. I guess they didn't want to just be spectators.

The five of us found an easy rhythm.

Leah was the center of our attention. As Geoff and I worked on her pussy and ass, Melinda and Katie were quick to play with her breasts and cover her face in passionate, loving kisses.

When Melinda reached between Geoff and Leah and started to stroke our wife's clit, I knew she was close.

Her ass clenched around my cock. I started to pound away at her butt, my cock sliding easily into her thanks to the copious amount of lube Katie had applied.

"I'm cumming!" Leah cried out. "Don't . . . don't stop . . . don't stop fucking me!"

No, Sweetie, there was no chance of that happening!

Katie nibbled on her ear and played with Leah's super-sensitive nipples as Melinda's fingers furiously worked her clit.

It took every ounce of willpower I possessed not to cum along with my wife, but somehow I managed to keep the contractions of Leah's ass from sending me over the edge. 

Leah collapsed on top of Geoff's limp form as she rode out the orgasm. If not for the soundproofing, I might have worried that she'd wake the kids. And the neighbours. And people on vacation in Black Mountain.

I held myself inside her until her body went limp, then I withdrew. My cock was still hard, although on a hairtrigger. I sat back on my knees, breathing heavily. Melinda and Katie rolled Leah off of Geoff. I think he was about to shoot off, too. 

His cock stuck up obscenely. It glistened with Leah's juices.

My wife's eyes had rolled back into her head. She couldn't move and fell into Melinda's arms.

"Oh. My. God. That was the hottest fucking thing I have seen in my entire life." Our heads shot around at the sound of the voice, at least the four of us who were conscious. 

"Wow," I breathed.

"Fucking shit," Katie grinned perniciously. 

In the open doorway stood the sixth of our group. Mimi had changed and was standing there, leaning against the frame. Of all the thoughts that could have popped into my head, the first was, What if the kids heard us?

Then my dick took over and what Mimi was wearing registered in my brain.

Her breasts were prominently displayed in a red leather cupless corset. Her red-brown nipples were rock hard. A matching garter belt held up thigh-highs. She had a pair of red high-heel hooker boots to complete the ensemble.

Mimi's dark brown hair hung down past her shoulders, a pair of devil horns protruding from her scented folds. When she strutted over to us, I noticed a pointed leather tail waving between her legs. I later found out it was attached to the buttplug that was up her ass.

"I see you've gotten the boys all worked up," she said with a sly smile. "Are they ready for me?"

"Back off, bitch," Katie said playfully. "It's my turn now."

Yesmine's lower lip turned down in a mock pout. 

"Come over here," Melinda was literally salivating. "I can think of a couple things you can do while they have their fun."

My cock twitched again. It may have been from the excitement of watching Melinda and Yesmine kiss. It might also have been from Katie slipping the condom off my cock and unrolling a new one.

"My turn, Beloved," she whispered in my ear. "Are you ready to put this in to my ass?"

"I'm always ready to put my dick in your ass," I smiled. Out of the corner of my eye, I watched Melinda push Mimi on to the bed, but tore my eyes away from those two and concentrated on watching Katie mount Geoff. I found the lube and greased up my cock again.

Katie was moaning as she lowered herself on to Geoff. Leah lay next to us in a near comatose state, her eyelids fluttering. Though her body was limp, a faint smile graced her lips. She looked to be happy. Content. At peace.
