 Daniel O'Malley sighed, his steely blue eyes fixed on the man sitting on the opposite side of the table to him. His hands rested on his stomach, interlocking fingers touching the crisp white linen of his immaculate shirt and silk tie. 

Still he stared at the man, no words spoken, trying to retain his temper.

"I...I'm real sorry, Daniel," the man began, trying to break the awful, ominous silence. "I had no idea that Janice was one of your ladies!"

For another second or so, O'Malley sat in silence, staring, his face expressionless. And then the explosion came. With lightening speed that belonged to a man half his age, the thick-set Irishman leapt to his feet and drilled his fist into the other man's chest.

Sean Daley felt the blow before he saw it. His chair rocked back on its legs and, had it not been supported by two of O'Malley's designer-suited assistants behind him, he knew he would have found himself on the other side of the room still bound to the chair. He felt the air rush from his lungs as his chest contracted under the blow. He gasped for breath and felt the tears start to form in his eyes.

"You're a fucking liar, Daley!" O'Malley screamed into his face. "Everyone knows who my girls are, and everyone knows to leave them alone unless they get my permission and pay the price. 

"Not only did you fuck her without asking me, but you marked her as well."

"I'm so sorry Mr. O'Malley, I just ..."

"Shut the fuck up!" Daniel yelled again. His face was so close to the other man, Daley could smell his toothpaste.

"You mark her...we mark you!"

Again, Daley felt the cold steel of the thin knife as it pressed against his cheek before he saw it. He cried out more in shock than in pain as he felt a warm trickle of his own blood running down his face.

"Please, Mr O'Malley, Daniel, please don't kill me!...Please, I'm begging..."

"Ah, shut up you fucking prick!" Daniel laughed, "You're not gonna die! You're just gonna have a nice reminder of you're mistake."

"Thank's Mr. O'Malley, thank you." Sean Daley breathed a sigh of relief. A scar down the side of his face wouldn't be too bad, he thought, in fact it might add a little bit to his machismo. He visibly relaxed still bound to the chair.

"Sorry, Daley," O'Malley flashed a wicked, thin-lipped grin at his foe. "We haven't finished with you yet!"

Looking over at the smaller of his suited accomplices he continued.

"Brendan. Go fetch this cunt's daughter. Let's make sure he never forgets that he tried to fuck with Daniel O'Malley!"

Brendan O'Shea looked up. He liked working for Daniel O'Malley - it was a good, well paid job - but he hated it when he was forced to correct the big man. You just never knew what he would do.

"Er...sorry, boss, but Daley don't have no daughter. No kids at all, in fact."

"Then go get his wife, man. Fuck sake's! Improvise, Brendan. Improvise!"

Francesca Daley saw the car pull up in front of her on the corner of Third and Pine. Something told her - some sort of intuition - that the vehicle had something to do with Sean, and therefore with her. She knew the sort of people that her useless husband was associated with and as soon as she saw the suited figure jump out from behind the wheel she realised that there was no point in trying to escape him.

In a way, Francesca was pleased for the short ride back home. She had spent a lot of her husband's money and the shopping bags had begun to weigh heavy. The stocky Irishman in the drivers seat had not spoken and, after a couple of futile attempts at small talk on her part, Fran had also lapsed into silence. It was a shame too, she thought. The man's lean, muscular body filled his suit in all the right places and he wasn't bad looking either. A sudden image of him naked and erect filled her mind and she moved awkwardly in her seat as she began to flush. She couldn't help the rueful smile that crept over her face; it would have been great to get Sean back for all the times he had cheated on her!

Francesca gasped as she walked into the room. She had been expecting to see her husband, but not with a long, thin cut down one cheek. He held a blood-soaked tissue to the side of his face. A large, expensively dressed man in his late forties sat opposite her husband, Fran recognised him immediately as Daniel O'Malley; a local villain and hard man. 

Fran hardly had time to set down her shopping bags before she felt strong hands grip her arms from behind.

"Get her on the table!" Daniel cried, breaking the silence. "I want Daley to be close enough to smell the action!"

Francesca wasn't sure what she had been expecting, but this was still a shock to her. At first she was confused; unsure of the big man's meaning, but her mind caught up quickly: these men were going to have her, right here, right now! Her first reaction was one of shock and to defend herself; try and fight off their advances, but she soon realised that this would have been completely futile; there were three of them and she wouldn't have stood a chance. And then a completely different feeling overcame her. She remembered back to the car and the way she had imagined her strong, muscled escort. She realised she was flushing up again but this time the feeling was accompanied by a tingling, wanton sensation that swamped her entire body.

"Relax, guys! You won't need the rough stuff on me, I'm all yours! And if it means my useless prick of a husband gets to see it all, then I'm gonna fucking enjoy it!"

Sean Daley watched in a mixture of horror and amazement as, without the slightest incentive, his wife jumped up and sat on the table.

"Hey! Wait a minute you -"

Daley's words were instantly curtailed as he felt the sting of a punch to his kidney's. Again, he gasped for breath as he watched O'Malley stride past him and towards the table where Fran was sitting. 

"Just keep your mouth shut and let your wife enjoy herself, Daley." Daniel said as he was joined by his assistant's at the table. 

"She's a good looking woman." He continued, "maybe you should spend more time fucking her and a little less fucking and marking up my ladies!"

Sean was forced to watch as three pairs of hands were immediately all over his wife's body. Her blouse was pulled open and her bra quickly removed to expose a pair of ripe, heavy breasts. One by one her shoes were lifted from her feet and her skirt loosened and pulled off. Sean bristled in embarrassment as he saw Fran smile and raise her ass from the table to help her assailants remove the little lace panties that covered her pubic region.

Being the boss, Daniel was obviously going to go first. Stripping down, he roughly pulled Fran's legs wide apart and stood between them. Sean looked on and saw the big man's fingers prying Fran's pussy lips open and probing gently into her depths. He heard her sigh and gasp once as the two digits entered her moist, open vagina and prepare her for the inevitable.

Francesca moaned loudly as she felt Daniel withdraw his fingers from her wet pussy. The attention to her vagina and throbbing clitoris had been wonderful, but now she was left writhing on the table with only an empty, hopeless feeling. But the feeling lasted only a few seconds. She gasped and cried out as he penetrated her again, but this time with something much larger and much hotter than a finger.

She held her breath as Daniel's long, thick manhood was thrust into her body. She wanted this. She needed this. Sean hadn't touched her for nearly a month now and she had become incredibly frustrated; so much of his whoring had left her lonely on so many nights, she thought angrily.

Her lips felt dry and she swallowed hard, wrapping her legs sexily around the man inside her. He felt so deep...so hot...so.....Fran's thoughts were brought back to reality as she realised that one of the other men - the man that had driven her home - had removed his clothes and was urgently pushing a swollen, throbbing cock towards her face. 

Without a second thought, Francesca opened her lips to allow Brendan access to her mouth. She heard him groan deep in his throat as she felt the velveteen texture of his cock head slide over her tongue and to the back of her throat. Her ass was being pushed backwards and forwards on the table as O'Malley fucked her pussy hard and deep; thrusting into her body and groaning. She could feel him swell in her vaginal tunnel and knew that he was close. She gripped him with her legs pulling him deeper and flexed her internal muscles massaging his manhood inside her hot cavern. Again she sighed reluctantly as the cock withdrew, but a moment later her work was rewarded. As she felt the hot, sticky explosion splash her skin and coat her belly and pubic mound, Francesca's own climax hit hard. Her whole body tensed and relaxed as the warm sensations washed over her in waves of ecstasy. Her toes curled up and her eyes closed. 

The long intrusion in her mouth was now a secondary thought as the waves washed up and down the shores of her body for several moments. And then suddenly she was almost choking. The dream-like state caused by her intense orgasm was broken by the sudden explosion of Brendan's cock in her mouth. Francesca tried to swallow as best she could but the man was thrusting his cock further and deeper into her mouth. His cum spilled from the corners of her lips as she coughed and spluttered and she felt drops of the hot liquid scorch the skin of her breasts as it landed there.

Sean watched O'Malley and Brendan step back from the cum stained woman on the table. Suddenly he found it difficult to think of her as his boring, homely wife - she now appeared as a wanton slut who was so enjoying the gang-fuck that she was experiencing. Her legs still twitched uncontrollably as Sean looked at her in amazement. She was smiling and beckoning the third man towards her - Sean could see that she still wanted more!

The final part of the trio was a tall, angular man who, Sean could see, was now also stripped down. His cock, while not as thick as the others', was still long and hard and slapped against his belly as he stepped forward. Sean wondered how he would be able to feel anything when he stuck it into Fran's wet, open pussy.

As if answering Sean's unasked question, the third man lifted Francesca easily up from the table and repositioned her again face down. His hands spread her long, slender legs and exposed her dilated, wet pussy and puckered ass to all the watching men. Sean held his breath as he realised what was going to happen - it appeared that none of his wife's holes were to be spared!

Francesca was far too exhausted to care what was happening at first, but as she was lifted and turned, she too realised that her rear passage was about to be invaded by the man. She gasped as she felt the tip of his finger penetrate her tight hole and begin to widen her. It felt good. Really good, and as the man added a second finger she began to long for the moment when his cock would be firmly in her ass.

She didn't have long to wait. She felt his fingers scooping up a mixture of cum and pussy juice and knew that he was coating his long, thin tool with the viscous liquid. An initial stab of pain made her squeal as he entered her, but that quickly gave way to a warm, tingling sensation as she felt his tool inch further into her tight back hole. The sensations increased as he began to saw his long prick in and out of her asshole; the heat building in her ass and pussy so much that she had to slide a hand down between her legs and touch herself. She was surprised to discover that, even after such an intense climax, her clitoris was still engorged and throbbing. 

Fran could feel herself being pushed back and forward as the young man tooled her anus. Her finger rolled around her clit in a frenzy as her excitement built up and up - although she had fingered her ass on a few occasions and was definitely curious, this was the first time that she had ever had a cock in her butt and, she had to admit, it felt wonderful.

"Oh God...I'm cumming again!" she cried as she felt her own juices seeping out over her fingers.

"Shit! Me too!" The third man lunged forward as he spoke and buried his cock in Fran's ass up to the hilt.

She cried out as she came, her climax continuing as her lover's hot cum exploded inside her bowels. On and on, his ejaculation seemed to last an eternity. Each spasm of his cock renewed Fran's climactic tremors until with a sense of relief she finally slipped into a dead faint.

Francesca Daley slowly opened her eyes to the morning sun that drifted in through the drape less window. She turned and looked at her husband snoring gently beside her. She still tingled as the remnants of the dream fluttered from her mind like wind-blown confetti and she was only too aware of the dampness between her thighs. Her legs trembled like jelly as she trotted towards the shower; she wanted to get herself together before Sean awoke. 

She tried to recall the dream as the water cascaded over her body and washed away the evidence of her unconscious excitement. Her mother had always told her that dreams were important; that they meant something. Although the water was warm she shivered.

"Hey, Fran!" She heard her husband's voice as he wandered sleepily into the bathroom to wash. "Did I tell you that Daniel O'Malley's coming round today? Wants to talk to me about something. God know's what."

Francesca's body went taught as she listened to his words. She froze. Maybe her mother was right she thought as she relaxed slightly. Perhaps she wouldn't go shopping today after all, there might be more to be gained by staying in today, she thought!