 As time went on, Phil spent more time with Lisa and Kaori, and they spent less time with their usual friends. Phil was immediately more popular, but still didn’t hang out with Lisa’s crowd, since he was already getting all he wanted from them–the love of their women.

This development didn’t sit well with some of Phil’s friends. Namely Caitlin.

They were sitting in her room when she brought it up. “Why are you hanging out with them?”

“Because they’re nice enough people.”

“Bullshit. You used to comment on their slutty, sleazy habits right along with me. Something is different. Don’t lie to me.”

“I didn’t lie. Their personalities are much nicer than I would’ve guessed before meeting them. However, I don’t think you wanna know the entire story. It might make you mad.”

“Go ahead.” Phil hesitated. “Phil, having you hide something like this is killing me. If I promise to hear you out and not leave angry, will that be enough?” He nodded. “Consider it a promise.”

“I’m having sex with them and all of their friends in exchange for doing their history papers.”

Caitlin gasped and covered her face with her hands. “I knew it. I knew you were fucking those whores. Nothing else could explain it.” Phil maintained eye contact. “Phil, is that why you’ve been coming here less? Because I don’t put out and they do?” He gave a shamefaced nod. Caitlin knelt in front of him, still in eye contact, and put her hands on his knees. “Well, Phil. You already know I’m not a virgin, and that I’ve cheated on guys before. One thing I didn’t count on was you Phil. You’re better for me than any boyfriend ever has been, and you never ask for anything. So here and now I’m gonna start rewarding your effort.”

Caitlin’s hands slipped up his thighs, unzipping him as he raised his hips so she could slide his pants and underwear down. She undid the buttons on her blouse as she leaned forward, revealing her bra-encased 34B tits. Phil’s full erection met her lips and he gasped audibly. Caitlin concentrated on her goal, and started taking him deeper, until her nose was buried in his pubic hair.

With his recent experiences in Lisa’s mouth, Phil had learned to recognize high art, and this was it. Caitlin knew what she was doing with her mouth, salivating intensely, bobbing up and down while moving her tongue all around his cock, and, hottest of all, maintaining eye contact with him. She replaced her mouth with her hand for a moment to whisper, vaguely moaning, “Is this what they do to you, Phil? Do they suck you off? An RA or my roommate could walk in at any minute; what do you think they’d say if they caught you cumming all over my face? Mmmm... you’re almost ready. I want to taste you. Will you cum in my mouth, Phil?”

He just moaned and thrust his hips forward in response, quickly earning a smile and a warm, wet, engulfing mouth around his now-quivering organ. As he released his orgasm, filling her mouth with his seed, his breath quickened and he tossed his head back uncontrollably, climaxing fervently into Caitlin’s still-sucking mouth. When he was done she sat back and made it obvious she was swallowing his load.

“See Phil? Now I expect you to keep visiting me so we can have more exchanges like this. No more excuses. Orgasms are just as good from me, and they’re free here, too.” Phil nodded in post-coital ecstasy, and silently thanked Lisa for keeping him so busy that Caitlin would do anything to regain his attention.

The very next day on his way back from class, another close friend, Liz, quietly walked up next to him and struck up a conversation. After a few momentary formalities, Liz broke the normal flow of the conversation. “Phil, I’ve got an unusual question to ask you.” Phil stopped walking and indicated that she should go ahead and ask. “Have you ever thought about me... sexually?”

Phil took the opportunity to let his eyes skim over Liz’s excellent, well-maintained physique, particularly her runner’s legs and C-cup rack. “Well, mostly only when we’re talking, but on some other... occasions, too.”

Liz laughed. “Okay, well, this might seem kind of strange, but Katie was telling me about sort of the latest news, and you came up. So since I guess you sort of know about the school’s sex underworld, I was hoping you could help us with something.” Phil nodded again and gestured for more details. “We, that is—-Katie, Sasha, and I—-we want to have a unique kind of party. The... sex kind. But we need someone there to sort of keep it from getting out of hand.”

“That’s kind of vague. What do you want to happen and what don’t you want to happen?” Phil was extremely aroused by this conversation, obviously. Sasha was another total babe.

Liz blushed. “Well, we want to talk over the details with you as a group. They oughta be inside my dorm hanging out right now; is this a good time?” He nodded and they proceeded quickly to the dorm and then to Liz’s and Katie’s room. They quickly got down to business.

Katie explained the goals, because she was even less shy than the other two girls. “We want to get gangbanged. Blindfolded, so that we don’t know who’s doing it, and can just focus on the feelings. We’ll tell the guys who are supposed to show up, and they’ll get to the room at random times throughout the night to fuck us. We want you to referee.”

Sasha took over, saying, “Basically, since we’ll be blindfolded, and all three of us decided we’d like it better if our hands were tied to the bedposts, we need someone to keep things from getting out of control. For instance, I don’t want guys ramming themselves down my throat.” Liz and Katie nodded. “And Liz and I don’t want guys doing us in the ass—I guess you already know Katie doesn’t mind that at all, but we think most guys are a little rough left to their own whims. So we’d want you to stop a guy from doing those things, and you’re strong enough for them to listen. Also, you’ll know who’s allowed to show up, so you can keep this from turning into a schoolwide gangbang if one of our guys lets slip the news.”

Liz sat in his lap and laid her hand on his sternum, leaning her head over Phil's shoulder. “So Phil, what do you think? Could you do us this big a favor? We’d be very appreciative.” Phil, reaching under Liz’s shirt to grasp the supple, bra-concealed flesh of her breast, simply nodded. 

In one of the hottest moments of his life, Phil watched as each of the three girls stripped their tops over their heads, leaving their bras on, and then knelt in front of him, practically ripping his pants and underwear from his body. Liz and Katie started making out with each other from opposite sides of his cock, dousing the sides of his shaft in their saliva, while Sasha took position at the end and forced the fleshpipe into her mouth repeatedly. After a few minutes, Sasha went down far enough that she broke up the liplock of the other two, who promptly moved north. Katie pulled down Liz’s remaining clothes so that she could put her cunt over Phil’s waiting mouth, then joined Sasha at cock level.

Soon, Liz’s moans were growing to a climactic peak on Phil's well-practiced tongue, and Phil’s groans were audible even through Liz’s bush. Katie and Sasha alternated who was sucking him, but as he approached his climax, Katie let Sasha take charge and instead pulled Phil’s hand to her breast. Liz burst into orgasm on his tongue, and a few moments later, Sasha started guzzling down his own juices.

When the group had settled down a little, Katie said, “So you see, Phil, while we’re blindfolded, you’ll have three nubile love slaves for the night. We’d be excited for you to take advantage of us along with the other guests.”

“In fact,” Sasha said, “we’d be delighted if you would invite a mystery guest, so we’re even less likely to know who’s on top.”

“I can’t believe my ears and I still think I’m dreaming, but I’ll certainly be happy to help you ladies out.”

The night of the event came up soon enough and Phil got there early, then watched the gorgeous girls strip off all their clothes, lay down, and put on blindfolds. Tying their hands to the headboards, he relished the total control that he now had over their bodies. Soon enough the first guy arrived, and Phil let him in and decided now was as good a time as any to get started for himself. The new guy went straight for Liz while he set his clothes aside, then crawled on top of her and plunged inside to the hilt. Deciding to go for the new experience, Phil went to Sasha and buried himself in her hairy bush with no warning, earning a shocked moan.

As he pistoned harder and Sasha moved on her own to complement his thrusts, Phil watched her breasts wobble and her abs display how deep her breaths were. She vocalized her pleasure, "Ohhhh, that's it, deeper... don't say a word, boy, just keep getting the friction right theeeere!" Sasha exploded in orgasm, thrashing about on the bed beneath Phil's rampant body. Phil covered her cunt with his juices, his mission accomplished.

While he had been busy with Sasha, another guy had arrived and gone to the unoccupied girl, Katie. Each of the girls had a sign over themselves, with Sasha's reading "no oral, no anal", Liz's reading "no anal" and Katie's reading "no soft cocks". Phil mused that she had gotten worse since he met her--now she didn't care about her reputation, she just wanted to fuck. Who was Phil to complain; the girls were all just months from high school graduation, all of consenting age, and all the labeling in the world wouldn't change Phil's attraction to their flesh. The guy who had come in, seeing the sign, did what most men would do and jumped up the beautiful girl's ass.

The man who had been working over Liz had gotten up and headed to Sasha's bed, but Liz looked unsatisfied. Phil was about to bend over and finish her climax himself with his mouth, when his "mystery guest", Lisa, arrived. The hosts of the party hadn't strictly said to invite a man, so Phil had brought her in to liven things up. He directed her to strip, which she did without hesitating, and then he made it clear that he wanted her to eat out Liz's sperm-covered entryway. Liz's face lit up when she realized someone was going to finish the job that the other guy had prematurely abandoned, and she got more excited by the prospect of a thorough tongue cleaning rather than the quick lick she had expected.

For hours, the men entered and left, girls moaning and quivering with pleasure. There was semen all over them, and for a little while, Phil had Lisa lick it off of them, until he told her to go and rejoined the rotation of thrusting men. Eventually when he was sinking in and out of Katie's cunt, she said her ass and throat hurt from the penetrations of the day, and Phil decided to close up shop. He dismounted, watched the two men who were there finish, and then kicked them out and locked the door.

In the quiet room, he went over to Liz and whispered in her ear, "It's over, Liz. How do you feel?"

She made a self-satisfied squirming motion accompanied by a cute grin. "Perfect! I'm a little sore, but that was the most satisfying sex I've ever had." Phil removed the blindfold and untied her wrists. She blinked, smiled tiredly, and reached around his neck to pull their lips together with a fervent kiss, somewhat more cumstained than Phil would have preferred, but it was enjoyable anyway; she was still a beautiful woman. "Thanks, Phil. We couldn't have done this without you." She giggled. "Well, at least not with our asses intact."

Phil released the other two girls, with similar receptions. The three girls went into the suite's bathroom to shower together, but when Phil tried to join them, they pushed him to the bed and said he should wait there. He listened to them giggle in the shower, and felt sure that after this, he would never run short of female attention. He had told Lisa to come back around this time, so he let her in and she snuggled up against him. Their sex contract made casual cuddling a trivial thing, which Phil enjoyed a lot.

Lisa laughed a little at Phil's bizarre circumstance. "Well, I may have started the sex business at this school, but it looks like you're making out pretty well for yourself, Phil. I guess every girl needs a trustworthy guardian angel who'll put it in her backdoor from time to time!"

The naked, now wet, trio of Katie, Sasha, and Liz reemerged, and recognized Lisa but didn't express too much surprise at her presence. "Ladies, meet the mystery guest." They betrayed a little surprise.

"So that's why I got licked so nicely," Sasha grinned and maneuvered herself into Lisa's lap, starting a very active kiss. Phil's erection started to respond to this image, when he noticed Liz and Katie slide toward him, each straddling one of his thighs, their own legs rubbing together in the middle.

This time it was Liz who leaned into his ear to whisper. "Phil, everyone's a little tired right now, so we're not gonna suck you off just yet. Instead, we're gonna pin you here until we've all slept for a few hours, and then we aren't letting you go until we drain you completely." 

Once again, Phil thought to himself how much he loved his life.