 It was the end of her senior year of high school, and Lisa was annoyed by the last research paper of the year. Fortunately, she had a deal to have it taken care of by her business partner, Phil. Ever since their deal had started, he had done her history assignments in exchange for a supply of credit that translated into sexual favors. Lisa's roommate Kaori had the same kind of deal with him. 

Lately, though, Phil had been getting a surprising amount of action on his own, which was initially not a factor in their deals, so Kaori and Lisa decided to talk to him as soon as they got this assignment. It was possible their business partner wouldn't feel he needed their services anymore, so he wouldn't want to write two extra papers when he could get laid for free.

"Hey Phil," Lisa greeted him casually as they approached him in one of his usual locations. "Got a minute for us?"

Phil took in the sight of his beautiful "clients" when he glanced up from his book. They had similar thin, toned physiques, but there were differences. Kaori was slightly darker, as she was Hawaiian while Lisa was Chinese. Lisa was about two inches taller, and it was all in her great legs. Kaori had a little more substance to her frame, with a noticeably larger rack and rounder ass, which made Phil think she was the prettier one, by a narrow margin. Lisa's eyes were a little deeper-set, and her cheekbones were a little higher, but overall, they were both similar visions proclaiming "sex" to an observer.

"Absolutely. I guess you want to talk about the research paper in history class." The girls acknowledged this. "Don't worry, I'll still do it." Relief washed over the girls' faces. "Actually, we should go to the library now; there won't be many people there at this hour."

"Why would we go to the library for you to do our research?"

"Well, sweetie, one of the easiest ways to catch onto people who aren't actually writing research papers is to check with the librarian to see if they've checked anything out recently. If I check out all the books, and you two check out nothing, our teacher isn't _that_ stupid; he'd catch on. So you two will come with me, even into the stacks." They assented once they understood.

The library wasn't that far away, and within ten minutes they were inside the stacks. Their boarding school shared a library with the surrounding town, so it was far larger than any ordinary high school library, with several floors of books. Phil quickly found what they needed and set it aside on a study table.

"Now, ladies, there is the matter of your accounts with me."

Lisa sidled up to him and put her hands on his chest. "Ooo, Phil, wanna fuck us in the stacks?"

"Yes, but I've got some other special requests. See that good-looking straight-laced girl over there? Kaori, I want you to go seduce her. If you can get your tongue in her box and make her cum, Lisa will ravage you when you come back. If after you get into her, you convince her to go down on you, when you come back Lisa and I will please you together." Lisa and Kaori, Asian and Hawaiian features not usually prone to blushing, were quite red in the face now. They looked at each other, expressions somewhere between giggling and hesitation, then looked back at Phil.

"Later there will be more, but for now, go get her." While Kaori walked over to the girl, Phil took Lisa to an angle where they were concealed behind a shelf, but with a few books pushed to the side, they could see the aisle Kaori would soon be in. Phil then looked at Lisa. "Lean up against this shelf."

Lisa could feel herself getting very wet, and hoped she would soon have some relief. This situation was so improbable that as more and more of what Phil wanted was revealed, she kept getting more aroused. As she leaned against the shelving (fortunately very well-supported shelving), Phil spread her hands a little wider, then her legs. Lisa thought to herself how good her decision to wear a miniskirt had been today.

Phil reached around and started unbuttoning her top, pressing his groin against her ass. Just as he did so, Kaori started talking to the anonymous girl. As Kaori touched her new friend's shoulder, Lisa felt Phil's hands go around her abs, working up her back to her bra clasp. He undid it and worked his hands slowly back around to her front, grabbing hold of her breasts as they watched Kaori lean in to kiss the girl.

Soon Kaori had the girl with her back pushed against the shelving, both of Kaori's hands groping her obscenely as shirt buttons were undone, or in Kaori's case, the shirt went off straight over her head, revealing her braless breasts, which almost magnetically attracted a groping hand of their own.

Lisa, impatient and increasingly turned on, pushed her pelvis back against Phil's groin, and he released her rack for a few moments to pull her panties down and bring his cock into the open. He rubbed his end against Lisa's desperate lips, but denied her penetration even as she moaned with desire. Only when Kaori got on her knees and attacked her partner's lower body garments did Phil thrust forward. Lisa, a loud lover, had to consciously keep her mouth closed as she let out the built up moan, to prevent being overheard. Her drenched cunt enveloped Phil easily, and she quickly tried to accelerate the pace to bring herself off.

Kaori, for her part, had gotten the girl's jeans and panties low enough that she could begin her work in earnest, and wasted no time involving her fingers as well as her tongue. As Lisa watched, the girl flipped back her light brown hair, mouth completely open in a silent testament to Kaori's skill, her left hand resting on the back of Kaori's head, and her right holding her up against the shelves.

When Phil courteously brought his hand against her clit, Lisa's attention was re-centered on her own physical actions. Just as several times before, Phil's cock was embedded deeply within Lisa's body, rubbing every sensitive spot. He was not especially gifted in size, but he knew how much a little non-plowing movement would help a girl out, and Lisa was crashing over the finish line as he employed his knowledge. He did not hold back, instead watching the other girl climax on Kaori's face at the same time he felt Lisa's pleasure on his own body. His semen rushed forward, jetting into Lisa's cunt forcefully, painting her insides with a coating of white liquid.

Everyone seemed to pause for a minute to recover, then, shockingly, the unknown girl tugged up her clothes, strolled over to Phil's and Lisa's hiding place, and kissed Phil. "That was the most erotic thing I've ever done, Phil, thank you." She gave him another peck.

"You were magnificent, Kay."

Lisa, still planted on Phil's depleting cock, abandoned it as she turned, "You planned this?!" Phil nodded, self-satisfaction evident. "Why all the pretense, then? Why not just have the foursome?"

Kaori answered for him. "I, for one, was totally into it this way. I was so worried the seduction would fail I think I almost came the second Kay grabbed my boobs!"

"Speaking of which, Lisa, I think Kaori needs some service after a performance like that." Lisa hesitated just a moment, making eye contact with the stranger who had just put on a live show for her, but complied, coaxing Kaori onto her back on the floor of the aisle. She started with some serious kissing, knowing Phil thought this was intensely erotic between two girls from past threesomes.

Meanwhile, as Lisa drifted down Kaori's exposed abs, rubbing and kissing the whole way while working to remove Kaori's remaining clothes, Phil stripped Kay completely. Running his hands from her breasts to her ass, he kissed the nape of her neck, then maneuvered her onto her hands and knees over Kaori. Kay's face was over Kaori's abs, and when Lisa glanced up, she got a view of Kay's mid-sized orbs dangling.

Positioning her generous pelvis above Kaori's moaning face, she lowered herself down to get additional tongue treatment. Kaori, looking at the upside-down version of what she had just worked on, turned her normal cunnilingus plan upside down, too, using her finger on Kay's clit and focusing her tongue on the glistening pink lips in front of her.

Phil had obviously recovered thanks to the insanely hot display in front of him, and placed his hands on Kay's wide, feminine hips to signal her that he was about to enter. She started to raise back up from Kaori's tongue, but he put his hand on the small of her back indicating it wasn't necessary.

Kay looked back over her shoulder as Phil positioned his erect cock in the cleft of her ass. As Kay made eye contact with him to communicate her surprise at this unexpected probe, he aimed and thrust forward slowly. Her face contorted as she felt her muscles try to accommodate him in her ass. Until now, Kay had occasionally offered her mouth or cunt to him as an inducement to spend time with her instead of his "hired help", but this was the first time he had stepped outside of that small side arrangement, using his pull with her to bring her into an orgy. Kay was very aroused, but hadn't expected him to try that! Slowly, inch by inch, he sank deeper and she adapted to it.

Lisa, for her part, was mostly focused on bringing Kaori off. As highly sexed, slutty roommates, they had shared a healthy number of orgasms with each other, with a man there or not, so Lisa knew where to go to maximize effect. Having just cum on Phil's cock, and getting his first load, no less, she understood that orgy etiquette demanded she take her turn in the 'off' spot. Lisa knew, however, that Phil would be drained before getting back to her (silly amateur men thinking three-on-one was a good ratio...), so the gears started spinning on how she could get a quality hot cock, and soon.

Kay's moan broke through her reverie. Lisa had received anal sex more than her share of times, and had watched other girls on the receiving end as well. She tilted her head on Kaori's mound just enough to see Kay's expression, and recognized that tumultuous cross between "why is that in there?!" and "deeper!" for what it was. Kay swayed back and forth with each thrust, her clit staying attached to Kaori's tongue as much as possible.

Eventually, someone had to come, and the first domino was Kaori. Lisa withdrew her finger and mouth, but then heard Kay ramping up to a very loud orgasm. Deciding it would be silly to get discovered like this, she muffled Kay's lips with her own, continuing to tangle after Kay's great moan was over. As they split, Phil hit his deepest point and stopped moving, pumping everything he had deep into Kay.

After taking a few moments to slow their breathing, and to allow Kaori to extricate herself from underneath Kay, Lisa started reassembling herself. Phil, still enjoying his authority with them, asked, "Where are you going, Lisa?"

"You aren't going to revive again, and I am not sated. So I'm going hunting. You have some papers to write. If you need a muse, call me when you're about halfway done." Kaori quickly followed.