 Francis walked out of her bathroom and into her bedroom and stood in front of the full length mirror admiring her new bathrobe that her mother had bought her just yesterday. She did not bother opening it up to look at her body because she didn't like her body. She thought of herself as fat and had no desire to be looking at it. She was not actually fat. Yes, she had some extra pounds but was not that bad.

Her attitude came from her early teen years when she actually had been very fat, and now that she was 18 years old she did not realize that she had grown taller without getting any wider. She had grown out of her baby fat and into a fine although big boned woman. The boys at her high school had noticed. They liked looking at her almost as much as they liked looking at the cheer leaders, but she did not notice them noticing her because she had grown shy having been teased so much during her middle school years.

In point of fact, Francis had something that none of the cheer leaders could match. She had the finest set of tits in the whole school (36 DD). There were movie stars paying good money to plastic surgeons to get breasts like Francis had naturally, and all the boys at school loved them. However, not one boy in the school had the nerve to say a thing to her about them. When they had been in middle school and had teased her, they found that when they had finally gotten her to stop looking at the ground.... well, she could throw a better punch than most men. Not one of them wanted to get her dander up in any way at all. So it was that no one at all ever pointed out her finest attribute to her.

Now, let us not get the idea that Francis had no friends. She had seven very good friends who lived within a two block radius of her home. They had met before they could walk or talk. Their mothers' were all very good friends and each one of them (as kids) had come to the others birthday parties, and other such events growing up. There had always been one mother who could baby sit for the others. So in short, they seven had grown up together.

There was Jim, Frank, Kevin, Sam, Bob, Bill, and Jane. Jane being the only other girl in this group was Francis's very best friend. They could share all those things together that young girls share. That is, at this time of life, talk of boys and future sex (seeing that they both were still virgins). I guess it might seem odd but the boys of their own group were never the subject of these conversations. It had something to do with their growing up together and being such good friends, something psychological. That, however was about to change.

Oh, I guess I should tell you something of what Jane looked like. She was the opposite of Francis. Where Francis was a little over weight and big boned, 5'9", Jane was small 5'4" and skinny as a rail. Where Francis had 36 DD breast, Jane had small breasts that were just a handful. Where Francis had a face that was nice to look at, Jane had a face and eyes that were hard to look away from, even for many straight girls.

These young folk had developed a habit over the years. This was to meet at Francis's home ever afternoon, after school, or work as the case was with Jim and Bill who had both graduated school and were working at earning a living for themselves now. They also would come together on most Saturdays and many Sundays.

They came together spontaneously, and that at the home of Francis because her home happen to be the best of all of them. Her mother was a corporate lawyer and worth a bunch of money. Her father was dead many years now. The home after school and on many weekends was empty of adult type persons, and it had the best TV, the best VCR, the best computer system, and lots and lots of food all the time. In fact Francis's mother had set her up with her own charge accounts at certain select area stores for food, clothing, and school supplies. Oh, and at a local video store.

As Francis was admiring her new robe in her mirror the intercom from the front door buzzed. Upon answering, she found that it was Frank and Bob, whom she buzzed in, informing them that she was up stairs and they should come on up. They had just entered the room when Kevin and Samuel buzzed as well and received the same message. On this afternoon Francis already knew that Jane would not be coming, having a doctor's appointment. Jim and Bill would still be at work until 4:30 PM at the least. That was an hour away.

There had been one thing new going on the Francis's home seeing as how they were all 18 now. They had been using her computer to log into adult web sites. Looking at the pictures of people having sex and reading adult stories. One of the boys had started it. Francis didn't even remember which one. However, they still were not looking at each other in a sexual way, or were not admitting to such thoughts to each other. They were in a way studying sex.

This afternoon was no exception. They, after talking a little, went right to the computer. They went right to a free site which they had gained entry into through the use of Frank's father's credit card number. It was actually an adult verification service that had samples of many other picture gallery sites in it. From there they went, for the first time, to a group sex site and began looking at the pics and reading some stories.

It was not long before Francis was getting a feeling that she was often experiencing lately. She wanted to finger herself. It did not help that she was naked under her very soft robe. Francis used her fingers for pleasure very often and thought she even knew what a climax was. Well, in a way she did. She had little orgasms from using her fingers. Nothing as good as she would have in the future but orgasms never the less.

Francis looked around the room carefully. Each of the boys had very nice looking boners in their trousers. These pictures and stories were having effects on them as well. She wished she could effect boys in that way. (Of course she did but did not know she did.) Francis began wondering, (not for the first time) what those boners looked like in real life.

Francis was sitting on her bed. The boys were crowded around the computer. Some in chairs and some standing. Her bedroom was very large having even room for a sofa but they wanted to get in close and see the pictures. Francis liked looking as well but did not want to make it so obvious to the guys.

Then it happen. Bob made a comment about the boobs on a girl on the computer and Kevin forgetting himself said, "Oh, ya there ok but I bet Francis's look allot better than that." The room went silent. No male in the room breathed and even Francis heal her breath for a moment in surprise. Poor Kevin thought his head would cave in at any moment.

"What did you say" said Francis, but in a soft questioning voice. Kevin turned his head sheepishly. 

"Well, it is the truth Fran" "I have never seen a better set of knockers than you have." 

"You have got to be kidding?!!" Comes back Francis. 

"No he is not Fran" says Bob. "He is right and every boy in the school would agree if they were not scared of getting a busted head." 

"Well, I am not going to bust the head of anyone in this room. You guys are my buds. Thank you for the complement Kevin." Francis said, and turned red with embarrassment at the same time. But she also was thrilled at the idea that guys did like something about her.

At that moment the buzzer sounded again and Jim and Bill were there. Also at that moment Francis's mother called saying that she would be very late do to depositions that she needed to take from some witnesses. This was not out of the ordinary. Francis would be cooking for herself tonight, or maybe ordering pizza! She threw the idea at the guys and they all very gladly agreed and as she used one phone line to make the order they all use the other to call home letting families know they were eating out.

Then Jim and Bill turned off the computer and started turning on the TV and VCR and in almost no time the advertisements and the start of an adult XXX tape were showing on the TV. This was another first for the group. They had never watched an adult video before. Some movies had come close but never a true XXX tape. But now they were all 18 and Jim and Bill had jobs and money. The tape was billed on the box as an instructional video but it was true XXX.

In that first thirty minutes Everyone was getting very turned on by the tape and making comments about the movie. Like Fran asking "can she really be enjoying it as much as she is acting like?" Or how can he stand to lick her there?" The guys made more comments about girls bodies, and how much they cock they could swallow. The pizza came just before the thirty minutes was up but even while eating the comments kept on coming until someone said it again. 

"They are not as nice as Fran's."

It was Jim this time and he stopped breathing until Bob said, "Kevin already pointed that out before you came."

"Oh, said Jim turning to look at Fran. "He is still alive, so I am safe then too?" 

"Yes Jimmy, your safe and thank you." Was Fran's reply.

"Franny?" asks Samuel. "Can I ask you something without getting killed?" 

"Yes Sam, ask what you want." Francis says while eating another bite of pizza. 

"Can we see them?" Sam had been eyeing her leg just above her knee and was wondering just what she was wearing under her robe. Francis stopped chewing for a minute. And eyed all the boys. Then she chewed some more thinking about it. Then she put the pizza down and eyed them all again with this observation. 

"If I show them to you I show them to everyone in the room." 

"If I am going to show you all what I got, then you are all going to show me just what you got there standing at attention in your pants."

Now it was the boys turn to think about this deal, but not for long. Bill asks the next question. "If we drop our pants and show you then you show us your tits?" "Well", says Fran, "If I show you my tits I would just about be showing you everything because I have nothing on under this robe and it would be difficult to keep it together." "Therefore, I don't want you just to drop your pants. I want to see you in your birthday suits."

Bill however was not slow. He started right into stripping by pulling his T shirt over his head. All the rest follow his example. Some faster some slower until Fran had six beautiful cocks to stare at. She did not hesitate even for a moment. She stood up. She undid the belt, and dropped her robe open, then slid it off herself and tossed it into a chair in a far corner indicating that she was going to stay the way she was. The boys seeing this stashed there clothing into different corners and under chairs around the room all the while admiring the body of their dear friend Francis.

"Girl, you are beautiful" says Frank making the first statement after disrobing. 

"You all look pretty good to me to Frank." Says Fran in return. 

"Oh, and Sam, you can touch yourself if you need to, I know about masturbation." She says, seeing his hand wanting to move in that direction. "In fact I would not mind seeing it shoot of if you can." She says. 

"Oh, I can, and could in just a minute or two but I would rather make the pleasure last a little longer." Sam replies. 

"OK Sam, but if you are going to shoot let me know so that I can see, please." Sam's reply is a smile.

All the boys are touching themselves now. Some more some less depending on how close they were to coming, and their heads turn back to the movie with their minds still on the naked female in the room. As their heads turn back to the TV Fran also starts touching herself.

"I wonder what Jane would be saying right about now if she were here?" questions Fran as much to herself as to anyone else. 

"I can't say for sure" says Kevin looking back at Fran fingering herself. "But I would like to see her naked too. Her breasts may not be as big as your breasts are." (His eyes not leaving her pubic area.) "but I bet they are mighty pretty too." 

"Yea, I would bet they are too" says Bob, "but you could not do this with them." He points at a girl being tit fucked in the movie. 

"No I guess you couldn't but I sure would like to be able to touch them and kiss them and suck them, Oh, fuck, Fran I am coming" says Jim and Fran looks in time to see the spray of white juice fly out of the end of Jim's cock to land on the TV and the floor in front of it. 

"Oh, God" says Fran fingering herself faster. "I didn't know they could shoot that far." Then there is a cry from Kevin as he also shoots off his load. Followed by Frank, and then Bob and Bill, and finally Sam. Each one hitting the TV and the floor in front of it, and in the middle of all the male ejaculation Fran also has a very nice climax, better than any she has ever had before. 

"Mmmmmmmm". she moans biting her bottom lip trying to keep the noise down."That was wonderful to see.

"Mmmmmmm!"

There is a moment or two of recovery time for everyone. The boys taking time to look at Franny realizing that she to has gotten off. Then someone looks back at the TV and states, "Hay, we can't see the movie anymore!" 

"Oh, I'll fix that" says Fran who wobbles into the bathroom. Be right back. Taking only a moment to clean herself some Fran comes back with paper towels and glass cleaner.

As she cleans the TV the boys work on the carpet. Soon the picture is back and now the girl is giving a blow job to a guy. 

"You ever do that to anyone Fran?" Asks Kevin. 

"No, never even been kissed Kev." "I mean who would want to be kissing on a fat thing like me?" 

"Don't you be saying things like that girl!" cries Frank. And he scoots over and puts an arm around her shoulders. 

"This is not fat" he says rubbing her belly with his right hand." "A pound or two more than your doctor would like but girl we here love all of it." "Why 50-75 years ago a girl like you would have been a great pin up and the skinny girls now showing off would have gotten no where at all." 

"Thank you Frank" she says. "You are sweet to say that." And she holds on to his hand on her belly for a moment or two. It is making her pussy tingle and she likes it.

Then Frank looks her in the eyes and questions, "Never been kissed you say?" 

"No Frank, not yet" is her reply, and so without any further talking Frank begins kissing her and she begins enjoying the feel of a man's lips on her lips and her breasts with nipples rock hard pressing into his chest.

When they come up for breath all other eyes in the room are on them and Francis looks back into each set of eyes and says, "Oh, I love you guys so much! This is wonderful!"

"Hay, Fran?" asks Kevin. 

"Yes Kev?" answers Fran. 

"You never have gone down on a guy, but how about a guy going down on you, like that?" Kevin points at the TV. There on the TV the girl is being eaten by one of the guys. 

"No Kev. Not that either." She answers. 

"Would you want to try it?" He asks and her eyes go back to the TV for a moment and then back to his. 

"You want to do that to me?" 

"Yes I would if you would like." 

"Ok Kev" and with her already sitting on the edge of the bed Frank lays her down and starts kissing her again as Kevin moves into place. Then Franks hand brushes across her left nipple just as Kevin gives her the first kisses along the lips of her pussy and her back arches in pleasure. As Frank moves his mouth down to take her right nipple into his mouth Kevin's tongue gets in and licks from bottom to top between her nether lips and then as Bill joins Frank on her nipples Kevin's tongue hits her clit and the earthquake begins. Her back arches again and pushes her pussy up into Kevin's face fixing it so that now his nose is rubbing against her clit and she squeals with the pleasure.

This goes on for a few minutes more. Kevin leaves his face buried in her cunt with his nose rubbing on her clit and his tongue fucks up into her love canal. For Fran the orgasm is tremendous, rolling over her body and mind becuase of Kevin's not letting up until he runs short of breath.

When he does come up for air Fran has a moment or two to settle back down. Then as Kevin starts in again Fran has a thought and pulls Bill off her nipple and up towards her own head where he kisses her. 

As they break the kiss Fran says, "Give me your cock to suck on. I want to know what it is like."

Bill gives no argument and in a moment Fran is experimenting with licking and sucking a cock for the first time in her life. Sam replaces Bill on her nipple so that both nipples are still being sucked and licked and kissed while her pussy is being eaten.


Bill is on Fran's right hand side and so she uses her right hand to play with his balls as she experiments sucking and trying to swallow his dick, and as things would have it she is successful and suppressing her gag reflects and swallowing him into her throat. As she does she feels his cock swell and his balls draw up and knows she is about to receive from him his man seed.

Even prepared for his cum Fran finds that she cannot swallow it all and some leeks out onto the bed. As she cleans him off she notices that Kevin is trying to jack himself off as he is eating her. She is again near to a orgasm and pulls Samuel up to suck on his dick as Bill moves around her to replace Frank on her left nipple. But before taking Sam into her mouth she speaks to Kevin.

"Just put it in me Kev, just fuck me please!"

So without much hesitation Kevin takes his wet face out from between her legs and positions himself. As she starts in on sucking Samuel he inserts himself in part way stopping at her hymen. He then pulls out and pushes back in, stopping again just short of taking her virginity. Fran however is far beyond worrying about being hurt and on Kevin's third time into her she thrusts her hips up impaling herself on his dick and breaking her own hymen, and she moans in pleasure around the dick in her mouth as she feels Kevin's pubic hair mesh with her own.

Kevin, however is to far gone and lasts only about three thrusts more and blasts his load deep within her. Seeing that Fran is just beginning her next orgasm Frank (Who had been replaced on her nipple by Bill.) pushes Kevin out of the way and inserts himself into her pussy trusting deep and hard. Fran notices not at all the change as she is reaching about a number 9 on the Richter scale. She cannot concentrate on the dick in her mouth, but screams around it as the climax hits her. Samuel watching all this starts pumping his seed down her throat. Fran, of course. can't swallow it all and much leaks out onto the bed. Her ogasam is coming in waves with each thrust of Frank's dick into her. Frank cannot last long either and empties himself deep within Fran and all wilt down onto the bed.

This last only for a moment or two as Fran spots Jimmy laying over on the other side of the bed with a stiff dick in his hand.

"Oh no you don't" she cries out and jumps over one of the other guys to straddle Jim and take his dick deep within her. She feels his balls actually enter in between her nether lips as she rocks back and forth on his manhood as she had seen the girls on the tape do. She however does not notice Bob sitting in a near by chair with his own tool in hand.

Bob however is inspired by a container of hand cream beside the chair. He takes the bottle and covers his dick with it and stands up climes into the bed and without so much as a by your leave thrusts deep into her ass.

Fran having no warning has no time to tighten up but screams in surprise and a moment of pain but Bob is so well lubed up the pain does not last and is replaced with pleasure. Jim under her and Bob behind her find a rhythm. One is pulling out as the other is thrusting in, but neither lasts long and as they pump their seed into her Francis reaches orgasm once more shaking from head to foot and collapsing onto Jim under her and then rolling off completely spent.
