 Jennifer had decided to stay late and finish some last minute correspondence. She knew she was alone in the building except for the team of electricians who were placing new lines for a computer upgrade so she left her door open and continued to work. At times, she could hear them in the hallway, laughing about some unheard joke. Soon one of the men appeared at her open doorway, somewhat surprised that anyone else was in the building. Exchanging pleasantries, Jen and Stan, as she soon learned his name talked of the weather and other generalities. 

"Do you mind if I work in here a while?" Stan asked eventually. Soon he had brought in some tools and began to work . As Stan climbed up on a ladder to measure for a conduit, Jen noticed the huge bulge extending down the left leg of his jeans. 

Hearing her gasp lewdly, Stan asked if everything was alright. 

Jen, unable to lift her gaze said, "Oh, my, yes." Stan, sensing her attraction then asked if she could hand him a pencil from the floor. Jen, more than willing to comply, walked over to the base of the ladder and retrieved the pencil . Standing beside him, Jen pulled her top slightly lower, exposing the rounded top of her breasts. As she handed Stan the pencil., she presented to lose her balance, grabbing his leg as she fell. Her hand contacted his cock at upper thigh and slowly slid it's length feeling the massive head at its terminus. Stan groaned, smiling, and asked if she was hurt. As she stood at eye level with the biggest cock she could ever imagine, she looked upward to the man saying simply, "Show me..."

Jennifer, at 49 years old, was still very attractive. Her hair was a light brown, peppered with gray. Her hazel eyes still glimmered when she was excited. Though she thought herself overweight, her figure remained nice with ample breasts that terminated with constantly erect nipples. Her pussy was still very tight and the mere feel of her panties rubbing against her clit and full, pouty lips kept her moist. Jen also had never experienced the feel of any man's hands on her body or cock inside her except her husband's. Looking at Stan's growing bulge and thinking of her own husband's small cock, Jen decided that now was the time to be adventurous.

Stan, smiling slightly now, turned toward her, still standing on the ladder. Unhooking his tool belt, he handed it to Jennifer. Then unsnapping his jeans, he slowly started to unzip them. Reaching down, he now took Jen's hands and placed them on the waistband of his pants. Her face now directing in front of him, she could smell his sweat and muskiness through his pants. Pulling down slowly, she noticed he was wearing no underwear and as she tugged harder, more and more cock came in to view. Finally, with his pants almost to his knees, the whole thing swung free and dangled inches from her widening eyes. Jennifer groaned a low guttural moan and holding it with both hands lifted the still flaccid cock away from Stan's leg. Stan now groaned loudly and reached in his shirt pocket for a small radio. Jennifer, busy stroking the now hardening monster with both hands did not even notice him speaking softly to someone on another radio.

Jennifer, unable to contain herself slipped her dress off quickly. Soon her panties, bra and slip lay with it on the floor behind her as Stan continued to stand on the ladder. Working now with both hands, Jen had managed to awaken the beast even more. As she licked the underside, her mouth stretched to take the massive head inside. Stan, now moaning, was enjoying the sensation of her hot mouth and supple tongue and reaching down, placed one hand on her head, guiding Jen's mouth farther and farther onto his cock. As she sucked, Jen stroked the length with both hands. Now she noted that both her hands barely circled Stan's cock and the length must have been a foot or more. Groaning and sucking, she could taste drops of salty, slick cum already on her tongue. The cool air on her naked skin caused her nipples to harden and she moaned lowly, the thought of sucking this stranger's cock in her own office further exciting her.

Suddenly, Jen was surprised to feel hands all over her naked body. She had been so busy sucking Stan's cock, she had not noticed the other six men enter the room, much less see them all undress. Pulling the massive head from her aching mouth, Jennifer let herself go fully, falling into the mens' arms. Stan, with his cock now free, descended the ladder and finished undressing. "Boys" he said " looks like we get a bonus this time." Jennifer, sitting on the floor, looked around and the forest of cocks surrounding her. Kneeling, she felt her pussy getting wet to the point of dripping on the floor. She noted the cocks gauged anywhere from the 6 inches she considered average to two that were slightly thinned but inches longer than Stan's massive member. Motioning them toward her, Jennifer knelt as the men encircled her. Alternately sucking and stroking cocks in groups of three, she soon had all seven cocks erect and eager.

Standing, Jen led the men to the table in the center of her office. Lying on her back, she positioned herself so her legs and head draped off the sides of the table "Well," she whispered, "Who is first?" As the men surrounded her, their hands covered her body, caressing her breasts, stomach and outstretched throat. One of the men positioned himself at her head and guided his still semi- flaccid cock into Jen's open mouth. Groaning, she felt the man's cock grow as it filled with each pulse, filling her mouth and then squealed around it's fullness as she felt a huge, hard cock push past her engorged pussy lips to bury deep inside her. The sensation was too much. She had never had more the a 5 inch cock inside her, and now felt a foot of thick, hard manhood buried to the hilt. As she felt the man's balls slapping against her, she orgasmed. She had felt orgasms before, but nothing like this. Reaching out, she now felt a fat cock in each hand. Bucking against the cock inside her and furiously sucking the man's cock in her mouth, Jen felt herself let go. Huge contracting spasms radiated from her clit upward and outward. Grasping the two cocks, she could do no more than hang on. 

Her back involuntarily arched, hands continued to fondly her tits, her nipples like huge pink erasers, more fingers on her erect clit. Her mind in a fog of pleasure, she felt roll after roll of orgasm sweep over her. Now she heard the men groan as the two cocks skewering her stiffened. The man fucking her, lunged fully inside her and began to shoot load after loads of hot, silky cum inside her spasming pussy. Feeling this, she spasmed again and again. Freeing her hands from the two cocks she held, Jennifer grasped the man's hips above her head, pulling his cock deeper as she sucked harder and harder. The times she her sucked her husband's cock, Jennifer had never wanted him to cum in her mouth, allowing it only a couple times in their 28 years of marriage, but now, it was all she wanted. Freeing herself momentarily, she turned over onto her stomach and pulled the man to her again. Sucking him deeply inside her mouth, Jen began to suck and use her tongue on the underside of the huge cock simultaneously. In seconds, the man's cock began to buck and spew an enormous load of salty, slick cum into her mouth. A low guttural moan escaped her as she sucked the man dry, holding his now softening cock as long as she could.

With cum streaming from her still gaping pussy, Jen rolled onto her back again, her breasts still heaving from the exertion of such a hard fuck and so many orgasms. The men, by now were all laughing and stroking themselves to maintain their hardness. Jen stood slowly, leading Stan and the others to a sofa in the outer hallway. Sitting Stan on the edge of the couch, Jennifer with her back to him, straddled his legs, and placing one of her own feet on the couch beside him, began to lower herself onto his hardened manhood. Feeling the head spreading her open, Jen groaned loudly and with a guttural squeal impaled herself to the base of his cock. Uttering a animal moan, she swayed back and forth pulling him totally inside her. Never had she ever imagined being so filled by a cock. The breadth pushed her wet pussy walls open in all directions and the swell of the thick head made her grasp each time she felt it slide into and out of her pussy. She felt parts of her deep inside being caressed that she never knew existed. Her pussy was now so wet a small gush of her juices squirted out with each plunge of Stan's cock.

Totally filled, Jen felt Stan slowly start to fuck her as the other men ran their hand over her quivering body. After a dozen strokes, Jennifer was being lifted off the man completely as he fucked her so hard his cock was completely leaving her gaping pussy before slamming back inside. Jen, beginning to orgasm from the frantic fucking already began to spasm and yell out until a huge cock head filled her mouth also. Unable to bear any more, she began to shudder, her pussy squirting around the cock inside her and moaning past the cock filling her mouth. With a half dozen more strokes, almost beyond knowing now, Jen felt both cocks spasm. In three more strokes her pussy was filled to overflowing with hot silky cum as she sucked furiously to swallow the load deep in her mouth. As the cocks softened, sliding out of her Jen felt other hands on her and knew much more was to come.

Jennifer was now totally limp, lying back onto Stan's chest. One of the men pulled a square coffee table from an adjacent office into the hallway and Jen felt many hands assisting her to her unsteady feet. One of the men with an immensely long, thin cock lay on his back on the table, his manhood standing like a flag pole. Walking to him, Jen placed her hands on either side of his hips ad lowered her hot mouth to the head of his cock. Opening her mouth widely, she lowered her mouth onto him until the tip was against the back of her throat and her pendulous tits brushed hard nipples against his thighs. Quickly closing her mouth around the cock, she pushed herself back and off of him. She giggled at the man's reaction and climbing onto the table, stood over the man. Kneeling and lowering herself, she pushed herself onto the waiting monster under her. Lubricated by the loads of cum still inside her, Jen moaned softly as she impaled herself. Now on her knees, straddling the man, Jennifer looked at the rest of the men and asked; "Any more?..."

One of the men quickly climbed behind Jen and rubbing his cock head in the cum surrounding her pussy, began to push his cock into her virgin ass. Startled by the intrusion, Jen squealed and almost asked him to stop, but for some reason did not. Looking back forward, she found a fresh, hard cock at mouth level and consumed it lustily. Jen was being rocked back and forth as the cocks in his ass and pussy pushed her onto and off the one in the mouth. Her nipples dragged along the man's chest under her and more hands fondled her dangling tits and caressed her back. Suddenly she felt the man fucking her ass shift his position slightly and her mind still reeling wondered what was next. The two men fucking her stopped for an instant, both cocks deep inside her, and now she felt something else touching her pussy lips, "Now" she heard a man say as she felt another cock push into her already full pussy. Her eyes widened and she squealed loudly around the cock filling her mouth. 

"God," she thought, "don't stop now..." With a lunge the second man buried his 12 inch cock into her already tightly filled pussy. Orgasms immediately swept her again as the four men now fucked her in unison. The addition of a second cock to the one already in her convulsing pussy, ass and mouth pushed her over the edge. Moaning loudly and bucking violently against the four cocks invading her, Jennifer pushed, wiggled and sucked to take advantage of the most intense, continuous orgasm her had ever known. She felt every cell of her body tingle and as the men fucked her violently encouraged by the cheers of their friends. As she began to lose touch with reality, she felt all four cocks stiffen and began to fill her mouth, ass and pussy with jets of hot cum. She felt one last orgasm sweep her as she collapsed onto the man under her, still feeling the cocks filling her soften and slip out.

Jennifer awoke several hours later, still lying naked, spread eagle on the table in the hallway. Reaching downward she felt still sticky cum covering her belly, and thighs. As she sat, a rivulet of cum oozed from her red, sore pussy and she giggled to herself as she realized the men's loads of cum now covered her very uptight boss's favorite table. On legs that barely supported her, Jen walked still naked down the hallway and into her office. On her desk was a note. It said, simply "Still need to finish the job. We'll be back tomorrow night." Jennifer felt a fresh shudder run through her knowing that, this job may take weeks to complete it to her satisfaction.