 (Author's note: If you haven't read the previous chapters of "Frank & Cheryl" you might want to, just to know the background on this couple and how they arrived at this point in their building relationship.

Physical descriptions: Frank is a divorced 35 year old, 5'-11" tall, 185 pounds and fit; brown crew cut hair, clean shaven, brown eyes. Cheryl is a never married 32 year old, 5'-01" tall, 110 pounds and very small framed. A-cup close-to-but-not-quite- B-cup chest with highly sensitive nipples. Dirty blond hair that she keeps cut short. They are both into fitness, so Cheryl's body, while petite, is curved and firm.)

- - - - - - - - - -

The next few weeks passed quite pleasantly as Cheryl's tryst with Tom (see previous chapter) seemed to fuel an even greater sexual fire between them. Cheryl had all but moved into Frank's place, while not yet comfortable enough with their quickly building relationship to surrender her apartment. She still had several months left on her current lease anyway, and they did, on occasion, enjoy the time away from each other. Both of them agreed with the statement, "Absence makes the heart grow fonder," and due to previous relationships they were also familiar with the often-forgotten back half of the thought: "Familiarity breeds contempt." As much as they enjoyed each other's company and always found fun pleasurable ways to fill their time together, both were a bit nervous about making the commitment of moving in and "being stuck" with each other. It almost felt silly since they'd recently acknowledged their feelings for each other and their future was looking bright. They seemed very well suited and complimentary to each other.

During the few weeks after Frank's outlook on an open relationship - physically anyway - had been tested by him watching Cheryl play with Tom, they lived what would be a normal life for them. They both worked diligently at their jobs. They enjoyed time together at the gym when they could, but Cheryl's gym was close to her work and Frank's was the one he ran, so they didn't get exercise time together very often. They enjoyed dates and activities and their sex life was certainly above average (so they believed). Cheryl had remained active on the swinger sites that they had joined, not that Frank wouldn't but she seemed to have more time and enjoyed surfing the sites more. She'd found a couple of groups they had joined and was on the lookout for a house party that they could attend. There were a few adult clubs that weren't too far away but for some reason attending such a club didn't appeal to them as much as joining a smaller group of people in the lifestyle. They weren't searching for recreational anonymous sex, but found that they wanted to make friends with other couples in the lifestyle and find just the right folks they "clicked" with to enjoy physically as well as socially.

As it worked out, an impromptu house party popped up in one of the groups they'd joined and they found themselves planning to attend the upcoming Saturday evening. It was being held at a member's house about a 45 minute drive away from Frank's and they were planning to just spend the night at Frank's house Saturday anyway. They had a day full of activities planned which included, thanks to the weather predictions, a day of hiking at a nearby state park followed by a shower to get fresh and then (probably) hours of massaging and playing with each other until they crashed. So attending the house party wasn't THAT great a change in plans. They'd still spend the day hiking and then showering - but instead of being alone to play, they'd attend the house party, meet some new folks and (hopefully) find someone to enjoy playing with.

The true goal, for Cheryl, was to find a woman she could watch Frank enjoy. Previous conversations, in their early stages of dating, had revealed that neither of them felt physical monogamy was required in a relationship and, in fact, neither of them wanted it. Frank's outlook on this had been tested when he watched Cheryl seduce and play with a guy she met at her gym named Tom. Watching had turned Frank on a lot and Cheryl had certainly enjoyed having both men in the same day. The experience hadn't been repeated - not that Tom wasn't interested. He made suggestive comments to Cheryl every time he saw her at the gym, but their fuckdate had served a purpose for Cheryl and Frank. Cheryl didn't want to play again until she had proven her outlook to Frank as well. It was a matter of keeping things balanced in her mind. She was hoping to find a potential playmate for Frank at the house party so she could watch him with another woman and demonstrate that she was as happy and turned on by him playing as he was when she enjoyed Tom.

To say that they were both eager for the weekend was an understatement. Without discussion, they seemed to reduce their sexual interactions for the week. They still spent plenty of time together and a great deal of it was spent naked. They teased and kissed, caressed and had fun... but by some unspoken agreement they avoided intercourse and Cheryl only got Frank one orgasm during the week. It was as if they'd silently agreed to save it up for the weekend and see how the party went.

That Saturday morning they woke up leisurely, enjoying not having to get out of bed immediately and laying close, caressing each other, kissing various places on their bodies. Finally Cheryl's grumbling stomach made Frank giggle and they decided to get up. Cheryl's usual "around the house" wear was one of Frank's t-shirts that just barely covered her butt. Frank pulled on a pair of pajama pants and tied them loosely around his waist. His semi-erect cock made a tent at the front and Cheryl had a good time "accidentally" brushing against it, backing her ass up to it, and more through the morning.

Food was another carnal pleasure they both enjoyed, and the fact that they were both on strict exercise regimens allowed them to enjoy it more than others thought they could. With their morning coffee they had orange juice, scrambled eggs with diced peppers and onions, and thick sliced bacon. After they ate, slowly and enjoying every bite, they cleaned up the dishes together and got dressed for their day of hiking.

The weather had turned out as beautiful as predicted. Both were wearing jeans and hiking boots, but where Frank had on a t-shirt and would be carrying a small pack, Cheryl put on a very tight, cut out at the shoulders and across her back, t-shirt that showed a lot of skin. Normally she'd wear a bra to keep her not-quite-B-cup boobs in place for such an activity, but today she wanted to distract Frank all she could and keep him on sexual edge. Her nipples seemed to stay erect and were constantly visible through the thin material of her shirt. The v-neck front of it was cut low down between her breasts and if it hadn't been so tight, Frank was sure he - and others - would have gotten an eyeful.

In Frank's pack was a small lunch for them and a water bottle in either side pocket plus the 3-litre hydration system that was built in. That had been filled with ice before water and it stayed relatively cold through the morning. The park where they were hiking had a rest station several miles from the main park visitor's station and their goal was to get to the rest station for lunch, relax and have lunch there, and then hike back. The distance in between was about seven kilometers and they felt they could do it with time to spare each way if they stayed motivated and didn't get too distracted.

Several places along the trail Frank had to help Cheryl with some obstacles simply because of her height and the length of her legs. Just barely over five feet tall Cheryl was petite by anyone's standards. On those occasions, Frank took advantage to get a handful of her sexy ass or brush his hands over her attention-demanding chest. Cheryl knew what he was doing and always accepted his attentions with a smile, adding a tongue-filled passionate kiss to the teasing contact.

During one stop for a drink of water, Cheryl "accidentally" spilled some down the front of her shirt, making the material damp. It wasn't a white t-shirt but it was very light gray and became almost opaque. There were no other hikers around at that moment but if they met any on the trail, they'd certainly get an eyeful. Cheryl's nipples were like erect little diamonds and Frank wanted one in his mouth so bad he could just imagine it so clearly he almost tasted it.

By the time they got to the rest station and started to unpack their lunch, Cheryl's t-shirt was almost completely dry. There were several other people at the same location, also enjoying a lunch break, so Frank had to keep his desires for her under control. It was the last thing he wanted to do. The week of greatly reduced sexual activity had left him horny as hell and he knew, beyond any doubt, that what Cheryl wanted more than anything was to feel his cock cumming into her. Focusing on the pleasure of the food they'd brought, Frank tried to put that thought out of his mind... but it wasn't easy with his hardening cock causing some discomfort in his jeans.

They enjoyed their lunch in a relatively relaxed fashion, eating their wraps and snacks as they discussed some of the sights they'd seen along the hike up. The hike back was a slightly different route and they were looking forward to different views. Frank commented about how the best view he'd seen all morning was Cheryl's sexy ass while she climbed part of the trail in front of him. Cheryl laughed and joked back that she thought it would have been her naked ass peeking out from under his t-shirt that morning in the kitchen. He agreed that was far better and the teasing continued.

The trail back was a bit more demanding and left them more thoroughly exercised. Still, they were both in good physical condition and enjoyed the challenges. It wasn't anything they couldn't have done again immediately or the next day. By the time they got back to Frank's car they were nicely sweating and eager for a tall cold drink before they got showered.

Once they were back at Frank's house, he got them each a cold beer and poured them into frosted mugs. Cheryl was already up in his bathroom stripped and getting the shower going when he walked in with the drinks. She took hers and took a big sip while he sat his down and stripped out of his hiking clothes. Cheryl smiled when she saw that his cock was already at half-staff again and thought about giving him some relief. She decided not and with a wicked smile gave him a quick peck on the lips while giving his cock a quick caress/stroke with her hand. "Come on," she said with a giggle in her voice, "The shower's already hot." Frank groaned out his frustration and followed her into the large shower stall.

As a general rule they enjoyed cleansing each other when they showered together. Soaping up each other's body and using that lather both to caress while they cleaned was a pleasure that often led to more. They had tried washing each other's hair but it hadn't gone well, so they left that bit of romantic scenery to the movies. They'd also discovered that if they didn't do things right, they ended up with soap in their mouths during passionate kisses... so those remained limited in the shower as well. However, that's not to say the shower was without pleasurable interaction. Quite often, after they were thoroughly rinsed, "taste tests" were done to make sure all the soap was indeed rinsed off and that oral exploration often led to orgasms or intercourse which ended in the same result and left them needing to get cleaned up again. It was a good thing Frank's house had dual 50-gallon hot water heaters. Given their plans for the evening, shaving private areas was included in the shower process and that added a level of sexuality to it. It also made the brief taste tests that much more pleasurable.

After showering they dressed as if for lounging around the house. Cheryl was once again in one of Frank's t-shirts and he was in his pajama pants. They wanted to dress for the party after eating dinner, which was a large salad for both of them. They wanted to feel full but didn't want anything heavy on their stomachs. Past experience had shown that vigorous sex with a full belly might not be the best idea and both of them were quite open about the fact that they were hoping for rambunctious sex at the party. If they didn't find a suitable partner for Frank, they knew they'd enjoy each other and even the idea of that happening at the party excited them. Neither of them had much shame so if they couldn't find a playmate for Frank, Cheryl said she pretty much planned to ride him to orgasm. She said she felt she owed it to him given how she'd teased him and kept him on edge all week.

After eating and cleaning up the dishes they got dressed for the party. Frank put on a pair of tan slacks and a gray dress shirt. He rolled the sleeves up on the shirt and left a couple buttons open at the top. His brown leather belt matched his brown loafers and as much as he wanted to go commando, he knew he wouldn't be comfortable doing such for the evening. Instead, he put on his favorite red pair of boxer briefs. Cheryl's outfit was much easier to put on: it was a tight fitting red tube dress that was low cut in the back, v-cut in the front, fit her very snuggly and stopped not far below her butt. She wore nothing under it and her shapely legs didn't require stockings or hosiery of any kind. She wore a pair of black heels with it. The heels were medium height; not super tall "stripper" heels and not flats.

In the car, as Frank drove, Cheryl commented on how horny she was hoping they'd find some naughty fun to get into at the party. As she made that comment, she spread her legs as far as the seat would allow and reached one hand under the hem of her dress to touch herself.

"Ah, ah, ah," said Frank, reaching over to pull her hand back out from under her dress and away from her pussy. "None of that. You've made me wait most of the week and given me limited release while keeping me constantly on edge. You have to wait for any kind of stimulation and release at the party." Cheryl pouted playfully but dutifully kept her hands in her lap, away from her wet sex. Frank chuckled at her pout. "Get over it," he said with a smile, and then continued, "AND... aren't we going to this party for the express purpose of finding a playmate I can get into? Isn't tonight supposed to be a test of how well you deal with seeing me with another woman?"

Cheryl returned Frank's smile with a big mischievous one of her own. "Oh, we are definitely going to find a woman for you to play with," she replied. "But my pussy is going to get some kind of attention tonight, either from you, another man, a woman or my own hands. I'm as needy for a good fuck and several orgasms as you are to empty your balls!"

"Fair enough," said Frank still sporting a grin, and now also sporting half an erection in his pants. "I'm looking forward to seeing what the night will hold."

They passed the rest of the ride mostly in silence as they both thought about what might happen at the party. Frank intentionally distracted himself by thinking about changing the oil in his car. The last thing he wanted to do was to walk into a house party with a tent already visible in his pants.

They found the house easily enough and there was plenty of parking in the back of the driveway. The house was pretty big and from the emails Cheryl had exchanged with the hostess, they knew it had seven bedrooms. Each bedroom had its own bathroom and the basement was fully finished with two large recreation rooms - what the hostess had referred to as "play rooms" - down there as well. On the back deck, which stretched the entire back length of the house, there was a Jacuzzi the hostess said would hold ten people and tiki torches were already lit around the perimeter of the deck.

Frank parked and went around to open Cheryl's door for her. He enjoyed the view between her muscular thighs of her shaven but slightly glistening pussy lips as she stepped one foot out of the car and then the other. He offered her his hand to help her up and then waited as she adjusted her dress back down to where it should be. Hand in hand they walked over to the side entry of the house, as they'd been instructed via email from the hostess. They'd been told that normally it would be expected for them to bring a snack dish and something for the bar, but since this was their first time, they had simply made a cash donation to the hostess online. Apparently, that arrangement made the first time experience slightly less stressful. Not that Frank or Cheryl was feeling very stressed. They were both nervously excited but also very eager to see what the evening would hold.

They let themselves in the side door, as directed, and found themselves entering the house through a very large and well-appointed kitchen. There were already three couples milling around and Frank saw more down the hallway in what looked like a living room. The first person to greet them was Melanie, their hostess. She was a medium height blond with a figure that spoke to a lot of time in the gym. Her outfit was comprised of what looked like a single piece jumpsuit with short legs. It had a tank-top design with a button down front and it looked like it buttoned all the way down into the crotch. Cheryl glanced briefly and saw either buttons or snaps on the insides of either leg as well, so if every button was unbuttoned and every snap was unsnapped, the outfit would be essentially a wrap that was hanging on Melanie's shoulders. As it she wore it, the top five or six buttons were undone and her cleavage was plentiful. Cheryl was often envious of women with that kind of cleavage, but, on the other hand, her own not-quite-B-cup breasts would never sag much no matter how old she got or how little she wore a bra.

Melanie welcomed them in and hugged them both, giving Frank a peck on the cheek as she did so. The hugs weren't the "nice to meet you, keep my hips away, light arm touch" kind of hugs either. The hug she gave Cheryl was head to toe and when she hugged Frank it was with both arms and one of her hands was well below his waist as she pulled him closer to give him that peck on the cheek. He was sure she felt his semi-erection press against her and the smile she had when she broke the hug told him she not only didn't mind, but was quite delighted.

Being the gracious hostess to the first timers... the "newbies"... Melanie introduced them around to the couples that were in the kitchen and then escorted them down to the living room to introduce them to the couple there as well as her husband, Keith. Keith was about the same height as Melanie which made him shorter than average, but that wasn't what first caught Frank or Cheryl's attention. The fact that he was wearing only a pair of boxers and his body fat looked about 5% was of immediate notice. Cheryl also noted what looked like a completely flaccid yet still fairly large piece of equipment contained in Keith's boxers. Although it felt odd, Frank shook Keith's hand, complimented him on the house and thanked him for the invitation. Melanie spoke up to offer them a tour of the house and to go over the rules of the party. She mentioned there was another new couple that was coming and she wanted to wait until they arrived so she only had to give the tour once. Frank and Cheryl followed her back to the kitchen where they each got something to drink and tried to settle in to comfortable chit chat with the other couples, whose names it would take them a little while to learn.

Within a half hour, all the couples who were supposed to be attending had arrived and Frank was quite pleased to see that they all looked like they took some pride in themselves. One of the men and two of the women were what most would call "bomb shell" good looking, but even the average looking folks - which is what Frank felt he and Cheryl were - were well built and fit, ranging from slim to curvy for the women. All of the personalities seemed open and social and the conversation was filled with jokes and sexual innuendoes.
