 Sylvia had come to this particular frat party to get fucked - and getting fucked she was! Fed up with bad dates that went nowhere and relationships where her heart got broken, she'd decided that right now all she needed was a good hard fuck. She hadn't even particularly cared who it came from, just someone who wasn't going to leave her with a broken heart at the end of it. It had been almost 6 months since she'd last had sex and she intended to make up for it now. 

The guy on top of her was actually one she knew, his name was Chris and she'd seen him around campus before. A year older than her at 22 he was a little drunk but still very excited to have this gorgeous leggy girl come up to him and start blatantly making out. She'd chosen him because he was cute and rumored to be one hell of a lay, and when they'd gotten up into bed she'd also found that he had a rather sizable dick. Right now all of it was buried in her twat, making her burn with pent-up lust as he fucked her hard, the bed was shaking he was laying into her so good. Moaning loudly she wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling his thick meat deeper into her pussy.

"FUCK ME! FUCK ME HARD YOU BASTARD!!!" She screamed as she started cumming... the door to the room banged open and two more guys were staring at her getting her brains fucked out. That didn't stop her orgasm though, it kept going as she screamed her ecstasy at the watching guys; they were grinning as Chris gasped and buried himself into her convulsing pussy, spilling cum into her body. Gasping happily as the guy collapsed on top of her she looked at their viewers.

"Can I help you," she asked, as dignified as she could be with a dick shrinking inside her body.

"I don't know," said one of them as they walked forward, "Maybe you can."

Before she could say anything else they'd pushed Chris off of her and over to the side and grabbed a hold of her breasts. One of them kissed her mouth, stifling her protests as his hand toyed with her boob; the other took hold of her other boob and squeezed it as his mouth locked over her nipple. After a minute or two her protests died as the itch in her pussy started up again, wanting desperately to be scratched.

The guys sensed her submission and one of them pulled her up and turned her over so that she was on her hands and knees; almost immediately she had a dick in her mouth and another one pressing into her pussy. For a moment she worried that this would make her a slut, and then she decided she didn't care. There was something very erotic about having a dick at each end, and the one in her pussy was making her feel fantastic! 

Fucking back and forth, she was sucking the guy in front straight down her throat, eagerly trying to fit more of him in. It was like she was actually hungry for cock... one of them had reached down and was playing with her breasts, making her moan ecstatically as her nipples were roughly tugged and pulled. Something about the whole situation just made her want everything hard and rough, brutal really... almost abusive. She wanted them to use her, to make her cum on their rods... 

As the dick in her pussy began to swell inside of her, she clamped down in orgasm, her moans vibrating the dick in her mouth. The grip on her nipples tightened as the one in her pussy came, making her cry out with ecstatic pain... and then he was softening inside her and gone. Her pussy was still on fire, feeling a little raw after having two guys fuck it. 

Suddenly another dick was pushing its way into her chafed pussy, and she wondered where it had come from. In and out... and then it was gone and her pussy was empty. Something pressed against her asshole. Struggling, she screamed against the dick in her mouth, allowing the guy to shove his dick all the way down her throat; her nose pressed up against his groin as she thrashed in pain, trying to get away from the invader from behind. Her virgin ass opened up slowly, painfully, as the insistent dick forced its way into her tight interior.

The guy behind her groaned with pleasure, "No sloppy seconds here... this is definitely a virgin ass man... she's fucking tight."

"I'm next!" called out another guy, and Sylvia felt her eyes get big. More hands were touching her now, and she was swallowing the cum that was pouring down her throat. Not gagging gave her something to concentrate on other than the pain in her ass at least. Fingers reached down to her pussy and rubbed the wet, swollen folds, finding her clit and twisting it; the pleasure began to help the pain in her ass recede a little more. Another dick was pushed into her mouth and more hands covered her breasts and nipples, she felt a little afraid, wondering how many of them were there.

The guy in her ass came, his dick pulsing against the tight ring of her ass, so that she could feel every spurt as it entered her body. As soon as he was gone there was another guy behind her, thrusting his dick into her asshole; it didn't hurt quite as much but it still burned as he ravaged her deflowered hole. 

During the next round she was placed on top of one guy, and another began to press into her asshole. She moaned at the abuse her body was taking, her holes felt like they were completely stuffed, almost as if she'd had too much to eat. Her poor asshole was starting to feel rather swollen and stiff, not wanting to give any more cocks entrance into its brutalized depths. Moaning as the two guys began to fuck her in rhythm, she was mildly surprised when she climaxed only a few minutes later.

It was a hard long climax, stimulated further along by the thrusting twin cocks that filled her up, punishing her body. Dimly she wondered if this was really what she had wanted. The evening filled up in a haze of cocks thrusting into her body, orgasm after orgasm until she was sobbing and begging for a break. Her holes felt gaping and sore... when the guys thought that they'd gotten too sloppy they carried her into the bathroom where they pushed a hose into her pussy and ass, filling her with warm water and making her shriek with discomfort. When they felt she was clean they dried her off and began her degradation all over again on the bathroom floor. She lost track of how many guys used her - and how many orgasms she had.

The only memorable moment of the night after the beginning was when the frat brother nicknamed "Horse" took his turn in her ass. He was gigantic, long and wide... she screamed as he began to work his way into her poor ass, fingers rubbed on her clit and she was forced to cum as he fucked her with his fearful weapon. She could actually feel her stomach cramping around him as he stirred her insides, her clit swelling up in someone's fingers; it burned when she clenched down on him as she came, her ass muscles convulsing around his thickness. Shaking and sobbing with painful ecstacy, she fell forward onto her face, hands keeping her ass high in the air for him to plunder. When he came it was as though buckets of cum were filling her ass, she tightened her hole painfully around him, her body trying to adjust to the way he swelled in her ass as he bellowed and came. He was the only one to continue thrusting as he came and it was incredibly erotic and painful at the same time.

In the morning Sylvia could barely walk... Chris took her back into his room and let her sleep there for the rest of the day. When she woke up her pussy and ass were still incredibly sore, and she kind of waddled. 

A few days passed before she really felt totally recovered; but as soon as she did, she went looking for "Horse" again, back at the same Frat House.