 When I was in college, all the girls went to frat parties every weekend. I was pre-med, so I was always doing homework. They would get all tarted up in short skirts and tight tops, and I would be hunched over a book in sweats and a t shirt eating ramen noodles out of a cup. 

All the girls would come home early Saturday morning, lipstick smeared, with their bras and panties in their purses, and regale me with stories of all the guys they'd fucked. 

Bent over the couch taking it from behind, straddling a guy in his bedroom while blowing his roommate, eating each other's pussies while the guys sat around in a circle and watched and jerked off on them. They even told me about contests! 

One contest that they seemed to have each week was the blow job contest. Two girls would get completely naked and kneel on the floor. Willing participants would drop their pants and stand in line to get blown by these girls. Each girl would blow as many guys as she could in an allotted amount of time to see who could get more guys to squirt on their faces. 

Each girl would have a team of "fluffers" who would tease the guys till they got hard. Sometimes the fluffers were naked too. They fluffers weren't allowed to put their mouths on the guys cocks and were only allowed to use their fingers to lightly stroke the cock. – no jerking the guys off. So most of the girls got naked and masturbated or ate each other out to get the guys hard. Each week they had the contest, the previous week's champion would face off against a new competitor. 

One Friday night my roommate came home pounding her fists in the air and screaming! She came into the room and her hair was all stiff. She had won the blow job contest. I didn't know this, but she had competed three times before and been beaten handily. She told me she had been going over there every night for two weeks and practicing. She would just line the guys up and blow them till they came all over her face. That night she was set. 

The allotted time for the contest was always 12 minutes. The record for most guys jizz was 16. That was the girl from down the hall who had fucked all 14 guys on our floor in the first two weeks of the semester. She was a pro. Well, my roommate sucked off 21 guys. She didn't wash the cream off her face because she was so proud of herself. 

The week of midterms I was a wreck, but wound up doing very well. That Friday, my roommate convinced me to go to the frat party. I got dressed and she gave me a look. She made me change completely into an little tiny skirt with no panty hose, and a very tight short top. She lent me a demi-bra, so my nipples weren't covered. It was cold, and they stood out like spikes. 

I was embarrassed – until we got there. We walked in and most of the girls were topless, and some of them were completely nude. Christy took off her top as soon as we walked in. She encouraged me to do the same. But I couldn't. So she gave me punch for an hour until I was drunk enough, then she helped me off with all my clothes.

I watched as people fucked and sucked all around me. A guy came up to me and started to suck my nipples, without even introducing himself. I didn't stop him. Before I knew it I was on my back and he was fucking me. 

My roommate, Christy, came over and started to kiss me. She used a finger to rub my clit while I was being fucked. She smiled at this guy whose cock was pounding into my wet pussy, and she started to kiss him. He leaned back in such a way that while he was fucking me, she was able to lick my clit. 

I hadn't ever felt anything like that. I came in about 30 seconds. I screamed out loud, and a small but appreciative group gathered to watch us. The guy pulled out and came all over my pussy. 

Christy licked it up, and continued to eat me out until I came again. I was moaning like crazy and before I knew it there was a cock in my mouth. Christy looked up at him and smiled and they traded places. 

In an instant he was buried in my pussy to the balls and Christy straddled my face until her pussy was over my mouth. I was still pretty drunk so I started lapping her up like a cat. The guy who was fucking me pulled out and rubbed his hard cock between Christy's pussy and my mouth. He came all over my face, and so did Christy. 

Before I knew it, they had all moved on, and I was sitting on the couch covered in cum, with Christy next to me, gently rubbing my clit with her finger. The whole episode lasted less than half an hour. I had fucked two guys whose names I didn't even know, and had eaten pussy for the first time in my life. 

"Did you like eating my pussy?" Christy asked. 

I didn't really know the answer to that, it had all happened so fast. But, I didn't dislike it, I guess, so I told her I liked it just fine. 

"Well, we have plenty of time before the end of the year to suck each other off as much as we want. I'll let you find some more cock." 

And then she disappeared into the crowd. 

I sat there alone for a moment, still on my back, with my legs spread wide, before a guy came up to me and asked if I would suck him off. Since he actually asked instead of just putting his meat in my mouth, I obliged. He had a pretty thick cock, but not too long, so I deep throated him. He kept stopping so he wouldn't come. He was moaning and screaming like you wouldn't believe. 

I was blowing him for what seemed like forever when my roommate came over to tell me that it was time to defend her blow job championship, and would I act as a fluffer for her. I looked up at her over this cock and raised my eyebrows. 

She said, "All you have to do is rub your clit a little, and maybe eat some pussy. You like to do that." 

My eyes got wide. I don't think I was ready for that yet. 

Then this guy in my mouth said, "Fuck that, she should challenge you. This is the best blow job I've ever had." 

I pulled away from him and said, "That's it, no fucking way. I am not blowing a dozen guys while a roomful of strangers watch. What am I, some kind of white trash whore?" 

Christy was noticeably offended by this remark, and I instantly felt bad. I tried to stammer out an explanation, but she cut me off. 

"Honey, you fucked two guys on this couch not half an hour ago. You ate my pussy, and gave this guy a blow job, all in front of a room full of strangers who were more than appreciative. You could eat any pussy and suck any cock in this room if you wanted to – they loved your performance so much. You already are a whore. The only reason you won't challenge me is because you know I'll beat your prissy little ass." 

I was so embarrassed, and so sorry for insulting Christy, that I agreed to challenge her. I figured I'd lose graciously and she could continue being the cock queen. 

They threw a pillow on the floor, and I kneeled on it. The guys lined up, cocks in the air, and the first one on my line rested his hard shaft on my closed lips. It was already leaking precum. The bell went off, I opened my mouth, and this guy fucked my face so vigorously that I didn't really do anything at all. He came in about fifteen seconds. The next two guys did the same thing. 

After that it got hard, so to speak. But because of those three guys in the beginning, and because Christy was really drunk, I wound up tying her at 12 cocks each. I was covered in jizz, and so was she. Two girls came over and started to lick the come off us. 

I was then informed that I would have to participate in a tie- breaker. This was endless. I had enough cock in my mouth, and was frankly, a little horny and wanted to have some cock in my pussy for a little while. 

Well, thank god for this tie- breaker. I had a lot of sex in high school, and was more experienced than Christy. She had been a virgin until about 5 weeks before this. She fucked for the first time at one of these frat parties, and even with all the fucking, of the last month, her experiences were more limited than mine were. 

She was noticeably deficient in the area of anal sex, while I had many cocks in my ass in the past. In fact, I loved a hard cock rammed up my asshole.

The tiebreaker was five minutes. Each girl had to make as many guys as possible come in five minutes, using whatever body parts and methods the liked. They provided us with hard guys and lube.

Well, Christy got on her back and took a guy in her pussy, one in her mouth and one in each hand. 

She tried to take one between the tits, but it didn't work out with so many guys. She couldn't hold them together, and he couldn't hold them together and fuck her at the same time.

She was well into this while I lubed up myself and the guys. I gently rubbed lube all around my asshole, and then stuck my finger in my tight little hole to get lube in there. My pussy was plenty lubed already. Then i squirted lube on all the guys and rubbed it in. They liked that. 

I got a kitchen chair and sat one guy in it. I straddled his cock and got a rhythm going. Then I leaned over and told a guy to shove his cock up my ass. He was stunned. I screamed at him to hurry. I took one guy in each hand and told another, "Hey, fuck my face!" I moaned like crazy and bucked like a bronco, which got them all going. 

Christy and I made them all come in around the same amount of time, but she was only working on four, and I had five. In the end, she was able to do eight guys. I got fifteen to come all over me. I was the new cock queen. Christy wasn't mad. She said she would challenge me every week till she beat me. 

Everyone liked the sound of that. 

I became a regular at the frat house, endlessly with a cock filling me somewhere, and Christy and I began regularly eating each other out. I loved college.