 Julie was one of the most popular girls in her high school. She was a cheerleader for four years and was elected captain in her senior year. She was on the Honor Roll, on the prom committee, school newspaper and vice president of her senior class. She dated Dan, the quarterback of the football team, and was elected Homecoming Queen. Not only was Julie popular but she was also beautiful, standing at 5'8", slender frame, 34b breasts with long blonde hair and blue eyes.

She was the envy of a lot of her female classmates and knew many of the boys desired her. Julie would flaunt her beauty at times, especially when she was in her cheerleader uniform. On the Fridays before games, all of the cheerleaders would wear their uniforms to school and she knew many of the young boys would follow her with their eyes as she walked down the hallways of school. 

However, things changed once Julie went to a large mid-west university. Once the most popular girl in school, Julie was now just a one of 30,000 other students and no longer the brightest and prettiest girl around. She got lost in the crowd. She just assumed that she would be an automatic addition to the cheerleading squad but was devastated when she was one of the first girls cut. Used to getting straight A's, Julie was being challenged by college courses and was now getting B's and C's which further traumatized her. Her college roommate, Jen, liked to party on the weekends and often invited her to parties or offered to help her get her a fake ID to get into some of the bars close to campus but Julie was determined to study hard to improve her grades but no matter how many hours she spent at the library, she was still an average student.

She became slightly depressed and her self-esteem plummeted, especially after having to deal with the gain of almost forty pounds, the legendary "Freshman 40." After never having to worry about having a date on the weekend, Julie had only been on two dates since the beginning of her freshman year and none in the last month. She often thought of her high school boyfriend who broke up with her at the end of the summer their senior year. She missed him and wished things could go back to her glory days in high school but that wasn't possible.

Things continued like this into the spring semester and Julie's confidence remained low, still struggling with her grades, social life and battling her weight gain. She didn't have sex with the few guys she did date, but gave them hand jobs, more out of boredom than really liking them. She didn't believe in having sex unless she deeply cared about her partner. The dates she had weren't the most attractive guys on campus but they, at least, showed an interest in her. When she had completed her first year, she wasn't even sure she wanted to go back to the large university in the fall. She thought about transferring to a small local college. Her parents and friends convinced her to give it one more try in the fall, after all, she was attending the university she dreamed about since junior high.

She even tried to rekindle the romance she had with Dan throughout most of high school but he had moved on to other girls and showed no interest in Julie anymore. Julie was determined to turn things around before going back to school. She began to work out regularly and lost some of the weight she had gained. She still thought her butt was too big and her thighs were a little thicker than she wanted but she felt much better about herself. She went on a few dates with some of her former classmates that were also home for the summer and she was gaining a little more confidence but she still never had sex with anyone other than Dan. As the summer was coming to an end, she felt a little anxiety about returning to school. What would happen if her grades didn't improve or if she had no social life again?

When she moved back into the dorms for the fall semester, she was determined to have a better year than last year. On the evening that she first moved back, Jen told her about a frat party she was going to and invited her along. Julie heard horrible stories about the drugs, alcohol and sex at these parties and it didn't appeal to her and was reluctant to go.

Jen had tried all of last year to get her to loosen up and said something that resonated with Julie. "Come on, Jules, you're in college. You can't be a boring good girl your whole life. You need to learn to live a little. Have some fun for once in your life. Besides, you can always leave if you don't like the party."

Jen was right, she thought. Julie had decided to have a more active social life and if she didn't like the party she would leave. It was time for her to break out of her shell.

Julie changed into a pair of jeans and sweatshirt and Jen shook her head showing her displeasure. "Jules, if you're going to attract guys, you are going to have to show off some of your assets. Let me pick out something for you."

Jen went through some of her roommates clothing telling her, "We're going to have to go shopping."

She then picked out a pair of black leggings and a quarter zip, long sleeve top, along with a thong and matching bra. Julie expressed some concerns with the leggings because she didn't like the size of her butt. Jen told her that guys like butts like hers and to "trust her." She also made sure Julie had the zipper pulled down all the way to show off some cleavage. 

When they got to the off campus frat house, the party was in full swing. They were greeted by the smell of people smoking weed and a young guy getting sick in the side yard. Julie was getting nervous even before going in. They were each handed a plastic cup of freshly poured beer as soon as they walked in the door. There was music blaring and people milling about in what looked like a large older home that was converted to a frat house. People were dancing in one of the large rooms and guys were eyeing each girl that entered the party.

Julie was scared. She had never been to such a wild party before. She only drank wine on special occasions at family gatherings with her parents' permission seeing she wouldn't be twenty-one for another year and a half. Jen could tell her friend was a little nervous so after they drank their first beer she suggested they dance a little to get Julie to relax.

While out on the dance floor, a good looking member of the fraternity made his way over to dance with the two young ladies and he seemed to take a liking to Julie. Jen noticed this right away and conveniently disappeared before the song ended leaving her roommate with the frat guy, forcing her to talk to him. He introduced himself as Jeff, who was the informal leader of the sophomores in the frat. He and Julie went off to get refills on their beer and talk. Her new found friend invited her onto the dance floor again. Julie was feeling the effects of the alcohol and was enjoying the attention of the handsome frat guy. They danced for several songs, breaking only to get more beer.

When the DJ played a slow song, they watched as couples paired off to slowly sway to the music. Julie silently hoped Jeff want her to dance with him. He took her by the hand and she followed him into the middle of the dance floor, then placed her arms around his broad shoulders as he pulled her in close to him with his hands on her waist. Jeff looked deep in to Julie's eyes and told her how beautiful she was and how he'd never met anyone like her before.

She didn't realize that Jeff used this line at every frat party, sometimes on several different girls in one night. Julie was entranced by her cute friend and was vulnerable to his charms given her lack of self-confidence. He could sense that his dance partner was falling for him and leaned in to kiss her and she instinctively responded, returning the kiss. Their lips remained pressed against each other until Jeff began to lightly kiss and nibble on her neck, a move that sent a wave of excitement through her body.

Sensing her excitement, Jeff's hands found their way down onto Julies round ass, pulling her closer to him as they danced. She brought them back up to her waist in mild protest of his wandering hands but moments later his hands were back on her butt. She didn't object this time as their mid-sections started to grind against each other. Julie could feel his growing excitement and found herself getting sexually aroused also.

The DJ went from one slow song right into another and Julie and Jeff never broke their embrace. His hands began to wander even more now as he brought one hand up to fondle a breast. Feeling the effects of the alcohol she wasn't used to consuming and the attentions of a cute, young frat boy, Julie didn't object to his hands now roaming freely over her body. She was a little concerned what others might think but as she looked around the room, other couples were in various stages of similar gyrations.

As the song ended, Jeff leaned in to whisper in her ear, "Would you like to go to my room?"

Julie's heart beat faster. She was sexually excited but she morally objected to sleeping with someone she had just met and it wasn't even a date. She wasn't that kind of girl. She had only one previous sexual partner and it was someone she loved. Although her and Dan made love hundreds of times over the years, they were in a serious relationship. She was now tempted to do something she felt was wrong.

Jeff was trying to convince his dance partner to join him upstairs, hoping for another conquest that he could tell the guys about later. Julie spotted Jen and excused herself to go talk to her. She needed some advice.

When Julie told Jen her dilemma, Jen told her, "What's the decision girl? You have a hot guy wanting to have sex with you. What are you saving it for? Go for it."

Julie was still hesitant, "Gee, I don't know."

Just then Jen spotted another girl going over to talk to Jeff. "Well Jules, you better make up your mind quickly because you've got competition." She nodded towards Jeff and the other girl.

Armed with Jen's prodding and the fact that she now had competition for Jeff's attention, Julie returned to Jeff over at the beer keg. She pushed herself between Jeff and the other girl and asked him to get her another beer. He handed her another cup. Inside he was proud of her bold move to ice out the competition.

She then gathered up all her courage and told him, "We can go up to your room if you want."

Jeff got a big smile on his face, took Julie's hand and led her through the crowd and up to his room through a maze of couples making out all over the house. She was nervous. What if he didn't like her naked body? She thought her 34b breasts were too small and she thought her butt was too big. It was too late to turn back now.

Once they got upstairs, Jeff led her to a small room down the hall with two beds. He apologized for the messy room, blaming it on his roommate but Julie didn't mind. She was too nervous to be bothered by it anyway. She only had one previous lover and she was about to double that number tonight.

After he closed the door, Jeff took Julie into his arms, looking directly into her eyes, placing one hand gently behind her neck, drawing her close for a soft kiss that became more passionate as the precious moments passed. Julie hadn't had sex in over a year and her hormones were flowing now that she had a cute guy paying attention to her. Jeff was a typically horny teenage boy driven by his out of control testosterone and the peer pressure of being in a frat where his fellow members routinely bragged about their conquests the night before.

Julie could feel Jeff's hard on pressing against her as they made out. He led her over to the bed where they laid down to continue their make out session as their bodies pressed against each other. He wasted no time sliding his hands up her shirt to feel her breasts through her bra, then pulling the shirt over her head, tossing it onto the floor. Jeff quickly began to kiss her exposed cleavage driving Julie to become even hotter. Her hands were fondling his ass and stroking his erect member through his shorts. Both were breathing heavy now, consumed by their young passion.

Jeff quickly stripped off his clothing, then helped Julie with hers, at first, fumbling with the clasp of her bra until she reached behind to help him. Her breasts now exposed. He wasted no time fondling and sucking on her tits while reaching between her legs to rub her pussy through her leggings. He broke their embrace to slide them over her hips and down her legs, leaving her in only her thong. Julie lifted her butt off the bed to allow Jeff to pull it off.

Now naked and feeling vulnerable, Julie hoped Jeff liked what he saw. She was relieved to hear him tell her, "You look gorgeous. I fell for you the moment I laid my eyes upon you."

Julie was relieved that he liked her naked body and was falling for Jeff too. They began kissing again as they mutually played with each other's genitals. He was about the same size as her only previous lover, Dan, but was thicker. Jeff stopped kissing and fingering her, then went down between her legs to begin eating her pussy. It had been so long since she had sex and was so horny that night, that it didn't take long for her to cum which made her pussy even hotter than before.

Jeff now brought his dick up to Julie's face in expectation of her returning the favor and she didn't disappoint him. Even though she had only one previous lover, she and Dan had a lot of experience with each other and she showed that experience as she sucked Jeff's dick with him raving about her cocksucking ability which gave her more confidence.

She bobbed up and down on the shaft before her but was still not able to take it all down her throat. Jeff would hold her head at times and pump himself into her mouth, forcing her to take his dick deeper, making her gag at times. He would then back off a bit and then push deeper into her throat again until she gagged. Julie enjoyed cocksucking because she knew how much guys liked it and she wanted to please her new lover.

When Jeff withdrew from her mouth, Julie knew what he wanted next and laid down on his bed, opening her legs in a silent offering of herself to him. He stared at her naked body for a few moments which made Julie nervous. Her lack of confidence was showing up again at the worst time.

She thought, "What if he doesn't like what he sees? What if I'm not good enough for him?"

Her fears were quickly put to rest when he told her, "Damn you're gorgeous. I was undressing you with my eyes all night. Your body is even more beautiful than I imagined."

Julie's heart was now filled with desire. She wanted to give Jeff the best sex he's ever had. He thought she was beautiful, something she hadn't heard in a while. Jeff climbed between her legs and teased her with his erection, rubbing up and down her wet opening.

"What do you want me to do Julie?"

"You know what I want and you want it too?"

"I want to hear you say it," he told her as he continued to tease her.

"I want you to put your dick in me and fuck me Jeff. I want it bad."

He then slide himself into her as she softly moaned after not having been penetrated in over a year. She enjoyed a healthy sex life with Dan and missed having sex on a regular basis. But her drought was now over as Jeff was now humping on her. She wrapped her legs around his back and pushed her hips upwards in order to meet his thrusts. At one point, he put her legs on his shoulders so he could drive into her harder, deeper and faster. Her pussy was on fire.

Jeff then had her get on all fours and played with her ample ass while taking her from behind. Her breasts flopped back and forth as he slammed into her, their skin slapping together. Julie was begging him to fuck her good and hard and while she had another orgasm. Shortly thereafter, Jeff filled her pussy with his sperm. Both of them were breathing hard trying to catch their breaths.

Julie told Jeff, "Oh that felt so good. I haven't had sex in a long time."

"Yeah babe, you were great. I could tell you were really into it and it made it better for me too."

Julie was happy she was able to please her lover. Jeff went to grab a couple of more drinks. She didn't know that while he was gone, he was also bragging about getting laid to some of his buddies. When he came back they started making out again which led to another wild love making session. He tried to talk Julie into having anal sex but she wasn't ready to try that. She had heard that it hurt a lot. After they both orgasmed during their second round of sex, they fell asleep together in Jeff's bed.

When she woke up the next morning, Julie had a little bit of a hangover. Her head was pounding but she had fond memories of getting laid twice the night before. She also noticed Jeff's roommate sleeping in the bed across the room. She was really embarrassed and wondered when he came to bed. She tried to quietly get up, while still naked, to find her clothing that was scattered about the room.

Jeff's roommate woke up while she was still naked and said, "Looks like you and Jeff had a good time last night."

Julie was horrified. She turned around to see Jeff's roommate staring at her naked body. She began to blush and tried to cover herself while at the same time picking up her clothes.

"I'm Dave by the way."

"Hi I'm Julie."

Dave watched as Julie got dressed and she quickly exited the room. She had to walk past several fraternity members on her way out of the house as each of them checked her out to see how lucky one of their members got last night. Her clothes were wrinkled, her hair and makeup were a mess and she was hungover. It was her first experience with the walk of shame. When she got back to her room, she accidentally woke Jen up who wasn't bothered at all but wanted to know every juicy detail of the night before.

Jen asked her, "Do you want to see him again or was this just a one night thing?

Julie replied, "We exchanged numbers so I hope to hear from him again. He is so cute and he seemed to like me."

The roommates got cleaned up and went out to get breakfast and told tales of what happened at the party. Jen thought she was going to hook up with a guy but it didn't work out and was a little envious of Julie having such a good time after having to be convinced to go to the party in the first place. She was also happy that Julie found someone that was interested in her. She was tired of hearing her roommate feel sorry for herself after living with her during their freshman year.

Julie then got a text from Jeff. "Hey, what happened to you? I woke up and you were gone."

She responded, "I was a little hungover and wanted to get back to my room."

Jeff replied, "I had fun last night. Do you want to hang out again tonight?"

"I had fun too. I'd love to hang out again."

"I'll come get you at your dorm around 6 and maybe we can go out for Chinese then hang out at the house. There's always something going on here."

"Sounds good Jeff. I'll see you then."

Julie was thrilled Jeff wanted to see her again. Deep inside she was worried Jeff just used her for one night and she'd never hear from him again. She was even more excited about seeing him again that night.

She used the rest of the day to catch up on her sleep and recover from her hangover. That evening she needed Jen's help picking out something to wear. She must have gone through at least ten outfits before Jen stepped in and made the decision for her. She picked out a deep V-neck t-shirt that showed off a little cleavage and was transparent enough that her lace bra could be seen through the cotton material. A short jean skirt completed the outfit. It was simple but showed off her assets. She spent a couple of hours getting her hair and makeup just right too.
