 During the month long winter break, Julie decided she wanted to forget about school, relax and try not to think about how sexually active she had become. Before last semester, she had only had sex with her high school sweetheart, Dan. However, last semester she really let loose and had sex with eight different guys, including seven in one night in the party room. Upon reflection, Julie felt a little guilty about what she had done. She had always considered girls who slept around to be sluts or whores and now, here she was letting almost half the guys in the frat house have sex with her.

At home with her parents, Julie tried to be the good, respectable daughter who was an honor student in high school and one of the most popular girls too. Her parents would be shocked and disappointed if they knew what she had done with the frat guys back at college. Her parents even told her how proud they were of her that she had brought her grades up and how she was a role model for her little sister. Those comments made her feel even more guilty.

As ashamed as Julie was about her sexual activity on campus while in the presence of her family during the break, when she was alone at night, she couldn't help but let her mind drift back to some of her wild weekends at the frat house. As she reflected on going up to Jeff's room that first night and fucking him twice or the time she had both Jeff and his roommate or the time she took Paul's virginity, her hand would instinctively find its way between her legs and push a finger or two into her damp pussy while her other fingers played with her clit. As guilty as she felt about what she had done, those memories still sparked her fantasies as she masturbated at least once a day.

The memory that stimulated her the most was that of the last weekend in the party room. She dressed with the intent of turning the guys on and of going into the party room to have sex with several of them. She loved doing a strip tease in front of them and giving them lap dances. She felt so naughty. Julie loved having all three of her holes filled at once and having guys waiting their turn for their chance with her. She even like the thought of the two random guys coming in at the end to fuck her. She was so horny, she needed more cock anyway. 

She masturbated time and again while thinking of all she had done. She would feel guilty after she orgasmed but deep down, she couldn't wait to get back to campus to see what the next semester would bring. Her guilt didn't stop her from masturbating over and over again during the break.

Julie thought about hooking up with some guys while at home but she didn't want to get a reputation around town, after all, people there still thought of her as the good little girl from high school. She did socialize with her female friends but she never revealed her deepest, darkest secret to anyone; her secret of being a slut at the frat house.

She kept in contact with Jeff through text messaging and would send him an occasional picture of herself in various stages of undress. They would tell each other how horny they were and how they couldn't wait to be together again. Julie knew that her relationship with Jeff was mostly sexual. She knew they weren't in love with each other but they were having fun and he helped her open up her sheltered life.

If she wasn't going to have sex while at home on break, Julie wanted to have a better time masturbating and she debated about going into a local adult sex shop to buy a vibrator. She was afraid to buy one online out of fear that her parents would ask what she bought when the package arrived. She wasn't sure she could go inside the sex shop either. She drove around the block a few times before she developed the courage to go inside. The sign outside said couples and females were welcome but she was still afraid someone would see her going in or see her car parked outside.

When she walked inside, Julie was greeted by a male clerk behind a counter. It was kind of dim inside and she got an uneasy feeling. As she scanned the room, she saw various displays of magazines, books and DVD's divided into sections for straight, gay, bdsm, etc. There was some lingerie and then a wall full of sex toys and a door with a sign above it that said "viewing booths." There were a few older guys in the shop that immediately took notice of a young woman and kept glancing over at her, wondering where she was headed.

Julie curiously walked around the store checking out the various sections and noticed the guys following her at a safe distance. It was a little creepy but not so bad that she felt she should leave. She looked at some of the DVD's and magazines then headed over towards the lingerie. The clothing was a little cheesy, nothing like the items you could get at a store in the mall so she made her way over towards the toys.

There were so many choices, she felt a little overwhelmed but decided upon a penis shaped vibrator and a small bullet one. She noticed that a couple of guys, in particular, were watching every move she made. They weren't used to a cute, young girl in the adult shop. She didn't realize that she wasn't that far from the entrance to the hallway that led to the viewing booths.

Julie was caught by surprise when a middle-aged man approached her from behind and told her, "If you decide to go into the back, let me know and I'll make sure the guys don't get too aggressive."

She had no idea what the guy meant and she curiously asked, "What are you talking about?"

"You know, if you go into the glory hole in back, I'll make sure the guys treat you with respect when you leave."

Julie still had no idea what he was talking about and simply responded, "Okay, thanks."

She figured she better get out of there and went to pay for her new toys. She blushed a little at the counter when the male clerk took the items and her credit card.

"These aren't for me. They're for a friend of mine who is getting married. It's her bachelorette party."

He didn't say anything and Julie wasn't sure if he believed her. She took her new purchases and quickly made her way out to her car hoping no one she knew would see her.

When she got home, Julie wasted little time trying out her new toys and quickly stripped naked in her room. She figured out the rhythm of using the vibrator in her pussy and the bullet on her clit and brought herself to a couple of orgasms while reliving some of her sexcapades in the frat house last semester. She fondly recalled every dick she sucked, how the cum tasted differently from each guy that came in her mouth and how their cocks felt while fucking her pussy and ass. She especially enjoyed the memories of taking Paul's virginity; giving him his first blow job and letting him get his first feel of hot pussy. A few weeks later, he got to take her anally. Jeff was right in that Paul would probably never forget her and she would probably never forget her gracious virgin lover.

After her latest masturbatory session, Julie did an Internet search for a "glory hole" and was shocked at what it meant. She even watched a couple of videos of women sucking off cock after cock in a small booth. The idea intrigued her but she was too scared to try it at the adult store. She wondered what it would be like to suck all those anonymous dicks.

After almost a month at home and not having a hard cock in her pussy, Julie couldn't wait to get back to school. She told Jeff she was going to get there on the Saturday before classes started but he said he had a family function and wouldn't be there until Sunday. They had been text messaging during the break and he knew how horny she was feeling.

Julie was a little surprised by a text message she received from Jeff. "If you want, you can stop by the house. I'm sure someone there can help you out with your situation."

She asked, "Won't you be jealous?"

He responded, "Not really. I mean, you've been with several of them already."

It made sense in her mind, after all, he had been there and even arranged some of her adventures. Part of her wanted him to be jealous though.

She told him, "Alright. I'll probably wait for you though."

On that Saturday, she couldn't wait to get back to school and left right after breakfast. She brought her stuff up to her room and got a message from her roommate, Jen, who said she wouldn't be there until Sunday. Julie had lunch, took a nap, watched a movie but was bored and decided to walk over to the frat house to see what was going on. She intended to wait until Sunday to have sex with Jeff again but she figured she'd see what was going on, after all, she knew everyone in the frat anyway. She'd just hang out, maybe shoot some pool and have a beer or two.

When she got to the house she was greeted warmly by the guys who were there including Jeff's roommate Dave and nerdy Paul. However, Paul didn't look so nerdy anymore. Over the break, he got a new hair style and contact lenses instead of his thick glasses. Julie almost didn't recognize him. The guys naturally saw her in a sexual manner, after all, the last time she saw them she was fucking seven guys in the party room. Every guy in the house knew what she had done before that night too. There were no secrets among the members, at least, not when it came to their sexual conquests.

Dave told Julie that Jeff wouldn't be there until the next day and she informed him she was bored and just wanted to hang out. She didn't know that Jeff had already communicated his approval if any of the members wanted to fuck Julie when he wasn't around. She was becoming one of the sluts that hung around the members and became fair game for their individual conquests.

Julie was wearing tight jeans and a tight sweater and wasn't trying to tease the guys but that didn't stop them from undressing her with their eyes from the moment she took her coat off. She was drinking a beer with Dave, Paul and a few other guys when Dave asked her if she wanted to shoot some pool to pass the time. Paul said he'd play the winners and joined them in the other room.

Although it was an innocent game of pool, Julie could feel Dave and Paul's eyes on her when she would bend over to make a shot and made sure to stay in that position longer than necessary, pretending to study the angles. She ignored them when they would brush up against her backside while they were recommending which ball to target. After not having had sex in about a month, Julie's pussy was getting a little damp.

When Julie announced that she was going to shoot the blue ball into the corner pocket, Dave made a crass comment about his blue balls. Julie was used to such comments after hanging around the frat house so often. But Dave's comment also let her know how horny he was too. She thought about Jeff telling her it was okay if she had sex with someone before he got there; she was trying desperately not to though. She wanted to remain in control and not have guys think that every time she came into the frat house that she was going to fuck someone.

At one point, while contemplating a shot, Dave came up behind her to "help" her but felt him grind himself against her and grab her ass. She moved away from his grasp but didn't object either. Dave ended up sinking the eight ball and losing the game, making way for Paul to play next.

It took Paul a few moments to begin his advances on Julie but he was also rubbing against her when he got a chance and lightly grabbed her ass too. She thought he made a lot of progress since she took his virginity. It was obvious that both guys were competing for her attention which she found flattering and exciting. 

When Julie lost to Paul, Dave suggested a "three-way" game of pool so someone didn't have to sit out. The winner would be whoever sank the most balls. There was an unmistakable sexual tension building along with lumps in the guy's pants but she agreed to continue. Things went to another level when Paul suggested that when a player misses a shot, they would have to take off an article of clothing. Paul and Dave's eyes were fixed upon Julie awaiting her response. This was a moment of truth for her. She knew where this was leading but she had to decide if she really want to have sex with them tonight. Her mind was trying to resist but her pussy was hot for cock, a female version of blue balls.

After taking another swig of beer and opening another, Julie agreed. She needed it just as badly as the guys did. In the spirit of letting ladies go first, Julie took the break shot. She wasn't strong enough to send the balls scattering and when none went in, the guys insisted she remove an article of clothing. She said it wasn't fair, that it was the break shot, but the guys insisted, so she took off her shoes.

It didn't take long for everyone to miss a shot and the guys eyes were fixed upon Julie when she had to remove her sweater. They enjoyed watching her move around in just her bra, especially when she had to lean over to take a shot. Shortly thereafter, she had to strip off her jeans, forcing her to continue playing in just her bra and pink satin bikini panties. The guys weren't far behind, now playing in their t-shirts and underwear. Their hard cocks poking through their boxer/jocks.

Julie had to remove her bra after she missed the next shot. Dave and Paul were looking at her like hungry animals looking at potential prey. Julie didn't mind at all. She had fucked them both a couple of times before, so what was one more time? She wanted it just as badly as they did too.

When she lost her panties on the next shot, Julie put her cue stick on the table and said, "I guess I lose. Maybe I'll just get dressed and leave now."

She knew she wasn't leaving but wanted to tease the guys. It was then that Dave suggested, "Paul and I have to play to see who wins. I think you should fuck the winner first and the other second. You lost, you should have to pay something for losing."

His logic didn't make sense to Julie, she had already lost all her clothes, but she played along, "I guess that's only fair."

Dave was better at shooting pool than Paul, but Paul had a series of easy shots and won by one ball. Dave was clearly frustrated at losing but that only meant he had to wait to fuck Julie, not a bad consolation prize. The group gathered up their clothes and headed up to Paul's room. Other frat members were giving the guys "high fives" as they passed them, naked, in the hallway or in the stairway, knowing that both frat brothers were about to get laid.

Paul was proud that he won the opportunity to fuck Julie first and she was beginning to like him too. He fucked her first during the gang bang and he was going first now. He didn't have many opportunities in his life where other guys were envious of him so he was enjoying every moment. 

He took Julie in his arms and gently kissed her as his hands roamed over her naked body while his hard cock pressed against her thigh. He inserted his finger into her pussy and found it wet. He finger fucked her while playing with her clit with his thumb which made Julie moan in pleasure. She was hot and needed to get fucked too. Paul brought her to an orgasm as he simultaneously sucked on her tits and played with her clit. He then led her over to the bed to please her orally. Julie missed having her pussy licked and quickly came again.

She gladly returned the favor when Paul presented his dick up to her mouth. She lay back on the bed while he held her head and fucked her mouth while Dave anxiously awaited his turn. Paul withdrew from her mouth after a few minutes and climbed between her legs and drove himself deep into Julie's pussy.

He told her, "I've dreamed about fucking you again Julie. You're so beautiful and sexy."

She replied, "Then fuck me good Paul. Fuck me good and hard."

She pulled his lips to hers and they kissed deeply as he pounded her hot, juicy pussy. They both needed it bad. Julie raised her hips up to meet Paul's thrusts. He fondled and sucked her tits as they fucked. He then turned her over and Julie raised her ass high in the air while on all fours, offering her pussy to her horny lover. Paul wasted no time filling her pussy again while playing with her ass cheeks. They were fucking like wild animals in the jungle. Paul then lunged into her and began shooting a huge load of cum deep in her pussy.

Paul withdrew his cum covered cock, offering it to Julie to lick clean. She gladly licked every drop of cum from his dick, tasting both of their juices. Dave immediately got behind Julie and began to fuck her. He was even hornier than before after watching them fuck and suck each other while he waited his turn. It didn't take him long to cum and he followed Paul's lead and had Julie lick him clean too. Dave rubbed his dick over her face, leaving traces of cum on her cheeks before stuffing his cock into her mouth.

They rested and drank more beer. All three were ready for round two. That's when the guys stood in front of Julie while she alternately sucked their dicks back to life, sucking one, while stroking the other as they played with her tits.

When they were ready for the next phase, Dave asked Paul, "Do you have any lube?"

Paul's saliva wet, hard dick bobbed in the air as he dug through his drawer before smiling and announcing, "Here it is."

Julie knew what they had in mind and she was equally pleased. She bent over on the bed as the guys took turns playing with her ass, fingering it with generous amounts of lube to prepare her for what was next.

Paul laid down on the bed as Julie climbed on top of him, slowly riding his dick. Then Dave got behind her, aiming his cock at her ass and slowly penetrating her. She now had both their cocks in her and they began a wild fucking session. Julie was getting addicted to sex and loved having a dick in her pussy and ass. The guys would switch positions every so often so each had a chance to sodomize her ample ass.

They were all hot and enjoying the great sex when Dave said, "Too bad you don't have a cock for your mouth too Julie."

She responded, "I was thinking the same thing. I haven't gotten laid in a month and I'm so horny right now."

Her statement made the guys fuck her even harder. After about 10 minutes of their three-way, the door unexpectedly opened. It was Paul's roommate, Sam, who arrived back at school earlier than expected. He was a chubby guy who didn't date much. He had a shocked look on his face when he opened the door and saw Julie being sandwiched between his roommate and Dave. 

"Ohh, I'm sorry. I didn't know you were, um, busy. I'll come back later."

As he went to close the door, Julie told him, "No, don't leave. Come here so I can suck your dick."

She was breathing heavy as the guys pounded her holes. Paul and Dave told him to listen to her, that she was horny and wanted another cock. Sam quickly closed the door, undressed, and fed Julie his half hard dick. He couldn't believe his luck. He had seen Julie around the house and knew she had sex with a lot of the guys and secretly hoped he would get his chance with her. He hadn't had sex with many girls, certainly none as beautiful as Julie. He just happened to be in the right place at the right time.

His dick quickly got hard with Julie's expert cocksucking ability. Sam played with her tits as he held her head and fucked her mouth. He got a perfect view of the look of pure pleasure on Dave's face as he released his cum into Julie's ass. Paul told Sam to lay down so Julie could get on top while he took Dave's place in her butt.

Sam felt Julie's well fucked pussy slide down onto his hard on. She didn't realize she was fulfilling another young man's dream as she started to ride his dick. Paul then took his turn with Julie's ass, running his hands over her thick thighs and round ass as he sodomized her. Julie came again while Sam and Paul fucked her and that drove them over the edge too. She took two more loads into her before she licked Sam clean too.
