 It was dark in the room and I was too busy trying to blink the sleep from my eyes to focus on the girl, but that didn't matter. Whoever she was had her head in my lap. I could feel her tongue caressing my balls as she used one hand to work my cock. What a way to wake up! My cock grew hard immediately.

I tried to figure out who the dark haired girl was once I was able to focus, but all I could see was the back of her head. It looked vaguely familiar. I stared a moment longer before giving up. The truth be told, I stopped caring when the girl threw a shapely leg over my head. Maybe I couldn't see seen her face, but what I did see was certainly enticing!

She had a nice tight ass and I could just see a touch of pink through the dark patch of hair between her legs. I grabbed her hips and pulled her down just enough to brush the pink with my tongue.

"Oh yes!" the girl cried. I smiled briefly and ran my tongue deeper, causing her to gasp. I traveled the length of her pussy from top to bottom and then back again until my tongue touched her clit. I circled it a couple of times before traveling the length of her pussy once more.

"This one has a wicked tongue!" she moaned. I frowned, trying to figure who she was talking to. I had my answer a moment later.

"Lucky you!" I heard a rich soprano voice say from my left.

"I'm jealous!" another girl said from my right. There were other voices. Many of them sounded familiar, but I was still too fogged from all the alcohol I drank before going to bed to place them. I forced myself to look around briefly. It was dark in the room, yet I could make out shapes.

"Oh wow!" I said.

"Welcome to the fraternity!" someone giggled. I forgot I was in the cold dorm of one of the fraternities I was rushing. There were six or seven sets of bunk beds in the room. No all of them were filled, but every bed that was occupied had a couple in it. All of the guys looked as stunned as I felt.

"I haven't joined any fraternity yet," I heard a confused male voice say.

"No, but you will!" a female promised, followed by a loud male groan that I assumed was coming from the same guy.

The girl lying on top of me pushed her hips down, reminding me to continue using my tongue. She had an athlete's tight ass. I decided to forget about everyone else for a while and focus on her. That was easier said then done because many of the couples weren't being particularly quiet. 

The brunette's pussy lips glistened with excitement as she occasionally arched her back and tried to force my tongue deeper. I did my best to accommodate her. It wasn't long before I was covered in that same excitement. It was delicious! I focused on just her lips and they thickened very nicely. I changed my concentration to her clit not long after. This brought her to the brink. She gasped out every so often, adding her cries to the others. 

I continued my attack on her clit until she came. She thrashed about on top of me as her orgasm hit. I held her hips steady and licked until she was done. She became limp afterward as she fought to regain her breath. The brunette had stopped licking my cock once she started cumming. I was a little disappointed because I was close to cumming myself, but I knew I'd get my chance soon enough.

I looked around the room once again. This time I was able to see a little better. Someone had opened a shade and let some of the light from the full moon in. I figured that there were between five and seven couples in the room from the little I saw and heard. I finally recognized some of those nearest me. I was surprised to see my friend Joel in the next bunk over with Tabby. I thought he'd left earlier to go to another party.

Tabby was a hot blond with a Cheshire cat smile and nice breasts. She was straddling Joel's waist. He was messaging her tits. I watched them as she bit her bottom lip and groaned.

Tabby was a little sister at the fraternity. I glanced over at another bed and saw a guy I didn't know being sucked off by Suki. She was a tall, thin girl whose mother was Japanese. She was also a little sister. Suki was the reason why I decided to rush this fraternity in the first place. 

She passed through my dorm handing out fliers the first week of school. There was something about her mixed heritage that made her very attractive to me. She always seemed friendly, but never in a sexual way. At least not until tonight!

It didn't take a rocket scientist to realize that all of the girls in the room were part if the fraternity's little sisters. I frowned and tried to guess which one was on top of me.

"Oh shit!" I cried, suddenly guessing. I slipped out from under the girl and moved until I was lying next to her. Pam was every male student's fantasy! 

She was the president of the fraternity's little sisters. She was also the captain of the cheerleaders and an officer in her sorority. You know which sorority I'm talking about. Every college has it. It's the one with the hottest girls on campus. 

I couldn't believe my luck! I was grinning from ear to ear until I finally remembered that she was also the girlfriend of the star quarterback, Kyle. I felt a slight chill. There was no chance her boyfriend wouldn't hear about this! Kyle also happened to be the president of the fraternity we were in!

"Don't worry," she smiled, obviously guessing what I was thinking from my expression. "Kyle volunteered me for this little surprise."

"He what?" I asked in amazement.

"Kyle is normally the jealous type, but he agreed to let me be part of this special rush function since I'm the president of the little sisters this year," she replied.

"You wanted to do this?" I asked.

"Since the first moment I laid eyes on you," Pam said, and then grinned and added, "The rumors I heard about you from some of the girls you dated this year didn't hurt. I'm dying to find out how many of them are true. I'm already quite happy with the size of your equipment and that tongue of yours!"

"And Kyle doesn't mind?" I asked, still not quite believing.

"Well, he figures that it's all in the family," she joked. "After all, you are going to be a fraternity brother."

"That's not a forgone conclusion," I said.

"We'll see," she smirked.

"How many of Kyle's fraternity brothers have you slept with?" I asked, unable to let it go.

"Counting you?" she asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Sure," I replied with a shrug.

"Well, in that case," she said, pausing for affect. "One."

"Wow!" I said.

"Actually," Pam shrugged. "You're only the third guy I've ever been with."

"You're shitting me!" I said.

"What? Do you think I'm some sort of slut or something?" she asked.

"Well..." I began, but she placed two fingers over my lips and silenced me.

"Look, I don't really care what you believe, but I'll explain it to you if it will stop your questions. Okay?" she asked. I nodded.

"About ten or fifteen years ago the little sisters started doing this little rush function," she explained. "No one knows how it started, but it quickly became a tradition. Every year a handful of freshman that the brothers really want to join the fraternity are asked to sleep in the cold dorm on a special night. A few of us little sisters visit and try to convince them to join. It usually has very good results."

"I imagine so," I said, unable to remain quiet. Pam grinned.

"I still can't believe that Kyle is letting you do this," I added with a shake of my head.

"Okay," Pam sighed. "The truth is that he's not happy about it, but found out last week that he cheated on me this past summer. This was the deal we made so that I'd forgive him."

"So, you're here to convince me to join a fraternity where the president is going to hate me for screwing his girlfriend?" I asked with a frown.

"Look, do you want to have fun or not?" Pam asked in annoyance. I looked at her and blinked hard. What the hell was I doing?

"Are you crazy?" I asked, pulling her to me.

"Finally!" she laughed, kissing me.

"You said it!" some smart ass said from one of the other beds. Everyone laughed. I joined them after a moment's hesitation.

"Well, if I'm going to chance Kyle's wrath, I might as well make it worth while!" I laughed as I rolled on top of Pam. She wrapped me in her cheerleader legs as I rubbed the head of my cock up and down her pussy lips. Pam wasn't very patient. She reached out, grabbed my ass and pulled me into her! I could feel her nails digging in. 

"Oh yes!" she cried. "You're so big!" Ladies, if you're curious, Pam's words are always good words to use when a guy first pushes into you, even if they aren't true.

"You're amazing!" I replied. Pam was very tight. I thought that perhaps she was telling me the truth about her only being with three men.

I slowly worked my cock in and out of Kyle's girlfriend until she finally took my entire length. She had her arms wrapped around my neck by that time. Pam was kissing me passionately, barely letting me separate long enough to catch my breath. I started riding her. It wasn't long before I picked up the pace. Pam finally broke our kiss and gasped. She then leaned her mouth close to my ear so that only I could hear her whisper.

"Do you have any idea how many guys would love to be in your shoes right now?" she asked. Sure, it might have been vain of her to say so, but that didn't make it any less true.

"All of them!" I moaned, thrusting hard. Pam gasped again. She was tight and I had to be hurting her a little, but she seemed to be enjoying it.

"You're so much bigger that Kyle or Mark!" she nearly whimpered. I guessed Mark was the third guy she slept with, probably before Kyle. "I can't take much more of this!"

"Sure you can," I smiled.

"No, I can't!" Pam cried, and then she froze for a moment before nearly screaming, "I'm cumming!" I watched as her beautiful face contorted in orgasm. Her pussy squeezed my cock hard and I joined her. I filled her with my cum, but I never stopped watching her face. I would remember her expression for a long time.

"Me too!" another girl cried.

"I'm close!" Tabby gasped out. I turned and saw Joel stop massaging the blonde's breasts long enough to pinch her nipples. Tabby gasped and came. I'd have to remember how sensitive her nipples were if I ever got the chance to enjoy Tabby's company.

"So was it worth Kyle's wrath?" Pam asked with a smile as she fought to catch her breath once again, bringing my attention back to her. She pulled my cock from her pussy and slowly stroked it. I moved to the side and started caressing her breasts.

"I'll let you know when we're done," I replied with a smile of my own.

"We're not done?" Pam asked with a raised eyebrow.

"You're kidding right?" I asked. Pam laughed.

"You've already cum in me. What else is there?" she asked. It sounded like she was only half kidding. Pam was confident enough to let herself go during sex, but she obviously didn't have a lot of experience doing different things. I rolled onto my back and pulled her on top of me. Pam leaned up and looked down into my face, asking, "What do you have planned?"

"You'll see," I teased, reaching around her and massaging her ass. It was smooth and round. My cock stirred despite the short time since I came. "All I can say is that by the end of the night you'll have plenty to teach Kyle. He might even thank me in the end!"

"I don't think so!" Pam laughed, but that quickly turned into a cry as the head of my cock slipped into her pussy once more. She was still tight as hell.

"Dangle your breasts in my face," I ordered. Pam looked down at me tentatively. I met her gaze until she smiled and leaned forward. Her nipples barely touch my lips.

"Like this?" she teased. I leaned up and captured one of her nipples in my mouth, causing her to cry out once again. "Oh yeah!"

I used my hands to start moving her up and down my shaft. Pam quickly got the rhythm down. She pulled her nipple from my mouth long enough to kiss me wetly. She then leaned forward and whispered in my ear once more.

"We have the whole night," she said softly. "Show me what else you want me to teach Kyle."

"Are you willing to be my slut?" I asked with equal softness. She bit her lip before answering.

"For the night," she finally agreed, sounding a little surprised by her own answer.

"I like my ears nibbled," I said.

"Nice to know," Pam whispered as her lips touched my ear. Her breath was warm and sent shivers down my spine. A moment later her tongue caressed one ear and it was my turn to moan. I squeezed her ass hard and then shoved the entire length of my cock up into her. Pam hissed, but didn't stop kissing my ear. I let my fingers slip along her ass. I let one drift to her asshole. She clenched her cheeks and whispered excitedly in my ear, "You wouldn't dare!"

I used one hand to pull her into another hot and wet kiss. Her ass cheeks relaxed and I let the fingers from my other hand travel down to the edge of her pussy. It wasn't what she expected, but that didn't stop her from enjoying it.

"That's already got something in it!" she moaned lowly, making sure only I could hear her. I smiled and moved my hand back to her ass once my fingers were covered in her juices. I rubbed the entrance and she groaned loudly.

"You really are a little slut!" I said softly.

"For..." she began. I was pretty sure she started to say 'for tonight', but she hesitated as she looked into my eyes and then added, "...you." I pushed one of my fingers into her ass and she thrust her tongue into my ear. We both moaned together.

Pam slammed down hard on my cock and ground her clit against me. I could feel her squeezing my cock with her muscles. I pushed my finger and cock into her as deep as they would go and Pam came again. She stopped licking and blowing in my ear. That was probably a good thing because I was real close to cumming again myself and I wanted to hold off.

I continued to kiss Pam until she started responding again. My cock was still hard and in her pussy. It wasn't long before I moved both my hands to her hips. I lifted her slightly and Pam frowned down at me, not sure what I was doing. Her frown turned into surprised when I starting fucking up into her. My hips soon blurred as I watched the surprise on Pam's face turn to ecstasy.

"Not again!" Pam cried as she came. I shoved up into her and added my orgasm to her own.

"How many times is that?" Tabby asked from the next bed.

"Three," Pam eventually answered. "He's made me cum three times!"

"Lucky bitch!" Suki snapped. "This one is all but spent."

"Hey!" the guy she was with cried.

"Well," the Asian girl shrugged. "I haven't cum yet while she's done with her third orgasm!"

"Just give me a couple of minutes to recharge!" the guy whined.

"Promises, promises!" Suki said with a roll of her eyes.

"This guys already passed out," I heard another little sister complain. "He drank too much. He could even get it up!" The girl was a curvy redhead. Her name was Maddy. She had pale skin and freckles. She also had very large breasts. The guy passed out was going to kick himself tomorrow.

"Too bad," I said to her with a smile. Maddy looked at me and grinned.

"Hey Pam," she said, still smiling. "How about we share?"

"Sorry," Pam shrugged as she rolled off of me and onto her stomach. "That not part of the tradition." She then looked back at me and raised her ass. I took the invitation and got behind Pam. My cock wasn't quite recovered yet, so I leaned forward and started licking her pussy and ass. Pam gasped and then added, "Besides, I don't like to share!"

I continued to use my tongue on Pam until I was fully erect once more. I then moved up on the bed and lined my cock up with her pussy. I pushed in with one thrust and Pam damn near screamed. I was quickly learning that Pam didn't mind the pain that came from a girl as small as her taking a cock as big as mine. 

I looked over and saw Joel pretty much in the same position with Tabby. Even the guy with Suki was finally able to go again. I noticed that Maddy was now standing only a bed away. She was naked and I smiled appreciatively. Maddy grinned and winked at me. We continued to watch each other. It wasn't long before her hand drifted to her red haired pussy.

"I'm close again!" Pam cried as she squeezed my cock with her muscles. I glanced down to see her looking at me. The brunette was panting. I grabbed hold of her hips and slammed into her. Pam threw her head back and cried out.

"Wow!" Maddy said from where she was watching. She had two finger buried between her legs and was doing some panting of her own. Between Pam's tight pussy and the show Maddy was giving me, I was ready to explode. I picked up the pace even more. My balls started slapping against Pam's clit. This sent the brunette over the edge again. This time she did scream!

"There she goes again!" Suki cried, but then her cries joined Pam's as she came as well. I was so close, but quickly pulled out. I looked at Maddy and smiled. I wanted the redhead and it was plain to see on my face. I was about to get out of the bed when Pam reached behind herself and took my cock in her hand. I paused and was surprised when she lined it up with her ass. I raised an eyebrow. Most girls I knew didn't like anal sex. Apparently Pam did. Maddy would have to wait!

"Do it!" Pam cried. I leaned forward and shoved the head of my cock into her ass.

"Think Kyle will like doing this?" I whispered as I continued pushing slowly in.

"I already know that he doesn't like it," Pam groaned back softly, and then cried out before adding, "But I certainly do!"

"Do what?" Suki asked, referring to Pam's cry. "What's he doing?" I pushed a little more of my cock in and Pam reached back and pulled her ass cheeks apart to give me better access. Maddy moved closer to see what was happening.

"Holy shit!" the redhead swore. "He's fucking her ass!"

"Ill! That's gross!" Suki cried, really looking disgusted.

"I don't think so," Tabby disagreed, smiling over her shoulder at Joel. It was a tentative smile that quickly turned to a grin when she saw his reaction. A moment later the grin turned into a moan as Joel pushed his cock into Tabby's ass.

It took me a long time to work my cock into Pam's ass. It was even tighter than her pussy! It had to be painful, but Pam seemed to be enjoying it. Maddy was now next to the bed. She was playing with her huge tits as she watched.

"Pam," she said suddenly. "I think it's time we rethink this tradition."

"What?" Pam blinked, not really following Maddy's words. She was too enmeshed in the pain and pleasure I was giving her.

Maddy smiled and moved toward me. The bed wasn't big, but at least I was on the lower bunk. Maddy moved close and buried my face in her tits as I continued to fuck Pam's ass. I lifted my head and used one hand to pull Maddy's lips to mine. I wanted desperately to taste them! The redhead was one hell of a kisser!

"More later," Maddy promised as she broke our kiss. She then directed my head back to her breasts. This time I focused on her nipples. They were large and long.

"Hey!" Pam cried, finally glancing over her shoulder and realizing what was happening behind her. "I said I didn't like to share!" Maddy took two fingers and shoved them in the dark haired girl's mouth.

"Shut up and suck these!" Maddy snapped. Pam made to argue, but Maddy cut her off. "Either that or I tell Kyle exactly the kind of slut you turned into tonight!"

"You wouldn't!" Pam cried as she pulled the redhead's fingers out of her mouth, but then she looked at Maddy's smile and added, "Okay, you would." Maddy nodded and the captain of the cheerleaders and the president of the little sisters then proceeded to slowly suck Maddy's two fingers into her mouth. It wasn't long before she was working them just like a cock! If possible, my own dick hardened some more!
