 Disclaimer: This is an adult story that should not be read by minors under the age of 18. It involves adult over the age of 18 in scenes of bj, pussy eating, m/f, m/f/f, video,, public sex, and anal.

Check out my bio for more information on myself and my stories.

After the recent success of my last few stories staring Scott, I thought I should make a series of him. His stories will appear in numerous categories so keep your eyes peeled for him. This current one was written for a friend of mine, Manda, whom I met on a adult personals site.

* * * * *

Adventurer's of a Perverted Canadian:

Freaky Pair

Well this trip had turned out to be a bust. Hopping to meet up with my on again, off again girlfriend, the famous hard ass, tough as nails, born romantic, rock singer, had to suddenly go home when a friend became sick. My other acquaintances, that lived in Los Angeles, where now in New York going to college. I wasn't expecting to see them here, as I had just seen them last week before coming here. So now what was I to do?

After leaving the girlfriend's house, I decided to do some sight seeing. See what new celebrities I could meet. As I walked down the glittery streets, passing restaurants, hotels, stores, and clubs, I spotted someone I wanted to get to know better. She was wearing a loose sundress, along with a pair of black pumps. She was just as beautiful in real life as on television. She was wearing a red wig and a large pair of sunglasses, but I still recognized that ass – Alyssa Milano, the petite star of the television series Charmed.

She had entered into one of the local clubs, but I was surprised to see that she hesitated at the door, checking to make sure that no one had seen her, before she entered. I waited a few minutes, checking out the outside of another club, before walking in. I was stopped almost instantly, a huge black man in leather keeping me from going further. At first I figured he had seen me following Alyssa, but he nodded over to a sexy big titted blonde woman behind a counter. Shrugging off the bouncer, I paid the cover charge and continued inside.

I looked around the club, and understood why Alyssa had been worried about being seen. The club's main attraction was a huge center stage, topped by three brass poles, many lights, and two erotic women grinding against themselves. The stage was surrounded by many patrons, some of which where men as old as ninety. The few women who were also present clung to the guys that had brought them here, but they watched the naked dancers with rapt attention. Other women, who weren't patrons, walked around the bar, wearing only lingerie, or other skimpy outfits, much like what Alyssa was wearing.

Thinking of the gorgeous celebrity, I looked around for her, still hoping to introduce myself. I was disappointed again as I watched her sneak into a back room with one of the strippers, a hot brunette with huge breasts, and big ass, and tiny waist. The two women kissed passionately before disappearing behind the red curtain.

So much for that. I was going to leave when the d.j announced the next dancer, "Give a hand for Kari!" The music rocked as the dancer strutted onto the stage. She was rather tall, about 5'8, with dark brown hair but a slim figure, nice round breasts, and a tight firm ass. Wearing only a pink mini dress and pink high heels, she paraded herself around the floor, moving quickly across the beer covered floor, shaking her ass and bouncing her breasts in the hungry faces of her fans.

Liking what I saw, I took a seat near the center of the stage and ordered a drink from a passing waitress. She gave me a smile, and tried to flirt with me to get more of my money, but my eyes were glued to the dancer Kari, and she moved onto her next customer.

Kari say me sit down for her show, and smiled seductively at me, turning around and shaking her tight little ass in front of my face, bending over just enough to let the dress ride up and show me her thong.

I was never one for whooping and hollering at strippers, like what you see on t.v., but I was certainly tempted this time. Instead I just pulled a dollar bill out and placed it down on the stage for her.

The sexy stripper smiled and bent down to pick it up, her round breasts teasing me from the confines of her tight dress. I could feel my large cock getting harder under my pants.

Kari continued dancing across the stage, teasing her fans with her lithe movements. When the song changed, she slowly slid the dress off over her head, exposing her round breasts for all to see, and her black lace panties that covered up her much desired pussy.

I was watching with more interest now, having drained my first drink and ordered a second without realizing it. My eyes and attention were focused solely on her. Seeing these new sights, I pulled out another bill from my wallet and placed it on the stage. I didn't even realize that it was a five, but Kari did. With a bright wicked smile, she kneeled down before me and pressed my face into her boobs. She rubbed her tits against my mouth for a few seconds, before picking up the fin and moving on.

She moved up to one of the brass polls and grabbed it with both hands, twirling herself around. She would lean up against it, running her boobs over the slick metal while teasing the guys with her eyes. Then she would stand up and rub her ass across the poll, her cunt running over it. When she moved over to the next poll, I could see that her panties where getting soaked. It was a rare thing to see a stripper enjoying herself, but Kari obviously did.

At the next poll, she sat down and spread her legs open, the poll hiding her pussy. She began grinding her cunt against the poll, her back arched and her breasts rolling over her chest. While she had the eyes of everyone around the stage glued on her, she kept her own on me. She pointed her pussy towards me as she pounded the poll, her tongue slithering out to moisten her lips.

Once again the music stopped and now she pulled down her panties. When the third and final song started, she was completely naked. This was what I was waiting for, and with a ten-dollar bill in my mouth; I laid down on the stage, my hands held steady against my sides.

Once again she was on all four on the stage. As she crawled over to me, Kari waggled her bare ass and exposed pussy to all the other guys, some of whom started whistling and cheering the open site. When she got up to me, Kari climbed over my body and squatted on top of my face. My eyes bulged at the site of her open pussy over my face, but it didn't last there long before she slinked down my body. With both hands, she ripped open my shirt, sending buttons flying every where, and pressed her breasts against my bare chest as she slid down. She stopped above my cock, playing with my belt and zipper. My cock was pushing furiously against my pants, and she could see this.

With adept fingers, she undid my belt and opened my pants. My cock instantly popped out of my underwear. "Oh, wow," she whispered as she ran her fingers over my cock. She wouldn't grasp it, or touch it hard, she just gave it delicate attention. She did bring her face closer in, and brushed it with her breath, her lips a hair's width away from my cock.

It took all of my will not to thrust my cock up into her mouth, or pull her cunt down onto my mouth. She drove me even further crazy when she moved further down and took my cock between her round tits. The warmth and softness of her skin was too much for me to take and my cock spurted out globs of cum, which splattered against her breasts.

I could hear the bouncers come racing towards the stage, ready to thro me out, but Kari stopped them with a wink and took the money from my mouth with her well developed pussy. Then, sitting down on my chest, her wet pussy sliding across my muscular body, leaving trails of cum, she slid her waist down until my cock was pressing up against her ass. She grabbed my head and crushed it between her breasts again, the globs of cum I shot on her smeared my face. With a white splotch on my nose, she gave me a kiss before pushing me back, and moved onto the next guy wanting a closer look.

Meanwhile, I put my cock away and walked into the bathroom to clean up. I was followed by the bouncer, who warned me not to do that again, and I just sneered at him.

"You're lucky Kari favors you, punk," he said to me as he walked back out.

So she liked me, eh? That was encouraging.

When I went back out, Kari had finished on stage and was walking around, as if looking for someone. When she spotted me, her youthful face lit up and she came running over. She had put her dress and panties back on, but I could still remember that wet pussy of hers.

"Hey stud, want to come in the back for a private dance? It will just be the two of us there, with no one to interfere."

What the hell, I thought. The night was still young, and so was I.

I allowed her to lead me by my hand to the vip area, where I saw Alyssa fucking her own stripper from earlier.

Seeing me staring at them, Kari whispered to me, "We get a lot of celebrities here. Because of that, almost anything goes."

"Anything?"

"Well, you still can't fuck me, but you can touch me. I like to be touched." As she said this, she pushed me down into a plush chair and squatted over me.

I paid for three songs, and Kari used a remote to select her music. As soon as the first song started, she began grinding herself into my hard cock. She didn't hold anything back now, pushing down against me. She even took hold of my hands and slapped them onto her ass.

"It's so hot in here, could you take my dress off?"

Moving my hands over her tight ass, I slid my fingers underneath the silky material and slowly lifted her dress up over her head. Her round breasts bounced pleasantly as they were once again exposed. I took one in my mouth and started sucking on it as she ground her panty-covered pussy into my cock.

"Now this won't do," Kari said, pouting. With her quick fingers, she had once again undone my pants and pulled out my ragging hard cock again. "Now that's better. Just like I remembered him."

Taking my cock in one of her hands, Kari began stroking it up and down. I looked up from her breast long enough to see her looking at me with excited eyes and a wide grin. I smiled back and took her nipple between my teeth. I didn't bite hard, but I did pull it further out. She gave a slight gasp, and squeezed my balls in retribution. While all this was going, I had moved my two hands back to her ass and continued fondling her tight cheeks, my hands moving over the soft skin and poking under the flimsy material that rode her crack. Beneath that I found a hole so tight, I could only fit one finger inside, but this was enough to make her gasp in surprise.

That was when the second song started. I had to pull my finger out of her ass and let her breast slide out of my mouth as she got up and turned around. When the second song started, she wiggled her ass in my face until I gave it a satisfying slap.

Giggling like a school girl, Kari kneeled down between my legs and took hold of my cock again. "Do you want me to suck this?"

"Oh yes, I want you to swallow the whole thing." I replied as I stuck a twenty in her tip bag.

Pretending that she hadn't even noticed the gracious tip, Kari kissed the head of my cock before opening her mouth and sliding it within. She was definitely a pros at this, my cock slid in with expert ease. When the head struck the back of her throat, she only relaxed her muscles and it continued down her throat.

I leaned back in the chair and watched her head bob up and down between my thighs. It was a beautiful sight, watching that cute little face excitedly sucking on my balls. On her knees, her panty covered ass moved with the music. I watched her swing that thing while my right hand combed through her hair.

As the tempo increased, so did her sucking. I could feel her throat tightening around the length of my cock. She would swallow the length of it and then pull it back out. Kissing and licking the head of my cock, she would push it against the inside of her cheek and nuzzle it. A few times she pressed down with her teeth, making me hiss, but never hurting me seriously.

The song suddenly came to an end and she climbed back onto her feet. "Last one, let's make it wild." She slid her panties down and sat down on my hip, her back leaning into my naked chest. As the last song started, she leaned further back, so that she was also resting against the chair. She sat just over my cock, my shaft enfolded into her pink lips, but not penetrating them.

"What rules can't be broken, can be bent."

She ground her ass into my hips, my hard cock sliding up and down her outer cunt. My hands moved over her chest, squeezing her breasts, playing with her nipples.

"Yes, that feels so good," Kari whispered. "Oh, your cock is so hard, and I'm so wet."

She turned her head towards me and kissed my lips. Her tongue went down my throat, and we stayed liked that during the rest of the song. She only broke it to gasp when my hand slid down from her breast, over her flat belly and over her pussy. I had to move my cock aside as I rubbed her hard clit, before pushing my fingers inside her.

"Yes, yes, that's it. Finger me, I am so wet." I shoved my tongue back in her mouth in between her cries of pleasure, my left hand continuing to grope her while my right continued fingering her.

"Oh god, I want to feel that giant cock inside me. I want you to fuck my tight cunt."

She grabbed my cock and stuck it under her pussy, the head brushing against her wet lips. I thought I might cum right then and there.

"Fuck the club's rules, fuck me now!" She screamed. And that's when the songs stopped.

"Oops, times up."

With that, Kari stood up and left the room, leaving me with my pants down and a soar pair of balls.

"What the fuck!" I shouted, but when a bouncer came in to throw me out, I pulled up my pants and left the bar.

Now I really needed a good fuck, and I wasn't going to get it from there. I had to find someplace else. Some place close by, because my cock was still hard and pushing painfully against my pants. To try and fix it, I put my hands in my pockets to rearrange my cock, and came out with a matchbook. It was from a nearby nightclub, "The Frisky Kitty". How did this get into my pocket?

I didn't think about it for long. I guess anyone could have slipped it in as a promotional attempt. Well, it worked for me. It took only ten minutes of walking before I found the club. Like everything else around here, it had a large neon sign advertising its name. There was a small line up outside, just bouncers checking people's ids, so it didn't take me long to get in. I was a bit pissed when the bouncer gave me the third degree, going as far as asking me questions about my birth date and where I was from, just because my id was still set to Canada, but he eventually let me in when I showed him that my money was green.

Inside was amazing. The place had two stories, with a huge dance floor, and bars every ten feet. It was of course really dark inside, but the owner had set up an awesome laser-light show. A giant disco ball twirled over the wood paneled floor that was full of hot, sexy looking girls in tight revealing clothing. I could already feel some of them watching me, eyeing me with hungry gazes.

One in particular really caught my attention. She was tall, at least 5'9", light brown hair, slim build with delectable curves, and a very nice rack. She was wearing a sexy black dress that was held up only by a pair of spaghetti straps, and barely covered her fine ass.

I smiled at her, and noticed what she was drinking. Going first to the bar, I ordered two drinks and walked onto the floor to introduce myself.

As I stepped onto the floor, she winked at me, and I moved in closer. I switched her empty glass with a full one and with my hand now free, I wrapped my arm around her waist. The music changed to some samba, and I pressed my waist into hers. She smiled seductively to me and took a sip from her drink. I moved my free hand further down to cup her ass, and she smiled more. I kept my hand there as I pressed forward with my hips, and soon enough we were so close together you couldn't fit a napkin between us.

The next song was slower, so I stayed behind her and rubbed my cock into her ass. During one point of the song, she bent down forward and it was like I was doggy styling her on the floor. After that, she turned back around and slid down my body, her head kept teasingly close to my cock, which was pushing hard against my pants. As the song was finishing, I picked her up and she wrapped her legs around my hips. I could feel her wet panties against my cock as I fucked her through our clothes.

When the song finished, so where our drinks, so I lead her back up to the bar. While it was incredibly loud in the club, it wasn't so bad off the floor, so at least up there we could talk.

"You've got some hot moves," she said to me when we got to the bar.

"Thanks, so do you. Your ass is so sexy." Once again I ran my hand over it, slowly caressing the tight feel.

"Thanks," she replied. I continued rubbing and touching her ass as the bartender came and brought us new drinks.

"My name is Scott," I said to her, leaning in close to her ear so she could hear me.

"My name is Manda," she moved her own free hand over my body and down to my crotch. "You're cute. I think I'll keep you for a while."

"Do you want to go back to dancing?"

"I have a better idea." Taking me by the hand, she led me into the club's lounge area and pushed me down onto one of the leather sofas. She followed me down, sitting on my lap with her legs wrapped around me, and her arms around my neck.

"You are really cute." She then started kissing me and grinding herself into my lap.

I returned her kisses, our tongues wrestling in our mouths. I let my hands wander down over her ass and moved them under her dress.

She began purring in my ear as I ran my fingers over her pussy.

"Oh, you are getting me so wet," she whispers.

"And you're making me so hard, my cock is going to go Alien on my pants."

"Then let's fix that problem." A devilish twinkle came in her eye as she slowly slid down my body to kneel down before me. She grabbed both of my knees and forced my legs apart then began undoing my pants. When my pants were down around my ankles, she gave a little gasp of shock when she saw that I wasn't wearing any underwear, and that twinkle once again returned to her eye, but this from seeing my 10" cock sticking up into her face.

"Oh wow!" Licking her lips in anticipation, she took hold of my hard cock with her right hand and ran it up and down the length. "So smooth, and I see you shave."

"Yeah, I find I get les gagging from my dates that way."

"Smart thinking," without letting go of my cock, and came back up and leaned into my ear, "We think the same way."

She returned her attention to my cock before I could reply. She stroked it a few more times before placing the tip in her mouth. She kissed my piss hole and ran her tongue over the head before finally taking the whole length in.

"Oh yes, baby." I said as I ran my hand through her hair.

She looked up at me from her kneeling position and would smile as she stroked my cock and fed more of it down her throat. I could feel it rubbing up against the back of her throat; her muscles and tongue working it like pros.

"Oh wow, yes that's awesome."

I leaned back and let her work until something appeared over me, blocking out the lights.

"I was hopping you'd be here."

I opened my eyes and saw Kari, the stripped who left me with blue balls.
