 The agonising wait for their next encounter was far too long for both Fred & Ginger, there lust and longing for time together now making their minds blur on a daily basis. 

Gingers new found submission to Fred had ignited a side of her she had only ever dreamed of and thought would only ever be a fantasy. But since allowing Fred's mild dominance over her, her body and mind was now alight with feeling she longed for on a daily basis. 

She longed to be touched, wondered where, when and what their next encounter would entail. Night after night, re living the memories, having deep and dark thoughts of her needs, finding her hands roaming over her body far to often now, her mind open, imagining Fred doing things she had read of others. 

She had dreamed of being in the positions of the people in the stories but was now finding that she was writing them herself, wanting to be and longing to be in the next. She loved his controlling manner, his words that made her do the things she was, although she had no idea herself why she did and allowed it. 

Nearly two weeks had passed since their last liaison. She wanted him, wanted to meet, submit, obey and wanted to be pushed beyond her wildest fantasies. Fred's mind and actions had made her see him in a new light. Often she thought of him as shy like herself, but finding he was far from it. His attention to detail on every adventure excited her. 

So when the text arrived, she flicked at the screen, excited, reading quickly.

"The forecast tomorrow is for sunshine on the coast. Phone in work and tell them you're ill. Be at mine before 6am. If you're any later you'll have to accept your punishments during the day for failing me!"

Her skin prickled, goose bumps formed down her arms. She couldn't escape at 6am; the earliest without raising suspicion at home would be 7. She quickly text back quickly asking if that would be ok? Questioning what he had planned for the day, if she would need any particular clothing? Were they going for another picnic? Did she need walking shoes? She bombarded him with questions but only received a simple answer. 

"You will need very little except for yourself tomorrow, see you at six!"

She replied to inform him as he already knew, it would be impossible. Hoping not to disappoint, but she couldn't, the only disappointment would come if she had shocked the man and replied that it was fine, spoiling his plans for the punishments and the beginning of his planned day. 

She was excited and distant, often caught in a daydream, distracted, thoughts of blindfolds, hands roaming her body, picnic benches and strangers flooded her mind. Taking wrong turns as she drove and checking her phone again for more detail. She had convinced herself that finally tomorrow she may visit her picnic bench. 

She had visions of her naked self spread out on it, bound, blindfolded, teased and tormented. Her pussy moistened, she needed to get home and shower, cool herself down and try to focus on normality until the morning. 

Finally she arrived home, switching on the shower, sitting on the toilet and listening to the water flowing. She stepped in finding herself dripping the white shower creme on her breasts, looking down was seeing it look like semen all over her, what was happening to her mind? She lathered her hands allowing them to roam across her bare flesh, pleasuring herself, but not like Fred did.

Her eyes closed as she pulled her nipples, twisting them gently, her visions flipped again to being lay back on the picnic bench, blindfolded, she created several men that turned to more, all standing around her. She could do that now, adjust the fantasy to suit.

She of course was not unaware of them as Fred had arranged this, the blindfold preventing her from seeing them approach after she was bound as he stood looking as they touched her, his pleasure coming from seeing her live out her fantasy. 

Her hand moved furiously between her legs, they took turns to touch her, unknown there were five or was it six now as well as her lover? 

Only one would touch her at a time leaving her to believe it could just be Fred again. This just another of her created fantasies, now grabbing up at the shower head spraying it against her clitoris, slumped against the cold tiles, legs ajar, one hand held her lips apart as the water jets hit her delicate exposed bud.

Her mind visualised the men spraying over her as the water made her tingle, they left her looking like the shower crème had, she had to bite down hard against her lip to stifle her from screaming out in pleasure as she tapped the shower head against herself now imagining it was a hand spanking her exposed place, her body shaking and her legs almost giving way. 

She reached up placed the shower head back into the holder, turned the thermostat cooler, her body so hot, face again flushed as her eyes opened. The cooler water now relaxed her body as she stepped forward out of it, pushing the water from her hair and finally turning off the shower. 

She reached for her big fluffy towel and began to dry herself off. Stepping from the shower, standing in front of the mirror, looking at the towel wrapped around her and loosening it off, letting it drop to her ankles as she imagined what Fred would say if she felt the need to cover up. 

Naked, exposed, she felt and wanted it, although she knew no one could see, it now felt right. She looked at herself in the mirror, shaking her head looking into her own eyes in disbelief, a mild element of shame for her needs and desires, but soon turning to a grin, raising her eyes to herself and having to walk away as not to question her own actions. 

She reached down for the towel again and wrapped it around her body to walk out across the landing heading to the bedroom, the curtains wide and looked out wondering if anyone ever looked in?

Everything now questioned, her mind so open, she was always conscious to close the curtains before doing anything in fear of being seen. 

But the new side of Ginger, the exhibitionist side and the devil ignited had slowly begun to take over many of her actions. She walked out of sight of the window passing it, again she found her nipples erect as her hands took the towel, loosening its wrap as she allowed it to fall to the floor again.

She gave a little sigh, took a deep breath knowing that although he wasn't there, his words not telling her anything, Fred was taking over her mind, but was this to please him or herself now? 

Thinking now of the following day and if it was going to be warm, what should she wear? She had to please Fred's eyes, expose enough of herself to entice and tease him or allow him to expose her. 

But he hadn't asked for this, it's what she intended and wanted now. She stepped from behind the curtain, having to pass the window naked. Her nipples already erect and aching from the knowledge that people could possibly see, the neighbours, people she said good morning to. 

Her task was made up in her own mind as Fred would have set, pushing her own limits and walking to the chest of drawers exposed, looking in and thinking if she could risk a bikini top and skirt?

Would Fred be happy with that and a pair of flip flops? Not exactly erotic, but suitable for a hot day out as he had stated in the message she would not be requiring a lot for there liaison.

Confusion filled her mind, she wanted to please him, she needing her bed now,tired and exhausted from her thoughts she needed the night to go and morning to arrive. 

She glanced back at the window, walked towards it, two feet from the glass now, pulling open the wardrobe doors and standing naked just staring inside. 

She felt her own moistness forming again between her legs, wanting, and wondering if eyes had now seen her? The old man or other men over the road, perhaps, or one of their wives catching him looking or even looking themselves.

She allowed her hand to feel how wet she had become and realised that the exposure made her this way. 

She shocked herself doing this, blatantly in view through the glass. Her fingers found the wetness between her legs, she was amazed at the sensitivity of her clit as her fingers stroked either side of it. 

She quickly realised her exposure again, stopped herself getting carried away and stepped back falling onto the bed, just her thoughts and desires were tiring. 

She closed her eyes, breathing heavily and prayed the night would go to allow her escape once more into her lover's arms. 

She woke at two, finding herself in bed, her partner next to her. Did he find her lying naked or had she gotten herself into bed before he came up? 

She sat up, looking disappointed at the clock. Her bladder was making her get up, wonder to the bathroom and relieve herself. As she did, again her eyes had closed, Fred was stood there in the doorway, making her spread her legs and expose herself as he watched, she had never sat this way on the toilet. 

Her eyes shot open, no Fred, just her mind, had he mentioned this or was it her fantasy? She closed her thighs, leaned forward placing her elbows on her knees and sighed. What was happening inside her mind? 

Years of suppressed feelings ignited. Where had sitting exposed on the toilet come from? 

Was it just another form of submission or humiliation? Was there a difference now? Was she just allowing her secret desires out into the open to be seen that way or did she want a man to stand and watch her piss?

She stood, flushed the toilet and wondered back to her bed, lying for a while watching as the minutes passed by, seeing 3am and wondering if she would ever get back to sleep, her eyes finally closed, but her mind was again off on a tangent. Just going to the toilet now was made into a fantasy! 

She was now in the woods, hand in hand with Fred, but as usual, his dominance took over, her need for the toilet told to him. He made her wait until the moment was right. 

Instructed she could now go, making her squat on the side of the path by a bush, just as a man was approaching with his dog.

Fred had walked on leaving her squatting on tip toe, spread open and exposed, skirt around her waist, grass tickling her as she began to flow.

She knew that at any moment the man would be there, walking passed, but would he pass or stop? 

She looked to the ground not wanting to know if his eyes could see her, how humiliating but why was she excited? 

Was he looking down and watching between her legs as the liquid fell to the ground? Did it excite the stranger seeing her piss, was he erect, or even caressing his own cock as he looked? 

Her eyes opened wide again as she realised her hand had strayed between her legs, she was spread wide in the bed next to her lover! 

"Fuck! What was happening to her?" 

She stopped, rolled over and finally drifted off to sleep, waking with the sound of her alarm at 5, eyes wide, a little smile fell across her face. It wasn't long now. 

She would soon be in the car, driving all excited to her lover. As she left the house, her nipples stood out in the bikini top, the bottoms beneath her denim mini already having to soak up her moisture. 

She had placed a cardigan over the top, but wished she could be driving in just the bikini to excite her lover or anyone she passed. She pulled up, eased the handbrake on, stepped out taking her handbag, walking towards the door and finding the need to unbutton a few more to revealing her chest as she knocked. 

Fred opened, looked down to his watch, shook his head and simply said, 

"I think you have come late on purpose, haven't you madam?"

Ginger went to respond, but his finger fell to her lips, his hush making her stop. He stood aside and allowed her in, past him which allowed him to glance down at her bottom which he playfully spanked as she passed, making her giggle and ask, 

"Did you miss me?"

Fred walked over, placed his arms around her waist, his hands lying against her denim covered cheeks and asked, 

"Do you need to ask me that?"

His semi erect cock, evidence to the answer as he was returning the question with his own!

"But have you missed me, missed kissing me, obeying me, being yourself and exploring your inner most feelings and desires?"

She looked mischievous, lifting her skirt and asking Fred to kneel down for a moment as she would like to show him just how much. She eased her bikini bottoms aside, took his hair and stepped forward, pulling his face into her wet pussy and replied, 

"It's been like that every day thinking of being with you!"

She was soaking, his tongue extended to lap and taste her once more, but denied her the pleasure pulling away and asking, 

"Did I say you could pleasure yourself yet?"

She giggled and asked, 

"Are you always going to be in control?" 

He shook his head in disbelief at the comment, walking over to the sofa and took the middle seat. He beckoned her towards him. Her skirt still raised as he pulled her forward and across his lap. 

He asked if she had thoughts of dominating him? His hands rubbed her cheeks as he did. She shook her head, although lying, wishing she could take that role, have that confidence but informed him. 

"The thought never crossed my mind today" 

In a playful but cheeky tone. His hand rose before quickly falling down against the soft flesh of her bottom making her tense and inhale sharply. A slight sting felt as it rose again, falling on the other, asking now if she thought she should be questioning his control and asking if she felt she would have a strong enough will to take control of him?

She shook her head as he continued, three more times on each cheek. She liked it, not so much pain, his hand cupped and it sounding harder than it was, but his control and the dominance showed, rather than inflicting pain, it was more the control and dominance and this was just exciting her once more. 

As he rubbed the tingling flesh, he told her that was for questioning him, and for being late for there liaison. It was wasting valuable time when they could have been having fun. He helped her to her feet, standing as she kissed him and stated, 

"I think I might be naughty more often!"

His smile was telling of his approval. But he joked he may of gone gentle on her this time and asked if she would be as eager if his paddle, cane or indeed, one of her own flip flops were in his hand? 

He walked away to allow her to ponder the thought. He finally returned in his shorts and t shirt. He too choosing flip flops and again the cool bag was over his shoulder and the chink of bottles was heard inside. 

They stepped out and into his car, a three hour journey ahead unknown to Ginger. His hand went out to stop her seat belt engaging, and his voice issued another command. 

"You might as well loose the cardigan now"

She did as the wheels were in motion, now sitting as she wanted to travel to him, but something about him being by her side gave her much more confidence, stretching and pushing her breasts forward to excite him. 

They travelled the short distance to the motorway. Her puzzled look made him smile as they entered the slip road, she again questioned, 

"Where are we heading?"

He replied simply with, 

"The coast, I told you!"

She lifted her feet to the dashboard, sitting enjoying the scenery as they passed the first hour with general conversation. As the traffic became heavier, due to rush hour, she looked out the side window, gazing up at the truck drivers, one eating, another looking straight ahead, but the next was looking down straight at her. 

He winked, his head tipping to the side slightly causing her to giggle and inform Fred that she had pulled. He smiled at her victory, but quickly told her that it was wrong to tease these men with just a flash of her legs, and suggested he might prefer a better view. 

Her brow wrinkled as she looked at Fred who was now concentrating on pacing the cab. 

"Don't look puzzled madam, get your skirt off and show the man your body. He's got a long journey ahead so a little entertainment will help!"

She unbuttoned and unzipped the skirt, easing her bottom off the chair, sliding it down and kicking it into the foot well. Her flip flops already off. She raised her bare feet again to the dashboard. 

Fred shook his head as she gazed over. 

"Do I need to explain to you how to expose yourself and flash to a man still?"

He didn't, she knew! Her hand pulling down her bikini top, just exposing her nipples and teasing them with her finger tips. She looked up at the driver who placed his thumb in the air showing his approval. 

Her confidence growing, her knees slowly but surely now fell apart, she caressed her breasts and allowed one hand to continue down, disappearing between her thighs out of his vision. 

She looked up as his neck stretched to try to see, but saw him relax as he watched her legs spread wider. Her hand slid inside her bikini bottoms now visible to him. 

Fred took the initiative, the side ties to tempting as he reached and pulled the bow. Her pussy now visible as her hand movement pushed the tiny triangle from covering her. 

She reached for the handle of the seat, reclined, much easier now to spread her legs, be exposed to him but no one else passing them. She lay back, both hands now falling between her thighs as both Fred and the driver watched. One hand with its fingers curling inside as the other teasing her clit. 

Both drivers had trouble keeping the vehicles steady, but glanced back and forth to watch the beauty of her own hands pleasuring herself. Her eyes flicked back and forth between the two, she licked her lips at the driver, teased him, knowing he would never be able to touch where she was. 

Her face looked amazing, full of lust; Fred wondered what was she thinking about the driver, was she now thinking of him touching or fucking her?

Fred watched her performance, nearly twenty minutes of self torment before bucking her hips off the seat and moaning out as she came. Her hand still between her legs as they clamped together, her eyes closed, finally removing her hands and reaching to raise the chair and lean towards Fred, trailing her moist fingers across his lips, pushing them inside his mouth and asking, 

"Can you see what you do to me?"

He sucked on her fingers, her taste filled his mouth, another passing motorist gazed in, slowing and staring as she pulled her fingers out and sucked them herself. 

Fred noticed the sign for the services, quickly changing lane and headed on and parking towards the back of the car park. He reached his wallet, took a note from within and handed it to Ginger. 

"Americano please madam, and whatever refreshment you need yourself to replenish your fluids!"

She reached for her skirt to find Fred's hand reaching to hers and telling her he thought not!

She looked around, the car park really busy now. Did he want her to walk across in her bikini? She looked at his face and knew he did! 

A couple of men passed by and stared in. She pulled the handle and stepped from the car, forgetting her bikini bottoms were still undone and quickly grabbed them giggling. Fred's eyes were wide as he asked, 

"Do you want to do it naked then?"

She shook her head as she caught them and quickly tied them back in place. They had ridden into the crease of her bottom, her cheeks were exposed a little more as she closed the door, turning to bob her tongue out at Fred and purposely wiggled her bottom as she walked away. 

Fred could see her confidence growing. She walked slower, one man dropping behind, his head hung moving in time to her wiggle. 

She stood in the queue. Now feeling a little more exposed, the lad serving looking down to see her erect nipples and now staring directly at them. 

