 Fred got up late the next morning. He justified this to himself by reminding himself that he, and his cock, had had to work very hard yesterday!

He even had to consult his calendar to remind himself of the day of the week and the date in the month. It turned out that today was Thursday and it was the end of the second week of October. Of course, next week was half term in England and that was why Jessica was coming. Fleetingly thinking of Mary's daughter made his cock twitch.

Having finally risen at about nine o'clock and had breakfast he decided to do a few chores. First job on the list was to clean the pool. The dusty conditions in this part of Spain meant that the pool needed cleaning at least once a week, more if there was a strong breeze in the wrong direction, causing leaves and small garden debris to get blown into the pool.

Fred got out the pool vacuum and started the most tedious part of the job. After finishing that he tested the ph level and cleaned out the filters. He was still wearing his shorts during all this but as soon as he had finished the job he realised the sun was hot so he dropped his shorts, enjoying the heat of the sun playing across his arse cheeks and over his cock and balls. He began to think of Mary and his penis thickened and lengthened without stiffening up.

Fred then threw some clothes into the washing machine and switched it on. After that he started the dishwasher and boiled the kettle again, ready for his mid morning coffee. While all that was going on he went into his garden to see if any maintenance jobs needed doing. Although he had a pretty private garden there were some places where he could be overlooked but he didn't bother to put his shorts on again.

Twenty minutes later he was lounging on the naya sipping his coffee and brandy and beginning the enjoyable task of day dreaming about his lovely Mary and her female family and friends. As he daydreamed his favourite toy, his cock, lengthened and hardened. He took himself in hand.

Thinking about Mary, his immediate vision was of a beautiful tanned woman, mature but tender as if still a girl. He could see in his minds eye a gorgeous pair of brown full breasts; an equally tanned arse and a tantalising shaved pussy, glistening and wide open. As he visualised Mary's cunt he could see, in the background, her winking arsehole set in her deep bum crack. Heaven! Pure heaven! His cock stiffened some more.

Fred was dozing, his fingers still around his shaft. Mary was dancing around the pool, tanned and naked. She stopped and faced him and called out, "Watch me Fred darling." Her pussy lips trembled and opened, a strong stream of her yellow pee arcing across the space between them. Fred groaned, waking himself up in his chair, squeezing his erection in his ecstasy.

Fred pulled himself together, loosing his grip on his tool and reaching for his coffee. It was still warm so he had not been asleep for very long. He finished it off and quickly swallowed the remains of his brandy. He headed for the pool.

He stood on the edge of the water, looking down into his newly vacuumed pool and admiring the reflected clear blue water. He thought of Mary's tanned naked body and dived in.

He swam several lengths up and down the clean water, thinking that he would soon be giving up the pool for the winter. The water was distinctly cooler this week. Mary had been quite brave yesterday and hadn't complained. Fred wondered if Jessica would be as brave. His thoughts drifted off to think of Jessica. He couldn't really picture her; he hadn't seen much of her over the last eighteen months.

"Hello there Mr. Armstrong. Can you hear me?"

Fred stopped dreaming. A female voice was calling his name. Was it Mary? No, she called him 'Fred darling'. It was someone else.

"Who's that?" he shouted, raising himself as far as he could out of the water. "I can't see you."

A figure appeared at the gate, definitely a female figure.

"Hello Mr Armstrong, I'm sorry to intrude on you. My name's Hilary van Nieldenstrom. Can I speak to you for a moment?"

"OK", shouted Fred, thinking that this sort of distraction should be encouraged. "I'm in the pool and I'm naked so turn your back until I've let you in and got some shorts on."

As Fred climbed the steps out of his pool a mischievous idea entered his mind. With Prince at his side he walked directly from the poolside to the gate, his tool bouncing up and down, although the cool water spoiled the effect somewhat.

His joke backfired too. Instead of turning her back, Ms van Nieldenstrom watched him calmly as he approached her.

"I see you don't have a heated pool, Mr Anderson," she smiled.

Fred liked that and reacted positively. "Yeah," he replied, "I'm going to have to give up swimming for the winter soon. Want a coffee? I'm going to have one with another brandy to warm me up."

Hilary van Nieldenstrom lifted her gazed from Fred's genitals and smiled. "That's the best offer I've had this morning," she answered.

"All the others too downright rude to repeat, I suppose, " said Fred as he opened the gate. He noticed immediately that Prince let himself down by pushing his nose into the lady's aromatic area. "I'm Fred," he said, extending his hand. "I'm sorry about Prince, he's usually much better behaved than that. Do come in."

She returned his handshake with a firm grip. "That's OK, I'm used to dogs. I can only assume that your dishabille has made me a give off a slight aroma. I'm Hilary van Nieldenstrom from Costa Blanca Properties, Real Estate Agents."

Fred kept hold of Hilary's hand and looked her up and down. She was about thirty years old, approximately five feet eight with short blonde hair. She was lightly tanned all over, with blue eyes, a straight nose and full lips with just a hint of lipstick. Her body was her best feature, firm thrusting breasts held in check by a tight lemon cotton top, a narrow waist and strong hips with gorgeous tanned thighs protruding from her short white shorts.

Fred collected his thoughts, as he suddenly felt underdressed.

"Yes, well, come in," he said as he released her hand. "I'd better go and put something on."

"Oh please don't," said the lady. "If this is how you usually dress at home then far be it from me to instigate a change. Please call me Hilary, or even 'Hils' and just relax."

"OK", answered Fred. "As long as you can stand the sight of an old man's cock." Actually, now that the sun was beginning to warm his cock and balls again his tool began to extend itself. Hilary began to watch, fascinated.

She accepted Fred's offer of coffee and brandy. He went inside and soon returned with the drinks, replenishing his at the same time. He had resisted the chance to slip on a pair of shorts. Having handed her the drinks he sat down in his armchair and indicated that she should sit opposite.

"Now, to what do I owe the honour of this visit?" he asked.

"Right," said Hilary. "Please don't take this the wrong way but I am employed to find properties that owners might want to sell, sometimes before they themselves know that they are going to put their home on the market. I heard a story that Mrs Anderson had returned to England to live and the rumour is that you will have to sell this house to settle with her if there is a divorce. So if you are considering selling this house I am here to offer the services of my company to help you to do this."

Hilary van etc. sat back in her armchair after delivering her sales pitch, taking another look at Fred's prick which was now quite a lot bigger. She took a big mouthful of her generous brandy.

Fred drank likewise, allowing himself another long look at the stupendous body before him. He smiled at Hilary.

"Thank you for being so frank," he replied. "Part of your information is correct. My wife has indeed returned to England, possibly permanently, and it is quite likely that there will be a divorce even if she decides to return to Spain. However, it is highly unlikely that the house would have to be sold should there be a divorce action."

"I'm sorry, ah...Fred. I appear to have been misinformed. I am more sorry that I have intruded and spoiled your day."

Fred replenished Hilary's glass. She nervously took another slug of the spirit, glancing again at Fred's cock, which was definitely erecting.

Fred decided to chance his arm. He stood up close to Hilary. His growing cock was now less than two feet from her lips. She swallowed carefully.

"Why don't I show you around," he said, "Then you can give me a verbal estimate as to the value of the house." Fred picked up his shorts and pulled them on, to the obvious relief of his guest.

Hilary agreed and they entered the house. Fred showed her the ultra modern kitchen, then the sitting room before moving on to the bedrooms. Both of the spare bedrooms brought forth exclamations of admiration, together with an examination of the second bathroom. Then they entered the master suite.

"This is my boudoir," said Fred quietly. "There is this emperor sized bed and that door over there leads to the Jacuzzi, shower and all the other trimmings. Take your time and have a good look."

Hilary loved what she found, feeling the bed and peering into the bathroom. Then she stepped back and cannoned into Fred, grabbing his cock as part of keeping her balance. Fred had been hoping for some such incident and smiled his satisfaction.

"Oh my God, I'm sorry Fred," she gasped, not letting go. "I didn't know that you were so close behind me." Then she realised what she was holding on to and let go as if Fred's cock was a red-hot poker. She was now blushing.

"Don't worry, I enjoyed it. An old guy like me doesn't get very many sexy ladies feeling my equipment, such as it is!"

Hilary had regained some of her sang froid. "It felt fine to me. You have nothing to be ashamed of. Please tell me, why did you put your shorts on to show me the house?"

"I though you might feel threatened if I showed the house still naked," replied Fred. "Also, I hoped you might stay closer to me. Hilary, at the risk of frightening you away, may I say that you are a gorgeous woman with a fantastic body. Can I offer you another brandy?"

"Thank you kind sir," said Hilary, almost simpering and moving close to Fred. "How close did you want me to be?"

Fred put his arm around Hilary and propelled her back to the naya. He poured them both more brandy and they toasted one another. Then Fred dropped his shorts, revealing his almost erect cock.

"Ooooo, your cock's grown again," Hilary cooed. "Can I have a feel? Oh my God, that feels so good. You're very stiff. Can I frig you a little?"

"On one condition Hilary," gasped Fred as Hilary enveloped his cock in her hand and began to frig him. "If you make me come I want to cum all over your tits."

Hilary stopped but didn't let go. She thought about what Fred had said then said, "that's fair, I'll strip off and then you can shoot your cum all over my tits and I'll get some on my cunt too. How does that sound?"

Fred didn't need to reply. Hilary let go of his tool and quickly peeled her top over her head and pushed her shorts and panties down her magnificent thighs. She stood proudly in front of Fred as she regained possession of his cock and recommenced frigging him, more firmly now.

Fred gulped as he gazed upon Hilary's beautiful body. Her tits almost seemed enormous on her small frame but they thrust proudly towards him with no sign of any sag. Her flat belly rested above an almost naked cunt with only a little line of blonde wisps above her crack, from which her clitoris showed proudly at the top. Her thighs moved forwards and backwards as she pumped on his cock.

Fred knew he wouldn't last very long. He pushed Hilary back on to a dining chair and aimed his cock at her breasts.

"I won't be long," he gasped. "It's going to shoot out all over your tits any second now. That's it; you're doing me just right. Don't stop, please don't stop. I'm cominnnng now, now, now"

He squirted his cum juice all over Hilary fantastic breasts. She seemed fascinated and almost forgot to anoint her cunt. Fred seemed to have more than yesterday. He took a hold of himself and squeezed more jism out of his cock, more on her tits and dropping some on to her cunt.

Hilary looked down at her body, her breasts dripping with spunk, long strands hanging from her erect nipples. She raised her hands, first spreading his cum all along her pussy crack and then she filled her palms with her breasts and massaged his offering into her orbs. Even when she had finished her hands were very sticky. She palmed Fred's shrinking cock, leaned forward and swallowed him whole. Despite his condition he thrust his prick at her mouth.

Eventually Hilary released him and sat back, looking up and down his body, her hands on her thighs.

"Wow" she said, "that was some load. I'm really glad I came to see you today Fred, even if you're not selling your house. I'll have to find another excuse to come back again."

"You don't need an excuse as far as I'm concerned," said Fred. "Just phone first to make sure I'm home or I don't have another visitor. Now, can I return the complement to you? That looks like a really tasty juicy pussy you have there."

Hilary moved to the armchair and sat much as Mary had done the other day, thighs wide apart with her labia wide open. Juice was already flowing from her crack.

"Oh yes please Fred. Come down here and lick me good. Suck my juice out of my cunt. I want to make you a long drink of my juices."

Fred didn't need asking twice. He was down on his knees in a flash. He gently blew on Hilary's clit and licked firmly up and down her slit. He then sucked her clit into his mouth and thrust two fingers into her cunt. Hilary screamed and made cum juice, not quite squirting but making more than enough to drink. Fred masterfully opened his mouth and sucked it all in.

As Fred licked Hilary clean with his tongue she picked up her glass and finished her brandy. She did pour a little remaining drop into her crack for Fred to finish, caressing his head with her free hand.

"I'm going to have to go, Fred my darling, or I'll lose my job. I'll call you soon and maybe I'll find a hole for you to shoot your spunk into next time. I'll have to think about that though. I bet there other ladies coming around here, aren't there?"

Fred smiled rather sheepishly at that and Hilary laughed and pinched his cheek.

"Don't worry Fred, I'm not the jealous type. I'll even do a double fuck if I'm in the mood so keep the gate unlocked."

Fred luxuriously watched Hilary cover her stupendous body with her minimal outfit and then he and Prince walked her to the gate. She kissed him wetly, pulling on his tool firmly. She laughed again from the other side of his gate as she saw the effect she'd had on his cock. She blew him another kiss and trotted over the road to her little car.

Fred was feeling the effects of all the brandy and the sex. He lazed away the rest of the day, having a long afternoon sleep and watching TV all evening. He kept getting erections as he thought of Mary and Hilary and also thinking ahead to the weekend.

Friday dawned with the sun shining brightly through Fred's bedroom window, instantly awakening him as the light hit his eyelids. He didn't feel as bright as he usually would; yesterdays events and the brandy still affecting his body.

Christ! He mustn't drink today; he had to sharpen up. He didn't even have a hard on. He didn't always have one when he woke, that was true, but he had had one every day since Mary had come around for the first time.

Fred got up and went straight into the shower, turning the heat up high and then turning it down to cold. Then he towelled himself off and went to the kitchen and made himself tea, for a change. After a breakfast that he hadn't felt like of grapefruit juice, cereal and toast he felt much more like his old self.

He strolled outside into the warming sun, enjoying the heat on his naked body. He stretched and then ran his hands down over his chest and flanks, testing the firmness of his buttocks and then cupping his balls with his left hand and taking his penis in his right. To his relief his muscle began to thicken up and lengthen. He let go and thrust his genitals out towards the sun, thinking of Mary and the weekend's prospects.

Fred decided he felt pretty good after all. He went into the house and dressed to go shopping, just a white polo shirt with pants and shorts, slipping on his sandals to complete his outfit.

He picked up his money, ID and car keys and went out to the Jeep. He manoeuvred out into the street and loaded up his garbage for the bins. The bins were situated about three hundred meters from his house and after a brief stop to unload his rubbish he drove into town. He went into the supermarket and carefully chose a few things to provide a little extra for the ladies at the weekend. He bought bread, cheese, chocolates along with ice cream and a frozen gateau.

After loading his booty into the Jeep he decided to buy some films for the camera. It had occurred to him that he desperately wanted to have photos of these lovely ladies who were going, he hoped, to give him so much pleasure.

He was returning to the Jeep when he heard a voice, a tinkling young female voice.

"Hôla, Señor Armstrong, buenas dias."

Fred turned around to see Maria Elena approaching. Although she smiled at him she seemed a little subdued compared to her sunny disposition of a couple of days ago.

"Hôla, Maria Elena," Fred answered, "buenas dias. Que tal?"

"I was thinking that you might be able to help me, Señor," Maria Elena said quietly. "I am so sorry to stop you in the street like some common girl but I am looking for someone I know who will offer to give me a lift home."

"That's no problem," grinned Fred. "You're a lucky young lady. I'm just leaving for home now. My Jeep is just around the corner in the supermarket car park. If you're ready we can go now."

"Oh yes please," answered Maria, still very quietly.

They were soon in the Jeep and Fred leaned over carefully to help Maria with the seat belt.

"Tell me Maria Elena," Fred asked, "why are you in town without any transport. Has someone let you down? Are you all right? You seem to me not to be your usual cheery self today."

Maria's lip trembled and tears began to trickle down her cheeks, dripping off her chin on to her little red top, leaving dark damp patches close to her nipples. Then she began to cry in earnest and Fred reached across again and pulled her into his arms.

"Don't cry Maria Elena. Tell me what is the matter. I will try to help you."

Fred reached into the glove box and handed her a packet of tissues. She took them and began to mop her excess water as she smiled at him wanly.

"I am so sorry Mr. Anderson, it is not right that I should involve you in my troubles. You see, I have just had a big fight with my boyfriend and he left me alone in the street. Thank you for the ride home. I will be all right in a minute."

Fred started the Jeep and they moved off. He thought that as he had gotten her to start talking he would try to get her to open up some more. It was supposed to help; he seemed to remember. As they left town he took a chance.

"Can I ask you what the argument was all about?" he asked. "Maybe I can suggest a solution you could try."

Maria didn't reply for a moment then she started quietly.

"No, Mr. Armstrong, it's all over between Enrique and me. He says that I must have sex with him now that I am eighteen. He says that if we are boyfriend and girlfriend it is the next thing to do. I am not sure about him. We have only been seeing each other for about six weeks and I think it is too soon. He is very lovely to look at but he is not so nice with his manners, you understand?"
