 I was surprised when Don and Tina walked into the hotel lobby that night. I was in Vegas for a little fun and they were the last people I expected to meet there. Don was a college classmate of mine – we had graduated from UCLA two years ago and Tina was the gal he married shortly after he graduated. I was still single. Don had gone to Frisco where he had a good job in advertising and I went back to my home in San Diego doing similar work. 

We gave each other the big hello and headed for the bar to catch up on things. 

"You're going to get new neighbors," said Don, first thing. "I've accepted an offer from your competition." He laughed.

"Then we're going to be working the same end of town," I said. "Will your company cover your club membership? If it does I can recommend you to my club – a great course and good facilities."

"Yeah. I got the perks. We might do that."

I didn't know Tina so drinks and dinner was a good opportunity to find out more about her. She was knockout beautiful with a fabulous body that just jumped out at me even when modestly dressed as she was. She turned me on and the first thing I wondered about was whether she knew Don's sexual history. He was bisexual, but he kept his gay side top secret.

Don and I shared an apartment the last two years of college and he had taken care of my sexual needs when I came home horny after some thoughtless gal said no to me. He dated regularly, but the gals he dated had no idea that he also enjoyed an occasional romp on his knees sucking a big one. I was one of the few people who knew that side of him.

The next afternoon Tina went shopping after a brief stint at the slots while Don and I tried our luck at craps. We had no luck! We went up to their suite for drinks and I had a nasty idea. I was thinking about Tina. After Don had downed a couple I started rubbing my crotch. He got the idea and it turned him on. We went into the bedroom and got undressed. Some might consider our favorite position in college a bit unusual. Don laid on his back with his head bent back over the side of the bed so I could fuck him in the mouth. My dick went past his tonsils and down his throat. I had a thick one but he took it all and never gagged. 

He had a lot of saliva and got me real wet at first but then he just laid there and took the pounding, breathing between thrusts. He reached down and started jacking off. There was so much saliva it sounded like I was fucking a pussy. Saliva was dripping out of his mouth and running down his face. My balls were slapping him right between the eyes as I fucked him in the mouth. I always closed my eyes and fantasized that his mouth was a pussy because it felt just like one. It didn't take me long till I groaned and pumped a big load of hot cum down his throat and he started to ejaculate gobs of white semen up in the air and on to his belly. Damn! It felt good. It had been two years since I pumped a load down his wet throat. 

I was breathing heavily and when I opened my eyes I got the shock of my life. Tina was standing in the open bedroom door watching us. Of course Don couldn't see anything except my balls hanging down between his eyes. Tina had just seen her husband fucked in the mouth by his best friend. What the hell should I do? I put my finger to my lips signaling silence. Then I pointed down and she slipped out of the hotel suite. I said my goodbyes to Don, making an excuse about a necessary phone call and headed for the lobby. Tina was in the lobby waiting for me and I grabbed her by the arm, hustled her on the elevator and took her up to my room,

"Didn't you know that Don was bisexual?" Was the first thing I said to her.

She shook her head. "He never told me. I never knew for sure, but after we got married I guess I suspected it."

She didn't seem as shocked as I thought she might be. I told her that Don and I had shared an apartment for two years.

"He was blowing you all that time?" Tina asked.

"Yeah. But, we both dated gals. Sometimes he saw other guys but I never did."

"Do you think of yourself as bisexual?"

"I never thought of myself that way. I never gave a blowjob and I never had a blowjob from anybody except Don. I always thought about it as just a friendship thing. Lots of times I came back from a date horny because some thoughtless gal wouldn't screw me and I felt like he was doing me a favor. Sometimes he would tell me he was horny and I felt like I was doing him a favor. Most of the time it just seemed to happen when he saw I was getting a hard on walking around the apartment." 

This was a really strange conversation. Tina wasn't angry or even really shocked by seeing her husband blow me. It was as though her suspicion had been confirmed.

"Were you surprised or shocked to see Don blowing me?" I asked.

"Well for starters, Fred, let's get something straight. That was not what I would call a blowjob. Let's face it. You were fucking him in the mouth! Your balls were hitting him between the eyes just like they would hit some gal in the ass when you fucked her."

That was surprisingly frank talk from what I thought was a sweet little girl. But then I heard more. This was really some gal!

"And furthermore, your whole dick was going down his throat. I watched a long time while you had your eyes closed. You've got to be at least eight inches and it all disappeared down his throat – you were way past his tonsils. I can't take a dick even close to my tonsils without gagging and Don took that whole damn thing – and you're not just big, you're thick. It would not surprise me if you turned out to be his all-time favorite dick."

"I guess that's a complement, so I'll say thank you," I said.

"So what do I do? Do I ask him if he likes to suck cocks? Do I tell him I saw him sucking yours? Do I forget the whole thing? What do I do Fred? What the hell do I do?" Tina was obviously concerned about what to say to Don.

"I wouldn't say anything about it, Tina. You're moving to San Diego shortly and starting a new life. If Don's blowing some guy in Frisco that'll be over. Neither of us has any idea of what his sexual needs are – that is his male needs. How often does he screw you?"

Tina started laughing. "Kinda personal, but I understand. We screw about three times a week. He's rarely out at night without me. He may be blowing some guy but if he is it's during the daytime. Of course Frisco if full of fags." 

"He's not a flaming fag and I doubt he likes those kinds," I said.

"Was it your idea to fuck him in the mouth or his?" Tina asked.

"Kinda personal, but I understand. You want the real answer?" I said.

"Of course I want the real answer."

I told her the truth. "The real answer is that it was my idea – I started rubbing my crotch and he could never resist that – he was on his knees right away. But the reason I did it was you,"

"Me?"

"Yeah, you. You're drop-dead sexy gorgeous. You turned me on big time. I thought maybe that if Don was sucking my dick I might get to know you better."

Tina started laughing. She just broke up. "You bastard! You horny bastard! You were going to let him suck your dick and hope he might let you fuck his wife!" 

"Well, yeah. Uh ... That's kinda the idea, I guess."

"I don't want to disappoint you," she said, "and I know some bi-guys like to share their wives, but I've been married to Don for two years now and he has never so much as mentioned it to me even as a joke – never at all."

"Well, you can't blame a guy for trying."

Tina was still laughing and said playfully, "Still it's a complement I guess to have a guy tell you he wants to fuck you. I mean, not a wimp, but a good looking guy who is so well hung he shouldn't have any trouble finding a gal willing to spread her legs for him."

"Very few gals are as lovely as you." I said.

"You bastard! Flattery just might lower my pants."

"Whatever it takes. I'd like to lower your pants." I said.

"The first thing we need to find out, " Tina said, "is what Don might think about the idea."

Her answer surprised me. It wasn't a flat no. "Okay, then when you guys get moved down and settled I'll re-establish my relationship with your husband."

Tina chuckled. "Re-establish your relationship? Fred, that's awfully fancy language. Why not just say you're gonna start fucking him in the mouth again?"

We both laughed. "Okay, I'll start fucking him in the mouth on a regular basis. Then I'll tell him how beautiful you are and how you turn me on and then we'll see what he says. And if you guys get a nice place with a hot tub things might go faster. Three people naked in a tub offers a lot of possibilities."

Tina chuckled. "If that big thing of yours gets hard in a hot tub you may see Don and me fight over it." 

Again! Joking, but not a no. A maybe? "I'll fantasize about that tonight."

She smiled. "Yeah. Me too. Maybe."

****** 

Another month and Don and Tina were settled in a nice place with a hot tub out back on a patio. They invited me over for dinner and we did the hot tub later in the evening. It was the first time I had seen Tina naked and I was not disappointed. Big, firm tits. Milky white bikini protected skin. Flat belly and a curly haired brunet bush that looked good enough to eat. And I was hoping to have a chance to do exactly that. We smoked some grass and had more than a couple of drinks. 

I didn't initiate any sex and neither did Don. The closest thing to sex was a comment by Tina when I took off my robe and got in the tub. 

"Jesus Don, your buddy is heavy hung," Tina said looking at my cock. Don laughed and said nothing. 

The fact is that Don was not at all heavy hung and the contrast was rather obvious as we got in and out of the hot tub. Our conversation was routine and did not deal with sex. They invited me over again several days later and it was my second visit to their place that was the real surprise. 

When I got there Tina met me at the door. "Don's up in Frisco."

She mixed me a drink. She had ordered in Chinese and we had a light supper. We had a routine conversation about their move to town. After that, another drink, and she suggested the hot tub.

"Okay," I said finally, "What's the deal?"

She laughed. "Don said he wants us to get acquainted." 

"And by 'get acquainted' what does he mean exactly?"

Tina smiled and said, "He wants us to fuck."

"I think I missed something, somewhere. What was it?" I said.

"Yeah, you did," she said. "Don and I had a long talk. A very serious talk. He told me he loved me very much. Then he told me he was bisexual and he had had an affair with you when you shared an apartment two years ago. He told me that when he saw you in Vegas last month all his old desires had come out again. He hadn't been with another guy for two years. He told me he had sex with you in Vegas. He said he hoped you would have sex with him again."

"You mean he was completely honest with you? He told you the whole thing."

"Yeah he told me everything. He really loves me. He wants me to accept him as he is. Now, Fred, I hinted when we first talked about this that I had my suspicions about Don from the start but that I loved him. And I really do love him."

"So what's with the get-acquainted fuck?"

"He says it can't just be me and him sometimes and you and him other times. He says it's got to be you and me as well. He says he wants a ménage a trois. The three of us all of the time. He said he still has "a crush" on you. He didn't exactly say he was in love with you, but he came very close. But to make that happen, you and I have to fit together. That's why he wants us to fuck."

"Well, I can't disagree with that. It's kinda what I had in mind when I scratched my crotch and turned him on. I didn't have a fancy French name for it. I was just looking to let him blow me so I could fuck you."

Tina started to laugh. "He doesn't blow you! Remember? You fuck him in the mouth. I asked him about your relationship and when he described it I told him that wasn't a blowjob and he laughed and said 'No Tina – what he does is fuck me in the mouth' and he said it so easy and we laughed about it and then we kissed. And then I asked him if he was sure it was okay for you and me to fuck and he told me again that it was. He wants us to. He wants us to enjoy each other. To have fun."

That began a beautiful evening. I had seen her body last week and it was as beautiful and sexy as before. She had seen mine, but the minute I started to get into the hot tub she stopped me.

"I have been very curious about this thing," she said, dropping to her knees beside the tub and taking my dick in her mouth. She sucked me and I got rock hard almost immediately. Then she held it in two hands and looked at it. 

"Jesus, it's big," she said. "I saw it going in and out of Don's mouth and I figured it couldn't be as big as it looked – but it is. My God! How the hell does he take this thing down his throat? And what the hell does it feel like for you?"

"I don't know how he takes it. When his head is not bent back it stops just past his tonsils and there's a couple of inches left over. But when he bends his head back the rest of my dick just slips on in. When he takes the whole thing it feels just like a pussy, if I close my eyes. His mouth and throat are just dripping saliva and get very slippery just like a pussy. I used to kid him that he should grow a beard so his mouth would feel more like a pussy."

Standing there naked by the hot tub, I pulled Tina close and put my hand on that curly haired bush. "A beard just like this with his mouth right here," I said as I tickled her clit. 

She started to laugh. "Oh my God are we going to have fun, or what! You actually said that to him?"

"I said it to him in college and we laughed about it."

"God you're funny! I haven't even fucked you yet and already I think I'm in love. You're one horny hung bastard!"

I kissed her – long and hard. We can skip the hot tub I thought. I picked her up and carried her into the bedroom and laid her gently on the bed. She spread her legs and pulled me close. Her pussy was dripping wet and ready and I fucked her slowly and lovingly, kissing her all the time. We fucked tenderly, wordlessly. She came with soft moans and very strong contractions and I was only minutes behind her. We lay together without talking, holding each other and resting and kissing. 

Then suddenly she started to chuckle and then to laugh out loud. Then she shouted, "That's not what we did in my fantasy. My fantasy wasn't gentle. It wasn't loving. It wasn't tender. It wasn't romantic. Jesus! You cheated me out of my fantasy fuck, you bastard."

With that she started sucking my cock to get it hard, then climbed on top of me, mounted up cowboy style, and started to fuck me hard. 

"This is what I fantasized about the first night I met you. And I had the same fantasy after I saw your heavy hung equipment in the hot tub." She kept on fucking me and I enjoyed just laying there, looking up at her, and watching those big, beautiful, bouncing tits.

"Damn it's good," Tina said as she fucked me. "Riding this damn monster makes it feel even bigger than it looks."

She leaned down supporting her weight on her arms with her tits bouncing wildly just over my face and fucked me hard. I grabbed her tits and played with them.

"You bastard!" she said. "You got me going now. This was my fantasy. You were bangin' my brains out. Oh shit! I'm gonna come! Oh shit! I just started to fuck and I'm gonna come already."

With that her contractions started grabbing my dick like a strong hand and squeezing me hard. She collapsed on my chest pumping her ass, panting for air, and dripping sweat. When her orgasm was over, I kissed her hard.

"I'm not finished with you yet," I said. "Role over, you horny bitch." Then I rolled her over on her back spread her legs as wide as I could and put the muscle to her big time.

She whispered huskily in my ear, "Oh Yeah baby, yeah! Have your fun with me. Just take it! Don't be gentle. It's yours any way you want it. Take it! Take what you want."

I stayed all night.

Don got home the next day. We got together for dinner at their place and talked quite frankly about the experience that Tina and I had had in bed. We shared a joint and then did the hot tub. There was a lot of caressing and playing around. Don and I played with Tina's tits and stroked her ass. I felt a hand on my balls and then another on my cock and I realized that Don and Tina were both playing with me. I sat on the edge of the tub with my legs spread and Don started sucking my cock and I got hard. Tina got out of the tub and sat beside me. I took her in my arms and kissed her and she put one hand on the back of Don's head and set the rhythm for him to suck my cock, while I was kissing her and playing with her tits.

We got very turned on, so we dried off and headed for their big king-sized bed. After some caressing and kissing Don laid on his back with his head hanging over the side of the bed. Tina and I both knew what he wanted. I stood up and Tina put my dick in his mouth and I slowly started moving it in and out. He groaned softly and reached up and grabbed my hips and pulled me close taking my whole dick down his throat. I began to fuck him in the mouth driving my dick deep past his tonsils. My balls hit him between the eyes with each thrust.

"That's it baby," said Tina, whispering in his ear, "Take that big thing deep. Take it all! He's gonna use your mouth just like a pussy. He's gonna fuck you in the mouth and pump a big load deep down your throat."

Tina started playing with Don's cock and it got stone hard. She mounted him cowboy style and reaching down she put his cock into her. She started to fuck him and I put my arms around her and pulled her close enough to kiss. The three of us made love – me fucking Don in the mouth – Tina fucking him cowboy style – Tina kissing me – and me playing with her tits. It felt good and when all three of us had orgasms it was hard to know whose orgasm came first. Don took my load deep and didn't gag. Then the three of us lay together in bed and rested. Later when I fucked Tina Don played with my balls and whispered in her ear.

After that first threesome I spent a lot of time with Tina and Don, living with them over half of the time. We had threesomes and twosomes and a variety of pleasurable sexual relations. I think each of us gave the other two something that was needed. It was a perfect ménage a trois. And we hadn't even begun to explore the many ways we could have sex. So far, our favorite thing continued to be that position we discovered that first night. And we laughed and joked a lot too. Tina even began to urge Don to grow a beard.

But we discovered other ways to have sex and a special one that became almost as popular as our three-way from the first night. It was Tina's idea. I don't think Don would have suggested it. Certainly it would never have occurred to me. She picked a night when he was high on grass and booze. He was feeling no pain. We were headed in to bed horny from a torrid session in the hot tub and Don laid on his back expecting to get fucked in the mouth. But Tina rolled him over on his stomach and pulled him back so his were knees on the floor. His ass made a perfect target when she spread his legs. She grabbed his testicles and held him there when he tried to get up. 

"That's it baby. Fred is going to enjoy you a different way tonight and you're gonna like it. You're gonna like it a lot."

I was sober enough to know what she had in mind and drunk enough to be interested in doing it. Tina grabbed a big tube of lubricant from the bedside table and spread a generous load of grease on my cock. Then she started talking to Don.

"You need to feel what I feel when he shoves this monster into me Donnie boy. You need to know what a woman feels." Tina was laughing now as she guided my cock toward Don's exposed ass hole.
