 (This is just a fantasy story I hope you like)

*****

Wilma and Fred were your everyday couple the Village of Bedrock. Wilma was a gorgeous very slim redhead while Fred was in average condition. They often talked about including someone else in their sex life, but never did anything about it. Wilma and Fred had a beautiful 18 year old daughter, Pebbles. Pebbles was shy, and had just started dating a family friends son, Bam Bam.

Bam Bam was an intelligent young man who always took care of himself, working as a personal trainer. His only issue was that Bam Bam was a cocky young man. But what Fred and Wilma didn't know was that Bam Bam loved to mess around with couples. He had a masculine body and what they were soon to find out was a cock that was 10 inches in size. A few weeks after Pebbles and Bam Bam started seeing each other, Bam Bam was invited over to meet Fred and Wilma. 

From the start, they all got along very well and Bam Bam was a regular visitor to Fred and Wilma's house. Wilma often caught Bam Bam staring at her tits. She felt a little uneasy that such a young handsome boy was looking at her like that, and spoke to Fred about it. But Fred had no problem at all with it. 

They once again talked about including another person into their sex life and over the next week or so Wilma started to come around to the idea of letting Bam Bam fuck her while Fred watched. As long as they kept it from Pebbles.

Over the next week Fred and Bam Bam got together to plan things out. Bam Bam was to meet Wilma and Fred at a local motel that coming Friday night. This was the first time that they decided to do something so bold. They knew there was no going back at this point.

They waited patiently for Bam Bam to arrive. He arrived on time and was well dressed. Wilma was very impressed with his looks. Bam Bam wasted no time in placing his large hands all over Wilma's body, and she was melting out of his hands only minutes after arriving. Fred in the meantime had positioned himself off to the side of the bed so he could watch. He sat on a chair and basically didn't say anything as he let Wilma and Bam Bam do whatever they liked.

Bam Bam began to seduce Wilma right before Fred's eyes. He had moved Wilma right in front of Fred and slowly worked each piece of clothing off her very sexy body. Once down to her bra and panties Bam Bam had his hands glued to Wilma's ass. He grabbed and gently squeezed it as Fred sat a foot from the two of them.

Bam Bam was a very poised 19 year old who played it up as he removed Wilma's bra first and then slowly slid her panties down to the floor. He teased Fred as he reached back and spanked her ass several times with his hand as Fred watched on from only a foot away.

It was a few minutes later and Wilma began to remove Bam Bam's clothes. She had removed everything, but his tight underwear briefs as his very large cock could be seen through them. A minute later Wilma knelt down in front of Bam Bam as she slowly pulled his briefs down over the enormous bulge. Bam Bam's giant cock popped out and hit Wilma in the face as she moaned in astonishment.

Bam Bam teased her with his beautiful cock as he stroked it and smacked her on the face with it several times. He then placed his massive cock at Wilma's mouth and began to push. Wilma had no intention of resisting and took the head into her mouth and she began to suck on it. She slowly tried to take as much of his cock into her mouth as she could as her hand slowly made its way up and down his long shaft.

A few moments later Bam Bam made Wilma turn around so his chiselled ass was now positioned right in front of Fred. As Fred sat there, Bam Bam's ass had gotten only inches from his face as his wife continued to suck hard on Bam Bam's cock.

After several minutes of sucking on Bam Bam's cock, Wilma was now led to the bed. Bam Bam then laid Wilma down, positioning her head at the end of the bed so Fred could view everything. Fred could see his wife's facial expressions as Bam Bam placed the head of his 10 inch cock up against Wilma's cunt. 

Within seconds, Wilma cried out loudly as Bam Bam pushed his cock into her wet hole. Her face told the whole story of how big Bam Bam's cock really was. She continued to moan out as Bam Bam worked several inches of his cock into her cunt.

As Fred watched on, his beautiful wife was now being pounded by Bam Bam's 19 year old cock. It only took a few minutes and Bam Bam had Wilma on the verge of her first orgasm. 

"Oh fuck yes!" cried out Wilma as she started to cum all over Bam Bam's big cock as her excited husband watched on, rubbing his one hard cock through his pants, only a few feet from her. Bam Bam then quickly turned Wilma over onto all fours as Wilma's face was pointed right at Fred. Her face grimaced again as Bam Bam stuck his big hard cock back into her from behind. 

He grabbed Wilma's hips and started fucking her very hard as her beautiful tits swayed back n forth with every thrust of his enormous cock into dripping shaved cunt. Wilma continued to moan out as Bam Bam's big cock had easily pushed her close to another powerful orgasm. A short time later Wilma screamed out in ecstasy as she felt an enormous orgasm riddle her beautiful body. Fred watched on in awe as Bam Bam made it look so easy. 

Wilma's worn out body laid flat on the bed. Her ass was the only thing left in the air as Bam Bam pumped his big cock into her cunt a few more times. He then quickly pulled his big cock out of her and began to cum all over her ass. Fred watch as several shots of cum flew over the top of his wife's rear and landed high on her back. One shot of cum went as far to land on the back of her head. Wilma's butt was now covered in cum. She crawled off the bed and made her way into the bathroom to clean off. 

Bam Bam stood right in front of Fred as his cock was still in a semi erect state. Fred could believe what just had happened as he couldn't but help to take several glances right at Bam Bam's big cock which was only a few feet from him. 

Bam Bam said to Fred, "What do you think of my big cock? Your wife sure did love it!"

Fred was speechless as saw his wife slowly walking back out of the bathroom. Bam Bam then asked her, "Are you ready for round two?"

I was totally surprised when Wilma quietly smiled, knelt down in front of Bam Bam, and began to suck his cock again. She sucked and stroked Bam Bam's huge cock about 5 minutes until his cock had become rock hard again.

This time, Bam Bam threw Wilma on her back on the bed and got on top of her. He was not gentle with her at all. Fred watched as Wilma grabbed his cock, placing it at her cunt lips, then Bam Bam lunged forward. 

Wilma cried out "fuck me" as Bam Bam started to pound her to another powerful orgasm. 

Bam Bam then got off and lay on his back. He told Wilma to climb on top of his cock. She did it immediately, riding his big cock as her face was positioned towards Bam Bam's feet. Fred had a good view of the action as he watched Bam Bam's big cock going in and out of his wife's cunt.

Wilma cried out even more loudly now as Bam Bam was pushing up to meet her downward motion, fucking her very hard. A few minutes later Bam Bam reached down and pulled his cock out of her cunt. Fred only a few feet away watched as Bam Bam began to cum all over his wife's stomach as his cum shot high into the air. 

With Fred's wife now worn out on the bed Bam Bam got up, covered in sweat asked where the shower was. Fred gave Bam Bam the directions and watched his naked ass as he left the room.

Fred heard the shower running for a while and began to wonder about Bam Bam's if that would be the end of the evening, or if Bam Bam could possibly be able to get that great big cock hard again that night. 

Wilma was lying face down on the bed looking at Fred and she appeared to be smiling. Even though she was covered in sweat and her cunt lips were red from the continued pounding.

Fred did not have to wait long to find out Bam Bam was super hyped up as he came into the room. His cock was semi hard and he was still fully sexually charged. 

Bam Bam grabbed Wilma's hand and had her kneel down in front of him as Fred sat off to the side. Wilma was only a few feet from where Fred was sitting as she placed her hand around the personal trainers man meat then slowly began stroking him. 

Fred watched, amazed as it grew back to a fully erect beast right in front of him. 

Fred knew something was up as Bam Bam was grinning and positioned so Fred was sure to notice his big cock. 

A few minutes later as Wilma was sucking on Bam Bam's cock, he moved her up on the bed. He crawled on top of her as he turned towards Fred and said, "I want you to hold my cock and place it into your wife's cunt!"

Fred was hesitant at first, but got the courage to walk over towards the bed. He stared at Bam Bam's 19 year old cock and slowly reached his hand down and grabbed his massive hard on. It was the first time in his life he had ever touched another man's penis. He instinctively began to stroke Bam Bam's cock and then commenced to work it into his lovely wife's cunt. 

Wilma moaned out as Bam Bam's cock slid deep inside her. 

Bam Bam began to fuck her hard for a few minutes when he again looked at Fred. "I want you to lick your wife's clit while I fuck her!"

Fred was extremely horny now moved his mouth down to his wife's clit. Bam Bam's big cock had the lips of her pussy spread wide open as Fred reached his tongue out and touched her swollen clit with it. Her body immediately jumped up off the bed as she began to move about the bed. As Fred's tongue worked over his wife's clit he had a point eye view of Bam Bam's big cock as it slid back n forth inside his wife's cunt. 

It was a short time later when Wilma began to scream out loudly. She was on the verge of a very powerful orgasm as Fred's tongue continued to flick across her clit. Bam Bam gave her several hard thrust with his cock as Wilma began to explode. She thrashed around as she came very hard, with Fred continuing to lick her clit. Fred's tongue also touched Bam Bam's hard cock as it slid in and out of Wilma's cunt. 

Bam Bam then looked down at Fred and said, "Do you like that!"

Fred was embarrassed and excited. Bam Bam ordered him to lie on the bed, and he followed the instructions without hesitation. 

Fred's 6 inch cock was now protruding through his pants as it was rock hard. 

Bam Bam said to Wilma, "I want you to get on all fours! I want your wet pussy over top your husband's face!"

Wilma climbed over top of her husband as he laid flat on his back. She positioned her pussy and ass right over her husband's face as Bam Bam came in behind her. Wilma's pussy was only inches from Fred's face as Bam Bam pushed his big cock back inside her. 

Fred heard Wilma cry out and watched as Bam Bam fucked his wife only inches from his face. Bam Bam ordered Fred, "I want you to lick on your wife's cunt while I fuck her!"

Fred raised his head up off the bed a few inches as his he began to lick on Wilma's pussy again. She cried out even louder as a wave of energy went through her body as Bam Bam rammed his big cock deep into her at the same time. Bam Bam was fucking Wilma so hard that Fred's tongue was now touching Bam Bam's big cock with every thrust. 

A few minutes later Wilma screamed out again. She started to cum very hard again on Bam Bam's young cock as her husband tried in vain to lick her pussy at the same time. Bam Bam then pulled his big manhood out of Wilma's cunt. It was glistening in Wilma's juices as Bam Bam said to Fred, "I want you to lick your wife's juices off my cock!"

Fred was stunned by Bam Bam's orders but reached up and began to slowly lick the head of Bam Bam's cock. He licked on it for a few minutes until it was completely cleaned off. Bam Bam then immediately inserted his cock back into Wilma and began to fuck her very hard again.

It was only five minutes later when Bam Bam's big balls began to swell up. Fred was stuck underneath both of them as he began to panic. He knew Bam Bam was ready to cum and there was nothing he could do about it. A few seconds later Bam Bam yanked his big cock out of a screaming Wilma. He pointed his big cock down right at Wilma's ass and began to cum all over it. 

Fred watched in horror from underneath his wife's ass as Bam Bam's cum began to dribble down the crack of it, then drip down all over Fred's face. Wilma then got up off the bed and headed into the bathroom to clean off. 

Fred in the meantime wiped Bam Bam's cum off his face as Bam Bam said, "Did you like my cum on your face! Maybe you'd like to suck my cock next time!"

Fred now knew that Bam Bam was bisexual and that he really was interested in both Wilma and himself. He didn't know how far Bam Bam would push things, but he was about to see. Fred's cock was hard as a rock in his pants and he couldn't believe what he had just experienced. His sexuality was being challenged now as he waited for Bam Bam's next move.

Bam Bam then smiled and said to Fred, "I am going to fuck your wife in the ass!" Fred knew he should be objecting, but no words came out.

Wilma returned from the bathroom as Bam Bam immediately was all over her again. He moved her up on the bed and had her on all fours as her face was pointed right at Fred. Bam Bam began to fuck Wilma hard from behind for a few minutes when he pulled his big cock out of her pussy. He then aimed it right at her beautiful asshole. 

A few seconds later Wilma screamed out as her face grimaced. Bam Bam had penetrated her lovely virgin ass causing Wilma to scream loudly with her face buried in the sheets. Bam Bam fucked Wilma in the ass for several minutes as he gave Fred a cocky smile. 

Fred now wondered what else Bam Bam had in mind for them. Suddenly Wilma started to cum very hard again. A short time later Bam Bam followed, moaning out loud as he filled Wilma's ass with his cum. Bam Bam then looked over towards Fred and said, "Why don't you lick my cum out of your wife's ass!"

Fred was stunned as Bam Bam pulled his cock from Wilma's ass, got off the bed and started to get dressed and said, "I will see you both next Saturday!" He then simply left. Fred moved in behind Wilma and licked all of the young man's cum out of his shaking wife. Fred pulled his cock out and stroked himself until he shot several streams of cum over the bed sheets, while pondering what Bam Bam had planned for the both of them the following week. 

Over the next week Fred's mind went crazy. This 19 year old had gotten into his mind so badly that his cock was hard most of the week. Wilma had a smile that never left her face. 

The next Saturday night came quickly and Bam Bam arrived at the time he said he would. Fred and Wilma had not talked about Bam Bam being bisexual. 

Bam Bam immediately had Wilma remove all of her clothes as they kissed and cuddled each other on the bed. Fred watched on as Bam Bam wasted no time fucking Wilma again. 

She cried out over and over as Bam Bam pummelled her with his big cock. They fucked each other like animals with Bam Bam taking Wilma doggy style on the bed. She screamed out as her first orgasm hit. But Bam Bam continued to fuck her for a good ten minutes more. 

After Wilma had another one of her massive orgasms, Bam Bam pulled his well lubricated cock out and shoved it straight into her asshole. Wilma screamed as Bam Bam was relentless in his pounding of her asshole. 

The sheer force of his cock driving into, her made Wilma cum again. Bam Bam was also ready to cum now as he pulled his big cock out of Wilma's open asshole. He then began to shoot his cum all over the outside of her hot cunt which was now covered in Bam Bam's cum as she laid their quivering on the bed. Wilma was like a woman possessed. My wife was this teen boy's fuck toy.

Bam Bam then looked over towards Fred. He said to Fred, "I want you to come over here and lick your wife's cunt clean!"

Fred moved over to the bed started to lean down near Wilma's gaping holes. Bam Bam pushed Fred down into his wife's cunt. Fred had his tongue licking her pussy and her asshole, cleaning both of their love juices up. A few seconds later he felt Bam Bam climbed in behind him. 

Bam Bam had grabbed Fred's pants and had ripped them down to the floor. A stunned Fred didn't move as he felt Bam Bam's still hard, cum covered cock, rubbed up and down over his asshole. Bam Bam them shifted his position slightly and Fred felt an enormous pain shoot through his body as Bam Bam had pushed his big manhood into his ass. There was more than enough of their combined cum to use a lube. 

Fred screamed into his wifes cunt as Bam Bam pushed forward until he was fully inside Fred ass, Bam Bam held still, letting Fred get a little used to the size of the invader. 

Bam Bam then pulled his cock out half way, and started to fuck Fred's ass very hard. Fred now sucked up all of the remaining cum off his wife's cunt and asshole. He had his tongue now buried deep into his wife's cunt as she started to squirm about the bed. 

Then a few minutes later with Fred's tongue buried deep inside his wife, Wilma grabbed Fred's hair and screamed out into a powerful orgasm. She hadn't cum on Fred's face like that in years. Fred sucked down all of her juices.

After Bam Bam had fucked Fred for what seemed like hours, he yanked his big cock out of Fred's ass. He had Fred get off the bed as he knelt down in front of him. Wilma watched on as Bam Bam then began to stroke feverishly on his cock as Fred watched on. A few minutes later Bam Bam was now close to cumming.

Bam Bam then said, "Open up your mouth!" as Bam Bam quickly inserted his big cock into Fred's mouth. Wilma joined in, encouraging Fred to swallow the teens hot cum.

Bam Bam moaned out as he began to shoot his load down Fred's throat. Fred began to gag on Bam Bam's cum, but Bam Bam showed him no mercy as he held Fred's head tightly onto his big cock. A minute later Bam Bam pulled his spent cock out of Fred's mouth. Fred had swallowed Bam Bam's full load as Bam Bam stared down at Fred's throbbing cock. 

"I want to see you get yourself off! Stroke it Fred!" Bam Bam shouted out. "I want to see you cum on Wilma's tits".

An embarrassed but excited Fred stood up and began to stroke on his hard six inch cock in front of Bam Bam. Wilma quickly crouched down in front of her husband. It only took a few seconds and Fred began to cum all over Wilma's firm tits. Bam Bam then smiled as he got off the bed and got dressed.

Bam Bam had now been intimately acquainted with both his girlfriend's parents. He wondered what fun further visits to Fred and Wilma's would be like?