 Becky arrived about eight thirty.

Fred had opened the gates ready for her. Prince wouldn't run out without Fred at his side, even if there were temptations like another dog in sight. Prince would always wait for a word from his master.

Becky drove through the gates, turned around and parked neatly, ready for a smooth getaway! She switched off the engine and jumped out. Fred shut the gates.

She wore only a loose pale blue blouse and green shorts. Her tanned shoulders seemed to glow in Fred's house floodlights, accentuating her dark nipples poking into the material of her blouse. Fred grabbed her breasts, stopping her in her tracks.

"Oh God Fred, I've been dying for you to do that to my tits ever since I left you the other day. Take my blouse off and do it harder!"

Fred lifted her blouse over her head, dislodging a couple of buttons in the process. Her big tits fell into his hands and he couldn't resist pulling hard on her erect nipples. He still hadn't said a word.

They kissed hard, open mouths dripping saliva. Becky pushed Fred's shorts down and grabbed his growing shaft. In turn Fred pushed Becky's shorts down to her ankles and pulled her by her ample buttocks to grind her pussy at his belly. Finally they broke apart and grinned at each other.

"Hi Becky," grinned Fred. "What a fucking fuckable body you've got, to be sure!"

"Huh, that's all you think I'm good for, isn't it? A bloody good shagging! I don't mind though; it makes a change from being ignored by that bloody Jack. I walk around naked in front of him and all he says is 'Don't catch a chill'. A chill! When I'm always in heat! For two pins I'd piss on him. That'd cool him down as it dries wouldn't it?"

Fred kissed Becky again, still squeezing tits with one hand while pushing the fingers of the other deep down her bum crack. He found her joint holes and stroked them. Becky groaned.

"Fucking Hell Fred," she gasped, "let's get out of this light; the neighbour's will soon be round to watch."

Fred guided Becky up on to the naya and sat her down in the armchair, his knob bouncing in front of her. She grabbed him again.

"Wait a sec, Becky sweetheart," he gasped. "I'll get us a brandy then we can get down to serious business!"

When he returned he stopped dead to watch Becky. She was laid back in the chair with her legs opened wide over the arms. She had both hands into her crotch, one holding the lips of her vagina wide open with three fingers of the other buried deep inside of her. She was frigging hard.

Fred went over to her and stood watching her from above. He put their brandies down and started to wank himself. Then he had another idea.

Becky slowed down her efforts without removing her hands. She looked up as Fred put his hands on her thighs and leant in to her for a kiss. Then she offered her juicy fingers to him and he sucked them into his mouth one by one. His prick sagged a little. Becky looked at it and then into his eyes.

"Your prick looks like it wants to piss," she smiled. "Is that what it wants to do?"

"Take a nice gentle hold of it," grinned Fred.

Becky reached out and rested Fred's prick on one of her palms. She then placed the palm of her other hand over it. Fred relaxed and sighed as his hot stream passed through her soft hands. Becky also sighed as she directed his stream all over her big breasts.

As he finished Fred knelt between Becky's thighs and pulled her juicy pussy to his chest. He parted her lips again and rubbed her against him. He found her little pee hole.

"Now it's your turn Becky. If you let fly all over me my cock will rise and I'll fuck you with it!"

"Oh yes please, that's what I've really come for. A great big load of spunk up my holes!"

Becky closed her eyes and relaxed. About ten seconds later her hot golden stream shot out of her pee hole as Fred watched fascinated. Once she had started she couldn't stop and she shot a cascade all over his chest. Fred raised himself up and thrust his by now hard cock deep into her peeing crack.

"Oh yes! Oh yes! Oh yes!" Becky screamed to the world, now oblivious of the neighbours. "I love it! I love your cock! Give me some spunk! Shoot your load up meeeeee!"

Fred felt reinvigorated, despite the action he had already had today. He thrust in and out of Becky, determined that she should have the orgasm she had come for. He didn't have to wait long.

"Oooooo! I'm fucking coming already," she hollered. "God. I'm making so much juice I feel like I'm still pissing! I'm gonna come nowwwww! Yessss! Yessss! Yessss!"

Fred pulled out of Becky as her orgasm subsided. He offered her his ramrod and without thinking she took him in hand and jerked him hard and fast. He pushed towards her mouth and she opened wide and swallowed him. So close was he to shooting off he convulsed as soon as he felt her lips and fired his spunk into her mouth. Becky swallowed and swallowed, not allowing any to escape.

Fred felt so good; better than he had felt for many months. This last two weeks had been fantastic with, he hoped, more to come. He let his shrinking prick fall from Becky's lips and pulled her to her feet and kissed her soundly before guiding her to his bed down the hallway.

They took their brandies with them and Fred carried the bottle.

It was getting late and Fred had had a very tiring day. His cock wanted to sleep now. Fred and Becky sipped their drinks, occasionally topping up their glasses.

Fred poured little drops of brandy on to Becky's big melons and drank from there. Her nipples rose to hard points again and she moaned softly as he sucked and bit them. Then he trickled a little of the spirit into her cunt and licked it out of her. Becky pressed his head to her pussy and he licked away happy.

Fred realised that Becky had fallen asleep when her hand fell off his head on to the sheet beside her. He settled down beside her and was soon asleep himself. Having Becky's warm body beside him relaxed him into one of the deepest sleeps that he had had for many a long night.

ooooOOOoooo

Fred awoke first in the morning and feasted his eyes on Becky's voluptuous body. She was sleeping on her back, her breasts prominent on her chest. Her legs were apart with her crack partially open, revealing a fair amount of juice inside. Fred's cock was stiff and it flexed against Becky's belly. She stirred and opened her eyes.

"Hello lover," she smiled. "That's a fine cock you have there. I'd better get up and away before the neighbourhood gossip gets going!"

"You've time for a coffee and a blow job," said Fred as he offered his stiff shaft to Becky's lips. She took him in hand and then into her mouth, sucking him down deep. Fred grasped her tits hard.

All too soon Becky's ministrations had him on the verge. He groaned as she increased her sucking motion, forcing him to shoot his early morning spunk down her throat. Becky ejected his softening prick out of her mouth, the remains of Fred's sperm dribbling from her lips.

"Ummm, nice!" she murmured, "but you said something about coffee?"

"Come up to the naya in five minutes. I'll put the machine on and let Prince out for his constitutional!"

Ten minutes later they were relaxing naked on the naya, sipping their coffee. Becky refused a brandy on the grounds that it was too early and that she had to drive. She had an appointment with the private detective.

"I hope he's got some really horny pictures of them together this time," she said. "He said that he almost had them last time but he couldn't get a room opposite on the floor above. This time I've paid for him to bribe the receptionist so that he can get the right room.

At nine o'clock she slipped on her blouse and shorts, jumped into her car and drove out of Fred's gates. It would take her about three minutes to drive home and after four minutes Fred's phone rang.

"I've just seen Becky arrive home," said Mary. "Has she been with you?"

"Yes," said Fred honestly. "Jack phoned to say that he wouldn't be home last night so she phoned the private detective and then she phoned me."

"Can I come around today?" asked Mary.

"Mary my darling, you don't have to ask. You can come around whenever you like. I will get rid of any other visitors as soon as you get here."

"Except Jessica?"

Fred was silent.

Mary paused and then gave a quiet chuckle.

"It's all right Fred. She's told me all about it. She has been crying on and off all night; she's so happy. She said that she couldn't have had a better and more considerate lover. So I want some now. Have you got any left?"

"For you Mary my darling, always."

"Jess is going to the beach so she'll drop me off. Then she'll call by later so that I can have the car. She'll walk home from your house. How does that sound?"

"Fantastic, absolutely fantastic!" said Fred. "Hurry up Mary darling! I can't wait to see you again!"

Fred dashed around the house, cleaning and dusting and polishing. He grabbed the sheet off the bed and bunged it in the washing machine, replacing it with a clean one. He checked the kitchen and washed up.

Then he went out to the pool and tidied up around there, erecting the parasols and straightening the tables and loungers.

During all this he was thinking of Mary and her smooth brown body. His cock remained half erect all the time, bouncing up and down and slapping his belly as he rushed around trying to complete his tasks. By the time he was finished his whole naked body was bathed in sweat. He dived into the pool to cool off.

He did four lengths quickly under water, cooling down his whole body. He surfaced at last, feeling much better.

"Wow, we thought you were never coming up!" came Mary's smooth voice.

Fred looked up. His lovely Mary and his gorgeous Jessica were looking over the pool balustrade at him. Mary was in skimpy shorts and a bikini top. Jessica was pretty much naked, already dressed for the beach in a tiny blue bikini, her nipples prominent at the front of her halter-top and her pussy crack showing in her crotch.

"Go on Fred, let's see it," called Jessica, leaning over the pool balustrade to get a better view. Fred thought that her tits were going to fall out. He pushed off from the side doing backstroke, his cock showing like a fin above the water line.

Jessica laughed and waved as she turned away. Mary, laughing also, opened the gate in the balustrade and stepped on to the pool apron. Prince followed her and sat down. He didn't sit too close since he had fallen in one day!

"I'm coming in," announced Mary. "Wait for me!"

She dropped her shorts and unclipped her top, revealing her round tanned breasts and her light brown naked pussy lips. She bounced on to Fred's tiny diving board and dived neatly into the pool. She surfaced alongside Fred at the deep end and kissed him fondly as she groped for his cock.

"God, that's lovely," she gasped as she broke the kiss. "The kiss and your cock, I mean. I've been missing it, you know?"

"Your touch is so fantastic," gasped Fred. "I think I'm growing!"

"You sure are," said Mary as she began to frig Fred under the surface. His cock erected under her sure touch. "Put me in position and I'll mount your cock right now!"

Fred held Mary to his chest and she threaded her legs around his back. This caused her to begin to float to the surface and Fred's cock found it's way between her legs. He pressed down on her shoulders and her body nestled into him until his prick slid slowly into her hot cunt. The heat from Mary's pussy caused Fred to stiffen more.

"God! That's fantastic!" sighed Mary. "Your cock feels ever so big. You've filled my pussy right to the top. Keep still and I'll bounce up and down on your shaft. Can you come like this?"

"I think so," grinned Fred as he kissed her, groping at her beautiful tits as he did so. Her nipples were hard from the cool water and also because of her arousal.

"This is lovely," murmured Mary as she slid up and down Fred's shaft. "I'm looking forward to feeling your hot spunk shooting into me. Are you going to be long?"

"As long as you want, my darling," said Fred as he kissed her again. "This is so relaxing but I have this tremendous urge to fill your pussy with spunk. I think that I'm going to be self indulgent and give way to a big come very soon. Can you feel my cock growing inside your cunt?"

"Ohhhhh yesssss I really can," sighed Mary as she pumped up and down. You feel so stiff that you're making me come all over your gorgeous cock. I won't be long now darling so you can shoot your load whenever you like!"

The lovers were so in tune, both with their emotions and their physical movements, that they orgasmed together. Mary moaned long and hard as her vagina pulsed and throbbed around Fred's tool and then she screamed out loud as his hot streams of spunk began to fire out of his cock. They held each other tightly as their emotions lessened and then they kissed.

"Your lovely cock's shrinking now," said Mary eventually. "Let's get out and get dry and have coffee and a brandy while he recovers!"

They rested happily on the naya after Fred had made the coffee, chatting together about local events and the people they knew. Mary knew how to keep her man interested.

"Graham will be home earlier today," she began, "because he is leaving early in the morning to play in a tournament near Valencia. "He won't be back until Sunday evening. Jessica is picking Geraldine up at the airport tomorrow morning so I'll be free all day."

"No you won't," said Fred, looking her in the eye. "You'll be spending the day and night with me, won't you?"

Mary hopped over to Fred, plonked herself down on his knee and kissed him soundly. She stayed there for some time, nuzzling into his body and idly playing with his cock. Fred for his part spent a long time playing with and kissing her tits. They became very slick with saliva and he gently bit her nipples.

At last Mary raised herself and surveyed her work on his cock. It looked very red and swollen but ready for action. Mary returned to her armchair but mounted it on her knees, sticking her bum out prominently towards Fred.

"There you are darling!" she said seriously. "Both of my holes on view; yours for the taking!"

Fred got to his feet and quickly crossed to the inviting targets. First of all he stroked his hands all over Mary's bottom and she audibly purred. Then he gently opened up her bum crack with his hands and gazed upon his twin prizes; both her vagina and anus seemed to pulse as he looked. He caressed them with the fingers of his right hand and then with his left. He touched her pussy hole with the tip of his cock and Mary moaned.

"What are you going to do to me?" she hissed.

Fred smacked her arse smartly and she squealed.

"I'm going to fuck both your holes," he growled. "I'm going to get you so juicy you'll have a job to know which of your holes I'm in. I'll smack your arse 'til it's sore and you'll beg me to shoot my load!"

"Do it!" Mary hissed again.

Fred pressed forwards against Mary's soft folds of flesh and watched as his long stiff red tool disappeared into her cunt. He smacked her, hard! Mary squealed and shouted.

"That's it Fred darling! Give it to me good and hard! I love your cock! Owwww, smack me some more! Go on, fuck me hard!"

Fred obliged with relish and pumped his cock hard in and out of his Mary's hole. He stopped smacking her and opened up her arse cheeks with his thumbs. He spread her juices into her hole and pulled his cock smoothly from her cunt. He immediately pressed home into her arsehole and had the satisfaction of watching his shaft disappear into there too. Mary shuddered.

"Owww! My God, your cock feels thicker than ever darling. I've got to come nowwww; I can't hold it. I'm going to come out of my pussy right nowwwww!"

Fred transferred his hands around Mary's thighs as she expelled her cum juices out of her pussy. His hands filled and he spread it over her body. Mary moaned in ecstasy as he worked her cum into her body. Then she stilled.

"You haven't come, have you, you bastard? Are you going to fuck me again?"

"I thought I might just save a few shots for later," smiled Fred without removing his prick from her arsehole. "All this practice is improving my performance I think. Don't you think so too?"

"I don't know about that," laughed Mary. "Your big stiff cock still feels lovely in my bum. Don't take it out just yet."

ooooOOOoooo

Just then the doorbell rang.

"That'll be Jessica," said Mary as Fred swiftly slid his stiffy out of her arse.

But it wasn't. It was Maria Elena!

Mary had peeped around the pillar and spotted Maria at the gate with Prince bouncing up and down in excitement. Mary smiled to herself and went to the top step of the Naya, waving to Maria as she opened the gate and came inside.

"Aren't you going to put your cock away?" she asked quietly as she looked back at Fred.

"I don't think I will," he replied. "She had a play with it last Tuesday."

Mary laughed as Maria Elena arrived at the Naya and climbed the three steps. Her dark eyes flashed as she saw that Fred was naked before her with a drip of Mary's juice hanging from his tip.

"Oh I am sorry," she exclaimed. "I did not realise that you were making love. I am so sorry to have interrupted you."

"That's all right Maria Elena," giggled Mary. "Fred had just made me come for the second time today, that's why his prick is dripping my cum. He has just fucked my pussy and my bum at the same time. I'll fetch you a coffee."

Mary reached out and wiped the end of Fred's cock with her hand as she entered the villa. Fred smiled a little sheepishly at Maria. She giggled.

"I see that you are keeping in practice, Senor Fred. I wanted to come and see you today before I decide if I am going to see Jose again. I think that I have a big decision to make about making love with him. Oh, thank you Mary, that smells delicious!"

"Not as delicious as my pussy and bumhole!" grinned Mary. "They are both full of Fred's spunk. Well, not my bum; he held off from coming in there. We did it in the pool first of all Maria."

"What! Under water?" exclaimed Maria. She put down her cup and dropped her minimal clothing to the floor. "That sounds really exciting! Er, did Fred make you come Mary?"

Maria sat down in an armchair with her thighs apart, her charms open for them both to see.

"I got my pussy filled with sperm in the pool and my bum with his prick just before you arrived Maria. Fred's a really good lover."

The friends relaxed in the sun, chatting happily. Mary and Maria Elena from time to time stroked their fingers over their bodies, paying particular attention to their breasts, nipples and pussy cracks. After a while Mary stood and went over to Maria Elena. She leant over her and kissed her gently on the lips. Maria allowed her lips to part slightly.

"You are so beautiful Maria Elena," sighed Mary softly. "May I touch you?"

Mary's right hand slowly travelled from Maria's breasts, over her firm stomach and on down into the crack between her thighs. Maria moaned quietly and pulled Mary's head to her lips, opening her mouth wider to allow their tongues to play together. As Mary's hand arrived on to her mons she parted her thighs widely and Mary began to explore inside her hot wet crack with two fingers. Fred's cock rose.

The kiss ended eventually and Mary withdrew the two fingers from Maria's passage. She went over to Fred and kissed him, inserting the two fingers between their lips.

"There you are my darling," she said as she withdrew and started to dress. "I'm going now but I'll see you about lunchtime tomorrow. Just don't overwork your lovely cock, will you? 'Bye Maria, don't wear my man out will you?"

Mary smiled as she left. Just as she reached the gate her car drew up and there was Jessica collecting her as promised. Fred's cock gave another little twitch. He was quite hard again now!
