 Chapter Two The crossing between Newhaven and France was not a terribly long one and the four travellers knew that they needed to get moving if they were going to make the French train in time. They had dozed for a little while after their exciting introduction, but Rob had at last awoken to realise that in the distance he could make out the French coastline. He did his best to bring the others to their senses and eventually they were all once again fully dressed and waiting for the ship to dock. 

With a reversal of the original boarding the lads hauled four backpacks off the boat and onto the waiting train. The carriage they managed to find was divided into compartments of facing seats, and with little effort they kept other travellers at bay and held onto the precious space for themselves. Once the ticket collector had checked their documents they pushed their luggage in front of the door and settled into the excited chatter of late teens. 

They'd been rumbling along for something like an hour and a half when the train came to a shuddering holt. After waiting a few minutes Simon peered out of the window and confirmed that it looked as though nothing was going to happen for a while at least. They all groaned and prepared themselves for a long delay. Unfortunately for Carla the delay also meant an increasingly full bladder; however, on investigation they found that the tiny bathroom was out of order and there appeared to be no way to move up the train without leaving the carriage all together. She wriggled and squirmed for a while longer and eventually declared that she just had to pee or she'd burst. Anique confirmed that she was pretty close to feeling the same way, and they both looked over at the guys to see what they thought they might do. Simon shrugged and looked a bit perplexed at the problem, and at first Rob could offer no solutions of his own. Then in a blinding flash he had a brain wave. He smiled to himself at the possibilities his idea entailed and then proposed his solution to Carla and Anique.

'Say no if this idea doesn't suit you girls, but think about it first!' Rob suggested, and he continued, 'Why don't you pee into a container and then we can empty it out of the window?'

Anique giggled and asked what sort of container he was thinking of. Rob wracked his brain and finally after rummaging through his bag he came out with a camp size saucepan. The two girls studied it for a moment and then in desperation Carla grabbed it and pulling down her jeans and panties she squatted over the pan. Within seconds a splashing stream of golden pee was starting to fill the container. The lads found their young eyes glued to the brunette's dark bush as it sprayed Carla's accumulated pee into the pot. Then, without even thinking about what he was doing, Rob suddenly thrust his hand between Carla's legs. 

She gasped as his fingers made contact with her streaming pussy, and her eyes grew wide as within seconds she felt Rob thrust one of them into her slippery hole. Her pee gushed around his probing finger and splashed messily over the edge of the pan. Meanwhile the other two stared in disbelief as Carla, far from pulling away from the invasion of her sex, started to moan as she pumped herself up and down on Rob's outstretched hand. He extended another finger into her sopping pussy and moving closer, put his other hand on her back to support her, and then began to help her in her excited movement. 

Letting out another gasp, louder this time, Carla rode his hand harder, as Rob began to utter a stream of dirty comments and suggestions into her ear.

'You are such a sexy slut Carla! Oh god Carla your pussy is soaked with pee and cum! That's it sweetheart cum for Rob, cum on my hand, let me feel you gush!'

By this time Anique was leaning really close to her friend as she peered lustily at the sight of Rob masturbating her. He looked up and smiled at the blonde, then with a quick movement he grabbed her hand and pushed it between her friend's thighs, to join his own. Anique was about to pull away when she had second thoughts and in the next movement she was slipping her own fingers into Carla's sweet, juicy cunt. 

Carla didn't stop her thrusting up and down on the two hands between her legs and seconds later she gave a loud cry, and both Rob and Anique felt the spasming pussy grip their fingers. Carla's cunt rippled with pleasure and she came hard.

A second gasp caught Anique's attention and looking up from her position on the floor, she saw Simon's hard cock bobbing up and down as he tugged on his manhood, while he watched the action unfolding before him. She reacted with similar speed to when Rob had grabbed her hand and pushed it into Carla's pussy. But her movement resulted in Simon being pulled by his cock towards her friend's mouth. Carla parted her excited lips and sucked the offering quickly into her hot, wet throat. Simon gasped again and pushed forward until he was moving in a regular fucking motion. 

Rob leaned back and observed the scene and then remembered that Anique had also been dying to take a pee. She was engrossed in watching Carla being face fucked but Rob noticed that she was also pressing hard against her mound. Probably as much to stem her flow of pee as in excitement. He grinned wickedly and slid his hand up to Anique's bare midriff then, with a gentle rubbing motion he pressed into her bladder quickly. The girl let out a shriek as she suddenly realised that she wasn't able to hold on any longer. Then with a mixture of relief, pleasure and embarrassment, she felt her jeans filling with her hot pee. Looking down she saw the affect, as a wet patch rapidly grew around her inner thighs.

Anique knew it was pointless to try and remove her jeans now, and decided to abandon herself to the deliciously warm sensation that she hadn't felt since kindie. Meanwhile the others watched as she peed herself, marvelling at the eroticism of such a naughty 'accident'.

It was all too much for Simon, as with Carla sucking hard on his cock, and the sexy scene unfolding before him, he lost control of his on coming ejaculation. His hard flesh jerked deliciously in Carla's mouth, urging her to take him right into her throat. Then with a final thrust he started to empty his balls with a steady stream of sperm, one spurt after another. Carla gagged and as his manhood left her mouth he shot a rope of cum right over Anique's face as she lay below him in the puddle of her own making.

The blonde giggled at the absurdity of the whole situation and then, looking over at Rob she enquired as to whether he was going to help her remove her soaking jeans. He nodded, and as she knelt he unclipped her buttons and helped her to wriggle the tight, wet fabric over her shapely bottom. Her panties, caught up with the jeans, came down as well, and seconds later Rob was feasting his eyes on her lovely cheeks. Anique looked over her shoulder as instead of pulling the wet garments further down her legs, Rob began to quickly unbutton his own pants. She knew what was coming and offered her lovely bottom up to the hard cock that emerged from his clothing. Then with a quick thrust Rob slid his straining flesh into Anique's more than ready cunt. 

Seconds later he was pumping hard, fucking the girl with rapid movements. Anique let out a cry as she felt him swell and fill her still more. Her pussy pulsed with excitement, already wet from her 'accident' and getting wetter every second from the hard fucking Rob was giving her. 

It was inevitable, with the events of the last few minutes and the view that Anique and Rob had of their satiated travelling companions, that neither of them would last more than a few minutes before they climaxed. It was Rob who lost control first, as with a groan and a hard thrust into Anique's sopping pussy he shot stream after stream of his creamy sperm, deep into her body. Anique, excited beyond anything she'd ever experienced before, responded almost instantly with a loud shout of pleasure as her pussy began to throb and convulse in an all enveloping, intense orgasm of her own. Involuntarily, she thrust her beautiful ass hard against Rob's still hard cock, as a mixture of her juices and Rob's sperm began to flow and dribble down her inner thighs.

Inevitably, the intense activity had a soporific effect on the four travellers and within a few minutes, still only half clothed they all drifted into slumber until the PA announced the termination of the journey at Gard du Nord.