 Jennifer had enjoyed the last two days off work, lounging around the house and re-living the experiences of the last several days. Several times, she pleasured herself and had cum using her dildos, once even allowing her husband to fuck her briefly as she fantasized about the other men. As he pushed his small cock into her and came, she almost laughed, remembering how utterly full she had felt with two cocks in her pussy and the one in her mouth and the gushes of hot cum deep inside her as they had released their loads.

On Sunday morning she gathered all her courage and called Stan, the electrician who had started her on the path of discovery. As she sat in the living room talking to him, she casually draped her left leg over the sofa arm and loosening her robe allowing it to fall free. As they talked, Jen's fingers played over her round tits, to the rock hard nipples she always experienced. Rolling the nipples between her fingers, she moaned lowly and quietly told Stan what she was doing. As he coaxed her onward, her hands moved to her pussy. Parting her full lips, she shuddered as she flicked a fingertip across her swollen clit. As Stan was telling her how much he and all the others had enjoyed her, Jen slid two , then three fingers inside her wet slit. As Stan continued to talk, recounting his view of her with two thick cocks filling her pussy as a third filled her hot mouth Jen began to feel a familiar sensation of a spasm beginning deep inside her. 

As she heard him describe the fourth man slipping her cock into her ass and her attempts to squeal as four cocks fucked her to near unconsciousness was more than Jennifer could endure and she thrust her largest dildo deep inside and began to stroke it in and out as she arched her back against the sofa. As she thrust the foot long dildo deeper and deeper, sliding it over her erect clit with each stroke, she began to cum. Dropping the phone she forced it ever deeper as she used her other hand to rub her clit furiously. Moaning loudly, she thrust inside one last time as a wave of orgasm swept over her body. As her breath came in gasps, she felt her own juices squirt past the rubber cock filling her pussy . Fucking her pussy and fingering her clit, Jennifer felt several more orgasms overtake her before she limply allowed the cock to slide from her grasp. As she groped for the fallen phone, her movement pushed the dildo out of her pussy causing one more gasp as it dropped to the floor. On the phone, she heard Stan laugh and simply say, "Come by the shop later, and be prepared."

Around noon, Jen showered and again shaved her pussy totally clean of any hair. She slipped on a short denim skirt and \ began to button up a sheer, silk blouse. She had decided that no bra or underwear was in order today and as a final flair of defiance, unfastened all but the bottom button of her blouse, clearly exposing her full breasts with any turn or breeze. Walking to her car, Jen even brazenly flashed several neighborhood men as she worked her way into her car. With the windows down and the sunroof open, Jen drove the ten miles to Stan's shop enjoying both the warmth of the sun on her nearly naked breasts. On the highway, she would purposely pull beside cars and trucks and parallel then, allowing the drivers to see her full breasts, seductively pulled the blouse aside and looking directly into their eyes, showing them her erect ,pink nipples. She was beginning to enjoy showing herself off to men.

Even though then shop was closed on Sunday, Jen noticed many cars in the parking lot as she arrived. Getting out of the car, Jen undid the last remaining button on her blouse and knocked on the locked door. Stan quickly appeared and seeing her half naked in the sunlight moaned and said quietly, "Damn," Pulling him outside, Jennifer closed the door and said," Before anything else, this is for you", as she unzipped her pants and pulled his huge still flaccid cock to her mouth. All Stan could do was mutter," Oh God, yes" as Jennifer's hot mouth sucked furiously on the rapidly swelling head of his cock. As he held her head in his hands and began to fuck her willing mouth, Stan realized that a nearly naked woman was sucking his cock as cars sped by on the highway not twenty yards away and clearly watching them. After a couple minutes, Jen pulled her mouth off his throbbing cock and stood up, sliding out of her blouse and skirt and dropping them in the parking lot before moving past him into the building leaving Stan leaning on the side of the building , naked from the waist down.

Walking inside, Jennifer now realized her performance outside had been witnessed by at least a dozen now naked men waiting for her inside. Several of the men she recognized from her night of fucking in her office, but several new faces, and cocks, had joined them. Most of the men were fondling themselves to erection and she surveyed the variety of cocks awaiting her. Four or five when the six or so inches she considered average and at least three had cocks that Jennifer knew would be over a foot long when fully erect. As the men watched, Jennifer wandered among then stroking and sucking cocks at will. Kneeling among them, Jen took one long , thick cock into her mouth as she stroked two more to life. She shuddered as she felt a dozen hands on her tits, back and belly and let a low, animal noise as fingers caressed her engorged pussy lips and erect clit. 

Stan , by now had entered the building and walking behind her, reached around Jennifer, cupping her breasts in her hands. Leaning her head back onto his erect cock, Jen, letting the cock so was sucking slip from her lips, said, "I want much more of what we started the other night." The men now assisted her to her feet and arching her back , Jennifer felt Stan's huge, hard cock against her ass and knew this was going to be fun. As the group of men parted, Jen was led to the center of the room and soon saw why she had been invited to the shop. A large , low padded bench mounted on a turntable sat in the center of the shop. "The boys built this just for you," said Stan. He placed his cock into her hands and grinned as he backed away, leading her to the bench. Lying on his back , his massive member now fully erect, Stan pulled her mouth to his cock as the men now surrounding them began to whistle and cheer. Holding his cock in both hands, Jen sucked furiously, taking as much of the foot long monster into her mouth as she could. Her eyes widened, and she moaned gutturally as she now felt other hands roaming over her body, fondling her dangling breasts and sliding into her now wet pussy. Pulling her mouth from his cock head, Stan said, " Now Jen, you'll see what we built for you."

Two of the men helped Jen to mount the turntable with the attached bench. As she stood astride Stan, the men urged her on and as she leaned forward, her hands on his chest, she lowered herself slowly and provocatively onto his erection. Her pussy was dripping wet from the many fingers that had been probing her depths and the added stimulus of sucking on Stan's cock. Kneeling slowly at first, Jen felt the monstrous head part her wet pussy lips and enter her. By rotating her hips side to side and back and forth , her pussy accepted more and more until she was able to place a knee on each side of his hips taking him deep inside her and feel her clit grinding against him. Her breath was coming in gasps as he pushed against her and her nipples brushed against his chest as her tits swayed with their movement. Jennifer's moans where muffled now as a man sporting a super thick cock mounted the platform near Stan's head and slid his member into her gasping mouth. 

As they fucked for several minutes like this, Jen felt her pussy relaxing slightly and accepted the deepest fucking she had ever known. Increasing their rhythmic motion, Jen soon was sucking the man's entire cock into her hot mouth as she felt his balls bounce against her chin and Stan's dick totally withdraw and re-entered her gaping, dripping pussy. The man fucking her mouth groaned and grabbed the back of her head, forcing his cock deep into her mouth. As the man held himself inside her mouth, an orgasm rushed over her causing her to moan loudly and suck his cock dry as he began spurting load after hot, silky load into her throat. As this flaccid cock slid from her lips, another longer, thinner cock replaced it and Jen continued to be pounded by Stan's cock. Now she understood, and while Stan's thick, foot long wonder jack-hammered orgasm after orgasm from her pussy , she sucked each of the fourteen cocks until they were drained of cum. With each new intrusion, Stan would quicken his pace causing her clit to rub against him and coax another spasm from her weakening body. Now Stan said, "Jen, stand up and turn around."

Totally compliant, Jen let a flaccid cock slide from her lips, nodded and slowly standing , felt her knees almost buckle with the sensation of pulling her pussy off such a large cock. Turning around , Stan now said, "OK. Sit on my cock again". As she lowered herself, a wave of orgasm hit her and unable to control her legs, impaled herself on his cock again with one stroke. "God", she moaned as her body quivered as wave after wave engulfed her with the sudden intrusion. As she collapsed backward onto Stan's chest she felt her legs being raised up and outward and to her shock felt another cock pushing into already filled pussy. The combination of pleasure and pain was unbearable and as she leaned back and tried to scream , a third hard cock filled her mouth again. Now, almost beyond control Jennifer felt all three cocks begin to fuck her mouth and pussy. Her arms fell outstretched limply to the sides as the top man in her pussy and the one in her mouth groaned as they pumped loads of hot cum into her. She felt her massive tits bouncing wildly as she was being skewered mercilessly by the cocks in her pussy and mouth. Jennifer orgasmed again as the man in her pussy quickly pulled out leaving Stan's hard cock still buried inside her. With rivulets of hot cum seeping from around the cock inside her and running down over Stan's hard balls, the remaining men spun the turntable with her on it and lined her pussy and mouth up for two more cocks each time two men had finished.

With each new pair of cocks in her pussy and mouth, Jennifer would continue to orgasm. The sensation was further intensified by the endless array of hands and mouths groping and sucking her tits, throat and belly. As the men fucked her pussy and mouth relentlessly, Jennifer continued to orgasm in almost a continuous stream of pleasure each time they filled her with loads of cum. With each spin of the table, Jen encountered sensations she had not known before as cocks of all sizes and shapes probed her pussy and filled her mouth, and always there was Stan's huge cock, buried deep inside her. After several hours, each man had fucked Jen's mouth or pussy repeatedly and in her semi-lucid state had no idea how many orgasms she had experienced. 

As the last man pulled his cock from her now gaping cunt, Stan waited a moment then rolled her off his cock onto her side, watching the stream of thick white, pearly cum flow from her reddened pussy and across her thigh onto the bench. By now only soft, low whimpering groans came from Jen and her body was totally flaccid. Stan had not yet cum but had enjoyed providing Jennifer with yet another adventure. Knowing she would sleep for a while, Stan lay on his back on the bench and pulled Jennifer, still lying on her side between her legs. Caressing her lips with his cock, Stan eased Jen's mouth open and with no encouragement found her sucking his cock as she slept using his thigh as a pillow. As Stan leaned back and began to drift off to sleep himself, he relished the feel of the sleeping woman's hot mouth on his cock as she slept. As he reached down and caressed her nipples, she again groaned and began to suck his massive cock deeper into her mouth as she slept.