 Robbie was never the Ladies' Man sort, but he knew he could offer a woman much more than the typical joe with a chiseled six pack, a smarmy smile and blimp-like dick. He was genuine, with a credibility that would have made an expert witness under oath in a courtroom nod in approval. He thought himself attractive, though, because he broke the rules every once in a while.

Rule No. 1 for men and women when it comes to relationships: never fool around with a person designated as "taken." Oh, he was about to shatter this one into pieces. The setting was quaint if a bit pretentious: a French restaurant with a wine list the length of the Eiffel Tower, and a menu with prices that might make Bill Gates think twice. He did not pick the place, and he was not about to complain about it, either.

Jessica suggested it first and then insisted after giving potential dining destinations some thought. He met her in college and worked under her guidance for a time. Her hair was reddish-blonde. He could not tell which color was the dominant one sometimes. Her blue eyes contrasted with her bleach white skin. She was skinny with average breasts and a few freckles on her left cheek. She also wore glasses on occasion.

Meredith, a mutual acquaintance, decided to tag along. Robbie did not mind this. They worked together briefly, and he had always admired her full figure. Meredith's breasts, by contrast, were like the navel oranges he bought at the area supermarket. Her blonde hair made Jessica's look a bit redder. He still could not decide.

In town for a convention, the two women, both in their late-20s, opted for a catch-up dinner with Robbie and some other old friends. He offered his apartment to them weeks in advance, so they would not need to pony up for a hotel room. After some discussion, they accepted. They could steal his bed for a night or rest easy on the foldout couch, amongst the most comfortable on the planet.

At the restaurant, they sipped wine and shared stories from the previous two years. He ordered a beef dish with a delightful cream sauce. Meredith and Jessica each devoured the special, a stuffed chicken with vegetables. He paid the bill, of course, even if the final amount made him cringe inside a bit. He would pay it for them and for the sheer quality of the cuisine. How often does a man have an acceptable excuse to sample a place of this caliber?

French food was filling, and parts of the meal felt heavier going down his esophagus than a sack of bricks. Rich stuff, he thought, for rich people. He was glad to pretend he was one for an evening.

Robbie was partial to one dress outfit in particular: a solid color shirt, pants and a sports coat. Since he loved royal blue, he wore that with black pants and his black coat.

Meredith showed off her legs and back in a solid navy blue dress with a clasp and white stilettos. Jessica wore a pitch-black dress with a flower pattern visible throughout. It stopped at her knees and meshed with her black high-heels. They looked like a classy bunch. No cleavage, no moth ball-infested dress shirt fit for a dead grandfather in a casket. They were hip, too

He did not care to remember the details of the conversation or their previous stints as fellow employees. An extensive chat about eminent domain or one centered on slander and libel laws was not arousing. His mind always drifted straight to the sex that happened later.

The particulars of how Meredith and Robbie began petting each other's hands in the front seat during the drive home did not matter. It was just important that they felt an attraction. The caveat was also vital and made the eventual intercourse dangerous: Jessica and Meredith were both in committed relationships. He promised to keep a secret if they reciprocated. They could sort it out later in the aftermath.

They arrived to his spotless apartment just after 10 p.m. He cleaned it in advance of any expected company. For two ladies, he went overboard.

Jessica yawned as the other two approached the door. "I'm tired," she managed. As soon as they entered the living area, she crashed on the sofa.

"Lights out, I suppose," Robbie said. "Yep," Meredith agreed. "She's a goner."

"How much wine did she drink?" he asked. "More than you and I," she answered. "She might sleep until tomorrow."

Robbie and Meredith giggled. With the third member of the party seemingly unconscious and spread across the couch, they decided to improvise a solution to the sudden sleeping quandary. Two people and just one bed to share was simple math.

"I can keep a secret, Meredith," he said without pause. "Why don't you sleep with me?"

She laughed. She was too intoxicated to give the question serious thought or examine her response's implications. She laughed some more. She tried to walk to the kitchen but began to slip. He ran across the room and caught her in mid-air. Clichés do happen before sexual situations.

As he grabbed her, their faces met. Soon, their lips did, too. "I think we should do more than share the same bed," Meredith said in slurred speech. He understood the message. "I think you," she pointed while laughing hysterically, "should take off your clothes." So he did.

He threw off his shirt, unzipped and removed his pants, and tossed his shoes and socks toward the couch, revealing just his boxers. "Shit, that's sexy," Meredith said. "I think you need to get closer to naked, too," Robbie said. Neither noticed that one of his socks had smacked Jessica in the face. She was sound asleep, so it did not matter.

Meredith obliged and unclasped her dress. She did her best impression of a stripper on a stage as she undressed. It was the only slow portion of the opener of this sexual escapade. She nearly tripped again a few times. The striptease inflated his dick like a blimp.

When all that covered her body was her blue panties and stilettos, they ran toward each other and engaged in a wild kiss. He had seen this kind of lip lock before in an adventure movie when the protagonist was re-united with his long lost love. Drunk or sober, it was still passionate. Save the regrets for the next morning, he told himself. She must have said the same.

He used his hands to squeeze her humongous boobs while his tongue darted in and out of her mouth. Her breath tasted like the best wine of the night coupled with heavy cream and strawberry Mentos. It was delicious to him.

When Meredith and Robbie grew bored with aggressive tonsil hockey, they moved to the bedroom. He tickled her panties then pulled them down and threw her onto the bed. He pulled the panties all the way off but left on her stilettos. He tasted her pussy with his lips and tongue to prepare the area for his now huge cock. He swore his genitalia had grown several inches just in the last few minutes. He removed his boxers then jumped onto the bed.

The two giggled again. "You get on top first," Robbie suggested. "I want you to stare at me while we have sex."

"OK," she said. Meredith played with his cock to get it ready for insertion. Her painted fingernails tickled the head and his testicles. Don't explode yet, he thought.

Like an anesthesiologist trying to find the right vein in which to stick an IV, she experimented until she found the right position. She stuck it in, and the two sat immersed in one another for half a minute before one of them took charge. Meredith went first. She gyrated up and down in a hypnotic motion.

She was not drunk enough to screw up her maneuvering. After a few minutes, the incessant moans began, and they needed to lock lips again to offset the power of the sensation of his dick submerged in her pussy. Talk was cheap. They didn't do much of it. That would just interrupt the fabulous, inebriated sex.

"I don't want to mess up your bed, so just cum inside me, Robbie," she said. She followed with a giggle and an ear-splitting moan. Her invitation seemed to open the floodgates. He came soon after and made sure he emptied his load before he pulled his dick out of her pussy.

"Now, you get on top," Meredith barked. He did not need to say anything comprehensible. Instead, he just complied and mounted her the same way she had him.

His soaked dick easily slid into her wet pussy. He stared at her while he sat up and rammed his dick in and out in the same hypnotic motion. He lowered his head, so his mouth could reach her breasts. He tasted them while his dick performed horizontal gymnastics. He was not an experienced lay, but he knew where to stick it and how to get it there.

His tongue moved from her boobs, after a time, to her starved lips. They French kissed again while they banged one another. This time, she came first. Her legs squeezed his for several seconds while they swapped fluids. They paused for a moment before deciding what to do next.

Robbie kissed Meredith's ears and breasts before standing up to bang her from behind. "Well, we haven't done this yet," Robbie. "Lay on your stomach, Meredith."

She did. He was unfamiliar with sex of the anal variety, but he improvised. An intoxicated, aroused late-20s woman would not know the difference. As long as he slipped his dick in the right hole, he was golden.

He rubbed her back while he slid his dick back and forth. After a minute or two, he found a groove and tried to keep a steady beat. She flipped over on her back, and he did her the usual way until they came again. "Man, that's kind of exhausting," Robbie said.

"Yeah," Meredith agreed. "But damn, it's fun when you're kinda drunk."

For the next few minutes, they spooned, kissed and caressed one another. The stuff most people do before wild sex, in this case, came after the intercourse. Just as the two seemed ready to drift off, Jessica, out of nowhere, still fully dressed, entered the room with her hands at her hips.

"What the hell are you two doing?" Jessica asked. "You know that's bad. What will your boyfriend say, Meredith? Is that why you brought us here, Robbie? I am appalled."

For at least a minute, Meredith and Robbie remained silent, stunned and unsure how to respond. " Uh...Jessica," Robbie stammered. "Please don't tell her boyfriend. Please. Plea—"

"Shut up," Jessica interrupted. She then yelled. "Just shut up."

Meredith began to laugh again, a theme that night. "I think Jessica wants to get in on this action."

"You," Jessica said pointing to Meredith, "also need to shut up." She said it with a hint of rage. By then, it was obvious to the three of them what would happen next. Getting there was the tricky part.

"Why don't you just join us, and then nobody has to know," Robbie said. "We...we...we thought you were out for the count. We did not expect you to wake up until noon tomorrow."

"Well," Jessica, "there was no way I could stay asleep with all that racket in here."

"Admit it," Meredith said. "You want him right now."

"I mean, I kinda want to climb on, but...goddamnit, it's so wrong," she responded. "Damnit! Just shut up and let me think."

Robbie motioned to Jessica, and for whatever reason, she walked to the side of the bed to meet him. She stopped thinking and decided to live on the wild side, too. He figured Jessica was too kind and worrisome to ever tell on Meredith. Why not close an exorbitant evening with a spontaneous ménage e trios?

Jessica and Robbie kissed softly at first. He tasted the wine and her thick lipstick. She tasted Mentos, pussy and Meredith's breath. Soon, they began to French kiss. Another game of tonsil hockey required overtime.

He had always secretly liked Jessica this way but never had the gumption to tell her. He said everything with his tongue and the way it moved. She began to fondle his stiff dick as they continued a literal tongue-lashing.

Meredith watched with great interest as Jessica played with Robbie's junk. Jessica then slid her black panties down her bony legs. She kept her dress and heels on, as if not being naked made the sin less offensive.

She let go of her inhibitions and climbed on Robbie's dick. She played with it some more until she could fully insert it into her hungry pussy. She handled it with care so as not to get any stains on her dress. She would have to let Robbie cum inside her, too.

All he could hear, at first, was the squishy sound of his dick meeting her pussy. Jessica soon moaned as Meredith did earlier. It was impossible not to cry out and gasp for air during this emphatic exchange. He knew would cum within a minute or two of this beyond sexy mounting. Jessica was screwing him with her dress on, while Meredith used her right hand to massage her breasts and her left to rub Jessica's moving thighs.

When the impact of it all became too much to take, he erupted like a geyser. She nearly suffocated his oxygen flow squeezing her legs and his. She let out a sexy cry the whole neighborhood might have heard when the biggest part of his load entered her.

"Oh God yes!"

Jessica then lay down next to Meredith and kissed her neck five times, grazed her breasts with her left hand and fingered Meredith's clit with her right one for 30 seconds. "Get on him again, Meredith," Jessica said. "I want to watch."

Robbie and Meredith assumed that familiar position, and she banged him, using that hypnotic motion. While she sat up and rode him, Robbie and Jessica kissed again. Jessica sat up after a minute and pushed her way behind Meredith on the bed. She played with Meredith's gigantic boobs and caressed her ears and neck. They met in a brief peck on the lips.

Meredith moaned. Robbie came a fourth time. He was beginning to lose count of the orgasms. No one could fake it under these circumstances.

"You again," Meredith pointed to Jessica. "Climb on." Robbie was not sure how much more sex his dick could handle. Meredith returned to Robbie's side and kissed him, while Jessica forced his dick back into her pussy. They could not even last a minute. He came for a fifth time and made sure to drop off all of his magic milk before retreating.

The three needed to stop for a moment before the final act. "I have a really naughty idea," Jessica said to Meredith. "Why don't you clean off his dick with your mouth and share it with me when you finish."

"Yeah?" Meredith asked. "I think I can do that." She laughed again.

"Wow, that sounds hot," Robbie said.

A blowjob often comes before the main intercourse, but this ass backwards orgasm festival merited a protocol change. Meredith crouched at the foot of the bed and wiggled around until she could reach his drenched dick with her mouth. She approached this endeavor like drinking a slurpee from a convenience store.

Her tongue danced around every area of his cock. With each breath, she seemed to get more of it in her mouth. Jessica ran her fingers through Meredith's hair and held her head down while she sucked.

Meredith pushed and pushed until she finally had the whole thing in her gaping, nearly gagging mouth. Robbie did his best to hold in that evening's last monstrous batch of cum as long as possible.

"I bet that tastes good," Jessica said in sensual voice. That sentence made him lose control.

"Oh my God I'm going to cum," he shouted. "Meredith, I'm going to blow."

His fluid flew into her mouth. She spit some of it back on his spent cock. She motioned to Jessica, and they shared the rest of it.

Any man would have exploded at this sight. First, Jessica and Meredith kissed softly, lips meeting lips. Soon, Meredith spit some of his cum onto Jessica's tongue. They swapped his spunk via an incredible more than minute-long kiss. He had to restrain himself from violent masturbation.

Lips smacked and the white liquid transferred from tongue to tongue. "So, ladies, how does it taste?"

"Damn good," Jessica said with a mouthful of cum. The two women spit the juice they did not swallow back onto his stomach and dick. Jessica and Meredith kissed one last time. They then used paper towels to clean each other off before a deep sleep.

Jessica removed her dress, put it on a hanger, unclasped her bra and put on pajama pants and a pink T-shirt. She winked at Meredith and then Robert before turning out the bedroom light and heading to the living room and that couch. Their boyfriends did not need to know about this. Jessica's glance said it all. They never would.