 The girls had gone into town to do some shopping leaving me and Bob to kill a few hours by the pool. We had only been on holiday for two days and although I'd never met him before this trip, we got on really well. Both our girls had known each other for years but Bob was the new man in Suzie's life and he seemed to have a lot in common with Kim and myself. 

I'm Chris, incidentally and there's nothing very special about me. Average build, average looks, average cock ... in fact pretty average all round. The only unusual thing about me I suppose is that I am blonde.

We had hired a secluded luxurious farmhouse hidden deep in the French countryside to chill out for a month after Suzie, Kim and I finished University and Bob had been invited along to make up the foursome. There wasn't much to do except eat, drink, relax in the pool .....and have sex. 

The morning passed quietly sun-bathing, reading and cooling off in the pool. At one stage I was lying face-down soaking up the rays when Bob pulled himself out of the water and sat down on one of the poolside mattresses next to mine to dry himself. The sun was shining and there was a cool breeze. Bliss! We were both chatting about the girls when Bob suddenly changed the topic. 

"Why are we bothering with swimming costumes in a place like this?" he asked. "We're miles from anywhere. There's nobody around and, I don't know about you, but I fancy getting an all-over tan."

Now I may have been around a bit but I have never felt any great desire to get an all over tan and even less desire to lay naked next to another guy. I must have had a shocked look on my face as he went on,

"What's wrong with that?" he asked, almost hurt that I wasn't enthusiastic. He said that, like me, he had never fancied the idea of going naked in company but had once been persuaded to go on a naturist holiday and that had completely changed his attitude.

"Believe me it feels great to be in the outdoors and totally naked. You haven't lived until you've felt the breeze blowing round your bits?" he joked.

I turned round to give him a quizzical look, which for some reason turned into a smile.

"Don't knock it 'til you've tried it," he said. "Mind if I take these things off anyway?" and without waiting for an answer he stood up and pulled his swimming shorts down to his ankles, kicking them away to the poolside.

I was still staring at him almost in disbelief and my eyes were automatically drawn to his cock, which was another good reason for not dropping my shorts. I wasn't keen for him to make comparisons and his cock seemed much longer than mine, or perhaps he was just getting excited by all this! 

He sat down on the mattress again and started rubbing on some sun cream, working it gently onto his hairless chest and caressing himself as he did so. I wanted to turn away but couldn't stop myself watching as he gently smoothed the cream onto his body, up and down his arms and legs and thighs. He was making such a performance of it that I couldn't help thinking he was deliberately doing this for my benefit. 

I couldn't turn away now as, for some strange reason, I was fascinated to know if he'd use the cream on that cock and I guess he knew exactly what I was thinking as he caught my eye and smiled wickedly. He poured another gob of cream onto the shaved area where his pubes once were. He must spend hours shaving every single hair away from his tackle. I knew that both the girls had shaven pussies which made me the only one of the four with every pubic hair intact. I made a mental note to do something about that later!

Very slowly Bob started massaging all around his cock and balls, using his other hand to stroke his shaft and caress his balls. It seemed to go on for ages and I could see that his cock was responding to the treatment. Much to my surprise, so was mine! 

He caught my eye as he continued the gentle caress and he smiled, knowingly. 

"Enjoying the show?" he asked.

Once again I said nothing but smiled nervously back at him and turned away.

'Hey, you need some of this cream on your back or you'll roast," and, without waiting for a response he came to sit on my mattress and started to run cream into my shoulders and neck.

"Wait a min......" I started but somehow couldn't come out with the words. I, a fully qualified heterosexual, should have pushed him away but something inside me wanted him to carry on.

"What were you going to say?"

"Oh, er, .....nothing," I said, and he continued to rub the cream into the upper part of my back. But this wasn't a simple slapping on of sun cream. This was a massage, and a very sensual one at that. Kim had given me massages before but, hell, this guy was better!

My arms were by my side and my hand was just touching the coolness of his naked buttock. I was trying desperately not to move it or give him any indication of just how much I was enjoying this new experience. I can't deny that I've imagined being with another guy. Kim and I had even talked about the possibility of a threesome, but I guess I'd always been a bit too scared to follow-up the idea.

Having worked his hands half way down my back he picked up my right arm and started massaging more cream into that from the top down pressing every muscle until he ended up working on each of my fingers in turn. And when he was finished he replaced my arm so that my hand was now resting on the very top of his leg, inches away from his cock.

As I was wondering what the hell to do next with my hand, he went back to working on my back gradually getting lower and lower until he reached the top of my swimming shorts. Slowly he worked his fingers under the top few inches of the trunks and, as he did so, I could feel he was forcing the top of the trunks lower and lower onto my arse. God, I was enjoying this.

Bob got up now to move round to my other side and, as he sat down he pulled my trunks down so the elastic top was just under my arse, exposing my buttocks to the air. And still I didn't object!

Now he began working on my left arm and when he'd finished with that he replaced it so that my hand was that much nearer his cock. There was nothing accidental about that. I only had to twitch a finger to touch it. He began working on my newly exposed arse, every now and again gently pushing my buttocks apart and running his hands down the crack, and I could feel the cool air on my hole. 

My whole body tingled and my hand suddenly seemed to develop a mind of its own as it shifted to lay on top of his cock, with my fingers gently feeling it's length. What was I doing here?! 

When he ran a finger round the rim of bumhole I couldn't stop myself grabbing his cock more firmly. And when his finger began probing its way into my hole I knew I was hooked. I was almost wanking another man!

"Hell Bob. What are you doing? What am I doing?"

"Well I guess you're enjoying yourself," he said. 

"Time now to get rid of these things altogether.' He pulled my swimming shorts down and over my ankles and threw them into the pool. I thought that if anyone turned up now there would be no way of covering myself up in a hurry but, by this stage, I had abandoned myself to whatever was going to happen next and didn't care who saw.

Now Bob shifted his position so that he was almost lying next to me leaning back on one elbow and with his other hand massaging the cheeks of my bum, up and down the crack and round almost as far as my balls. Unconsciously I lifted myself up a little to allow him closer and at the same time I put my hand around his balls, marvelling at their smooth feel and amazing myself with how much I was enjoying this.

"Turn on your side. I want to see what's hidden under there" he said. 

I didn't need asking twice, and my cock was itching to be free. I turned my body towards him and he moved himself further down the mattress so that his face was only inches from my now fully erect pole. 

"Now that looks tasty,' said Bob making it pretty clear what was going to happen next and causing a few small drops of pre-cum to appear at the head. Bob stuck his tongue out and slowly ... oh so slowly ... moved towards my throbbing cock. Very delicately he started licking all around the head stopping only to relish the taste of my pre-cum. I was staring down at him as if I had been transformed to a different planet. This couldn't be happening to me.

He gently wrapped his lips around the tip, and used his tongue to probe my pee hole. The sensation was almost unbearable and I felt my balls and thighs quivering. He gradually moved his head down the shaft licking, sucking and even nibbling with his teeth.

Bob's cock was now almost touching my lips and I found myself tentatively giving him the same treatment. I licked around it's head and intuitively rubbed my tongue back and forth on the sensitive skin below his pee-hole. I don't know what I was expecting but I don't think I was ready for the discovery that cock tastes so good. 

I should have gone further but just had to pull away to see how he was working on my manhood as he increased the intensity of his sucking. Maybe it was selfish of me but I abandoned myself to enjoy this new pleasure with little thought what I could do for him in return.

I wanted this sensation to last forever but at this rate I wasn't going to hold back much longer and the best was yet to cum!

So engrossed were we that we were totally unaware that we were not alone! 

Suzie and Kim had decided it was too hot for shopping and, having bought a pair of skimpy bikinis each, had come back early. They had gone straight up to Suzie's room to change into their new bikinis and both stripped to the buff. 

The room overlooked the pool and Suzie had gone to the balcony while putting on her bikini bottom. It must have been quite early in Bob and my sex adventure but what she saw, stopped her in her tracks and she told me later she had to restrain herself squealing with amazement. She whispered to Kim to join her quickly. 

Kim, not yet in her bikini and also naked, came up behind Suzie and looked over her shoulder, her bare breasts brushing Suzie's back. She, too, had to stop herself shouting aloud and instead it was she who hurriedly whispered to Suzie to get the camcorder. 

Giggling to herself she grabbed the camera on its tripod and crept onto the balcony to set it up, focussing carefully on the action happening below. Then she crept back into the shadows to watch the show with Kim once again watching over her shoulder. 

"This is one hell of a turn on," whispered Kim.

"Who'd have thought that Bob bent both ways?" Suzie laughed.

As things hotted up by the pool Kim put her arms around Suzie with a hand on each breast, and she moved in closer so that her shaved mound was rubbing up against Suzie's bare arse. 

While Bob and I were engrossed in sex down below, it turns out that the girls were determined not to be left out of the fun!

Suzie put an arm behind her and, almost without thinking, began rubbing around Kim's sex, and Kim responded by dropping a hand onto Suzie's shaved mound, gently rubbing her palm around Suzie's clit and giving it a gentle pull between two fingers.

Suzie spread Kim's labia apart and slowly inserted a finger into the hole which was now dripping with desire. These girls were no strangers to each other's bodies and knew exactly what they both wanted.

Suddenly Suzie broke off and turned round to give Kim a long, lingering kiss full on the mouth, their tongues flicking together as their sexes rubbed together, clit-to-clit. Suzie moved her lips to Kim's neck nibbling and teasing her ear-lobe, then moved down to her breasts rolling her tongue round each nipple, gripping and pulling them with her lips. Kim's growing feeling of excitement was apparently made even greater by being able to see what we were up to at the poolside while Suzie was playing so deliciously with her body. 

Suzie dropped to the floor, kneeling with her face close to Kim's shaven mound and her hands went round Kim's waist to fondle her bum cheeks, running fingers up and down her crack and toying with her bum-hole. Suzie blew a soft breath on to those labia lips and leant forward to tease her clitoris with her tongue.

Kim was close to exploding with passion and desperately wanted to moan out loud but stopped herself, knowing that they didn't want to betray their presence to the two of us by the pool.

Seconds later, she came, gushing love juice onto Suzie's face, her whole body shuddered and she sighed as loud as she dare.

"Ye-e-e-es," said Suzie, licking the juices from her lips.

"I'm cumming Bob, I'm cumming......." I groaned but he didn't pull off my throbbing cock. Instead he seemed to bury his head even deeper so that I could feel the back of his throat as the first spurt of cum shot out . I thought he would gag but he just sucked and sucked with ever-increasing intensity at the same time as his hand gripped tighter on my balls. It's as if he was milking them dry and I have never experienced such an intense feeling.

When he pulled his head slowly up the length of my shaft, using his tongue to lick, tickle and stroke it, the sensitive feeling was almost too much to bear. I let out an enormous groan and lay back with my eyes closed.

Upstairs Kim dropped to her knees to kiss Suzie and whisper in her ear

"Now it's your turn my darling,"

"Uh, uh. Let's continue this outside. I think its time we joined the boys," said Suzie.