 I lay back on the mattress, eyes closed basking in the after effects of Bob's sensational blow job and wondering why it had taken me all these years before experimenting with another guy. My hand rested on his erect cock gently stroking it's length but I was still too caught up in my own feelings to worry about his.

"You'll have to do better than that," said Suzie making me jump up with a start.

"Where the hell did you spring from?" I yelled.

Suzie and Kim, both stark naked, were staring down at us with wicked smiles on their faces. How long had they been standing there I wondered. How much had they seen? And, worse, what would they feel about me doing it with Bob?

Well, judging by the look on their faces, they weren't exactly shocked or upset by it.

"So how long have you two been playing these games behind our backs?" asked Kim. My mind was racing, trying to think of an explanation but there was no way out of this as it must have been pretty obvious that I'd enjoyed the experience. Bob, too, although the shock of the sudden appearance of the girls had caused his erection to collapse! 

I pulled my hand away from Bob's cock and was really shocked when Suzie bent down to grab my hand and replace it, folding the fingers round his shaft.

"I think you owe him this," she said as she wrapped her hand around mine and worked it up and down his pole. Bob said nothing. He just stared at Suzie with a look of disbelief as his cock came back to life. 

Kim whispered something in Suzie's ear and Suzie giggled in reply. She asked Bob if he had done this kind of thing before and he stammered that, yes, he had ...... a few times.

"So have you fucked a guy before?" asked Kim.

"Er..... yes," said Bob obviously worried about the reaction.

"And would you like to fuck Chris?" There was definite mischief in Kim's voice and I lay there wondering what the hell was going to happen next. After a moment Bob nodded nervously. 

"That's just what I hoped you'd say," 

Kim took his hand and helped him get up off the mattress so that he was now standing between the two girls and they were all looking down at me lying back on the mattress nervously anticipating what was coming next.

Suzie and Kim knelt down on either side of me at cock level and started stroking around my cock and balls and the upper part of my legs. Bob looked down on this, cock in hand. Suzie told me to lift my arse and slid a thick cushion under me and, as she did so, Kim pulled my legs so that I ended with my bum in the air and legs wide apart. 

These girls were preparing me for a kind of ritual buggering, I thought. And I liked the thought!

Each girl seemed to know exactly what the other was doing. It was as if they had planned this whole thing. That began to look all the more likely when Suzie felt in her bag and produced a tube of KY Jelly. They signalled Bob to kneel down between my legs and, as Kim fondled his balls, Suzie rubbed some jelly on to his expectant shaft.

Wow! This was turning into a hell of a great day! My cock had now recovered from Bob's earlier work and was beginning to show signs of life again, especially when Suzie started applying the jelly to my bum-hole. At first she just gently rubbed it around the rim but then she slipped a jelly covered finger into me. It felt sensational.

She took Bob's hand, smeared some more jelly on his middle finger and guided him to my entrance. He pushed it straight in. I gasped at the shock and the slight pain but it took only a few seconds for me to begin to enjoy the feeling has he worked his finger around inside me. A finger was great but God, I thought, I'll never be able to take that cock in me. I was about to find out.

Kim took hold of Bob's throbbing tool and, as he shuffled into position on the mattress, she held it to my hole, rubbing it around the rim and then slowly feeding it into me. And when she took her hand away, Bob finished the job by forcing it further in, inch by amazing inch, I was surprised how easily it went in, and even more surprised at how great it felt. 

As he pushed harder Suzie's hand fondled my balls while Kim's was wrapped around my now fully erect cock. A guy couldn't ask for more!

All the way through sucking my cock, and the attention of the girls, Bob had held back but it was clear that he couldn't last for much longer. At first his strokes had been long and slow, in and out of my arse, but now he was thrusting hard and fast. I could feel his knob growing in me until it burst in an explosion of jizz.

"Ahhhhhhhh...hhhhhhh. Jeez," he groaned throwing his head back in ecstasy and crouching back on his ankles. I wanted him to keep it in me as the girls worked on my cock but moments later he slowly pulled it out, leaving me with a feeling of emptiness.

And the girls hadn't finished yet!

As Bob sat back recovering, Kim and Suzie moved round so that Kim was astride me guiding my cock into her dripping sex and Suzie sat astride my face rubbing her shaved pussy back and forth on my willing tongue. She was dripping juices and I eagerly sucked at her, searching her hole with my tongue and nibbling at her clit with my lips. 

Kim was bouncing up and down on me and her arms were outstretched tweaking Suzie's nipples and tits. Both girls were rapidly building to screaming point, and I wasn't far behind. Kim was first and shrieked aloud as I felt the muscles of her hole pulsate and grip me. That was enough to send me over the edge as I came for the second time that morning. My mouth still wrapped around Suzie's clit, I let out a long gasp of delight and she, too, came with a squeal, dripping a tide of love juices into my mouth.

None of us moved for what seemed like an age but then Kim pulled herself off my cock and Suzie raised herself from my face which was now soaked. We all collapsed back on the mattress, sighing, groaning, moaning with delight. 

The two girls lay down next to each other and when I turned to look at them they were lying with eyes closed, Suzie with her hand on Kim's shaved pussy and Kim doing the same for Suzie, their fingers delicately stroking each other and rubbing around their mounds. 

When Kim had first suggested spending a month in this remote French farmhouse I had thought that we would all die of boredom within a week. But here we were after just a few days and already it was turning into the holiday experience of a lifetime 

I don't know how long we lay there but after a while my eyes strayed towards the house, looking up at the bedroom balcony. What I saw suddenly made me wide awake again.

There on the balcony was the camera, it's unblinking eye pointing straight down at us

"What the hell......" I shrieked and the other three sat up with a start, following my gaze.

"Ah" said Suzie stifling a laugh. "I'd forgotten all about that."

"Has that thing been filming us all along?" asked Bob.

"Yep" she giggled, getting up to move to the house. Moments later she appeared on the balcony picking up the camera and fiddling with the controls. She looked at the small screen,

"Yep. It's all here," she called down to us. "Every last detail."

Bob and I stared at each other with thoughts of the tape falling into the wrong hands and our reputations on the line.

"Well, look on the bright side," he said. "French television is rubbish and at least now we'll have something worth watching tonight!" And with that, he got up, strolled to the pool and dived in. It wasn't long before the rest of us joined him, splashing around in our nakedness and enjoying the cool water after the heat of our exertions.

The rest of the afternoon was spent round the pool swimming, chatting, eating and drinking wine. None of us bothered to put clothes on again and it seemed to be the most natural thing in the world to be doing all this while completely naked with no thoughts of more sex. Well not yet anyway! Even when the sun went down, it was still warm and sultry so, back indoors we remained in the buff. 

As Suzie and Kim prepared supper, Bob and I were in the big sitting room engrossed in transferring the camera tape to a DVD. We didn't look at it all the way through, saving that delight for later, but the bits we did see soon got the two of us in the mood for more games with our cocks beginning to rise to the occasion!

The feelings weren't helped when the naked girls came into the room carrying trays of bread, dips, olives and other tasty snacks. And, of course, more wine.

"I can see you two are pleased to see us, then," said Kim. "Or have you been playing games with each other again?"

"Not yet," I insisted. I started the DVD and the picture came up on the big plasma screen. It was the bit where Bob had begun licking my expectant cock. I was mesmerised by it and just wanted to sit down on the sofa with the girls and re-live the whole experience. But Suzie had other ideas. 

"To make supper a bit more interesting, Kim and I have thought up a new way of serving it," said Suzie with a sexy smile, ordering us to kneel down in front of them, frustratingly with our backs to the television screen but a great view in front!

She and Kim sat back on the sofa. 

Suzie took a dish of taramasalata .... a delicious, light fish-roe dip ....and scooped out a large dollop with her fingers. She smeared it over Kim's left tit, giving her nipple a playful tweak as she did so. Kim, too, took a handful of the paste and smeared it on Suzie's tit. They did the same on the other tit with a yoghurt dish.

"And now, gentlemen, for the main dish of the day."

Suzie picked up a jug which contained a thick white, cheesy paste which she poured slowly and deliberately over Kim's shaven pussy, using her fingers to spread it around Kim's labia. Then, giggling, she picked up a long thin Frankfurter sausage, provocatively running her fingers up and down its length. 

She put it to her lips and sucked it provocatively, looking over my shoulders at the action on the TV screen as she did so.

"It may be a bit thinner than yours Chris but I think this is what Bob was doing to you," and she pushed the sausage all the way into he mouth so that it was touching the back of her throat. Slowly she pulled it out and bent forward over Kim's glistening sex.

She used her fingers to spread Kim's lips and held the sausage at the entrance to her cunt before slowly inserting the entire six inches or so until only the tip remained. With Kim's wetness, it slipped in easily.

Suzie lay back on the sofa, spread her legs and applied the same treatment to her own cunt, first pouring the sauce over her shaved mound and then playing with a sausage before pushing it inside her. She winked down at Bob, crouching between her legs. 

"Now as we watch the show, you can tuck in, boys," she said. We didn't need to be asked twice and eagerly bent forward, Bob almost leaping onto Suzie's food-covered tits and licking frantically all around them. I did the same with Kim pushing as much of her tit as possible into my mouth and sucking at the nipple.

What happened next is a blur as the four of us smeared more food on our bodies to be licked and sucked off by the nearest mouth. Sue and Kim got themselves into a 69 position and started on the sausages buried in each others' cunts while Bob and I looked on, eagerly fondling each others' cocks.

With their lips, the girls sucked out short lengths of the Frankfurters, licking them dry, nibbling them and swallowing them bit by bit. And when they had finished they turned their attention to their swollen clits.

We could hear that there was still action on the TV screen but the four of us were far to engrossed in the live action all around us.

Suzie broke off, got on all fours between Kim's legs and pushed another Frankfurter into Kim. She put her mouth to that dripping sex, tenderly took the sausage between her teeth and moved it in and out of Kim with long slow deliberate strokes, stopping occasionally to lick around Kim's swollen clit. 

As she did so Bob positioned himself behind her and held the tip of his cock at her bum-hole. There was no need for lube as she was soaked in her own, and possibly Suzie's juices. Bob thrust into her and Suzie screamed, partly through pain and partly through a sublime feeling of ecstasy. Seconds later she screamed again as her orgasm overcame her. 

I was thinking that this was the second time today Bob had found himself buried deep in someone's arse. He thrust harder, the strokes speeded up and he, too, came with an ecstatic groan

Suzie collapsed off Kim and I quickly moved in, wrapping Kim's legs around me as I pushed into her with rapid, deep strokes. It wasn't long before my cock exploded inside and that was enough to send her over the edge in orgasm as well. 

The four of us fell in a heap, legs, arms and bodies wrapped around each other. Nothing was said. The DVD on the television had come to an end, unwatched. And when Kim suggested going to bed to recover, the rest of us wearily agreed.

What a day it had been. Could things get any better, I wondered.

Well, tomorrow was another day!