 The sun was streaming through the big windows when I awoke, wondering for those first few seconds where I was. Then the memories of last night started flooding back into my mind and, for a moment, I wondered if it might all have been just a dream.

Kim was lying next to me, naked and curled up in the foetal position.

I looked across the room and in the other bed saw Suzie, naked and wrapped around Bob. At some time they must have decided to sleep in our room rather than go back to their own. So last night was no dream after all.

I lay there for some time running through all that had happened over the past 24 hours: my first time with another guy when Bob had fondled and sucked my cock by the poolside; the girls joining us there and helping Bob to take me up the arse; Suzie and Kim licking and sucking each other; and all those crazy games with the food. Just thinking about it made my cock spring to attention again. 

Kim was sound asleep but I cuddled into her back in the spoons position with my cock rubbing against the crack of her butt hoping she may wake and get the message. She moved slightly so that my cock slid into the tight gap at the top of her legs. She moved her legs to trap it there and we lay like that for ages, slowly rocking our hips together.

I could sense Kim's growing passion when suddenly I thought I heard a noise downstairs.

"What was that?" I raised my head from the pillow to hear better and I heard it again. It sounded like someone humming and singing to themselves and there were the sounds of plates and glasses being moved around.

By now Kim had heard it too and raised her head. All thoughts of an early morning sex session suddenly seemed to disappear!

"There's definitely someone downstairs," I whispered. And then it dawned on her.

When we arrived at this French farmhouse at the start of the week, we'd been greeted by a young girl called Monique. Apparently she was the daughter of the owner and it was her job to come in every other day to help clean the place and to find out if there was anything we needed. Her English was good while none of us spoke much French so we thought Monique could be useful for finding out what went on in the area. As it happened, nothing much went on round there so we had to make our own entertainment!

Monique was a stunning looker. She must have been about 18 with long dark hair and beautiful dark eyes. She had that kind of soft olive complexion which so many French girls seem to have. I confess that when we met I did have thoughts about her that went way beyond her cleaning activities!

"God! The place must be in a hell of a mess down there," whispered Kim. "Do you suppose she'll guess what we've been up to?"

"She'd have to be pretty stupid not to," I replied.

The sound of clearing dishes died away and was replaced by another scarier one. ..... the unmistakable soundtrack of that DVD which had recorded all our group fun from yesterday! We must have left it in the machine and it had started playing when she switched on the TV. Kim and I looked at each other, wondering what to do next and it was some time before either of us moved.

"I'm going to have to go downstairs and say something," said Kim.

"What exactly can you say?" I queried

Kim didn't reply but just slid out of bed slipping a long silk robe over her naked body. My mind was torn between being embarrassed about Monique seeing our sexual adventures, and feeling upset that I'd suddenly been deprived of a morning screw.

Kim walked silently downstairs but stopped halfway at the sight of Monique who appeared to be totally transfixed by the action on the TV screen. Not surprising. It was the bit where the two girls had hold of Bob's cock and were guiding it towards my arsehole!

Monique was wearing just a pair of very short, cut-off jeans and a plain white t-shirt. With no bra it was plain for Kim to see that the TV pictures were having an effect. Monique's breasts were small and pert, and her nipples pressed hard against the material. Kim couldn't see exactly but one hand seemed to be at her front, stroking her crotch on the outside of her shorts.

"Enjoying the show?" asked Kim after a while. The poor girl almost jumped in the air with the shock of being caught. She stammered something in French before nervously saying:

"Sorry. I am zo sorry. Please forgive me......" Kim had to interrupt all Monique's blushing apologies. She was obviously deeply embarrassed and when Kim pointed out that perhaps it was us who should be embarrassed Monique started to go into a long garbled explanation as to why she was so fascinated by the pictures.

It turns out that she came from a very strict and religious family who considered sex a dirty word. As an 18 year old her friends often talked about sex and their boyfriends but Monique's mother and father had always prevented her from having any relationship. Only recently had she managed to escape their clutches to have illicit meetings and her first tentative sexual exploration with her first boyfriend.

"You're not still a virgin?" asked Kim incredulously. Monique blushed even redder.

"Not virgin, no," she replied. "Once I have, how you say, make love. Only once. So I have no experience. I see zees pictures and I learn, no?" The girl began to smile less nervously.

"And who is the lucky boy who has made love just once?" asked Kim. Monique explained that he was called Gerard and he was the young gardener who came to work in the vegetable garden next door. That was how they met. Her parents did not think to check up on her when she came to do cleaning work at the house.

By now Monique was relaxing and getting over her embarrassment. The two girls made a cup of coffee and chatted frankly about men, relationships and sex, and even doing it with other girls. Monique seemed far from shocked by it all.

"There is so much that I have to learn," she said.

"Well, I think you might have just found yourself a good teacher," joked Kim.

"Will you teach me then?"

"You have no idea how much pleasure that would give me," replied Kim with a beaming smile. And at that moment, I strolled into the room. 

"Meet my assistant teacher," said Kim introducing me to Monique for the second time that week, then taking her by the hand she led the way out to the pool. I wasn't too sure what was happening but could sense the sexual excitement and followed them out.

"OK," said Kim when we got to the poolside mattress, "Monique has seen what goes on here so I think it's a good place to start." She untied the belt around her robe, slipped the silk material off her shoulders and let it fall to the ground leaving her standing there completely and beautifully naked. I may have seen her like this a hundred times before, but it never failed to cause a stirring in my cock.

"Your turn, Monique," said Kim

The lovely French girl suddenly appeared nervous and very hesitantly pulled her t-shirt up over her head, exposing the most perfect young breasts I had seen for many years. They were, I guessed, no more than a size 32 but were perfectly formed with beautiful erect nipples pointing straight out. She may have been nervous but this was obviously turning her on.

For a moment she stood there wondering what to do next but then Kim pointed at her shorts and signalled her to take them down.

Monique turned her back on us, undid the waist button and slowly pulled the shorts and her panties down her tanned legs, revealing a really wonderful, pert little arse with the white mark of a bikini bottom. This arse hadn't been exposed to the sun, I thought. It was the sort of rear that cried out to be stroked, fondled and explored. 

She stepped out of the shorts and, nervous again, turned round to face us, her hands firmly clamped over her bush. 

Kim just shook her head at Monique and the French girl got the message. She whipped her hands away and held them out by her side in a gesture which said 'here I am, what do you think?'

Well, I know what I was thinking! Monique had the most sexy figure, but her bush was the hairiest I had ever seen. Somewhere, buried in the lot was a cunt which I couldn't wait to see. Kim must have been thinking the same as Monique caught us both staring straight at her overgrown beaver. Her hands quickly went back to cover it up embarrassed again.

"Is very, how you say........" asked Monique.

"Er, hairy!" said I

"But we can do something about that, if you want," Kim quickly added.

"You mean to be like you," asked Monique looking at Kim's glistening hairless pussy which Kim was gently stroking as she stood there.

"Ummm," said Kim. 

Many doubts must have been going through her mind for it seemed to take her ages to answer.

"D'accord," she said "Alright"

Kim told us both to wait while she went back into the house and, as she passed me whispered to me to get stripped as well, not that I needed much encouragement. My prick was bursting to be set free.

When she was gone, I dropped my shorts and stepped out of them, causing Monique to turn away unsure of where to look.

"It's OK," I said "We're not shy here" 

"Shy?" she asked not understanding the English word

"Doesn't matter. Fancy a swim?" And without waiting for an answer I dived into the pool. 

I was hoping she would join me in the water but, instead, she sat down on the mattress and watched me as I floated on my back, my prick standing like a mast as I anticipated the action to come.

Kim soon came out of the house again, this time carrying what I called her 'games kit' ..... a large bag which seemed to contain everything a girl, or boy needed for a really good time. Many a time I had been amazed at how the bag contained everything a person might need for every possible occasion! 

She was followed out of the house by Bob and Suzie who had woken up at last, wrapped towels round their naked bodies and come to investigate what was going on. I should think they were pleasantly surprised! 

From the pool I watched as they went up to Monique sitting on the mattress. They talked for a few minutes, during which Bob and Suzie let the towels drop so that they were standing there naked as well. The French girl lay back on the mattress and I decided it was high time to get out the pool and join in the fun.

I quickly pulled myself out of the water, towelled myself dry and crouched down opposite Kim. Between us was Monique's beautiful, naked body laid flat and waiting for treatment. It was like a scene from those games of doctors and nurses we played as kids.

Bob, in the meantime had moved to a sun-lounger, and Suzie sat down with him between his open legs. His hands went straight to her tits as they settled down to watch Kim and me working on Monique.

From her bag Kim pulled out some hair clippers, an electric razor and some skin cream .... I told you that bag had everything! 

I knew exactly what my role was going to be. My sister had trained me well when we were teenagers. Every few weeks she used to call me into her bedroom where she'd lay naked on the bed and have me shave her pussy, but that's another story!

I used my hands and wide-spread fingers to tighten the skin around Monique's cunt as Kim tackled the dense mass of pubes with the clippers. Monique raised herself on her arms to gaze down in wonderment at what was happening to her most private area, every now and then letting out a little whimper of delight.

Clumps of pubic hair fell on the mattress as we worked our way closer to the lips of her pussy. I spread those lips with one hand and, with the other, I slowly pushed first one finger, then two inside her moist hole. She fell back flat on the mattress again with a loud groan of pleasure and Kim delicately shaved the hair round those most sensitive areas.

With my fingers moving inside her I used my thumb to stroke and rub her clit, which was standing erect like a tiny, excited prick. When Kim finished the shaving she started rubbing the cream all around Monique's pussy, then sat back to admire her work. I could resist that clit no longer, pulled my fingers out of Monique and bent down to lick it gently with the tip of my tongue. Monique's moans came faster and louder.

I licked as far into her hole as I could then up to her clit again, grasping it with my lips and sucking it hard. And that was enough to push her over the edge. Her face and breasts began to flush bright red and she let out a loud scream of delight as she came with the biggest orgasm of her life. And still she screamed for what seemed like minutes.

From the corner of my eye I caught sight of Suzie who was now bouncing on Bob with his cock buried deep inside her. They, too were rapidly building to a climax.

Kim changed position with me to crouch on hands and knees between Monique's legs and bent her head down to that newly shaved pussy taking over where I'd left off, licking and sucking at the French girls flowing juices. One hand moved up Monique's body to grasp a breast squeezing tight on the nipple. 

"Non! Non! Non!!" Monique cried trying to move Kim's mouth away from her cunt, still so sensitive from her cumming. But Kim persevered and Monique gave up the fight, abandoning herself to another building climax.

I lay back on the mattress eagerly taking in the beautiful sight and my hand unconsciously stroking my prick. When Kim saw me she moved herself up Monique's body so that she was laying flat on the French girl, breast to breast their shaven cunts rubbing into each other. She kissed Monique passionately on the mouth and probed her with her tongue giving her a taste of her own juices. 

After a few moments like this she whispered something in Monique's ear and both girls moved toward me, crouching on the mattress and taking up position on either side of my prick. Together they lent forward and began licking along each side of my shaft. One would take a ball into her mouth and the other would put her lips around the head, sucking nibbling and teasing the underside with her tongue.

I was at bursting point when, again, the girls changed position. This time Monique straddled my body and gently lowered herself down on my prick. Kim had hold of it and guided it into Monique's eagerly welcoming hole and, as the French girl eased herself up and down my shaft, Kim rubbed her newly shaven pussy and played with her clit between two fingers. 

Monique began to build up her screams of passion again and I could hold back no longer. I thrust up into her as hard and as far as I could as my cock seemed to burst spraying cum deep inside her. I groaned in ecstasy. She screamed in climax.

Exhausted I collapsed back as she slowly lifted herself of me. 

The sound of her screams stayed with me and I found myself thinking how grateful I was that we were in a very remote farmhouse with no-one around for miles.

Or were we?