 It was the mid-80s and I was a Navy officer stationed on a destroyer cruising the Mediterranean. We stopped in Cannes, France for a 3 day port call. I was roaming the streets of the city and dropped into a little bistro. There were quite a few people there, including some very attractive women. I tried to remember my high school French to talk to the waitress when I heard a voice behind me say "your are an American, aren't you?" The accent was mid-Western and I turned and saw two very attractive American women in their mid-20s. The one who spoke, Brenda was her name I learned, spoke perfect French and translated for me. Brenda invited me to join her and her companion, Trudy, for a drink. 

Brenda was fairly tall, about 5'-9", slender with a nice figure and flaming red hair. Trudy was a petite brunette with a killer body. They were high school French teachers from Wisconsin on spring break. We chatted amiably for about 45 minutes over glasses of wine. The ladies said they were going to do more exploring and invited me to join them. I would have been a fool to forego the company of two such beautiful women.

We wandered through the seaside town popping into little shops and looking at all the sidewalk artists displaying their wares. I was mostly talking with Brenda and after a few hours we got separated from Trudy who was more interested in speaking French with the locals. Afternoon became evening and I invited Brenda to have dinner with me.

We found a little restaurant with sidewalk seating and ate some of the most delicious seafood I had ever tasted. The meal was accompanied by two bottles of a very good Chardonnay. Our conversation got quite flirtatious after we talked about my bad divorce and her broken engagement. I sensed that Brenda was as lonely and horny as I was.

I walked her back to her hotel holding hands. I embraced her in the hotel lobby and kissed her. She responded enthusiastically and our kisses became passionate. Brenda invited me to her room. It was a fairly small room with two beds which she shared with Trudy. Brenda kissed me and said, "Trudy is a night owl. She won't be back for a long time yet so we have the room to ourselves." 

We laid on the bed and began to make out. My hands roamed all over her body. I began to undress her very slowly. I unbuttoned her blouse and put my hands inside rubbing her back as I kissed her neck. My fingers found her bra hooks and I deftly undid them. She smiled at me as I slipped off her blouse and she let her bra drop. Her tits were firm and she had puffy nipples, a particular turn on for me. I began to lick and suck her nipples while my hand travelled further south. My fingers reached her pussy and found them already soaking wet. Now I was in a hurry to get the last of her clothes off. Once her shorts and panties were discarded, I began to kiss my way down to her vagina. My tongue met her clitoris and I soon had her moaning and telling me how good it felt.

I took a short break to take all my clothes off and, once I was naked, Brenda reached for my cock and started to play with it. We soon went into the 69 position but I couldn't take it very long and told her I did not want to cum too soon. I looked into her deep green eyes and said "I want you, now." Just as I was entering her the door opened and Trudy walked into the room.

"Oooh, I'm sorry, I didn't know. I um ah." Trudy was obviously a little tipsy and was transfixed on the spot, seemingly unable to move. I tried to cover myself but then Trudy floored me when she said, "oh my God, I am so damn horny. May I join you?"

I could not believe what was happening. Brenda asked me if I minded. Minded? A second lovely lady wanting to climb into bed with me - of course, I did not mind. Trudy quickly stripped and stood there looking at us. She had large boobs for such a petite woman and she had a shaved pussy, which was unusual in the 1980s.

Trudy approached the bed and put a hand on my cock and fondled Brenda's breasts with the other hand. Brenda appeared slightly embarrassed and told me that they sometimes "played" together since neither one was having a very good love life. I was beyond thrilled with the idea of a threesome. I had experienced one about 12 years prior and dreamed of the day when it might happen again.

We made a group hug and started kissing each other while six hands explored breasts, vaginas and my cock. I laid Trudy on the bed and started to kiss my way down her body. Brenda started making out with Trudy while my tongue found its way to Trudy's pussy. I went to work on her clitoris and it didn't take very long to bring her to a tremendous orgasm. 

"Fuck me first!" Brenda demanded, "after all, I'm the one who got you into bed." Both of them were on birth control, they told me, so I didn't have to worry if I had enough condoms. 

I took Brenda doggie style and found her love hole so tight, it was like a soft, moist glove was gripping my cock. I began to fuck her while Trudy positioned herself in front of Brenda and spread her legs. Brenda began to orally service her while I began to fuck harder. When I felt an orgasm coming on, I would hold back so I could last longer. Brenda lifted her head from Trudy's pussy saying, "I am going to cum." She repeated this several times, each time louder than before until she buried her head in the pillow and we heard a muffled cry "I am cumming!" 

We stopped for glass of wine and then I started on Trudy. I stood on the side of the bed and pulled her feet up to my shoulders and started pounding away. Brenda was playing with Trudy's luscious tits, fondling and kissing them. It took all my self control to hold off my orgasm so I could pleasure Trudy. She was able to keep her cries quieter when her orgasm hit - the walls of the hotel were pretty thin. 

I pulled out of Trudy and Brenda asked me if I had cum. I had not. The ladies made me lay down and both of them began to lick and suck my cock. Looking down at two lovely women each running their lips up and down one side of my cock was the most erotic sight I had ever seen. They both began to lick my cock head, flicking their tongues over my piss slit. I warned them I was about to shoot a big load but Trudy cried "cum on my tits." 

"Cum on both our tits," Brenda said. So, I obliged them. It was like a scene from a porno film. I pumped string after string of hot cum spraying both of their boobs.

We drank some more wine and chatted while sitting naked on the bed. We had one more bout of love-making before I had to leave. Sad to say, my ship pulled out the next morning and I never saw them again. I will never forget them, though.