 With thanks to Le Beau Marquis for editing and help with the French.

*****

"Mademoiselle Na, please remain after class, s'il-vous-plaît," the professor's voice rang out commandingly.

Li's heart skipped a beat as she heard her name being called. Had she done something wrong? Surely she couldn't be failing. She replaced her things in her backpack and approached the professor's desk as the last of her classmates filed out the door.

"Oui, professeur, is there a problem?" she asked demurely, fearing the worst.

"Mademoiselle Na, I have had many Asian students since I have been teaching at this college. And all have been excellent students, and I do not mean to imply that you are no less a student than any other, in fact you are a bright young woman. Yet, as a rule, Asian students get As, in fact there is an Internet meme to that effect." He paused. "But you, Mademoiselle Na, are getting a B, with only a few weeks left in the term." He held her dark eyes with his own steely blue ones.

Li couldn't believe what she was hearing. A B? Unheard of. She felt she was doing well learning French. Better than English certainly, but both languages were so different from her native tongue. And throw technical languages in on top of that, and she had to admit that she was being bombarded with languages. Still, she had tried hardest to learn the language of her host country.

"Désolé, professeur, I didn't realize I was not meeting your strict standards. I'm glad you have brought this to my attention, monsieur. What can I do to improve my grade?" she asked, as she lowered her gaze apprehensively, knowing what the handsome professor would expect her to do. What she would surely do if asked. After arriving in France, she had quickly learned what would be expected of her. Her heart raced, her pussy tingled at the prospect.

She heard his zipper open quietly, the rustle of silk as he freed his cock from his trouser fly. She lifted her gaze. His cock stood up thick and long. The crown was red with his arousal. A drop of pre-cum glistened in the afternoon light of the silent classroom.

Li knelt between her professor's legs and took his cock in her hand. Bigger than any she'd seen previously, she was nervous about pleasing him, satisfying his demand. She would certainly try her best. She kissed the head and swirled her tongue around its contours.

She looked into his eyes as she took the head fully into her mouth and proceeded to take just another inch while stroking what she didn't yet have in her mouth.

Li loved sucking big cocks and couldn't get enough of them now that she was in France where big cocks were the norm rather than the exception. In fact, the promise of big cocks was what had brought Li to this college in the west. She'd had her first taste when one of her father's western colleagues had implied that he could sponsor her scholarship here - if she showed a proper eagerness to learn. She had spent the night in his bed and had flown to Paris the following summer. Entertaining "le gros salaud" when he was in town was a price she'd pay for the opportunity.

Now, she concentrated on the cock she was presently trying to get fully into her mouth. She had half of her professor's length beginning its slow slide into her throat. Her jaw began to ache pleasantly. She gagged a little and took a breath through her nose. She felt his hand in her hair, pressing her forward. His cock sank fully into her willing mouth. She adjusted her angle to better accommodate the intrusion of his cock as it settled deep in her throat.

He continued to hold her head in place a moment before allowing her to withdraw and lick around his crown again. While she continued to work a few inches of his cock in and out of her mouth, she stroked the base and cradled his balls tenderly.

Before long, he was preparing to blow his load down her throat. He held her hair and dictated the movements of her head upon his shaft.

Li knew she was about to receive a big hot load of jism in her mouth and she was expected to swallow it. She was getting better at predicting when her lovers would come, but she was surprised yet again.

Her professor's cum suddenly hit the back of her throat and she gagged a little while trying to keep it from escaping her mouth and dripping onto her blouse. He relaxed his grip on her hair and she was able to lick up a few drops of cum that remained on his cock or was still just seeping out.

"Très bien, Mademoiselle Na," he complimented her as he returned his cock to his pants and zipped up. "Do you have any plans for this Saturday evening?"

"I have to work until close every Saturday night," she replied as she straightened her clothes and collected her backpack.

"Where do you work?"

"I'm a waitress at le Coq d'Or, monsieur."

"Then you shall expect me to drop by le Coq d'Or with my wife just before closing this Saturday. You will accompany us to our home," he stated imperiously, "d'accord, mademoiselle?"

"Oui, monsieur, avec plaisir," Li heard herself replying without a further thought.

She departed the classroom and returned home with wild thoughts running through her head. Had she really just agreed to spend the night with her professor and his wife?

Li had never been with a couple or a woman, but she knew it was something the French were known for. The idea had excited her ever since arriving in the City of Light, and she was intrigued by the possibility that she might sample all the pleasures that Paris offered. Surely a distinguished man such as he would have a similarly attractive wife, befitting his stature in the academic community.

*****

Li's apartment wasn't overly luxurious by Paris standards, but it was a fabulous palace by student standards. Her sponsor had kept one of his mistresses in it until she had left him. Letting Li use it meant he knew where he could find her when the urge struck. He rarely visited and never unexpectedly. But, mon dieu, that girl could suck the cum right out of his hairy fucking balls.

The renovations to make the apartment suited for la maîtresse had resulted in a bed chamber with en suite bath that allowed a lover lying in bed to watch his partner wash herself. Li discarded her clothes as she navigated the suite then stepped into the large shower stall and was soon engulfed in a cloud of steam.

She loved showering in this decadent suite, so unlike back home. Here, the water was always hot and plentiful so she could luxuriate while she washed her long black hair. The soap was fragrant as it caressed her diminutive curves and made her feel sexy in a way that was new to her. Her slender frame hadn't seemed very feminine to her in times past, but now she tended to be happier with her body. Maybe that was maturity or maybe that was a result of being seen as an exotic beauty rather than just another girl with no tits. She caressed her small breasts. Her nipples hardened at her touch. Weren't small tits just as good as big ones? Maybe even better? After all, she could go braless without attracting as much attention as the girls with big tits. A little bigger would be nice, but, as the Internet meme went, Asians get As and she would be happy with that.

Her pussy started to tingle as she washed it. She sat on the little bench in the shower and used the hand-held massager to stimulate her sex. This was something that le gros salaud had showed her the first night he had stayed. She had never dreamed that such an extraordinary device could exist.

The pulsing water jets pounded her labia rhythmically while she rubbed her clit to bring herself closer to orgasm. Her imagination formed a mental image of a sophisticated Parisian woman between her thighs, touching her, licking her clit, and she allowed this unknown woman to bring her over the edge. She came with an extended moan escaping her lips.

"Magnifique," she heard the phantom woman whisper as she faded. Li opened her eyes. The fingers in her pussy were no longer the woman's, but her own.

Li realized she had spent too long masturbating in the shower and now had to hurry to get to work on time.

*****

The next few days flew by and suddenly it was Saturday afternoon and Li was getting dressed for her shift at the bar. Thursday afternoon she had visited the salon for a fresh waxing so she'd be totally smooth. And this afternoon a package had arrived containing the new G-strings she had ordered online. She slid the white ones up her legs and into place, covering her pussy with just enough material to satisfy the dress code her boss had in place - "my girls may dress like high class call-girls, but they are not whores," he had berated many a customer who had gotten too free with his hands.

The tiny G-string formed itself to the contours of her pussy, providing a hint of camel-toe. Wearing only the G-string, she looked at herself in the mirror. She liked what see saw. Turning, she checked how the back looked, disappearing into the cleft of her ass. She thought her ass still looked like a boy's ass, but she was happy with it and many men seemed to enjoy groping it surreptitiously while she worked.

Pleased with the effect the tiny panties had, she fetched her "Saturday skirt" from her closet. This skirt was the shortest she had. It attracted more roaming hands than the others and yielded bigger tips. She zipped the small garment into place around her slender waist and went to select a blouse. The boss insisted his girls wear a white blouse, black skirt, and heels. Brassieres not required. Li had no need for a bra, so she never wore one while working.

The only time she seemed to wear a bra was when le gros salaud took her to the symphony or other high-class event where having her nipples poking out would be très gauche. He could be seen with a much younger woman, but only so long as she remained ladylike. Li had quickly learned how to behave when in public with her sponsor. Most evenings out with him were announced by the arrival of a new dress she was expected to wear. Such elegant attire was otherwise beyond her means and she enjoyed dressing up and being seen in Paris society.

She strapped on her highest pair of heels and had another look at herself in the mirror. The heels made her legs look fabulous, the skirt barely covered her pussy and ass, and the blouse was sheer enough that in the dim light of the bar, her café au lait areolas would only just be discernible. She knew she was expected to dress to appeal to the men drinking in the bar, and she enjoyed playing the role her boss demanded - not too slutty, yet not too classy either.

With her red lipstick just right, she departed for work. Tonight promised pleasures she'd not yet explored. She was excited.

*****

The evening passed as usual, but as closing time approached, Li kept watching the door. She was sure her professor and his wife would not stand her up.

Li finally saw her professor escort his wife into the dimly-lit room a half-hour before close. "Bonsoir Madame et Monsieur," she greeted them cheerfully, "may I get you something to drink?" The couple ordered cognac and Li went to fetch it.

When she returned with the order, she stayed a moment so introductions could be made. The professor's wife was Josephine, and Li could now see that she was younger than her husband and perhaps only ten years older than Li herself. She was beautiful, and Li's pussy tingled at the thought that she would soon be making love with this elegant woman.

Josephine's eyes sparkled in the candlelight as she held Li's gaze. "You still intend to come home with us, mademoiselle?" the older woman asked, daring her to back out.

"Oui, madame," Li replied without hesitation.

"Bien," was the women's curt reply.

Li attended to some other customers then returned to the couple. "Would you like anything else before we close?" she asked as she cleared away the empty glasses.

Li felt the woman's hand caress her thigh, make its way up her leg, under her skirt, and squeeze the ass-cheek nearer her. "What we would like we will get at home, mademoiselle, n'est-ce pas?"

"Oui, madame," Li replied, "avec plaisir."

Li shivered with anticipation as the woman stroked a finger down her ass-crack before slipping her hand back out from under her skirt.

"Bien."

The older woman's smile and overt sexuality had made Li's pussy tingle even more strongly.

*****

As planned, when the bar closed, Li accompanied the couple to their home. Entering the drawing room, Josephine asked Li to unzip her dress. Li did and the dress crumpled in a heap at her feet. Josephine turned and stood before Li totally naked. To Li's inexperienced eye, her breasts appeared to be in the C-cup range and well-formed. She reached out to caress the older woman's breasts, the only ones she'd touched other than her own.

Josephine soon had Li's blouse unbuttoned and was returning her caresses. Li dropped her blouse and continued to explore Josephine's body with her hands.

The two women were kissing when the professor entered with three glasses of wine. "You like her, chérie?" he asked, knowing the answer.

"She's wonderful, Jean," Josephine replied. She accepted a glass and the trio drank together. "You have excelled in your choice once again."

"Mademoiselle," she continued, looking into Li's eyes, "before we go any further. Please rest assured that my husband will be granting you the A you deserve even if you back out now." She paused to give the girl an opportunity to do so. "Jean sometimes threatens a student with a B merely because he feels the student isn't reaching her potential in embracing our language and culture."

Her husband clarified, "Li, your grasp of French is technically excellent - deserving of an A in all respects - but I hope we can give you a fuller appreciation of the more casual aspects of the language."

Josephine held Li's eyes with her own once more and completed the invitation, "and there is nowhere more casual than a bedroom, n'est-ce pas?"

"Oui, I have been looking forward to this since I arrived in France," Li replied excitedly.

Li resumed kissing Josephine and didn't notice her professor unzipping her skirt until it fell to the floor beside her discarded blouse.

Josephine led the girl to the bedroom.

The two women continued to kiss as they lay on the bed. The man disrobed and sat in a chair, watching them get to know each other.

Josephine slid Li's G-string off, caressed her pussy, and asked, "have you been waxing long?"

"Since I arrived in Paris. It was one of the first things I did to help me feel more Parisian. I like it. It feels so sexy."

"D'accord," Josephine responded. "You touch your chatte frequently?"

"Nearly every day. Mostly in the shower while it's wet and slippery."

Josephine was rubbing the girl's clit now, Li was responding accordingly. "You like having me stroke your chatte, chérie?"

"Oui," Li replied, "men are not so gentle."

"Men must be properly trained in how to please a woman, n'est-ce pas, Jean?" she asked her husband.

"Certainement, and Paris has the best teachers."

Josephine smiled, then lowered her mouth to Li's pussy and sucked her clit.

"Oh, Josephine, oui," Li whispered in rapture.

Josephine buried her face in Li's pussy and licked up her juices. After a few minutes of licking and sucking, she began fucking the girl with two fingers and Li was soon experiencing an orgasm like she'd never had before.

"Oh, Josephine, Josephine, oui, I'm coming!" Li thrashed on the bed as her orgasm rolled through her.

Afterward, she lay on the bed, legs splayed wide, her new lover laying between her thighs, as she recovered her breath. "Oh, chère Josephine. Never... never before has it ever been like that," she was eventually able to utter.

Josephine stroked Li's thigh. "Are you ready to eat my chatte, chérie?" she asked.

"I've never..." Li began to explain.

"Simply do what I just did for you, the things you enjoyed."

"I enjoyed it all, Josephine."

Li sat up and prepared to switch places with Josephine. The older woman spread her legs to give the girl better access to her pussy. Li inhaled the scent of Josephine's pussy. She took a first tentative lick at Josephine's prominent clit.

Josephine cooed. She loved having a new lover experiment on her; it was the main reason she had asked her husband to bring girls home from school. He had brought several home over the years and none had disappointed, but this exotic beauty, totally inexperienced in pleasuring a woman, could be his best discovery yet. She lost herself in pleasure, occasionally providing feedback to this latest ingénue as she performed wonders with her fingers and tongue.

Li explored and played with Josephine's pussy. She delighted in the new scents and tastes and textures she was experiencing.

Josephine could sense Li becoming more comfortable with enjoying an activity she may have been raised to consider taboo. She began to enjoy the sensations that this girl was providing her. Her orgasm built deep inside her, beginning to coalesce.

"Oui, Li, keep doing that," Josephine implored.

Li had been fucking Josephine's pussy with two fingers while licking her clit with the flat of her tongue. She kept doing that as she felt her lover begin to rub her pussy against her face.

Josephine felt her orgasm surge within her, she quaked and called out her bliss as Li continued to stimulate her pussy just the way she liked most. She came.

Li enjoyed making another woman climax and knew she would do it as often as she could. While Josephine recovered, Li lay beside her to caress her breasts and suck her nipples.

Josephine stroked Li's hair tenderly, savoring the intimacy she felt with her latest lover. Some girls her husband brought her were reluctant to let themselves expand their sexual horizons, but Li was obviously one of the young women who not only were eager to sample forbidden delights, but also desired approval and acceptance.

"Magnifique, Li," Josephine finally announced. Li smiled up at her. "And I understand you can take a large cock down your throat too."

Li blushed slightly, but understood that Josephine knew she had sucked her husband's cock just a few days previously. "Oui, I love giving a man pleasure. Your husband's cock is very nice; the biggest I've had. I don't know that I can take any larger."

"Oh, but of course. We'll show you. Jean, bring that big cock of yours over here."

Josephine proceeded to lie on her back on the bed with her head just off the side. Her husband stood at her head and she guided his cock straight into her mouth and down her throat with little effort. This was obviously something she did frequently.

Li watched her professor fuck his wife's mouth until Josephine pulled him out. "You try it now, chérie."

Li duplicated Josephine's position and watched as her professor offered her his cock. She took hold of his shaft and guided it into her mouth. He slid in easily, without much effort, and soon he was in all the way.

After allowing her to get accustomed to having his cock in her throat, he began to slowly pump his cock in and out as if fucking her pussy. This was new for Li but she enjoyed it.

She felt Josephine sucking her nipples and stroking her clit. The combined stimulations of having two lovers giving her pleasure at once was new and soon another orgasm was welling up inside her. Josephine's talented fingers fucked her pussy while her husband's cock continued to fuck her throat and she reached a mind-blowing climax.

Her professor shot his jism down her throat soon after, while Li was still riding waves of pleasure and she had to quickly swallow while still trying to enjoy her orgasm.

Her professor extracted his softening cock from her mouth and Li took a satisfyingly deep breath while she licked some stray cum from her lips and smiled up at him.
