 This is the tenth installment of the sexual journey of an 18-year-old music student, Clare. In the first installment, she was hired by the husband and wife team of escort agency owners who discover during some sexual high jinx that she is still a virgin. In the second, she set out in a limo on her first appointment with her new escort name, "Celeste," with a man who outbid other men for the privilege of taking her cherry. There is an erotic adventure in the limo. In the third installment, she lost her cherry to an experienced client. The fourth installment found the young lass fucked by a client known as the "High Hippie" on the altar of the Earth Goddess at an orgy at midnight of Summer Solstice in Central Park. The fifth had Clare at a party for a friend of the escort agency owner that turned into an orgy. In the sixth, she fulfilled a crush she had with her ex-music teacher who was visiting New York. She lured him to her room, slowly stripped and made him an "offer he could not refuse." In the seventh installment, she had a lesbian session with a female boxing champ who paid a big bonus to be the first to remove the pubic hair from her never shaven pussy. The eighth installment had her being exploited by her doctor and his drinking buddy during a physical "examination." In the ninth story, kind Clare helped a fellow student, a Muslim virgin, solve her financial problem by becoming an escort, too. Today, Clare is the center of attention at a bachelor party.

Thanks to LarryInSeattle for editing.

Bachelor Party

Clare was in a long stretch limo with Jerome, the co-owner of the Midnight Magic Escort Service, and three other girls who worked there. She was nervous because they were going to a bachelor party and Clare had heard that these events could get a bit wild. Jerome had guaranteed her and the other girls that all would be cool and he would be their guardian angel. He said they would all make a lot of money because the man getting married was from a very rich New York family and all the guests were very well off too. 

Clare could see that the other girls were very young and pretty. Jerome must have asked only the most attractive of his girls. It made her proud to be included with these beauties. They were dressed in a very sexy manner with tight short skirts and push-up bras that accentuated their ample breasts. Clare felt a bit out of place because by comparison, her white blouse and grey skirt were conservative and made her look like the attractive student she actually was. The other girls had brightly colored shoes with very high heels. Clare had tried to walk in those types in a shoe store but it seemed impossible so she was wearing the low heeled brown dress shoes she wore for her cello performances. She hoped the men would like her. 

Jerome did not tell her too much about what she would be doing. He said she would be serving drinks and hors d'oeuvres and just being attractive. He did say something about making money by "going with the flow" and watching what the other more experienced girls did. 

They entered a famous hotel near Times Square and went up a special elevator that opened to a large suite with about thirty men laughing and having a grand time. They all cheered when they saw the four beautiful girls step off the elevator and into the room. The opulence really took Clare's breath away. It had a large living room and dining room with a separate bedroom. Jerome had been in earlier and set up a large screen that was showing porn movies. Clare blushed when she saw on the screen a blonde sucking a huge black penis. 

Jerome threw up his hands and shouted, "Gentlemen, gentlemen let me introduce the most beautiful girls in New York for your entertainment pleasure." After each of the other three girls were introduced by their escort names to thundering cheers, it was Clare's turn to be introduced as Celeste. "And here, gentlemen, is a recent addition to my house of pleasure, Celeste - our hard-studying, pretty university student. Take a good look at her." And with that, Jerome paraded her back and forth in front of him. The crowd hushed a bit as the men took in her beautiful image. Her gorgeous sweet face was framed by long silky brunette curls that went below her shoulders. Her white silk blouse showed through a hint of a bra beneath. The three buttons modestly undone revealed alabaster ripe breasts straining to be released. Her waist was thin and her knee-length grey skirt could not hide an ass that was tight from playing the cello and just at that stage of going from girlish to womanly. Several men were brazenly staring up and down her young body and this made her blush and look down shyly. One man adjusted his cock when she did this. Yes, the men really did like her fresh look.

"PARTY ON EVERYONE!" Jerome shouted and the girls were engulfed by the crowd of horny, half-drunk men. Most of the men went to the sexily-dressed girls. But three preferred a sweet innocent-looking normal girl like Celeste and came over to her immediately. One was a middle-aged loud mouth who was the guy who had adjusted his cock while studying Celeste's curves. The other was a shy sort of athletic, mid-twenties type and the last man was about her father's age with a distinguished air about him and wearing an expensive sports jacket. 

"Hi, little lady" the loud mouth slurred drunkenly. "What's your name again?"

"I'm Celeste sir. Can I get you gentlemen a drink?" The men were taken back by that comment since they had been told that the girls were there to just get nude and fuck for money. The older man, Clark, instantly picked up that this innocent girl was not clued in to the situation and he would have to ease the young thing through the process. That would be a real pleasure to get her naked and fuck her and then watch others fuck her too. His cock was getting hard just thinking about it.

Clark leaned toward Celeste and said, "Hi my name is Clark, I am the groom's father and I am putting on this big party. I am certainly glad you came." He took her hand and kissed it gallantly. This calmed Celeste's nerves a bit since he seemed such a gentleman and if he was putting this party on, he must be filthy rich. She smiled up at him politely. Her beauty took his breath away. 

The loud-mouth came in close and grabbed Celeste's breast, "Nice tits baby" he slurred. 

Clark immediately put his hand on the man's shoulder and pushed him back. "Sir, this is my party and I think you should go talk to one of the other pretty ladies. Am I am making myself perfectly clear?" The drunk man knew how important a person Clark was and he slinked off to another part of the room leaving Clark and the shy fellow named Robert with Celeste. 

Celeste was very impressed and felt she could trust Clark and the other younger fellow who seemed very sweet.

Clark looked down at her and said, "It seems they didn't tell you too much about what is going on here and what you are expected to do. Stay close to me and I will help you. I suggest you watch the other girls and do what they are doing. They have the experience. I will pay you a thousand dollars and maybe even more at the end of the night if you simply do what I say. How does that sound?" 

"That would be super, sir. Thanks." She felt very fortunate.

"And I want you to be very nice to Robert here. He is one of my most trusted assistants at my company. Is that clear?" Celeste hesitated and then nodded yes.

Clark moved to her right side and dipped his left hand down and cupped her ass cheek casually and stood looking out at the party as he massaged her bum. He was in no hurry. Robert went to her left and with his right hand imitated his boss and massaged her other cheek. He could feel her clench her strong butt muscles but she just stood there obediently.

Celeste was a bit surprised by this touching but it seemed harmless. 

Clark sent Robert off many times to get drinks and pretty soon Celeste was getting a bit tipsy and the party was getting louder.

As she looked out at the party she saw the other girls had taken off their tops and men were putting ten and twenty dollar bills in the waistbands of their skirts in appreciation. 



Clark looked down at the teen student and said, "See the other girls? Come stand in front of me. I want to take off your top and show your beautiful tits to the men." 

Lately, whenever she used her vibrator to pleasure herself, she had fantasies of having sex with many men in the midst of a great orgy. This was likely because of the intense orgasms she had during the group sex party at Jerome's friend's apartment and the High Hippie at the Summer Solstice ceremony. 

She did as Clark asked and he slowly unbuttoned the white silk blouse. She felt her pussy throb with erotic anticipation. The silk fabric parted to reveal a pink flowered bra that pushed her breasts up in a seductive cleavage. When he finished unbuttoning, he turned her to face the room of men. Celeste felt a gush of love juice flow from her vagina onto the swollen lips of her cunny. She felt a bit light-headed as he slowly pulled the blouse from her shoulders and off. A dozen men rushed over and clapped and cheered at the erotic spectacle. She almost wept to know that they real did like her.

Clark bent to her ear and whispered, "I will undo your bra but I want you to take it off and show these horny men what you've got, OK?" She held her breath and nodded. He unsnapped the clasp and she held the cups and then slowly revealed her globes to the cheering crowd. Clark whispered again from behind her, "Watch me make you some good money." With this he reached around and cupped her naked breasts with both hands and gave them a good feel including rolling her nipples in his fingers. He took a fifty from his pocket and put it in her waistband and shouted to the testosterone-charged crew, "OK guys give her twenty bucks for showing you her pretty teen tits and fifty if you want a good feel." 

The guys crowded in and all of them wanted to cup and play with her firm breasts for cash. Celeste could feel her pussy getting wet as the men took turns pleasuring her chest. One good-looking man even gave her a hundred and went down and sucked her nipples until they were hard. The loud-mouth guy even came up and paid and got a good feel without Clark objecting. Lately, she had come to realize that she was a bit of an exhibitionist and showing off her body turned her on. 

Clark came closer behind her and she could feel him through her skirt nestle his long hard cock in the crack of her ass. 

Clark loved to watch his women get fucked by other men and Celeste was now his woman for the evening. He and his wife were long time swingers. He didn't have a jealous bone in his body.

The men were getting restless as they had seen enough tit and wanted more. Jerome helped one of the girls up onto the bar and she did a striptease to a roaring crowd who put bills in her thong as she stripped. 



Celeste could see the other girls were sitting on the knees of men on chairs and sofas and being fondled openly. Clark took her hand and led her to a sofa and sat down and pulled her on to his knee. She put her arm over his shoulder and nestled her head into his neck with her mouth close to his ear. Robert followed and was sitting beside them. 

Clark could smell her sweet perfume and felt her soft hair on his neck. Her hot breath fell on his ear. He looked down at her perfect bare breasts and since they belonged to him tonight, he reached down and messaged their firmness. The other men looked over at him enviously.

Each of the other girls stripped in turn to roaring cheers. 

This was getting Clark really turned on. His cock was like granite. As the show went on he had slipped his hand under Celeste's skirt and ran his fingers up and down the wet spot above her girlie parts. She moaned in pleasure at the sensation and spread her legs wider even though she knew men could see up her skirt to the moist evidence of her arousal on her underwear. Her body seemed to have a mind of its own. 

Jerome shouted out, "Now the great moment! The groom will chose a girl to fuck as his last wild oats before he gets married. Come over here you three." Jerome pointed to the other girls and not Celeste. He had seen that the father was hooked up with her. The girls came over willingly and the young man chose the young blonde cheerleader-type and rushed off to the bedroom and closed the door. 

Jerome went over to the movie projector and flipped a switch and up popped a picture of the bedroom with the groom and the blonde jumping onto the bed. 

"Oh, my goodness" Celeste was thinking. "I bet the groom doesn't know we will be watching them make love." 

Jerome shouted out again, "These two girls will sell you their panties for $500 and they will throw in thirty minutes of doing anything your heart desires. It will be an experience of a lifetime." Two men immediately approached the girls and led them off to a sofa across from Celeste and Clark. 

The room was quieter as men looked up at the huge screen and watched as the young groom took off his clothes and revealed a seven-inch hard cock. He leaned back nude against the headboard with a big shit-ass grin as the blonde dove down and gobbled his dick into her red lipstick coated mouth. He pulled back her hair so the camera would not miss his cock sliding in and out of her lips. He looked up at the camera and gave a big thumbs up. He obviously knew everyone was watching his bareback blow job.

Watching his son get his cock sucked was really turning Clark on. He whispered an order to Celeste, "Stand up and take off your clothes." She hesitated just a few seconds. "NOW!" She knew from his firm tone that she had no option and to be truthful, she was getting unbelievably horny, too watching the screen and having her sensitive pussy stroked. She stripped off her skirt and sat down. Then very loudly, "Take off those fucking panties too. I am going to fuck you soon and they will just get in the way." Celeste could see all heads turn towards them. She knew they all must have heard him say that. "Oh sweet mother, these men must think I am a real tramp." she thought. But she did as instructed and took off her pink flowered panties exposing her bald pussy for all to see. 

Clark's dick had become uncomfortably trapped in his underwear and needed to be released. Before the teen could sit back down, he unzipped and pulled out his good sized erection. From his years in the swinging scene he had no reservations about having sex in a group. 

Celeste sat down and stared at the weapon in surprise. She had not expected this from such a distinguished older gentleman. She couldn't resist the temptation to hold it and wrapped her small hand around the base. She had grown to love the velvet over granite feel of a hard penis. She heard a zip and looked over to see Robert pull his smaller staff into the open. He stroked it up and down as he stared at the music student's perfect teen body.

Celeste looked at Robert, then back at Clark questioningly. He said, "Not to worry baby. Everything is cool. Robert here is going to fuck you later too when I let him. That's OK with you, isn't it my dear?" The young thing bit her lip and did not know what to say. "I will take that as a yes. Aren't you lucky tonight, Robert?" Robert grinned and looked over at his boss with a look of sheer gratitude. "In fact Robert, why don't you play with Celeste's pussy and be friends? It is so wet, I am pretty sure she likes that." He turned to Celeste, "Why don't you spread your legs so Robert knows you welcome his attention?" She blushed crimson and spread her knees invitingly.

Robert did not hesitate. He slid over closer and dipped his hand into the music student's honey pot. He had never felt such a hot, wet pussy. It was heaven for him and her. Celeste reached down and cupped his sensitive, hairy ball-sack in appreciation. She gently rolled the eggs inside and Robert closed his eyes and enjoyed a moment of sweet ecstasy. For the first time tonight, he was now sure he was going to be balls deep in this teen student's hot pussy tonight. 

Clark and most of the men in the room were watching the erotic action on the big screen. His son was fucking the blonde doggy style. Her face was pressed into the bed with her firm white ass high. He was ramming his meat into her with complete abandon and the room rang out with the sounds of him slapping her ass loudly on a regular basis and her urging him to fuck her harder.

The room was electric with erotic testosterone-charged energy. 

On the other sofa, Clark could see both men who had paid $500 for a good time with their pants around their ankles and two nude girls kneeling before them and two gorgeous heads of hair bobbing up and down giving them blow jobs. The faces of the two men were showing complete ecstasy. 

A half a dozen men surrounded the sofa and were completely absorbed, watching the action cheering the lucky two on. One shouted out, "Hey guys, push back those bitches hair so we can see them sucking your tiny dicks." A roar of laughter and before the two men could comply, the girls themselves pulled back their long straight hair to reveal their red lipstick colored lips pleasuring their satisfied customer's cocks, which were not tiny by any measure.

Clark could see a friend of his, a New York Supreme Court judge, standing among the onlookers with his right hand thrust deep under his pant's waistband and down to his manhood. He was frantically jerking off with his mouth open and his eyes transfixed by the cocksucking. Clark thought to himself that the judge was unlucky in not being able to fully let loose and fuck these wenches since the scandal would be too much to bear for a man of his position. Clark, however, was in the enviable position of not giving a fuck what anybody thought. 

Jerome, always the businessman, shouted out behind the spectators. "See that guys. The girls at the Midnight Magic Escort Service give the best blow jobs on earth, guaranteed! Hey girls, give those balls a good lick." They immediately moved their faces lower and licked the men's ball-sacks with relish." Cheers and laughter rose up from the onlookers. "Don't worry guys, the girls want to make friends with all you guys. And don't forget that these fine wenches have other orifices to satisfy your cravings as well. By the way, Greek is extra!"

Up on the screen, the groom was still fucking the blonde doggie-style but now with a slow grinding motion. The best man, Phillip was naked as a jay-bird and standing in front of her beside the bed getting a royal blow job. He just stood there with his hands on his hips watching her gobble his cock like the expert she was. 

This gave Clark a great idea. He said, "Celeste, my dear please stand up." She did so and he also stood and stripped off his shoes, socks and pants in a flash and sat back down on the sofa. He had the body of a middle-aged man who golfed regularly and was careful of what he ate. "Now, sweetie, kneel between my legs and suck my cock like a good girl." 

Celeste was more than willing to pleasure her man's penis. She went to her knees in a flash, cupped Clark's balls gently but firmly and licked him wetly from the base of his staff to the tip where a slippery clear liquid had seeped from the small opening. She instantly recalled the sexy taste of a man's cock and it sent a surge of lust in the primal regions of her brain. Her cunt was suddenly in desperate need of a stiff cock. To take her mind off her urgent need, she doubled her sucking and licking. The slurping noises she was making attracted a number of fellows to come and witness the source. 

Clark, ever the pure exhibitionist, loved to experience the attention his prick and his slut were getting. "Let's pick this show up a notch for the audience he thought." He turned to Robert, his trusty assistant beside him on the sofa. "Robert, why don't you kneel down beside our little teen princess and check if her pussy is in heat." 
