 Jennifer, waking slightly to the sensation of fingers probing her swollen pussy lips was surprised to find Stan's semi-flaccid cock filling her mouth. Sucking slowly and deeply, Jennifer felt the man's massive rod start to swell with blood as her tongue worked around the head and down the shaft. In moments, her mouth was stretched to capacity with the cock she had sucked like a pacifier as she slept. Tasting drops of cum in her mouth, Jen, now fully awake and enjoying the finger fucking she was receiving, realised that Stan had fucked her constantly and had not orgasmed. Rising to her knees, Jen positioned herself beside Stan to allow him to continue to slide his thick fingers into her dripping cunt and fondle her tits as she sucked him deeper. 

As she became more excited, she sucked him harder and deeper, using her tongue to further stimulate him. Grasping the shaft with both hands, she slid them up and down his shaft as her saliva lubricated him. With her mouth devouring his cockhead and both her hands encircling the thick, footlong shaft, Jen began to suck more furiously as Stan inserted first three then four fingers deep inside her. As she sank deeper onto his cock, her nostrils flared and her breathe came more rapidly as his hand filled her cunt. Feeling his fingers slip across her erect clit caused her to push back against him as her tits swayed against his thigh and then pushed her mouth farther down his shaft. 

Pulling her mouth from Stan's swaying cock head, Jennifer moaned loudly as his fingers slid deeper into her cunt. Quickly standing, Jen stood over the man. her pussy dropping her juices onto him. With an animalistic growl escaping her throat, Jen straddled the huge cock under her and impaled herself with one swift plunge until she felt his balls pressing against her ass. Groaning in pleasure, she began to fuck him rapidly, pulling herself almost totally off this monster before plunging again downward, enveloping him in her hot, slick pussy. Continuing to impale herself, Jennifer felt the man buck under her and felt her own juices squirt around his cock head each time she withdrew. Unable to speak, she dropped herself onto him one final time as her body shook violently in a spasm of intense pleasure that lasted forever. Grinding her tits into his chest, she pushed herself down onto him feeling her contracting pussy filled to capacity with his foot long rod. 

Jennifer now pulled herself free one last time and enveloped Stan's cock with her gasping mouth. Sucking him deep into her throat Jennifer tasted the salty, slick sensation of his cum mixed with her own salty juices on her tongue. Stan, now almost ready to explode, grasped her hair with one hand as his other hand found its way again deep into her slit, forcing himself deeper into her mouth. Jen, feeling his cockhead swell, grabbed the base of his cock firmly with one hand, holding back the flow of cum as she increasingly used more of her tongue on his cock head. Rapidly jerking him off as she both sucked him deeper and stifled the flow of his eruption had Stan groaning deeply as he forced his entire hand inside her gushing pussy. As she was being fucked by the man's thick hand Jen felt herself again erupt in orgasm and she sucked Stan's cock savagely as she continued to hold the base of his cock firmly as she slid the other hand up and down the entire shaft rapidly. F When Stan finally was near screaming, she buried his cock deep in her mouth, released the grip on the base of his shaft and sucked and stroked him furiously. Jennifer, caught up in her own orgasm, still felt the huge wave of cum slam through Stan's manhood to fill her mouth and throat with spurt after creamy spurt of silky, hot juice. Sucking and swallowing to keep from losing any of his juice, Jen felt his hand clench inside her and felt the man buck and spasm against her as she sucked every drop of his load down her throat. 

As he moaned, "No more," she buried his shaft deep in her throat as she slid her hands up and down the slick shaft. Jennifer had never experienced a single load of cum that had filled her mouth so fully. Swallowing continually, she bobbed her mouth up and down his shaft as he spasmed constantly and moaned her name. As his voice trailed off in one last groan, Jennifer sucked his now flaccid cock into her mouth one last time. Letting it slip from her lips, she savored the faint smacking sound Stan's member made as it fell onto his thigh. Jen's lips trailed the length of his cock, onto his belly, chest and upward until her still erect nipples dragged across him. Flicking her tongue across his lips, Jen kissed him deeply before she stood on shaky legs and walked across the room. Slipping her skirt on, Jen walked topless across the parking lot, and retrieving her blouse she climbed into her car without ever putting it on. Looking back to the shop, Jennifer saw Stan, still naked standing in the open doorway, his flaccid cock dangling almost to his knee. Laughing, she spun the tires of her car as, still topless, she drove toward home. 

Soon after starting toward home, Jennifer noticed a custom designed bus stopped on the roadside ahead of her. A young man was standing beside it waving his arms frantically, obviously in need of help. Still topless, Jen thought, "This will be fun," and pulled to a stop in front of the vehicle. The man ran to her car, and seeing her full breasts fully exposed, said, "Well.. umm.. you.. well. " Jennifer laughed and fondling her left nipple to erection asked if he needed help. Finally, still intently staring at her chest, the man was able to say, " Yeah, the bus is broken down and my phone is dead. Do you have one I could use? A phone, I mean.. " 

Smiling broadly, Jen told him she had one in her purse in the back seat. Pretending not to be able to reach her purse, Jen got out of the car and bending over the seat back, was able to get it, and give the man a full view of her naked pussy and ass under the short skirt at the same time. Handing him the phone, she leaned against her car parting her legs and caressing her nipples as he fumbled through the buttons on the phone and was soon talking to the auto club. Eventually he handed her the phone and said, "Looks like it will be a couple hours before they can get a wrecker big enough to tow this beast in. If you have time there is something I think you'll enjoy on the bus while we wait." Leading Jennifer up the steps of the bus, the man opened a door behind the driver's compartment to reveal eight of the largest men Jen had ever seen. The driver said simply, " Ma'am, meet the Manhattan Diplomats. They are an exhibition basketball team who play against the Globetrotters around the country. " As the men looked her over and began to laugh and talk among themselves, the driver said, " Boys, meet the nice lady who saved us today. Please show her your thanks. " 

Quickly Jen was surrounded by the men and was amazed that on average she only stood to mid chest on most of them. Gasping, she felt eight pairs of huge hands immediately caressing her body and sliding the short skirt from her hips. As the men undressed, Jennifer assessed them. All their cocks were equal to their heights with most at least a foot long and many very, very thick. Grabbing the closest man, Jen pulled him toward her and watched in amazement as her huge, erect cock jutted toward her mouth. Grasping it with both hands, she sucked the massive head into her mouth as the other men cheered and shouted. Jen now felt herself being lifted from the ground and still holding the cock in her mouth, was turned onto her back. As she was being held in mid air, hands separated her legs and with one motion, her pussy was filled with a thick, foot long cock. 

The impact pushed her mouth yet farther onto the cock filling her mouth and shoved it nearly into her throat. Skewered between the two, Jen could only attempt to squeal in pleasure as the men fell into a rhythm that pulled both cocks out of her then back into her hot, wet pussy and mouth simultaneously. As her body shook in sudden orgasm, the cock filling her mouth bucked and she heard the man groan as he pushed deep into her and filled her throat with pulse after pulse of hot cum. Gulping furiously, Jen felt the cock pulled from her mouth and she was suddenly lifted upright, being totally impaled by the cock in her pussy. " God, " she screamed as she felt her weight shift and the man still fucking her, sat back onto a low table. 

With her knees on each side of his hips, Jen tried to pull herself off the man to begin fucking him. Instead she felt hands on her back and now felt a man's feet standing on the table on the sides of her knees. "Fuck me, yes, fuck my ass," was all she could say before a huge cock head instead shoved into her already filled cunt. As her mouth opened in a scream of pain and pleasure at the feel of two huge cocks fucking her pussy at the same time, a cock filled her mouth again and she could only groan around it as her nostrils flared and her breathe came in gasps. Her mind was reeling as the cocks in her battered pussy stroked in and out, sometimes alternating, sometimes together as she worked her tongue over the massive cock head filling her mouth, knowing another massive orgasm was imminent. 

Feeling it building deep inside her, Jen ground her hips back against the two men fucking her aching pussy as she sucked harder on the cock fucking her mouth. Moments before she knew she would be overwhelmed by this growing sensation, Jennifer felt the men shift slightly behind her and now dimly heard a voice ask, "Was this what you wanted?," as a cock head was pressed against her ass. With one thrust, her ass was filled with fourteen, thick inches of meat as the two massive cocks continued to slide in and out of her slick, dripping pussy and her mouth and throat was filled by a fourth pistoning rod. Screaming around the manhood filling her mouth, Jen arched her back and ground her massive tits into the man under her and fucked and sucked the four men like a wild animal, knowing her own orgasm was only moments away. Now, with one swift motion, all four cocks pulled out of her and paused for a mere moment as she emitted a low, guttural moan, her body shuddering. Now, again with one motion, Jennifer's pussy was refilled by both massive cocks as the third slammed, full depth into her ass and the fourth into her hot, gasping mouth. 

It was now the orgasm hit. She had never been so full of so many huge cocks. Jennifer's mind reeled, she drifted to another place as the shudders overtook her. As the men pumped faster and began to orgasm themselves, Jen felt their huge loads of hot, silky smooth cum fill her pussy, mouth and ass almost in slow motion. She felt the hot, steamy rivulets swirl deep inside her and felt it being frothed to foam by the pounding of their cocks. Their fucking motion bounced her back and forth and with her body, now limp from the sensation, shuddered continually from the constant orgasms racing through her with each thrust of a cock. Barely conscious, Jennifer felt herself being rolled into her back on the table and cock after cock filling her drenched, gaping pussy and open mouth with loads of pent up cum. Silky, frothy cum oozed from her pussy and ass as she lay, limp on the table. Now, two at a time, the rest of the men and the driver fucked her limp body, filling her cunt and mouth with a dozen more loads of cum before they were exhausted themselves. Only an occasional moan escaped her and her own orgasms continued as she was being fucked by the nine men until she slipped into unconsciousness. 

Jennifer awoke that evening lying naked in her car. Pulling herself upright behind the steering wheel, she felt gushes of still warm semen coming from her reddened pussy and ass. Rubbing her hands over her body, she noted dried cum from her tits to her knees. The bus was gone and only a note was left on her dash saying, "Thanks for everything. The bus was even repaired for free after the three mechanics triple fucked you. We will be playing our next game on Saturday. Here is a locker room pass for you to use. Hope to see you there."