 "How did I get myself into this?" 

The single thought that kept running through Megan's mind, as a man she had just met 10 minutes ago ran his hands down her back, before stopping on her firm 18 year old butt cheeks. The fact that he wasn't doing it the way her boyfriend would, but that he was 'assessing' her body, was the worst part. 

'Why did I let Vivian con me into coming with her?' 

The second most common thought going through her mind as she looked over to see her long time friend undergoing her own assessment. Vivian wouldn't stop talking about her dream of being a model, and as soon as she turned 18, decided she was going to do it. And here they were, 2 weeks later, with 2 guys looking over every inch of their bodies, groping their way along. 

'I should have known better. Should've known when she waved off my concerns and said 'oh don't worry, they supply talent for all kinds of jobs'. But nooooo, I came anyway. And when the first thing either guy said was 'do a quick spin for us, so we can see all of you two', or when Dan said "she would work for the Hometown Honeys series". I should have walked out. Damnit Vivian.'

Glancing over to see Vivian bent over the opposite arm of the couch, ass up in the air showing off her goodies, Megan hears 

"Alright hunny, let's get you bent over the arm of that couch. Let's see those rear views."

Just then, the 'help' moves his hands up to push slowly on Megan's back, guiding her down to the arm of the couch. Pushing her further down when she initially stopped with her hands outstretched at full length. 

"Deeper hun. We need to get a good look" the breathy voice of her 'assistant' for the past few minutes, while he manipulates her into place. 

As she bends down, Megan looks to her friend who already has her left cheek against the arm of the couch, looking her way, smiling the biggest smile she thinks she's ever seen on her. Following suit, Megan puts her right cheek against the arm of the couch, all too aware that she's fully on display for the 3 men in the room. Only one person had seen her like this up until today...now she's tripling that number in one afternoon. 

Never one to ever feel fully at ease when naked, Megan had always been a bit on the chubby side growing up. Even playing a couple high school sports hadn't taken off that last little bit of 'extra' that she always saw when she changed in front of her mirror. Little did she know that there was certainly a market for fresh 18 year old brunettes with 36C breasts, 28 inch waists and large but tight buns like hers. 

On the other hand, Vivian knew that 'agencies' would always have a place for her body type. Always the tight petite body, as far back as anyone remembered, 'Viv' stood a very respectable 5'8, with small but perky 34B's, a tiny waist and a small but very toned behind. Guys at school were always trying to get her out of whatever she chose to wear when the two of them went out. The line for Megan was somewhat shorter, due to the guys not knowing just how useful she could be. But now they found themselves together, bent over the arms of the same couch, the differences in body types evident now as 3 talent evaluators looked over all the intimate details. 

The voice of Dan, at least she thought it was Dan, broke the silence.

"Alright girls, reach back with both hands and spread those cheeks open please. Let's get a good look at you."

Looking over at Vivian and seeing her gleefully spreading her cheeks is the only thing that kept Megan from standing up, picking up her clothes and walking out the door. 'This is too much' she thought to herself as she closed her eyes, reached back with both hands to grab her cheeks, and give herself a light spread. 

"Megan hun, don't be shy. Grab those cheeks and give a good spread." The voice of Dan giving her guidance, as apparently her first effort wasn't quite enough.

"Yea Megs, you can do it. Just do this." Hearing Vivian's voice causing her to open her eyes and look in her direction. As soon as she could focus, she saw Vivian release her grip on her cheeks, allowing her fleshy buns to jiggle momentarily before she re-gripped them with both hands and pulled herself lewdly open. Far further than Megan had just done with herself.

'Always the show off!' The thoughts of Vivian playing strip poker...or strip anything, for that matter at some of the parties this year, rushed back into her mind. 

Pushing her fingertips more deeply into each cheek, Megan gave herself a rough spread with both hands, knowing full well that she was showing everything in great detail off to the three men evaluating them.

As she held herself open, she felt the soft velvety lips trying to part ever so slightly, as her tightest hole strained against her pull. The silence in the room making her feel more vulnerable than before, as the only sounds in the room consist of pens writing on note pads. No doubt taking notes of what they're seeing. 

Finally Dan's voice breaks the silence.

"Alright girls, you can relax. But do stay bent over. And let me be the first to say that you both have very nice looking pussies and assholes. Guys, if you please."

With that, Megan hears the sounds of 2 of the men in the room getting up from their chairs and making their way over to her and Vivian. Looking over at her friend, she sees a large pair of hands go to Vivian's pert butt, covering it almost entirely, before spreading her apart. Just as she began to wonder just how rough he was being with Vivian, Megan felt two hands grip her cheeks and spread her apart, rougher than she had done to herself. This time she felt her lips part open just barely, exposing her slit to the man behind her. 

"Beautiful little pussy on you, Megan. Guys in the business dream of getting ahold of something this nice." 

Feeling a thumb snake its way between her lips, entering her body for the first time. She hadn't noticed how wet she had become until that moment. Noting that the intruder still felt large, but not painful in any way as he began pumping his thumb in and out of her tight little slit. 

"Mmmm what a grip! You looked tight hunny, but wow! I can barely get my thumb in you." 

His voice sounding almost mesmerized as Megan thought of nothing else but the thumb sliding in and out of her. Her cheeks totally flushed from embarrassment when he first spread her open, now stay red due to her lust, and the energy coursing through her body, emanating from her tight little slit. 

Feeling his breath hitting her between her cheeks added to the feelings he was causing with his thumb. Knowing all too well that his face was literally inches from her most intimate parts, closer than anyone but her ex-boyfriend had been. And even he hadn't been that close very often. These feelings were completely new to her, being on display, evaluated and likely about to be fucked by a stranger, the only 'feelings' she had for being purely carnal desire. 

"And if I was a betting man, I'd bet that this little backdoor has never been fucked. Would I be right, Megan?"

His question barely registered as she fell into a daze caused by his digit sliding in and out of her tight, wet entrance. "Huh? Whattttt...my ass? No, I've never...not in my ass." Almost groaning her answer to his question. 

That instant she felt another digit press down on her hyper sensitive clit, rubbing in a circular motion, causing her to close her eyes and almost hum as her breathing sped up. Not even the thud of another person sitting on the couch broke her of her trance. Only when she felt a wet finger pushing against her virgin backdoor, did her eyes open again. But instead of feeling shock and trying to escape, she backed herself up against the thumbs working on her clit and inside her, and the index finger trying to gain access to her tightest hole. 

Feeling stubble run up against her spread cheeks, she becomes hyper aware that her evaluator is mere inches away from her most intimate spots. She feels a small drop of spit touch her backdoor, feeling the finger spread it on her ring...before pushing harder against her, until she opened to accept it. The intruder slowly made its way past her ring, into her tightest hole...slow and steady the entire time. 

To her surprise, it wasn't painful, leaving her simply with a full and hyper sensitive feeling as both of her tight little entrances were filled with intruders. Having told her ex-boyfriend no on the few occasions he suggested it, she suddenly felt hyper aware of how slutty her situation was. 15 minutes ago she was shaking this man's hand, and now he had his thumb and finger inside her body, and his other thumb working her clit. But instead of pulling away, she concentrated on the sensations he was causing, hitting her in waves, not wanting him to stop. 

Letting herself go and relax completely on the fingers working their magic on her, she barely comprehended what she saw on the couch. Her friend Vivian was on her knees between the legs of one of the 'talent scouts', no doubt the one who had treated her the same way she was being treated right now. Only that Vivian had moved on to sucking his cock. And his cock appeared to be big...very big, compared to what she was used to with her ex-boyfriend. 

'That's why they're here' the only thought going through her mind, as she gazed at her friend bobbing up and down in the lap to her left. Her own body responding to her man, as she pushed back each time he move to slide his digits further into her, and pulled away when he withdrew, getting more 'stroke' with his fingers. 

Finally she felt her body starting to tingle all over, starting from her center, as the thumb circling her clit sped up. No doubt he felt her gyrating her hips harder and faster as her orgasm raced closer. Her breathing had become a low groan as she felt the first wave hit her. The 'explosion' hit her in full force as he buried both his thumb and forefinger as deep as possible inside her, holding them in place as she shook and twitched on his hand. 

Allowing her a good 30 seconds to come down from her orgasm, before withdrawing his finger and thumb, Erik gave her a light pat on the ass, to pull her back into reality. She peeked over her shoulder when she felt his hands go to her hips, pulling her back away from the arm of the couch. 

"On your knees, Megan. Still have to check out your 'talents'." As he pulled her away from the couch, he dropped his pants to his ankles, kicking them off a few feet away, to be followed immediately by his polo shirt. Now completely naked, he took a seat on the cushion closest to the arm of the couch she was just draped over, and pulled her by the hand until she was standing between his legs. 

"Go ahead and get on your knees. It's time to find out if you can suck cock." His statement matter of fact, but with a trace of lust in it, as he fisted his half hard cock slowly. 

Only then did she look down to see what would be making its way into her body. And the first thought that crossed her mind was 'how will it fit'? Still not fully hard, it had to be close to 8 inches and much thicker than the only cock she had felt in her life. Getting a better look as she softly went to her knees in between his legs, she felt his hand on her shoulder, pulling her forward, beckoning her to taste him. Almost in a trance, she leaned in to take the large spongy head in her mouth, locking her lips around it as she heard the sounds of smacking lips and slurps from her friend's work. 

Starting to bob slowly up and down on his shaft, she felt the head slide deeper and deeper into her mouth with each pass, swirling her tongue around the head as it made its way into her now willing mouth. Her hand went to his stomach, while the other steadied herself on the cushion. Always happy to suck her ex's cock, she found that her love of 'pleasing' transferred into this situation as well. 

Having only given blowjobs until almost a year ago, sucking was nothing new to her. She loved giving pleasure, and was almost always willing to provide it for her ex when he asked. A small part of her thought that she might save her virginity for marriage, only needing to give blowjobs until then. Of course those thoughts ended after a date night, and now she found herself sucking the much larger cock of a 'talent evaluator' of a 'talent agency'. 

Feeling him harden the rest of the way, her hand moved to his shaft and began pumping slowly along the inches she was unable to get into her talented mouth. Her tongue sliding up and down the large vein running the length of the bottom of his shaft, as she slowly fisted his remaining length at the same pace as her lips moved up and down his hard cock. 

The sounds to her left went from slurping and lip smacking to low groans, heavy breathing and the occasional slap of bodies coming together, as Vivian rode her man's cock, a few feet away from her. Concentrating harder on the cock in her mouth, Megan sped up her pace. Her tongue making shorter, quicker laps on the underside of Erik's cock, her lips gripping tightly just below the spongy head at the top of her stroke, and gripping tight halfway down the steely hard shaft at the bottom. 

Before she felt fully satisfied with her work, she felt a hand tap her on the cheek, signaling for her attention. Knowing what he wanted, she released him with a loud pop, before pulling back and standing up. Looking down at his glistening member, she again wondered how it would fit, before taking the two steps forward and climbing onto his lap, feeling his spear pressed firmly against her slickened lips. 

Feeling his hands move around her, one to her right ass cheek, the other going between her legs to grip his shaft, running it up and down the length of her slit to collect her juices. She moves one hand to his chest to brace herself, before taking the fleshy head of his cock in her hand, and aiming it at her entrance. Taking a deep breath, she pushes herself down on his large intruder, feeling him part her lips with his fleshy head. 

Feeling herself spread open further than ever before, Megan let out a loud sigh, as she felt his other hand grab hold of her hip. She braced herself for what she knew would come next, as he pressed her down firmly on his cock. Looking down at their 'meeting point' as she felt him spreading her further than she ever had been, she notices half of his cock still waiting to slide inside her. The hands on her hips pull her upward until just the tip stays lodged in her tight grip, until those hands press her down again, this time aided by her own willing push, wanting to feel all of him. 

After a few strokes with his help, Megan takes over the pace, sliding herself almost fully down his shaft, before pulling up halfway off him, only to slide back down and revel in the feeling of being completely filled with cock. Feeling his hands move to her butt, there only to guide as she rode in rhythm with him softly shoving upward into her body. 

Megan took complete control of her fuck, her hands on the back of the couch on either side of Erik, leaning over him while she rides his full length, slamming down hard with each thrust. With each thrust, she felt his cock touching places that had never been touched before, spreading her further than she had ever felt, and sending more electricity through her body that she had ever felt. 

Letting herself go completely, she felt her body begin to tingle again, the sign of her impending orgasm. As soon as the tingling reached her toes, she felt the first shock wave of her orgasm course through her, slowing her pace almost to a halt. Only then did she feel the hands on her cheeks grip harder, picking her up and slamming her down on his cock, powering through her orgasm. Her hyper sensitive body feeling every tingle, every shock, and every last detail of his cock as he filled her completely with each shove. 

The thrusting slacked off as she regained her breath, signaling her coming down from her orgasm. As soon as she had somewhat recovered, those same hands pulled her completely off his cock, lifting her up off his lap, allowing his cock to slap on his stomach as it popped free from her body. 

As he lowered her back onto his lap, Erik whispered into her ear "Bend over the cushion here hunny. Time to get it from behind" before giving her one good slap on each ass cheek. 

Standing on wobbly legs, she dismounted his still engorged member, looking down to see the light sheen of her juices coating the full length, before grinning and giving Erik room to stand up. Looking to her left, she noticed Vivian hopping off of her guy's lap, presumably following suit. To her surprise, as Megan got her knees on the cushion and her arms up on the back of the couch to act as a pillow, Viv laid back on her cushion and spread her legs as far as Megan thought she possibly could. 

She didn't have time to dwell on it, as she felt the spongy head of Erik's cock slide between her velvety lips, driving his cock into her body from behind. The first stroke was long and slow, followed by another when she felt his balls rest against her body. Knowing that she had taken it all, Megan started pushing back with each thrust from her guy, meeting him and slamming their hips in the process. Lewd slapping sounds filled the room as the two 18 year olds had their tight little holes stretched by their two men, with Megan making more noise. Her moans from each thrust as Erik bottomed out on each thrust, filling her totally. 

Barely two minutes into him sawing his cock into her body, Megan felt the first warning of another orgasm. Never had she experienced 3 orgasms in one 'session' with her ex, and barely ever in a day when she masturbated. Now here she was about to coat the cock inside her again, as her body began to shake under the assault. The slapping sounds grew louder and wetter, as pounded into her, forcing her juices out onto both of them in a creamy mess. Her body shook harder as her 3rd orgasm hit her, causing all of her movements except for her trembling and spasming to stop. Her juices coated Erik's cock and balls as he continued to slam into her, powering through yet another orgasm. 

"Fuuucckkkk I'm getting close. I'm about to cum!" Erik's voice comes out in low tones, almost a groan. 

"Need it on her face, Erik" Megan hears from the table behind her. 

At that moment, the cock pistoning inside her pulls free of her body. Not giving her a chance to object, a powerful hand pulls her back by the wrist, until she bumps down on her knees in front of him. Looking up, she sees his hand holding tight at the base of his cock, until she's in place. Once she looks up at him, his hand pumps the full length of his shaft, hard and fast for a few short seconds, before heavy jets of cum fly out onto her face. First a long thick string catches her on the cheek, then another 2 follow in short succession, followed by 3 more softer, smaller jets that land around her mouth. Feeling his cum on her face is a new feeling, having never let her ex do that to her. Yet another slutty first in a day of firsts for her. 

As soon as he's done cumming, Megan feels the soft fleshy head bump against her lips, signaling for her to open her mouth. Gladly opening wide for him, she feels him slide his softening cock between her lips, suckling on the tip before he drives more of his still glistening shaft into her mouth. She feels him push half of his length into her mouth with each thrust, before pulling back softy, placing his hand on her head to keep her in place. A soft slow fucking motion continued as she sucked softly with her lips, in a 'loving' way to show her appreciation.

As she was loving his cock this way, she heard the same warning take place to her side, as Vivian hopped off the couch, directly to her knees in time for her man to erupt on her all too willing face. Almost reveling in it, Megan sees her friend tilt her chin up with her eyes closed, presenting more of a target for his cum, while her hands fondle his large, heavy balls. 
