 My name's Aurora. At the time my story takes place I was an eighteen-year-old girl who looked chaste, naive, and as fresh and pure as the first snowfall in October. That also happened to be the month the following night took place.

Don't jump to conclusions about me, I grew up on a horse ranch outside of Gerlach, Nevada, and by this age could break a mustang, shoot a coyote in the heart from two hundred yards, or make you a three-course meal from scratch if I wanted to. My parents were strict. I was never allowed to go to Burning Man, but the stories and some of my friend's experiences, along with the incredibly sexy sparkling bodies and outrageous artwork and people that would come through our town every summer, were enough to have me fantasizing poetic at my age. I was brimming in wonder and excitement about the future all summer long when I got into a prestigious university in Boston.

The very day I arrived at school I had an experience that changed me from the young wildflower described above into a hypersexualized submissive nymphomaniac. It happened within several hours of my mom, dad, and two over-protective older brothers kissing me goodbye and telling me to behave and be careful, both of which I had every intention of doing. They all had tears in their eyes and I did too. After they left I felt scared, but excited, and had decided to take things slow and one by one as circumstances arose. The young men of Sigma Epsilon Xi had distinctly separate plans for the teeny rosebud from the high desert. 

As I started to unpack my things a knock on my new dorm room door startled me, as I knew my roommate wasn't due till tomorrow. 

"HI! I'm Cliff. Wow, aren't you pretty! Are you ready for orientation?" He was about six feet tall, muscular, clean-cut, very well dressed, and VERY handsome. Let's just say a welcome sight compared to the cowboys and lowlife I'd grown up around.

"Thanks! Aurora. And yes!" I could tell my handshake was firmer than he expected from a five foot four, one hundred ten pound teenage girl. There was absolutely no reason I wouldn't have thought he wasn't really an orientation volunteer. 

I locked my door, proud of myself for remembering to do it now that I'm in Boston, not a town with the same population as the closest department store anymore. While walking he introduced me to his friends, who at this point I assumed were other incoming freshmen. All of them being male didn't upset me at all, each one was handsome and as friendly as the next. Not a single one had heard of my hometown, but each one seemed excited to learn I was a cowgirl, and almost all of them complimented my looks and asked if I brought any other cowgirls with me. 

"Nope. I'm all alone, just a desert owl lost in a city of lights," I remember saying, or something equally as vulnerable sounding. Within maybe forty minutes he'd walked us by several buildings, rattling off their names and purposes, but I was too busy soaking up the five other boys attention to pay any. At some point, he said "Ok, I can see everyone is more interested in Aurora than in learning about their new home, and I don't blame you guys. Why don't we hit the square and get some drinks, it's after all where you will be spending a lot of time over the next four years, so an equally important part of your orientation." Everyone laughed. "Don't worry about ID kids, the bartender is my roommate." Everyone got giddy and before we even arrived at the bar, each handsome young man had offered to buy me a drink. In my head, I remember wondering at the time which one was gonna be the lucky one to end up in my dorm room, helping me set up my stereo and make my bed. 

It was only three or four drinks in when I was starting to wonder why all eyes and compliments were still coming my way. There was plenty of hot girls, some even came right up and initiated conversations with a lot of my brand new classmates. For the most part, they were being largely ignored, while I kept getting whispers and heavily flirtatious compliments from every single stud, including the upperclassman. 

They said things like, 'Don't leave without giving me your number', 'You're the hottest girl here', 'Boston needs more high desert princesses'. Flattery was getting them all considerably further than nowhere, as the shots and beer continued to flow. All drinks were either paid for by them or on the house. The time between about now in the story and when the videotape I've since been allowed to watch starts is rather hazy, but it consisted of more drinking, and them all helping me get back to my dorm room, as well as meeting up with a few more brothers on the way.

From here on the memories are recounted with the help of my now boyfriend, who was part of it, and a video that was shot with the intention of proving it was consensual, to cover them in the event I took some kind of action against them. I do remember most of it, whatever they gave me between now and the hot and heavy part helps me wake up. I believe I was given some ecstasy or maybe molly mixed in drinks, this has always been denied. It certainly felt like it. I felt less inhibited then my normal goodie goodie self, even after that much drinking. 

Once back to the room all the boys helped me unpack, so that happened rather quickly. That's when truth or dare started. Now, at the beginning of the video, you only see me. I was just sitting in a chair, legs crossed, looking nervous, but at no time did I make a move for the door. There was a large guy standing in front of it but in retrospect, he probably would have let me out, especially on film. 

I never answered any of the questions negatively either. I don't know if it was because it was in my room that part of me felt what was going to happen was not inevitable, if I was so erotically charged that I wanted it to happen, or if the questioner was a psych student who knew exactly what to say. Most likely the answer is all three are true. But I relive the story in my head almost daily like I am about to do here, and become outrageously aroused every single time.

"Thomas, truth or dare?"

"Dare."

"Take your pants off, put this mask on." It was a devil mask, red with horns, a plastic one you would find at a halloween store for five dollars. 

"Aurora, truth or dare?"

"Um, Truth, duh."

"Are you having fun"? 

"Yes."

"Michael, truth or dare?"

Michael answered dare, in fact, they all did, and between each one being dared to do the same thing Tom had, I was asked more "Truths". Was I a virgin, no. Did I enjoy sex, yes? Was I looking forward to having lots of sex at school, yes, depending on the boys obviously. Had I ever been with a girl, once? You get the idea of the types of questions. 

After each of the young men all had masks on and no pants, the first dare was for Tom to start masturbating. At this point you can you could see I was fidgety and my blue eyes were darting around the room rapidly, trying to hide what I knew was a huge amount of arousal. They all laughed and the dared one complies, his cock was immaculate and rock hard before he even poked it thru the hole in his boxers. As a matter of fact, I could tell almost all of them were. 

"Aurora, truth or dare?" Oh god, maybe I should just say dare and get this over with. "Truth."

"Does Tom have a nice cock?"

"Yes." I've never been any good at lying. 

After each boy was now stroking himself in front of me, I had been asked if I have ever given a blowjob, if I was at all turned on right now, if I was comfortable, if I was looking forward to being at school, when suddenly comes the question that changed everything fast.

"Aurora, have you ever thought about being gangbanged?"

"Yes." Again, I have a hard time lying, and it came out fast, too fast.

"Aurora, are you thinking about it now?"

"Yes." My hands pushed into my crotch in an effort to hide the flood I felt coming on thru my yoga pants.

"Would you like to have sex with everyone here?"

I just nodded, but it was clearly a yes. When this had been indicated you could see three of them come and lift me up and carry me to the bed, and the camera followed, all of their faces safely hidden by masks. Some even had tape covering tattoos. My wrists were rapidly taped to my ankles and a leather bit was fastened onto my head. A scissors was produced and my tights, fleece and tank top were being cut off. I will never in my life forget what was said next.

"Aurora, as by far the hottest freshman on campus, you have been selected for freshman disorientation. No one here is going to hurt you, in fact, you are about to experience an astounding amount of pleasure. If you want it to stop just say the words 'code red' Can you say it for me now?"

"Code red," I repeated, shivering. He called me a good girl and put the bit in my mouth. 

"If for whatever reason you can't speak, snap your fingers rapidly or clap your hands rapidly. I realize you can't clap right now but snap your fingers for me doll." I snapped them once. By this time one of the boys was playing with my soaking wet pussy thru my panties while another was rubbing my smallish but firm b-cup breasts. One was lovingly stroking my thick red hair. 

Before my bra and panties were cut off I believe I may have already come once. I know two of the boys had and were ridiculed for it. I was first fucked by two of the boys in this position, Cliff and Tom, both with large beautiful dicks. Neither was rough and each took his time, telling me how hot I was and how much fun I was about to have. Lube was being spread all over me and my wrists were freed from my ankles when it became obvious I wasn't gonna put up a fight, and the time had come to flip me over.

"Look at that ass! Ten out of ten, easily!" I heard. It really is my best asset, and the tan lines showed I sunbathe in a thong. One of the boys then removed the bit and soon I was sucking my first cock since my last boyfriend's over a year ago. It was readily apparent I'd been craving it. Another entered me from behind, gently squeezing my cheeks, spreading them, then rubbing my curved hips. They weren't being rough at all, and this served to quickly put me into a state of ecstatic sensuality.

I was rocking my hips, meeting his slow thrusts, sucking the thumping cock in my mouth with fervor, swirling my tongue around the head. I even took it all into my throat at one point without gagging at all. I'm not sure if they were being as quiet as they were because they were as into this as I was, or because it was a dorm, but it was quiet enough that I could hear myself moaning, as well as a few of them whispering what they wanted to, and were going to, do to me.

I felt lube being spread on my ass, and a thumb pushing on it. I loosened and let it in, and then my ass has been used for the first time. One boy climbed under me and as I felt the guy behind me slide out of my pussy, the one under me took his place, kissing my neck while I blew his buddy.

He firmly grabbed my hips, played with nipples with his tongue then sucked them. Within a few more minutes, the one I was blowing said he was gonna cum, and asked me where I wanted it. I told him on my back and started making out with his buddy under me while he spurted onto the back of my neck and between my shoulders. While this was happening I felt the thumb fucking my butt being removed and then replaced by a cock head. Someone produced what I later learn were poppers, and told me to inhale them deeply. The anal was at first slightly painful and I almost cried code red, but deep down I didn't want them to stop, at all. 

"Jesus Aurora you are hot as fuck! I don't think anyone expected this kind of response. Have you done this before?" Cliff asked.

"No, but I want it." This seemed to trigger something primal in them. The boy under me started bucking hard, another came up to feed me his stiffened erection. The guy in my ass was now fucking it harder, the lube and my relaxed hole now accepting it fully and it was actually very enjoyable. 

"I want the three of you to come at the same time, no one pulls out." It sounded somewhat devious but delicious too, and I decided that I wanted it. I started writhing and cooing uncontrollably, anticipating this unholy four-way climax. I was getting fucked in the pussy, ass and face, all very hard when it happened. All four of us came at the same time, sperm gushing into me from every direction, as I exploded and released a massive orgasm that started at my very core, the place these three men had seemingly penetrated.

Probably within an hour, everyone had gotten off on or in me. Some more than once, myself included. Cliff kissed me on the forehead, saying: 

"Aurora you are one hell of a girl. None of us expected this to be this amazing. My brothers and pledges here have lost zero respect for you, as this was set up before you even got here. You never really stood a chance. That being said, you also could have stopped at any time and didn't, which is a testament to your mental toughness and raw sexuality. They have all been sworn to never speak of this, even to each other. This has been recorded but no one will ever see it, except for me, unless you talk about what happened here to anyone at all. Anything you ever need, anything at all, just come to our frat house and ask anyone in this room and you will get it. Isn't that right fellas?" 

"Yes brother Cliff," they replied, almost in unison. Well, truth be told, after a shower, a nap and some food, there I was, knocking on the door of the fraternity, not even sure what it was I was looking for. Whatever it was, I wanted it bad. I have never been the same since that night and probably never will be.