 Chapter 1

Everyone told me college was unlike any schooling I had experienced before. My parents told me that, my teachers, my counselor, my older brother, just about everybody.

And, now, as I started my freshman year, I was seeing that they were exactly right. It was adult, for one thing, you were on your own. I saw just how grown-up things were when I got to know my new roommate, Shannon. Especially when she told me she was bisexual.

Well, my roommate.

Now, before you think badly of me, I don't have any basic problem with anyone's sexual preference, it's just that I really never knew any lesbian or bisexual girls in high school. Well, at least that I knew of. I mean, nobody carried signs or anything.

I told her that it was fine with me but, then, did wonder if she might make a pass at me sometime or bring another girl into our room and, well, do lesbian things.

I wasn't totally naive, I knew that lesbians used dildos and strap-ons, oral sex and the like. I had had oral sex myself with, well, maybe I shouldn't say his name, let's just leave it as a boyfriend in high school and I can sure say it was exciting. It was the best orgasm of my life. We used to give each other oral sex because it was safe, you can't get pregnant that way, and we both didn't think we were ready for regular sex.

The first two weeks with Shannon as a roommate went by fine, no touching of a sexual nature, so I figured that she's keeping a certain distance or maybe she's involved with someone on an exclusive basis.

Then, on the second Friday of the term, I opened the door, entering our room and Shannon was standing next to her bed, just wearing a thong and a friend was on her bed, wearing little-boy shorts and a bra.

"Oh, hi, Brandy, this is Alma, we knew each other in high school."

We exchanged pleasantries as I compared both these girls. Shannon, standing there topless, actually it seems the first time I've seen her breasts openly, had nice, small breasts, very firm looking, small, pink nipples, they were large A- or small B-cups.

Alma, even though she was wearing a bra, the tops of her breasts overflowed their cups, she had to be C-, maybe even D-cups. Then, I noticed the dildo and the strap-on penis thing on the dresser.

"Um, I...sorry, um, I can come back later, if you want."

"No, it's all right, it's your room, too, Brandy."

"Well, yeah, I'm sorry but...but maybe I'm...uh, well, I ought to leave and let you two, um..."

Shannon came over to me and whispered in my ear, "It's okay, Brandy, stop apologizing. It's fine. You can stay if you want, you live here too. And, we're not embarrassed, we were just going to have some fun together."

"Don't you want some privacy?"

"We really don't care, Brandy. Maybe it'll add to your overall life experience," and she laughed.

"You're sure, I mean, it is kind of intimate, right?"

"Brandy, we don't care, it's as simple as that. You're a girl, too, you've seen tits and pussies before, right?", Shannon said as I looked beyond her to Alma who was sitting on the bed, back to the wall, knees up, her hand down in her shorts, rubbing herself with her fingers.

"Well, yes, but...well, I'll try not to bother you."

She gave me a hug which rather surprised me and then she went and sat on her bed with Alma while pulling off her thong.

The surprise of her hug was not that she did it, no, it was my reaction to it. Or, my pussy's reaction to being hugged by my nearly naked roommate. I lay down on my bed and closed my eyes as I eased off my sandals. I was feeling a sexual buzz, I was turned-on, excited, horny; from a woman.

I turned my head toward them and Shannon was unhooking Alma's bra, releasing her breasts which must have been D's or DD's, they were really large. But, they were also quite beautiful, no sag, no droop, they really stood out and were capped with large, pink nipples.

Shannon's hands began kneading Alma's breasts, then she leaned forward and took a nipple in her mouth and began sucking. Alma's hands were also fondling Shannon's boobs and my breathing was getting faster and faster.

I unbuttoned my pants and slid a hand down inside, under my panties, spreading my knees and rubbing along my crease as I watched them. Alma was fingering Shannon's pussy as she pulled Alma's shorts and panties off. Now they were both naked and Shannon was getting up over Alma in the 'sixty-nine' position and they were both licking and tonguing each other.

Spreading my knees a bit further, I slid my middle finger up into me, going in easily because of all my excitement watching the two lovers across the room. They were hot.

I lay there on my side watching them, two fingers inside me, my other hand up under my shirt and bra pinching and rubbing my nipple as they pleasured one another. And, pleasure, it was. They were both moaning and humping each other and it just looked so, so sexy. Their beautiful, naked bodies, so curvy and smooth, it was a wonder to watch.

The whole room was awash in sex, I don't know that I have ever been so fully aroused in my life. I never thought much about girl-on-girl sex, it never particularly interested me but, now, watching Shannon and Alma, all that skin and breasts and hands and mouths, oh, it was so erotic, just the biggest turn-on of my life.

I pushed down my pants and got my shirt off and was laying there in panties and bra, still fingering myself, as each of them had orgasms, wonderful, thrilling orgasms. Shannon had turned herself around and was now laying on top of Alma kissing her, Alma's legs spread wide with her lover moving her pelvis around between her legs, both girls moaning and happy.

"Looks like you enjoyed watching us, Brandy," Shannon said as she got up and walked over to my bed.

"Yes, it was beautiful, really. I'd never seen two girls making love before, it was exciting."

"Did you get yourself off?"

"Well, no, but I can later."

She reached down and took my hand, pulling me up into her arms as she held me close and kissed me, running her tongue into my mouth. Then, I felt my bra loosen, she had unhooked the back and now was taking it off my shoulders.

As my bra hit the floor, her hands were cupping my breasts as she bent over and began kissing them. I just stood there, my pussy so aroused, more so than I think I'd ever been excited before. As my nipple went in her mouth and she began to suck, every pull also made my pussy throb, it was wonderful.

Then, as she was sucking, I felt a finger work up under the elastic of my panties and in between my legs. Yes, I wanted it, I thought, as I spread my stance so she could have more room underneath me.

She stood up, leaned forward and kissed me, sliding her tongue into my mouth just as she slid her finger into my pussy. My whole body felt like it was melting. And, her tongue moved in and out of my mouth with the same rhythm as her finger in my pussy. It was so carnal, so sexy, so hot. I was being fucked in the mouth with her tongue and in my pussy by her finger as she was rubbing around on my breasts with her other hand.

I pulled her down onto my bed as she jerked my panties off, pushed my knees apart and put her head between my thighs and began kissing and licking all around under me.

There was a boyfriend who used to do this to me, as I've said, but, oh, when Shannon did it, it was just so much better. Maybe I was already so sexed-up, so excited after watching them give each other orgasms, then Shannon being all over me, kissing me, fingering me, making me crazy with lust.

It was hardly any time at all before I had the most wonderful orgasm, it was just spectacular. I pulled her up to me and kissed her and hugged her as she whispered in my ear, "Oh, girl, I've been dreaming of doing that, you have the nicest pussy," and she ran her tongue into my ear.

She then stood up and pulled me up my the arm and led me over to her bed where Alma sat, back against the wall, knees up, legs wide, running a finger in and out of herself.

"You two really looked hot. Was that your first time with a girl, Brandy?" Alma asked.

"Yes, it wasn't something I'd planned on but, wow, it sure got me off."

"It sure did, I watched you and you really had one hell of an orgasm. See, girls can be fun, too," and Shannon sat down next to her and began kissing her and feeling her boobs as I stood there, feeling a drip running down my leg, realizing that I was unconsciously pinching my left nipple as we talked.

As Shannon and Alma were making out, I stood there watching, really not thinking of very much, just aglow in the sex I had with Shannon a few minutes before, when suddenly the door to our room flew open and a guy walked right in. I immediately jumped toward my bed, grabbing my sheet and putting it around me.

"Hi, Shan, oh, I see you two are having fun," he says, then turns to me and asks, "Who are you? I'm Paul, a friend of Shannon's," as he twists the door lock behind him.

"Um, I'm Brandy, um, well, nice meeting you." Well, what the hell was I supposed to say?

"Hi, Alma, don't let me stop your fun, you know how it all turns me on, right?"

Now, I had seen this guy around the campus, he was very nice looking, now I was wondering if he was gay, maybe gay guys liked to be around lesbians, god, what did I know about all this stuff anyway; me, from my small midwestern town, population barely nine hundred.

"Is she bi-, too," he asked Shannon, nodding in my direction.

Shannon started laughing and said, "Well, we're trying to convert her, to convince her that it's the way to go, we may have made some progress."

Then, as Shannon and Alma got back into it, Paul stood there, I was still wrapped in my sheet, and he proceeded to take his clothes off. Not really knowing him and being somewhat shy, I focussed my attention on the two girls across the room, trying to divert my interest from our newcomer's body as it became exposed.

He took a few steps toward me, reached down, took my hand and pulled me up off my bed and into his arms as he kissed me. I was surprised but, the whole evening had been a surprise and I didn't try to resist, after all, I was sexed beyond belief and, he was a very good-looking guy. I had the sheet more or less wrapped around me but as I let go to put my arms around our new guest, he just pulled it away and I was left there naked in his arms kissing him with his cock pressed hard into me.

All through high school, I dated quite a bit but never went all the way, never got fucked. I had my top and bra off for several boys, and was finger-fucked by two, gave handjobs to four and blowjobs to two. So, I had some experience but was still a virgin. But, as Paul held me and kissed me, our naked bodies tight together, I knew that was all about to change. It just seemed inevitable.

As Paul held me, we both began watching the two girls as Shannon continued eating out Alma on Shannon's bed. Paul leaned next to my ear and whispered, "Don't worry, you'll get your turn, just relax and we'll all have some fun."

I did try to relax, yes, it was all new and certainly unexpected, and I figured that part of becoming more relaxed about the whole situation would be to reach down and feel Paul's cock which I did.

"Mmm, that's nice, Brandy," and he kissed me again, his hands down gripping my butt, pulling my middle hard into his, my hand trying to move up and down on him as we kissed on.

I widened my stance and pushed his cock between my legs which were so wet and he started humping back and forth between my legs, not in my pussy, just rubbing along the length of my labia, feeling really quite wonderful, making my pussy lips feel so alive and excited as he continued kissing me.

We were kissing as Alma was having an orgasm which we paused to watch. Paul didn't pause his fucking me between my legs, however, he kept that up which was feeling very nice.

The girls now traded places as Alma began licking Shannon's pussy while her hands were up on Shannon's breasts massaging them.

"Mmm, Brandy, this feels good, I've never done it without going in the girl's pussy before. But, wow, this is nice. Is it nice for you?"

"Yeah, it you feel really good sliding on my pussy like that, yeah, it feels great."

"God, I think I could get off doing this, just think, I could have been doing this to girls even before they went on the pill."

There was plenty of moaning and whimpering from across the room as we stood there, to anyone watching, standing there fucking but there was no penetration, just good feelings from rubbing.

I was in Paul's arms, his hips moving in and out, his cock sliding back and forth across my pussy, oh, it felt good. The two girls were snuggled together, their hands enjoying each other whispering and chuckling. Then they both got up and came over to Paul and I.

"We think Brandy needs some fun, so what do you say, Brandy? There's three of us and we can make you feel better than you've ever felt before."

Well, I was already so hot that I replied, "I'm all your's," and Shannon went and pulled the mattress off her bed and put it on the floor between our beds.

Chapter 2

"Lay down, Brandy, um, let me get....here they are," and she got out two scarves as I dropped down on the bed laying on my back. Both girls tied my wrists to each bed and then they each gripped an ankle and pulled my legs apart as Paul shoved a pillow under my butt.

Paul knelt down and began licking me as Shannon and Alma held my legs up and apart. Oh, was this sexy. I was so turned-on, so aroused, my pussy felt like it had a buzzer inside it. He knelt licking and tonguing me on and on until I couldn't stand it any longer.

"OOH, OOH, OOH, I'm cumming, omigod, that's so good, oh, oh, mmm," and he got up between my legs with his cock and rubbed it up and down.

"Oh, Brandy, you on the pill?" he asked. "Yes, three months now," and he pushed hard and his dick pushed up into me as Shannon and Alma held my legs.

Did I feel full. Paul had a pretty big cock, the last one I saw was when I was a junior in high school and the boy was also a junior. I expect Paul might be three or so years older and he seemed to really fill me tight.

He pulled back and forth as I felt him going deeper each time, then all the way in as he pushed hard down into me as Shannon and Alma each held up a leg and rubbed my inner thigh with a free hand.

Paul kept fucking into me as he rubbed my breasts, his long cock sliding in, then out, over and over. I was breathing so hard, my heart pounding, now no longer a virgin, being well-fucked with the prospect of more sex than I had ever dreamed of. And, I was wanting it all.

The two girls kept rubbing my thigh with one hand, now rubbing close to where Paul was fucking me, their fingers rubbing in the juices all around my pussy, their fingers stroking along my outer labia just sending me into a sexual frenzy as I trembled and moaned.

"Oh, fuck me, Paul, god, it feels so good, fuck me, fuck me," I called out, just overwhelmed with a sexual craving like I had never felt as fully before. I was consumed with lust just wanting all the sex I could possibly have. My first fuck, happening right now, was just the beginning, I wanted more and more and more.

He was now taking short, fast strokes in and out of me, just up over me, thrusting his hips faster and faster, fucking and fucking me, until my passion just overflowed.

"UUNGH, UUNGH, OOOH, OOOH, oh, oh, oh," and I just let myself slacken and relax as Paul bent his knees keeping his cock inside me as he went in and out of me, keeping the same pace, then, throwing his head back and driving his hips forward, he called out, "Oh, I'm cumming, oooh, oooh, ooh, oh, oh, mmm," as he continued fuck me.

Soon, however, both girls let go of my legs and Paul pulled out of me and said, "Thank you, Brandy, I hope it was good for you. You're a wonderful fuck."

"I...It was really something. I've never done it before. It was my first time."

"Oh, wow, I didn't know that, I would have done it differently if I'd known."

"Oh, don't worry, whew, it was wonderful, just what you did."

"What about us, Brandy?," Shannon asked.

"What do you want to do?" I asked not knowing just where this might lead.

Shannon went and picked up the strap-on dildo and belted it on then came back over to me and said, "I want to fuck you now, okay?"

I smiled and Paul and Alma lifted my feet back up in the air as Shannon knelt down and licked me for a minute, then squirted some lube on the dildo and began easing it into me. I was looking at Shannon's face as she began fucking me, it seemed surreal that here was a pretty woman's face and figure in front of me as I felt a cock going in and out every time she thrust in or pulled back.

Again, Alma's and Paul's hands were stroking my inner thighs and rubbing along my labia as my roommate fucked me and I rubbed my breasts. I just kept going up and up in sexual excitement, this was incredible, I just never imagined such things happened but I was sure that I wanted to be part of whatever these three did in the future.

"Oh, I love fucking my little roommate," Shannon panted as she thrust back and forth, the big, long rubber cock grinding in and out of me. "Yeah, I've wanted this, Brandy, I've laid awake nights finger-fucking myself dreaming about this, mmm, is it good? You like me fucking you?"

"God, I never thought anything like this would ever happen but, yes, yes, I love it, oh, god, I've never been so turned-on in all my life. I could do this forever. Oh, what a night."

"We're just starting to have some fun, honey, I'll do you next," Alma said with a grin.

Shannon leaned over and pushed as far into me as she could, then ground her hips back and forth as I bucked against her. This was so incredible, I never knew sex could be so overwhelming. But I never imagined three people giving me sex, either.

Shannon began rubbing my clit as Paul and Alma rubbed the sides of my pussy as Shannon fucked me with the strap-on, it was like I was totally immersed in sex, every nerve was turned-on, I was excited all over, every inch of my body.

Then, I just couldn't stop it, my body began to shake and tremble, I was moaning, quaking, then it was as if a blinding white light lit up the whole world and my body was swamped with ecstasy as surges of the most pleasurable feelings of my life washed over and over me. I was in a spell of pure rapture. Everything in the room seemed to disappear except the joy my body felt.

Gradually, Shannon, first, then, Paul and Alma came back into my awareness as I felt Shannon continue stroking the dildo in and out of me, slowly now, as I came back down to earth.

"When do I get my turn, Brandy?" Alma asked.

"I'm a little sore but if you want to, go ahead, what a night this has been. I never thought a person could get so much sex."

Paul and Shannon held my legs as Alma got down and licked my open pussy for a few minutes. Then, she stood up and put on the strap-on dildo and pressed the head right into me as the other two stretched my legs apart.

They were rubbing alongside my pussy using the juices that were flowing from me to lubricate their stroking fingers as Alma pressed down into me, then began pulling up. I was being fucked again, now the third time tonight and I was a virgin before that. I was splayed out, being fucked by a woman with a strap-on, all I could think of is just what my mother might think if she could see me now. I almost laughed.

My humor was quickly taken over by the erotic feeling of being caressed by two and fucked by another. I really didn't think I could have another orgasm and wasn't really aiming for one. Alma was going slowly which was good because I was becoming somewhat sore and she began softly rubbing little circles around my clit which was excited and exposed.
