 So we cleaned up, put some clothes on and Paul and I went into the studio, and with my directions, got things set for the afternoon's photo shoot. Paul had never experienced a session, let alone one with four freshman art students. I had advertised for models at the University and said I was willing to pay up to $500 per model for a day's fashion modeling. No experience was necessary, just a good complexion, good attitude and ability to take direction, and enough self-confidence to be photographed in skimpy clothing and possible naked. I occasionally get jobs for local, high end, retail stores who want custom advertising photography done with main-stream fashions. So of those who applied, I picked four, two 18 year old girls, one 18 year old boy and one 19 year old. Oh, yes, and they had to have proper ID... no faking allowed.

Annie was a dark haired Italian, olive complexion, 5' 6" tall with a small but curvy frame, very cute dark eyes, and nice facial structure, very photogenic.

I paired her with Miko, a 19 year old whose heritage brought him from Barbados, and who possessed a wonderful 'café au lait' complexion, a good compliment to Annie. He was about 5' 10", and with a solid build, not overly muscled, nor raked, and seemed to have made a conscious effort to display his 'junk' well packed into a pair of chinos.

Brianna (Bri) was an escapee from Erin's Isle, Ireland. I have never seen such a fiery red-head. Red eyebrows, a true copper colored, seriously freckled, blue eyed beauty. Standing all of 5' 2", and a nice rack on her chest, and very shapely legs extending from a pair of very short shorts, so short and tight, I could see the bottom of her ass cheeks and the outline of her labia..

Finally James, or Jimmie as he informed me, another Irish descendant, red hair, very fair skin, almost albino in pigment, and I wondered, if he was ALL red, as he seemed to have no eyebrows, and hardly any bulge in his jean shorts. His thin frame of 5'6"almost dissolved when he turned sideways, but was still a good photo match for Bri.

They arrived as we were finishing a rough lighting scheme which I would modify as the fashions, people, their chemistry and my mood dictated.

We set up a pair of changing rooms, made up of draped sheets, in opposite corners of the studio, brought in the racks of men's and women's clothing in several sizes, introduced everyone, and I explained what the client wanted, showed them the props available, my rough sketches of the photos I would take, and the cloths; shirts, shorts, blouses, tube tops, bras, panties, thongs, men's briefs and some very revealing swim ware, etc. They were informed, ahead of time to not wear underwear, to arrive commando, no bras, tight panties, thongs or anything which would leave a mark on their bodies, as that meant more of my time Photo-shopping the marks off. I sent Bri off to the changing area to remove her shorts as they appeared too tight and wanted her to loose whatever red marks / creases they might have left on her thighs and ass. The remainder of the talent was moved through the several scenarios, introduced to Paul and the basics of a fashion photo shoot.

We picked the first clothing scenario and off they went to change. We set the lights and began shooting. They looked really into the 'acting' and we got some great shots as they became more familiar with each other and began joking and teasing, touching, leaning on, (flirting, I am sure) with each other.

About two hours into the session, we took a break and I broke out a cooler with beer and wine and a few snacks. The kids really were thirsty as the four of them put away two six packs of beer and most of the snacks. As we were about to begin the next section, swim ware, my dear wife showed up... in her own bikini. The boys did take immediate notice as her shapely ass cheeks were barely contained by the bikini bottoms and the front was pulled into a wonderful 'camel-toe' of her labia. Her breasts were spilling out and I swear I saw her nipples standing at attention. She was bare foot and absolutely beautiful. 

"What can I do to help?" she asked. 

"Oh, I think we can find something to involve you. Just let's get on to the next change, OK?" With that I headed the boys into their area and indicated the swim wear I wanted them to wear...Speedo's. 

"Are you shitting me? I'm supposed to wear that?" came the complaint from Miko when he saw the minimal size of the suit. 

"You want to get paid?" I asked? 

"Wait until you see what the girls are wearing, then express your complaint." 

I noticed Jimmie was out of his clothes and trying to get his legs into his Speedo and that's when I noticed he was a through and through red. His cock and balls were hidden in a forest of bright red hair. I wondered just how big that little guy would get.

When Jimmie emerged from the changing room, his orange pubic hair was escaping the sides of the smallish suit... not a vision to be photographed. I went for a pair of fabric scissors and handed them to Liz with instructions to trim his bush so it did not escape the Speedo. She just smiled at me as she reached for Jimmie's arm and led him to the back changing room. The other three only starred at Liz and then at me as they disappeared behind the changing curtain. That is when the girls noticed the incredible bulge in Miko's Speedo, and, again, I shook my head, took his arm and went to the other changing area and teach him how a man 'tucks' 

"What the fuck, man?" 

"Look" I said rather loudly, "If you are going to get along in this modeling world and with that large a package, you need to learn how to place your cock and balls in a tight place." 

I then pulled down the Speedo. That's when I noticed he was clean shaven, no pubic hair, all the way around, none on his balls or on his ass or ass cheeks. Then, with little ceremony I showed him how to tuck his flaccid cock down, between his balls, and, if it were to get any longer while flaccid, continue to route it to this rear and into his crack. When I lifted the Speedo up and he held his junk in place, it produced a very comfortable, smooth finish. I could not wait to get that thing hard and in my mouth!

Jimmie and Liz emerged from the changing area, Liz had a very red face, and Jimmie had the same problem Miko had... no place for the now expanded package. Liz had had a little more fun with Jimmie and he obviously reacted to her ministrations. So, again, I led Jimmie to the changing area, pulled his Speedo down, admired Liz handy work with the red forest, and showed Jimmie how to tuck. He did a fine job of re-assembling his junk, and with a nice smooth finish, (one more cock I was impatient to taste) returned to the studio, only to be greeted by two lovely, shy nearly naked young girls.

Their 'suits' were little more than 'Wicked Weasel' look alikes, small triangles for each breast held together with thin ties to the back of the neck and around to the back. The bottoms were also triangles, maybe 50% larger than the tops but with, again, only a small thong style strap up through the cheeks and over the hips. As they moved, they were conscious of 'things' being shown, slipping out of place. The boys were growing in their Speedo's, Liz had developed a substantial wet spot in her bikini bottoms and Paul was nearly unconscious as he watch me move and arrange the bodies in order to accomplish what I was supposed to be doing.

Annie filled out the suit very nicely as she was completely trimmed, bald as a baby's bottom. When she moved, her labia were visible through the material which was not supposed to be transparent... looks like someone was wet. Bri, on the other hand, was having a difficult time as she was not completely bald, sporting a two inch circle of red pubic hair just above her clit. It just plain looked strange. I suggested trimming and shaving, and reminded Bri that she was being paid for this and that it would grow back. Liz, again, volunteered to get the job done, heading off to the bathroom for the proper tools, with Bri in tow. We all starred in lustful ways as her small ass cheeks did not cover the thong strap and her pink pucker was just visible as she walked away. 

I returned to posing the three remaining, as all seemed to be calming down, that is until I placed Annie in a position, on her side with one knee up and her head on her hand. It looked like a very comfortable pose, until Miko noticed the thong tie had slipped up into her pussy, essentially exposing all her goodies every time she moved. No fool, Jimmie noticed as did Paul and suddenly I had a silent staring section on my hands. Annie immediately noticed, lowered her knee, as I was about to get the shot, and yelled to her to return her knee to the previous position. She did so, but was now flushed and had a very wet / dripping pussy. Liz and Bri returned just as I was yelling, and I was happy for the distraction. Bri, noticing Annie's distress, grabbed some tissues and went to soak up the offending leaking liquid from Annie's pussy. In the process, Bri got on all fours, ass in the air, freshly shaved pussy visible as her thong string also disappeared up into her ass checks and labia. 

"OK, enough. I have work to do. As soon as I get a few more shots of all boys and girls, we can let go, get drunk and enjoy the rest of the day. But let's get serious." 

So it was, asses, pussy, cocks, tits, they were all there, being exposed, slightly, some more than others and finally I was able to get the sometimes more conservative than 'R' rated photos off. I knew I was going to have to do some photo retouching, a labia lip here, a nipple there, and a cock's head there all seemed to be eager to escape. Then I looked over at my wife, Liz, who had her fingers in her pussy, bikini bottom pushed to the side and her nipple being messaged through her top. Paul had his hands in his pants and was looking sore and ready to cum.

"OK, that's a wrap." I yelled. And Miko pulled his Speedo off his body in one fast, fluid motion. His cock immediately sprang out from its confinement and he began to stroke and minister to its growing needs as he stared at Liz and her fingers in her pussy. Jimmie was following suit and his Speedo was coming off, exposing a very substantial cock and balls in a severely trimmed forest of red pubic hair. I handed each boy a beer and Paul brought out the Tequila and the shot glasses. Annie and Bri just looked at each other and at the now two naked boys. Apparently not knowing what to do next (was this going to become an orgy?) Liz broke the female ice and stripped off her top and bottom, and sucked in a large breath of air, as if she had been just dying to do that all afternoon. Paul, no fool was out of his cloths in a heartbeat, and well, when in Rome... the girls obliged the five pair of starring eyes and undid their dental floss swim suits (do women actually swim in these things?).

Let the debauchery begin. I just stood there as I had never experienced such sexual tension between seven people, four of which had never met previously, that is outside of class. Tequila shots were being poured and downed, beer chasers were also in the mix, and we were laughing about some of the poses, the exposed flesh and suddenly... six of the naked people realized they were naked, horny, drunk and sexually charged. I stepped back, got my Nikon, exchanged the digital storage cards for new empty ones and just watched.

Bri and Jimmie were the first to hit the floor, fast into a 69 and Bri buried her face in his cock. Jimmie surprised us all by his aggressiveness, spreading Bri's legs as far as he could and began to ferociously devour her pussy, causing her to cry out in pleasure.

Miko and Annie, well, he had his cock in her pussy before they hit the floor. Sucking on her breasts, on her neck, rolling her on top of him and then over again, several times, they all behaved like pure animals whose aggression, frustration, fear, joy, all of the above were suddenly finding their release.

Paul and Liz were fondling and feeling and grabbing and... Then Paul broke their lock and he came over to me and asked 

"Do you have any condoms? I REALLY need to feel a pussy around my cock and I want to respect your wishes about her fertile state right now." 

"OK, Buddy, wait here". I went into the house proper and into my bedroom, gathered up a box of Magnums and returned to the studio. Handing them to him I said, 

"NO BLOOD. Do not hurt her, do not stretch her out. No more than two fingers in any of her holes. Got it?" 

"Yes, boss, I understand and will not damage the merchandise".

The boys overheard and saw what transpired, came over to me and questioned why I had turned over my wife to my roommate, who was going to fuck and sodomize her? 

I explained "Paul and I have known each other since the first days of college. I introduced him to his first wife. She was dating and fucking me at the time, OK, so I also introduced him to his second and third and fourth wives, most of whom I fucked first. Liz and Paul and I have had flirtations for some time and as recent as this morning, we got it on but he did not fuck her. She is at that time of month when she is fertile. So, if he wears a condom and is gentle with her, I don't mind and I keep Liz from being bored with just my cock. Other times of the month, we have invited others to join us and we fuck like rabbits. It's what we like. Not for everyone. Answer your curiosity?" 

"Yeah" they all said, and then the two girls pulled me aside from the boys and told me;

"Hey, professor, if you ever get to the point where, you know, you need some company, you know, like if Liz needs time to herself and, well you know, well, we can be available to help you through any tough spots, you know?" 

Very sweet, I thought, two eighteen-year-old girls willing to 'help me through the night'. Damn, two nubile cunts at once, I cannot wait.

Noises were coming from the other side of the changing curtains so the five of us when to see what Paul and Liz were up to. We pulled down the curtains to find Liz bent over a large prop chair, ass in the air and a condom covered cock pounding her pussy while his fingers were deep into her ass. The boys looked at me, I looked at their surging cocks and I motioned them to the other side and to the willing mouth of my wife. Her hands grouped for their cocks and one by one found their way into her mouth. Jimmie eventually stayed at her mouth, while Miko, pulled me aside and whispered his intensions in my ear. As I agreed, he grabbed his big cock, decided to climb 'mount Liz' and, in fact, with his ass facing Paul, mounted her ass as Paul pounded her pussy. It required much spit and some lube to get his uncircumcised cock into her near virgin ass, but Tequila can be a great relaxer of tight sphincter muscles. Three shots later and she was feeling no pain, he slid in easily and rode her tight hole. Paul's eyes bulged and looked to me as if to say, "Are you serious?" But there it was, she had a cock in her pussy, ass and mouth and she was very happy. I found myself hard as I watched my wife in total ecstasy, being pounded in all holes and groaning in total pleasure.

As I stood there watching, I felt hands laid upon my person, as the two teen girls had had enough of watching and seemed to want some action; me. They pulled me over to the other changing area, removed my camera from my hands and began to undress me, which was quick as I wear few cloths. I was suddenly naked and being attended to by two beautiful 18 year old students. Miss Annie gobbled my 10-inch cock up, while Miss Bri was at my rear, sucking on my balls and running a pair of fingers around and into my ass hole. They slowly laid me down and both continued to nibble, suck and lick my oversized cock, occasionally, one or the other would attempt to get all of me into their mouths and throats, with some success before gaging on its length and girth. But it was Miss Bri who mounted my cock first, slowly fitting its size into her very pink hole. Oh, my. Was she ever tight? 

I asked her "How many cocks have been in this tight, wet wonderland of yours?" 

She replied, sheepishly, "Only three like yours. The others never made it, cumming before they could penetrate me". 

"So, how many times have you attempted sex with a male?" 

"Only five cocks have been inside me, and none of them really lasted long enough to cum in me. They all got scared because I am so tight". 

Even Annie was looking on concerned, and asked "Have you ever been with another girl" 

Bri, again lowered her head, slowed her rhythm on my cock and said that she, in fact, "I prefer girls to boys. They know how to make me feel very sexy and satisfied, and I like pleasing them with my mouth and fingers". 

With that said, Annie leaned forward, began kissing Bri, hard on the lips and I could see Bri responding to her lips, extending tongues back and forth. Annie was not forgetting me as her fingers also went to my cock and to Bri's clit, messaging both and bringing Bri to a fast climbing, ear splitting orgasm that rolled her off my cock and onto the rug next to me. Annie proceeded to mount Bri in a girls '69' position and each giving the other a severe pussy / tongue lashing. Not to be, again, left out, with Annie on top, I brought my cock around to her ass and pushed into her tight pussy, which was also as tight as Bri's. I leaned down to Annie's ear and whispered a question.

"So, my young cunt, how many cocks have penetrated this tight hole of yours?" She answered, between breaths.

"I think you are the third, and so far the best. With your size you know how to please a pussy." 

I could feet Bri's hot breath on my balls as I fucked Annie and she minded Annie's clit and occasionally snuck a finger into her pussy alongside my cock, producing a squeal from Annie and a shot of pleasure from me. 

I soon announced I was about to come, and Annie turned her head around to say "Please, cum in me. I want to feel the squirt of your cum in my pussy". 

"Your wish is my command, my princess". And with that I let loose six solid squirts of prostrate juice laced with sperm. 

When I pulled out of Annie, I slipped into Bri's mouth which eagerly licked Annie and my combined juices clean off. I rolled off these two naked beauties only to see that the three boys and Liz had changed places, again. Now Paul was being sucked off, Jimmie was sinking his Irish cock into my wife's ass and Miko was condom wearing and into her pussy.

I was still horny (now come on, with all this young naked flesh around me... well it wasn't something I had to work at) and needed something else to wrap around my cock. Bri was close, her ass only inches from me, and so I re-positioned her body, face down, ass up and dropped some spit into her ass pucker. Then I thought about what I was going to do. I quickly got up, grabbed the tequila and a pair of shot glasses and returned to my work. I slowly dribbled the shot of white lightening on to her pucker and fingered it into her hole. About half way through the shot, she began to really relax her sphincter and I stuffed two fingers in and poured the remaining liquor around my fingers and into her hole. She yelled that it burned a little. But Annie quickly beat me there and began licking her asshole and enjoying a bit of the Tequila as it bubbled out. I poured another shot, offered it to Annie, who downed it and re positioned her mouth above Bri's now very pink pucker. She placed her lips on Bri's hole, parted it with her tongue and blew the Tequila into her asshole. She immediately pulled away and I stuffed my cock into a very tender, soft asshole which had suddenly lost its pucker. 

Absorbing the alcohol directly into the bowel, she was relaxed from the bottom up. It allowed me to push my cock well up and into her ass, a very tight and virgin ass, I might add. She screamed, bucked and cried, but my cock would have none of it and holding onto her hips, I rode her up and down like a bucking horse. The guys broke their hold on Liz and joined us. Miko asked if I could roll her over so he could get into her pussy. I obliged, running my hands under her and rolling her now on top of me, my cock still deep in her ass. Miko lifted her legs and spread them open so he could force his cock into her semi virgin pussy. Again there was a scream as he forced himself into her but the sound became muffled and I saw Paul stuffing his cock into her mouth. I could feel Miko's stiff rod in her pussy as he slid in and out of her tightness. Paul was fast gagging her as he pumped his cock into her throat, and we all heard her gag several times. I whispered in her ear that she should squeeze my wrist if she wanted us to stop or if she was beginning to panic. Her response was to shake her head, left to right on Paul's cock and gurgle "I WUVV ITT. DDDUNT STOPPPPP". The three boys came within seconds of each other, one grunting orgasm setting off another and we filled all her holes with whatever boy juice we had left.
