 Danielle stood in front of the third floor apartment door, trying to muster up the courage to knock. She had been here for almost two minutes, psyching herself up, confident in her outfit and overall look, but anxious about her demeanor and what might happen once she got inside.

 This is a story co-authored by myself and Brittni4u, who is one of my favorite writers on this site. I started writing it, sent it to her to write the next part, she sent it back, and so forth. A "....." indicates where authorship changes. 

 All comments are welcome, either in the comments section or via email in the contact tab. Please enjoy!

 .....

 She had walked here on shaky knees, anticipating that she would experience her second sexual experience tonight. How far she would go, or how far Brandon would push her to go, is what made her wary. 

 As she held her position in the middle of the hallway, she thought back to her first experience. Her boyfriend, Jeremy, had coaxed her out of the dance hall and out under the bleachers of the track facility. Having both recently turned eighteen, they were beyond anxious to lose their virginity to each other. 

 He was a typical high school boy, focused on one thing and one thing only. He laid her on the grass, hiked up her skirt and pulled down her panties. He knelt between her legs and pulled his dick out of his zipper, and entered her awkwardly. 



He pawed at her breasts through her dress as she stifled her desire to cry. He was more forceful that she would have preferred, but she did not consider it rape. It was certainly consensual. All of her friends who had lost their virginity already had told her the first time would be unpleasant, so she wasn't honestly expecting anything much better than this anyway.

 Within a minute, Jeremy pulled out and shot his cum onto her thighs, before tucking himself back in and leaving her there. As Danielle wiped away tears and ejaculate, she found herself oddly proud for two reasons. For one, she had lost her virginity, which implied a level of maturity. And two, she had done so without getting pregnant.

 With that memory providing some courage, she knocked on the door. 'No turning back now,' she thought.

 Brandon opened the door with an honest and sincere smile.

 "Danielle, I'm so glad you came!" he said cheerfully. Danielle appreciated his demeanor. Seniors in college were so much more mature than senior in high school. If this guy only had one thing on his mind, he sure didn't let on about it.

 "Thank you for inviting me, Brandon." She stepped inside and her took her coat, then he greeted her with a kiss on the cheek, which she happily returned.

 "Of course, I'm just happy you could make it. How are you liking campus life so far?"

 "Still settling in, but I like it. This is my first time in one of the off-campus residences."

 "Well, welcome," Brandon said. "I hope you don't mind, but I ordered you a salad from Luigi's. Should be here any minute."

 "Sounds good...do you have anything to drink?"

 "Sure. I have just about everything: tequila, gin, vodka, beer. But why don't we keep it classy. I'll open a bottle of Riesling."

 "Classy. I like that," Danielle flirted. 

 By the time the salads arrived, they were each on their second glass, and Danielle was getting comfortable. 

 "You know," Brandon started, "My first impression of you was that you might be too much of a "good girl" to come over to an upperclassman's apartment by yourself. I'm glad I was wrong."

 Danielle mulled over her response as she swallowed some lettuce.

 "Well, I was so excited when you invited me. A tall, dark and handsome senior invites a freshman girl over? A little cliche, but I don't mind. Besides, you know so much about campus life, I figured I could glean some insider information while I'm here."

 "Well," he said, "I'll give you a bit of a hint about the social scene. If you're hoping to hook up with someone, it's best to avoid foods like pizza or tacos. Stick to fresh veggies, you know, for fresh breath."

 Danielle smiled wryly, understanding his not-so-subtle hint. "That's good advice," was all she could think to say.

 "But there's one thing you know that I don't know," he replied.

 Danielle smiled and cocked her head to the side, wondering what that might be. "Which is?"

 Brandon leaned across the table, lowering his voice as if there were witnesses he wished to keep out of the loop. "You know if we're going to have sex tonight."

 Danielle blushed and leaned back in her chair in surprise, but a wicked smile emerged on her face. "What do you mean?" she asked. 

 "Well, there are certainly scummy guys in every college, but I'm not the kind of guy to coax you with shots of tequila or pressure you into something you're not ready for. So in my world, the woman always has the upper hand. You know I want to, based on the fact that I'm a guy, but only you know what you want."

 Danielle chuckled. His statement was at once funny, lascivious, and perhaps even profound. And it turned her perception of the evening upside down. She had viewed him as being in control up until now. His apartment, his choice of food, his wine...but from here the night would be on her terms? 

 Intending to sound audacious and confident, she leaned back in towards him and said, "Brandon, we're definitely having sex tonight." 

 Brandon smiled. Freshman girls were all the same. Just let them think they're in control and a guy can get away with anything.

 "Well, if that's the case, why don't we move to the couch and let things happen?"

 "Sounds good to me," Danielle flirted.

 He refilled their glasses, then carried them both to the coffee table in front of the couch. Danielle sat down to his right, with her left leg tucked under herself so that she could turn towards him. He responded by putting his right arm on the back of the couch, welcoming her in.

 Danielle, braced with liquid courage and anxious to improve upon her last experience, traversed the ten inches between their mouths and met his lips flush with her own.

 In her entire first experience with sex, Danielle and Jeremy had not kissed once. But Brandon was great at it. His lips were firm but supple. His tongue was the perfect level of moisture as it gently lapped at the inside of her lips. With his left hand, he cupped her chin between two fingers. He was sensual, passionate, tender...he seemed to be genuinely interested in her pleasure. 

 Danielle felt like she was in for a much more enjoyable experience this time around, and could not contain her heightened arousal. She started unbuttoning his shirt, anxious to see his firm abdomen. To make the angle easier, she swung her right leg over his lap and straddled him, allowing her skirt to ride up to her mid-thigh. Once she had unbuttoned all the way down his shirt, she grabbed his belt buckle and loosened his jeans.

 As they got hotter for each other, Brandon grabbed the hem of her shirt and pulled it up over her head. Danielle raised her hands above her to let the material slip away, then quickly returned them to his pants, fishing around for his cock. 

 "You're faster than I expected," Brandon said, with an approving tone. Danielle smiled as she kissed him, sucking his bottom lip into her mouth and gently biting it. "Oh, I see how you like it," he said.

 Her aggressive spurt ignited an aggressive response from Brandon. He reached around her and grabbed her bra straps, ripping them off her body instead of undoing the clasp. Danielle clasped her swinging breasts in her hands, realizing that it was the first time that they had been exposed to a boy. Brandon enjoyed the visual of a nubile freshman straddling him, topless, and squeezing her chest, and as he admired her he thrust his hips up as much as possible and slid his jeans down. 

 Now Danielle's panty-clad pussy could nuzzle up against his erection, a sensation that he allowed himself to revel in. Danielle, for her part, just now realized how wet she was, and ground her womanhood against his rod with aplomb.

 "You're a naughty girl, Danielle. I have to be honest I did not see this coming."

 Danielle appreciated his approval. "I think I'm just hot for you, Brandon. I've never been this so turned on before."

 She kissed him hard as she wrapped her arms around his neck, feeling his chest hair against her nipples. They both started building up a good sweat as their grinding intensified.

 "I think it's time I lost these panties," Danielle said.

 "Stand up," Brandon replied.

 Danielle backed off his lap and stood in front of him. Brandon grabbed her hips and pulled her close, sucking her left nipple into his mouth. He then lowered his hands under the hem of her skirt and grabbed the waistline of her panties, sliding them down her legs to her ankles.

 "You smell delicious," he said, pressing his nose into the front of her skirt and inhaling deeply. Danielle blushed at the compliment, never having been told one way or another how good her sex smelled. "Thank you," she said coyly.

 "I'm not going to pressure you into this, but one thing you should know about college guys is that expect to get some head before fucking. Have you given head before?"

 "No, but for you I'm willing to try," she said, dropping to her knees.

 "I think you're going to be quite popular, Danielle."

 He bunched her hair up behind her head and held it in a ponytail, making it easier for her to access his cock. He pulled her lower into his lap, and she opened her mouth to take his head inside.

 "That's a good girl, Danielle. Now, when a guy is sitting like I am, you should expect to do more of the work. Bounce your head on my cock."

 Danielle clumsily obeyed, but succeeded in slathering him up pretty good.

 "That's it. Good girl. But if I'm standing, then expect me to do more of the thrusting, and you can just lean back and take it. Maybe we'll get to that later."

 Danielle looked him in the eyes and nodded her understanding and willingness. She had to admit that his cock tasted better than she was expecting, and she continued to find her apprehensions drifting away.

 Just then, though, to her horror, she heard the front door unlocking. Brandon, respectfully, let go of her hair, and she jumped up onto the couch next to him. She covered herself with a throw pillow and crossed her legs demurely. 

 "Who is it?" she whispered.

 "It must be my roommate, Andy. He was supposed to be out all night with his girlfriend."

 He was right. Andy stumbled into the hallway and tossed his keys on the table. 

 "Fucking whore," he muttered under his breath as he made his way to the dry bar.

 "Uhhh...hey buddy. Everything alright?" Brandon asked, frustrated that the interruption had stalled his blowjob. 

 "Fucking Wendy broke up with me. Wouldn't give a reason, which probably means she's banging some other dude."

 He brought two shot glasses into the living room and filled them each with tequila. "Here, you're going to finish this bottle with me tonight."

 "Dude," Brandon replied, locking eyes with him before nodding his head towards Danielle.

 "Oh shit!" Andy exclaimed. "I'm sorry. Here," he said, handing the shot glasses to Brandon and Danielle. "I'll get another."

 Danielle looked at Brandon with an amused but concerned look. "Can you get rid of him?"

 "Get rid of him? He's my roommate. He lives here. I can't just kick him out."

 "I know, Brandon. But come on...I'm throwing myself at you here. I'm fucking naked!"

 "Trust me, babe. There's nothing I want more than you right now. Let's just see what we can do to cheer him up. The faster he feels better the faster we can get back to devouring each other." 

 Danielle smiled and nodded. She actually was a bit more turned on by the way he showed sympathy for his friend.

 .....

 She knew it was a losing battle for the time being and Danielle slipped one of Brandon's t-shirts. It barely covered her panty-less crotch, but she could at least sit among them and drink. She and Brandon tried to console Andy but he would have none of it as he became very drunk in a short amount of time.

 While Andy moved to the chair, Brandon and Danielle sat on the couch, covered in an Ohio State afghan with the traditional Buckeye logo on it. During the conversation, Brandon slipped his hand inside the blanket and over Danielle's thigh until he found her lips. He felt around her labia until sliding a finger inside her sex. Just as the penetration took place, Danielle cleared her throat in mid-sentence. Brandon had large, athletic hands and while the hidden eroticism was a turn on for Danielle, his fingers were also somewhat uncomfortable. 

 From under the covering, Brandon continued to dart his digit inside Danielle, while Andy slurred, "Fuck her. Who needs the bitch anyway?" Then he would switch his tone, "Oh no, what am I gonna do now? I loved her."

 Brandon's experience led him to her clit. He would use her own juices to rub it perfectly, which felt wonderful. By that time, she was buzzing from the alcohol, which allowed her to relax and encourage Brandon's magic finger to bring her to a small orgasmic spasm. From the pleasure, she clenched her legs together and tried not to allow Andy to know what was taking place under the covers.

 Eventually, Andy passed out on the chair while Brandon and Danielle began making out when Brandon whispered, "Why don't we pick up where we left off? We can do it right here on the couch."

 "I think we should go into the bedroom. I feel strange with him in here," Danielle whispered in return.

 Clearly inebriated himself, Brandon responded, "Nah, let's stay right here. He's passed out and let's be brave and do it with him in the room."

 Before Danielle had a chance to give an answer, his lips met hers, blocking her from speaking. With his arms, he gently guided her to the floor between his legs, then removed his shirt and while she kissed down his chest, he once again shimmied his pants down until her lips found his erect penis. Danielle felt some reluctance because of Andy being in the room so before she started sucking it, she flopped the afghan over her head and his lap so that if Andy awoke, he couldn't see anything except her head bobbing up and down through the material.

 Danielle hummed, "mmmmm" while she slurped on his shaft while Brandon kept groaning and shifting around. She was hoping she was making him feel good in spite of her complete inexperience.

 Through the covers, Brandon suggested, "See if you can go down on it further. Some girls are very good at deep-throating a cock. If you want to try it, I'll help you."

 His dick tasted good to Danielle and even though she was willing, it was all she could do to make sure her teeth didn't scrape it. She was afraid she would gag but once again wanted to please Brandon. She went down as far as she could, gagged, then came back up. After a couple more attempts, Brandon, through the covering, put his hand on the back of her head and pushed it down until her nose touched his pubic hair. She had taken his entire 7 1/2 inches. Danielle stayed there as long as possible but with watery eyes and more gagging, she had to come back up.

 "That's it baby. Take it down your throat. Deep-throat me baby. You are doing great," Brandon would encourage, as they repeated this action several times.

 As Danielle continued to blow Brandon, she wondered if he wanted to cum in her mouth or if this was just foreplay? Danielle also noticed her vagina was wet which told her that she was horny as well. She stopped sucking long enough to crawl up through the opening and began to kiss Brandon's neck, which in turn led to his ear lobe. From all the kissing, Brandon picked Danielle up and kissed her neck while she wrapped her legs around his waist.

 Brandon laid her down on the couch and climbed on top. Danielle's head snapped to the side to make sure Andy was still unconscious. Brandon then slid his own shirt that Danielle was wearing, up to her waist. His cock was rock hard and he moved it around her opening.

 "I want you to put it in for me baby," Brandon instructed.

 Danielle reached down and took hold of his tool and fit it in her pussy. Brandon took over from there and even though the couch barely fit both of them on it, he began to screw her. It was uncomfortable in the beginning for Danielle but the more Brandon pumped, the better it felt. His weight felt like it was totally on top of her but she didn't mind as he pounded away at her sex.

 That is when her orgasm overwhelmed her. She had always had masturbation, clitoral orgasms but never a penetration one. She clenched up in pleasure while lightly biting Brandon's shoulder while you could hear their bodies loudly slapping together. It felt amazing and Danielle never knew that sex could be this pleasurable.

 "Ohhh that feels good. Yes, just like that. I want you to go faster," requested Danielle not to let on she was so inexperienced.

 The huffing Brandon, honored her request and pumped a little faster while asking, "How's that? How does that feel?"

 Danielle moaned her approval. Not because of promiscuity, but because of irregular periods, Danielle was on the birth control pill so she wasn't afraid of getting pregnant. The more she thought about it, she had always wanted to experience a man orgasming inside her.

 Brandon looked her in the eye and gasped, "Augghh! I'm cummin! Feel that?"

 Danielle was surprised but she could feel him cumming inside her. It was so warm and the more she felt each squirt hit her inner walls, the louder she moaned. When Brandon finished spitting his seed inside her, he collapsed on top of her to rest for a minute before getting up and heading to the bathroom. Danielle was left with a t-shirt pulled up around her waist and pussy full of spunk. She wiped out as much as she could before Brandon and her headed off to bed.

 In the middle of the night, Danielle had to pee. While sitting on the toilet, in stumbled Andy. She was horrified. He was out of it and instead of scurrying out he just walked up to the sink and started relieving himself like she wasn't even there. She thought that was very crude but saw that he had a long penis, which she found interesting.

 When she went back to bed, Brandon got up to grab something to eat. Danielle could hear the guys talking and rustling around in the kitchen. After about a half hour, Brandon came into the room whispering, "Hey, I have an idea. You know how Andy is so upset about Wendy and all? Why don't you cheer him up?"

 Not understanding what he was implying, Danielle asked, "What do you mean cheer him up? You mean like talk to him?"

 Brandon bluntly replied like he had a great idea, "No. Why don't you have sex with him to get back at that bitch Wendy...Oh..Oh..what's even better, let's have a threesome."

 Danielle thought it was a terrible idea. The problem was, she was a freshman and didn't want to come off as a prude with these seniors. She was afraid if she didn't say yes, the guys would spread rumors about her. Even though Danielle was against it, she decided to go through with it when she reluctantly and nervously asked, "What do you want me to do?"

 "I will send in Andy, then I will come in after you guys get started," Brandon instructed excitedly.

 He left and in walked a still-drunk Andy. Andy pulled off his shirt and dropped his pants. He stood next to the bed while using his hand to swing his soft cock around and suggested, "Come here. Suck on it. I bet you are way better than Wendy."

 Of course she didn't want to disappoint so when Andy stood next to the bed, Danielle wrapped her lips around his soft cock and sucked on it. She felt it grow to full length while it was in her mouth. It was thinner but a little longer than Brandon's. Andy climbed onto the bed and while on his knees, enjoyed Danielle giving him head.
