 Daniella stepped into her dorm room and grinned. She loved her room already and she had been in it less then five minutes. The room was rectangular with two beds, two desks, and two wardrobes. The wardrobes were designed in a way that made Daniella think of the movie "The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe." She began to unpack her things. As she did, she left her door open. She wanted to watch the other people who were coming into the dorm and definitely wanted to be welcoming to her new roommate. She had been told that her roommate's name was Catherine. That's all she knew and she was excited to meet her.

"Cute butt."

Daniella looked up and saw a girl standing in the doorway of her room. The first word that came to mind was hot. She was petite and curvy. Her blonde hair was almost white and was in two French braids. The ends of the braids were tied with a pink ribbon. The pink matched the edging along her white skirt and her top was black. Daniella's eyes went up and down and saw that the skirt barely covered her thighs. The girl's thighs were a dark brown and she guessed she had spent the summer at the beach. 

"Thanks. I'm Daniella."

"I'm Cat. Well, actually, I'm Catherine, but everyone calls me Cat. I'm your new roommate."

Daniella nodded and watched as her new roommate entered the room. She brought in two huge suitcases and then left to get more. Daniella continued her unpacking until Cat came back.

"So you always wear cute clothing?" Cat was unpacking her things while chatting. She kept glancing at Daniella and couldn't stop staring. Daniella was about her height, but had the most gorgeous curly brown hair. It was in ringlets and framed her face perfectly. She was thin and her dark skin hinted that she had also spent the summer at the beach.

"Um. I guess. My mom's a fashion designer. I get new clothes all the time." Daniella's mom worked in New York and figured that instead of spending time with her daughter it would be better to just give her expensive clothing.

"I love those jeans. If I wasn't so curvy, I'd want to borrow them."

"Who says I'd let you borrow them"

Both girls giggled. There was an instant attraction that was both physical and friendly.

***

"Fuck me." Daniella's eyes were wide as Chad fucked her senseless. The massive football player was kneeling on the bed as his large cock slammed into Daniella's pussy. Her body was covered in sweat and she squirmed trying to get her hands free from the ties. Chad had tied her hands to the headboard and had lifted her up so she was barely touching the bed.

"Oh baby! I'm going to cum," Chad cried out as he came. He pumped hard and fast and then dropped Daniella back onto the bed. He leaned over and kissed her passionately.

"Fuck, I love your pussy." Chad grinned as he untied her hands. He rolled onto his side and pulled her close. "Can I tell you something?"

"Of course." Daniella looked into his sky blue eyes. She could stare at him for hours. They had met during frosh week and had begun dating right away. They had fucked for the first time in his car and after realizing that they were in tune with each other sexually, they realized they were meant to be together, to be each other's sex toy.

"What do you think about girls?" Chad was rubbing her back softly. He knew that this question could go two ways. She would either freak out and slap him or she might actually say what he wanted her to say.

"Excuse me? What do you mean?" Daniella's mind was racing. Had he caught her and Cat at some point. She kept thinking about all the times that she and Cat would play around in the morning before class. Was he going to break up with her?

"I just want to know if you like girls, you know, sexually. It's just that Cat is always so flirty and cute around us and I was wondering if you wanted a threesome." There he had said it. He pulled away a bit since he knew he was very vulnerable at this moment. He was naked with his bare cock between them. It was flaccid, but was very sore from the last few hours of fucking. If he had read her all wrong, she might hurt him.

"Yeah." Daniella bit her lip and batted her eyes. It was the same response she had given him when he asked to fuck her the first time. She had also given him that response when he asked to fuck her ass and when he wanted to fuck in the library.

"Are you fucking serious?"

"Cat and I already fool around. For a moment, I thought you were going to break up with me."

"Fuck no. You're so fucking hot." Chad grabbed Daniella and sat her on his chest. He wiggled her hips back and forth so that her wet pussy juices and his cum would grind against his chest. "It's every guy's dream to have a threesome. And to do it with a hottie like Cat would be fucking awesome."

"I'll ask her tomorrow baby."

***

"So what do you think?" Daniella was sitting at her desk typing up an English essay as she waited for Cat to respond. She was wearing one of Chad's football jerseys along with a pair of black satin panties that he had gotten for her last week. She was squirming around a bit since Chad had a night class and she hadn't gotten her daily fix of his cock.

"Let me get this straight. The two of you want me to join in a threesome with you? So I get to fuck you and him at the same time? You seriously think that's a good idea?"

Cat was doing her yoga stretches on a purple mat on the ground. She was completely naked because she found that the clothing constricted her flexible body. 

"Yeah. He wants it and so do I. It won't make it weird. I promise."

Just then the door opened. Chad walked in and instantly his cock hardened. There was his girlfriend in one of his shirts and beside her was Cat, completely naked on her hands and knees. He almost thought that she was waiting for him to fuck her, but then noticed the soothing meditation music and the fact that she was stretching on a yoga mat.

"Hi girls. How's my princess?" Chad took the few steps towards Daniella and kissed her hard on the lips. He picked her up and cradled her in his arms.

"I missed you today." Daniella wrapped her legs around Chad and felt his member push against her thigh. God how she loved how aroused he got.

"I want nothing more then to fuck you silly right now."

"Excuse me." Cat had gotten up and locked the door. "Do I get to join in or do the two of you need some private time?"

"Come on over." Chad carried Daniella over to her bed and stood her in front of him. She was undressing quickly. Chad pulled Cat over and made her straddle his thigh.

"You have no fucking idea how much I want to fuck you."

Chad lifted his leg and let Cat grind against his thigh. Her pussy was so wet; she was sliding all over the place. His eyes glanced over at his girlfriend. She was naked and rubbing her pussy.

"Come over here my little princess." Daniella squealed and climbed onto his other leg. He watched as the two sexy girls grinded against him. He went back and forth kissing them while his hands fondled one breast each. Cat orgasmed first. She was quiet and whimpered as she dug her nails into his arm. Daniella watched as her best friend came and then nodded to Chad. She had never been able to cum without Chad's cock inside her. Chad lay back and closed his eyes. He wanted to see if he could figure out who was licking his cock. He felt his shorts be tugged down and felt a hot mouth surround his cock. He moaned and felt his cock hit the back of her throat. It had to be Cat since Daniella still had trouble deep throating. He opened his eyes and grinned. Cat was jerking his cock while Daniella climbed on top. He moaned as he slid deep into her pussy.

"Oh fuck, you feel good." Cat grinned and watched as Daniella fucked Chad's member. She climbed on top of Chad facing his feet and moaned as he eagerly licked her pussy.

"Rub my clit. You know what I need." Daniella was panting hard as she was brought closer and closer to orgasm. Chad wasn't paying attention. All he cared about was that he had one hot pussy wrapped tight around his cock and another dripping pussy against his tongue. He almost missed when Daniella came because Cat kissing her muffled her moans. Once Daniella came, Cat climbed off Chad.

"Fuck her doggie style. She told me you do her rough. I want to see." Chad blinked. This firecracker was turning him on so much and now she wanted to watch him fuck Daniella. Chad stood up and rolled Daniella onto her hands and knees. He spread her legs wide and slammed in. He gripped her hips and slammed in again. Cat pressed up against Chad and reached underneath. One hand fondled his heavy balls while the other rubbed Daniella's clit.

"Oh fuck! Cumming!" Chad cried out and slammed in deep. He felt his cum flood Daniella's pussy and loved the fact that Cat's hand was massaging his balls. He turned and fell onto the bed.

"God that was so hot."

Daniella and Cat climbed onto the bed and cuddled one on either side of him. This was going to be a good year.