 I was lying in bed naked spooning with Ginger, hands locked together, with my penis deep inside her, and standing over us red faced was Chelsea. I had been intimate with twice earlier that day.

Working as a banking consultant all over North America and I have learned over the years that reading faces is almost as important as reading numbers. Chelsea was upset, I had no doubt of that; but it seemed like she were scared, and not in a jealous rage.

I was going to have to play things cautiously, not just to avoid the wrath of these two beauties, but also because I was a black man naked in a dorm in an all-girl Christian college. The last thing I wanted was an altercation to draw security.

"Hello Chelsea." I said with a giant smile. "I stopped by to take you to dinner."

Chelsea smiled.

"Oh, and it seems that I made a friend along the way." At that everyone burst out laughing.

"I'm going to my room for a shower, when I come back, I suppose we can go eat." Chelsea said as she turned and left.

Playing it cool seemed to work, and neither woman made a stink. Ginger went for a shower in her room, and I was left alone with a million questions.

I too had a shower; in my briefcase I had a change of clothes, a white t-shirt, and blue jeans, with an orange scarf for the cold. 

Chelsea entered the room wearing a Purple mini-dress, cut low in the front; her ample bosom had my eyes bulging. Her outfit was rounded out with a green scarf in her hair. 

Ginger saw my leering eyes and ran back to the bathroom to change. When she returned in a few minutes, she had on an orange sweater that was cut much lower in the front. Under it she wore a push up bra that threatened to spill her chest everywhere! She also wore a red mini-dress, and orange stockings that went to her knees.

As we walked out the door, Ginger stopped at a dresser to put on set of black glasses. I looked at her later, and noticed that they lacked lens. 

"What a crazy girl!" I thought to myself.

During the drive Ginger asked me for my cell number, which I freely gave. However once we were seated in the restaurant, I regretted it immediately. Ginger was texting me repeatedly stating not to mention we had sex. Seated next to Chelsea was vigorously texting the same!

"I'm going to turn this thing off, and focus on you ladies without any distractions." I said to their frowning faces.

The booth we sat in was very secluded the other patrons couldn't see us, and was poorly lit. It was in my opinion the perfect place for our meal, I was seated in the middle our little alcove between the two women.

Both Ginger, and Chelsea had the same idea, I could feel their hands on each of my thighs, slowly moving upwards to my manhood. I held my breath as their fingers touched, and they both realized that they had the same goal. 

Across the table they shot evil looks at each other as the waiter arrived.

"Let's start with a couple bottles of a white Niagara wine, and please keep the ladies glasses full." I said.

"You're both old enough to drink in this state right?" The two of them grinned sneakily back at me.

The waiter left, and Chelsea made an attempt to break the ice that had suddenly formed between her and Ginger.

"So tell us about yourself?" She said, staring at me, and tapping her fingers on the table.

I dread these questions, my life is too varied to lay out in a few sentences and besides I get more women to take their clothes off by listening then talking.

"Hmmm... where to start?" I said, stalling for time.

"How about the beginning?" Ginger said, hand on chin and smiling.

"Well my mother is from Aruba, and..."

"Where's that?" They said in unison, which was followed by mutual laughter.

"It's in the Caribbean. She met my father in the Netherlands..." I paused, waiting for an interruption, "That's in Europe, Western-Europe."

Again the both laughed, perhaps talking about myself is underrated? 

"I was born there, but I grew up here in America." They were both hooked.

I told them about my rebellious years, and how I went back to my homeland, and joined the Royal Netherlands Army. I also spoke about my years overseas using the Leopard tank, and how I quit when the army sold the tanks.

The girls interrupted very little while I spoke, and they hung on my every word as they sipped their wine.

"That's when I went back to school, got a degree in banking, and started consulting." The two had finished their first glass, and our meals hadn't arrived.

"Tell me about yourself Chelsea?" I asked.

"There's not much to tell?" She replied.

I held my smile, looking into her eyes, and waited.

"I'm a corn farmer's daughter, um step-daughter. I'm a life guard part-time and full-time during the summer." She said.

She continued talking about her life, and dreams. As she spoke I slid my hand under the table and placed it on her knee. Ginger either didn't notice, or didn't care.

I walked my two fingers up her leg, in a seductive dance, pushing them up, and under her tight dress. Although her chest was turning red, she had quite the poker face, and didn't let on that I was getting her worked up.

Chelsea wore no panties, which I counted as a blessing. I pushed my two fingers into her as she parted her legs, and slid back in the seat. 

She was soaking wet as I spread her lips, and started to jam my fingers in and out. Holding in her moans, she moved closer and closer to orgasm.

"So how high does the corn grow in his field?" Asked Ginger oblivious to her friends impeding climax.

Chelsea was able to reply, but I didn't hear I was in my zone; I wanted her to explode before the food arrived.

I picked up the pace, and used my thumb to tickle her clitoris. That's all it took to bring forth her waters. I could feel the warm fluid gush over my fingers, this left me rock hard, and wanting more.

Chelsea bit into her fist to suppress her orgasmic yell. Ginger filled her glass, and missed it all.

"I uh... need to go to the bathroom." Chelsea said as she stood up and left.

"What's her deal?" Ginger asked.

I spotted the giant wet spot on her dress, and remarked. "She must have spilt her drink."

"There's no puddle on the table?" She said pointing.

"She ah, must have spilt it on her lap." I said, thinking on the fly. "See the seat is wet."

"Ha ha, she's awful when drunk." Ginger said.

The food arrived, and the waiter left. I was ready to dig in, but Ginger wanted to wait and say prayers. I however had a better idea.

Wordlessly I took two fingers from my hand that didn't touch Chelsea and dipped them in her drink, and slid under the table.

"What are you doing?" Ginger asked loudly.

"Shhhhh. Relax" I said, suddenly feeling rather hot under the collar. 

I pushed my fingers under her red mini-skirt, with the intention to pleasure her as well. When I reached her feminine parts, I realized that she had a thong on. Pulling it aside as best as possible, I started to play with her.

She moaned and screamed, unable and unwilling to hold back. She kept one hand was on the table, and with the other she dung her nails into my wrist.

I needed to bring this to a close very quickly, there was no way she could keep quiet with Chelsea, or anyone from the restaurant nearby, nor could my poor wrist last that long.

I went faster, and she got louder still. I said a silent prayer that she would cum before anyone came by to investigate.

"Oh yes!!!" She cried out as she came.

I kept going, hoping for a second orgasm for her back to back, but she wasn't going to have it. She slapped my bleeding hand, as she shuddered.

Chelsea returned and asked. "What was that noise?"

"Foods here, we waited for you." I said quickly changing subjects.

"We weren't doing anything." Ginger said, flush faced, and laughing. Chelsea shot me a very dirty look. 

The three of us held hands as we prayed, and then ate in silence, the two girls glaring at one another. I had a shit-eating grin on my face, and each time I brought a hand to my face, I smelt the vagina from each woman.

I tried to re-ignite the flames of passion in the women.

"Ginger, tell me about yourself." I asked, with a smile.

"I'm from Oregon; my folks were both from Ireland." She said between sips of wine.

"What do your folks do?" I asked.

"My mother works at the local art gallery, and my father plays in a band." She said beaming.

"Argh! Hippies, and liberals!" I thought to myself, as I maintained my happy demeanour.

Soon, she ran out of things to say about herself, and looked to me for more encouragement. I took this as my cue to set the direction for the rest of the night.

"Where's the craziest place you, ah made love?" I asked, and as Chelsea tossed me a dirty look.

"Um, aside from anything... uh recent." I added.

"My ass!" Ginger said laughing; I couldn't help but laugh as well. Chelsea finally gave in and chuckled too.

"For me it was in the back of my truck." Chelsea said blushing; I could tell she was lying.

"Very exotic." I said laughing.

"My truck was parked at our church, my boyfriend and I snuck out during mass." She said.

"It sounds like he was able to take care of business before everyone came out?" I injected.

"Yes! Yes he did!" Chelsea replied, and we all laughed together again.

When the laughs subsided I found the two women were staring at me, awaiting a response. I wasn't sure if I'd tell them about the Paris hooker I had sex with in a phone booth, while her husband held up his coat to give us the illusion of privacy.

Nah, they wouldn't know what a phone booth was. The sex I had with Chelsea was pretty hot; I had sex with her while her boyfriend use the restroom. Ah-ha! I had it.

"I once gave a woman a facial while her best friend banged on the bedroom door." Chelsea frowned, and Ginger went red.

"I... ah climbed out the window, and ran to my car." I felt like I was hot under the collar a well, as I said those words.

"Then what happened?" Chelsea asked, her smile gone.

"Her friend didn't see me leave, but when I stopped to listen, I could hear that her friend noticed the face full of cum." I said.

"Did you sleep with her friend?" Chelsea sarcastically asked.

"Not yet, but if I ever get her phone number I just might." I said with a wink.

Ginger howled with laughter, and Chelsea gave me a stern look, if I live to a million years, I doubt I will understand women. I then began to regal the ladies with stories, ones that weren't about sleeping with someone's BFF.

"Yeah, he slipped me a blue pill." I said to my captive audience. "I didn't realize it until the next morning!"

Ginger stopped laughing, and looked puzzled. "Blue pill?"

I smiled at her innocence and said, "Yeah, for when you want to stay hard all night, and throughout the morning!"

The ladies were both laughing hard, and enjoying the wine. They didn't seem drunk, but rather happily sauced.

Ginger spoke up. "Don't you men wake up with erections? How did you know?"

I smiled as I replied. "The two of us tag teamed his wife that night, and even in the morning. It wasn't until after I left their home that I discovered that my little solder wouldn't settle down."

At this all three of us burst out laughing, my penis couldn't be called 'little' with a straight face; both Chelsea and Ginger knew this first hand.

"Have you ever been with a man?" Ginger asked me. "A man with out his wife I mean?"

"No, that's not my thing." I replied. "How about yourselves? Have you been intimate with a woman before?"

Ginger turned a new shade of red, but said nothing.

Chelsea spoke up and said. "My step-father made it very clear to me." At this point she switched to a deep voice. "Chelsea, don't come back with a baby, a lesbian for a girlfriend, a Catholic, or a Mexican for a boyfriend!"

We could not contain our mirth at this, and if there were any patrons nearby, they must have been disturbed by the noise.

"So..." I said, whipping tears of joy from my eyes. "Afro-Dutchmen are ok?"

"I suppose so!" She said laughing, "We don't have any in our county."

I picked up the bill, and drove us back to their dorm. It was late, so I offered to walk the ladies to their rooms, and found myself back in Ginger's room with both ladies.

It started with a hug to Ginger, which quickly turned into a kiss. Chelsea was standing close by, so I started massaging her breast from outside her dress. After our long kiss ended, I turned to kiss Chelsea, and groped Ginger in return.

The ladies seemed fine with this arrangement; however I wanted to see what their boundaries were.

"How do you ladies want to do this?" I asked between kisses with Ginger.

"I don't know?" Said Chelsea unsure.

"What ever you like!" Ginger declared.

"I mean will you both play with each other, or do you want me to continue taking turns?" I said as I slid my hand into Chelsea's cleavage.

The two women looked at each other unsure of how the other would respond.

Chelsea spoke first. "Yeah, ah, take turns."

Ginger mumbled an agreement into my lips as I tried to keep my tongue out of her mouth. I didn't want to get it bitten off!

With the rules agreed upon, I stepped back and pulled off Ginger's Orange sweater, and launched my face at her cleavage. She burst out laughing and the two of us tumbled onto the small bed.

Chelsea didn't want to be left out, and attacked my pants, first undoing my zipper. Once she saw that I had underwear on, she got frustrated, swore, and then yanked them both down, exposing my hardened manhood to her cold hands.

While Chelsea licked and sucked on my penis, I was clawing at Ginger's brassiere, although I had sex with her that morning, I hadn't gotten a good look at her breasts. Her areola's were slightly pinker then rest of her skin, and her inverted nipples were rock hard and sunken into her breasts. I put my lips to one, creating suction; I was determined to make it flip out into a normal nipple.

I dug my hand under Ginger's red skirt, again pulling aside her thong, and jamming my two fingers into her aggressively. She moaned so loudly that Chelsea stopped her sucking to put on some music on the computer, to drown out our sex noises.

"Put on some rap!" I said, as I enjoy making love to that music.

"Yuck." Chelsea replied, but did as I asked.

In moments we were back in our three-way, my face buried between Ginger's breasts, my fingers in her pussy, and my penis in Chelsea's mouth. Ginger's moans grew in volume, I didn't want to attraction unwanted attention to her room, so I had to cover her mouth: this however only seemed to heighten her arousal.

I'm not quite sure what happened next, when I am feasting upon breasts, I lose all thought. Chelsea told me later that when Ginger came, she bucked so hard that she kneed her in the head; I received an elbow to the ear.

"I think I was safer overseas!" I muttered into Ginger's nipple, which still hadn't flipped out, despite my efforts.

I wanted to get away from this red-headed ground zero, so I stood up, and pushed a now naked Chelsea onto the bed, and leapt upon her. Ginger lay next to her, still quivering, but no longer violent.

I was hungry for some loving without the injuries as I pushed my ebony rod into Chelsea, and pumped away like a rabbit as I kissed her. We forgot to lay down a towel, but it was Ginger's bed, so neither of us cared.

Ginger rolled on her side, and watched us for some time; she appeared unsure what to do now that she was left out of the action. I tried to lean over to kiss her, but my movements were too erratic to allow for it, so I moved back to Chelsea.

Ginger tried rubbing my back; which was annoying, but didn't cause any injury. She soon tired of that, and switched to attempting to rub my ass, not something I enjoyed, but again, I was unhurt and put up with it.

SMACK! Ginger spanked my ass cheek. I howled in agony as she wound up for a second one. I like to give the swats, not receive them, so I spoke up.

"Ginger play with a dildo, I want to see you get yourself off." I pleaded with her.

"Oh, ok." She said confused.

She lay back in the bed as before, and produced a slim, silver vibrator, with a black cap for the speed adjustment. She licked it seductively; I had a tiny shiver of fear, that could be me next in that chomp factory she called a mouth.

Ginger took her toy, and began teasing her clitoris; when it was too sensitive, she plunged it inside herself, and matched my pace with Chelsea.

I shifted so that I was kneeling up, with Chelsea's legs in my arms. I held out my hand for Ginger's toy, I wanted to inspect it for teeth marks. Seeing none, I was thoroughly surprised!

I took Ginger's vibrator, and held it towards Chelsea's mouth; she stuck out her tongue, and licked it clean. She must have done this unconsciously, that or she was bending on her no-contact rule with her friend.

"Good girl." I said handing it back to her.

I was very fortunate that these two ladies were so in touch with their bodies that they could cum so easily. Chelsea squeezed my arms as she came, and relaxed afterwards. I pulled out to release her built up fluids, which gushed onto Ginger's bed.

"Your turn." I said after kissing Chelsea and standing up.

Ginger lay in position until she came herself, shuddering in ecstasy. I patiently waited; I had a plan to avoid her next orgasm-quake. I stood in front of her, with the intention of putting her on all fours, however when she sat up she had a plan of her own.

Ginger latched onto my erection that wobbled in front of her face. I took a gasp of air, and held it like a man chained underwater by his penis. I had two weeks left in the New England region, and I didn't want to spend it nursing a penis injury.

I was startled to find that she was pretty good! I felt no teeth scraping my manhood; I did however yelp pain when she gave my testicles a tug. Instead of slapping her hands, I pushed forward at the hips, sending my spear deeper into her mouth, poking her tonsils. She moved her hand to my hip afterwards without complaint.

Ginger went down on me for several minutes while Chelsea watched in awe. This must have been a first for both of them, not just having a threesome, but also watching a couple have sex. 

I didn't think that Chelsea would try to spank me, but I didn't want to give her an opportunity. We locked eyes for a moment, and then I looked over at Ginger's silver toy. She caught my idea, and reached for it.

Ginger stopped for a moment, pulling out my man-snake out of her mouth, and rubbing her jaw.

"You're so big!" She said.

"Yes I am!" I roared back, as I turned her over onto all fours.

Chelsea and I laughed at that, and eventually Ginger did as well. Ginger still had her skirt, bra, and panties on, but not for long, I yanked down her thong, I knew that it would bite into me.

I wasted little time in stabbing her with my spear from behind. I held no ill-will against her for her clumsy mistakes, she did after all let us use her room for an orgy, and she had sex with me... twice now. That being said, I did owe her for a hand and wrist covered in scratches, a chewed finger, a sore ass, and yes, my tender testicles.

I paid her back... to put it better; I paid it to her backside. I started with a pat on the bum at 10%, to test the waters, she didn't flinch. The second was at 50%, and she squealed in joy. At 100%, she shook, and shuddered in orgasmic bliss.

Taking a break from the spanking, I was aching to play with her hanging udders. To me the shape a breast takes on when a woman is on all fours is a beautiful sight to behold. I didn't pinch or squeeze, but instead, I cupped my hands below, and weighed them.

Ginger giggled, and I took that to mean I should pick up the pace, which I did.
