 I was still thinking about that night weeks later, fucking both Lara and Sabine out of nowhere. I had left after my encounter with Sabine. She had suggested I not stay around much longer that night, dryly laughing about how I had caused enough fucking trouble.

I had to agree, I had indeed.

But even she had to admit I'd had some help along the way.

Weeks had passed since that night. During that time I'd met my new roommate Jamie. And, after some awkward, getting to know you moments, we'd found our footing and become the best of friends. 

Since that time I had only seen Cheryl from afar, once coming across campus. She had made a very noticeable and purposeful turn in the opposite direction just to avoid even a glance at me. I had respected her feelings and avoided her then and since. Thankfully, we ate in different dining halls across campus and the only class we shared was a huge introductory lecture course with nearly three hundred other students. 

I had seen Lara once since she had left to go and speak with Cheryl. She had dropped by my room for a chat a few days after things had blown over. We had chatted – of course I was naked at the time. Thankfully, Jamie had been out of the dorm that night. I thanked my luck because given what Lara and I had spent the night doing would've made Jamie faint. Although by the end of September I'd finally gotten him laid, and he'd developed a whole new attitude towards sex.

The first couple weeks at college my mind had kept racing to Sabine's incredible tits and Lara's amazing body. It was enough to drive a man insane. But I quickly learned that there were plenty of options in a city like New Orleans for a young, virile college freshman.

I'd met Leslie on the quad one day. We'd been fucking like rabbits before nightfall. I had hoped that college would offer a number of diverse sexual situations, but this was passing even my expectations. You could meet girls all over the place and they would come back to your dorm with you, or better yet, they'd take you to their dorm rooms. And it was so much less work than in high school. No one seemed to expect anything from you, but a good lay.

It was sometime after that when I'd gone with Jamie to our first fraternity party. Neither Jamie nor I had ever seriously considered rushing a frat the first week at school. We were too busy with football. But with the season began to draw to an end, we found we had more time on our hands.

So there I was on a Saturday night, way past drunk, finding myself wandering upstairs in some strange house, stumbling around more than half drunk between bedrooms looking for someplace to piss. The problem was all the doors were shut and they all looked about right for a bathroom. Damn.

The first room I tried I found a woman lying on a pile of crumpled laundry, naked from the waist down, drunkenly giggling with contentment as her lover held her legs on either side of his chest and pounded his cock deep into her. His grunts caused blood rush to my cock, as I wished I could be doing what he was doing. This made me have to piss even more. The girl on her back cried a little more loudly and stuffed her knuckles into her mouth, her saliva glistening in the faint yellow light. Her breasts jiggled beneath her blouse. Hell of a pair of knockers, I thought.

"Do you mind?" asked the guy smartly, catching me sneaking a peak.

"Sorry," I mumbled, closing the door behind me as I left.

Further down on the same side was a similar tiny-looking room from the outside, which turned into yet another bedroom, this one lit by a lava lamp. Before I moved on, I heard not one, but two grunts coming from the room and, curiosity getting the better of me, I peered around the edge of the half-closed door and spied first one naked guy, his back to me, and then another, facing my direction, both standing. Between them I could see the exposed whiteness of a back adorned by long blonde hair and a butt reared up against the crotch of the second guy, who was fucking her slowly. A smacking of lips and more groaning confirmed that, bending over, the blonde was taking the first man in her mouth while the second one humped her earnestly from behind. 

"Ohhhhh!" cried the girl, removing her mouth from the dick and shaking her hair so that it coiled off her back and down to the floor.

"Do it! Do it!" she yelled.

She was breathing heavily, and she lifted herself up from her bent position, her hand dropping noticeably down to her crotch. As she did so, the guy behind her grunted and shifted into a sitting position, sinking to the floor as she moved up and then pivoted her ass down with his hidden dick stuck deep in her box. 

This live porno was awesome to watch.

Then I heard the girl mutter, "Come on, give it to me."

A squishing, wet sound broke through the sound of the three people breathing heavily for an instant, and then subsided.

"No," continued the blonde, more slowly, as if the words were becoming harder to form with each passing moment, "I meant you. Come here." 

I saw that the second guy had sat down completely now, and his hands gripped the girl's hips tightly, sawing her up and down on his shaft. The second man was putting his dick between the girl's breasts, which she held together for him. They weren't large, but they were attractive, especially when she pushed them together. The nipples were light pink, barely distinguishable from her surrounding skin.

As his johnson slid into her cleavage, the guy groaned again and quickly started massaging her breasts with both hands, bending up and down with his knees while still standing, running his dick in and out of her cleavage slowly, rubbing her tits against his cock continuously. The sight of his butt moving up and down, clenching and unclenching as he moved his dick in and out, caused my heart to beat faster and I was massaging a massive boner through my jeans.

Gasping, the girl began to mew and groan uncontrollably. Behind her, the second guy squeezed his eyes shut and stopped his movements suddenly. As if brutally disappointed and reproachful, the girl suddenly redoubled her pelvic efforts, lifting up and shoving herself back down onto his dick with incredible force, and then doing the motion all over again even harder. 

The second guy cried out. His eyes forced open and he suddenly doubled over, crushing his chin into her back as his orgasm jolted out of him. Groaning, the blonde continued her mad rush, furiously rubbing her own breasts and the first guy's rod in front of her while she rode the jerking, shivering man beneath her. 

With a loud gasp, she suddenly stopped also, and I could see all her muscles tighten. Quickly, her hands resumed their rubbing while her cunt spasmed and she inhaled deeply. By now, I saw white liquid dripping out of her vagina, and she was clearly nearing the end of her own orgasm. The man behind her had relaxed and slumped to the floor, his arms folding beneath his head as he reclined, his manhood still entombed within his lover's slit. 

The only motion remaining was that of the first guy, who had grabbed both breasts of the girl roughly and was speeding up his pace. Before I slipped away back into the hall, I caught the first guy shooting his load off. He literally yelped a couple times, and the girl emitted a low shriek, feeling the spray of his jizz in her face and on her chest.

After that I came across two more rooms of people having sex, before finally finding the bathroom. Neither scene I interrupted was as good as the threesome. In one room the couple had been just kissing and fondling, and in the second room I could only hear the sounds, it was so dark, and they were under the covers.

The bathroom was filthy, but as I stood there undoing my fly the scene I had witnessed came back to me in startling detail. My dick was like iron. I could see them all there, and I imagined that girl riding up and down on my cock, up and back down again, my dick sliding back and forth in her cunt, and between her breasts. My hands clamped tightly around her waist. I wondered how my dick would have felt in her hands, in her cleavage, rubbing roughly across her nipples, against her clit, through and all around the inside of her vagina, against the lips outside. I was jerking quickly now over the toilet seat. I had to put my hand against the wall to prop myself up. I threw my head back in ecstasy, my eyes tightly closed and seeing nothing but my dick moving up and down between her thighs. My mouth fell open, and I sucked in a lungful of air. The point was coming closer, increasing in intensity, and a deep warmth was building in my balls. Then I erupted, caught in the orgasmic wave, my white fluid shooting out over the toilet, missing the bowl.

Then I knew what I wanted to do. I wanted to join a frat. Just think of the possibilities? Getting laid after every party, three different girls a weekend. I may have been a Casanova, but imagine how much more opportunities I could have. When I explained my logic to Jamie, he agreed and we did our research and were both invited to pledge the same fraternity with just the reputation we were looking for. So we rushed. Something good was going to come. I just knew it. There had to be. 

But weeks after that I was soon regretting my decision. I was more tired than I had ever been. With every passing moment I bemoaned one moment of sexual frustration that had induced me to pledge.

I slept maybe three hours a night on average, worked my ass off, and here I was stripped bare to his waist, standing in a puddle of flat blue ribbon beer, singing one of the most lamest, sexist songs known to man while being rated, yes, rated on my singing ability by three seniors with clipboards whom I did not even know.

Slap! One of the brother's paddles left a smarting welt across my shoulder blades.

"Pay attention!" my big brother and pledge sponsor yelled.

"Sorry," I replied, chastised.

"Okay, pledges, now that you've drank from our sacred chalice, felt our paddles, and learned our songs; you must enter our dungeon and meet our final test!" 

I did not care what awaited me so long as it was a bed or a relatively flat surface. The 'dungeon' was nothing more than the frat house's basement, redone for some silly initiation rite. I hated to tell them, but the sacred chalice reeked of vomit, their songs were atonal and violated the unspoken laws of good taste, and their paddles were one moment away from ending up in their asses. 

"In you go!" someone shouted.

I was pushed onto the stair steps by two of the brawnier brothers, the only two who were as muscular as Jamie and I, and like us, both serious college jocks. The stairwell was completely dark, as was the basement. There were sounds of people shuffling from side to side at the bottom, but it was very hard for me to see as my eyes were still accommodating to the dark.

The strong brothers shoved me down the stairs, and I barely managed to keep my balance as my bare feet hit the cold concrete floor.

One of our pledge brothers had warned Jamie and me about the dungeon. Every year, it was different. One year, it had been a combination of beers around the world, blow pong tournament, and circle jerk. I really was not in the mood for more liquor, and I was not exactly thrilled at the thought of wasting perfectly good cum as a pizza topping. Still, whatever they asked, I had to do. 

I worried about what awaited me in the darkness of the basement. Some light crept down the stairs, and another initiate was tossed down the stairs. Jamie joined moments later. We stood around in the dark hoping some indication of what awaited us would become apparent soon. 

A pair of hands grabbed me from behind around my waist. I felt my belt buckle undone, and then my pants and boxers were unceremoniously yanked down to my ankles. 

"Hey, what's the big...idea," I head my pledge brother ask, but he lost focus on the last word. 

The hands were moving up my thighs. When they reached my rod, they playfully mingled with the patch of my pubic hair. The slender fingers stroked my penis, which immediately responded to this treatment. While one hand stroked my elongating shaft, a second gently kneading my balls. I groaned with the pleasure that swelled up from my crotch, shivered up my spine, and set off fireworks in my head. 

"Welcome, gentleman, to your initiations," a frighteningly familiar voice smoother than silk whispered from behind him.

The lights were slowly raised to a moderate glow. The basement couches had been rearranged into a U shape. On each lounged a voluptuous representative of a sorority who had an almost legendary reputation around campus for oral sex. I knew they were sisters, because their letters were on some of their clothing littering the basement.

The blonde on the first couch was damn near the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. Like the other two girls, she was dressed, barely, in a thin silky white nightgown that hid nothing. Her breasts were pert and featured two wonderfully reddish-brown nipples. Her smooth belly flowed into the triangular delta of meticulously clipped blonde pubic hair. Her long legs were smooth as silk. I had trouble shifting my gaze to the next couch to the right.

The raven haired beauty on the central couch was an equally magnificent to behold. What she little she lacked in figure she more than compensated with in attitude. When I first peered at her, she slowly withdrew her left index finger from between her curved lips and licked the whole length of the finger with her pointed red tongue for good measure. She trailed the wet digit down her chin and over her pearly white neck. When she reached her ample bust, her other hand joined the fun. She pinched both nipples and pulled them away from her breasts, adding a little moan just to drive us a little more over the edge. Her hands then left her ripe mounds and squeezed between her womanly thighs. She spread her legs slightly, and probed her moist slit with her two hands. A look of utter rapture and bliss passed across her face and she released another endearing moan.

The third couch was empty at first, but I realized the woman who had stripped us from behind was its occupant when she materialized from behind us. To my surprise, the third girl was Lara! I recognized her reddish brown hair and her petite frame even in the dim light. She straddled the couch and fell teasingly so her gown rolled up to her belly button. The three of us got a delectable view of her pink pussy lips. Lara then signaled and beckoned each of us to our partner. My partner, by luck or design, was the brunette in the center.

When I got within range, she sat up on the couch. Her mouth descended to my cock and I felt the refreshing sensation of her wet mouth. To my left, he heard another initiate groan. Suddenly, a jet of semen struck the blonde in the face, and she recoiled with a giggle. He was red in the face and seemed genuinely disappointed at his brief showing. 

My dusky-haired mate pulled away quickly from my steely shaft and caught the next shot of cum from the guy's premature ejaculation.

The blonde pushed her away with a squeal, "Mine, Steph, get your own!"

My pledge brother's third and fourth shots splattered on Steph and the face of her blonde competition. When Steph returned to my cock, she had a slick silvery streak from the bridge of her nose to her chin. 

"Now, where was I?" she asked examining my waiting rod.

She shot forward like a snake consuming its prey and took me in as far as she could. And I give her major points for effort. No woman had ever gotten that much of my nine and half inches in her mouth, at least not in one go. Her tongue worked my shaft like a pop sickle while she applied an amazing amount of suction to the shaft. 

"Hey, no fair, mine went limp!" the blonde cried from my left.

"Too bad Justine," said Steph.

But Justine crawled onto the floor and put her head between my legs. I felt another mouth join Steph's as Justine laid a sucking kiss onto my balls. Someone was also digging her fingernails into my buttocks, and I was in heaven. This was why I had pledged in the first place.

Steph began to lick my cock. It was beginning to leap with each electric touch of her raspy tongue. My balls were pulling and tugging in anticipation of a monstrous orgasm. 

To my right, I heard Lara sucking off Jamie. His grunting was reaching a fever pitch crescendo. Lara clamped down on his spasming firecracker as he unleashed a load of seed into her waiting orifice. Dribbles of cum ran from both corners of her mouth making her look like a mischievous five-year old who just gobbled a whole ice cream cone. Jamie groaned and fell to his knees, but Lara followed him to the floor and slurped the last dribbles of cum from his dwindling dick. 

I was moments away from joining Jamie on the floor. My fatigue, combined with Steph's sucking, was driving me into a giddy, heady state of consciousness. I barely noticed when Steph released my cock and pulled me closer to the couch. I did notice when she thrust her thighs forward and slid my saliva-slicked member into her moist cunt. The head of my enraged monster parted her moist lips and found its way into the comfortably warm confines of her vagina. Her nimble hands eased the shaft all the way in, so that when I looked down, just a bit of my stalk was visible. 

I thrust forward and back. Steph braced her hands behind her against the couch and accepted each thrust with a nod of her head. With each pounding I gave her, her titties shook up and down. I reached forward and grabbed one in my large fist. My hands slipped around her sweaty flesh, my thumb and forefinger pinched her strawberry red nipples. 

Lara abandoned her Jamie and came over to lay a wet kiss onto my lips. Her tongue darted into my mouth and twisted around mine. She inched closer and rubbed her wet cunt mound against my upper thigh. Her hands stroked every inch of my torso. Then, another set of hands grabbed my buttocks, and I realized Justine was mirroring Lara's movements on my left thigh. The two juices of the two girls ran down my muscular legs as I humped Steph. Hank was absolutely giddy with the myriad of sensations.

Lara worked my nuts between her fingers. She tugged on them, giggled, pulled my shaft half out of Steph's sopping wet cunt, and then, lest I protest, she jammed her long tongue down my throat. 

Justine did her best to distract me away from Lara and Steph. She licked and nibbled my earlobe. She moved one her legs halfway up my tight abs, smearing her feminine juices along my side. She smashed her breasts into my chest and ran her white hot nipples across my skin. It sent shivers down my spine as she coated my sweaty skin with her scent and used her tits to rub it into me like one would suntan lotion.

Then, in one last attempt to drive me wild, she jammed her lubricated middle and index fingers to their first knuckles into his asshole. The slick digits drove me wild. A tingling flame ran up my back. 

Steph was rocking much faster now. I had held off as long as I could. I dug my hands into her breasts while driving my dick straight for her womb. My cock leapt and unloaded its hot load into her contracting hole. Steph's head shot back, and she exhaled a loud wail into the air. With each orgasmic spasm, I shuddered until my limp cock fell out of her cunt. I sank to my knees. Steph fell back to the couch. Lara knelt down next to me and planted a small peck on me cheek.

"I think you'll make an amazing brother," she whispered in his ear. 

But we were soon tossed aside in favor of the next batch of pledge brothers awaiting their initiation. 

* * *

© 2005 by Eagle1 - all rights reserved. All characters portrayed in this story are meant to be over the legal age to consent to sexual activity. Any similarity to characters or situations, real or imagined, is purely coincidental. Unless you happened to be there of course.
