 PRELUDE

Lori Williams walked naked across the room as if she was in a trance. Seated on a chair waiting for her was a naked Roger White. Lori straddled Roger and as she lowered her body Roger guided his well lubed 8" cock into her ass. Lori moaned softly as her rectum was filled with the thick shaft. Roger held Lori by her shapely ass and helped her slide up and down on his big dick. 

Across the room Roger's wife Rachel was smiling at the young 22 year old Lori as she watched her husband butt fuck the pretty girl. Rachel, naked and wearing a strap-on dildo, approached the couple stroking the fake cock as if it were real. Lori gazed at the imposing flesh colored phallus as Rachel moved to her. Rachel then eased the 8" long 5" around rubber dick into Lori's sopping wet pussy. 

Lori groaned loudly as the dildo filled her womb. Roger held still until his wife's fake cock was secured in Lori's pussy. Then Roger and Rachel established a rhythm as they double fucked their young guest. Lori felt her orgasm approaching and she held tightly to Rachel, their breasts pressed together. Lori cried out loudly as a massive orgasm tore through her youthful body.

Lori then held on as Roger and Rachel continued to fuck her. As she held on to Rachel she wondered how she ever let herself be seduced by this couple. Her husband Tom was some where else in the house and Lori wondered who he was fucking. Lori last saw Tom in the White's family room. He was in a lip lock with the pretty blonde Vicki as he fingered her pussy and she stroked his cock. It was another swinger's party at the White's home and Lori had become the White's favorite.

Lori felt Roger stiffen and push his cock all the way up her ass. Then Lori felt the warm cum shoot into her and flood her rectum. Lori could feel Roger's cock pulse in her passage as it released his load, stream by stream. Roger stayed in Lori's ass until his cock softened and slipped out followed by a gush of semen. Lori still remembered the time that Roger had took her anal virginity and now he could not keep his cock out of her ass.

Lori had had too much wine again, something she had started doing at these parties. The alcohol helped her deal with the sex. Lori was still impaled on the fake cock worn by Rachel and the two women kissed and rubbed their tits together. Lori sensed that other people had entered the room but it wasn't until they lifted her off of Rachel's rubber dong that she recognized them. It was Doug and Spence who lifted Lori up and carried her to the center of the room.

Doug and Spence were completely naked and they were both sporting impressive erections. Lori did not see their wives with them and she assumed they were together in another room. Lori knew that their wives, Mona and Sherry, were lovers. Lori had seen the two women in action before. Lori was then placed on top of Spence who guided his cock into her pussy. Then Doug fed his cock to Lori's mouth. Lori bounced up and down on Spence's dick as she sucked on Doug's.

As Lori serviced the two men she wondered why she ever agreed to join the group and she was still mad at her husband for pushing the issue. As Lori contemplated her fate she felt a nudge at her anus. At first she thought it was other man possibly Roger after her ass again but then she felt a woman's breasts press into her back. She then realized that Rachel was pushing the rubber cock into her ass. Lori had been tripled fucked before most of the time by men and once by Rachel, Mona and Sherry all wearing strap-ons.

Lori was triple fucked until Spence ejaculated in her pussy and Doug shot his wad in her mouth. Rachel pulled out of Lori's ass and Lori collapsed on the floor. The next thing that Lori remembered was when she was rolled onto her back and Rachel straddled Lori's head. Rachel lowered her pussy onto Lori's mouth and waiting tongue. Rachel had taught Lori to eat pussy weeks ago. Lori hoped that this would be the last act she would have to perform that night but it would not be her last.

HOW IT BEGAN 

Tom and Lori Williams married right after Tom graduated from Law School. Lori had just graduated from a liberal arts college but with the offer that Tom received from a law firm she didn't have to worry about working. Tom was overwhelmed with the offer that he got from a law firm based in Mississippi. The offer came out of nowhere but it was so attractive that Tom jumped on it right away.

When Tom and Lori arrived in Mississippi they were picked up at the airport and driven to a home that would be theirs as long as Tom worked for the law firm. The arrangement was that the firm owned the home and leased it to its employees. The firm would assure that the home was properly maintained and looked presentable in the neighborhood. Tom and Lori lived in a gated community and everyone in the community worked for the law firm. The security for the gated community was also provided by the law firm.

What Tom and Lori did not know was that their home was wired with surveillance cameras in all rooms. This was the case with all the homes except those belonging to the partners of the firm. When Tom interviewed with the firm he was set up in a hotel room that was also wired for surveillance. That night Tom and Lori stayed in the hotel room sealed the deal for Tom. When the partners got a look at Lori they knew that they had to have her and they agreed to make Tom an offer.

Roger, Spence and Doug sat in Roger's home the evening that Tom and Lori spent in the hotel. When they watched Lori get undressed for bed and then make love with Tom they were sold on the couple. Lori was a gorgeous brunette who stood at 5'7" and weighed a fit 115 pounds. She had a fantastic 35-22-36 figure with breasts that turned up at the nipples. However it was her ass that got the attention of the partners. Roger was the first one to remark about it saying, "Oh my look at that ass, what an ass."

The three partners watched Tom and Lori have sex that night in the hotel room and they were somewhat amused at the love making. It was clear that they were newlyweds. The wives joined their husbands to watch the young couple and they were pleased that Tom had an adequate sized cock. Rachel guessed it to be at least 7" and her estimate was confirmed by Mona and Sherry. However the truth be known the three wives were more interested in Lori.

As was the case with each new employee, Rachel would seduce the man before any moves were made on the wife. It never failed that once Rachel had seduced the new employee and it was recorded, the rest was easy. The new employee would then have to convince his wife to join the swing club or his infidelity would be exposed to his wife and he would lose his job.

TOM'S SEDUCTION

The first two weeks on the job had been brutal and Tom was putting in 16 hours a day. He knew it would all be worth it but the initial grind was challenging. Knowing that he would be working around the clock, Tom suggested that Lori spend the time with her mother as they would not see much of each other anyway.

It was Sunday and Tom was sleeping in as he had just completed his first grueling week. Tom heard the doorbell ring and he was annoyed that his sleep had been disturbed. Tom had another long day ahead and he wanted to get some extra sleep before he tackled the work waiting for him. Reluctantly Tom slipped out of bed and answered the door dressed only in a pair of workout shorts. He had even skipped the underwear thinking that no one would be coming in the house. Tom opened the door and he was surprised to see Rachel standing there.

"Good morning sleepy head," she said as she pushed past Tom and walked into the kitchen.

Rachel had brought over some warm buns and then she went about making a pot of coffee. "I know what the first couple of weeks are like, so I decided to treat you to some goodies," she said sexily, "I figured that with Lori gone that you could use some home cooked buns."

Tom stared at the very tan attractive woman with auburn hair and hazel eyes. Rachel was wearing a yellow outfit that consisted of a halter top and a pair of very tight shorts. It was obvious that she was not wearing a bra and the shorts were so short and tight that the cheeks of her ass hung out slightly. Tom actually felt his cock twitch in his shorts. He hadn't had sex in a week and he missed his wife. 

"Thanks for the buns," Tom managed not knowing what else to say as he felt awkward alone with the bosses wife alone in his home.

"I assumed that you like hot buns," Rachel said teasingly and then she turned her back to Tom.

Tom's eyes went right to Rachel's ass and he admired the view. Rachel was 5'9" with a 36-25-36 and very long shapely legs. That morning she was wearing sandals with high heels which made her look taller and sexier. Tom was getting nervous in her presence but he faced a dilemma. If he asked her to leave she might get upset with him but if she hung around longer he might embarrass himself. Tom decided to put on a shirt and pants but Rachel would not hear of it.

"I should get dressed," he stammered.

"Nonsense, you look fine. Now just relax and have some warm buns and coffee," Rachel insisted.

Tom sat at his kitchen table as Rachel served the buns. She stood right along side of Tom and her bare leg brushed against his bare arm. Tom felt electricity in the room but he was afraid to move his arm away. Rachel then brought the coffee over and once again she brushed against Tom as she poured the coffee. He could not help it and he felt his cock stiffen in his shorts. Rachel smiled when she saw the outline of his erection but she acted as if nothing was unusual. 

Rachel sat at the table with Tom and sipped her coffee as he enjoyed the homemade buns. Then Rachel decided it was time for action. She stood up as if to get more coffee but as she did she purposely spilled the coffee into Tom's lap. Tom jumped up and when he did the outline of his stiff cock was even more obvious now that his shorts were wet.

"Oh my, I am so sorry," Rachel called out and then said, "Let me get that for you."

Rachel dropped to her knees and began wiping Tom's shorts with a dish towel. The action did nothing except excite Tom even more and cause his cock to remain stiff. Rachel moved the towel over Tom's crotch and even grabbed his cock in the towel through his shorts. Tom groaned and Rachel smiled to herself.

"Please don't bother, I'll get another pair of shorts and put these in the wash," Tom said almost pleading.

"I can do that for you," Rachel said and with that she pulled Tom's shorts down to his knees. 

Tom's stiff cock leaped out and bobbed in front of Rachel's face. "She took a hold of his cock in the towel and said, "I'll dry this off first."

Tom was at a loss at what to do and then Rachel took it to the next step. "You know I think blow drying it would be better." Then she took Tom's cock in her mouth.

Tom gasped aloud and stood still in shock when he realized that his boss's wife was going to blow him. Rachel was a very adept cock sucker and she had Tom ready to blow his load in record time. Tom could feel the release building in his scrotum and then he warned Rachel that he was close. Rachel never removed her mouth but welcome Tom's youthful discharge into her mouth. She was prepared for the volume and force of his ejaculation as she had sucked many virile cocks in the past. Tom reached for her head and buried his fingers in her soft hair as he fired five to six streams of semen deep into Rachel's mouth. Rachel stayed glued to his cock and drank down every drop of semen. Then she milked his cock and drained it of every drop. Rachel also liked to control men and she did so with sex. She nibbled on the head of Tom's cock sending chills through his body. Tom had to push her head away as he thought he would faint if she kept it up. 

Rachel then stood up and took a hold of Tom's softening cock in her hand. Then she walked to the bedroom leading Tom by his cock. Tom still somewhat in shock just followed the beautiful commanding woman. At 37 years of age Rachel was not only a beautiful fit woman but she was sexual predator and a fierce lover in bed. They reached Tom's bedroom and Tom watched as Rachel dropped her clothes and got in the bed. She beckoned to Tom with open arms and he joined her in his bed. Until that moment he had never made love to any on but his wife in their bedroom. Tom would learn however that it wouldn't be love making but it would be raw sex with Rachel.

"I hope you know how to eat pussy because I am in need of a good cunt lapping," Rachel stated.

Tom didn't reply but just got between her legs and began licking her pussy. Rachel groaned with pleasure as it was apparent that Tom knew his way around a pussy with his mouth. Rachel loved having her pussy licked whether it was by a man or a woman. Tom licked her clit and then flattened his tongue against and rubbed hard. Rachel squealed when he did that and she loved the feeling of his stiff tongue. 

"Put your fingers in my pussy and find my g-spot," Rachel gasped.

She loved the combined orgasmic pleasure from her g-spot and clit being stimulated simultaneously. Tom fumbled around in her pussy trying to find her g-spot as Rachel directed his movements. Finally Tom located the firm hard flesh in her womb and he rubbed it vigorously. Rachel felt her orgasm building with the renewed action in her pussy.

"Oh my God, that's it. Rub me there, lick me harder. Oh god I'm cumming," she screamed.

Rachel's body lifted off the bed and she grabbed Tom's head with both hands. Rachel held tightly to Tom as she thrust her pussy at his mouth. Her love juices gushed into his mouth and he liked the taste of her. He always liked it when Lori came in his mouth and he decided that they both tasted sweet. Rachel finally released Tom's head and she flopped back on the bed. Tom looked at the beautiful woman sprawled out in his bed and then he followed her eyes to his cock. Tom had another erection but he was unsure what to do next. Rachel solved that question for him.

"Oh good your hard again. Bring that cock up here and fuck me good," Rachel directed.

Tom did as he was told even though in the back of his mind he was sure that he would be fired if Roger ever learned that Tom fucked Rachel. What Tom didn't know was that the video camera hidden in the bedroom was relaying all the action to Roger at that very moment. Roger was in his recreation room watching the action on the big screen monitor. Also with Roger were the other two partners Doug and Spence along with there two wives Mona and Sherry. The five of them were naked and they were having afternoon cocktails and enjoying the show. The two women were seated between the three men on the large sectional sofa. Mona had Roger's cock in one hand and Spence's cock in the other. Sherry was jerking Mona's husband Doug off as they all watched the action on the screen.

The five of them observed Tom crawl between Rachel's and shove his cock in her pussy. Rachel immediately wrapped her legs around Tom's torso and began to fuck him in earnest. Tom was putty in this woman's hands but he loved fucking her and now he did not care who knew. Tom started drilling Rachel hard and fast and the two of them went at it like animals in heat. Tom wanted to fuck her into submission at this point but he would learn that Rachel was insatiable. Rachel made sure that her clit stayed in constant contact with Tom's cock as she worked toward another orgasm.

Rachel then screamed out loud again as another massive orgasm rocked her body. She held tightly to Tom and yelled at him to hold her. Tom wrapped his arms around the quivering body and pulled her snugly against him. Rachel bit lightly into Tom's shoulder but she did break the skin for which Tom was grateful. Then Rachel gasped and fell backward onto the bed. Tom was still in her and he drove toward his own release. He didn't think about the consequences of infidelity or that he was fucking his boss's wife as he was now only concerned with his own pleasure.

Rachel then spoke, "Don't cum in my pussy. I want you to cum in my ass."

Tom was stunned and speechless not sure whether he heard her correctly. Tom had had anal sex in college but never with his wife Lori. 

"Have you ever fucked a girl in the ass?" Rachel quizzed him.

"Not since college," Tom admitted.

"You mean you don't fuck that sexy wife of yours in her hot ass," Rachel said sarcastically.

"No I don't," Tom snapped trying to sound firm.

Rachel laughed and then said in a sexy voice, "I love it in the ass. Will you fuck me in the ass?"

"I guess, if you want, yeah sure I'll do it," Tom replied somewhat stunned. 

Rachel smiled at him and then got off the bed. She retrieved some lubricant from her shorts and handed it to Tom. Rachel then got on all fours and directed Tom to lube her ass. Tom got turned on by putting the lube in her asshole. He enjoyed fingering her anus and caressing her curvy ass. Rachel rotated her ass in arousal as Tom inserted a second finger into her bung hole. 

"Okay I'm ready for your cock Tom, fuck me in the ass," ordered Rachel.

Tom knelt behind her and eased his hard cock into her ass. He worked it in slowly and reveled in the methodical penetration of her luscious ass. Rachel's ass was a warm tight receptacle. Rachel used her anal muscles to perfection as she massaged Tom's cock in her anal sheath. Tom caressed both of Rachel's gorgeous ass cheeks as he fucked her ass deeply. They both sensed he was about to cum again and Tom picked up his pace as Rachel squeezed his cock with more intensity.

"Cum in my ass, I want your cum in my ass," Rachel cried out.

Her words sent Tom over the edge and he fired his third load of the day into Rachel's hot ass. Rachel felt the warm sperm coat her rectal passage, a feeling that she never tired of. She squeezed her anal muscles and milked Tom's cock dry of every drop of cum. Tom continued to fuck her slowly until his cock softened and slipped from her ass. Tom just looked at her beautiful ass and watched as trickles of cum ran out of her ass across the lips of her pussy and down her inner thighs.

Tom collapsed on his bed and rested for several minutes. He never did hear Rachel leave his house. As he lay in bed he contemplated what had happened, what he had done. Tom was still in shock as everything had happened so fast. He was unfaithful to Lori; he fucked Roger's wife but worse he enjoyed every lust filled minute of it. 

In Roger's recreation room, Mona and Sherry had sucked the cocks of the three men and not they were on the floor on their sides in a 69 position eating each other's pussy. Roger, Spence and Doug were still watching the finale of Rachel's seduction of Tom on the big screen.

"Did you hear that Roger, Tom had not fucked his wife in the ass yet," Spence asked.

"Yes I heard that. So we will have an anal virgin in our midst. I'm looking forward to breaking that ass in," Roger beamed as he replied to Spence.

Doug and Spence were erect again and they looked at their wives on the floor eating each other. Spence and Doug then joined their wives on the floor and eased their cocks into their asses. Spence took Doug's wife Mona and Doug took Spence's wife Sherry. The two men fucked the women until they filled their rectums with semen. Mona and Sherry continued to eat each other until they orgasmed but they remained in the 69 position caressing each other and kissing each other's pubes.

"You have your choice of asses," Doug said to Roger.

"I'll pass," Roger replied and added, "Knowing Rachel I'll need something left when she gets home."

Everyone in the room laughed but they knew it was true. They had never met anyone as insatiable as Rachel. She was an absolute sex machine who could go for days. Rachel was capable of wearing out both men and women. Mona and Sherry recalled the time the three couples vacationed together at an all inclusive resort in the Caribbean. They sunned on the nude beach every day and performed every sex act imaginable the rest of the time. Rachel never seemed to get enough. 
