 Friday, and I was finally at the end of a particularly tiring week. I work as a pilot for a charter company in the Northern Territory and it had been a busy nine days, leaving me looking forward to four days off which included, for once, a weekend. What's more, my darling wife Simone had promise me a scrumptious dinner and her for dessert! I could hardly wait, and when I approached the front door of our house I felt my tiredness lifting at seeing her slim figure silhouetted in the doorway.

Simone was wearing a black bikini top with a simple matching wrap around skirt that was cut diagonally. It hung almost to her right knee but revealed most of her left thigh where it was tied together. In her left hand was a half empty glass of red wine, in her right, vodka on the rocks. The ice tinkled its welcome as she proffered the vodka to me and I eagerly accepted, savouring the cool touch of the glass that was becoming slick with condensation due to the humidity. The heat of the Territory is a mixed blessing, at times it overpowers in its humidity, but the upside was that it was like summer all year round and you could entertain outdoors.

'Welcome home,' Simone purred and I slipped my hand around her bare waist as our lips met. 

'Mmmm,' was all I could manage in reply. 'Thank God the week's over, I've been thinking about tonight all day.'

'That's good,' Simone's tone gave away that something was wrong. 

'What's up?' I asked.

'Nothing...' Simone failed to sound convincing as she turned and led me through the house. 'Why don't you slip out of those clothes...'

'What's up babe?' I asked again. I sensed that our planned evening was not going to be as I had been imagining.

'Well, I, um, well, I was talking to Dani today and she was saying how lonely she is with Ian being away, and I kind of invited her over.' It came out in a rush of words.

'Kind of invited, or actually invited?'

'Actually.' Simone pouted and dropped her head, allowing her long dark hair to fall forward and obscure her face.

'Babe,' was all I could manage, though I thought I did a good job of injecting a suitable whine into my tone. I had no objection to Dani coming over for dinner, but tonight of all nights.

'Can't you postpone it, even to tomorrow night?'

'I've already invited her. She'll be here in an hour,' Simone pouted. 

'Babe, you promised me that tonight was going to be for us...'

'And it will,' Simone grinned at me. 'In fact,' she added handing me her wine glass, 'how about if I blow you now, then once Dani's gone home, you can have me any way you want?' She sank to her knees as she spoke and the effect was immediate. The thought of her lips on me weakened my resolve, but I tried not to show it.

'Babe, I just wanted a night...' Her hands cut off my words as they began to rub my crotch, sending small shivers of delight through me as I felt my body respond. Four years of marriage and seven years of living together had done nothing to lessen the desire I felt for Simone and I was unable to resist her charms. 

Simone worked my zipper down as I hardened against the confines of my clothing, then her slender fingers worked me free and my full length strained towards her pouting lips. Simone had dropped her eyes from mine to examine me as though seeing me erect for the first time. Her right hand began to work slowly along my length, her grip tightening as it reached the tip, then relaxing as she worked her way back to the base of my shaft. Then Simone's mouth closed over me, no subtlety just a plunging of her lips down my shaft, the engorged knob of my cock compressed into the back of her throat filling me with that wonderful sensation that can only be achieved by fellatio. Simone's openness and honesty had been of great benefit to our sex life. She had asked me to explain in great detail how I liked things done to me. In return she explained what she liked, and what she didn't. As a result our sex life was mutually fulfilling. 

So therefore the head job I was experiencing in the open doorway of my house was for me, perfect. Simone ran her tongue along my length, occasionally slipping her mouth from me and working her tongue in a slow, circular motion around the end. It was divine, and in my worked up state, the result of spending a good deal of the day considering the moment that she would be doing this to me, I knew that I wasn't going to last long.

My etiquette with Simone has always been to warn her when I am about to come. When she is particularly horny, or drunk, she will let me come in her mouth. But as she had invited Dani over for dinner without consulting me, I decided that the house etiquette had been ignored anyway. So with a grunt I came, catching my wife by surprise just as she had pushed me into the back of her throat. To her credit she didn't pull away, instead tightening the grip of her hand around the base of my shaft to restrict the flow of my seed as she pulled her mouth back so that her only lips encased the tip. Her tongue worked my come from her mouth, though as the waves of ecstasy rolled through me I was oblivious to her technique. My orgasm seemed to last for minutes, the pent up frustrations of the week exploding from me and taking with it the tension of the week.

Finally I was spent and Simone rose to her feet, her lips and chin a sticky mess.

'Welcome home,' she said with a grin, took her drink from me and disappeared down the hall into the bathroom. 

Ten minutes later I stood under the shower in our en suite savouring the warm water as it washed away my sweat and the smell of kerosene. For nine days I had worked the maximum number of hours allowed and mentally I was part exhausted, part exhilarated. Despite having my idea of a romantic dinner and lovemaking somewhat thwarted by the impending presence of Danielle, I wasn't too disappointed. Dani and Simone had been friends for many years and I got on very well with her as well. Dani could only be described as "different", not in a bad way, just that she didn't care much how others saw her. "Arty" was how Simone had described her, and I could see why. She often wore second hand clothes that somehow didn't quite match but always looked good. At 160 cm her pants were often too long, but it worked, as did her short dark hair (sometimes streaked with various colours), that she once described as a "lesbian number two." Her figure was fuller than Simone's, but what she had went far beyond her looks. She had sex appeal and a lot of it. It was unconscious on her part but unmistakeable to those who knew her. And so, standing in the shower washing my work away, having received a very welcome head job, the presence of Dani was something that I found myself looking forward to. 

Out of the shower I pulled on a pair of black surf shorts and headed out into the living room. I could hear the sound of the spa and walked via the sliding doors into the covered courtyard that was the centrepiece of our outdoor entertaining area. Simone was in the water, her drink refilled, a fresh one waiting for me on the edge of the spa. Simone's wrap was folded neatly over the back of a chair and she was resting against one of the inbuilt head rests with her eyes closed.

Our spa is partly built into the ground, partly above so that it is not a great effort to step in and out. It can comfortably seat eight, at a squeeze ten. Along the edge closest to the table and chairs was a fibreglass recliner that was padded with water proof vinyl. It had been Simone's addition and a very worthwhile one.

I picked up my drink and announced my presence, 'cheers.'

Simone smiled, raised her own glass in a return toast and we both drank. I stepped over the edge and into the warm swirling waters. Being in the Territory we kept the water barely lukewarm. 

'How you feeling?' she asked.

'Better,' I replied, sitting carefully so as not to spill my drink.

'And with Dani coming?'

'Fine,' I replied, then thinking that I had answered too quickly, added, 'given your promise for later on.'

'Absolutely,' Simone said. Her green eyes sparkled and the pout of her smile indicated that she would fulfil her promise. We discussed our day, each listening to the other debrief, a healthy habit that we had developed to mark the start of our evening together. 

'I'll get it,' Simone said when the doorbell sounded, standing before I could move. I watched appreciatively as her wet bottom, clad in black hipster swimmers, wiggled across the courtyard and disappeared into the house. She reappeared a few moments later carrying a platter of cheeses, fruit and biscuits and followed by Dani. I hadn't seen Dani for over two weeks and wasn't too surprised to see that her hair now contained streaks of a deep purple. She was barefooted and was wearing a badly faded, oversized khaki tee shirt with a frayed neckline and a pair of dark brown cotton pants that matched her top only through its poor condition. 

'Hi,' she said, flashing me a smile. I raised my glass as a greeting. 

'You coming in?' Simone asked as she peeled the cling wrap from the platter and placed it on the table.

'Of course.' I tried not to stare as Dani pulled her tee shirt over her head, revealing her soft stomach to me. She was wearing a dark purple bikini and her C cup breasts flounced a little as the shirt was pulled over them. But only a little as they weren't real. Dani had gone the silicon way a few years ago when she was no longer happy with the effect gravity was having on her. 

Around her waist she wore a delicate gold chain, a gift from Ian. Simone wore a small platinum dolphin with an inset diamond in her navel, a gift from me on the occasion of our previous anniversary. They stood side by side for a moment and I was somewhat humbled at being in the presence of two such lovely women. Then Dani removed her pants, revealing the skimpiest of hipsters that matched her bikini top.

'I like your hair,' I ventured.

'I'm over it,' Dani replied nonchalantly. Simone laughed and turned to face me and I could see the twinkle back in her eye.

'Dani,' she said, 'I'd promised Dave a night of passion and romance before I invited you over.' I was horrified at her words and felt myself blush.

'Have I crashed your party?' Dani asked me, feigning embarrassment.

'No, no...' I tried to counter.

'He thinks you have,' Simone cut in.

'Its okay though, Simone is going to fuck my brains out once you go home,' I retorted in an alcohol fuelled attempt to regain my composure.

'Lucky you,' Dani replied. 'Ian's not due home for another five days, so there's no chance of anyone fucking my brains out.'

'Anyway,' Simone continued as though the exchange hadn't taken place, 'I thought we could provide him with some cheering up. With that she reached behind her and released the tie on her bikini top. Her pert B cup breasts with their thick nipples flounced into view.

'I feel better already,' I murmured appreciatively. I felt even better when Dani removed her top as well and the two women approached the spa.

'Shove over,' Simone ordered and I complied to allow them entry. I had seen Dani's breasts before, not that long after the enhancement. She had been keen as mustard to show them to everyone. 

We lounged in the spa, drinking and occasionally eating from the platter. The women chatted for the most part, with me mostly listening. I was returning from the toilet when once again I saw the gleam in my wife's eye.

'I have a little secret that I'd like to share with you, but you have to promise not to be embarrassed just because Dani's here.'

'Why would I be embarrassed?' I asked.

'Well you might be,' she replied.

'I don't understand.'

'You will once you see,' Simone said in a manner that made nothing clearer at all.

'Okay, I promise not to be embarrassed.' 

Normally I wouldn't have agreed so readily to such request as I can be easily embarrassed by Simone, but my head was buzzing with alcohol, the continued glimpses of glistening flesh and the promise of what was to come in a few hours. With that, Simone stood up and revealed that she had removed her bikini bottoms. It took a moment or two longer for it to register that she had also removed almost all her pubic hair. Water dripped from her labia and ran down her legs and at once I felt a twitch in my groin. Keen to conceal my growing excitement, I placed the drinks down and slipped into the water.

'Well, you might as well be the first man to see mine as well,' Dani said, standing to reveal her naked form as well. She too had undergone the Brazilian and I couldn't help but stare. Her pussy was exceptionally neat, however what captivated me was the small ring and the dangling charm that hung from her clitoris. Simone had told me some months ago that Dani had been pierced there, and now I was fortunate enough to see it.

'Come over and have a closer look,' Simone said. I moved through the turbulent water and found myself face to face with two bald pussies. I reached out and touched Simone, my unbridled lust overcoming any inhibitions I would otherwise have. Her skin was smooth and I could feel every contour, the movement of her lips, the firmness of her clitoris under its hood.

'Do you like it?' Simone sounded a little breathless and I realised that I was probably touching her somewhat firmly.

'Yeah, its so smooth.'

'And mine?' Dani asked. I looked quickly at her pussy, noting that the charm was a unicorn, then looked up and met her eyes.

'Very nice, I'm sure its just as smooth' I said, unsure as to what the correct etiquette was in such a situation. I actually did feel a little embarrassed, but hid it well.

'Do you like the unicorn?' Simone asked, slipping into the water beside me. Without hesitation she reached out and took hold of the small figurine between with her thumb and forefinger, making Dani's clit move forward. Simone had considered getting pierced, but I had talked her out of it, not at all sure it was something that I'd like. But seeing Dani had changed my mind.

'Its pretty cool isn't it?' she said, turning to look at me. She let go then stepped from the spa. 'Back in a second.'

'You can touch it if you like.' Dani's voice had become a little husky and as I dropped my gaze I noticed that her clitoris had swelled a little. Not one to refuse such an offer I reached out and took hold of the unicorn. He was quite heavy for his size and I turned it each way, conscious that as I did, I was pulling on the ring through her clit.

'Doesn't it catch on things?' I asked.

'Only Ian's tongue and cock,' she shot back. 

'And it feels good?'

'Especially when its being pulled.'

I pulled on it again, noting that her pussy was starting to redden. I wanted to clamp my mouth over her and twirl the unicorn with my tongue.

'Okay then,' Simone's voice broke into my fantasy and I released Dani's jewellery and moved back to the other side of the spa. My cock strained against the material of my swimmers. Dani volunteered to replenish our drinks and I watched her naked behind as she walked into the house.

'Enjoying yourself?' Simone asked 

'Uh huh,' I replied. I was feeling rather drunk.

'Do you want to fuck her?'

'Yep.' Simone said nothing but smiled. 'Wouldn't it be fair if you were naked too?' I had no idea what Simone was up to, but pulled my swimmers free and dropped them beside the spa. Dani returned and I tried not to be too obvious as I tried to look at her naked body.

'You know Dave,' Dani said, 'you should get waxed too, it would make you look a lot bigger.'

'Maybe I look big enough already,' I said. My cock was fully erect but hidden under the water.

'Mmmmm,' was all Simone said.

We returned to our drinking with me wondering where the night was headed. Simone's earlier questioning had piqued my imagination, but I was not going to make the first move. Judging by the way events had unfolded so far, some pre-planning had gone into the night. The conversation was flowing again when Dani's phone rang. Unselfconsciously she stepped from the spa and answered it, standing naked before us as she chatted. From the way her face lit up it had to be Ian, though I couldn't hear her voice over the spa.

'I'm going to check the curry,' Simone said and stepped from the water. I watched as she moved past Dani, who stopped her and asked her something. Simone smiled broadly and nodded, then continued inside. Dani walked to the edge of the courtyard and stood looking into the garden. Emboldened I too left the spa and followed Simone into the house. Our kitchen window looked into the courtyard. As I entered the kitchen I was confronted by Simone as she bent down to stir the curry in the oven. My cock ached but I stood back, waiting. Simone slid the curry back into the oven, turned down the heat then stirred the pot of rice.

Turning she saw me standing behind her and her eyes dropped to my cock.

'Want something?'

'You.'

'You'll have to wait.'

'A quickie now...'

'Wait.' Something in her tone held a hidden promise and a threat not to push it. I watched Dani return to the spa.

'Ian's coming over.'

'Oh, I thought he was away.' 

'Apparently he's flying through here with a four hour wait for a connecting flight, so Dani asked if he could come over.'

'That's cool I guess.' I was disappointed that the women would be covering up and that the nude frolicking would be over.

We returned to the spa and a very happy Dani. 

'Guess you'd like to borrow a bedroom for a couple of hours,' I joked.

'Right here will be fine,' Dani replied slapping the recliner. Ten minutes later the doorbell rang and the women leapt out of the spa. I had presumed that they would don their swimmers, but I was surprised, not to mention nonplussed, when they entered the house, nude. I stepped from the spa, my erection having once again subsided and pulled my swimmers back on. I had no desire to greet Ian buck naked.

After a minute or so I was wondering where everyone was and walked inside. At the end of the hallway facing the front door we have a full length mirror so that Simone can give herself a good looking over before we go out. I stopped short, not sure whether to be horrified, indignant or turned on. My wife and our guests were standing just inside the door which was thankfully, closed. Ian's shirt was undone and Dani had just sunk to her knees to unbutton his trousers. Simone stood behind Ian and was pulling his shirt off. Ian made no move to stop either of them and the look on his face was one of delight. 

His boxers followed his trousers to form a crumpled heap around his ankles and I watched as his thin penis rose rapidly to an impressively long length. Dani began to lick the tip, her lips and tongue urging him to full length. As his body responded Simone slid down behind him, dragging her nails down his back and across his buttocks. Dani took the tip of his cock into her mouth and I watched in rapt fascination as her cheeks hollowed and expanded as she began to fellate him. Simone removed his shoes and socks and helped him step from his trousers and boxers remaining kneeling with her breasts pressed against the backs of his knees, her face only centimetres from Dani's ministrations. I fount that I wasn't horrified, couldn't muster indignation and the bulge in my swimmers revealed that I had chosen to be turned on. I heard Ian moan and realised that this was almost a repeat performance of my arrival. I watched as Simone stood up wrapping her arms around Ian's waist and began to push her pubic mound against his buttocks. In doing so she began to guide the thrusts of his cock into Dani's mouth. Dani let her arms drop by her sides so that the only contact between her and Ian was her lips around his cock. Her dark eyes looked up at him as he fucked her mouth and I reached down to squeeze my own cock. Dani's breasts jutted forward from her chest and I thought I could just make out the inflamed lips of her pussy from behind. 
