 I have to thank honeywldcat for the edit job she did for me but I have to apologize to her because she does a fine job editing my stories but I can never leave them alone after she sends them back to me. For that reason any mistakes of errors in this story are mine and not hers.

*

A couple of years before we got married, my girlfriend Sue and I were driving up and down the main drag one Friday night. Usually, somebody in our group of friends had something happening that we could get involved with, but tonight all our friends had something else happening. So that being said, Sue and I didn't have anything planned for the night. It felt kind of strange not getting together with some of the gang, but this time by ourselves was appreciated. Sue was sitting beside me in my ride, as we just drove up and down the strip checking out the action.

I was kind of proud of my car. It was a '55 Ford Crown Victoria that I had found in a field. The body was in fairly good shape and the only thing that kept it from running was it had sat for too long and it needed a new battery and some TLC to get it back in shape. A few friends helped me tow it home and I spent a year getting it all back in running order and repainted. The car was in such good shape that the only thing that gave me trouble was the seats. Most of the springs and frame were bent and twisted, but I found some used ones in a wrecking yard two hundred miles west of home and soon had them redone and installed.

Sue had been helping me since day one on this project and was always by my side in the garage handing me tools or even pulling the odd wrench at times. Once the car was finished and running better than when it came out of the factory, I found Sue loved it almost as much as I did. We both found that those older cars sure had a lot of room in the back seat and we kidded each other about how Detroit built them that roomy just so a guy didn't get to cramped while making out.

For the last few months I had been trying to get Sue to show off more of her assets in public. I was, and still am a bit of a voyeur and Sue had a nice body that I wanted her to show off more. She had always looked nice, but the way she dressed was a bit old fashioned and plain.

She had been fighting the idea of displaying her body but was slowly coming around. I had been persistent in telling her that with her nice body, she should show it off more, so others could enjoy it as much as I did. The first little while she had been reluctant to be so daring in the way she dressed, but she had been slowly dressing more revealing.

Sue was now buying newer styles of clothes and better fits to replace some of the older things she used to wear. The plus side of that was she really was starting to look as hot as I knew she was. She noticed that other guys were looking at her more and paying more attention to her. Sue even commented to me, "I find that when other guys look at me that I get a bit of a buzz from having them appreciate my looks."

Anyway, that particular Friday night as we cruised, we both had a few cold ones just getting that laid back feeling, with not a care in the world. Sue was dressed in what I called her come-hither outfit. She had on a pair of very tight short shorts that showed off her shapely derriere nicely. Back then they were called hot pants but knowing facts like that would be aging me. To top off her outfit she wore a brand new, almost see through top with a matching coloured lacey bra that didn't quite conceal her nice c-cup breasts.

As we drove around that night, I thought I would taunt her some more and see just how far I could get her to go, so I told her, "You are just teasing me by the way you are dressed tonight, after all you are wearing that sexy blouse and then hiding the best parts with a bra." 

She replied, "It's not proper to show too much skin. A girl should leave something to the imagination." 

I then challenged her by saying, "You're just chicken!" 

She proclaimed, "I am not! The only reason I didn't take off my bra is because no one else is interested in looking at my boobs." 

I then challenged her more by saying, "How do you know that? I'm sure that if other guys saw you they would like the view as much as I do." I finished that thought by saying, "We will never find out if anyone is interested in your tits, if you are too much of a prude to show them off!"

I knew that comment about her being a prude would get her pissed off at me. She showed her displeasure by giving me an evil look. After all, I had questioned her opinion in what she thought about herself, and she didn't really like to be considered a prude because she thought of herself as being a bit of a free spirit and forward in her actions even if she was a bit on the reserved side. 

She was still upset as we turned the corner on a side road and she shocked the hell out of me when she took off her top and then her bra. The bra she hung on the rear view mirror, for all to see. She was still scowling at me and then put her top back on just tying the ends of her blouse under her breasts. She now was sitting there in a see through top without having done up any of the buttons.

She stared at me and defiantly said, "Are you happy now?" 

I must admit seeing her boobs under a see through top made her look sexy as all get out. I complemented her on her looks as positively as I could and praised her for displaying herself so openly. I figured I better get back in her good graces, so I put my arm around her and told her, "I'm so proud of you. You look fabulous dressed that way." 

That must have been the right thing to say and do just then, because she smiled at me. We continued to cruise some more and as we stopped at a traffic light, some guys on the sidewalk saw her and gave her a wolf whistle.

As she blushed, I told her, "See. Other guys do want to see your breasts. And they seem to like what they see."

It seemed that the more we went up and down the street, the more she was feeling better about how she was dressed and every time she spotted someone noticing her, she would sit a little straighter. She was getting more comfortable with guys looking at her ad I was enjoying the way she was showing herself off.

I could see a grin starting to come on her lips as she realized that she was enjoying the attention, so I asked her, "How are you feeling?"

She told me, "I'm surprised at how good I feel. Knowing other guys like what I have when they see my boobs is getting me turned on."

A lot of people did see her and her hand was soon on my crotch, rubbing my stiffening cock through my jeans. As she caressed me she commented, "You are so hard. Did I do that?"

I told her, "Yes, you did. With you showing your tits off it has turned me on so much that tonight when we get back to your place you are going to get the loving of your life, whether you want to or not!" 

We decided to cool off a bit and went to the nearest drive-in restaurant to get some snacks. We sat for a while and we discussed how showing a little bit of her body had gotten us so hot. We both had been a bit surprised that we had discovered that we liked the thrill of her being an exhibitionist.

After we both recognized that fact, I decided to push the boundaries even more and I teased her some more by saying, "I bet you'd get even hotter if someone else besides me was touching you. Who knows maybe you could get lucky with someone else!" 

She told me, "With all this riding around half nude and with you talking like that you've got me so horny! We need to leave before we make a scene!"

As we left, she admitted to me, "The thought of you watching someone touching me is getting me really hot." She then said, "But, we will never find out, since no one has ever shown an interest in me besides you!"

We decided to cruise some more and I was now rubbing her mound through her shorts and she was getting wet with desire. I told her, "You are so sexy that any guy would be happy to fuck you! All you have to do is give them a come on, and you will get jumped in a flash."

She thought I was just patronizing her and laughed.

We had noticed a guy trying to thumb a ride on the side of the road a few times now as we made our circuits around the strip and as we were approaching him again I commented to her, "Even he would jump you, if you give him a chance." 

She thought I was teasing her again and she didn't think before she spoke. She cautiously said, "Well he is kind of cute."

As we passed him again I looked at her and inquisitively asked her, "Cute? Why do you think he is so cute?" 

She then commented on some of his features and said he had a nice ass with broad shoulders and a nice lantern jaw.

We started another circuit and I pushed her some more and told her, "You are just talking out of your hat because you would be chicken if the guy ever showed an interest in you."

She came back at me with the comment, "I am not a chicken! We will never find out anyway because I have never met him and never will."

I realized that she still honestly thought I was teasing her and she was taking this conversation with a grain of salt. I smiled when I saw he was still trying to thumb a ride and I shocked the heck out of Sue by pulling over and asking the guy if he wanted a lift. My car was a two-door model and he hopped into the front seat with us. Sue just stared at me and stiffened right up as she sat as close beside me as possible and as far from him as she could get. 

I asked the guy, "What's your name?"

He replied, "I'm Carl." 

I smiled at him and as we started to drive I said, "How far are you going?" Then I added, "By the way I am Bill and this sexy thing is Sue."

He said, "I'm going to my sister's place in the Fort."The Fort was a nickname for a small town outside the city and he said, "I'd appreciate a ride anywhere that gets me closer."

As we drove we talked about the weather and such things, Sue just sat there not moving. Carl was trying to be nice by not being obvious about starring at her chest and I noticed that Sue was trying to act cool and show that it was just an everyday thing that someone was looking at her. I still had my hand on her thigh and could feel the heat from her pussy and could not resist as I rubbed it. She gave a little jump as I did and hissed at me.

I then asked Carl, "Do you think Sue has nice looking boobs? I noticed that you are having a hard time trying not to look at them."

He apologized for staring, and I told him, "It's OK with me. I've been trying to convince Sue that she had a nice pair and should be showing them off more."

He then asked Sue, "So do you enjoy showing off them off to strangers then? Does it give you some sort of kick when you do?" 

She replied, "Tonight is the first time and he tricked me into it." As she said this, she gave me an elbow in the ribs as she emphasized that fact. She did look into his eyes and said to him, "Surprisingly enough, I am getting a thrill out of it though." 

Carl offered to get out of the car if his being there was going to cause problems, and I told him that he could stay since Sue had found him... cute... and I didn't want her to get mad at me for ending her fun.

This got me another elbow and she told Carl, "Stay. You are the only reason I'm not choking the life out of him right now."

We stopped at a set of lights and I explained to Carl how I had got Sue to show herself off more and he said that he was happy to be the recipient of being able to view her nice boobs. Carl asked to stop at a store to get some pop and we stopped at a family store and he went in.

While he was in the store, I asked Sue, "Are you pissed off at me?" 

She shocked me by giving me a big kiss and told me, "I guess you are right, other people like the way I look." She then said, "You better not be mad at me, because it was your idea that has gotten me to do this!" 

I asked her what she meant by that and she said, "The more time I am being looked at by Carl, the more horny I find myself getting! With him sitting beside me gawking at my boobs, I'm hotter than I have ever been, and I want to be fucked soon!" She then left no doubt about how she felt when she added, "And I don't care who fucks me, but it had better be soon!"

That comment sort of set me back a bit, because although she was very responsive to me sexually she had never been that forward towards others. I figured that I would just see how things would progress for the rest of the night and I just told her, "Anything you want to do is OK with me." I did tell her, "No matter what happens though, I still want to be the one that takes you home." 

As Carl was coming back she said, "As long as we both understand where we stand on this and there will be no hard feelings afterwards between us, you will always be the one that takes me home."

I replied, "If what you are saying is that we will allow the other one to get involved sexually with others and have their fun, but still be a couple, I am all for it and agree."

As Carl approached the car Sue told me, "That's just what I was hoping you would want, and tonight we will see if that arrangement can work for us."

Nothing more was said about that topic because Carl had just opened the door and was getting in.

The next set of lights we stopped at, Sue turned to Carl and with a pouty voice asked him, "Do you really think my poor little boobs are nice or are you just leading me on?"

He told her, "You have a good-looking rack and your nipples just look like they are begging to be sucked on! Those tits are the best set I've ever seen."

I wholeheartedly agreed with Carl and told him, "The only way they could get any better is to feel them." He looked at Sue and me, and didn't know what to do so I told him, "Don't be shy. Touch them." 

I pulled over and watched as Sue closed her eyes as Carl slowly cupped one tit in his hand. Sue's body shook as he touched her and I could see goose bumps on her skin. She then took his other hand and put it on her other tit. Carl caressed those boobs through her shirt for a while and I started driving again. Sue and Carl began kissing and soon they had a lip lock on each other.

Their breathing was getting hot and heavy and when they came up for air Carl asked, "Are you sure you are both OK with this?"

Sue told him, "You betcha, I really want..." She stopped and then continued what she had been saying by adding, "Want is not the right word, what I really mean to say is, I need this."

I just smiled at him and told him, "I know a spot a little ways ahead where we can stop and enjoy Sue." I drove on, and soon was on the highway out of town and heading to our favourite parking spot.

Sue grabbed his head and went back to swapping tongues with him. Our favorite parking spot was a ways in the country and on the drive Sue moved around and got on Carl's lap straddling him. While this was happening they were taking off each other's shirts. When the shirts were off, Carl sucked on Sue's nipples like crazy. She was helping him by positioning each of them in his mouth so he could suck on them. It was erotic as hell seeing them do this as the approaching cars headlights illuminated them for a few seconds and then left them in semi darkness again.

I managed to get to our spot without hitting the ditch and told them, "There is more room in the back seat." 

They came up for air, opened the door and moved the seat forward. Carl climbed into the back seat first. He was sitting waiting for Sue and as she climbed in, she reached for his belt and almost ripped his pants off him. I reached over and closed the door and turned to watch them.

Sue had done an immediate dive on his cock and was sucking him. Her ass was stuck up in the air and I reached back and rubbed between her legs. She opened them for me and I then rubbed her pussy through her shorts. The shorts had definitely gotten wetter since the last time I had touched her there. She was trying to get all of Carl's cock in her mouth and Carl had grabbed both sides of her head and was pulling her face down on him. 

Sue soon had him as hard as stone as she bobbed her head up and down as she sucked him. After a while, he warned her, "I'm going to cum!" 

Sue stopped and grabbed the base of his cock, strangling his cock so he wouldn't cum. She waited until he was over his wanting to cum and then she told him, "Now I want you to eat me until I cum!"

Sue got into the corner of the back seat and Carl removed her shorts and dove right in. She came almost at once and she grabbed his head, keeping his mouth down on her. She was thrusting her pelvis at his face and wiggling around on his tongue like there was no tomorrow. I had meanwhile taken of my clothes and was slowly jacking my cock as I watched my girlfriend loose her inhibitions with a total stranger. She was looking at me, as Carl ate her with gusto and she smiled as she blew me a kiss.

Sue came again with Carl's tongue and as she released his head and let him loose, he immediately moved up over her and plunged his cock in her sopping pussy. Sue was now lost on another planet and the two of them fucked like mad, and they didn't stop until they were both covered in sweat and Carl was worn out. They broke their embrace and Carl then got off of Sue.

I told him, "Make room. I'm next." 

I climbed over to get in the back seat. Carl made room and got in the front as I plunged into Sue's saturated cunt. Her pussy was the slipperiest I had ever felt it being, and hotter than hell itself. She felt like she was on fire to me, and as soon as I hit bottom we set a furious pace as we fucked. I admit that because of all the previous evening's happenings, I was so horny that I could not last too long. I did manage to get Sue off once more before I came and added more cum to her sopping pussy. 

We lay there for a while then sat up and hugged. I said to Sue, "This experience was fantastic! How do you feel about it?"

She gave me a big kiss and excitedly told me, "I've never felt anything this wild and exhilarating! This experience, of having Carl fuck me as you watch, and him watching you and me, has made my mind and body, feel a thrill that has no comparison in sexual excitement and pleasure."

Carl thanked us for letting him enjoy Sue and told us he had to do more hitch hiking in the future. We were still all naked and I was cuddling with Sue while Carl started the car to get some heat going because it was starting to cool off. 

Sue told Carl, "Hop back here, both of you can keep me warm."

We all talked for a while, getting to know each other better as Carl and I fondled Sue's naked body.

When Sue asked Carl if he enjoyed himself he replied "You are a great lay. I'll be happy to fuck you anytime you want." 

Sue thanked him for the complement and gave him a kiss. I asked her, "When do you want to do something like this again?" 

She stunned me by replying, "Now sounds like a good time!"

She grabbed a cock in each hand and kissed me. 

In no time, Carl and I were both hard and Sue had me lay down on the seat and she straddled me. She wrapped my cock in her blazing hot pussy and told Carl, "Fuck my mouth!" 

The three of us rocked the back seat for a long time and Sue only stopped long enough to say, "This is the first time I've been in a fuck and suck with two guys at once, and I love it!" She then went back to sucking Carl while she fucked me. 

Soon this type of action wasn't enough for her and she issued an order to Carl, "Come around to the other side and fuck my ass while Bill fucks my pussy!" 

I don't know how we got into position in that back seat, but when we did Carl slowly inserted his cock and I could feel him inside Sue. She was gasping and breathing hard as he entered her, and when he finally got all the way in she told us, "Wait a minute! I need to get used to you both in me at the same time! I have never felt so full."
