 INTRODUCTION

In chapter one, we learned a little about the law firm and its very special social agenda. We met some characters and learned how Rachel seduced Tom. Then Rachel exercised her control over Tom and Vicki and the three of them feasted on sexual pleasures. In this chapter we will see how Tom is drawn in deeper and then faced with an ultimatum.

*

Tom worked extremely hard and he had been only temporarily distracted by the sexual encounters with Rachel and Vicki. Once his wife Lori had returned home he resumed his diligent work and studies for the state BAR. Tom was very happy that Lori had returned home and they had made love immediately upon her return. Each night that week after a long day Tom and Lori made love in their bedroom. Tom however noticed his wife's fantastic ass more than he ever had. He had never approached Lori about anal sex but ever since he had butt-fucked Rachel and Vicki, it was on his mind. 

When they made love Tom would caress Lori's ass more than he ever had. He loved fucking her in the doggy style position and watching her gorgeous ass with the curvy globes. He would fondle and caress her ass but he never touched her anus although he was tempted to try many times. When he stared at the tiny aperture he wondered how his cock would ever fit in there and he was sure that it would cause Lori some pain if he tried. Obviously Rachel and Vicki were experienced anal lovers and they handle his cock easily.

One Saturday evening after a busy day, Lori and Tom showered together and washed each other. Tom took that opportunity to wash Lori's ass and clean her anus the best he could without a douche. Tom remembered that Vicki had douched her ass for him and she loved being rimmed. He decided to make love to Lori's ass that evening to see how she would respond. After the shower Tom took Lori to bed and gave her a good cunt lapping before fucking her. Lori had multiple orgasms and she was in a very relaxed state when Tom turned her over.

Lori allowed herself to be placed on all fours and she anticipated Tom fucking her from behind. She was surprised when her husband began to plant light kisses on her buttocks and it sent tingles through her body. Lori found that she liked having her bottom kissed but she tensed up a little when Tom's tongue slipped between her cheeks. The sensation was frighteningly erotic but Lori also felt it was naughty. She really freaked out when his tongue dance over her anus and she moved away and rolled over.

"Tom what the hell got into you? That's so dirty, so nasty!" Lori reacted.

"I couldn't help it. Your ass is so beautiful I just felt that I had to kiss it and lick it," Tom replied.

"Well don't do that again," Lori ordered with mixed emotions. She thought the act was dirty but at the same time she experienced an erotic sensation. 

"I washed your bottom in the shower so I knew you were clean down there. I'm sorry if I offended you," Tom apologized.

"Just don't try it again, alright?" Lori added and Tom nodded his agreement.

"I'm going to get a drink," Lori said as she got out of bed and put on her robe. Tom then got up and threw on a pair of gym shorts and let the bedroom.

The incident was later witnessed by Roger and Rachel when they watched the surveillance footage on their big screen. They both got excited when Tom went after his wife's ass but they had mixed reactions about Lori's response. Roger was glad that Tom had been unsuccessful getting to Lori's ass and that Lori would remain an anal virgin. Rachel had hoped to see Lori squeal with delight when Tom licked her anus.

"She will be a formidable challenge for you Roger. She will not give up her ass easily," Rachel said as she stroked her husband's cock.

"I am up for the challenge. That ass was made to have a cock in it and once the wick is dipped she will be hooked," Roger answered confidently.

"I will want to see that moment," Rachel added.

"You will my dear, you will," Roger assured his wife and then he said, "Now talk about fine asses, I am ready for yours."

Rachel released her hold on her husband's cock, handed him the lubricant and got down on all fours. Rachel's ass was well broken in but she still wanted to be well lubed for her husband's ass buster. Rachel tried to imagine Lori's reaction when Roger's cock would worm into the young girl's rectum. Rachel remembered the very moment that Roger had taken her ass the first time and the ordeal that she went through. Her thoughts were interrupted when she felt Roger's 8" long cock slide into her ass. The length was not an issue but Roger's cock was almost 6" around and it took some time to get used to the thickness. As many times as they had anal sex Roger was always gentle and considerate.

As Roger fucked his wife in the ass he thought about Lori's ass briefly. Then he thought about all the other shapely asses belonging to the wives of the members of the firm. Roger was addicted to anal sex and he would not be refused by any wife not if her husband wanted to continue working at the firm. Then Roger focused on Rachel's ass and he caressed his wife's buttocks as he drilled her. Minutes later he felt his balls tighten signaling his impending ejaculation. Roger pulled his cock out of his wife's ass and shot cum all over her buttocks and anus.

Roger loved watching his seed shoot out and land on his wife's shapely ass. He aimed his cock at her anus and the first stream hit it and then the rest covered her bottom. Roger then moved his cock around on Rachel's smooth creamy buttocks before putting it back in her ass. Rachel then used her talented sphincter muscles to milk her husband's cock and drain it of any remaining cum. The two of them then cleaned up and retired for the evening. 

TOM IS REWARDED FOR HIS HARD WORK

Tom was called into Roger's office and the other two partners Spence and Doug were present. At first Tom was worried that he had screwed something up. He did not want to lose his job and give up the sweet deal he had with the firm. Tom knew that he was earning three times the amount of money that he could earn anywhere else and he had about half of the expenses. Also Lori was thrilled with the area and she loved living in the community. Things were good and he did not want to lose them.

"So Tom how do you thing you did on the BAR exam?" Roger asked.

Tom was worried that he may have failed it but he thought that he had done well. "I thought that I did well enough to pass it," Tom replied nervously.

Roger paused and then he looked at the other two partners which made Tom uncomfortable. "He thinks he did well enough to pass," Roger said almost sarcastically. 

Then the three broke out in laughter and Roger announced, "You only did well enough to get the highest score ever in this office."

Tom was relieved and the three men shook his hand and slapped him on the back. Then Roger broke out the scotch and they all toasted Tom and welcomed him officially to the firm. The four of them chatted and Tom was on cloud nine. He couldn't wait to get call Lori and tell her the great news. They finished their drinks and then Roger told Tom to take the rest of the day off and celebrate.

"Thanks Roger!" Tom accepted the offer.

"No problem, but do me a favor and on your way home, drop this package off at my house. Rachel is expecting it," Roger told him

"Sure, I'll be glad to," Tom agreed and he was relieved that Roger apparently never knew about his one night stand with Rachel.

Tom then left the office and he decided not to call Lori but to arrive home early and surprise her. First he drove over to Roger's estate like home to drop off the package. Tom pulled in to the circular drive and walked up to the front door. He rang the bell several times before Rachel finally answered the door. She was wearing a shear see through robe and Tom could make out her lovely figure. He had seen Rachel naked before but he was still surprised when she answered the door dressed like that.

"Hi, thanks for bringing the package over. Come on in," Rachel told him.

"No thanks, I should be getting home," Tom reluctantly refused the invitation.

"Nonsense, come in for one drink. I know you passed the BAR, let's celebrate with a drink and then you can be on your way," Rachel insisted.

"Okay but just one drink," Tom accepted.

He followed Rachel into the house and he stared at her lovely body and shapely ass. He thought about the day that he fucked her ass and his cock stiffened in his pants. He certainly wasn't going to fuck her in her house but it was exciting to think about it. Rachel poured him a drink and then invited him out to the pool deck.

"Come outside with me. I was sunning when you arrived and my drink is by the pool," Rachel offered.

Tom actually felt safer being outside with her so he accepted, "Sure that sounds great."

Tom followed Rachel out to the pool deck and when he got there he almost dropped his drink. Sunning naked were Vicki, Mona and Sherry. Tom was stunned and lost for words. 

"You know the girls don't you Tom, Spence's and Doug's wives Mona and Sherry? Of course you know Vicki and you must remember her hot ass," Rachel said as she dropped her robe on the lounge chair.

"Come and join us Tom and celebrate you're acceptance into the firm," Sherry said.

"But he is so over dressed, let's help him get comfortable," Mona added.

Tom stood frozen to the spot as he was approached by Sherry, Mona and Vicki. Rachel sat in her lounge chair to watch the action. Tom of course had fucked both Rachel and Vicki so he had seen them naked before but it was the first time he had seen Mona and Sherry naked. They were both attractive women built similar to Vicki with small breasts, shapely legs and curvy asses. Mona was a redhead with green eyes that looked like jade and Sherry had light brown hair with hazel eyes. Mona took Tom's drink from his hand and set it down of a nearby table.

Tom was speechless as the three women undressed him. Vicki and Mona pulled Tom's jacket from his shoulders and tossed it on the nearby lounge chair as Sherry dropped to her knees in front of him and untied his shoes. Mona then untied Tom's tie and then Vicki began to unbutton his dress shirt. Sherry had by then removed both shoes and socks and Tom stood barefoot on the pool deck. Vicki unbuttoned the shirt down the middle while Mona unbuttoned the cuffs. Vicki and Mona removed the shirt from Tom's body as Sherry unzipped his trouser fly. Tom's cock was rock hard beneath his boxer shorts and when Sherry pulled his pants, the boxers tented in front of her.

Now naked except for his boxer shorts Tom trembled slightly as the three naked beauties took their time with him. They caressed his arms, chest and legs. Tom thought that he might cum at any moment and there was a wet spot on his boxers from his pre-cum. Sherry, Mona and Vicki were all on their knees now staring at his erection outlined in his shorts. Then they took a hold of his shorts and pulled them down with painstaking slowness. Tom's erection caught in the waistband of his boxer shorts and then sprung free. His stiff 7+" cock bobbed in front of the three beauties and Mona spoke softly.

"Rachel and Vicki said you had a nice cock and they were right," Mona whispered sexily. 

Sherry then took Tom's cock in her mouth and sucked on it. Her head bobbed up and down and then she passed the cock to Sherry who sucked on it briefly before passing it to Vicki. Then Vicki sucked on it and passed it back to Sherry. This continued until Tom was ready to shoot his wad. "I'm going to cum," he yelled.

Sherry took the cock from her mouth and jerked on it until Tom began to spray his load. The first stream hit Sherry on her forehead and then giggling she pointed at Mona who took a shot on her face. Then it was aimed at Vicki and she was far enough away that the third stream landed on her tits. Then Sherry aimed the cock at her own tits and the Mona's tits. When Tom stopped shooting Sherry took his cock back in her mouth and sucked him dry. Tom was so excited that it was easy for Sherry to keep in hard in her mouth.

"Okay, now on your back," Mona said and she led Tom over to an inflated pool float.

Tom did as he was told and laid down on the float on his back. Mona straddled him and lowered her pussy onto his cock and rode him until she orgasmed. Then Sherry took her turn and rode Tom's cock until she attained her orgasm. Then it was Vicki and finally Rachel who took her turn with Tom. Tom felt that he was close to cumming several times but each time he got close whoever he was fucking slowed the pace so that he lasted longer. By the time Rachel got off of him Tom was ready to explode.

"Let him fuck you in the ass Vicki. He loves your ass and I want to see him cum on your buns," Rachel directed.

Vicki positioned herself on all fours on the float as Tom kneeled behind her. Rachel told Tom to put lotion on his cock and use saliva on it to make it very slick. Tom took the lotion from Mona who handed it to him and he put an ample amount on his cock. Then he spit in his hand and stroke it briefly. Tom then eased his cock into Vicki's very shapely ass and fucked her slowly. He wanted to last while he was in her beautiful ass but he was too far gone from all the sex. Rachel sensed that Tom was about to cum.

"Don't cum in her, pull out and cum on her ass," Rachel ordered.

Tom did as he was told and pulled his cock out of Vicki's asshole just before he ejaculated. He sprayed cum all over Vicki's marvelous ass and it was an incredible turn on for him. He stroked his cock as he aimed it at Vicki's ass and he watched as his semen bounced off her anus and buttocks. Then without waiting for any instructions from Rachel he put his cock back in Vicki's ass. Vicki used her sphincter muscles to squeeze the remaining cum from Tom's cock. Tom left his dick in Vicki's ass until it softened and slipped from her chute. 

"Okay everyone, let's take a dip in the pool and refresh our bodies," Rachel directed.

The five of them entered the pool and let the temperate water soothe and cleanse their bodies. After a few minutes in the pool, Rachel ordered everyone into the Jacuzzi. The five of them entered the hot tub and found a seat. Rachel turned on the jets and the five of them positioned themselves to enjoy the stimulation. The women had used the Jacuzzi before and they each had their favorite set of jets. They would use the jets to douche their pussies and anal areas and let the streams tickle their clits. The five of them started playing with each other and they soon had Tom hard again. The women took turns sitting on Tom's cock and riding him until they had an orgasm. Rachel was the first one to ride Tom's cock and she cautioned him not to cum again. 

"If you feel you're getting close, stop moving. You want to have some fire left in your stick for your wife tonight. I'm sure that she will want to celebrate your acceptance into the firm," Rachel whispered in his ear and then added, "Maybe she will even let you fuck her in her hot ass tonight."

Tom snickered to himself. As much as he would like to take his wife's anal virginity he knew that would never happen. Lori had made that clear the other night when he attempted to play with her ass. If she wouldn't let him put his tongue or finger in her ass, she would certainly never allow his cock in there. It was wishful thinking but it did get him thinking about his wife's magnificent ass. His favorite position was fucking her doggy- style which let him stare at her curvy bottom all the while he fucked her.

One by one the women rode Tom's cock until they were done with him and then they got out of the Jacuzzi. Tom dressed and let the four beauties on the pool deck and drove home. During the short drive he thought about his afternoon. He couldn't believe that he had now had sex with Mona and Sherry too. It was risky enough to be banging Rachel and Vicki but now he had fucked the other partner's wives as well. Still Tom loved fucking them and he wondered if next time he would get to fuck Sherry and Mona in the ass. Then he scolded himself for even thinking that there might be a next time. Just then Tom pulled into his driveway and put the car in the garage.

A RECEPTION FOR TOM AND LORI

When Tom arrived home late that afternoon, Lori had already made drinks and appetizers for them. Tom walked in and broke the news to Lori about his acceptance into the firm and he hugged his wife. Lori kissed him and told him she already knew the good news.

"Roger called just a few minutes ago and we are invited to a reception tomorrow evening at their home. The reception is to welcome you to the firm and us to the neighborhood. Isn't that exciting?" Lori gushed.

"It certainly is," Tom answered but at the same time he thought about how he would face the four women that he had just fucked an hour ago.

"Come on let's sit on the deck. I made some appetizers and poured wine for us," Lori said still beaming with the good news.

"Let me get out of my suit and I'll be right there," Tom told her.

Tom went into the bedroom and changed clothes. Then he joined Lori on the deck and they chatted about the firm and what it meant for them. They would now be wealthy beyond their expectations and could enjoy the finer things in life. The two of them enjoyed the appetizers and they finished off two bottles of wine. Lori loved wine but when she drank too much she got very romantic and vulnerable. Lori sat in her husband's lap and they engaged in foreplay. As Lori and Tom kissed, Tom got an erection and Lori shifted around on it.

"Is that for me?" she teased.

"You know it is who else would it be for?" Tom replied but then he thought about the four pussies that it had been in earlier.

Lori slid off Tom's lap and led him into their bedroom. Lori was hot and she was ready for Tom's cock to fill her pussy. No further foreplay was needed as Lori was more than ready. Tom got between her legs and slipped his shaft into her womb. They made love slowly and since Tom had already cum twice that day he lasted a long time. Lori's clit couldn't take anymore as she had orgasmed multiple times and needed a break. Tom rolled her over and placed her on all fours.

Tom entered her from behind and caressed her lovely ass as he fucked her doggy-style. Lori had her head on the mattress turned to one side and she had a blissful look on her face. Tom took his time fucking in that position as he never tired of looking at her sweet ass and wishing that he could fuck her there. They seemed to make love for hours before Tom finally ejaculated in Lori's womb. Then they both fell forward on their bed and rested. Between the wine and the sex they were spent and they both fell asleep in the spoon position. 

Tom and Lori slept through the night and the next morning they showered, dressed and went out for breakfast. Lori loved going to the quaint French bakery and café. She always ordered the soft boiled and French bread along with a café latte. They had a leisurely breakfast with several cups of coffee and read the morning paper. Later that day they relaxed around their home and rested up for the reception that evening. They were both thankful that the dress for the reception was casual as they had been to enough formal affairs. Tom wore a polo shirt and tan slacks. Lori also wore fitted slacks along with a tailored blouse, which did nothing to hide her shapely figure. Tom stared at her ass as they walked out of the house and he was convinced that her buttocks seem to stick out at least 8-10" beyond her lower back and thighs.

They arrived at Roger's and Rachel's home at 6:30 as planned. Rachel welcomed them and escorted them into the family room where the partners and their wives were seated. Tom was a little surprised that it was just the three couples along with him and his wife. Roger explained that only the partners attended the welcoming receptions and that there would be a formal at the end of the month for the entire firm. Rachel poured Lori a glass of wine and took her on a cook's tour of the house. As Lori walked out of the room, the partners all stared at her curvy ass. Each one of them had visions of sticking their cocks in Lori's bottom.
