 Denise and I have been good friends since high school. We went to college together and even opened a small law firm together. I have always had a crush on her, but I never expressed it to her, nor have I ever attempted to make a move on her. Instead, I just suppressed my feelings and we went on about our lives. That was until the day she called me to go out with her.

It was early afternoon on a Friday. Work was always a short day on Friday's as we liked to cut loose early for the weekend. Our employees seemed to like the idea as well. My cell phone rang just before I pulled up to my house.

"Hello?"

"Josh, how would you like to go out tonight?" Denise asked.

"I'm not doing anything tonight, sure." Even if I was busy, I always dropped what I was doing to go out with Denise.

"Good," she said. "I'll meet you there at eight and I got a surprise for you."

There meant our usually place, but the surprise threw me off.

"Yeah, you'll see when you get here," she said before hanging up.

Now my mind was reeling with ideas. Most of them were probably farfetched at the time, but I had hopes. I parked my car, went inside and showered. I didn't know what to expect, but I had a feeling something good was going to happen. I got dressed, cooked a small dinner and waited for the clock to tick down. When it was finally time to go, I bolted out the door to my car.

My heart beat hard the entire drive there. I tried to convince myself that it was going to be a normal night with Denise, but still something in the back of my mind was saying otherwise. Of course, once a thought slips in, it's hard to get rid out it before it spawns more thoughts.

I found a parking space with reasonable walking distance and headed in. It didn't take too long to find Denise in the crowded bar. She was wearing a sexy blue dress, but she wasn't alone. Sitting next to her in a red dress was someone I instantly recognized, Casey Foster. Casey was the girl in high school that no one could get with. She was the most popular and though she had boyfriends, none of them ever stood a chance to have sex with her.

Denise waved her hand at me and I quickly made my way through the tough crowd. By the time I reached the table, she already had a beer waiting for me.

"You remember Casey Foster, don't you?" Denise asked as I sat down.

I smiled and said, "How could I forget. Not only was she beautiful in high school, but she was the most popular."

"That is true," Casey said smiling at me. "I'm sorry if I seemed stuck up back then."

I waved a hand at her and said, "Don't worry about it. That was a long time ago." She and Denise smile. "So what brings you here?"

Casey opened her mouth to speak, but Denise spoke instead. "Casey too law and she has just recently left her law firm and is looking for a new home."

"Oh really?" I asked looking at Casey.

She nodded. "Denise said you may be interested in adding a new partner to the firm."

"We've been discussing it, yes," I said

"Well how about Casey then?" Denise asked. "She has quite a record for herself."

"I trust what you have to say," I told Denise. "If you think she's a fit, then yes."

"Great," Denise said. "We'll get everything sorted out on Monday then."

The night went on and we all caught up on what has transpired since high school and where we went to college. By the time we were ready to leave and go home I was shocked to see how close Denise and Casey were getting with each other. Then to may surprise Denise asked me something I wasn't expecting.

"How would you like to go back to your place and us three seal the deal?"

I looked at them both with a questioning look. Casey was the one to set it straight for me.

"Denise and I spent the last two years of high school sleeping with each other. I was into guys, but preferred women. That's why none of my boyfriends ever got in my pants."

"And also why you were kind of a bitch too," Denise added.

Casey smiled and said, "Yeah, you're probably right on that one."

"So what do you say Josh?" Denise asked. "I know you've wanted to fuck me since high school and I know you wouldn't mind Casey here."

All I could do was nod. Here was the woman I've wanted for a long time and another I lusted after in school. The two women get up and grab my hand, pulling me from the table.

"Come on, we'll take your car and get mine in the morning," Denise said.

I didn't argue, I just followed. The drive home was filled with excitement as Denise and Casey kissed and fondled each other in the back seat. I almost wanted to pull over right then and there and take them both, but I decided it'd be best to get them back to my place first.

We get inside and head for the living room. The two women flopped onto the couch with Casey sitting on Denise's lap. They kissed deeply as I took a seat on my chair. Then suddenly, Casey got off of Denise's lap and came over to me. She straddled my lap and kissed me.

The thought of Casey Foster wanting to fuck me was a major turn on and clearly one for Denise too. While we kissed, I grabbed Casey through her dress. I squeezed and kept an eye on Denise, whose eye were fixed on what my hands were doing. So I lifted her dress up and slipped my hands down the back of her panties. Denise now had opened her legs and was beginning to rub her pussy. Casey was still kissing me and was starting to grind on my lap. I think Casey wanted to fuck me and have Denise watch as she seemed to get a kick out of being watched.

Casey then stood up and pulled up her dress over her head. She was standing in front of me wearing a red lace bra and panty set. She looked incredible. This spurred Denise on and she jumped up and got in front of me too. She kissed Casey and then took her dress off too. She was wearing similar underwear, but hers was blue. Then they both started kissing while standing in front of me. This time their hands where wondering over each other's bodies. Denise was grabbing Casey's and Casey was grabbing Denise's breasts. The kissing and fondling intensified until they both stopped and looked at me. Then like they had one mind, they came over and started pulling my clothes off. I was naked within seconds and sitting in the chair with nothing but my hard cock standing tall.

Denise took my hand and then Casey's and led us upstairs to my bedroom. Denise had been over many times and though we never slept with each other, she knew where my room was. We got into the room and Denise jumped on the bed, pulling us with her. Denise and I kissed passionately and she was clearly horny. The women started stripping off their underwear. Then both pushed me back and both started to lick my chest, moving up to my head. Then both started kissing each other in front of me. This turned me on massively and subconsciously, I started to stroke my cock.

Then suddenly they both straddled one of my legs each. I felt a hand knock mine away and start to stroke it. I couldn't tell who it was, but it felt amazing. They were still kissing as I finally saw that it was Casey stroking me. Then they both broke off the kiss and started licking their way down my body.

They both ended up at my cock, each looking at one another. They kissed again, this time their chins just over the tip of my cock. They were teasing me and I loved it. Casey then broke off the kiss and licked my cockhead. Denise did the same and they both began to lick up and down the sides of my cock. The feeling was amazing. Casey then opened her mouth and slipped over my cock, taking it inside. She started bobbing up and down on it as Denise watched her. I pulled her up to me and kissed her. My hands wandered down to her pussy, which was already wet. I started playing with her clit as she lay beside me while kissing her. She was moaning in my mouth in not time.

I could feel Casey getting faster and deeper on my cock. Occasionally I could hear her gag as my cock hit the back of her throat. After a few minutes she turned her attention to Denise's pussy as it hovered next to my cock. She shifted over and kissed the bottom of Denise's stomach. Softly she made her way down until she was at the top of her pussy. Denise made a gasp and suddenly Casey began kissing it all over. She licked Denise's pussy lips and played with her pussy, teasing it, but never quite going for the clit. Denise was going wild kissing me and she clearly loved the sensation.

Her hips kept rising up to Case's mouth, but Casey was still teasing her. Denise's nipples were rock hard too and I could feel them rubbing on my chest. At that point, Casey must have decided the teasing was over and began to vigorously play with her clit. Denise let out a scream of pleasure. Casey was licking her pussy up and down, playing with her clit and occasionally working a finger into her soaking wet pussy. It didn't take Denise long to cum and when she did, her whole body tensed up. She grabbed me and started kissing me as the orgasm took her. When she broke off the kiss, she was breathing heavily. Casey got up and kissed her.

I rubbed my hand on Denise's pussy and then slathered my cock in her juice. I grabbed Denise and pulled her up to her hands and knees. Casey quickly slipped beneath Denise as I got up behind her. I quickly shoved my cock into her wet pussy and began to pump her. Denise instantly began thrust her ass back toward me. I fucked Denise a bit then pulled out and slipped into Casey's mouth and let her suck for awhile. I did this a few times and was nearly ready to cum. With a few thrusts I pulled out and shot my cum all over the outside of Denise's pussy. Doing this, I coated it in cum and also managed to get some on Casey's face. It was a pretty sight. Then out of nowhere, Casey stuffed her face into Denise's pussy and began licking out the cum that was there.

It sent Denise over the edge too and she started cumming. Casey tasted us both when she was licked Denise clean. Cum was all over her face when she pulled away. Denise rolled off to lie next to Casey. Denise leaned in for a cum covered kiss and said, "Welcome to the firm."

Casey smiled and said, "I think the partnership has gone to a whole new level.