 INTRODUCTION

Lori took her time getting herself together the morning after the orgy. She stayed in bed as long as she needed to and then she drew a hot bubble bath for herself. Lori sat in the warm bubbly water for hours. As soon as the water got a little cold she would drain some of it out and then add more hot water. All the time she sat in the tub she tried to play back the previous night. She still couldn't believe that she had given up her anal virginity to Roger but worse than that she had countless cocks in her ass after Roger. 

Lori remembered the beautiful Sasha with her dark eyes and black hair. Lori's body tingled when she thought of Sasha eating her pussy and then tonguing her anus. Lori lost track of Sasha after that and she wondered if Tom fucked her. Tom was enamored with Sasha's beauty and Lori sensed that he wanted to fuck her. Lori closed her eyes and lay back in the tub as a million thoughts passed through her mind.

Tom then interrupted Lori's thoughts when he walked into the bathroom carrying a couple of café lattes. Lori recognized the cup and she knew immediately that Tom had gone to the French coffee shop. Tom handed her one of the lattes and then he sat down on the side of the tub. Lori took a sip of the coffee and it tasted splendid as always.

"Thank you," she sighed.

"You're welcome," Tom said raising his cup.

"Tom what are we going to do?" Lori questioned.

"For right now you should enjoy your bath and your latte, we can talk later," Tom replied.

Lori nodded her head and relaxed in the tub with her latte. Tom left her alone and went into the living room where he enjoyed his coffee and read the morning paper. Tom also had things on his mind. He had not witnessed Lori's debauchery with the other men as he was preoccupied with other women mainly the beautiful Sasha. Tom still remembered Roger's words however when Roger told him what a great ass fuck Lori was and how he felt privileged to take Lori's anal virginity. 

On one hand Tom was disappointed that he wasn't the first one to fuck his wife in the ass but on the other hand he knew that he would now fuck that fabulous ass anytime he wanted to. Tom decided to down play the party and tell Lori that they should enjoy the good life that the firm provided. Later Lori emerged from her bath dressed only in a shorty rode and joined Tom in the family room. They discussed the party or in reality the orgy and Lori agreed to go with the flow at least for the time being.

Lori and Tom spent the rest of the day curled up cuddling on the sofa watching movie after movie. They snacked when ever they were hungry but never prepared any meals. By night time they were tired and they were both still sexually sated from the night before. They slept soundly and when Lori woke up the next morning, Tom had already left for work.

LORI LEARNS MORE ABOUT THE OTHER WIVES

Later that Monday afternoon, Rachel called and invited Lori to her home on Wednesday. She told Lori that a few of the wives were getting together to plan a barbecue. Lori was pleased that Rachel invited her as Lori had always felt that Rachel was a little distant. Lori accepted and told Rachel that she would be happy to participate. Wednesday rolled around and Lori found herself with Rachel, Sherry and Mona discussing what food they should have at an upcoming cook out. Lori felt that the meeting was a waste of time but she was still glad to be with the girls. 

"That's enough party planning today girls, it is time for the Jacuzzi," Rachel announced. 

"I don't have a bathing suit with me," Lori said at the same time remembering that she and Tom were always naked in their hot tub. 

"Not to worry, we never wear them," Rachel laughed and added, "It's totally private out back." 

Lori just watched as the women began to remove their clothes. The three of them approached Lori and proceeded to undress her, telling her not to be so shy. Sherry & Mona led Lori out back to the Jacuzzi while Rachel followed.

Sherry and Mona sat on either side of Lori but close enough so that their bodies were lightly touching Lori's. Rachel joined them and sat across from Lori staring at her with her deep dark eyes. The conversation was small talk, which eventually turned to sex. Lori realized that both Sherry and Mona had moved much closer to her and their bodies rubbed up against her. They also had begun to move their hands over her thighs and breasts under the water. Lori was nervous but also a little turned on and thought that the touching was innocent enough.

"Have you ever made love with another woman," Rachel asked Lori as she slid off of her seat and moved toward her. 

"Why certainly not," Lori snapped back but she thought of Sasha and the things that she did to Lori.

"I think you should try it Lori, the three of us do it all the time, Rachel said softly. 

Rachel positioned herself in front of Lori and reached up to cup Lori's tits. Sherry and Mona continued to stroke Lori's thighs and began to kiss her neck and ears. Lori froze not knowing what to do. 

"Just close your eyes and relax," Rachel instructed her. 

Lori followed her instructions and tried to imagine that Tom was going to fuck her. Soon she felt her pussy being probed with fingers, her tits and nipples being fondled, kisses on her face and neck and then a kiss on the lips with a tongue pushed into her mouth. The fingers in her cunt had worked their magic and brought her to her first orgasm.

"Let's move inside girls," said Rachel. 

They all got out of the Jacuzzi and helped Lori to her feet; she was clearly feeling the effects of the wine, the Jacuzzi and her initial orgasm. Sherry and Mona guided Lori into the family room. The room was very spacious with wall to wall deep soft carpeting. They eased Lori down on the soft cushioned floor. Sherry and Mona lay on either side of Lori and began kissing her tits and sucking on her nipples. Rachel moved between Lori legs and placed Lori's thighs on her shoulders, and then she began to lick Lori's pussy. Rachel probed Lori's pussy with her fingers as she ate Lori to another orgasm. Rachel moved away and Lori was then turned over on all fours. Sherry slipped underneath her and began to lap at her pussy as Mona moved behind Lori and started to rim her asshole. 

Lori went wild and was soon bucking and humping again with orgasmic convulsions. Sherry and Mona switched places and continued their pussy lapping and ass rimming. Sherry had a longer thin tongue that probed deeply into Lori's ass, driving Lori insane. Rachel moved to the front of Lori and positioned her pussy in Lori's face. 

"It is your turn, my dear. It's time for you to eat pussy," Rachel urged Lori. 

As if in a trance Lori moved her mouth to Rachel's cunt and began to eat pussy as if Lori had been doing it her whole life. 

"She is a natural," proclaimed Rachel and then yelled, "Oh my, this is going to be a quick one." 

All the buildup had Rachel so excited they she came in Lori's mouth immediately. Rachel's pussy was replaced by Mona's and after her orgasm it was Sherry's turn. Lori sucked on their cunts as if she was obsessed with their pussies. 

Rachel got up and went to a basket in the corner of the room where she retrieved four dildos 2 strap-on dildos and 2 two headed dildos that had to be 18" long with a fake set of balls in the center. Rachel strapped on one dildo that was almost as big as Roger's cock. Mona strapped on the other one that was about the same size. Mona lay on her back and Rachel had Lori straddle the dildo and lower her pussy on it. Rachel then greased up Lori's asshole and her strap-on. Rachel pushed the fake cock all the way into Lori's asshole and then she and Mona began to fuck Lori's brains out. Lori was grunting and groaning and urging them on when Sherry offered her cunt to Lori again. Lori plunged her tongue into Sherry's pussy without hesitation. 

The girls continued to work Lori over; switching positions with the dildos and having Lori eat them out. Lori was then rolled on her side and one of the two-headed dildos was placed in her pussy and the other one placed in her ass. Sherry got down facing Lori and pushed the other head of the dildo into her own pussy. Mona got behind Lori and pushed the other dildo into her pussy as well. Rachel slid her strap-on dick into Mona's asshole and the girls began to hump each other. 

Sherry reached up and played with Lori's tits while Rachel reached around and fondled Mona's big breasts. After Sherry came she pulled off the dildo turned around and this time placed the cock head in her asshole. Sherry pulled Lori's hands around so that she could play with her tits. Rachel pulled out of Mona's ass and moved over to Sherry. She pushed the strap-on dildo into Sherry's cunt and humped the daylights out of her. 

The combinations seemed to be endless for the rest of the afternoon. Lori passed out so the others left her sleeping on the family room carpet. It had been easier than any of them had thought it would be and they knew now that Lori was a convert. Lori had been insatiable and it had been some time since Rachel had seen a woman behave like that. The three women headed out to the pool deck to relax and catch some rays while Lori remained on the family room floor.

Lori never mentioned the lesbian encounter to her husband Tom as she decided that he really didn't need to know. Lori and Tom renewed there love making at home but when Tom went for her ass she put him off. 

"Tom, I am still very tender there. Let's wait until the weekend," Lori requested.

Tom agreed thinking that it was a reasonable request but he had no idea that Lori had had her ass reamed by the partner's wives that week. Lori still struggled with her inner thoughts as she wondered where all this would lead. Lori wondered if the orgies would continue and how often would they occur. Would she be called on to have sex with the other wives on a regular basis?

That Friday Sasha called and asked Lori to go shopping with her and Lori was thrilled as she wanted to get away from the house for awhile. Lori had not been to the mall that all the wives raved about so she was looking forward to seeing it with Sasha. Lori was excited about shopping with Sasha.

SASHA'S SEDUCTION

They went to the mall in Sasha's car and Sasha showed Lori around the mall before they stopped for lunch. After lunch Sasha took Lori to one of the boutiques that carried a line of summer dresses that Sasha liked. Sasha also knew that each dressing room was private and had a door that could be locked. Sasha picked out three dresses to try on and she asked Lori to assist her.

Sasha closed and locked the dressing room door and slipped off her blouse and jeans. Lori gasped as she took in the girl's beautiful flawless skin as Sasha stood there in her bra and panty. Lori's slight gasp did not go unnoticed by Sasha. Sasha slipped on one of the dresses and asked Lori to tie it in back. Lori tied the dress strings around the back of Sasha's neck. Sasha looked in the mirror and checked the dress in different poses.

"You know it is hard to tell how it truly fits with my bra on. You have already seen me naked. Do you mind if I take off my bra?" Sasha asked Lori.

Lori stumbled getting the answer out as she felt her loins stir, "No, please do, that way you will get the true feel of the dress." 

Sasha smiled to herself and then asked Lori to unclasp her bra for her as she let the top of the dress drop to her waist. Lori nervously reached for the bra to unhook it and her fingers shook as she fumbled with the clasp. Finally Lori succeeded in opening the clasp and Sasha slid the bra off her shoulders. Sasha then turned and handed her bra to Lori. Lori took the bra from Sasha but then she just stood there staring at Sasha's beautiful breasts. Lori had the strongest desire to reach out and touch Sasha's breasts. Lori didn't know why but she was drawn to Sasha. It had to be her Eurasian mysterious beauty.

Sasha pulled the dress top back up again and had Lori tie it once again. Sasha could feel Lori's fingers shake as she tried to tie the dress as before. Sasha again looked at herself in the mirror and checked herself out. This time she held her tits in her hands and hoisted them up in the dress as she checked herself in the mirror. Sasha then untied the dress and took it off and handed it to Lori who continued to stare at her beautiful breasts.

Sasha spoke first, "I like that one. Now let me try this one on."

Sasha tried on all the dresses and as she took the last one off she turned to Lori and held up her tits to the woman, "Do you think my breasts are nice?"

Lori was shocked and lost for words but she managed to reply in a shaky voice, "Yes they are very nice very beautiful." 

"Would you like to touch them Lori? I know that you have been staring at them all this time," Sasha asked in a sexy tone.

Lori didn't answer so Sasha walked closer, took Lori's hands and placed them on her tits. Lori felt the warm firm globes in her hands. Lori felt Sasha's nipples harden in her palms and then she felt a new stirring in her loins. Sasha placed her hands on Lori's and then she moved Lori's hands around on her tits.

"Would you like to kiss my breasts? They are so aroused I would like for you to kiss them," Sasha urged her.

Sasha took Lori's face between her hands and guided it to her breasts. Lori seemed to be in a trance as she allowed herself to be seduced. Lori kissed Sasha's tits and licked her nipples. Lori lost sight of where she was and she now focused solely on Sasha's gorgeous tits as she sucked on a woman's breast for the first time. Lori was overcome with desire and her own pussy was on fire. She then felt a steady push on her shoulders from Sasha's hands. Sasha was clearly pushing Lori to her knees.

"Lori I want you to take off my panties," Sasha said firmly.

Lori couldn't believe they were doing this in a dressing room but she hooked her fingers in the panty waistband and pulled them down Sasha's shapely legs. Sasha stepped out of her panties and Lori starred right into the young pussy with a tuft of black soft hair. Sasha took hold of Lori's head and guided it toward her pussy. With a moan of pleasure Lori stretched and kissed Sasha's pussy. Her warm lips made Sasha shiver as one of her hands caressed Sasha's ass. As she breathed on Sasha's pussy the warm breath made Sasha's skin tingle. Sasha moaned out loud unable to control her own gyrations as Lori moved closer and closer to her pussy. 

At the first touch of her tongue Sasha nearly jumped out of her skin. Sasha had experienced this many times before but there was something very special and very erotic doing it in a boutique dressing room. She moaned loudly again as Lori's tongue timidly lapped at her cunt. Lori shifted underneath her for a better grip on Sasha's ass, and the hot tongue snaked out again and Lori's hands tightened on Sasha's ass bringing her pussy closer to her face as she licked Sasha's juices. 

Sasha moved her hips, gyrated, thrust, and whimpered as Lori began to lick her more insistently copying everything that she had ever done to another woman. Lori's lips parted and she sucked on Sasha's skin, taking parts of her into her mouth, she sucked softly and then dove back inside Sasha's pussy with her tongue. Lori had learned a lot at Rachel's house and she was experienced beyond Sasha's expectations and she was doing very well. Sasha cried out as Lori's lips found her clit.

With just the slightest brushes of Lori's tongue and lips against the sensitive clit Sasha felt her body go into convulsions. She felt the juices flow out of her body and she cried out as her buttocks tensed in Lori's hands and she drove her pussy into Lori's eager face. The orgasm rocked Sasha's body as her pussy pulsed and her muscles tensed and she came gushing onto Lori's face.

"Lori!" Sasha cried out. "Lori, don't stop, Oh God don't stop!"

Lori plunged her tongue deep inside Sasha drinking her juices as they poured out. Each lap of her long tongue sent more shivers through Sasha's body, tingles shot up her spine, down through her legs, around her arms and through her pussy. As it finally it ceased there were still slight tremors of aftershock shaking Sasha as she pushed against Lori's face. Lori continued to lick Sasha tenderly savoring the experience of the girl sex. Lori's silky tongue ran up and down Sasha's widespread slit and Sasha struggled to maintain her balance. With a reluctant groan Sasha moved her body away from Lori and sat down on the chair in the dressing room. Lori crawled over to Sasha and placed her head in her lap. Lori whimpered and murmured as she kissed Sasha's smooth thighs.

"Thank you, thank you, oh, thank you!" exclaimed Lori as Sasha stroked her head.

Sasha pushed Lori back from her thighs and smiled at the young woman, "You did quite well. Now let me return the favor," Sasha said.

Lori was leery of taking off her clothes in the dressing room so Sasha just removed her panties and pushed the skirt up as she had Lori sit on the chair. A still naked Sasha knelt in front of Lori and covered Lori's pussy with her experienced mouth. Lori was so turned on that she orgasmed the instant Sasha's tongue touched her clit. Lori's body went into convulsions and she held Sasha's head tightly to her pussy as her body was rocked with her climax. Sasha licked up all her juices and then stood up and kissed Lori on the mouth and plunged her tongue in the teacher's mouth. Lori shivered again in the hands of her new lover.

Lori pulled her panties back on as she watched the beautiful Sasha get dressed. They left the dressing room and moved to the checkout area. Sasha had decided on two of the dresses and purchased them, and then they left the store. Lori couldn't believe what had just happened and it seemed more like a dream than reality. However it was real and she had had her first female encounter in a public place. Lori invited Sasha back to the house and Sasha immediately accepted the invitation.

At the house the two pretty women shed their clothes and cuddled up on Lori's sofa. They stroked each other's tits and fingered each other's pussy as they shared their experiences with each other. Soon they were both worked up and they made their way into Lori's bed. Sasha revealed a strap-on dildo that she had brought with her and told Lori that she wanted to fuck her. Sasha put on the black harness and snapped the imposing flesh colored dildo in place. Smiling at Lori Sasha got between her legs and positioned the fake cock at the entrance to Lori's pussy. Lori groaned when she felt the head nestle at her opening. 

"Relax," Sasha cooed. Lori nodded her head and took a deep breath, then slowly let it out. 

The dark haired beauty pressed forward slowly with her hips and Lori felt the head slip into her, but it quickly became too wide and the forward progress stopped. Lori felt the muscles at the entrance to her pussy clenching, fighting to keep the intruder out. Sasha kept up the slow steady pressure and Lori felt her muscles begin to give, slowly, inexorably the head of the massive phallus entered, stretching her open. The head slipped past the wall of constricting muscle and her inner lips closed upon the thick shaft.

Lori felt full to the point of bursting, but her pussy also tingled and itched, sending demanding signals to her brain that she needed more. Sasha proved to be a very thoughtful lover; she held her hips still and let Lori adjust to the big cock before she slowly pressed forward again. The blunt head of the dildo slid deeper into her, forcing aside the tight tissues of her inner channel. Lori gasped and Sasha instantly stopped. Lori felt positively stuffed and opened her eyes to gaze down her body. Lori was shocked to see she barely had two inches below the head inside her. Sasha began to slowly rock her hips, not thrusting forward as yet, but moving in an even motion that withdrew a few centimeters of the big cock and then pushed it back in. Lori's body jerked like a marionette on a string each time the forward progress of the big dick was halted by her inner walls.
