 It was a Friday and we were meeting up after college like we had been doing for the last few months. I usually couldn't wait to see her but this time something was holding me back. I felt angry with her, two days ago she'd revealed that she had a crush on the same guy I'd practically been in love with for nearly a year. She knew I liked him, we spent so many weekends talking about how he'd looked at me during the lesson or when he'd borrowed my pen. It was childish and I knew it but it kept college exciting for me. I felt like I was 14 again.

I knocked on her door and forced myself to smile when she opened it. The hours of eating pizza and watching movies dragged by due to my blunt replies to all her questions and awkward silences.

"What's the matter, Lexi? What have I done wrong?" She asked.

"Nothing." I replied, not looking at her in the eye.

"Oh come on, it's about Tyler, isn't it?"

I didn't respond, instead I stared blankly at the TV as if I was alone in the room.

"We aren't children, stop being a bitch." She joked.

"You're the one being a bitch." I picked up my bag and stood up. She grabbed hold of my leg which pulled on my jeans, revealing the top of my thong.

"Nice pants." She said.

"Whatever." I tried to keep walking but she had a firm grip on me so I sat down, letting out a sigh.

"Let's not fight over stupid guys." She put her hand under my jumper and started tickling my belly.

"Jasmine, stop." I couldn't help but laugh. Her hand gradually made its way up my body until her fingertips slid in underneath my bra. It should have felt wrong, I'd never thought about Jasmine in that way before, but in that moment it couldn't have felt more right.

I took off my jumper and she took off hers, we smiled at each other as goosebumps appeared all over our arms.

"Time for bed, I think." She held my hand. I couldn't have agreed more.

Jasmine and I always slept in our underwear together which isn't uncommon for good friends to do. Usually she slept on the left side and I slept on the right but this time our bodies were entwined, being angry at her only made me want to kiss her harder. Our tongues played with each other as our hands explored the others body underneath the covers. After a while our bras came off and I found myself playing with her nipples, kissing and licking them as she took off her pants. Her boobs were small and cute, and so fun to play with.

I bit her bottom lip gently and took a second to embrace her, holding her head against my chest.

"I never even knew I liked girls."

She kissed my neck. "Neither did I." 

Maybe us being so close had been weird, like I'd been holding off my lust for her for weeks and was too afraid to show it. My hand found her naked pussy under the sheets. I'd only ever touched my own, hers was so pretty. I ran my finger up and down, from her clit to her tight little hole. I began to put my finger inside her and she kissed me as I did so. Never breaking eye contact, she looked so innocent as if she hadn't been touched before. She was so beautiful. I wanted more of her.

I got under the covers and opened up her legs. It was so dark that I could barely see but I knew exactly where to go. I put my finger back inside her and worked it in and out, feeling her warm pussy get wet for me. I used my other hand to spread open her lips where I found her cute little clit, just begging me to lick it. I circled it with my tongue, making her back arch in pleasure. She let out soft moans and her hands grabbed onto the pillow tightly.

She pulled the blanket off of the bed and I looked into her deep brown eyes as I licked and finger fucked her. She grabbed a handful of my hair and pushed me onto her pussy harder, she tasted amazing and so sweet. I couldn't believe that I'd slept next to this forbidden candy for so long and never decided to unwrap her.

She pulled my hair, this time to stop me. "Want to get on top of me?" She asked.

My reply was more of a moan than yes, I was wet with excitement. I lay on top of her so her head was between my legs and mine was between hers, we both licked and swallowed each others juices, moaning simultaneously. Her tongue licked up and down my clit, making my legs shake, trying to hold back my orgasm for as long as possible. But then there was a knock at the door. I jumped off her, picking the blanket off the floor and hiding my body under it.

"Who is it?" I whispered to her. "Is it your parents?"

"Don't worry." She got out of bed and wrapped her short baby pink dressing gown around herself. "I'll get it."

I lay back on the pillow as she left the room, I heard the front door open and then shut within a few seconds. I could hear her speaking, and when the other voice replied I knew exactly who it was. They stood in the doorway, staring at my head that was poking out from under the blanket.

"What the fuck is Tyler doing here?" I glared at them, Jasmine was no longer in her dressing gown and Tyler was in his boxers.

She got into bed with me and put her hand between my thighs. "Well we both like him, he likes us, I thought we could share him."

"And you just expected me to be cool with this?" I was almost shouting.

"No." Tyler said. "She didn't, this was a bad idea." He walked towards the door.

"Wait!" I paused. "I'm okay with it if I get to have you first."

They both grinned.

I crawled over to the other side of the bed to get to him. He was tanned and his body was toned. He looked much better without clothes on. I could see the outline of his dick growing underneath his boxers. Jasmine came over too, kissing him while I took out his boner, he had a nice 7 inch dick. He began playing with Jasmines boobs and pussy so I got to work sucking on his hard dick. My tongue circled the tip as it had done with Jasmines clit. She came down to join me and she played with his balls. I tried to fit all of him in my mouth but could only manage 4 inches. We took it in turns to suck and play with him, stopping to kiss each other as he watched, we both looked into his eyes while we shared him.

She whispered something into his ear and I stopped sucking on his dick so he could lay down on the bed.

"You wanted him first, so you have him." She whispered to me.

She squatted over him and sat on his face, I felt my own soaking wet pussy as I lowered myself onto his dick. Jasmine and I moaned together, both getting so much pleasure out of the same man. I rode him fast as she watched him go in and out of my pussy. I'd dreamt of feeling his dick inside me so many times at college, he was better than I'd ever imagined. He was so big in my tight hole and I loved that my best friend was watching every second of it. I circled my hips on him, feeling his dick even deeper inside me. I learnt over and kissed Jasmine, our tongues dancing together, she was moaning as we kissed, her breathing was getting heavier until she eventually grabbed hold of the bed sheets, I rubbed my pussy as I watched her cum on his face, bringing myself to orgasm too, my own pussy tightened on his dick as I had the most intense orgasm of my life. There was nothing better than cumming while being completely full up.

Tyler was out of breath when Jasmine and I climbed off of him. He said to leave him for a minute otherwise he'd cum too.

While Tyler and I lay down Jasmine went over to her wardrobe, pulling out a black box. Out of it she took a 6 inch dildo and a pink vibrator. I was surprised, she didn't seem the kind of girl that would have toys. 

Tyler told us he was ready for me and Jasmine handed me the toys then bent over, putting his dick in her mouth. She must have been able to taste my warm pussy, she licked up all of my juices.

I sucked on her dildo, getting it wet before putting it in her pussy, inch by inch. She was so tight that only the head would go in so I turned on the vibrator, rubbing it all over her clit until I managed to get all 6 inches inside of her. She looked so sexy getting her mouth and pussy full up with dick. Tyler had grabbed hold of her head and was fucking her mouth, she was moaning like crazy, we were all enjoying every second of it. I kept the vibrator on her clit and eventually she came again, she'd taken Tylers dick out of her mouth and practically screamed so loud that I'm sure the entire neighbourhood would have heard. I took the sopping wet dildo out of her and Tyler told her to stay bent over. He spread her legs even wider and put his dick inside her.

"Oh my god." She exclaimed. "This is even better."

She let him pound her pussy while I used the vibrator on mine. I felt the extreme pleasure of it take over my whole body and I came too, over watching my best friend get fucked.

"Lay in front of her, baby." Tyler said, so I did, with my legs wide open she licked my pussy, starting with my wet hole and moving onto my clit. Tyler made eye contact and we both smiled. All three of us were using each other to feel good, and Jasmine was in the middle, the cause of it all. I could have kissed her if she hadn't been busy playing with me. We were all moaning, slowly getting louder as we felt more orgasms coming, I came first, surprised at how easy I was, letting two people fuck me and then cumming for both of them. Jasmine came next, biting my thigh as Tyler pounded her through her orgasm.

"Ah guys." Tyler fucked her harder. "I'm going to cum."

I bent over next to Jasmine, he pulled out of her and came all over our bare asses. We took it in turns to lick the cum off each other and ended it with a threeway kiss, swapping the cum between us until we swallowed.

We fell asleep that night spooning, I was in the middle. I fell asleep last, thinking about our newest addition to our Friday sleepovers and how they'd never be the same again.