 It was Friday at Two and I had Jack on top of me again. I could feel his large demanding penis filling my pussy, drawing the juices out of my flesh on each slight withdrawal, and then pressing down tight into my ever wetter channel.

I know that I should be tired of all this and that I should be glancing at the watch on the wrist of the arm which was stretched around his neck, but Jack was such an expert. There was nothing he didn't know about pleasing a woman, and, I don't know, maybe his member was just the perfect fit for me. No. I was not looking at my watch. My arms were locked about his neck, and my legs were locked around his buttocks, and it was unbelievably perfect. I wondered if his wife really appreciated the treasure she had.

"OOOOHHHHH," I moaned. I don't usually moan like that. I mean, I do, but usually it's fake and I moan to excite them and get them moving faster so they'll finish faster and get the hell off of me, and get out of my flat, so that I can have a few minutes to myself with a cool glass of lemonade and a cigarette. But, oh, what Jack was doing to me. That I was getting such pleasure and getting paid for it as well. Well, God is good.

"You like that, baby?" he asked me.

"You know I do," I told him. I also knew that it was time for some dirty talk. Jack loved dirty talk. Jack was a dirty guy, and I loved it. "Give me your cock. Give me your big cock. I love the feel of your big cock in my hot pussy, honey. Oh. Give it to me. Fuck me. Fuck me."

"That's just what I'm doing, baby. Am I the best you ever had?"

Men! They're all so insecure. They always need assurance. But he was the best. I looked forward all week long to Fridays at Two. 

"Oh, baby. You're the best. No one else does it like you do. I love the feel of your big cock inside my tight wet pussy. Fuck me. Fuck me."

He shut my mouth by planting his lips over it and thrusting his peppermint tongue inside. I had his tongue in my mouth, his hands on my breasts, and his cock in my pussy. "AAAARRRGGGHHH," I screamed, coming to my second orgasm within five minutes. "Don't stop. Don't stop," I pleaded. I wanted more. And I still had twenty minutes before I had to wash up and get ready for Bill at Three. 

"Sorry, baby. Here it comes." With that, he started slamming it into me. Then he held still as I could feel it pulsating inside me, shooting out jets of hot cream. 

"Oh. That was so wonderful," I breathed into his ear, running my fingers through his hair as he collapsed on top of me in a sweaty heap. And in a few minutes he would peel off five one hundred dollar bills for me. I really loved my job.

I wasn't always a prostitute. God! How I hate that word. I went to University and studied psychology, and became interested in human sexuality. I got my masters degree and even my PhD. Yes, darlings, you can call me Doctor. At first I was just doing psychotherapy with my patients. Letting them sit in a chair and talk to me. But I felt I could be doing so much more. So I became a licensed Sex Therapist and Surrogate.

I had not had much sex myself in my early years. I had been too busy studying. But I found now that as a surrogate I was getting pleasure as well as giving pleasure to the patient. I would talk to them, try to ease their fear or anxiety and help them to achieve and maintain an erection in whatever way I could. Then I would let them practice on me. I was preparing them for the fierce sexual competition in the outside world, and fortuitously at the same time getting laid myself. 

I did this for a couple of years, but then I started wanting better sex. These men were so timid and unsure of themselves. I wanted to be with men who loved pussy, who knew how to give a woman pleasure, who knew how to fuck. Thus, I gave up the pretense of therapy, and decided to let real men fuck me for money. The best decision I have ever made.

"What time is it, baby?" Jack asked me.

"Two forty," I said.

"Do I have to leave yet?"

"Well. I do have a three o'clock. You'd better wash up and start getting dressed."

"Is that the same guy I see as I'm leaving every week? You introduced us once. Bill?"

"Yes. Bill is my steady Three o'clock."

"Is he as good as I am?" he asked me in a little boy voice, his brow furrowing.

"Jack. No one is as good as you are." And that was the truth. Jack was dynamite in bed. I loved having his cock inside me. And he was so handsome. Over six feet tall, and well muscled from going to the gym three times a week, and he had the most perfect features. Apparently he was just too much for his wife, who didn't want it all that often. The fool! Well, she had the ring, and the big house and the expensive car, and the country club membership. But I had her husband's dick. Every Friday at Two.

"You were telling me that you used to be a surrogate?" Jack asked me. 

"That's right. I'm licensed by the state to do what I do. Isn't that convenient?

"Yeah," he laughed. "I was just wondering..." and his words trailed off. He suddenly looked troubled.

"What is it, Jack? What's wrong?" I questioned him.

"It's my son. I'm worried about my son."

"Why? What's the problem?"

"Well, he's eighteen years old and he's about to go to college, and I don't think he has any experience. He never goes out on a date or anything. He just stays in his room and reads all the time, or watches television. He's nothing like me. When I was his age I had a dozen girlfriends, and I'd fucked them all."

"Maybe, he's just a late bloomer," I said.

"Maybe. But I was thinking, maybe he could benefit from having a beautiful slightly older lady such as yourself guide him along the way."

"What a delightful idea!" I cried, clapping my hands. Jack's son. How perfect! To get an eighteen-year-old version of Jack in my bed. That was too good to be true.

"So, you'd do it?" he asked me.

"I'd be glad to," I told him. "The only trouble is 'when?' I'm booked solid."

"You are?" he asked. He was clearly disappointed. 

"Yes. I want to do it for you, Jack. The only problem is time. I don't know when I could fit him in."

"Well, I could give him my time for a few weeks, until he goes to college," he suggested.

"Fridays at Two? Well, yes. If you wanted to give him your slot that would be fine."

"But he has to think that you're a therapist, and a surrogate. You can't let him know that I'm fucking you. If he ever told his mother........."

"Have no fear, Jack. I'll paper the wall with my diplomas and licenses. I will be very professional. I promise you," I told him.

"Well, okay, then. I think I'd like to do that. I'll check with him and see if he would be willing. I'll tell him that someone recommended this nice, very pretty lady who is a sex therapist and surrogate, and that he can practice on her. That it will be good experience for him. I don't see why he wouldn't agree, but I'll call you," he told me as he pulled up his pants and zippered them, finally cinching his leather belt. He spoke loudly, as I had gone into the bathroom to wash up for my next appointment, Bill.

Jack was still combing his thick black hair, when the doorbell rang, and I opened it for Bill. They had met before at Three p.m., and I didn't see that there would be any harm in it. Jack on the way out. Bill on the way in. It was like a revolving door. I was a master of efficiency.

"Jack. You know Bill. Bill. You know Jack," I said as they passed each other in my doorway. 

"Yeah, hi Bill," said Jack.

"Good to see you again," said Bill, always the perfect gentlemen, and they shook hands. Then Jack was gone and Bill and I were alone together. I took off my robe, and then I started to undress him. Bill always liked it when I undressed him. He told me he thought it was so sexy. And naturally, the minute his pants and boxers dropped I was on my knees to stimulate his thickening dick.

"Oh, suck my cock, baby. Suck it. You know how I love a good blowjob."

I took my mouth off his cock to say 'yes," and then he climbed onto the bed with his erection pointing at the ceiling. I crawled between his knees to continue my task.

"Oh, you're so good, Zelda. You give the best head."

"MMMM. HHHHMMMMM." I said, because I had his dick in my mouth and couldn't really thank him properly for the compliment.

After a little while, he put his dick in my pussy and we started to fuck. I was on my knees with my ass in the air, and my head on a pillow, as he got behind me and gave it to me doggie style, from the rear. I knew he really wanted to test out the other orifice, and if he had ever gotten up the nerve to try it, I would have happily let him continue.

"Oh. You're cock feels so good inside me," I told him.

"As good as Jack's?" he asked me as he slammed it home.

"Better," I lied. They all wanted to believe they were the best. His cock was nice, and pretty big, but it didn't really fill me the way Jack's did. It didn't create that unbearable suction which pulls the juices out of me. But it was still very enjoyable. I was having a good time, and in a little while he would shoot his thick white load into my pussy, and peel off five one hundred dollar bills on his way out. Does life get any better?

Two days later, Jack called me, and told me that he had spoken to Ronald, his son, and that Ronald was really very positive about the whole thing. So it was set that I would be seeing Ronald on Friday at Two. I was looking forward to it. I was dying to see what Jack's son was like. I was sure that with a little training and encouragement, he would become the assmaster his father was in no time at all.

I set two chairs in the living room, facing each other, and I hung all my diplomas and degrees and my state license on the wall for him to see. I was merely a professional therapist about whom his father had heard from a friend.

Friday at Two, (well actually two minutes till two) my doorbell rang. I opened it. There was Ronald. I let him in. He was not at all what I had expected Jack's son to look like. Jack was a big handsome bear of a man. Exciting. Powerful. Ronald looked nothing liked him. He was medium height, and very slender, with sharp delicate features. He was beautiful. Not handsome, but beautiful. Jack had once taken out his wallet and showed me a picture of his wife. She was slim, and petite and delicate. Ronald looked like Linda, his mother.

"Come in Ronald. Sit down." I led him to one of the armchairs, and sat across from him. "I spoke to your father on the phone, and he told me he thought it would be good if we talked."

"Yes. He told me," Ronald said.

"Have you ever been with a woman, Ronald?"

"No. I haven't," he admitted.

"Haven't you ever wanted to?"

"I guess so. I mean I've thought about it. It's just that....... I don't know."

"Well you must have urges."

"I guess so," he said.

"Do you masturbate?"

"Sometimes," he said.

"What do you think about when you masturbate?"

"Nothing," he said.

"Ronald. You have to be thinking about something."

"Well sometimes, I think about Battlestar Gallactica."

"Battlestar Gallactica?" I asked him. "Really?"

"Yes. No. I don't know. Sometimes."

"What do you find erotic about Battlestar Gallactica?"

"The spaceship cabins, I guess," he said.

This poor boy. He was so out of touch with his feelings. Thank goodness Jack had sent him to me. He desperately needed help, or he would have a very lonely and unhappy life.

"Ronald. Making love to someone is the most beautiful experience you will ever have in your life."

"I've heard that," he said.

"Would you like to try it?" I asked.

"Yes. No. Maybe. I don't know," he said.

"Yes, you would." I decided for him. "Let's go into the bedroom." I stood up and took his hand, and led him into the bedroom. "We won't even get undressed yet," I told him. "We'll just lie down on the bed side by side and cuddle."

I think he was a little relieved by that. I did make him take off his shoes, and I took of mine, and we stretched out side by side on my most essential piece of furniture. His breathing seemed to be a little rapid. I took his hand to hold it and it was damp. He was nervous.

"Ronald. There's nothing to be afraid of. We'll just lie here like this and get to know each other a little."

"Okay," he said.

I held his hand for another few minutes, until I felt he was a little less anxious, and then I asked. "Would you like to kiss me?"

"Okay," he said. He didn't sound that enthused about it. I would have to show him how wonderful kissing could be. I took him in my arms, and we began to kiss. Slowly at first, and then I urged my tongue into his mouth. I think he was beginning to get a little excited. I could see something pushing out in the fly of his pants. I wondered if I dared be brazen enough to put my hand on it. I decided to wait. I would have to proceed very slowly with Ronald.

"Would you like to touch my breast?" I asked him.

"Okay," he said, obligingly, but he didn't do anything, so I had to take his hand and put in on my breast and move it around a little. After a few minutes of this, I dared to lay my fingers lightly on his leg, very near the groin. He was hard. Hallelujah. I moved my hand up and gently began stroking it through his pants.

"Oh. It feels so big," I told him. "Is it big?"

"I don't know," he said.

"Why don't we get undressed," I suggested. He gave a big sigh, and began unbuttoning his shirt. I slipped out of my clothes and lay down naked next to him. I could see his stiff rod pressing against his tight white shorts, but he wasn't taking them down, so I just reached out and began to lower them myself.

He had a perfectly respectable endowment. Nothing like his father's of course, but perfectly respectable. Enough to please a woman.

"Why don't you kiss my breasts," I told him. Dutifully he moved his head down and began to kiss first one and then the other. "Use your tongue," I suggested. He did. He did everything I told him to do. But was he really enjoying it? I would have to find out what he would enjoy.

I decided to let him experience the pleasure of oral sex. I moved down on the bed, and got between his legs, and gently took his cock in my hands, and stroked it. Then I began to lick on it a little. Then I put it in my mouth. He gasped. Good! This was something he liked. I began to lick up the inside of each of his thighs from the knee to the groin. Then I licked his tight firm balls. His eyes were closed and he was breathing heavily. Finally I took it in my mouth and applied tongue and suction. After several minutes of this, he suddenly exploded in my mouth. I held him in my mouth until he began to soften, and his breathing returned to normal.

"That was nice," he said.

"I'm glad," I told him. I clearly was not going to be able to introduce him to vaginal sex in this session. Next week, I decided.

It was five minutes till Three, and he was about to leave, but I couldn't let him leave without his homework assignment.

"I'll see you next Friday at Two," I told him.

"Okay," he said.

"But when you go home, when you masturbate, you are to think about me. You are not to think about Battlestar Gallactica," I instructed him.

At that moment, the doorbell rang. It was Bill. He was slightly early. I let Bill in and Ronald out. They passed each other and nodded. I did not introduce them.

When I had closed the door, Bill asked me "Who was that?"

"That was Jack's son. You met Jack," I said.

"Yes. He's sending his son here?" He was clearly appalled.

"Yes. He's having problems. He's very shy. Jack thought I could help him. I am a state licensed sex therapist and surrogate, you know."

"Right. Right. I'd forgotten. So how is it going?"

"I don't know," I said. "He's so shy. It may take a few sessions."

We got undressed, and Bill lay down in the center of my bed. "I'm a little tired, today. It's been busy at the office. I'm gonna let you do all the work."

So I did. That's what I was getting paid for. I orally stimulated him to full erection and then I placed myself over him, and slowly sank down on it. We had a long slow dreamy session as I rocked myself up and down on his rigid fleshpole. Finally, I heard his breath quicken and he began to slam his hips up into me, and it happened. I felt his warm fluid flooding inside me.

"That was great," he said.

"Yes. I enjoyed it too," I told him.

"So do you think you're gonna be able to help Jack's son?" he asked me. He was still thinking about Ronald. I wondered why.

"I certainly hope so."

"What's his name?"

"Ronald," I told him. "Why are you so interested?" I asked him.

"I'm a little worried about my boy, too."

"Really? What's wrong?" I asked him.

"I'm kind of getting the feeling he doesn't relate well to women."

"How do you know that?" I asked.

"I hear things," Bill said. "And also he was dating the oldest daughter of a couple we're friendly with, and all of a sudden it stopped, and when I asked him about it, he wouldn't answer. And then I asked my friend Al if his daughter had said anything to him about Rusty, and he told me that Gladys didn't want to see Rusty anymore. She didn't even want to speak to him. She told him that Rusty was an uncouth ruffian. And he's always referring to this or that girl as 'that cunt.' I don't know what his mother and I did wrong."

"Poor Bill," I commiserated, taking his hand.

"I was just wondering if you could look into the problem for me, and find out what's going on in his mind, and maybe guide him a little."

"Yes. I could do that for you," I told him.

"I could tell him that you were counseling the son of a friend of mine, and that I would be willing to pay for him to see you. But I could hint that it wasn't like regular therapy. It was more like therapy with fucking. Why wouldn't he agree to that?" Bill looked at me and shrugged.

"Why indeed?" I said. Why wouldn't Rusty jump at the chance to have sex with a sophisticated and glamorous older woman?

"When could you see him?" He asked me.

"That's the problem. I'm completely booked. Jack had to give up his own hour for me to see his son, and you would have to do the same."

"I really look forward to Fridays at Three," he told me. "But if it will help my son, I'll gladly make the sacrifice. Let me broach the subject to him tonight, and see what he says, and I'll call you."

The next day Bill called me and told me I would be seeing Rusty on Friday at Three. Well, my degrees and diplomas and licenses were already on the wall.

Friday came, and so did two o'clock. The bell rang. I opened the door.

"Come in, Ronald," I said, inviting him into my parlor. I was not wearing a dress today. I had put on a seductive lacy peach negligee, and my hair was hanging loose, and I had dabbed on a bit of Baisez Moi, my expensive new perfume. I brought Ronald directly into the bedroom today and we lay down side by side on the bed. I took him in my arms and began kissing his perfect little ear, and licking it a little. I could tell that he was getting an erection inside his pants. I whispered into his ear, "Have you been doing your homework?"

"Yes," he said.

"You thought of me when you masturbated and not Battlestar Gallactica?"

"Mostly," he said.

"Mostly?"

"Well a couple of times I imagined we were together inside the spaceship cabin."

"Well that's okay then. As long as I was in there with you. And what did we do together?"

"Oh, you know."

"No. I don't know. I need you to tell me."

"You did what you did last week."

"You mean with my mouth?"

"Yes."

"Didn't you imagine anything else?"

"Like what?" he asked me. Was he for real?

"You know, Ronald. There is more to a woman than a mouth. You know that, don't you?"

"Yes," he said.

"It's called a pussy. Have you ever really examined a woman's pussy?"
