 It was Friday night and time to go to work. Most twenty something people would frown at working on a Friday night. But Fallon didn't. She had a job that they didn't have. Fallon worked at a bar. She was the assistant manager of one of the city's best rock clubs. Work never really was work. All she had to do was come in for a couple hours in the afternoon, and then come to the club at night and make sure everyone was having fun. Some nights she would escort visitors home to make extra sure they had a great night. It really didn't matter to Fallon who she went home with; guys, girls, guys and girls, whatever. She didn't think of herself as bisexual, more as a try-sexual: she would try just about anything. 

As of late, however, Fallon had only been going home with one person. He was a drummer in a band that played at the bar quite frequently. Everyone said they were dating, but she thought of it as friends with benefits (awesome benefits!) simply because they skipped the formalities and went straight to bed. Tonight was one such night that his band was going to play. 

As Fallon walked up to the front door of the bar, the jaw of every guy in line hit the floor. She was wearing her favorite pleated plaid miniskirt that barely covered her luscious ass and reminded many of a schoolgirl skirt. As if that wasn't revealing enough, she was wearing a tight white shirt with a neck line that plunged between her full D-cup breasts, teasingly exposing a black lace bra. 

"You're such a damn tease," Chris said with a kiss on the cheek as she hugged him. Chris and Fallon had been friends for years, and in the past he had been the one that would join Fallon, should she be unable to find a suitable companion for the evening. Fallon had stopped sleeping with Chris when she started sleeping with Jarek, but as with most guys, that just made him want her more. 

"I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about," she said grinning. She walked on past him and into the bar causing every girl in line to groan their displeasure because she didn't have to wait. 

The bar was already filling up and the techs for the opening band were already on stage getting ready. She made her way to the bar and waited for a drink. Finally, Nathan made his way to Fallon and made her favorite drink, a Jack and Coke. Drink in hand, Fallon finally surveyed the scenery. She didn't like to check people out until she had a drink. Looking around she noticed a small group at the end of the bar, and one of the girls was checking her out. She thought it only polite to return the gesture. She smiled her sexiest smile and winked, causing the girl to smile broadly. It had been months since Fallon had been with a woman, and she was beginning to miss it. It wasn't that Jarek didn't satisfy her, he did quite well in fact, but there was something about a woman's touch that Fallon enjoyed. She had thought about asking Jarek if he would like to bring someone else home, but she didn't want to over step her bounds. She knew he had a wild side, but didn't know how wild it was. 

"You look like a slutty little school girl in that skirt," said a voice into her ear from behind. It was Jarek's voice. 

"You remind me of high school." Jarek and Fallon had gone to a private Catholic high school together. 

"Do you like it? I wore it especially for you," I asked, turning to face him.

"Oh, you did. Well, I guess I'm going to have reward you later for that skirt," he said and kissed her hard. "I should probably leave now or I'm going to get a hard on. That'll make it a bit hard to play."

"Wait, Jarek. Can I talk to you for a minute?"

"Is it bad?"

"No, I don't think so. Is there somewhere quite backstage we can go?"

"Yeah, follow me." 

Jarek took her backstage to a bathroom for the musicians. The guys from his band whistled and catcalled as the two closed the door.

"Sorry, I know it's not glamorous, but its quiet and we're alone."

"It's fine."

"What did you want to talk about?"

"Well, I had an idea I wanted to pass by you. You said you wanted a present for your birthday, a kinky present right?"

"Yeah," he said with a questioning look on his face. 

"What did you have in mind when you said kinky?"

"I don't know, babe. I was just thinking toys, whips, chains, some cute little outfit, I don't know. You're a pretty dirty girl; I figured you would think of something fun."

"Well, I think I have, but I wanted to make sure it was ok with you first."

"What is it?"

"How would you like it if I brought someone else home with us?"

"Who did you have in mind?" He didn't sound as thrilled as she would have liked.

"Well I was thinking brunette, petite, long hair good for pulling, big tits like mine, tight ass, legs for miles. What do you think?" But the growing bulge in his pants spoke for him. Jarek couldn't help but smile. 

"Are you serious?!"

"Yes, I'm serious. I even have someone picked out. Just need to see if she is willing. So, you're not freaked out by this?"

"Freaked out? No! Ever since you told me you were bisexual I was hoping we would eventually bring someone home."

"Wow! I was worried to ask you because I wasn't sure how you would feel about it." 

"Honestly, how did you think I would react? My gorgeous-ass girlfriend just asked if she could bring another hot woman home to bed with us. That is like every guy's dream. However, it would probably be different if you asked to bring home another man."

"Wait, you just called me your girlfriend."

"Did I?"

"Yes."

"Is that a bad thing?"

"No, not necessarily, however you should probably take me on a date before you call me your girlfriend."

"Well, we'll work on that part later," he said with a wink.

"And why would it be weird if I asked to bring home another man?"

"Because, as much as I love you and your adventureness, I'm not bisexual. But I have had this one fantasy for a long time."

"What is that?"

"I don't know if I should tell you. I might save it for my birthday next year."

"Oh come on, tell me."

"Well, I've always wanted to watch a girlfriend of mine get fucked by another guy. I wanted to see all the things I can't see when I'm doing the fucking."

"Really? It wouldn't bother you that another man has his dick in your girlfriend?"

"Well, no. First, it would only be a one time deal, at least with that particular guy. And two, I would only allow it if the attraction was purely physical and she found nothing about is personality appealing."

"Oh, ok." BANG, BANG, BANG! Fallon jumped as someone pounded on the door. 

"Hey dude! Hurry up and cum already! We have to be on stage in three minutes."

"That's my cue, babe. We'll finish this conversation later. Right now, you need to go out there and find us a pretty little thing to have fun with."

Fallon made her way past the dance floor towards the bar. As the crowd parted she could see the brunette beauty from earlier standing alone at the bar. Fallon, walked up to the bar next to her.

"Hey!" the beautiful girl said to her over the DJ's music.

"Hi. I'm Fallon, what's your name?"

"I'm Corin," she said with a gorgeous smile. "God! This place is so busy. It takes forever to get a drink."

"What are you having?"

"Jack and Coke."

"Oh, a girl after my own heart." Fallon waved her hand and got Nathan the bartender's attention. 

"Hey Fal, what can I get you?"

"Two Jack and Cokes, please." Nathan went to work making the drinks.

"How did you do that? I've been waiting here like ten minutes."

"Oh, I'm the assistant manager here. I'm his boss."

"Oh. So, what do you do around here?"

"I'm just here to keep everyone happy. I hang with the bands and make sure everything is alright with them. That sort of stuff."

"You get to hang with the bands? That's so awesome! Do you know anyone from tonight's band? I absolutely love them?"

"Yeah, I know them all. In fact I went to high school with the drummer."

"Get out of here! That is so awesome!" 

"Would you like to meet them when they're done with their set?" 

"You're joking right? Of course I would!" The crowd went wild and the two turned in time to see the band take the stage.

While the band played the girls had drink after drink. Fallon convinced Corin to take a shot from her breasts, which excited everyone at the bar. The Fallon did a tequila shot, taking the lime from Corin's lips. By the time the band was on their last song, Corin and Fallon were flirting heavily and making out, much to the delight of every man at the bar. They stayed at the bar after the band had left the stage to give them time to cool down and clean up a bit. Finally, after a final Flaming Dr. Pepper shot, the girls made their way back stage. Corin stumble quite a bit on her way to the back, but Fallon was still fine. During her time working at the bar she had learned to hold her liquor quite well. When they made it backstage Fallon introduced her new friend to the band and then went to talk to Jarek.

"So, have you asked her back yet?" he whispered to her.

"No, I just got her back here. I figured you could pitch that idea. Anyways, she loves you guys. She's less likely to tell you no than me. But I would suggest hurrying before one of the other guys does."

"What's your name?" Jarek called to Corin, pulling her attention away from the lead singer.

"Oh, I'm Corin," she said, coming to where Jarek and Fallon were sitting.

"Corin, this is my friend Jarek, the drummer."

"Oh my god! I just wanted to say that I love you guys."

"You guys? Fallon and I?"

"No, your band. I absolutely love your music."

"Oh, well thank you."

Fallon, Corin, and the band stayed back stage for another hour drinking and having fun. At one point during the hour Jarek told Corin it was his birthday.

"It is? Do you want me to sing to you?" she asked jokingly.

"I have a better idea," he said and leaned in to whisper in her ear. When he was finished Corin, giggle, looked Fallon up and down smiling, then turned to Jarek and nodded. Fallon automatically knew what Jarek had asked Corin. 

"My birthday is in a few months. I think you two should make out for us as an early present to me," said one of the band members sarcastically. Apparently Corin liked this idea because she came over to where Fallon was sitting and began kissing Fallon. The girls continued to make out off and on until it was time to go. Fallon decided to take Corin and Jarek back to her place so that Corin did not lean where Jarek lived. She thought it best considering Corin was a fan. She didn't want Corin coming around Jarek's place whenever she wanted.

Fallon led the two to her house and into the living room. Corin stumbled drunkenly as she tried to take her heels off. 

"This is a nice place you have Fallon. Kind of tomboy-esque." As Corin continued to tour the room Fallon and Jarek went to the kitchen. Fallon opened the refrigerator to get a drink, but was surprised by Jarek wrapping his arms around her. She cocked her head exposing her neck and leaned back against him. He kissed her neck and nibbled on her ear gently. His hands were touring her body. 

"Are you ready for this?" he whispered into her ear.

"More than you can imagine," she replied. Fallon grabbed three bottles of beer and went back to the living room. Corin greeted her with a smile, and paid her a long kiss for the drink. Jarek went to the stereo near the hall and turned it on, filling the entire house with music. Drink in hand Corin began to dance against Fallon, bumping and grinding to the rhythm. When it appeared that Corin had almost finished her drink, Fallon took the bottle from her, set it on a table, and took by Corin by the hand to lead her down the hall to the bedroom.

Jarek was a few steps behind and when he came to the doorway he found Corin and Fallon standing at the foot of the bed making out. Fallon was cradling Corin's face as they kissed and Corin was cupping Fallon's breasts, rubbing them gently. Jarek came up behind Fallon and began sucking on her neck, while he reached around in front of her to undo Corin's pants. As Jarek worked to undo the button on Corin's jeans, Fallon reached behind her to rub against the growing bulge in Jarek's pants. After a little work Jarek finally was able to concentrate enough on Corin's pants to get the button undone, and he leaned forward to push them down. As Corin's pants hit the floor Fallon's attention turned back to her. Coring was beginning to pull her shirt off, so Fallon helped it the rest of the way. Fallon stood back to look at Corin's body. Her breasts were more than perky. She was nearly spilling out of her adorable blue lace C cup bra. Both Fallon and Jarek could see her hard nipples. She had on a matching thong, and just above it on her right hip was a little tattoo of the Celtic triquetral knot. Fallon found the tattoo to be a surprise. She would have expected a cross or a dove or a rose, but not that knot. Fallon was brought back to reality by Corin reaching under her little skirt to her own wet thong. 

"Jarek, would you mind if Fallon kept this skirt on? She looks so hot in it; like a dirty little school girl." Jarek barely let her finish what she was saying before answering.

"Are you kidding? Of course she can. She's fucking gorgeous in that skirt!" Fallon was pleased that they both found her attractive. Jarek raised Fallon's shirt up over her head from where he was standing behind her. 

"Corin, I think you should lie down on the bed. Fallon, I have a present for you, even thought it's my birthday," Jarek said. Corin did as she was told. She lay down and began rubbing her cunt through the fabric of her thong. With her free hand she was massaging her breasts and beading her nipples through the lace to keep them hard. Jarek pulled a box out from under the bed and handed it to Fallon.

"Why did you get me something?" Fallon asked him.

"It's not only for you. It will be just as pleasing to me to watch the two of you use this, as it would be to do it to you myself. You're present to me is more letting me watch than anything." This peeked Fallon's interest. She pulled the ribbon of the box and lifted the lid. Inside was a metallic blue (Jarek's favorite color) vibrator that look relatively anatomically correct, that was also a strap on dildo. The belt for it lay underneath the vibrator. Fallon honestly couldn't wait. Jarek knew it was one of Fallon's fantasies to fuck another girl with a strap-on. 

"Is that what I think it is?" Corin asked.

"What do you think it is?" Fallon replied.

"I think it's a great addition to an even better evening."

"So you're game?"

"I'm more than game!"

"I'll just let you girls play for a while," Jarek said and went to the couch to have a seat.

Before putting on her new toy, Fallon crawled onto the bed to make sure Corin was ready. She moved up between her legs and stopped at her waist. Corin still had her bra and panties on. Fallon removed her thong, slowly moving it down her legs and over her feet, then she tossed them teasingly at Jarek on the couch. She moved back to Corin's waist and held her legs spread open, exposing her pink, juicy cunt. Fallon rubbed against the lips of her sex, putting slightly more pressure on her engorged clit. She slid her finger around the lips more and more, sliding slightly more inside with each revolution until finally she was poised to enter Corin. She slid her finger in as far as she could and Corin arched her back. Fallon slowly pulled her finger in and out, applying light pressure to each wall. She slid her finger back in and worked it in a circle. Corin's hips moved with her finger. She could tell she was really enjoying this. Fallon pulled her finger back out, but this time when she went back in, she had changed her position so she could bend her finger up and press on Corin's g-spot. This sent Corin's body into convulsions. Her juices were beginning to fun down Fallon's fingers. Fallon continued to finger her, now with two fingers, until Corin was on the verge of orgasming. Finally, she did, dripping cum down Fallon's fingers. Fallon waited inside her until the pulsing stopped. When she was sure she was done, Fallon pulled her fingers out. Corin, not missing a beat grabbed Fallon's fingers and began to suck her own juice off. During all of this, Jarek had taken his pants off and was not sitting on the couch, slowly working his shaft, not wanting to get too hard too fast and ruining later. 

Fallon knelled over Corin, their wet cunts touching, and she began to make out with her. Corin reached up and unhooked Fallon's bra, letting her breasts hang down over her. When Corin began grinding her hips against Fallon's she knew Corin was ready and she retrieved her new present and put it on. As she was putting it on Jarek moved over to the bed and lay down next to Corin. Corin knelled over him and began sucking on his rock hard cock. Fallon couldn't help but stare at Corin's round as sticking up as she worked on Jarek. Once her strap on was in place Fallon knelled behind Corin and slowly inserted the gently vibrating prick. Corin moaned deeply despite the mouth full of cock. 

Fallon moved slowly at first, trying to get a hang for the movements, it was after all her first time with a dick. Corin really seemed to enjoy it. She pressed her ass against the vibrating dildo and at the same time continued to work on Jarek. Once Fallon felt the rhythm she began pumping harder. She grabbed ahold of Corin's hips and thrust hard against her ass. Jarek had stopped her sucking so he could watch Corin enjoy the fucking she was getting. 

"Fallon, you look so beautiful," Jarek said to her. Fallon smiled and continued fucking.

"God! Yes! Fuck me Fallon!" Corin moaned through a clenched jaw. She was apparently really enjoying this. Fallon grabbed Corin's shoulders for leverage and pumped hard and fast. 

"Oh fuck! Oh God! I'm gonna cum!" Corin cried. Fallon reached around Corin's waist and began playing with her clit as she fucked away. 

"I'm so close, Fallon! Don't stop! Fuck me! Oh Shit! Right there. Fuck me right there. Don't you fucking stop! I'm close!" Fallon didn't want to stop so she just kept going. A few moments later Corin's body began to shiver and she thrust her ass back hard on the dildo. Fallon moved only so slightly as she watched Corin's pussy pulse around the metallic blue cock. When she was done Corin collapsed on the bed next to Jarek. 

"I think you really enjoyed that," Jarek said to Fallon. She didn't say anything, she just smiled from ear to ear, then lay down on his other side. She turned the vibrator off slid the entire device off.

Jarek moved fast. Before she knew it he was between her legs exposing her sex. He flicked his tongue gently across her clit. Fallon was shocked by how great this felt. It wasn't like he was doing anything different now than other times he ate her out. It must just be the evening. Jarek took her entire clit into his mouth and hummed, sending a shot of pleasure up her spine. His tongue wandered around her lips, separating them occasionally to peak inside of her. When she least expected it, Jarek abandoned his soft, sensual exploration and drove his tongue past her lips like a spike. While tongue fucking her he played with her clit, increasing the pleasure. Coring had recovered and was now over Fallon, kissing her. Fallon looked down between kisses to see Jarek watching from between her legs.

"We have an audience," Fallon said to Corin.

"I almost forgot he was here. Would you like a little show?" she asked him.

Corin rose up to her knees and then kneeled over Fallon's face and Fallon could smell the sweet cum from Corin's pussy. Fallon didn't wait a second. She began licking Corin's pussy vigorously only because she herself was on the verge of cumming on Jarek's face. Within a few moments she was inside, tongue fucking her, occasionally sucking on her clit, which was easier now that her back was arched in anticipation of her own release. Finally, it came. Pleasure shot through her body as she seized with the orgasm. Jarek lapped up her juice, enjoying her taste and fragrance. When her pulsing was completed Jarek sat back to enjoy the view. Fallon was so engrossed in eating Corin out that she didn't notice Jarek get up and go to her bathroom. Moments after Fallon's orgasm, Corin came again, dripping jizz down Fallon's chin. Corin collapsed to her slide, both girls panting with pleasure.
