 Ethan sat back on his haunches and watched Vivian through the crackling firelight. Her mane of red hair was thrown back and she laughed richly at the story her friend was telling her. Vivian and Ethan had been married now for almost four years and he was still amazed sometimes that this smart, beautiful, woman had agreed to spend her life with him. Ethan had been skeptical that he would ever find 'true love,' but one date with his future wife had been enough to convince him to abandon his bachelor ways forever.

For Viv's thirtieth birthday this year Ethan had searched for weeks for a special gift when she had unwittingly provided the perfect suggestion; a visit with her best friend from college. It could have been a logistical nightmare getting her friend here from Amsterdam in time for Vivian's birthday, but schedules worked out and flights were available when they needed them. The look on Vivian's face when she opened the door earlier this evening and found her 'gift' standing there was priceless.

Ethan had put steaks on the grill and cracked open a bottle of wine while the old friends caught up on each other's lives, filling in the blanks that e-mails and the odd phone call could not. The last time they had seen each other was at the wedding and they had not really had more than a few minutes together at the reception. Ethan had watched their interaction this evening with great interest, curious about the person who had been such an integral part of his wife's life throughout college.

After dinner they had decided to take their drinks and venture down to the beach for an impromptu bon fire. It was late September and the beach was devoid of the usual tourist crowd. A slight nip in the night air made it a perfect evening for sitting out under the velvety canopy of stars, relaxing and getting reacquainted.

"Wait a sec. Let me get this straight." Vivian waved her nearly empty wine glass in a broad slash in front of her. "She said YOU don't have a sense of humor?" Her mouth was agape in a slightly inebriated sense of amazement.

"Apparently so." Willem took a drag from his cigarette and stretched his long legs out in front of him. "Some friend you are for not telling me this years ago."

Vivian reached out for his cigarette, glancing over at Ethan apologetically. "You don't mind, do you?" She asked before taking a quick puff and turning her attention back to the dark-haired man seated next to her. "I tried to tell you, but it seemed so cruel."

Willem chuckled and knocked back the rest of his beer before reclining next to her on the log that they were using as a make shift couch. "Of course, if I listened as well as you did…"

"Oh, shut up!" Crossing her arms over her ample chest, Vivian scowled at him.

Ethan retrieved two more beers from the cooler and Vivian's bottle of wine and rejoined them on the blanket. "What did she do?" He asked, holding a beer out to Willem. 

Admittedly, Ethan had been more than a little curious about the 'other man' in his wife's life. He was secure enough in their relationship not to feel threatened by their friendship, but watching them interact now made him wonder if they had always been just friends. They were both very demonstrative, touching and hugging often. But there was a sexual undercurrent between them that was almost tangible. Maybe it was only because he knew Vivian in that manner that he recognized the signs.

"Thanks." Willem took the new bottle from Ethan and easily twisted it open. "I probably shouldn't tell tales but—" 

"Whatever it is he's making it up, so don't listen to him." Vivian interrupted, holding her glass out for a refill.

Ethan poured the remainder of the ruby liquid into her wineglass but held it just out of her reach. "Now, are we going to let our guest tell his story, Sweetheart?" He asked teasingly.

Vivian pouted prettily, her full lips pursing invitingly. "I should've known you two would get together and gang up on me." 

"We're actually waiting for you to go to sleep so we can really talk about you." Willem assured her, lighting a new cigarette since Vivian appeared to have commandeered his first one.

Ethan relinquished the glass and sat down on her other side, dropping a kiss on her cheek. "It's only because we love you." 

Willem mimicked Ethan's move and kissed her on the other cheek. "Imagine what we'd say about you if we didn't."

She took a large sip from her wineglass and sighed dramatically. "Fine. Go ahead. Tell him your 'stories.' See if I care." 

"It was our last year of college and Vivian decided she wanted one last fling." He started into his tale with obvious relish. 

"You make me sound like some kind of wanton slut." She protested, irately taking another puff from the cigarette she had commandeered. 

Willem gave her a quick wink before continuing with his recounting of the events. "So she plotted a whole, elaborate seduction scene for a freshman she was tutoring in Chemistry. He was the good looking, all brawn and no brains athlete type." He paused thoughtfully. "What was his name anyway?"

"Patrick." Vivian answered crossly. "As if you didn't remember."

"Oh, yes….Passionate Patrick." Willem chuckled sardonically. "Destined to go down in the annals of the great lovers of history."

"Okay, so he wasn't a firecracker between the sheets." She defended, throwing her auburn hair over her shoulder defiantly. "With a little training he could have become a first class stud."

"If memory serves me correctly," Willem draped his arm over her shoulder. "You referred to Patrick as the reason women become lesbians."

Ethan couldn't help but laugh at the mental image of his sexual dynamo of a wife with a sloppy amateur. "Well, I certainly am glad that you were willing to give the male race another chance."

Willem gestured at Ethan. "And I'm glad your taste in men dramatically improved after college." 

"Oh, and you used to pick so many winners yourself?" Vivian shot back, turning to face him. "Shall I list off a few of your more glaring errors in judgment?"

"I've told you before, I think my length scared them off." Willem told her solemnly.

Vivian threw back her head and laughed warmly. "Oh my God, I forgot how NOT modest you are." 

Willem shrugged. "Why should I be modest if it's not true?"

"Talk about legendary lovers…" She teased, rolling her eyes expressively.

Ethan took another drink of his beer, deciding to jump on the opportunity to ask the question that had been in the back of his mind all evening. "So, haven't you two ever…?" 

Vivian cocked her head to the side and looked at her husband uncertainly. "You mean together?" 

"Although separately would probably make a more interesting story." Willem said dryly, taking another drink of his beer. 

"Well, you're so close it is a logical question." Ethan explained with a shrug. "You must have wanted to at some point."

"No. Of course not." Vivian replied quickly.

"Sure. Of course." Willem replied at the same time.

Vivian spun in the sand to face him. "You did?"

He looked a little uncomfortable and focused his attention on the waves lapping up on the beach just beyond them. "Vivian, you're a very attractive woman. I'd have to be dead not to notice you."

Now it was her turn to look uncomfortable. "Why didn't you ever say anything?"

"Because you never seemed interested in being more than friends." Willem explained without regret.

Ethan homed in on what Vivian hadn't said. "Would you have been more inclined if you had known he was interested?"

"It doesn't really matter now, does it?" Vivian asked, standing up unsteadily. "And it's entirely too late to play 'The Hypothetical Game' tonight. Willem's probably exhausted after flying all day."

"Actually I'm fine. I slept on the plane." Willem sat back and watched her expectantly. "Play away."

"You're no help at all." She muttered, making a face at him. 

Ethan said nothing, watching her closely. He was as intrigued by her lack of answer as well as Willem's affirmative one. There was no way Ethan could have reined in his desire for Vivian as long as her friend had. He had been barely able to make it through their first date without touching her.

"I don't know how I'm supposed to do this." Vivian sullenly toed at an empty beer bottle on the ground in front of her. "I feel like I'm being disloyal to you if I say 'Yes,'" She motioned to Ethan plaintively before switching her attention to Willem. "Saying 'Yes' to you could complicate our relationship more, but saying 'No' might hurt your feelings." 

Ethan shook his head. He would never understand the way a woman's mind worked sometimes. "But Viv, how can it be disloyal to have wanted someone else before we ever met?"

Willem looked as perplexed as Ethan felt. "And why is our relationship complicated? Because I said I find you desirable?"

"Find?" Vivian's eyes were as wide as saucers. "Not did find? But still find?"

Ethan shook his head and chuckled. "Viv, you're making entirely too much out of this."

"Standard avoidance technique." Willem observed with confident look.

Ethan nodded in agreement. Vivian was definitely squirming on the hook. "Just a simple 'Yes' or 'No' will suffice."

Vivian sighed, looking like she was about to give up national secrets. "Okay, fine. Yes, already."

There was silence for several tense moments until Willem asked, "Did or still?" Both he and Ethan burst into laughter at the look of total chagrin on her face.

"And to think an hour ago I was thinking how lucky I was to be spending the evening with my two favorite men." She leaned over and kissed each of them on the cheek. "And I love you both…but right now I don't want to have sex with either one of you." Vivian stood up and walked away, leaving the men to stare at the soft sway of her delicious ass as she headed up to the house.

Ethan shook his head and started collecting bottles and dropping them into the now empty cooler. "She always has to have the last word." He remarked, chuckling dryly.

"Oh, yes. She always did." Willem agreed, standing up and shaking out the blanket they had been sitting on. 

"I hope that discussion wasn't too awkward for you." Ethan apologized, heading down to where the waves lapped up on the shore. "I was just curious."

"It's understandable." Willem joined him at the water's edge, watching the moonlight dance on the gentle waves. "I might have the same question for my wife if her good friend was a man."

"Our relationship is very open." Ethan explained, staring for another moment before bending to fill a bucket with water to extinguish the fire. "So I was a little surprised she was so evasive about answering."

"As an unspoken rule it was a topic we always avoided." Willem flashed a guilty smile, following his host back up to where the fire still burned. "Although I did enjoy teasing her about it from time to time."

Ethan chuckled and poured the water over the flames, dousing the small bonfire and effectively ending the evening. "I have a feeling this is going to be a very interesting week."

*****

Ethan was expecting to be pounced on as soon as he entered the bedroom and Vivian didn't let him down. "What the fuck was that all about?" She hissed, the bed pillow that she threw at him narrowly missing the lamp by the door.

"It was only a question Viv." He assured her, picking up the pillow and tossing it in the opposite corner and out of her reach. 

"I thought you were okay about our friendship." She said, crawling across the bed for another pillow but Ethan quickly removed it from her reach.

"I am." Ethan gathered the rest of the small objects and removed them from her reach. 

"Then why the third degree about us having sex?" Vivian asked, eyeing him warily when he sat down on the bed next to her. 

"Why did you try so hard to avoid answering the question?" 

"You know, this is so unfair of you. I wouldn't ask that question of you and Liz." Vivian countered, mentioning his long time friendship with the girl next door.

"But I don't have a problem telling you that Liz and I have had sex." Ethan said, trying to explain why her reaction had him so mystified.

Vivian's mouth hung open almost comically. "You and Liz?" 

"Yes." He nodded his head, not understanding why it was an issue. "But the point is—" 

"You had sex with Liz once and you never told me?" She sputtered in disbelief. 

"Well, a few times actually."

"A few—" 

"We kind of experimented with each other." He quickly cut her off, realizing this conversation was going no where fast. "I thought for sure you and Willem had as well. There is so much sexual tension between you two you it seemed only logical."

"There is not." 

With raised eyebrows Ethan nodded and the slight coloring in Vivian's cheeks confirmed his claim. But how to say what he was about to say? "What if I told you that it would be alright with me?"

Vivian's eyes widened in surprise. "You want me to have sex with Willem?"

Subtleties were lost on the slightly intoxicated. "What is the one sexual fantasy we have not yet been able to accomplish?"

She giggled and gave him a sexy wink. "Well, the peanut butter thing didn't go as well as it could have…" 

Ethan sighed. "Besides that."

Vivian leaned back against the headboard, considering his question. "A threesome?" She squeaked, clapping her hands over her mouth in shock. "Are you out of your mind?!"

"Probably." Ethan put a knee on either side of hers and leaned forward into her, pressing her back into the bed. "But I think it would be incredibly hot watching him fuck you while you suck me off."

Almost imperceptivity, Vivian rubbed up against him. "But, with Willem?"

"Why not?" Ethan ground his growing erection between the apex of her thighs. "In fact, it makes perfect sense. You know him, know that we can trust him to be healthy and safe. You want him and know that he still wants you as well. It couldn't get much better than this."

"Besides that it's insane?" Her hand tangled it into his light brown hair. "He may not want to be part of your little threesome."

"We'll never know until you ask." Ethan pulled her earlobe between his teeth and sucked it gently.

"ME? Why me?" Vivian protested, trying to sound outraged even though his tongue was now doing distracting things to her neck. "It's your idea."

"Well, I'm guessing it'd make him nervous if I asked him to have sex with us." Ethan's hand slid between her thighs and unerringly between her moist folds to her hard little nub. Viv might say that she didn't like the idea, but her swollen clit told a different story.

Vivian giggled breathlessly, her hand tugging at his belt buckle. "Say there big boy, how about a little threesome action?" 

Ethan's mouth moved down the length of her neck, feasting on the creamy white flesh where it met her shoulder. "Imagine how incredible it would feel to have his cock deep inside of you," He slid two fingers into her wet slit and felt her tighten around him. "And my cock in your ass." He eased out slowly before rushing back in a bit deeper. 

"Honey, I don't want—"

"Yes you do want, Viv. And that what's pissing you off." With his free hand he slowly circled her taut nipple. "But I'm telling you it's alright to want him. Encouraging it, in fact. If there was anything more between you two you would have found it a long time ago." 

She moved against his hand and moaned low in her throat. "You know, we really shouldn't do this." Vivian had managed to open his pants and was now wrapping her hand around his hard-on. "We do have a house guest."

"We could invite the house guest to join us." He whispered his breath urgent against her cheek. "You could have two hard cocks pumping into you, filling you with hot, thick cum." His thumb brushed over her clit and she arched up off the bed, turning her head into the pillow next to her to muffle her moans. "Think about how two men could make your body sing." He added before claiming the distended nipple with his mouth.

"I won't do it, Ethan. It'll only complicate things." Her fingers tightened around his stiff rod and eagerly slid up and down his length. 

"Only if you let it." His mouth covered hers as he moved over her and, still half dressed, slid his straining rod deep into her juicy cunt in one swift thrust. "Damn Viv, I can't think of anything hotter than watching Willem fuck you." He emphasized what he was saying with another deep stroke. "Watching him make you moan, make you cum." 

Ethan knew she was just as turned on by the idea when she wrapped her legs around him and pulled him closer, lifting up to meet each thrust. "And you want it too, don't you Baby? You want to know how his cock feels in your hot little cunt, don't you?" Vivian shook her head, refusing to answer him, before pulling his mouth roughly to hers and kissing him hungrily. 

"Tell me." He urged, his mouth moving along her jaw to pull her earlobe between his teeth. "Tell me what you want." She closed her eyes and turned her head into the pillow, but Ethan would not be deterred. He nibbled a path down her neck to the spot he knew made her wild. "Tell me, Viv. Tell me how you want him to fuck you."

"I don't—" Ethan nipped at her shoulder punishingly and she whimpered in surrender. "Oh God, YES! Yes, already. Yes, I want him to suck my cunt. I want to feel his tongue fucking my pussy." Vivian's muscles started to contract around Ethan's cock, pulling him deeper into her. "And I want him to fuck me. I want to feel him pounding into me, filling me completely."

Ethan was thrusting rapidly into her now. "After tonight the next cock in your cunt will be his. The next time you cum Baby it's going to be on Willem cock, not mine. You're going to cum for him and feel him cumming deep inside of you."

"Oh, fuck yes!" Vivian pushed her hips high off the bed, her fingers clutching at the striped bed sheets beneath her. "Oh, Yes…but first I'm going to cum for you right now!" Her mouth formed a silent 'O' and her pussy spasmed around his cock, dragging him with her over the edge. Ethan felt himself exploding inside of her, undeniably aroused that another man would soon know the grip of her orgasm, the taste of her sweet juices.

Chapter 2

Vivian stared out the glass doors at the waves lapping up on the beach. When Ethan had found this beach house three years ago it had been in desperate need of repair and selling for a fraction of its true value. They had quickly jumped on the opportunity and had spent a good majority of the spare time and money making it their dream home. 

She took another sip from the steaming mug of coffee, considering the bizarre unraveling of events last night. What a wonderful surprise finding Willem on the doorstep last night. The e-mails and infrequent phone calls were a weak substitute for the company of one of her dearest friends. They had met in registration the first week of college and had been fast friends from that point on, but Vivian had never really given too much conscious thought to being intimate with Willem. Maybe a few sub-conscious thoughts, especially after a few too many drinks, but never consciously had she considered what he would be like as a lover. 'Alright, maybe once or twice.' She thought with a mischievous smile.

"Good morning." Willem said groggily from the doorway.

She watched him rub the sleep from his eyes and smiled fondly. He never had been much of a morning person. "There's a pot of that sludge you call coffee in the carafe on the counter." She motioned her head vaguely to the side. "Cups are in the cupboard above."

He shuffled over and dropped a kiss on her cheek before moving zombie-like to the life giving coffee. "Where's Ethan this morning?" Willem asked only after he had poured himself a cup and taken a long, health drink of it. 
