 (This is the sequel to a story I posted years ago under another name, Jon T. Part one can be found in the "Favorites" section of my profile.

I don't know how long we were asleep, but I woke in spoon position, arms wrapped around Jen, my face up against her neck. Andy was on the other side of her, asleep against her chest. Jen's skin smelled delicious, a combination of the perfume she'd been wearing and the natural scents that take over from arousal. I wanted to just start kissing her neck and back but worried that the "moment" had passed now and when they woke up their would be nothing but regret and awkwardness.

Oddly enough for me, I felt none of it and in that moment it hit me just how much I still wanted to do with them; not just with Jen, that was not surprising, but also with Andy. Through her coaxing, she had awakened something in me that I really had never considered. I thought back of all the times Andy and I had stayed over each others houses in high school and all that we could have done. All those missed opportunities. These thoughts caused me to harden again and I realized quickly that it was Jen's bottom I was hardening against. I got scared and shifted backwards a bit to break the contact, but then to my very pleasant surprise, I heard a soft moan from her as she was waking up, and she arched her bottom back into me.

At the sound of her moan, Andy's eyes opened and in them I didn't see regret at all, but still arousal, and he burrowed his face against her throat and began to kiss her. I wasted not a second and softly attacked her neck and upper back with my kisses. Soon the three of us were once again grinding in unison and deep kissing each other; Jen and Andy, Andy and me, Jen and me. She rolled onto her back and the two of us were on our sides, grinding against her, rubbing her breasts, stomach and pussy while our mouths explored together. It was not long before she came again with Andy's two fingers inside her with me rubbing her clitoris and both of us sucking a nipple. She sounded and looked so goddamned beautiful when she came. Exquisite.

After her body relaxed again she sat up and took us by the hand. "Stand up. I have to use the bathroom. Then I've got more for you two." She led us into the bedroom and pushed me up against the wall next to the bathroom door. "I'm going to be two minutes. Andy get down on your knees and suck Jon until I call for you." Andy looked at me with not the slightest bit of hesitation, smiled, and then dropped to his knees. My semi erect cock was enveloped in his warm, wet mouth and hardening to its fullest potential in no time. With that the bathroom door closed and she was gone.

He was very good at this. His tongue seemed to wrap around my shaft while i was deep in his mouth. He moaned against my cock, causing little vibrations which drove me hard against the wall for support. I was only vaguely aware that behind the wall I heard the shower start to run. I heard her voice calling Andy. He got up and opened the door, and I followed. Jen was in the shower, behind the curtain. "If either of you need to pee, do it now," she said. I was still fully erect so it wasn't happening for me right then. Andy did need to go, so Jen called me into the shower ahead of him.

The water was nice and hot and she looked positively amazing wet. Her hair was saturated and the water pouring over her breasts and running down her stomach and into her pubic hair caused my cock to pulse. She looked down at my arousal and smiled a big sexy dirty grin. "Did my husband make your cock hard like that? His oral talents must be versatile." She pulled me into her, pressing her against the wall, as I deep kissed her, our tongues probing together.

The curtain opened and Andy stepped in. I was immediately concerned that I'd crossed some line with his wife, but he showed no indication of annoyance. "This is going to be a tight fit," he said. He stepped in and she pulled him close to us. He was now pressing into my body from behind, pushing me closer into his wife. I could feel Andy's still flaccid cock pressing against my bottom now. I fucking loved the sensation. "Andy, grind into him. Get that cock hard." She found my mouth again and drove her tongue into it.

Andy obeyed his wife. He wrapped his hands around my chest and his hips pushed against my ass and I could feel his cock swelling as it slipped between my cheeks. I moaned into Jen's mouth and my own cock rubbed against her bush. Within moments he was fully hard again and his length slid along the crack of my ass. Felt so amazing it set my body on fire and I pushed harder into her. Her kisses became more desperately turned on as we moaned together. Next I felt Andy's mouth sucking my neck from behind. Pure. Fucking. Passion. I couldn't get enough.

Jen broke free of the kiss and came up with a bottle of body wash in her hand. She took Andy's hands off my chest and over turned the bottle, pouring a generous amount into them. "Wash Jon's back....all of it." She then poured the bottle all over her breasts, replaced it on the shelf and pulled me into her, using the friction of our bodies together to wash our fronts.

Andy rubbed the body wash all over my shoulders, back, and down to my ass. He lathered up my skin and then his hands worked downward and I felt his amazing fingers lathering between my cheeks and against my asshole. A sound emanated from my mouth from some place deep; the feeling almost caused my knees to give. There's really no better feeling than having someone else play with you there. Jen backed up a bit, letting the water run over our bodies and wash the soap away. As if on cue, Andy did the same thing behind me. I caught her look at him over my shoulder, a connection made with their eyes, though I couldn't see his. She smiled and nodded, and then she leaned in to kiss my chest at the same moment I felt him kissing my back. Jesus God their actions were mirroring each others as they kissed there way all over each side of my body and in unison lowered themselves to their knees.

Oh my God! I felt him first; his mouth was all over my bottom, kissing my cheeks everywhere. Then I felt him kissing down the crack of my ass and I shifted my legs open to give him access to my most intimate of places. His lips met my hole at the same moment I felt Jen's mouth engulf my cock and I became dizzy and actually felt my eyes roll upward in the most intense moment of pleasure I've ever experienced. I held onto the wall for support as it felt like every muscle in my body simply collapsed at once. Andy's tongue probed my hole, rimming me for all it was worth. Jen sucked me like a girl who had been starving for weeks. My body was in spasms in no time and the sounds coming from my mouth barely sounded human. The feelings were so intense I knew I wouldn't last very long...in fact I wondered if I'd even survive an orgasm as violent as the one I was about to have. It seemed like there was one brain connecting their two bodies because everything they did seemed to be some perfectly choreographed dance of their mouths. When they both moaned together, she against my cock and he into my asshole, I cried out that I was cumming. I fell into the wall as the dam burst and my semen shot, blast after blast into Jen's mouth. Her eyes widened at the amount but she clasped her mouth tight against me and I felt her swallowing. My orgasm tensed me up in the back and I could feel my anal opening pulse against Andy's tongue. 

Jen's mouth broke free as did Andy's and my body sank slowly to the shower floor. Up to that point, I'd never cum harder than that. I kissed her hard on the mouth, tasting the remnants of my seed. "You're incredible...both of you." My breathing came in short little blasts.

"Now suck Andy, Jon. Suck him so incredibly that he cums all over your face. I want to see your gorgeous face with my beautiful husband's cum all over it." She reached up and turned off the shower and then took Andy's hand and pulled him up to a standing position. His sexy cock was inches away from my face. I took him in my hand, stroking him gently and kissed all over his balls and inner thigh and up to his trimmed patch of hair. I pushed my lips into his hair and rubbed against his pubic bone beneath sending spasms of pleasure through him. His knees shifted to keep himself grounded. I let the saliva drool out of my mouth and all over his cock, warm and wet and then I took him deep inside me. My hands worked in unison with my mouth and my tongue circled in rhythm. My other hand played with his smooth sac and my finger worked gently backward. It was already wet from my saliva and i used the pad of my finger to tease his tight little hole. He was moaning now, and he was fucking my mouth with every bit of energy he had left. Jen was behind us, up on her knees, rubbing my back and neck with one hand, as if guiding me, and aggressively rubbing her pussy with the other hand. We were all moaning now, beautiful sounds of hot sex.

"Dont forget," she said breathlessly, close to cumming, "On your face."

With that I sucked and stroked and licked like the pro that I was becoming. Andy was writhing his body in the rhythm of his approaching orgasm. "Oh God...Nowwww," he yelled and pulled out of my mouth. My hand jerked his cock hard as wave after wave after wave of his hot cum hit me in the mouth and cheeks and forehead. I was fucking covered in his pleasure and I loved every drop. Jen was screaming behind us, the shower echoing her orgasm loudly. I felt her body quake against my back. I pulled Andy down before he could think again and kissed him hard on the mouth, rubbing his face in it. When Jen's body stopped quaking she joined us in a three way kiss. "Jesus, we are all so fucking hot together."

I had never heard truer words spoken. I fucking loved my friends.