 It had been a few months since that night that Sandy and Mary Rose had picked my brain and pleasured my body in their common quests to become more skilled in the sexual arena. I won't say I walked away that night without increased knowledge myself; it would have been a wasted opportunity not to learn as much as I could about pleasing the fairer sex. During those ensuing months, I'd spent some one-on-one time with each of them as we refined our techniques, but we hadn't had another group encounter. I wasn't disappointed because I fully expected that it was just a matter of time.

When Sandy suggested that I swing by her house one Friday night because her parents were out of town, it didn't even cross my mind that Mary Rose might be there, too. She'd told me to park in the driveway, so I saw right away that she was in the pool with someone else and, before I was even out of the car, I realized that it was Mary Rose. I had a big smile on my face as I entered the pool area and sat down on the concrete edge, dangling my feet in the water. They both swam over and threatened to pull me in as my eyes goggled at Sandy's luscious breasts in a revealing bikini top. Mary Rose was wearing a one-piece but I could see her hard nipples pressing out against the fabric. I begged them to hold up long enough to get my wallet and cell phone out and tossed aside. As soon as my pockets were empty and I'd shed my t-shirt, they yanked me in.

While I was underwater, I went ahead and just took my shorts completely off, leaving me in my tighty-whiteys. When I broke the surface and casually lay out my shorts on the edge of the pool to dry, I immediately felt hands on the front of my briefs. There was no chance that I'd be suffering from shrinkage during this swim as both Sandy and Mary Rose were groping my cock and my ass. I turned to face them and had time only to kiss each of them once before I felt my briefs sliding away and one hand stroking my rigid cock while another cupped my balls. I backed up against the side of the pool, then lifted myself up to sit on the edge, my cock aiming at the sky. Sandy lowered her mouth over it first, bobbing her head up and down a few times before allowing Mary Rose a turn. The contrast of their hot mouths on my cock compared to the coolness of the rest of my wet body was incredibly arousing. It was clear in their techniques that they had taken our lessons together to heart; they were both outstanding cocksuckers.

I leaned back on my elbows and watched as they alternated sliding their hot mouths up and down my shaft while Sandy continued to pump the base and Mary Rose gently fondled my balls. Occasionally, one of them would run her tongue over my balls, causing me to moan softly, or they would both run their tongues up either side of my shaft, coming about as close to kissing as possible without actually doing it. The night was very young, so I didn't feel the need to hold out or hold off on cumming in order to do something else first; I just sat there enjoying their alternating mouths to the fullest as my orgasm continued to build. It was Mary Rose who enjoyed the first blast of cum from my tool, but she was generous and quickly passed me off to Sandy, who milked out the last few shots before letting my shrinking member fall from her mouth.

I told them that they were both incredibly talented and asked who I would get to go down on first. Sandy's reply was that it was her house and her pool, so she was going to have to play that card. Mary Rose wasn't too disappointed because she knew she'd have her opportunity soon after. I hopped back into the pool and reached behind Sandy to unfasten the top of her bikini. I peeled it away from her sumptuous breasts, revealing not only her tanlines, but her large areolas as well. I lowered my head to lick and suck her nipples as I also started sliding her bikini bottoms over her ass and down her thighs. I paused long enough to boost her onto the edge of the pool, smiling widely again as I saw how she'd trimmed her bush for that bikini, then continued working the bottom over her legs and off. Tossing it aside, I lowered my head between her thighs as she spread them apart.

As I leaned in, I took in the lighter shade of the skin around her pussy and narrow, trim strip of brown fur just above it before my tongue was running up her juicy slit. Initially, the taste was of chlorine from the pool, but her musky flavor soon came through as I lapped up her secretions before focusing my tongue on her clit. I felt Mary Rose behind me, running her hands all over my naked body under the water while I slipped a finger into Sandy's snug pussy and she moaned softly. I looked up as I licked and sucked Sandy's clit, over the curvy landscape of her body, her tan belly and the white mounds of her breasts, feeling my cock already trying to revive. Mary Rose's actions weren't hurting either, especially when she ducked under the water and wrapped her mouth around my tool for a few seconds before coming up again, gasping for air.

The longer I licked and sucked Sandy's clit, the more she was writhing around and moaning softly. I could feel her pussy becoming more engorged while I lapped up the juices that were flowing around my pumping finger; there was no question that she was building to an imminent climax. Her eyes were closed and her lips pursed as her breath came in short gasps, which were becoming shorter and closer together. When she grabbed my head in both of her hands, I knew she was right on the brink and just focused my efforts on pushing her over. I felt a fresh flood of lubrication around my finger at about the same time she started to tremble and I knew from experience that her orgasm was washing over her.

Her moans were a bit louder as she came, though not loud enough to attract the attention of any neighbors. Mary Rose was still nearby, fondling my cock and balls, so that when I raised my head from between Sandy's thighs, she pulled me toward her and immediately kissed me, tasting Sandy on my lips. I felt a little bit more blood surge to my growing cock as I contemplated whether there was anything going on between the two of them. Sandy gradually sat up and slid back into the pool while Mary Rose and I made out and I started working the top of her swimsuit off of her shoulders. Sandy was soon behind Mary Rose, helping me work her swimsuit off and, when her hard nipples came into view, I lowered my head to lick and suck them. Once her swimsuit was just below her ass, I lifted her up onto the edge of the pool, just as I had Sandy. When I discarded her swimsuit, I discovered that her black bush was also trimmed to a narrow strip above her pussy while her lips were shaved smooth. I felt even more blood flowing to my cock, and not just because Sandy was stroking it in her fist.

I lowered my head and licked up her slit and up the smooth skin on either side of it, again tasting chlorine first before her pungency of her nectar took over. Because a few months had passed since the last time I'd tasted the two of them so close together, I had forgotten how much their respective flavors differed. Mary Rose, having had more time to get worked up while I concentrated on Sandy, was overflowing with juices and practically cried out when my tongue finally focused on her clit. I slipped a finger into her juicy pussy and slowly pumped it while licking and sucking her clit. While I devoured her pussy, Sandy did much as Mary Rose had been doing previously, running her hands over my chest and ass while encouraging the further growth of my tool.

Based on her reactions, I wasn't expecting it to take very long for Mary Rose to cum so I was enjoying the opportunity to eat her while I had it. She was running her fingers through my hair, which had dried considerably, and humping her pussy toward my face when Sandy asked if I had a condom. When I raised my head to tell her that there was one in my wallet, Mary Rose raised her head and opened her eyes to see why I had stopped licking her. Sandy reassured her that we were just doing a quick reposition and had Mary Rose get up and move around to the steps while I got the condom from my wallet. Sandy led me to the steps and had me step up until my rigid cock was above the water level. She took the condom and rolled it down my tool, then had me sit on the second step down and lean back. She directed Mary Rose to straddle my face and I watched her trim black bush as it approached while I felt Sandy holding my latex-encased cock.

I took an ass cheek in each hand as I started licking Mary Rose's pussy again while Sandy positioned herself over my cock and lowered herself onto it. Sandy and I both moaned as she sat on my lap, my tool fully embedded in her snug, hot pussy. As she began to slowly ride me, I slipped a finger into Mary Rose and went back to licking and sucking her clit. I was relishing the pungent taste of Mary Rose's pussy as well as the grip of Sandy's pussy as it slid up and down my cock. It didn't take long before Mary Rose was right on the brink of cumming again. She was supporting herself with one hand on the edge of the pool while the other held my head tightly against her pussy as she humped it against my face.

Sandy's slow movements were causing small waves to lap against me and the edges of the pool nearby. Above me, I could hear Mary Rose whimpering and gasping as she approached an orgasm. Her pussy was flooded with fluid around my finger, a sure sign that she was right on the verge of cumming. Just moments later, I could feel the tremors as she let out a low, guttural sound, her orgasm overtaking her. I only stopped licking her pussy when she straightened up, moving it too far away from me. She sat on the edge of the pool beside me as she caught her breath, the color high in her face. Meanwhile, Sandy was sitting on my lap, riding my cock with her back to me. I pulled her back toward me and cupped her luscious breasts, running my thumbs lightly over her hard nipples.

While enjoying Sandy's pussy, I was contemplating whether Sandy and Mary Rose had ever experimented together when it occurred to me that Sandy's best friend through high school, Therese, had ended up batting for the other team after we'd all graduated from college. I whispered a question into Sandy's ear as to whether she and Therese had ever experimented together as I slid a hand down over her abdomen to lightly stroke her clit. She softly moaned an affirmative so I followed up by asking about Mary Rose but Sandy's response to that was a negative. My stimulation of her clit seemed to be bringing her second orgasm on a bit quicker as I felt her pussy getting unbelievable wetter and hotter. I wondered if maybe I had also started her thinking about eating Mary Rose's pussy or reminiscing about eating Therese's. Either way, she began to shudder as she came again, pausing with my cock fully embedded into her.

Once she'd ridden out her orgasm, I thought Sandy might start riding me again, but instead she stood up, my cock slipping out of her. She turned to Mary Rose, who appeared to be fully recovered by then, and let her know that it was her turn. I'd stood myself right after Sandy, so I turned Mary Rose around and started rubbing my throbbing cock between her thighs just below her ass as she leaned forward. With her standing on the step above me, I was able to easily guide my cock into her incredibly slick, snug pussy, sliding in completely as I grasped her by the hips. While I was starting to slowly slide my cock in and out of her, I felt a nudge from below as Sandy was working her way between my legs. Once she'd settled on a step below us, I felt her tongue caress my balls then trail along my shaft a few times as I slid out of Mary Rose before I presumed by the gasp of pleasure from Mary Rose that Sandy put it to work on Mary Rose's clit.

So as darkness was falling on us and the lights below the surface of the pool started to illuminate us, I held Mary Rose by the hips and slid my cock in and out of her, my hips tapping against her taut ass. I don't know if Sandy was getting any stimulation, which seemed like a crime, but she certainly was providing it to Mary Rose, who seemed to be having trouble controlling the volume of her response. As her pussy continued to become even more engorged around my pumping tool, she was pushing back harder against me so that I was embedded as deeply into her as possible with each thrust. The sloshing sounds from her juicy pussy were about as loud as the sloshing of the waves against the sides of the pool as she approached her second orgasm of the night. When she slammed herself back against my thrusting tool and let out another of her low, guttural noises, it was clear that she was cumming again.

Once she felt satiated, Mary Rose moved away from me, my cock popping free, then straightened up and stretched. I felt Sandy move out from under me and so I guided her to the edge of the pool where she sat as I guided my cock into her once again. She lay back as I raised her legs and propped them against my shoulders while sliding my cock in and out of her snug pussy. Mary Rose must have appreciated Sandy's attention because it wasn't long after Sandy had lay back that Mary Rose was kneeling over her head. My cock throbbed as this time I was able to witness Sandy's tongue lapping at the smooth skin around Mary Rose's pussy. Since she was facing me, I reached out to stimulate Mary Rose's nipples while fucking Sandy and Mary Rose soon reached down to fondle Sandy's big tits.

I didn't think I could possibly be any more aroused as I watched Sandy's tongue work on Mary Rose's pussy and Mary Rose's hands on Sandy's tits; my cock was a steel rod sliding in and out of Sandy's sweet pussy. I reached out and took one of Mary Rose's hands from Sandy's tit and guided it to Sandy's pussy where she put her fingertips to work stimulating Sandy's clit. I reached around to fondle Sandy's free tit myself, knowing that I was just moments away from finally cumming. I was pumping my cock harder and faster, my orgasm continuing to build to an intense level. Now I was the one breathing hard and, if I hadn't been standing in a swimming pool with the stars twinkling overhead, I'd probably have been sweating profusely as well.

Finally, with an explosion of relief and a rush of pleasure like I had not experienced in a long time, I started spewing into the reservoir tip of the condom I was wearing, my cock spasming within the depths of Sandy's pussy. I continued thrusting until I was completely spent, then slowly pulled out and slipped off the condom, dropping it onto the ground beside the pool as I sat on the edge to catch my breath. As soon as I had moved, Mary Rose's head dropped down and she began licking Sandy's pussy in a glorious sixty-nine while I could do nothing more than smile and watch. Mary Rose raised her head briefly when Sandy finally brought her to an orgasm, then lowered her head again to return the favor. Once they'd both cum, Mary Rose moved off of Sandy and came to sit on the edge of the pool. Sandy got up and walked over to the side door of the garage, went inside and returned with three cold beers.

We sat on the edge of the pool talking for a while as we drank our beers then did a little bit more skinny dipping before Mary Rose announced that she needed to leave. I was a little bit disappointed, thinking there might be some more three-way action, but I wasn't surprised because, like Sandy and me, she still lived with her parents. Unlike Sandy and me, however, Mary Rose's dad still kept a tight rein, which I assumed was also why she was covering her tight body with a one-piece bathing suit. As we watched Mary Rose getting dressed, Sandy asked if I was planning to stick around and I assured her I was. Once Mary Rose had driven out of the driveway, we collected our stuff, tossed the empty beer bottles into the recycling and buried the condom deep in the trash can, then headed toward the house. Sandy put all of our wet things into the dryer, then led the way up the stairs to her bedroom. I followed with my eyes locked on the bright white of her ass surrounded by the tan skin of her legs and lower back, my cock already nearly fully erect.