 Several weeks went by without either of us touching on the subject of Mark and Jill's party – and the fact that we had swapped partners for the night once everyone else had left. Odd though it might seem, neither of us felt inclined to sit down and discuss how we it had all come about, beyond briefly fantasising the next day as to where it might lead. I guess we both just needed time to properly digest and get used to the idea that we had been unfaithful – albeit with the full knowledge and approval of each other. As such, our life together pretty much carried on as before – we went to work, we came home, we ate and drank, we did chores and we fucked two or three times a week.

During that time, we had little or no contact with Mark and Jill. I came to the conclusion that they were either going through the same period of adjustment as we were, or they had decided it was something that had happened in the heat of the moment, which they didn't want to do again. If they were regretting it all, then I could understand if they were avoiding us. Bumping into them in the pub was bound to happen though and, when it did, we greeted each other in much the same way as we always did and the girls found us a table while Mark and I headed for the bar to buy some drinks.

'How're things?' I asked him, as casually as possible.

'Good. Good. Great in fact. You?'

'Never better.' I took a deep breath, deciding now was as good a time as any to clear the air and made the first move. 'That was some party we had last month.'

'Wasn't it?' he said, giving me a sudden grin. 'I tell you, it took us a couple of days to get our heads around what we actually did and then we couldn't stop talking about it. I'll tell you something else, too – we've had some pretty raunchy sex since then. Man!'

He shook his head at the memories.

'Shit! Us too!' I laughed. 'The thing is, we weren't sure what you two would think about it all in the cold light of day, so to speak, so we kind of kept our heads down.'

'Same for us,' he said, laughing with me.

'No regrets then?'

'Hell no! You?'

'None whatsoever. We've even considered trying it again.'

'With us?' he asked hopefully.

'Definitely! Would you guys be interested?'

'Damn right.' Mark peered across the bar at where the two girls were chatting. 'In fact I wouldn't put it past Jill to be suggesting round two as we speak.'

He was right. The girls had had their own discussion and, from the look on their faces – and from the way Jill smiled at me and Sally at Mark – a repeat performance was high on the agenda. I felt a surge of hear to my prick at the thought. Mark and I had barely settled at the table before Jill set the ball rolling.

'The night is young,' she grinned. 'What were you two thinking of doing?'

I tried not to stare to openly at her nipples, which had suddenly blossomed under the soft, clinging top she was wearing.

'Well, we've spent the day cleaning the house and doing the washing and the shopping and other boring stuff like that, so we felt we had to get out if only for an hour,' I replied. 'We were planning on going back to watch a DVD.'

'Is it a good one?' Jill asked, with a hint of disappointment in her voice.

'I hope so,' Sally giggled. 'It's one of a few Harry brought back from Holland last week.'

She paused expectantly, waiting for a reaction. It came almost immediately as Jill's eyes lit up.

'Not one of them there dirty movies?' she asked hopefully.

'Sure is,' Sally grinned. 'Hey, why not come back and watch it with us?'

'What do you reckon, Jill?' Mark grinned.

'Sounds good to me.'

'Then maybe we should stop at the off-license on the way back and pick up some wine,' I suggested.

There were murmurs of agreement from the others followed by a sudden tension between us. It wasn't hard to figure out why. Like me, the other three were thinking back to the events of that fateful party and wondering – hoping, probably – that something similar was about to happen.

Neither of the girls had particularly dressed-up that evening – even so, it still meant they were worth more than a second or even a third glance. Sally, expecting to be back home within an hour, had only slipped on a slash-necked sweater and a clean pair of jeans onto her freshly showered body. The sweater, however, hung provocatively off one shoulder and the jeans emphasised the beautifully rounded curves of her ass.

Jill, doubtless in anticipation of staying out for the evening, was wearing a short skirt and high-heels – both designed to show off her legs - and her stretchy top revealed nipples now positively straining to escape. She caught my glance and smiled, saying nothing but reaching for her drink to finish it in three swift gulps.

'I'm ready,' she announced.

Mark dragged his attention away from my wife to grin at her.

'You're always ready,' he said, his meaning obvious.

'Sounds like Sally,' I said. 'I thought it was supposed to be men that always want sex, but...'

'We're a lucky couple of guys,' Mark said, with a slow nod of acknowledgement.

'And don't you ever forget it,' Jill warned him, standing up to slip her arm through mine. 'To the off-license then!'

Jill and I led the way. Behind us, I could hear Sally giggling at something Mark was saying. If my dick had twitched before, our pairing off now caused it to swell rapidly. Clearly, we all had the same thoughts.

'Shit, Harry, are we going to do it again?' Jill asked me, her voice sounding both eager and breathless.

'I damn well hope so,' I growled. 'I'll say this: if, for any reason it doesn't happen, I'm going to fuck Sally's brains out tonight. You won't believe how horny I'm feeling.'

'Me too! A dirty movie and then another session with you in front of those two... It's a good job I'm wearing panties, that's all.'

'Well, you won't be for long,' I promised, 'but why is it a good job?'

'Because I'm so wet my juices would have reached my knees by now,' she laughed throatily.

'Then it's a shame, not a good job,' I frowned, 'because I'd love to lick you clean.'

'Christ Harry,' she shivered. 'Stop it! I'm going to cum right here in the street just thinking about it.'

'Go for it,' I grinned. 'It'll be the first of a whole string of orgasms I intend top give you tonight.'

'What are you two talking about?' Sally asked suspiciously, as we entered the off-license.

'Your husband is threatening to do all sorts of disgusting things to me,' Jill told her.

'They won't be threats,' Sally giggled. 'He's good at stuff like that. Mind you, if he's promised to do half the things Mark's been saying he's going to do to me, you're in for a treat.'

Mark and I exchanged looks and grins. Within the space of half an hour and without actually saying anything specific, it was now clearly agreed we were about to carry on where we'd left off at their party.

Sally and Mark took the sofa; Jill and I the big old armchair. Both pieces of furniture had seen a lot of action over the years, each being ideal in their own ways, for different activities.

Things started off quietly enough, despite the air being so thick with expectation you could almost see it. With the wine poured and the bottle close to hand, I sat in the chair with Jill on my lap. On the sofa, Sally sat so close to Mark they could have been joined at the hip. Once we were comfortable, I used the remote to start the film.

As such films go it was average. That is, the girls were cute, the men reasonably attractive and the acting diabolical. The plot, if that's what it could be called, was laughable. The sex, however, was energetic and inventive, both in the settings and the execution.

The opening shots, running behind the credits, showed a close up of a cunt being shaved under the running water of a shower. As the camera slowly zoomed out, it revealed a good looking girl apparently preparing for a night of fun. She was, we soon learned, a top-class call girl, coerced by the FBI to seduce a mobster. Apparently, after just one fuck with the girl, the mobster would be so smitten that he would spill all his secrets to her.

The aforementioned fuck duly took place but, before the exhausted and totally enamoured baddie had chance to start singing, a rival mobster, who has somehow discovered the FBI's sneaky plan, arrived with his henchmen to kidnap the first mobster and the hooker.

The poor girl is then left with no choice but to fuck her way to freedom. Fortunately, she proved more than able to do so – although she did have to endure a gang-bang (which included DP with various combinations of henchmen), a threesome with a couple of the second gangster's molls, a serious workout with her kidnapper and, just for fun, a second gang-bang/orgy at the end of the film, featuring all the gangsters, their molls and, somehow, the four FBI agents.

As a film, it was confusing and frequently ridiculous; as an ice-breaker, it was perfect. It allowed the girls to gasp and giggle at the size of some of the dicks on show and Mark and I to shake our heads at the willingness of some seriously sexy women to be used and abused so casually and all four of us to make lewd and licentious remarks.

Even before the opening credits had stopped rolling, I had one hand high up Jill's thigh, the other cupping a full, soft breast. On the sofa, Mark had eased Sally out of her jeans – for comfort, I heard him say. My minx of a wife merely giggled her agreement but insisted he took his off too.

'Does this stuff turn you on?' Jill asked quietly, her lips brushing my ear, after the heroine had recovered from her first fuck and was being drawn inexorably into the next situation which would require her to bare – and then give – her all.

'Usually,' I replied. 'And with a sexy woman on my knee, definitely,'

'Good, then it's not just me.'

'Look at the others,' I suggested.

Sally had moved to lie along the sofa, with her head in Mark's lap and his dick in her mouth. He was stroking her ass and thighs at the same time. Both were still watching the film. The only thing Sally was wearing was her sweater. Mark still had on his shirt, but the buttons had all been undone and it was virtually hanging off his shoulders.

'They make me feel positively over-dressed,' Jill grinned.

'We can't have that.'

Two minutes later we were sitting exactly as before, but now we were both naked. Two minutes after that, Jill shifted to straddle my thighs, while facing the screen and impaled herself on my prick. Then she leaned back with a sigh of contentment to continue watching. I now had unrestricted access to her breasts and clit and made full use of them while she used her internal muscles to bring me ever closer to cumming. She sensed it, too and looked cheekily up at me, rolling her pelvis as she did so.

'Will you lick me out afterwards, like you did last time? That was so rude! I'm still trying to get Mark to try it.'

'Love to. Do you want to share it again?'

'Hell, yes!'

A deep groan from the sofa attracted our attention. Sally was sucking vigorously and Mark arching his back. As we watched, Sally pulled back her head, grinned wickedly at Mark and moved up to kiss him. We saw him open his mouth instinctively, stiffen as Sally promptly gave him back some of his cum and then relax as he discovered it wasn't as bad as he had feared.

'You know, after that, Mark might not be quite so reluctant in future,' I suggested to Jill.

'You could be right,' she smiled happily, 'but I still want you to do it to me. I liked it last time and if Mark sees you doing it again, it might convince him to try it himself.'

'Okay. But there's no rush, right?'

She laughed and tightened her internal muscles.

'Except I seem to remember someone promising me a night of orgasms and I haven't had one, yet.'

'You don't want to see the end of the film?'

'I'll keep my eye on it. Us women can multi-task, you know?'

'Fair enough. Let's go for number one then.'

She laughed and planted her feet more firmly on the floor. Then, leaning forwards and bracing herself by putting her hands on my knees, she began raising and lowering her hips. I watched, entranced as my dick appeared and then disappeared, appeared and then disappeared, her juices making it glisten. I rested a hand lightly on her ass and used my thumb to press gently on the tightly closed hole. She gave a soft moan and I glanced at my watch and made a bet with myself that I'd have this same hole wide open within the hour. In the meantime I was content to let her do the bulk of the work.

She had obviously been close because she started shivering within a couple of minutes and then the shivers changed to shudders and she cried out, shaking her head blindly from side to side.

'Shit, that felt good!' she panted, once the spasms had eased.

'Ready for number two?'

'Just give me chance to catch my breath.'

While she did so, I looked across to see what Sally and Mark were doing.

Sally was lying along the sofa, one leg trailing onto the floor, the other bent at the knee and pressed against the back of the sofa. She had a look of bliss on her face as Mark's head bobbed busily between her thighs. She must have sensed my interest because she opened her eyes and looked back at me. Giving me a big smile and blowing me an exaggerated kiss, she closed her eyes again. I turned my attention back to Jill.

'Why don't we change places?' I suggested.

With a giggle of anticipation, Jill took my place in the chair, perching her ass right on the edge of the seat cushion and hooking a leg over either arm. The position meant her legs were wide apart and her cunt glistened enticingly, still gaping open from our fuck. I lost no time at all, kneeling in front of her and helping myself. 

She tasted good. As I had discovered last time, her juices had a heavier, spicier flavour than Sally's and I lapped and sucked eagerly. Her clit, nicely engorged, was just big enough to be pushed about with my tongue and, when I gently chewed on it, she howled with pleasure.

I adore going down on a responsive woman and I was lost in my own little world of slippery flesh and tangy juices when I felt her hands pulling my hair.

'Huh?' I blinked, coming up for air.

'For Christ sake, Harry, I need something big inside me. Fuck me!' she moaned.

Obligingly, I stood up, leaned over her and waited for her to grab my dick and line it up with her cunt. Then I simply pushed forward and I was in her once more. The next time, I told myself, would be in her ass.

It was lucky she was so aroused because I quickly realised I wasn't going to last very long at all. With her moaning and shuddering beneath me, I let out a groan of my own as I felt the familiar surge from my balls. It felt like I was cumming forever – not really so surprising considering everything that had led up to it – and I was panting heavily when I eased out of her.

'So far, so good,' she giggled weakly.

'How many's that?

'At least four – but I've stopped counting,' she admitted cheerfully.

'Well, let's see if we can give you another, anyway,' I grinned, kneeling down again.

She laughed delightedly and settled back while I leaned forward. If her cunt had been open and glistening before, I'm not sure how to describe it this time. It was still wide open and glistening but now there was a thick trickle of my cum adding to the picture and, as well as the spicy scent of her juices, there was now the heavier odour of my semen.

'Don't forget to share,' she reminded me.

There's no real way to describe how she tasted because the two flavours are unique at the best of times. There was the creamy texture of semen, slightly salty, but also – and not unpleasantly - bearing traces of the melon Sally and I had finished off at lunchtime. (I've noticed before that Sally's juices sometimes reflect some of the food she's eaten and no doubt my semen does too.) Then there was the thinner texture of Jill's juices. Overall the effect was a bit like unsweetened custard and cream.

I scooped up as much as I could and straightened up to kiss her. Her tongue darted eagerly into my mouth, capturing as much of the sticky mix as she could. Then I went down again for a second helping. And then a third and a fourth.

'That's about it,' I said apologetically as we finished the last of it.

She grinned and shrugged.

'Never mind. I do like doing that, though. It's more the thought of it than the actual doing. So dirty!'

'I know. And I'm you're going to let me do something else that's dirty in a minute.'

I slid my hand between her still parted thighs as I spoke and eased the tip of my middle finger into her ass. She giggled and gave a provocative wriggle.

'I hope this means you're going to fuck my ass again.'

'You're naughty,' I scolded.

'Admit it, you love it.'

'I do,' I agreed.

A loud moan from the sofa let us know that Sally loved being naughty, too. I looked up just in time to see Mark edging slowly into her ass. She was on her knees, her face and shoulders pressed into the sofa cushions while she reached back top hold her ass cheeks apart. As such I was able to watch every inch of Mark disappear. Next to me, Jill sucked in her breath.

'God, that looks so amazing,' she murmured. 

'It certainly does,' I nodded, enthralled by the sight.

Once fully embedded, Mark waited a moment or two and then slowly withdrew. The second time he thrust, he did so a little quicker – and Sally moaned with appreciation.

'God, yes! More! I want more.'

Slowly but surely – and encouraged by Sally – Mark increased the speed of his thrusts. Before long he was fucking her with a smooth rhythm that had them both moaning and groaning with pleasure. Jill's grip on my dick drew my attention to the fact that I was now fully erect again. My wish to witness Sally enjoying anal sex was being fulfilled and the sight was proving so stimulating it had accelerated my recovery to the point where I was now ready to 'abuse' Jill in the same way.

This I duly did – to our mutual enjoyment and encouraged by Sally and Mark who were now flopped on the sofa watching us with the same sort of interest with which we had watched them. Afterwards, Sally made coffee and, with the film now ended, we grinned at one another.

'You know,' Sally told us, 'even though I enjoyed the last time we did this, I never really believed it would ever be more than a one-off, a naughty memory....'

'A fantasy fulfilled?' Jill offered.

'Exactly. And I have to admit, that was part of the reason I wanted us to do it again, to see how I felt afterwards, to see if was as good.'

'And?' I asked, as the others nodded their interest.

'Don't take this the wrong way,' she said to Mark, 'because the sex I've had with you has been great, but I thinks it's not so much who I'm doing it with, as what I'm doing.'

'Same for me!' Jill agreed, smiling at Mark. 'Harry's a good lover – as you may have noticed, he has no trouble making me moan almost as much as you do – but I think it would probably be just as much fun for me if it was someone else.'

'That's right,' Sally nodded. 'The idea of having sex with someone other than my husband is what makes it so exciting – that and watching him have sex with another woman right next to me.'

I looked at Mark to see what he thought about these revelations. He looked round our little group thoughtfully.

'I know what you mean. It's just sex. I mean, don't get me wrong, I like you a lot,' he assured Sally, 'but no way does us having sex with each other make we want to leave Jill.'

'So what we're saying,' I suggested, 'is that we could be doing this with pretty much anyone and getting the same thrill out of it? I think that's right. However, I have to say that the fact that Jill is a seriously sexy woman adds a lot for me. I'm not so sure I would get anywhere near the same enjoyment out of screwing Mary Irvine, for example.'
