 It wasn’t Tony’s first question that stopped me dead in my tracks it was his next.

“Have you ever had a threesome,” he asked out of the blue. 

“Nope never had the chance,” I answered. 

“Ever fancy it” he persisted. 

“What the thought of me and two girls of course I have, what man in his right mind wouldn’t?” I answered.

Tony paused for a moment before speaking again. “What about two blokes on one girl” he asked. That’s when I stopped, exactly where was he going with this. I looked directly at him and saw uncertainty painted all over his face, my mind began to race ahead, Tony surely wasn’t asking if I’d team up with him in screwing another woman. 

I spoke, “not really given it much thought, why the question?” 

Tony was quite openly nervous now and his answer preceded by a deep breath was delivered at speed. “Annie and I wanted to know if you’d have a threesome with us? Look you don’t have to answer now think about it. We’ve been trying to spice up our sex life, looking at porn together, reading erotic stories and it gave Annie this idea she wanted to try two men at once and we thought you might be…” he tailed off. 

“Umm err” was all my imaginative brain could think to say at that moment. 

Tony’s nerve now completely failed, he mumbled something about catching me later and headed back to his desk head down.

Let me step back a moment. I’ve known Tony for 20 years. We joined the firm as trainees and had progressed at roughly the same speed to senior engineers. It was probably a good 15 of those years before we finally become each other’s best mates. 

I’d been at his wedding 12 years before when he’d married Annie. In the last few years he’d often said to me “John I’m sorry we weren’t best mates back then you definitely would have been my best man”. 

I can only describe Tony as a normal bloke, just like you and me, we talked about sport, TV, our wives, played a little golf together but I’d never for a moment thought that he and Annie might be a bit on the sexually adventurous side. This needed some serious thought.

I dipped out at lunchtime to a local park to take a stroll and think about Tony’s question. He was actually asking me if I wanted to join him in having sex with his wife. More than that he was talking about Annie who aside from knowing for 12 years was a regular dinner guest, friend to my wife and well…Annie! 

Honestly the thought was appealing I’d get to have sex with another woman, actually stick my cock in her and hell, see her completely naked. My cock was beginning to stiffen at the thought. 

But there were other things to consider here, Tony was going to be there as well, I was going to be cheating on my wife and supposing she found out. How the hell would we all have dinner together again with three of us sharing that as a secret? 

On the TV at moments like this the angel appears on one shoulder and the devil on the other and lets be honest it was easier to listen to the devil. 

I wanted to shag Annie and I figured I could live with most of the consequences, us guys can so easily compartmentalise our lives but there was no way I wanted to mess up my marriage, my wife could never know.

I managed to catch Tony alone later that afternoon. “You’re on,” I said, “On one condition this never gets back to my wife.”

“No problem,” he said with a relieved smile, “I was more concerned you were going to think we were real perverts and not speak to me again.”

“I must admit” I replied “it came as a hell of a surprise especially from you two but I think I’m going to enjoy it. How do we proceed from here?”

“Can you get away from home for a whole night without suspicion?” He asked.

“Yeah” I replied, “when she next goes to stay with her mother I’ll tell her I’m staying with you so we can have a drink, it always easier to hide behind the truth.”

Although the plan was hatched it was several weeks before my wife next headed for her mothers. During that time I again had my doubts but always the thought of Annie, naked on her back legs wide apart, pussy open to my gaze, popped into my head, my dick got hard and any inhibitions vanished.

As soon as I’d seen my wife off I showed and shaved grabbed an overnight bag and headed for Tony and Annie’s. They were only about 20 miles away so I was soon on their doorstep anticipating the evening. 

Annie answered the door; she’d obviously gone to some trouble to get ready and was very nicely made up.

Annie wasn’t what you’d call a stunner; she was just like Tony, and me ordinary. She was wearing a wrap around black skirt and semi-see through blouse with a black bra obviously underneath. She was nicely rounded, not thin, not fat, in fact just my kind of perfect. Her breasts were about a 38 and looked very firm.

She pulled me inside and wrapped her arms around me. “Thank you so much for doing this for me,” she said and gave me a full and long kiss. “You must have thought your friends had become complete weirdo’s but we haven’t honestly, we’re the same people we ever were, just trying something new”. 

Tony greeted me with a beer, “get that down you” he said, “I think a little booze will loosen us all up”. 

I was shown to Tony and Annie’s guest room, I’d stayed there before with my wife. 

“Look” said Annie, “if you want to bale out at any time we completely understand just come in here and lock yourself away”. 

“Don’t worry,” I replied, “I think I’m going to be fine”.

We had several more drinks and chatted I guess none of us were really certain how to start, we looked as nervous as each other.

Then Tony said, “I’ve got hold of this video that might help us get going, happy to watch it”? Annie and I both readily agreed and he pushed it into the machine. 

On to the screen appeared a woman on her back she had one cock already in her mouth and another penetrating deep in her pussy, I suspected Tony had already positioned the video for a fast start. 

The action was good and I could feel my cock getting hard. I could hear Annie was breathing harder and was totally absorbed by the action, “Wow that looks good” she said, “why don’t you boys come either side of me on the sofa.” Tony and I did as we were told, 

“I’ve no idea how this works,” she said, “so lets just go with what feels good”. 

Annie turned to me and pulled me into a passionate kiss, our mouths opened and her tongue snaked inside to play with mine. Her lips were moist and full.

She reached down and took my hand and placed it on her breast. I could feel her nipple through the material of her thin blouse and bra. It felt beautifully hard and I rolled it between my fingers feeling its length and firmness. 

Annie kissed well and our tongues were wrapped around each other’s tasting the alcohol and sending singles of pure lust to each other. I wanted to see how Tony was, so moved down to kiss her exposed neck. 

Tony had pulled back Annie’s wrap skirt exposing a tight pair of lacy black knickers. His fingers were rubbing her pussy lips through the material. I lifted back up to continue the French kissing and was greeted with a groan as Tony’s fingers obviously found their mark. 

Annie’s hand snaked down and pressed hard against my stiff cock, she tried to encircle it through my jeans wrapping my cock in a tight blanket of denim and then rubbing her hand up and down my length. It was sending waves of pleasure up and down my shaft.

After several minutes of this she pulled back, “Lets get my tits out” she said “and swap over”. Tony and I nearly ripped her top off in our excitement and her bra was easily undone exposing her big round breasts to our attentions. 

Tony took one breast in his mouth and I took the other. I ran my tongue around her hard nipple sensing the contours of her areole; I have always enjoyed sucking on a nipple taking as much of a breast as I can into my mouth and sucking hard. 

Annie was still rubbing her hand up and down my shaft; I hoped Tony was getting the same treatment it felt fantastic. I dropped my hand down to her knee and slowly ran my fingertips up the inside of her thigh I wanted to feel her pussy. I wanted to felt her witnesses in the palm of my hand. My fingers came into contact with Tony’s and at that moment I wondered what was going through his mind as another man was now enjoying his wife’s body, which up till then had been his alone.

Tony lifted the now soaking lace way from her opening allowing my fingers to graze the hair that surrounded her soaking pussy. I slipped one finger into the slit and ticked the tip of her clit with my thumb. I was rewarded with new moans from Annie. 

I finger fucked her soaking wet pussy adding a second finger as her pussy got slicker. I tried pushing deep inside her then returning to circle her clit before opening her up again.

“I’d love it if one of you would eat me” she moaned. 

“Fancy that” asked Tony in my direction, 

“I’d love it” I replied and slipped off the couch on to my knees between her open legs. Tony and Annie began deep French kissing and he’d taken out his cock because Annie was now giving it a long slow wank.

Annie’s legs were wide open in front of me. The lace had slipped back across her wet slit but was being stretched to a thin line as it was enveloped between her cunt lips.

I ran my tongue, gentle up the inside of both of Annie’s thigh stopping just short of the material of her knickers then slipping a finger under the hem I lifted it to one side and got my first proper view of her cunt. 

Pussy juices were oozing from her open slit and mingling and running down her thighs towards her asshole. I prised her lips open from each side using a finger and ran my tongue from her wet opening up to her clit then concentrated on giving her clit a complete tongue bath. 

“OH GOD” she cried “out this is just what I wanted”. Her thighs closed around my head to trap me deep in her pussy, I licked and sucked for all I was worth, I just love the sweet taste of pussy juice.

“STOP” cried Annie, “I need a bed and I need a cock and I need them now.”

We headed up to their bedroom. Annie was certainly not at this moment the Annie I thought I knew. 

“Strip” she commanded us, “I want to see what I’ve got to play with.”

I looked over at Tony, “you are one hell of a lucky man,” I told him. 

We shed clothes in double quick time; Annie was now totally naked to my gaze. Those beautiful 38 inch breasts stood proudly above a rounded waist, below which was a thatch of black hair. Tony and I stood before her cocks straight out in front of us. 

“I want to try one of you at each end” Annie continued, “Who wants what first”. 

Tony and I looked at each other, “you’re the guest,” he said, “you decide”. 

I looked at Annie; “I want to fuck your mouth,” I said.

“Then I get to fuck your cunt” finished Tony.

“Come lie here” Annie commanded me, “on your back up by the pillows.” I did as told and watched as Annie positioned herself on her hands and knees above my cock. Her beautiful arse was in the air pointing back at Tony, he didn’t need a second invite. 

Slowly she edged her mouth down to the head of my cock and licked over its end and around the sides several times. “I want you to tell me when you are about to cum” she directed.

“Do you want me to pull out,” I asked. 

“Oh no” she replied, “I’m going to swallow you right down” and with that she opened her mouth and took the first two inches of my cock inside. 

Tony had climbed up on his knees behind her and after giving his shaft a couple of quick pulls lined it up against her pussy and slid all the way in. A low groan emanated from around my cock.

Annie’s mouth was hot and wet she drew back her head scrapping her teeth against my cock head before plunging down the shaft again. My whole shaft tingled as her lips slid down each side of my stiff cock. After a moment she had a wonderful rhythm going, forward down on me and then back to pump against Tony. 

Reality struck me again I was getting a blowjob from my best mates wife whilst he was fucking her from behind for all he was worth. It left me feeling hot, excited and frankly delightfully dirty.

Annie’s sucking was starting to get to me, “do you like dirty talk?” I asked her. 

She lifted from my cock just long enough to say, “Love it”. 

“You give one hell of a blowjob” I complemented her, “I love fucking your mouth, please suck me, suck me harder, I want to shot my cum deep down your throat. Oh that’s brilliant,” I groaned. 

Tony had thrown his head back and his hips were bounding back and forward into her arse and his cock pushed as deep as possible into her pussy.

I wanted to cum, I wanted it so much. I wanted to watch Annie take it and swallow it down, I decided I had to let it go. 

“Annie I’m going to cum” I said. She lifted her eyes to let me know she’d heard me and took me as deep as she could and wanked the bottom of my shaft up into her mouth. 

I felt the pressure and excitement well within me and after holding it as long as I could bare, I let it go. “FUCK” I screamed “I’m cumming, oh god that’s fantastic”. Annie swallowed a couple of times and I knew my cum was rolling down her throat. 

She lifted from my cock and closed her eyes I knew she was there too “Yes” she said, “God yes I’m almost there fuck me Tony, fuck me, make me cum, oh God oh GOODDD I’M CUMMING.” She thrust back hard against Tony and with a grunt he obviously let his own cum release deep in her wet pussy. 

They continued to pump against each other until both spent. Tony pulled his cock out from her and slumped at the bottom of the bed, Annie rolled over beside me.

We lay there recovering our breath for several minutes. Tony was the first to break the silence. “I’ll be honest I wasn’t totally sure about this but watching you suck John’s cock got me so hot that must be the biggest cum I’ve ever had.” 

Annie lifted herself onto one elbow to look at us both, “That was almost how I imagined it would be but my orgasm was much more intense than I was expecting.” 

“How long do you boys need to recover?” she asked. 

“I think I’m about there” I replied.

“Me too” grinned Tony, “Second half swap ends,” he laughed. 

“This time I want to be on my back” said Annie. 

We both moved back to give her room to spread out on her back in the middle of the bed. “A little more gently this time” she asked, “I’m not an eighteen year old anymore.” 

“No eighteen year old would fuck like that” I prophesised. 

“You are a darling you can come again” she replied, then realised the accidental double-entende burst into fits of laughter, “but this time in my pussy” she finished. 

“Sounds like an invitation if ever I heard one I replied and moved to the bottom of the bed. 

Tony knelt up near his wife’s head, his cock in his hand, giving himself a slow wank to get it really hard before handing it over to his wife’s attentions. She wrapped her hand around it and continued the wank before turning her head toward it and taking the head inside her mouth. I knew the pleasure he was about to receive. 

I looked down at her wanton body open to me, inviting me to take it, giving me permission to fuck her. I positioned myself between Annie’s outstretched legs and ran my finger from her opening up to her clit. 

As I did this a bead of Tony’s cum trickled out. It had an instant effect on the sexual button in my head and my cock sprung up. I was about to mix my cum with my best mates in his pretty wife’s wet pussy. She was going to spend the next few hours with our cum cocktail inside her.

I eased forward and lined the head of my cock up against her compliant lips and pushed my way inside. Annie was as wet as hell and I slipped in the full length with no problem. I held myself at arms length above her to give plenty of room to the blowjob going on at the other end and began slow pumps. 

I could feel every inch of her pussy and moaned softly as I felt her tighten her cunt muscles around my cock to make it as tight as possible for me, Annie was one hell of a woman.

Tony was getting expressive, “that’s it baby suck my cock, make me cum I want to see you swallow me like John”.

I concentrated on giving Annie a long slow fuck, well in truth it was a pleasure for both of us. My cock was moving easily backward and forward into her, so I picked up the pace a little. 

“Annie” I said, “your pussy is hot, and I’m going to cum deep inside you”. I think at that moment I found the sexual button for her too as she began a ‘full mouth’ moan. 

I began pushing harder and faster into her slit whilst she in turn wanked Tony’s cock faster into her mouth. My cock felt like it was on fire, I love that second cum, it takes so much longer to build up and then when it arrives…

With a huge “YES, OH MY GOD YES” Tony came into her mouth, Annie swallowed his cum taking care to suck him dry of every last drop before letting his softening cock slip from her mouth. 

Turning to look up at me she said, “Lets cum together.”

I pumped as quickly as my hips would allow trying each time to get deeper and deeper into her. “Kiss me” she said and I dropped down on top of her, feeling her lovely big breasts squash between us. 

Our tongues met and danced as my cock pummelled her pussy. “Keep going I’m almost there,” she pleaded. My own orgasm was building inside my balls and heading for my shaft and freedom. “OH GOD YES,” she cried out, “I’m there.” 

She squirmed below me her cunt muscles milking my shaft I knew it was ok to let go. I felt my shaft shoot cum deep inside her. “YES” she cried, “I felt that, I felt you cum, oh my god this is so intense I don’t want to stop cumming.”

I slackened off the pace a little as the waves of orgasm rolled over me. I gently helped us both down from the high of our orgasms before slowly withdrawing my cock.

Annie opened her eyes, “Thank you both” she said, “That was the best sex I have ever had. Does that now qualify me as a total slut, I hope so,” she said with a smile.

I slept that night in the spare bedroom and made my way home the next day. I did wonder at first whether the friendship would still be the same, but it was. We also now shared the same joke every time we got together as soon as my wife was out of the room Annie would lick her lips at me and Tony would have hysterics. 

OK, I admit this is a fantasy I turned into a story but did you like it? I always enjoy your feedback so please let me know. If you have had an experience like this I’d love to hear and if you want to chat send me a mail, I promise to reply.

JK