 Friends in the Booth

From the time I told Melissa about my adventure at the adult bookstore, which led to being blackmailed by a coworker, she had been relentless in trying to get me go with her to check out the store.

"But Kirsten...I can't go alone!" Melissa whined.

I leaned back against the sink as I dried some dishes. "Get Jordan to take you."

She stuck her lips out in a mock pout, "He'll go, but...I don't want to be the only girl there...come on..."

For those of you not following along with my sexual journey, I'm Kirsten. I'm twenty-five years old, a true ginger - not flaming red, but still. I stand about 5'2"/5'3", and I weigh between 130 and 135. I've been working hard to drop a few pounds, and I am finally seeing some results. Attractiveness is hard to judge for yourself, but I've been told I'm sort of girl next door cute. Critically cute as someone told me once.

Melissa. Now she's super cute. Natural blonde, a little taller and a little thinner than I am, perky breasts, and a killer smile.

"Melissa....you know what happened last time..." I sighed. My last adult bookstore encounter resulted in being discovered by a co-worker who happened to be among the group of men who had fucked me. A co-worker that had blackmailed me into having sex with him and a friend. I was trying to avoid a repeat of that experience.

She moved over next to me, running her hand along my side and over my hip. Her lips brushed against my neck as I sighed, "...come on...we can find some other place where things would be cool.."

I moaned as I turned to kiss her. When she was through with me, as we cuddled naked in bed, our limbs intwined, I gave in.

The text from Melissa came just a few days later: Free this weekend?

After quickly figuring out that I could put off most of what I needed to do I replied: Sure. What's up.

A few minutes later, she responded: Found our place - got a room for the night so we don't have to drive back.

I grinned as it finally dawned on me what she was referring to: U sure about this?

:Yep

:Jordon's in?

:He's been hard the last two days just thinking about it!

Laughing I sent back my reply: Then I'm in.

Time slowed down, making Thursday and Friday torture at work. Finally, quitting time rolled around, and I rushed home to get ready before my friends came by to pick me up. All week I had been trying to decide what to wear. As usual, I wanted to give off an innocent, but not unapproachable, vibe, and I wanted to stay away from anything that looked too slutty. I settled on a nice fitting pair of black jeans over a black thong. I pulled on a plain white "boyfriend tee" from Victoria Secrets, topping that off with a short, cropped jacket. As I checked myself out, I thought I looked rather sassy with my new shorter haircut. 

By the time I was throwing a few last minute items in my overnight duffle (my Rabbit made the final last minute cut), the doorbell was chiming. I grabbed my bag, and opened the door. 

Melissa was grinning ear to ear. "Ready?"

"Let's go!" 

I followed her down the stairs admiring her look. A black knit dress, scoop neck, and flats. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail that was really very cute. 

She turned to look back at me and giggled, "Jordan's hard as a fucking rock! BEGGED me to blow him on the drive over!"

"..and...?"

"He's still suffering!"

"You are such a bitch!" I laughed as I opened the back passenger door, tossing my bag across the seat. "Hey Jordan!"

Jordan looked back at me with a pained look on his face, "Don't you want to ride shotgun?"

I pouted at him, "But Jordan, if I did that, your raging hard on might tempt me to do something unsafe..." 

Melissa laughed and jumped into the front seat. "Don't worry baby. We'll take very good care of you later." She squeezed the obvious bulge in his jeans as Jordan groaned. 

For the next hour and half, Jordan was a good sport as Melissa and I teased him without mercy. His only response was, "You girls just wait...what goes around..."

We pulled up to our hotel, and checked into the room around 8:00 pm. Melissa was eager to go, but Jordan and I argued for drinks at the bar to help us relax. It was her turn to groan in frustration, "Come on guys! I'm ready now!"

I sided with Jordan, and we hit the bar. After a couple glasses of wine, I was feeling good. Melissa was obviously horny and beyond ready to go. Jordan pulled out his phone, looked up directions to the bookstore, and paid our tab. Melissa crawled into the back seat with me much to Jordan's dismay, and we made out as our driver made his way to our destination. 

Melissa moaned as I slid my hand under her dress, lightly running my fingers up her thighs. My fingertips circled her clit, then trailed down along her slit. She gasped as I inserted a finger slowly into her wet pussy.

"Jordan..." I teased, looking at him as he caught quick glances at us in the rearview mirror. "She's so fucking wet..." I whispered, as Melissa slowly ground her pussy against my hand. 

"...You guys suck...." He muttered under his breath.

In about 20 minutes, he announced that we had arrived, and Melissa and I pulled ourselves apart. 

Almost a dozen cars were scattered throughout the parking lot that surrounded the one story building. A simple neon sign hung over the door. 

Jordan parked and turned to look back at us, "So how do you want to do this? All go in together? Or maybe separate?"

I just shrugged, looking toward Melissa. Her forehead wrinkled as she gave it some thought, "Why don't you go in first Jordan. You can check it out just to see what it's like. If it's cool, text me. Then Kirsten and I can play 'two girls checking out the dirty bookstore'." She looked from me to Jordan, "What do you think."

I smiled, "Sounds good to me."

Jordan was grinning like the village idiot, "Ok. Sounds like plan." 

He stepped out of the car, but before closing the door, he poked his head back in, "And keep your fingers out of my wife's pussy for just a LITTLE while, ok?"

We laughed as we watched Jordan walk across the asphalt and enter the building. 

"Nervous?" 

Melissa just nodded. 

About the time we were thinking that something might be wrong, the text came through: Cool place. Number of guys creeping around. Think you'll like it.

I slipped off my jacket, leaving it on the seat as we both took a deep breath and headed toward the door.

The outer door opened into a fairly large room that was similar to the other bookstore I had visited. Display counters to the right, and what I would call an S&M wall to the left. The center of the room was row after row of DVD displays, toys, and racks of clothing. Toward the back, on the left wall, was an entrance to the private booths with a change machine and a bathroom next to the doorway. Straight ahead of us was another door with a sign over it that read simply: Theatre. A number of guys were milling around looking at the merchandise.

Melissa's eyes were wide as she took it all in. I nudged her to get her moving into the room as the clerk behind the counter looked over at us, "Good evening ladies."

I smiled at him shyly and bit at my lower lip as Melissa managed a hoarse, "...hi..."

He was checking us out as we moved down the row right in front of us, "Let me know if you need any help."

I glanced over at him, brushed my hair back, and nodded. By this time, the half dozen guys in the room had noticed us. I looked around, spotting Jordan in the back of the store next to a display of blow up dolls. He gave a slight nod, and pretended to check us out as like the others.

Melissa looked somewhat flush as she stopped and looked at the video titles. Her nipples were pressing against the fabric of her dress clearly indicating her state of mind. I stopped next to her, letting my right hand drift over to her ass. We were drawing stares now as my hand dropped lower and stroked the upper part of her leg just below the hem of her dress. Slowly, I moved my hand up under the fabric to caress her bare ass. In the process her dress rode up to reveal more skin. Melissa moved her feet a little further apart, trembling as I ran a finger up between her legs.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Jordan whisper something to a couple guys standing close to him. They grinned, and the three of them moved around to stand in the row just behind us. I started to finger my friend slowly as she arched her back sticking her ass out. Melissa held onto the shelf in front of her as she slowly rotated her hips taking my finger deeper into her pussy. 

A guy appeared on the end of our row, pretending to check out the videos as he snuck quick peeks at us. Two other guys stood on the other side of the display rack, not directly in front of us, but just off to either side. I grinned at them as I slipped a second finger into Melissa's pussy causing her to moan out loud. I worked my fingers slowly in and out of her pussy a couple more times before pulling them out and rubbing the juices all over her bare ass. The expressions on the faces around us was priceless as I let the dress fall back over Melissa's hips. 

"Come on...!" I walked to the end of the aisle, past the guy still pretending to look at the DVDs, and made my way over to the S&M wall. Melissa followed with a dazed look on her face that I knew from past experience was a great indicator of her level of arousal. Every eye in the place was on us. I picked up a pair of handcuffs, playfully wagging them in front of my friend. She laughed as she held her hands out in front of her pretending to submit to being cuffed. 

We checked out the various cuffs, and whips, and blindfolds. We took our time, picking up and inspecting the various items as we giggled to ourselves. I looked over my shoulder to see Jordan engaged in a discussion with several of the other guys. He caught my eye and tilted his head toward the entrance to the video booths. I bit my lip and gave a brief nod. 

"...Jordan thinks we should hit the booths..." I whispered into my friend's ear. 

Melissa glanced at the doorway then back at me. "...ok..."

"But first, follow me..." I led her on a brief tour around the store. I made sure that the guys were watching as we stopped to look at the array of toys. I teased them by looking at some of the clothes, holding the skimpy dresses and fantasy costumes up to Melissa and myself to see how they looked against our bodies. Finally, I clearly let them see that we were very interested in the DVD section on gang bangs, group sex, and "forced" sex. Finally, when I could tell that the sexual tension in the room was reaching a boiling point, we walked over the counter.

I pulled a $20 bill out of my pocket, handing it to the clerk. I brushing my hair back as I blushed, "Can I get dollars for the booths?"

He looked us over like a wolf studies a wounded sheep. Handing over a wad of singles, his fingers brushed against the inside of my wrist causing goosebumps to pop up along my arm, "...have a good times ladies..."

Both of us were blushing now as we headed over the entrance to the back hallway. Jordan was nowhere to be seen, and I assumed he had gone on ahead of us. I looked around, as it slowly dawned on me that only a couple guys were still in the main room. Probably through Jordan's efforts the others had anticipated our move to the back booths when we approached the counter for change. 

We stepped through a heavy black curtain, and into a short darkened hallway. As our eyes adjusted to the dimness, I could see that several video booths lined the wall on each side. I saw Jordan peeking around the corner from the intersecting hallway just a little bit in front of us.

I sensed Melissa hesitate, so I took charge.

"Come on..." I opened the second door on the right. Lights above the doors of the first few booths were dark, so I knew they were empty. I pulled Melissa into the room. "...You ok?..."

She let out a deep breath, "Yeah...nervous...horny..." She giggled anxiously, giving me a nervous smile, "...yeah...I'm good...."

I threaded a couple dollars into the machine, and the video immediately started. A girl was bent over a park bench as a big white guy plowed her from behind. I unbuttoned my jeans, and pulled my tee shirt over my head. I sat down on the bench, and slid one hand into the front of my jeans as my other hand caressed my tits through the fabric of my lace bra.

We heard doors on either side of us open and then slam closed. I nodded to the holes on either side of the booth. I knew we were being watched. I sat back on the bench and spread my legs. As I stared at Melissa, I started to rub my pussy. My fingers circled my clit, and I moaned as I slid my middle finger into my wet cunt.

"...Join me...." I whispered.

Melissa lifted her dress over her hips, and leaned back against the door. Little wisps of hair had escaped her pony tail and framed her face. Along with the color rising in her cheeks, Melissa looked very vulnerable and erotic. As she ran her hand down her belly to her pussy, one of the guys watching us stuck his cock through the hole to her left. Melissa stroked her pussy with her right hand as she reached over to wrap her left hand around his stiff cock. We heard a loud groan from the other side of the wall as she started to slowly stroke the thick shaft. 

I watched Melissa slowly stroking the rigid tool as I continued to finger myself. One the other side of the booth, a second cock pressed through the other glory hole. Reluctantly ceasing my self stimulation, I got up and knelt on the floor. I licked the thick head, then took the rigid cock in my mouth as I stared into my friend's eyes. 

I slowly licked the thick shaft, running my tongue along the sensitive underside of the stranger's prick. A muffled moan came through the thin wall as he tried to press his cock further through the hole. On the video, the girl screamed out as her partner's thick cock now slammed into her ass. 

I was intently sucking on the cock in my mouth as Melissa dropped to the floor next to me. She gave me a sly grin, and she slowly licked the underside of the cock she had been stroking from the base to the head. She nibbled on the tip as the guy in the booth gasped. He was groaning with pleasure as Melissa teased his cock with her lips before suddenly taking it deep into her mouth. We watched each other sucking on the strangers' cocks.

From the other side of wall I heard an "Oh fuck!" as the cock in my mouth twitched and started to empty its load. I took the first spurt in my mouth, then pulled back, jerking the shaft rapidly as second spurt sprayed on my chest. Melissa's wide eyes got even wider as the other guy hissed, "I'm going to cum...!"

Before she could pull back, the look on her face told me that Melissa had taken the load in her mouth. She kept sucking, trying to swallow it all, but a string of cum trickled down her chin. Finally, the guy pulled back, and gasped, "...oh fuck...!" as his cock slipped out of Melissa's warm, wet mouth. 

The cock in my hand deflated, and I let it go as it slipped back through the glory hole. I leaned over and kissed Melissa, licking the cum off her chin. 

"...God that was hot..." She whispered. I just grinned and bit my lip. 

We heard the doors open and the guys stumble out. We could just make out the rustling of other people in the hall outside our booth, and it wasn't long before we could hear two people in the booths next to us. Melissa put her fist to mouth to suppress a laugh as a small cock pushed through the hole next to me. 

"...Bet you could deep throat that..." She whispered before breaking out into barely suppressed giggles. 

I fought back my own laugher as I looked at her in mock anger. I took the cock between my thumb and first two fingers of my right hand.

"...Oh god...." Melissa was in tears as she fell back on the floor her body racked with silent laughter. 

The guy groaned as I licked the head of his cock. I didn't want to waste any time, so I took him into my mouth, pressing my lips as close as possible to the wall. I just held my head in place, my lips snuggly around his dick, as he pumped his cock in and out of my mouth. He did not last long at all before I felt the spasms that indicated he was going to cum. I took his cum in my mouth, easily swallowing his meager load. I pulled back and licked my lips as another cock push through the hole close to Melissa.

Seeing the stiff cock, she got her giggles under control. She took the new cock firmly in hand and began stroking and licking the tip of the guy's dick. I could tell the guy with the small dick had not left the booth, and I assumed he was watching the show. I moved to the side so he would have a better view of Melissa, and I lifted her dress over her hips to expose her bare ass. She was sitting back on her heels, her ass perfectly displayed. 

Looking back at the guy I knew was watching us through the glory hole, I seductively licked a couple fingers, then rubbed them up between her legs. Melissa groaned around the cock lodged in her mouth as I started to finger her pussy. She was rocking back on my hand, sucking hard on the guy poking through the wall. I pulled my fingers out, licked them, and slowly inserted them into her pussy again two knuckles deep. Melissa moaned and the cock sunk deeper into her mouth. 

I could hear the guy groaning as Melissa worked on his dick, and I knew from the sounds he was making that he was close. Melissa pulled back, furiously pumping the guy's shaft. I moved up beside her, pulling her dress up over her tits. Her nipples were rock hard. I heard a muffled scream as he sprayed his cum all over Melissa's tits. She turned him loose and let him pull his cock back into his booth as he muttered, "...thanks..."

I stared at the guy watching the show through the other hole as I slowly licked the cum off my friends breasts. 

Melissa moaned as I licked her tits clean and sucked gently on her nipples. The door to one of the rooms opened, then slammed shut.

"Come on..." I pulled Melissa to her feet as she gave me with a puzzled look. I grabbed my shirt and unlocked the door.

Opening the door, we stepped out into the hallway. Several guys were hanging around outside the booth we had recently occupied. Nearly running into a couple of them, I smiled at them as I walked down to the intersecting hall. To the left, the hall extended down about ten feet then turned right. To the right, the hallway extended the same distance then turned left. Directly in front of us was a door to a janitors closet. I looked both ways, then turned right. 

At the end of that short hallway, we turned left down another corridor that was a bit darker, longer than the entrance hall, and lined with video booths all down the left side. A number guys were loitering about, and I saw Jordan talking to someone at the end of the hall. Lights were on over a number of booths. 

As we walked down the hall, guys were staring at my tits barely covered by my thin bra. I had left my jeans unbuttoned, and the lace top of my black panties was barely visual in the dim light. 

We were drawing a crowd. I glanced over my shoulder to see the guys that had been hanging out in front of the previous booth had followed us deeper into the building. A couple guys leaned back against the wall to our right, and we excused ourselves as we walked past. In front of us, at the end of the hall, Jordan was standing with several guys blocking our passage. 

I smiled nervously at the guys leaning against the wall as I pulled open the door to a booth right in front of them. We ducked quickly inside. 

"...Fuck..." Melissa hissed. She was clearly very turned on.

"...Yeah..." I was almost crawling out of my skin I was so aroused by this point.

The door started to creep open, but Melissa grabbed the handle and pulled it closed. We could hear the guys shuffling around outside along with their muffled voices. I slipped a few dollars into the video machine, and the movie started. A white woman was being stripped by a group of black guys while pretending to protest. 
