 When Katina got to her car she opened the note Billy had given her. All that is contained was a street address and the time 8:35. She laughed softly at the time. Looking down at the clock on the dash Katina saw that it was only 4:27. She still had a little over four hours until she had to be at the address on the paper.

What was a girl to do with four hours to waste before being fucked by a couple of randy college nerds? Katina decided to go shopping to get something new to wear.

It was five o'clock when Katina got to the mall. She headed directly to the elevator and took it to the third level. She passed right by the stores that she would normally at least browse in. She walked briskly down the corridor to the area where people only went to when they knew what store they were going to.

Katina wanted to get something that was highly provocative. She knew she looked hot in her short skirt and red cami but she wanted something that would make the sexually deprived nerds almost cream in their shorts. Maybe if she got lucky all she would have to do would be suck a few cocks then leave.

As she entered the store a female clerk who Katina knew as Paris rushed to her side, "May I help you Mademoiselle?"

"Is Marseille here?" Katina asked.

"Oui, un moment."

"Merci, Paris." Katina said smiling. She had always found it amusing how all the workers at this boutique assumed French cities as names and tried to speak French.

"Mademoiselle Katina! Coment allez vous?"

"Ca va bein, et vous?

"Bein. What can I help you with today?"

"I need something tres sexy."

"Oui, I know just the thing." Marseille took Katina's hand and lead her to the back of the boutique where the changing rooms where. "Wait here I will bring you back just the thing that you are looking for."

Katina smiled, she had always found Marseille to be hot, but Katina knew that he was having an affair with Paris. She had accidentally walked in on them once when Lyon had sent her back to the dressing room. Katina sat on a plush chair and waited for Marseille to come back.

"Katina, ma petit, Paris and I found you the best outfit to wear to make the boys drool." Marseille motioned behind himself, Paris walked in carrying a garment made with a sheer red material. "This is brand new. Pierre just sent it to us." Marseille picked up the garment from Paris. It was a red dress. The dress had no strapped and over the breasts was a red stripe in a solid red material that would wrap around the body, kind of like the red stripe on a candy cane.

Katina's smile widened as she looked at the dress, knowing that Marseille and Paris had indeed found the perfect dress.

"Mademoiselle Katina, sil vous plait allow me to help you," Paris said as she stepped towards Katina, "Marseille wait out front for us."

Katina allowed Paris to help her remove her cami and skirt. "Parfit, you always come here looking parfit." Paris ran her hands down Katina's body after helping her out of her clothing, arousing Katina.

"Um . . . Paris?" Katina said on a gasp. 

Paris stepped back from Katina, "You are right Mademoiselle. This is not the time. Here let me help you dress." Paris picked up the dress and held it up for Katina.

Katina stepped in front of the mirror after Paris had helped her dress. Katina was very happy with what she saw. The red stripe that covered her breasts wrapped around and covered her pussy as well, but her ass was only covered by the sheer material. 

"Oui, parfit!" exclaimed Paris as she walked to the door. Marseille was waiting for the girls to emerge from the dressing room. Paris stepped out and announced Katina's endurance.

"Damn girl!" Marseille said before he remembered to use French.

Katina giggled, "Well I guess that tells me how I look, merci beaucoup Marseille."

"I think that you will need a jacket with that if you want to wear it out of the mall. I know just the jacket." Paris walked over to one of the shelves and picked up a long red duster style jacket in the same red as the stripe in the dress. Katina paid for the dress and jacket and left the boutique with a promise to Marseille and Paris to tell them how the evening turns out.

On the way to her car she received a couple cat calls but that was nothing unusual for her when she had just bought something from her favorite store. As she sat down and turned on her car she looked at the time. It was now about six pm. She still had a lot of time. Maybe she would go home and put on some makeup and do her hair fancy.

Katina left a little earlier than she had originally planned as she was not sure exactly where the location on the note was located. It was exactly 8:35 when she pulled up. As she walked up to the house she was surprised by the elegance it had being that a college nerd had given her the address. Katina knocked softly on the door. Billy opened the door, and pulled Katina into a front entry way.

"This is how things are going to work. You are going to be blindfolded. You will not speak. You will do exactly what you are told to do without any hesitation. Understand."

"Yes."

"Good then we will start with having you take that jacket off."

Katina was starting to feel some fear. This was not what she was expecting to happen. This seemed like something out of a horror movie not the comedy she was expecting. Katina slide jacket down her arms and took it off. "Where should I put this?"

Billy took the jacket and hung it on a wall. Then he approached her again carrying a black blindfold. "Now you are silent and will do as you are told. I have a feeling that you will be quite popular." Billy tied the blindfold over Katina's eyes. "Come along whore."

Katina was drug into another room. This room was warmer than the one before it. She could hear the hum of voices but could not make any out. But there sounded to be women and men present. This did not seem so amusing anymore.

"This is K she is your treat for the night, she even dressed up all nice for you all. But I know how ready all of you are for her. Please remember the rules, no markings that will be permanent, no temporary markings where anyone can see them, and most importantly share her, if you get to greedy you will be asked to leave. As she is my find I will be the first to cum in her pussy, I am not ready to go yet so how about you all get better acquainted with K."

Katina tensed as the first hands touched her. They pulled off her dress. Then she felt a lot of hands on her. One hand on each nipple squeezing and tugging on it. There were hands on her ass, hands rubbing her stomach. Then she heard a voice say "lets pass her around instead of having all of us crowd her. Remember how we all took turns with Q before P cummed in her." Katina heard murmurs of approval then she was shoved into the hands of a man with strong hands. 

He proceeded to rub her nipples squeezing and tugging on them until she gasped. At the sound coming from her he passed her to the next person in the line. Katina was sure that this was a woman from the delicate feeling fingers that grasped her waist. She felt one of the hands leave her waist and move to her pussy. Two long fingers jabbed into her dry pussy. "Looks like someone will have to excite her yet. She is a dry as a bar on Sunday morning." Katina was mortified at the snickering from the men and women in the room. The woman removed her fingers from Katina's pussy then pushed her to the next person in the line. She was sure that this was a man; he picked her up and sat her on a table. She could feel his hands move to caress her breasts. As he was rubbing her breasts she felt a tongue dive into her pussy. Katina did not want to react to the many people, she wanted to stay dry, but as the tongue flicked her clit Katina felt her juices gush to her pussy.

The tongue left her pussy and a woman said, "I told you that works every time." As the woman was talking she slid a finger deep into Katina's pussy, "Oh she does have a nice pussy, B please come and fuck her I want to eat your cum out of her pussy."

At the woman's words the man playing with her breasts let them go and pushed her down on the cold table. She felt a couple hands on each leg spreading her wide open. The woman still had her finger deep inside Katina's pussy. Katina bit her lip to keep from moaning. Then very suddenly to Katina the finger was pulled from her pussy to be replaced with a hard thick cock head. The guy who she assumed was Billy rubbed his cock up and down her slit a couple times, spreading her moisture all around. Then he rammed his cock in. Katina was shocked by the size. It was incredibly thick but it was short. She figured it was maybe four inches long. She could feel his balls slapping against her ass. Katina felt her pussy being stretched by the girth of Billy's cock. With each thrust of his cock he was hitting the very edge of her g-spot making her moan loudly in pleasure. She had never known that such a short cock could be so nice. She was almost to an orgasm when she felt his seed spew inside her as he grunted. Billy pulled out and said "D suck me now!" Before Katina could register than Billy was having his cock sucked on to clean their mixed essences off the woman's tongue was back on her pussy. Katina started to scream as the woman's tongue flicked over her clit making her orgasm, then the woman inserted her tongue into Katina's slit lick as far into it as she could, eating out Billy's cum.

"Oh she tastes so good," the woman said as she moved back from Katina. As she laid there savoring the feeling of her orgasm rolling threw her body Katina was instructed to open her mouth. As she did as she was told Katina felt a thin long cock slam her mouth and throat. The man kept thrusting his cock deep into her mouth and throat as a second man slammed his cock into her pussy. This cock was thick and long, he slammed it mercilessly into her pussy. As Katina tried to scream form the pain, the man with his cock in her mouth came hard gagging her with his come. 

Katina could hear the people in the room laughing at her. She was mortified to be at these peoples mercies. While an unknown man was pounding her pussy Katina had the thought that the extra credit was not worth this.

The man on top of Katina rolled them over so that her ass was open for anyone. Katina felt something warm and moist start to hit her ass. Someone was coming on her ass. As the man quit coming on her, a cock jammed into her ass, using the come as a lubricant.

Someone grabbed her right hand at the same times as someone else grabbed her left hand. Her hands were shoved against a pair of pussies. One was hairy and barely moist. The other was trimmed and so wet her legs were also covered with moisture. Katina was shocked; she was taking a cock in both her pussy and ass and was also getting two women off. The pleasure in her pussy was getting to be unbelievable. Katina started to scream with her orgasm. He pussy squeezing the cock in her tight, while at the same time her ass clenched. The tight squeezing of the cocks in her ass and pussy caused the two men to come inside her. Seeing the two men come seemed to make the women come as well.

As Katina laid alone on the table, come covering her ass and pussy she could hear murmuring then she was hit by multiple shots of come covered her body. Katina was covered from the top of her head to her ankles in come; it did not appear that anyone in the room had a foot fetish at least.

Billy started to speak, "Want to know what this bitch did earlier?" He paused, "Earlier this afternoon she blackmailed a professor into giving her extra credit. Well I saw what happened and blackmailed her. But I decided that our using her would not be punishment enough. I thought of the football guys . . . they were fun when we had them, but no. I went to the professor and invited him. Everyone please meet JJ, he has some plans for K but needs some help. Nothing violent just kinky and a little mean to K, he knows the rules."

Katina started to cry, knowing that her life was probably never going to be the same. Katina could hear Jonathan talking in the room softly, but she could not hear what he was saying through all of her tears and sobs. Some one pulled her off of the table and held her arms high over her head; she was guessing that it was the same guy that had put her on the table. Katina's breathing became erratic as her hands were tied above her, then her legs were spread and her feet tied as well.

"Ok. The next step is to get her so hot she cannot do anything. I figured that to do this we would take turns playing with her, but do not let her come, I am sure that you all know how to do that." Jonathan paused for a couple seconds then said, "D I could see earlier that you are a good cock sucker made me wonder if you were by chance as good of a fucker. I think you should come over her and climb on."

Someone with thick fingers started to play with her pussy. Rubbing her clit and occasionally slipping his finger into her slit. Katina felt a fresh stream of her juices cost her pussy. As the person was turning her on, Katina could hear the sounds of sex about the room. Katina started to moan with pleasure. The finger left her pussy and a mouth started to move on her nipple. When she had calmed down someone would tease her to the edge again. Katina felt as if she had been teased for hours, she was so aroused that she was whimpering and crying when Jonathan finally told everyone that it was time to finish.

Katina was untied and forced onto her hands and knees. Her hair was pulled making her head go forward, burying her mouth and nose into a drenched come filled pussy. Knowing what was expected of her Katina started to lick right away. As she was licking the pussy Katina felt a cock violate her pussy. She was pretty sure that it was Jonathan; she had not forgotten what his cock felt like. The woman seemed to be either pushed or pulled away from her. Some thing cold pressed against her ass, before she could gasp something long and thick was pushed into her. Katina felt like crying in pleasure and pain. Her ass was being stretched so badly it burned, yet her pussy was practically humming with pleasure. As she came against Jonathan's cock Katina opened her mouth to scream but could barely moan. Jonathan followed Katina into sexual oblivion. 

When Jonathan pulled out of her, Katina was told by Billy to get up. He pulled her into a bathroom and told her to put her dress on, but not to clean any of the come off of herself. When he let her leave the bathroom, after sucking him off again, only Jonathan was left in the room of her violation.

Jonathan was holding a pool cue. Katina instantly knew what had been in her ass. "I still don't think that you deserve extra credit. And you see I have all this on video. I may still have to give you the extra credit this one time. But you belong to Me now. You will do anything I want when ever I want it." Jonathan walked over to Katina and told her to "Go home, take a shower and wait for your next instructions.

Katina practically ran from the house to her car crying. She could not believe what had been done to her.