 Background

My husband is a soldier, and he's one month into his third deployment, Iraq twice, and now Afghanistan. Before he left for this last tour he shared something with me that didn't make me very happy, but I guess the more we discussed it the more it did kind of make sense to me. He knows I'm very needy when it comes to sex, and so is he. That was one of the things that attracted us to each other before we were married. We were fucking like bunnies on our first date, and I loved the things Josh "made" me do, like when he told me pull my top down while driving on the highway so truckers could see my naked tits. I didn't do it at first, but only because I thought he wouldn't really want me doing something like that without at least putting up a little resistance. But then when I did it and a few truckers saw my naked tits I loved it. And so did Josh. He had his cock out and was stroking it as I was showing off, so I surprised him by pulling off my shorts and panties in addition to showing my tits. Then I put my legs up on the dashboard while playing with my pussy for the trucker looking at me. Then Josh sped off leaving the guy hanging. I was loving it, and Josh said he knew I was hot because he would smell my pussy scent in the car. When we exited the highway to come home as we were stopped at a traffic light a bus pulled up next to us so I put my legs back down onto the floorboard and started to cover myself.

"Are they looking at you, Susan?" he asked, still stroking his cock.

"Yeah, they are," I said, looking up to see several passengers staring down at my tits..

"Then do it again. Leave your tits out and put your legs back up on the dash so they can see your pussy while you stroke it."

"Oh God," I moaned, but I did as he asked, and when I saw a young man sticking his tongut out, moving it like he was eating me I came... and so did Josh!

Between his deployments we did a lot of experimenting with all kinds of sex. I sucked Josh's cock whenever he wanted me to, of course...did I mention how much I love eating cum? I do. I think it's the hottest thing ever to have a guy come in your mouth, or on your face, and to swallow it while he watches. Josh love to have me do that for him. He eats me, too, and sometimes when I come hard enough I squirt on his face and in his mouth. A few times I've even peed on him, and him on me, but that was just to see what it was like. It really didn't do much for me. Just felt like warm water splashing on me. No big deal.

So when Josh told me about a couple of the woman he served with in Iraq and what they'd been doing with the men over there I guess I wasn't all that surprised by it. Hell, it even made me a little envious of them. Josh said they were total sluts, and when he told me how much they loved getting gangbanged I asked him if he fucked them, too. 

"Well sure, baby. All the guys fuck them, but it's just something to do," he said. "You know... like jerking off, only using a mouth or a pussy or an asshole on our dicks instead of our hands. Just like when you fuck yourself with your vibrators. It's really no big deal," he said. "You know how horny I am, and it's not like these women mean anything to any of us, or us to them. Hell, most of the time they don't even know the names of the men banging them. It's just sport fucking. You know... like golf or bowling, but fucking instead," Josh said.

I asked him how he would feel if I fucked someone while he was away, and he shocked me with his reply.

"Actually, I guess I just assumed you WERE fucking guys, babe," he said. "As long as you don't fall for any of them or get knocked-up, and just do it for sex not love, I'm fine with it. Hell, I'd even love it if you could take a video or send me photos of you sucking some dude's cock or fucking him. I could jerk off to the photos, and maybe even share them with the guys in my unit. I'd be proud as hell to show you off to my buddies. Some of the guys have started sharing pictures of their wives with all of us, and it's hot as hell to see them. They say their wives like knowing they're 'on display' for all of us, and I I would love to let the guys see you like that, you know? Naked, with your big tits on display for everyone, sucking some guy's cock or getting pounded by some big dick. FUCK that would be hot, baby. I'm so proud of you, and it's not like you'd have to be seeing any of these guys any time soon. Or even if you did after I got out maybe we could have some threesomes or something, like we talk about all the time."

"Yeah, but that's just fantasy talk, Josh. I didn't think you were serious."

"I wasn't, before. But now that I've participated in a few gangbangs and see how hot it makes the women I think it's something I'd like for you, too, honey. Believe me, these sluts we're fucking really get off on getting gangbanged, Susan. You should hear how loud they scream, begging for "more cocks" and "more cum." I bet you would, too, baby," Josh said, stroking my 36D tits. We were in bed having sex when he was telling me all this, so I guess that helped me to accept it better. Besides, I didn't have much choice. I wasn't going to divorce him over something as trivial as what he described to me. It's not like he was having an affair or something. And I knew he wasn't going to stop now that he'd been fucking these whores. So I just told him it did sound pretty hot, and I'd think about it."

"So you're okay with me still fucking these skanks, right, Susan?" he asked, and I told him I was, as long as he was okay if I fucked around a little, too.

"Okay with it, baby? I WANT you to fuck other guys, and I want you to send me the pics and maybe a video of it to show the guys. Will you do that for me, Susan? Will you be a total fucking porn star for me and my mates?"

By then Josh was hard as a rock and fucking me like crazy, and I was so hot thinking about what it would be like to fuck some guy on video and have it seen by the guys in his group I said I'd do it, not thinking it would ever REALLY happen. But it did...

Chapter 1. The photographer

We'd bought an older home and had some remodeling done by a builder, so when he called and asked if he could come out and take some photos of the work he'd done for us to use in his promotional materials I said of course, proud that our kitchen and bathroom might be on display in an ad or magazine.

That night lying in bed I remembered what Josh had said about maybe fucking some guy and having pictures taken of me doing it for Josh and his buds to see. Then I thought about how good looking our builder is, and by the time I'd finished masturbating and fucking myself with my vibrator and cock I knew I was going to try to seduce Jake, our builder.

The morning Jake was due to arrive I got up, showered, and put on a little short black skirt, a black lace thong, and a thin tank top with no bra so my big tits would be more obvious. Jake had always kind of flirted with me when the remodeling work was going on, so I knew it shouldn't be too hard to seduce him. He's maybe in his late-30's or early-40's, with longish dark brown hair, a hard body and very sexy blue eyes. I'd say he's probably around six foot two or so, and very well built. In other words, he's a hunk, and he has a reputation of being a chick magnet. He's got bucks, is single, and drives a big-ass pickup truck.

When the doorbell rang it triggered a flood of dampness in my cunt, and I felt my nipples hardening a little. Then I went downstairs and let Jake in.

As he took photos of our kitchen first, and then our master bedroom bath we conversed about various things. Then I said I wanted to ask him for a favor. 

"Anything for you, babe. Like what?" he asked, staring at my tits, then back up to my face with this sexy grin on his face.

"Have you ever taken any pictures of your girlfriends in... well... in lingerie?" I asked.

"Sure. Who hasn't? Why, Susan?" he smiled, staring at me with those sexy blue eyes of his.

"Well," I breathed, feeling my nipples aching and my cunt dripping. "Josh said he'd love me to email him some pictures of me in some of my lingerie to use when... well... you know," I said. "To look at when he's playing with himself," I breathed. "So... would you, Jake? Please? I've taken selfies with my phone, but you have a great camera, so I was wondering... Do you think I'm pretty?" I asked, feeling heat building in my pussy.

"That's not a word I'd use to describe you, Susan," he said. "Pretty is what little girls are, not women. And you're most definitely a woman," he smiled, staring at my stiff nipples under the thin top I was wearing.

"What word WOULD you use, Jake?" I breathed, pulling back my shoulders a little more, letting him know I knew he was looking at my tits.

"Well..." he began..."If I only had one word to use to describe you I think I'd select 'desirable.' Otherwise I'd have to use more words," he grinned again, his eyes sparkling.

"What other words?" I said softly, my pussy growing wetter now, tingling.

"Well... let's see... attractive. Sexy. Beautiful in a very sensuous way. You have extremely seductive eyes, Susan," he said. 

"If you saw me in a bar would you try to pick me up?" I asked, the heat in my pussy growing more intense. I was trembling with the excitement of what I knew I was trying to do.

"God yes! Any man would," he said, and I noticed movement in his jeans, down there, where the outline of his cock began to be apparent.

"And if I brought you home with me would you... would you FUCK me?"

"Well of course I would, and anything else you'd want," he grinned.

"Okay, look. Here's the situation Jake," I began. "I was thinking that since you're here, and you have that camera, maybe..."

"Maybe I could take some bedroom shots of you for Josh?" 

"Yeah. Could you? Would you?" I asked.

"I'd be happy to, Susan. But..."

"But what?" I asked.

"Well... I'm only human. If I take those kinds of photos of you I might get pretty worked up and want to do more than just take pictures of you," he said softly, his cock clearly growing now.

"What would you want to do to me?" I asked, my cunt sopping now.

"You know what I'd want to do to you, Susan, " he said, grinning at me. "Tell me. What do you think I'd want to do to you?"

"You'd want to fuck me. Or have me suck your cock, right?" I asked, moving toward him. When he didn't move I said, "and you'd want me to run my tongue over this." Then I placed my hand over his cock and said, "And you'd want to put this in my cunt and fuck me, right? Isn't that right?"

"God yes!" he hissed. 

"Then let's go upstairs and you can do all of that to me while you take my pictures. I didn't mention it yet, but Josh would like to see me in a porn video, too. Not just pictures. Could we set your camera on the dresser and shoot a video of us... of me sucking and fucking you, Jake? It's Josh's idea. Could we? Please?" I grinned. 

"Lead the way," he said, and I did.

Chapter 2. Fucking for Josh

In our bedroom when I was naked Jake asked put on whatever lingerie I thought Josh would like to see me wearing, so I selected a pair of thigh high black lace stockings, a black garter belt, and a pair of black lace crotchless panties. While watching me getting dressed in the lingerie, Jake began undressing as well. 

Then he walked over next to me on the bed, set the camera down and unbuckled his belt, unsnapped his jeans, and stepped out of them. I gasped when he removed his black bikini underwear and stepped out of the sexy briefs. When he tossed them on the bed next to me as he began taking off his shirt, I picked up his underwear and sniffed it, then took into my mouth and sucked it. It was sweaty, and his male scent and taste assaulted my senses which only helped further inflame my already swollen clit and wet cunt. And then he was naked.

"Ummm," I moaned, taking his cock in my mouth, gently fondling his balls as he picked up the camera and began taking photos of me sucking his dick. I couldn't wait. I lay back on the bed and spread my legs, holding my wet cunt open for him and the camera. "Fuck me. Now! Please!" I gasped, watching as his cock began to curl upward when he moved toward my wide-open thighs. A drop of pre-cum goo glistened on the tip of his cock and when he rubbed the crown of his dick over my clit he fired the flash on the camera and I cried out.

"Oh God, put it in me!" I gasped.

"No condom?" he asked.

"NO! I WANT JOSH TO SEE YOUR CREAMPIE OOZING OUT OF MY CUNT!" I wailed. 

"I'm gonna switch to video for this," he grinned, fiddling with the camera settings. Then he aimed it down at my pussy with the red light on the camera flashing as he slid into me, deeply, his long, thick cock filling me like Josh never had. Jake was two or three inches longer than Josh, much thicker, and I could immediately feel the difference.

"Oh MY GOD! I LOVE YOUR COCK!" I wailed, raising my legs high in the air, grabbing his tight ass cheeks, pulling him deeper into me.

"Jesus you're so fucking WET, Susan!" he moaned, pounding into me as the camera continued to record a video of our lovemaking, or rather I should say of our FUCKING!

"I LOVE THIS! I LOVE FUCKING ANOTHER MAN OTHER THAN MY HUSBAND!" I screeched. "THIS IS SO SLUTTY! SO FUCKING SLUTTY!" I screamed. "You taking PICTURES of your COCK sliding in and out of my nasty CUNT! I LOVE ITTTTT!" I screamed, coming already. 

Jake was coming already then, too, pressing into me as hard as he could, his long, thick cock poking at the back of my pussy, hot spurts of cum shooting into me, and with each new explosion of cum gushing into me I came again, rubbing my clit now, over and over as he filled me with what felt like a pint of hot cum. 

"Damn! That was fast!" he gasped.

"It's what I wanted. Can you take video of your cum oozing out of my pussy for my husband?" I asked. And he got off me, aimed the camera at my wet cunt and began doing exactly that.

Lying there with this stranger's cum oozing out of me I wondered if Josh would really share my photos and this video with his buddies. If so I was going to give him a good show. Jake had turned off the video and was taking pictures of my oozing pussy, so I said, "Can you take more videos of us?" I asked.

"Yeah sure," he said.

"Then come here," I said, and he moved over next to me. He knelt next to my face, making sure the camera could see me as he fed me his cock, and I smiled at the camera and stuck out my tongue, showing Jake's cock lying on it. Then I leaned under him and licked his sweaty balls as Jake groaned. 

"Look, baby! I'm licking his BALLS! I'll do this for all your buddies, too, if you bring them home for me, Josh," I said to the camera, looking right at it, hoping all Josh's guys would be watching the video of me. Then for the next several minutes Jake took videos of me doing all kinds of nasty things to him. I sucked his cock. I licked his balls, then sucked his cock again. 

"How nasty do you want to get, Susan?" he asked.

"Anything. I'll do anything," I gasped, masturbating now, feeling his cum oozing from my pussy.

He pulled a chair over and set the camera on it, then got back onto the bed, on his knees so I could spread his ass cheeks and the camera could capture a video of me licking his ass crack. Oh my fucking God I was so hot then, and I discovered I even loved his scent there, too, so sweaty and musky, and I buried my face in his ass, not caring whether it could be seen or not, just wanted to taste his acrid ass sweat, feeling more slutty than I'd ever felt before and loving the feeling as I dug my tongue into his asshole. And still I wanted more. More nasty acts. Filthy acts. And the more nasty things he suggested we do, the more I loved it. He even had me get into the tub and he pissed all over me and I got off on that, too!

We spent the rest of the morning with me doing anything Jake asked of me and him taking photos and videos of it. Then he said he had another appointment, but said he'd return that night after work with a DVD of what we'd done that I could send to Josh. I told him that would be great, then said Josh had another request, but I wasn't sure how to arrange it.

"What was it?" Jake asked.

"Well... he said it would be really hot to see a video of me getting gangbanged. I know you work with a bunch of hot studs, Jake. Do you think you could get some of them to come over and fuck me with you?" I asked, shamelessly reaching down to rub my clit as I said words I didn't ever think would come out of my mouth.

"Are you serious?" Jake grinned.

"Very, Jake. So could you?"

"How many guys would you want, Susan?" he asked.

"As many as you want to bring, Jake. I'm so hot these days I'd fuck an entire room full of guys if you could find them for me!" I said, close to coming again just from thinking about it.

"Then I'll do it. I play poker with six to eight guys on Thursdays. Today is Thursday, so maybe we could all come over tonight instead."

I told Jake that would be perfect, and he said he'd arrange it. And he did.

Chapter 3. A gangbang for my husband

After Jake left I didn't even bother getting out of bed... I just lay there masturbating and eating what was left of Jake's cum still oozing out of my scummy cunt. I've never EVER been as hot as I was that afternoon, and that night when I heard the doorbell ring I was so hot I could barely make it to the door to let the guys in my legs were so rubbery from coming so much.

"Hi guys," I grinned, opening the door for them while still wearing the sexy lingerie. "Come on in. I can't wait to entertain all of you."

I counted nine guys including Jake, and as soon as they were all in the house I just turned and walked up the steps to my bedroom and crawled into bed, lying on my back propped up on a pillow as they filed into the room behind me. Then I started rubbing my cunt again and said, "I guess Jake told you what I want, right? While he takes videos of us I want you to do anything you want to me as long as it's hot and nasty. This video will be sent to my husband for him to see what a slut he married, but I'm doing this shit at his request so make it hot, okay? He's going to show the video to the guys he's serving with in Afghanistan, so you'll be doing your Patriotic duty to give the guys some great jerkoff material, okay?" I grinned, watching them getting naked, my heart pounding as my pussy began growing wet again. And then they were all over me as Jake took videos of me sucking and fucking all of them...

By the time the guys left I was coated in cum and piss, and their nasty jism was leaking out of all the holes in my body. I looked like a fucking wet, slippery glazed donut with tits, and I couldn't wait for Josh and his guys to see the video. 

Fortunately Jake was able to create a DVD for me with all the things I'd done with him and is friends that day so I could post the videos online if I wanted, so that night I signed onto my computer and visited a site Jake told me about where I could upload the videos. I started the process then took a shower while they were uploading. God did I ever need one. I was slimy and stinky and more sexually drained than I ever had been before. And I loved how I felt, knowing this was who I really was, deep down... a total fucking slut who loved all kinds of depraved sex. I also knew this wouldn't be the last time I behaved like I had that day, and I loved knowing that I'd be repeating my slutty activities as often as I could from now on. Besides, my parents are dead, and I'm an only child so I didn't have any family members to worry about finding out what a fucking pig I'd become, and Josh HAD asked me to do it for him, so I was fucking home free to do anything I wanted, and now that I'd tried and loved it that is exactly what I was going to do.
