 It was a Friday night and I had invited some friends round to just chill out. We all wanted to have a blast on my latest Playstation game.

I have known Darren, Tony and Steven since high school and it was great to hang with them again. With our different jobs we have, we all do not spend much time together.

My girlfriend Leanne was hoping to have a quiet night in with me. I could tell that she was annoyed. The looks she was giving me as she passed by.

Darren, Tony, Steven and I got down to some serious game playing. 

Leanne gave me a wicked look and whispered to me.

"I'm going to punish you for neglecting me baby".

She headed to the bathroom to take a shower.

Leanne is 5.1" and is a lovely Latin lady with a great figure. She has these sweet round breasts. That you could caress for hours. With long black hair that she loves to have stroked and pulled when we make love. However, my favourite feature of her body is her sweet pussy. She has a rather large clit surrounded by the sweetest juiciest lips. 

I did not give Leanne's remark a second thought. I went back to having a laugh with my friends. 

Leanne was done with her shower. She walked across the telly in front of my friends and me. She headed to our bedroom. She had her thigh length dressing gown on that I had brought her for a gift. Giving us a flash of her creamy tanned thighs. 

This shocked me a little for Leanne was quite shy at times.

Darren whistled at her. 

Leanne gets to the bedroom and closes the door.

Darren turns to me and says " Sorry couldn't help it mate your lady is very sexy" 

I agreed with him and said, "Yep She is a lovely looking woman."

I head to the kitchen to get some more beers for my friend's and me.

Tony shouted out "what about some snacks to Rob."

Darren and Steven agree with him.

"All this beer and no food"

I looked at them and said, "Dam you guys are a pain in the ass, Leanne will make snacks when she comes out of bed room."

Darren being the loudest said, " I wouldn't mind snacking on Leanne"

I replied to him saying, "Yeah" in your dream's my friend.

We all laugh at each other.

Hearing the laughter Leanne comes out of the bedroom and says. "You having fun boys?"

The room falls silent as we turn to look at her.

She was dressed in her half shirt that shows off her sweet belly button. She had on her favourite mini skirt. 

I call her over to me and kiss her on the lips.

"You look great babes" 

She smiles and says "Don't I always honey" and winks at me.

I asked her if she would mind cooking up some snacks for my friends and I. 

She shakes her head and starts to the kitchen. She looks back at us with that wicked sexy look on her face that she loved to do when she was horny for me. I sit there wondering if she's planning to make one of her fantasies come true it has long been a fantasy of Leanne's to be taken by two or more men. 

I head to the kitchen to see how Leanne was doing with our snacks.

I wanted to know what she was up to and what she had in mind.

She looks at me with lust filled eyes as I enter the kitchen. 

At that point, I felt a little guilty. I had been neglecting her for the last week. I have been very busy at work with a new customer and the stress of it all has meant our sex life has suffered. I realized then that Leanne could not control her sexual needs for much longer.

I put my hands around her waist, brush her hair to the side, and kiss her on the neck. She smelled so great. She had on the perfume that I love.

She says," Robbie" I'm so hot and needing and with your friends being here it seems like a ideal moment to…" she pause's in mid sentence and looks deep at me with those lust filled eyes. Almost as if accepting me to know what she has in mind?

By this I am getting quite aroused I know exactly what she has in mind. We have talked about our fantasies but I never thought she would want to make it come true.

I pulled her closer to me kissing her on the lips trying to push my tongue in to her mouth. As I do she pushes me away.

Leanne says, "That is enough baby" I'm going to make you feel just how I've felt this last week referring to the lack of attention from me this past week.

I head back to join my friends. Feeling a little excited and guilty at the same time for neglecting Leanne for so long. 

My friends look at me and said, "Oh man" where's the snacks"

I said, "On its way soon you're in for a treat."

I sit down in the armchair and shortly after Leanne comes in carrying a tray full of snacks. She walks past my friends and over to me in the armchair and bends. She lowers the tray to offer me first pick of the snacks. She leans over giving my friends an eyeful of her shaved smooth pussy from behind. Her mini skirt lifted up her bottom. Leanne hated wearing panties she liked to feel free under her skirt.

I looked at her and tried to say something but she puts her finger on my lips and whispers "baby it will be fun trust me." With that I nod my head knowingly there's no turning back now. She is in this sex crazed mood. I could not stop her.

She heads over to Darren, Steve and Tony they were on the sofa. She bends in front of them offering snacks. You can see her lovely cleavage. My friends were like owls just starting at her. I can see by the bulges in their jeans that they were getting quite aroused from these flashes of skin from Leanne.

Darren cheekily leans forward a little, puts his hand on Leanne's leg, and runs it up her skirt on to her bottom.

" Mmm what nice smooth hands you have," Leanne purrs at him in that sexy way of hers.

Then steps away to turn and bend to put the tray down on the floor giving them a full view of her hot pussy from behind. She turns and looks at them and says, 

"Well what you think of your snacks so far boys."

My friends look at me in the armchair as if asking if it ok to take matters into there own hands.

I looked back and said to them, "My lady's on fire. It is going to take more then just I to see to her needs tonight."

With this, they do not waste any time. They stood up and started to caress her their hands all over Leanne. She lets out a soft moan.

Steven starts to unbutton her shirt first. Bringing his mouth to her breasts as the last button comes undone and her shirt falls to the floor. He kisses them all over then brings his hands up to cup them as his tongue circles around her nipples. From one then the other. I notice the effect this has on Leanne as her head goes back. She moans softly her nipples getting ever harder and erect as Stevens hungry mouth gets to work on them.

Tony is standing behind her, caressing her back, and kissing her Neck. I know what effect this must be having on Leanne being kissed over her Neck sends her wild. Darren as undressed and is slowly stroking his hard cock enjoying the sight of what's unfolding in front of him. I knew Darren was very hung from when we used to shower at school after sports. However, I never seen him hard and aroused and well he was huge. I felt a little sorry for Leanne and wondered if she would be able to take such a huge cock.

Steven and Tony are still kissing and caressing Leanne all over and now have her completely naked and at there mercy to do with her what they please. Tony and Steven step back and waste no time in getting undressed. Leanne drops to her knees in front of them. The excitement of what is about to come making her feel all weak and light headed with intense pleasure. She looks up at the three cocks. They needed some attention. She starts to lick her lips.

She moves forward and begins to lick up and down Steven's hard shaft even thou his not the longest. He is very thick and has a very thick swollen head.

Leanne has trouble closing her hand around his shaft as she licks around the rim of his Knob. She licks a big drop of pre cum from his head then gently sucks his knob before pulling her self away to cast another look at Darren's cock.

"Mmm" she purred "That's a beast of a cock I wonder if I can get it all in my tight pussy."

She moves over to Darren and tells him to lye down across the coffee table.

Darren lies down. She lifts her leg over him.

I notice how wet her pussy has become and it had started to drip down her creamy thighs. 

She lowers her self down allowing Darren's hard upright shaft to rub between her pussy lips as she gets down she lets out a loud moan, and looks over at me.

Feeling very frustrated and left out. 

She says, "Now do you feel how I've been feeling this last week." 

I said with a sheepish look on my face "yes baby"

She reaches down, takes hold of Darren's huge cock, and gently starts to guide his Knob in to her wet pussy. She lowers her self down some more taking more of Darren's length in to her tight pussy. She takes a deep breath then lowers down all the way till Darren is all the way in her, and rests they're a minute letting her pussy adjust to his size.

Tony and Steven are patiently watching and stroking.

Her moans of pleasure full the room I can stand no more of this torture and take my cock out and start stroking as she starts to ride up and down on Darren's cock. Its looks so erotic as I take in the view of my girlfriend riding such a huge cock I watch how her juicy lips trace along Darren's long shaft and flicker over his knob has his cock slides in and out of her wet slick pussy. Leanne arches her back and throws her head back and lets out a loud wild scream 

"Oh yeah make my pussy cream Darren." 

Her pussy cream sprays out and runs down Darren's shaft coating his shaft and balls in her sweet juices

She looks up at Tony and Steven and says to them "Well boys, I have two more holes free don't just stand there stroking them fuck sticks put them to use on me."

I was like in shock at that point I could not believe what I was seeing and hearing. 

Steven gets behind her and Tony stands in front.

"Hang on a minute boys" she says. Then turns and looks at me and says 

"Robbie sweetie can you get the anal lube for me."

I get it from the bedroom and returns and hands it to Steven.

Leanne looks at me with that wicked look and says, "Baby no I want you to lube me up."

I obey as I do not want to be punished, any longer then what she's planning if I didn't do as she told me

I squirt a dollop of lube over my fingers as Steven spreads her sweet ass cheeks open I coat the lube over her ass moving my fingers down over her crack down to her pussy. Feeling how stretched her pussy is round Darren's cock then picking up some of her pussy cream that's coating Darren's shaft on my fingers then moving my hands back up to her ass and putting a finger in her sweet anus. She lets out a moan.

"Mmm baby" make my ass hole wet and ready for Stevens thick cock." 

Steven take's some of the lube and begins to coat it over his thick veiny cock as I work a second finger in to Leanne's ass. I turn to Steven taking another look at his cock and say.

"Be gentle mate." 

He wink's "Don't worry she will be screaming uncontrollably with pleasure once I've got started."

Steven takes hold of his shaft, nudges his knob on her anus, and gently pushes his knob in to her just letting his knob rest in her as her ass stretches to his thickness. Leanne screams as the pleasure floods over her body. She grabs hold of Tony's cock and pulls him to her cock hungry mouth. Her moans escaping from her cock filled mouth as Steven pushes his thick cock into her deeper.

I sit down and start stroking my neglected cock as I watched my sexy girlfriend taken in all three holes. The sounds and smells of sex filled the air.

Steven is fucking into her ass long and hard. The force of his thrusts causing her to rock up and down on Darren's long cock and pushing Tony's cock deeper down her throat with each thrust from Steven. Moans are escaping from her cock filled mouth as she nears another orgasm. She pulls Tony's cock out her mouth to say,

"Oh yes" feels so fucking good." 

She screams out as her body shakes and she lets her self go this orgasm seems to last for ever. Steven and Darren let her catch her breath for a minute but little do they realize there's no time for resting when Leanne is sexed up and horny. 

She shouts at Steven and Darren to fuck harder

"Darren I want you to full my pussy with your cumm", 

"Steven I want you to spray your cumm over my ass and back."

Steven takes hold of her hips and starts ramming in to her ass as fast and hard as he can

Darren lifts her bottom up a little and thrusts in and out of her pussy for all his worth. Nice long thrusts just how she likes it. 

They pick up a good rhythm together, working together like a well-oiled fucking machine. The sweat poured off them. There moans filling the air.

Steven is the first to reach his climax he lets out a grunt

"I'm cumin" 

He pulls out of her ass. His cum squirting over her ass and back just as he was told to do. This sends Leanne over the edge and she begins to cumm again. As she does Darren bucks wildly and starts to shoot his cream deep in to her pussy 

"Mmm" full my aching pussy with your hot cumm" Leanne screams out. 

Tony unable to control himself any longer sprays his cumm over Leanne's face and tits. She holds her tongue out catching some of his thick white cumm in her mouth then pulls him closer to suck the last drops of cum from him.

Leanne looks up at me making sure I am looking at her and lifts her self up from Darren letting his huge cock plop out of her pussy. His cumm drips out of her over stretched pussy. She catch's some on her hands and brings it up to her mouth to taste Darren's cum before rubbing the rest over her breasts mixing it with Tony's cum. Rubbing there cream into her breasts and over her belly.

She stands and looks at me completely covered in cum and says, 

"Now you promise never to neglect me again."

I nod my head and said, "Sure honey" 

She winks at me and says, "Ok baby you come to the shower with me and help me get cleaned up" 

I started to look down at my ready to burst hard on. 

She says, "Ill take care of that little problem for you to."

I began to follow her to the bathroom and started to get undressed as she got in the shower. I join her looking at her body up and down. I brought my hand up to her breast. I start to caress her hard erect nipples bringing my mouth to hers. She wraps her arms around me and runs her hands down my back to squeeze my ass.

As she is squeezing my bottom, I start to kiss between her breasts making my way down to her belly. She starts to moan telling me to "Lick her pussy clean." Making my way down more I take my tongue and trace her belly button. She places her hands on my head to guide it more down to her pussy I start to lick down over her mound. She spreads more by lifting her leg up and placing it on the shower shelf. I run my tongue over her lips I notice how stretched her pussy is from Darren's huge cock and the unmistakable smell and taste of fresh cum. I run my tongue up between her pussy lips she moans out 

"Yes baby lick my pussy clean."

I started to run my tongue up over her aroused clit. I then began to circle my tongue round it. Sucking her sweet bud in to my mouth, she pushes her hands harder on my head. I suck harder and then started to stroke my tongue over her clit. She lets out a loud moan as she cum's. She lifts me up kissing me on the lips and said.

"Thank you lover for letting my fantasy come true."

She turns her back to me, Looks over her shoulder.

"Now you can fuck me sexy."

My rock hard cock slides in to her pussy easily I reach round and start to roll her big erect clit between my fingers. As I thrust long and hard in to her well used pussy.

"Ooh Baby I'm about to cum." I shout out.

"Not in my pussy baby I want to swallow you."

She turns round dropping to her knees and starts to suck on my knob while stroking my shaft.

"Mmm I'm cumin suck me dry."

I lift her up look at her with cum dripping from her mouth on to her breasts. And think to myself I'm so lucky to have found such a highly sexed lady.

I take the shower gel and finish cleaning her up. Then we joined my friends back in front room. They were all recharged and ready to go another round. Well lets just say Leanne was well used many times by the time my friends where ready to leave.