 The girls came stumbling home from the bachelorette party at 2am. The hotel suite high above Las Vegas erupted with a blend of loud giggles and hushed whispers. Mike and I had ended an awkward night gambling at 11pm. We were both just tag along dates for a destination wedding weekend and had zero in common. It was the slow season and with the bad economy renting the lavish two bedroom suite saved us all money. 

There was something about Vegas. Maybe it was the pure O2 they pumped into the casino but for two hours I had been eagerly waiting for Catherine to get back to the room so I could ravage her. It felt like an eternity laying there on the plush hotel bed. Slowly the noise from the living room faded and the fullness of my swollen penis returned in anticipation of release. 

The door opened and my eyes slowly processed the silhouette of the naked body standing in the door with the dim living room behind her. Her large, full breasts strained defying gravity as the pronounced nippled pointed upward. The shadows accentuated the curves of her slim waist and her full hips. The lines of her pelvis perfectly framed the small tuft of pubic hair between her legs. 

Her long red hair flowed over her shoulders and the angles of her body transformed and shifted in the darkness as she closed the door behind her. My manhood felt like it could explode from the visual stimulation alone. I was awash with hormones. There was only one small detail standing in the way...

"Um, where is Catherine?" I asked trying to sound casual as my eyes strained to adjust in the darkness to see the naked body of my girlfriend's best-friend. "She is going to take care of Mike tonight, if you don't mine settling for me." My brain froze as I heard the reply. 

A series of calculated thoughts began racing through my head tangled in with a blend of confusion and excitement. They always argued about who's boyfriend was bigger. It must be a close comparison. Maggie and Mike had been together since high school. It must be safe. Catherine has slept with only two people. I told her someday she could experiment. Mike is black. Does that really even matter. 

Before my brain could finish processing Maggie was standing at the bed within my reach. The faint light from the alarm clock was enough to reveal every detail of her body. The curves of her body were soft, her nipples were large and hard and I began to feel consumed with lust. 

She leaned down me as I sat up on the bed and our lips connected. The were warm and gentle and her tongue slid naturally into my mouth. She tasted like banana and I needed to consume all of her. I pulled her on the bed and she urgently pulled my t-shirt over my head. She moaned as her hands explored my toned physique. Desire radiated from her and fueled my confidence and ego. 

With one strong motion I moved her to the center of the bed and rolled on top of her. Her hands drifted down under my loosely tied pajama pants and she firmly grasped by engorged member. Maggie let out a soft "mmmm" as my hot breath landed on her neck. I touched the tip for my tongue to her smooth skin and then our lips met. She began to stroke me and I stopped her as my kisses moved down to her collar bone and breasts. 

Large breasts were new to me and I was mystified by them. I traced around her left nipple with my tongue. I gently blew on the wetness I had left on her skin and her nippled lengthened. I needed to please her. Every urge in my body wanted to taste her and feel her wetness explode in my mouth. I suppressed the urge and explored her magnificent body with my mouth. 

My hands wandered until they arrived at her wetness. Her eager moan encouraged my motions and I carefully massaged the soft folds around her clitoris. The sounds she made became more urgent and I moved my mouth to her inner thigh. Pausing my hand work I traced up her thigh with the tip of my tongue gently grazing her swollen parts. I wanted to tease. To make the moment last all night. Re-moistening my mouth I traced down the line of her pelvis and through her pubic hair. I found her spot and embraced it with a playful flutter from my tongue.

Pausing I let a warm breath fall onto her body and her back arched slightly. Moving my tongue deliberately against her flesh I circled her wet parts eagerly adjusting my technique to each clue her movement provided. It was a matter of minutes before her hips began convulsing uncontrollably and she let out a long muffled series of gasps and passionate moans. I moved in rhythm with her thrusts until breathing heavily she placed her hand on my head. 

"Fuck me" she panted softly as she placed her hand under my chin and guided my mouth back to hers. As our lips met her hands refocused, pulling down my pajama bottoms, carefully maneuvering until my steely penis sprung out. "Let me feel it" she whispered in my ear as her hand gripped my stone hard shaft and guided it toward her body. Her hand massaged her wetness with the head of my throbbing penis until I took control. Carefully and deliberately I pushed myself into her. Her hands gripped my shoulders as her legs spread wider allowing me to explore more deep inside of her. 

Our bodies moved as one, the sensation of our bare skin rubbing together sent shockwaves through every cell in my body. My hard shaft thrust against her insides causing shockwaves to reverberate inside of me. It took all of my control to not climax. She was not only letting me fill her completely she was passionately moaning dirty words of encouragement.

Maybe it was her height, maybe it was her full build but no woman had so fully accommodated my size before. The feeling was new. I wasn't fully focused on pleasing her, I was trying to control myself because she felt so good. Insecurities raced through my mind wondering if my girlfriend was in the other room learning about size and control. The thought was quickly replaced with passion as I lost myself in the moment. 

"What do you want" Maggie quietly inquired as I slowed. I knew what I wanted. "I want you from behind" I said, part of me asking cautiously, the other part urgently demanding. "Please, yes." Still inside of her I moved her leg across my body and together we repositioned so she was on all fours. I moved my hand across the pale flesh of her ample bottom. The sight of my hard manhood stretching her stirred me. Holding onto her I pushed carefully into her as she offered herself to me. 

Catherine always hurt and I felt guilty entering her from behind. This was different. Slowly my caution faded as Maggie responded to my every thrust with muffled moans from her face buried in the pillow. She continued to push her body against me absorbing my deep thrusts each sound letting me know what she wanted. The throbbing deep in my groin was growing uncontrollable and as both us pounded against each other I fought with all of my willpower to not to cum. Maggie lifted her ass higher absorbing my pounding as she began making short muffled humming sounds that timed with my aggressive thrusts. 

It was too much. As I started to lose control her body collapsed on the bed, contorting and twisting as if she was trying to roll over. I struggled to hold her tightly with each movement as I released wave after wave of semen. It felt like an eternity until my orgasm subsided fully inside of her. My mind raced, I had never finished inside of Catherine. Pulling out I rolled off of Maggie and my body sunk into the bed. 

Instantly her lips were on mine "that was fucking amazing" she professed between kisses, "I've never felt like that before." I softly stroked my hand through her red hair, "me neither" I confessed with a twinge of guilt and confusion.