 After a night of cards and chatting, the group was getting ready to go home. Erin and Robin, the other women of the group, left first, as usual. But tonight the 2 guys, Dave and Keith, stayed with her as she cleaned up. They began talking about sex, their experiences, what they liked or would like to try, etc. They were such good friends that they were comfortable with the topic and with each other. Soon the discussion turned to threesomes. 

"I'd like to try girl-girl-guy" Keith admitted. 

"Any guy would!" David joked. 

"Well I'd really like to try 2 guys and me" She told them. 

Dave, as her boyfriend of 4 years, had heard this before, but Keith was startled. "Why would you want to do that?" he asked. 

"Well it would have to be with Dave, and then preferably another guy that I know and trust. Not just any random guy" she told him. "I just think it would be exciting." 

"I don't know if I would really want to do that with you though" Dave told her. "It would be too weird."

"Would you rather it be a friend, or a stranger?" she asked.

"Probably a friend, a good friend. Someone I wouldn't be embarrassed around" he said.

"Would you ever do a threesome with us, Keith?" she asked.

Again Keith was startled by her bluntness. "I... umm... well I dunno, Dave's right it would be weird" he told her.

"But would you do it?" she asked again.

"I guess so. I mean you're hot. I'd love to get a look at you without your clothes on" Keith surprised himself with his own daring at admitting his fascination with her body.

She grinned, knowing that he had no idea that she always knew how much he watched her body. She had a great idea all of a sudden and decided that maybe she could get her fantasy tonight, if she played her cards right.

Slowly she got up from the couch where she had been sitting next to Dave. She turned on the cd player and began to sway to the music. She couldn't believe what she was about to do, but something in it felt so right that she knew she'd love it. She began a strip-tease, lifting her shirt so her bra was visible, only to lower it again, then flashing her panties to the guys. Slowly she actually removed her shirt, jeans, and shoes, leaving her in her matching black bra and panties. Her C cup breasts swayed with her body, her flawless skin shone with a sheen of sweat, making her body glisten. She knew she looked good, and by the looks on the guys' faces, they thought so too. Through it all, the two men watched her, speechless. She noticed the growing bulges in their pants, and smiled to herself. 

She returned to her seat next to Dave, and began to kiss his neck. He reached up and began to fondle her breasts through her thin bra. She whispered in his ear "Is this ok? Can we do this?"

"Yes" he rasped. "Whatever you want, babe. I want you to have this, if it means that much to you."

"Thank you" she said. She kissed him on the lips, felt him open his mouth to hers, and explored his mouth with her tongue. Then she got up and walked to Keith, where he sat in a chair. She straddled him, smiling as he squirmed with embarrassment and lust. She felt his hardness through her thin panties and knew she would get what she wanted. She looked into his eyes, and saw the battle he was waging with himself. She knew he didn't have a girlfriend, but she also knew he was a real gentleman, and this felt wrong to part of him. She put her hand to his cheek, and softly she said, "I promise this is what I want. If you don't want to do this, tell me now, and I'll stop. You can go home. But I honestly want your body; I have for a long time. It has nothing to do with how much I love Dave. I know that you are my best friend besides him and you're the only one I trust to do this with us. Please?"

He took a deep breath and told her, "I've always wanted you too. I just never could do anything because you're with Dave. It wasn't right. Now, I guess we can. Yes, I want to do this too."

Delighted, she kissed his lips and felt his cock respond. She played with him, giving him light pecks on his face, then kissing him hard on the lips and probing his mouth with her tongue. She let him lift her and kiss the swell of her breast that showed above her bra. Suddenly she was aware of Dave, who came to stand behind her. He reached around her and fondled her breasts, rubbing her nipples through the fabric and rolling them in his fingers. Keith reached around and unclasped the bra, and she flung it aside. Now she moved her hips on Keith's lap, loving the feel of his cock on her pussy. 

After awhile, she stood up. "Ok guys, I'm almost naked, it's your turn." They moved so fast she didn't know how they did it, but the next thing she knew, they were both naked. Dave tugged her panties down and off as she moved against Keith, finally grasping his dick in her soft hand. He ran his hands through her hair as she moved her hand up and down his shaft. Dave stood beside her and she used her other hand on his familiar cock. Her excitement was plain to all of them in the wetness that coated her thighs, and Dave soon plunged his fingers into her pussy. She went down on her knees and he followed, continuing to finger-fuck her as she put her mouth on Keith's hard cock. She loved Dave's cock; at 7 ½ inches and average girth, it was respectable but not overwhelming. Now she noticed the differences in Keith's cock, it was probably 7 inches but much thicker than Dave's. She loved that he stretched her mouth as she swallowed his cock. Soon she had his cock buried to the hilt in her throat. Keith moaned and gripped her hair, pushing against her mouth slightly to force himself still deeper into her throat. She loved every minute of it, but she knew he would cum soon if she didn't stop, and she didn't want him spent yet. 

Slowly she released his cock, then turned around, facing Dave. She took his cock into her mouth and swallowed it easily, knowing now exactly how and when to move to get him very excited quickly. Keith began to finger-fuck her pussy and she pushed her body back onto his hand, loving the roughness of his fingers against her sensitive clit. Soon she began to shake and she cried out as her orgasm hit her. As she came, the two men moved so that Dave was laying on the floor and Keith was at his side, close to his head. She understood what they wanted and straddled Dave. As she lowered herself onto Dave's dick, she sucked Keith's cock into her mouth. Dave held her hips and helped her slide her pussy up and down on his cock. She didn't move too fast, for fear that he would cum, but she knew he was enjoying it. Keith was also close, and she replaced her mouth with her hand, pulling his cock as she rode Dave's. After several minutes, Dave moaned. "Please, I need to cum. I wanna cum so bad in your pussy."

She knew it was only fair and she began to rotate her hips in a circular pattern on his cock, which she knew he loved. She felt him cum as he slammed his cock into her and held her there. Soon he relaxed his grip on her hips and she knew it was Keith's turn. She swung off Dave and licked the tip of Keith's cock as she did so. 

"Ok babe, your turn" she told him. He gripped his cock as she knelt in front of him, then positioned himself at her entrance. "Shove it in me, I want it so bad" she moaned. He didn't hesitate, in the next moment she was filled with his hard cock. He pushed in and out of her hot pussy, rubbing her breasts and pinching her nipples, driving her crazy. She moved with him and soon felt him cum into her pussy, the hot cum filling her as Dave's had already done. As he came she was hit with her second orgasm, and as he filled her with his cum, she bathed his cock with hers. Slowly they both relaxed, and he pulled out of her. She laid on her back, looking up at Dave, who sat in the chair, and over at Keith, who was lying next to her on the floor. She reached out and stroked Keith's soft cock, still wet with her juice.

"God that was amazing" she told them both. 

"You were amazing" Dave told her.

"Please don't tell me that was a one-time thing" Keith begged.

She looked at Dave. She knew this was his decision, since he had been reluctant in the first place. 

"I loved it. I had no idea it could be so hot to watch her with you." Dave confessed.

"Are you sure?" she asked. She didn't want him pushed into it because he was just giving in to her. 

"Yeah I'm sure, I'm not kidding, you were amazing. Even when I wasn't part of it, it was so fucking hot" he told her.

She grinned. "Then I guess we can all be fuck-buddies" she announced. 

"Hell yeah" was their response.