 It's funny how life can change so much and so quickly. It's strange how it can quickly switch from being fine with everything going swimmingly to it being totally fucked up. That was exactly how mine had become.

From being seemingly delightfully happy with my successful businessman of a husband and my pretty, well behaved, loving and intelligent teenage daughter taking her A levels to being alone. From being with a man who I thought I loved, alright he could be a bit of a sod with the ladies to finding out that he was in fact a serial philanderer, even with my sister, to kicking him out. From having a daughter at home to her going off to university. From being married to being divorced. From having a busy social life style to practically nothing. From running a large six-bedroomed house in an Essex suburb to living in a sterile, but upscale apartment overlooking water in Docklands. Going from having a regular and frequent supply of sex from my husband to being essentially celibate. From being able to satisfy my high sex drive by having my husband fuck me almost whenever I wanted, to having to masturbate frequently to relieve my frustration.

With most of my social life being with Kevin, my husband and other couples, and with most wives hating the idea of a divorcee around their man, my social life bombed. Kevin was a big name and a low handicap in the golf club; I was simply a pair of big tits, so I left. 

Couples say they will try to maintain friendships with both parties after a divorce, don't believe them, it just don't work, so most of my 'friends' simply disappeared. There were a few husbands, though, who suddenly felt the need to tell me that their wives just didn't understand them and they had always fancied me. I think they believed that divorcees were simply gagging for it. That I may have been, but not so much that I wanted sex with them.

I was ok for money, which was just as well for my father's construction business was dragged down by the recession in Spanish property and my parents went to live there.

So, in practically all areas my life was fucked.

Oddly, despite all these changes I wanted more change.

I decided to go back to lecturing, something I had done for a while a few years ago. As I was looking for a vacancy I suddenly thought why not move away from London, I never had before, but why not? I was a city girl really, but the countryside had an appeal; that was certainly a change

I scrutinised the Times Educational Supplement and The Guardian looking for positions as a lecturer in English or Creative Writing at a university or sixth form college. I really didn't fancy Lancashire, Northumberland and most of the far North counties other than Yorkshire and I certainly wouldn't even consider Scotland or Wales. Devon and Dorset had an appeal and as I have always enjoyed Norfolk that got on the short list as well. Considering the recession I was surprised at the number and variety of jobs on offer. I started sending applications and my CV off and was pleased to be invited to numerous interviews.

*

"Why go away?" Sammi said as we lay together on my sexually underused huge double bed in Docklands.

"I just feel it's time for a major change," I replied kissing her head.

"What if it doesn't work out?" She asked cupping my full and slightly sagging breast and licking the nipple that was still rock hard from us just having made love.

"I'll just come back. I won't sell the apartment so Sara can use it when she comes home and of course I can pop back and meet you here any time and you can come and stay with me when you like."

We didn't talk much more for half an hour or so for we had other uses for our mouths; she tasted wonderful!

*

I was surprised at how many interviews I obtained, but thoroughly enjoyed touring round England visiting towns I had never been to before. Although most of the schools and colleges offered accommodation and travel expenses I didn't take the accommodation reimbursements for I preferred to be independent. I could, therefore, stay overnight in hotels even though it may not have been necessary, and I could choose where I stayed, rather than the cheap fleapits their allowances would provide. I did though accept their travelling allowance, which at forty pence per mile more than covered the costs of driving my M3 to their location.

I always get a thrill out of staying in hotels by myself, not that I do it that often. But when I was married and was working I had to stay away at times and usually gained a nice tingle when checking in, having dinner or a drink in the bar. Nothing much ever happened, but it was the possibility that something might that gave me the buzz. At that time though, I was happy with Kevin and although I got the occasional come on I turned them down.  Hotels had provided more thrills, however, when I had my affair with David for it was in them that we had much of our sex during our six month affair.

During my 'interview tour' I wasn't naughty, well not with strangers, or men come to that. I had several chances, but didn't progress them. In any case I was pretty much off men having been let down so badly by my husband of over twenty years. 

I was now in a complete Catch 22 situation. I'd had a wild period after the divorce came through bedding six guys in about as many months, well to be accurate I bedded only four and carseated two!. I hated myself for what I was doing so I stopped dating. But I needed sex, yet didn't want to get involved, didn't want to become emotionally dependent upon a man, couldn't bring myself to make the mental connection needed to turn one night stands, which I hated, into memorable sexual experiences, so I rejected men and I had taken a girl friend. Sammi is my naughtiness. She's twenty three, just slightly older than my daughter and she is a blonde, blue eyed beauty studying stage and film production at an acting school in Bloomsbury, London. She is also totally bi-sexual.

Sammi came with me on a little tour I made in Yorkshire and Derbyshire when I had a number of interviews over a three day period. That meant staying two nights in hotels, which was lovely. 

"Would you move all the way up here?" The Essex girl asked as we had dinner together in the hotel dining room in Harrogate.

"I might, why not?" I smiled back at my beautiful, young, sexy and very available dining partner and girl friend.

"Well it's up North aint it."

"So?"

"Well they speak funny don't they and things are different up here."

"Yes Sammi that's why I might move here, things are different, I'm different, I want to do different things," I told her as we went up in the rickety lift to our room on the fifth floor.

"What do you mean different things?" She asked as she stepped out of her jeans and I pulled her tee shirt over her head baring her small breasts that rarely had the dubious benefit of a bra, but then with the pertness and firmness of her youth, her B cups didn't need any support. Now in just a tiny pale blue thong she looked so young, slightly vulnerable, but massively sexy; I could hardly wait to fuck her, so I didn't.

*

In the end I took a post as a Junior Lecturer in Creative Writing at a redbrick university just outside Whitby in North Yorkshire. It was the beauty of the national park and the sparkling eyes, nice grin and tight bum of the male head of the Arts Department that swung it for me.

During the three months waiting to take up the post at the start of the autumn term in early October, I visited the area a few times. I rented a three-bedroomed cottage some six miles away from the college in a delightful village that nestled in the moors and ordered some furniture and other stuff. I found an older lady and her husband who would look after the place until I got there and then would clean the place and tend to the quite large gardens after I moved in. I found a gym and joined that and checked out the local pubs and restaurants. As my start day approached I found myself becoming excited, but strangely apprehensive as well. 

I wanted change for sure, but was I going too far? I had never lived 'oop north,' I knew no one up there; I had a new job and a new home. What the fuck had I done, I thought many times?

Standing in front of the mixed gender class of eighteen to twenty two year olds as I prepared to deliver my first lesson I was hellishly nervous. I was wearing an on the knee length skirt and thin wool sweater, which on reflection I had thought in the ladies just prior to entering the class, was probably a little too tight for it seemed to mould itself to my boobs which lately had bloated up to DD at least, the bastards. 

"Good morning everybody," I said in the most friendly yet firm voice I could muster. "I'm Amanda Williams and I am here to teach you about creative writing."

*

"No stand up straighter," Sammi had coached me the last time we'd been together in the Docklands apartment. She had persuaded me that a part of teaching was acting, something they hadn't told me at the teacher training college. "Body language, voice tones, personal projection, use of hands and movement are all part of communications" she'd explained as I stood naked in the main bedroom of my cottage. "People take in more of how something is said than what is said," she told me.

We had just had sex. Good sex, but then the sex between us was always good and today's was no exception.

Sammi has a fabulous tongue and boy does she know how to use it. After we'd both made the other climax by using our fingers on the other's clit and pussy, we'd showered together and had a couple of glasses of wine. 

"Lay on the sofa," she'd said in a rather stern way. Although we are quite mutual in our lovemaking, Sammi does have a slightly dominating nature at times, which suits me fine for I am naturally fairly submissive. 

I undid the towel that I'd wrapped round me, let it fall to the floor and stared at my young, blonde lover. God did she look good. She really is a Lolita for her face has such a youthful innocence that is quite belied by her womanly body and sexual behaviour. She was also wrapped in a towel, a canary yellow one, which emphasised her golden hair and stunning blue eyes and showed off her tanned skin and the freckles on her chest and shoulders.

"No on your front," she growled as I went to lie on my back.

I turned over as I asked. "Does that come off" nodding at her towel?

"When I'm ready," she replied running her fingertips down my back and smacking me lightly on my bum.

"Mmmmm, nice."

She caressed the slightly oversized cheeks of my full bum and then ran her fingers between them. "No, change of plan."

"What?"

"Get up."

I stood up.

"Bend over the arm of the sofa."

"Why?"

"Because stupid I am going to lick your arse until I make you cum.

And she did just that for the next ten minutes or so.

*

Teaching, or lecturing as they prefer to call at colleges, really is like riding a bike, or having sex in a way; no matter how long since you last did it, everything comes back when you do it again. As nervous as I was that very first lesson, by the second or third day I felt fine. Overall, the groups I gave lectures to were pretty good. 

Attending the creative writing sessions was optional. It was offered as training in support of the drama courses, as an aid to the programmes that had a large writing element and as part of the business studies process to teach how to produce formal and informal reports and compose copy for ads and promotional material. I was required to give two hour and a half long lectures each day and handle a few two or three person tutorials. I thought having such small numbers in the tutorials was rather inefficient and felt that groups of four would be better. I made a mental note to mention it to Bryan Higgins the Head of the Arts Department and the man with the pert bum and nice smile during my bi-weekly one-to-one that he had with all of his staff. When he had told me about the way he worked including the one-to-one meetings, the devastating smile he flashed as he said it made me almost ask if they were over dinner in my cottage or, maybe over a pillow in my bed.

I didn't of course, but I was tempted. 

The lack of sex of any sort, I hadn't seen Sammi for three weeks and hadn't been with a man for months, was getting to me. I felt almost permanently frustrated, I masturbated nearly every night, read, generally disappointing, but occasionally exciting, stories on Literotica. I had even taken to looking at some female porn sites such as ifeelmyself.com and masturbating along with watching women do that; something I fully recommend.

I settled into both the new job and location during October and November. I made friends with three female teachers, got to know some people in the village, joined a local golf club, started bridge lessons and threw myself into the university social life.

"Have you dated any of the staff" one of the students in my creative writing group asked me as we danced at a student union ballroom dancing evening that the lecturers were encouraged to attend. I went to most of the events mainly in the hope that my boss Bryan would be there and he might take me in his arms and press himself against me. No such luck, though, for the only one he attended he brought his wife with him and she scowled at me all evening; someone must have told her that there was a new female lecturer who was divorced and had long, unruly chestnut coloured hair and big tits; a combination that seems to be anathema to many wives!

"No Neil I haven't" I replied.

"What about any of the students?"

"Of course not" I snapped back rather sharply.

"Why of course not, it's not unknown."

"It's frowned upon and in any case you're all young enough to be my children."

Pulling me slightly closer as we coped with the intricacies of the foxtrot he said into my ear. "Well that's the attraction to some of us."

"Really?" Was all I could muster as a reply as I felt his bulge pressing into my tummy.

"Oh yes loads of us have this thing about older women" he whispered, letting his hand slip down my back a little until it was almost touching my bum, making me feel thankful that the lights had been dimmed. "It's a bit like a contagion, with you."

"What do you mean?"

"The Williams disease is spreading like wildfire."

"Now, now Neil."

"Now now what, Amanda?"

"You know what I'm saying."

"And you should know what I am saying."

"No I don't" I rather unwisely replied as he pulled me even closer and squeezed my breasts against his chest.

"It's simple."

"Is it?"

"Yes, I fancy you."

"Neil we'd better stop this."

"Why?"

"Because we should, it's wrong."

Fortunately the dance ended and I was able to escape.

Later that evening in the bedroom of my cottage I could hardly believe what came into my mind as my fingers unfolded the pink 'petals' guarding my clit. It was Neil's face, then his bare chest, then his naked body, then his erect dick and then, as I rubbed my clit faster than I usually do, he fucked me.

*

I was lecturing the next day to the group that Neil attended. As I stood in front of the fourteen guys and six girls I could feel his eyes on me all the time. I glanced at him several times; he smiled at me and was very attentive, but didn't seem to make any notes at all. 

As I rambled on about the use of short sentences in a far less structured way than I usually do, my mind went back to the previous night. I had started to undress when I feIt myself becoming aroused. As I usually do, I stroked my fingertips across my nipples and then pinched them to their full hardness. I slipped my thong off and laid on the bed, one hand squeezing and caressing my tits the other finding my clit. I couldn't help looking straight at Neil, when I recalled the vision of him coming into my mind and us having sex as I masturbated. His gaze and smile seemed to be saying that he knew all about that, which of course, was ridiculous. His gaze also seemed to undress me so I stood there completely naked delivering my lecture. He could see my full, slightly drooping tits with the coral pink nipples, the slight bulge of my stomach where I hadn't been as strict after childbirth as I should have been, my patch of neatly trimmed, but only once shaved, tawny pubic hair, with my lips poking through and my thighs, which although slightly chunky, thankfully had no cellulite.

"Thought any more about it Amanda?" He asked when he stayed behind after the rest had gone.

"About what?" I replied feeling flustered as I gathered my papers and books together.

"Us."

"What do you mean us Neil?"

"You know what I mean."

"I don't."

"I want to date you."

"Date me?"

"Yes go out together."

"Neil I am forty four, twenty four years older than you."

"Wonderful, that excites me."

"It might excite you, but it would look ridiculous."

"To who?"

"Anyone who sees us together."

"Ok then we can stay in instead."

I laughed at his cheek and walked out

*

"Well go with him" Sammi said when she came to the cottage the next weekend.

We were in bed. We'd been out to dinner. I'd explained to the pub owner that my niece was visiting for the weekend and as I had said that I wondered if later I might be explaining that my nephew was visiting me!

As usual, immediately we had got home we'd had sex. Then we'd gone to bed and I had told her about Neil.

"Sammi you don't mean that do you."

"Yes of course, you want a man don't you, for sex I mean?"

"Er I'm not sure, I have you," I replied cupping her nice little boob.

"Yes, but you want a cock as well don't you? One of these" she went on turning the vibrator on that she had taken from the bedside drawer where she knew I kept it.

'Oh fuck' I thought to myself as she ran the buzzing toy across my nipples, 'Sara is coming up soon and she might meet the publican and he could say something about 'your cousin.' That worried me, but as Sammi pressed the vibrating plastic right against my clit all such concerns were washed from my mind.

"Oh god Sammi" I groaned reaching out and grabbing the soft flesh of her pert bum.

"Is it good Mands?" She asked pressing the tip of it against my lips.

"Good isn't the word" I groaned opening my legs and raising my knees. She pushed the buzzing vibrator into me. It went up and up and up until only the screw top end was visible between my lips. We kissed and I got my hand between her legs, slipping a couple of fingers into her warm wetness.

"I'm going to fuck you now Amanda."

"Yes Sammi yes."

She started pushing the eight or so inches of black, hard plastic deep into me and then pulling it almost out.

"Just think this could be Neil. He would be as hard as this I reckon and maybe as big" she said into my ear, just before she pushed the tip of her tongue into it.

"I couldn't go with him, he's too young and in any case he's one of my students" I groaned as the sensations created by the vibrator rushed through me.

"He's nearly as old as me Aunty" Sami replied using the nickname she sometimes called me. "And you'll be amazed at how young guys can fuck" she said using the toy just like a man uses his cock"

"How do you mean?" I grunted.

As I started she croaked. "Rock hard again in under an hour and four or five times a night."

After she'd gone back to Essex I thought a lot about what she'd said. The basic premise Sammi made was that 'if you want it, do it' and that 'if it feels ok it is ok.' I realised they were very much the sentiments of today's youth, but they did have both a certain appeal and sense to them.

Over the next couple of weeks Neil was in my mind a lot of the time. Not only when I masturbated, which was now every day, but also when I wasn't masturbating. Suddenly his tall, lean form would be there in the front of my mind. I would see his thin, angular face, his quite long, light brown hair, his green eyes and beautifully full lips. And of course I would see his naked body and his big, hard cock that would get hard again so quickly after fucking me. He was, I knew, becoming a sexual obsession.
