 The summer evening was just right - cooler than the day had been, but still warm enough that going around in bathing suits wasn't too uncomfortable. The group of friends, all home from various colleges, were hanging out at the local abandoned quarry, now the local swim hole. Alcohol had been flowing freely, and most of the young adults were feeling no pain. A few had already paired up and snuck back to their tents for a more intimate reunion, leaving just Marie, Ted, Derrick, Chris, and Robert around the campfire near the edge of the water.

"Now, that is NOT how it happened!" Chris was protesting as Robert and Ted were telling a story from their childhood. Everyone was laughing, even Chris, as he hurled marshmallows at the other two boys. Marie smiled vaguely, and Derrick, watching her, nudged Ted next to him, then nodded toward Marie. Ted got the hint and signaled to Robert and Chris. Robert was slower on the pickup than Chris, but once Ted leaned over and whispered something in his ear, Robert grinned and nodded. Marie, although a bit geeky in high school, had been a hottie behind the glasses...and now that she had ditched them in favor of contacts, Marie was even hotter, her big blue-green eyes contrasting beautifully with her tan skin and black hair.

"Oh, and Marie - remember the time we taught you how to dance?" Derrick said in one of the silences and winked at Ted. Ted immediately chimed in, "Yes, and have you improved any? You had NO sense of rhythm!" The boys all hooted agreement as Marie stood up indignantly, staggering a bit, and slurred drunkenly, "I had GREAT rythmn...rithmen...whahever!" That made the others laugh even harder and let out catcalls and hoots.

"I'll schow you I can - I can dansh ash good ash annybudy!" Marie shouted and then began to do a sinuous, sensual dance, her hips swaying and her breasts shimmying in the shifting firelight. The boys fell silent as she continued to dance in a very sexual way, the alcohol having relaxed a lot of her inhibitions. One or two of the boys even groaned as they all felt their cocks get harder.

"Woooo, Marie!" one of the guys called out. "Hot, baby, hot!" That seemed to egg Marie on even more, and she began to do a tease for them, slipping one bikini strap down her arm, just to pull it up again, then the other, then both. The guys all shouted encouragement, and Marie's face began to get more flushed. The scent of her arousal was beginning to be noticeable, and the boys began to get more aroused and restless themselves as they scented her.

Derrick and Ted, the two leaders of the group, started getting more explicit in their cries. "C'mon, Marie, take it off - or are you too afraid to?" They both knew that Marie could never back down from a challenge. "Yeah, baby, show us if those gorgeous breasts are real!" "Nah, I bet they're fakes! She won't show us - too scared to admit they're fake!"

Marie looked at them hotly and protested, "Thesh babies arre rrreal, shee?" and she yanked her top off, to the shock and delight of all the guys. "Herrre, feel 'em!" she growled at the stunned Derrick, who quickly recovered and reached up to slide his hands along her big bosom, squeezing gently at first, then with more urgency as her nipples hardened under his touch and Marie moaned from somewhere deep in her throat. Ted came up behind her and, wrapping his arms around her, tipped her slightly so she was a little off-balance and leaning against him. He let his hand go up to Marie's tits and stroked the hardened nipples, making her groan and galvanizing the other boys to action. Soon she had four pairs of hands all over her, stroking her legs, stomach, breasts - any place they could roam. Marie leaned more on Ted as the combination of arousal and drink made her dizzy. Her legs spread apart as she tried to get her balance back, and Derrick's hand slid right into place between her thighs, teasing at the damp fabric of her bikini - and with a noticeably damper spot right in her crotch.

Marie began to grind her hips against Derrick's hand and he growled as well, pulling down on the crotch of the bikini bottom and pulling it off her legs. Ted helped by pulling on Marie just slightly so that she would stumble but not fall. As her feet came up, Derrick pulled the panties off that foot. Soon Marie was completely naked and smelling of arousal. The four around her became even bolder; hands roamed over her pussy area and asscheeks, and soon fingers were being inserted into her cunt and anal passages. Marie was in a fever, not knowing who to rub up against, and she began to whimper, "Ohhhh, ohhhhhhhh please!"

All of the men had noticeable hard-ons, and her pleas were causing them all to respond, rubbing their cocks through their swimsuits against her nubile body. One by one, they pulled off their suits and slid their bodies along hers. She let out a groan that surely could have been heard all over the camp and Ted, his prick poking at the rosebud entrance to her luscious ass, grabbed her hard and, lifting her off her feet, growled at the others, "Let's go someplace more ... private."

The others nodded agreement as Derrick picked up Marie's feet and they carried her, half-heartedly protesting, to their tent nearby. It wasn't huge, but it was large enough to hold all of them semi-comfortably. The guys laid Marie down on one of the sleeping bags on the floor, then began to fondle her in earnest.

Marie was writhing on the bag, in ecstasy from having all those hands roaming her, touching her, invading her body in such delightfully erotic ways. She was so in delirium that it didn't register that a body was pressing on her and a cock sliding into her lubricated quim until the owner of the cock - Derrick - began to slide his hard prick in and out of her soft, welcoming cunt. "I...I doan knooo..."

Derrick whispered in her ear, making her shiver, and said softly, "Oh, Marie ... you're so soft, so sexy ... please don't make me stop ...," and then his lips slid down to her nipples as he pushed her breasts up to capture the taut, reddened nub. As his tongue and lips teased the nipple further, Marie arched her back and groaned out, "No . . . doan shtop!" Her legs curled around Derrick's legs and her heels bumped into his buttocks, encouraging him to keep going. He moaned, "Oh damn, this is so fucking good!" and began to speed up his thrusts.

Meanwhile, Ted, Chris and Robert were stroking their cocks; Ted moved down to Marie's mouth and slid his prick in between her soft, pink lips. He moaned as his cock was surrounded by her warm, wet mouth and tongue; he grabbed Marie's hair and began to move her head back and forth. Chris was sucking on her other breast while stroking his dick, and Robert was wrapping her hand around his member and rubbing her hand up and down his shaft. Ted made a growling sound as Marie's groans made her lips and mouth vibrate; he gasped out, "Oh fuck yeah! Do that again!"

The sounds of groaning and sighing were all that filled the tent for a while, as the four boys enjoyed the many charms of their friend. Derrick was the first to say anything, and he, although loving the feeling of his prick being massaged and squeezed by Marie's hot little snatch, had been fingering her asshole and wondering what it would be like to have his cock in the tight little hole. "Ted," he gasped out to his friend, "come down here and let Chris have her mouth...I want to fuck this sweet little ass, and I've always wanted to double-penetrate a girl."

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh, fuck yeah!" Ted agreed, and pulled out of Marie's mouth with an audible pop. Derrick pulled out of Marie's cunt, to her moans and protests, and positioned himself at her little rosebud hole. Ted poised himself to enter as soon as Derrick gave him the word, and Chris grabbed the back of Marie's hair and began fucking her face, emitting groans of pleasure as her vocalizations made her lips vibrate against his cock.

Derrick scooped out some of Marie's secretions from her pussy and spread them over her ass hole, fingering into the hole and getting some of the lubricant into the passage. He then poised his cock at the entrance and slid in slowly but firmly. Marie arched her back, her whimpers lost around Chris' cock, and Derrick continued to push in, holding her around her waist, until he felt a snapping sensation and realized he was inside her heavenly back door. He then nodded at Ted while saying, "OK guys, get ready - rolling her onto me!"

All the guys backed off slightly as Derrick rolled onto his back, taking Marie with him, his prick still buried firmly into her ass - gods, it was so tight! Chris and Robert went back to their blow job and hand job, respectively, while Ted teased at the entrance to her cunt, then pushed in slowly. He and Derrick both had a moment when they both thought they were going to lose it, as Ted's helmet rubbed against Derrick's through the thin membrane separating the two passages, but then Ted got past that and buried himself in her hot little pussy. "Ohhhhhhh damn," the two boys groaned, and Ted added, "This is even better than in the pornos!"

The two boys began a back-and-forth motion, one boy pushing in and the other pulling out, as they fucked their friend, enjoying how much tighter her holes were than before they both fucked her. Derrick, in particular, was almost in pain from the tightness . . . and enjoying it greatly. He could feel his foreskin being pulled back and forth; the friction was driving him crazy. He could hear Chris above him groaning out, "Oh fuck, oh shit, I'm cumming!" as Robert guided his cock, Marie's hand still around it, to her chest and moaned out, "Oh hells -!" and shot his seed all over Marie's chest and stomach. That, in turn, triggered Ted and Derrick, and they both growled and moaned as their cocks spewed spunk into Marie's ass and cunt.

Ted pulled out, then Derrick, and all of the guys looked at Marie, who was covered in cum, cum oozing out of her ass and cunt, and a small string of cum leaking out of her mouth - she was so drunk, she was having difficulty swallowing the spunk Chris had shot. She finally managed, though, and she grinned drunkenly at her four friends. "Tha wassh awshume!" she slurred out. The four boys let out a collective sigh of relief, then helped Marie up and out to the water to clean up. They stayed near the shore where the water was warmer and the ground underfoot safer.

The water was so warm and caressing, the five soon found themselves aroused again and ready for round two. Marie was even easier to lift when she was in the water, and this time Chris and Robert were the ones to bury themselves into her ass and pussy. Both boys groaned as their cocks felt her hot, tight passages squeezing around them. Derrick and Ted had Marie's hands around their cocks as they sucked on her nipples, making her groan and whimper as she wriggled around as much as she could on the other two boys' shafts. That, in turn, made Chris and Robert moan as the movement of her body made the friction on their cocks increase.

Since they had already cum earlier, all four boys were able to keep their stamina up more, and they took their time fucking Marie, Robert pulling out slowly while Chris pushed in. Derrick and Ted helped Marie slide her hands all along their pricks, pushing the foreskin over their glans and then back down along the shafts. Marie's head whipped back and forth, her moans and cries spurring the boys on to fuck her harder. The boys' comments got more ribald as well; Ted was muttering in Marie's ear, "Such a hot little slut, so wet and ready for us...you love us fucking your body, don't you?" while Derrick moaned out what a sweet round ass and perky, full breasts she had. Chris and Robert were gasping out between thrusts how tight and hot her holes were. Marie not only didn't object, she moaned out, "I amma shlut...I wan' yooo to fuck me likea lil whoore...fuck me hard!"

The guys took their time, but the words Marie said goaded them on to increase the speed and intensity of their thrusts. Soon the only sounds were the boys grunting and panting and Marie whimpering and moaning out her approval of what they were doing. But too soon the friction and the fact that they were fucking their friend – and out in a public place – caused the four men to groan out, one by one, "Oh god...Oh shit...I'm coming...Fuck, yeah, I'm cumming!"

Derrick and Ted pulled up closer to Marie and, angling their cocks, shot their cum over her breasts and stomach. Seeing that, Chris growled and shot his load into Marie's hot little cunt; Robert felt Marie's ass and cunt tighten with her orgasm and he couldn't hold back any longer. His hot blast of seed shot up Marie's back passage and he gritted out, "OH shit, yes!"

The four helped Marie again get cleaned up and they all walked up to the firepit to get their suits. Suddenly they all heard the sound of clapping; apparently their cries had alerted the whole camp and of course as many people as weren't then occupied came to see what was going on. Catcalls of, "Oh damn, Marie, never knew you were such a hot slut!" and "What a show, guys! Gonna do a repeat performance?" filled the air as the five blushed. Then Derrick, the orneriest of the bunch, grinned and replied, "Sure thing! Every night at 5 – but it'll cost you!"

Groans and good-natured protests filled the air as the five collected their clothes, Marie getting groped a bit by some of the guys as she headed back to her tent. Derrick, however, intercepted her and asked quietly, "We've got room in our tent – want to join us there?"

Marie smiled blearily and said softly, "Sshure. Souns good!" She draped an arm over Derrick's and leaned drunkenly on him. He grinned, cupping her breast with a hand as he adjusted her so he was mostly carrying her. He nodded to the other three and they joined him, helping with Marie's drunken form as she staggered between them all. Oh it was going to be a good night, all right...just perfect for the five friends to really get to know each other better! Derrick grinned and kissed Marie gently, then harder as her lips reacted to his and she pushed in harder into the kiss. Mmmmm, he thought to himself – a good night indeed ...!

Hand on her buttocks, squeezing gently, he and the other three herded Marie back to their tent. Having a hot, fuckable friend was one of the best benefits the four could ever dream of! And as the five drifted off to sleep, Marie firmly in the middle of the four, they all hoped that they would get a chance to do this all again.