 Tia and I had been friends for a long time. Not the best friends, we tell each other everything type, just the get together go out every once in a while and have fun type. Sometimes her boyfriend Rich would join us. We'd go to the bar or dance club have a few drinks, relax and gossip about whatever.

Tia is a couple years older than me at 27. She's about 5' 7", blond hair and liquid brown eyes. She's quite slender, but with a decent sized chest. Her and Rich look perfect together. He's just over 6', built like a god with jet black hair, piercing blue eyes and a charming personality. Me...(my name is Jayden) I'm only 5'4" chestnut hair and hazel eyes. Probably my best feature is my D cup chest and curvaceous hips. I'm not as slender as Tia, but I don't have any excess luggage either...just well placed curves!

Anyhow, the middle of last week Tia called to see if I wanted to go out with her and Rich. We hadn't done anything in about a month and I had that weekend free so I agreed. We were to meet at a local dance club.

I'm not a slut, but I like attention just as much as the next girl, so when Friday came, I donned my black g-string panties and matching bra, black mini-skirt, black and red button up top and my black heeled boots. (I think black is one of the sexiest colors as long as you throw a splash of color in there somewhere.) My hair hung free, falling down below my shoulders and my make-up was subtle. I felt pretty confident about myself as I walked in the door to the club and looked around for Tia and Rich. I found them sitting at the bar laughing. I joined them and ordered a Long Island Ice Tea. 

"About time you got here, I thought you were going to stand us up." Tia teased.

I just smiled as I took my drink and threw the money down on the bar. "Hey, perfection takes time." I gave her a wink. "So, it looks kinda dead for a Friday night." There was maybe a quarter of the people there than usual.

"I know." Tia agreed. "Rich and I were just talking and we were thinking maybe we could convince you to come over to the house and play cards or something. We could stop by the liquor store and pick up the stuff for your 'tea' first."

I thought about that for a moment. It didn't sound like a bad idea. I agreed. "If we are going to do that we need to hurry and get to your place before this drink hits me...lol" I gulped the remainder of my 'tea' down. I liked to have a good time, but I wasn't one for drinking and driving.

We hurried and within 20 minutes were safely at Tia's. Rich started mixing the drinks and Tia motioned for me to take a seat at the kitchen table.

"So, what are we playing?" I asked.

"How risky are you feeling tonight?" Tia laughed and wiggled her brows at me.

"Or should she say, 'how frisky?' " Rich laughed as he set a glass down in front of me. I looked from one to the other.

"Ok, what's going on you two?"

They smiled at each other before Tia answered. "How do you feel about a game of strip poker?"

Hmmm...I looked at Tia then at Rich. A chance to see Rich naked...or nearly naked, depending on who won. The idea started making me wet. I knew then I'd be a fool to pass that up. I was pretty good at poker anyway, not that they knew that.

I shrugged and said, "I'm game, who deals first?"

Twenty minutes later Tia was down to her sexy red silk bra and matching thongs, Rich was down to his jeans and whatever he had under them and I was still in my lacy black bra, miniskirt and g-string. "Ok, show your cards." Rich ordered. Yes! I was safe. It was Tia who had the low hand. With a smile and a shrug she released the clasps on her bra and tossed it aside and reached for the cards since it was her deal. I heard her say something, but it didn't register because I couldn't take my eyes of her beautiful tits.

I've never taken part in any bisexual/homosexual experiences in my life, but the sight of her tits was making me wet. Her skin was evenly tanned and looked so smooth. Her boobs were so firm and bouncy and her nipples...for a second I wondered what it would be like to suck one of those tempting morsels into my mouth. I felt a gush of wetness between my thighs and shook myself out of those thoughts as I picked up my cards.

"I'm sorry, Tia...what did you say?"

She giggled. "Fives are wild...how many cards do you want?"

My concentration was blown. No matter how hard I tried to think about the cards in my hand and not look at that set of perfect globes across from me, it was useless. I lost the next hand.

"WooHoo!!! Off with that skirt and do your turn!" Tia cheered. House rules were that every time you lost an article of clothing you had to stand up and do a catwalk turn before continuing the game.

I dropped my skirt and rotated for my friends. "Oh, Tia hunny, I think our little Jayden is getting a little turned on by our game..." I could see his eyes affixed on the small, and wet triangular piece of material that covered my slit. It only made me wetter.

I tried to laugh it off as I sat back down. "Yeah, well it's been a while since I've had any, so it doesn't take much." I reached for the cards as Tia rose to make more drinks, it'd been a while since our glasses had been refilled. Somehow I kept my gaze from wandering over to watch her firm tits and ass bounce as she crossed the floor. I didn't understand why I was being so turned on by another female.

I called two's wild and dealt. Just as I picked up my own cards I felt smooth warm skin brush against my shoulder as a drink appeared at my side. I turned my head to find one of those perfect tits graze my already overheated skin and I felt my throat closing up and forced myself to swallow. As Tia straightened back up she let a hand slide up the length of my arm to my shoulder.

"Mmm, you're skin is so soft." She whispered in my ear. I felt my own nipples harden in response and tried to clear my throat. "You know, we can take care of that problem for you."

"P..Problem?" I couldn't think. Hell all I could do was look at that beautiful body and wonder if I was going to cum right then and there just from the thoughts I was thinking.

Tia laughed. "Yes, that problem of haven't had any in a while." The hand that had settled on my shoulder was now sliding down over my chest and to my own large orbs. My nipples tightened even more as her hand brushed my tit and kept traveling. Slowly it made it's way across my flat abdomen to the top of the underwear. She angled her hand fingers first as she cupped my wet mound. "Oh, damn honey, you are wet. Wet and hot as hell." Her finger rubbed along my slit and I groaned. I was vaguely aware of Rich rounding the table and pulling my chair out to grant Tia the room she needed to kneel in front of me. She smiled up at me and my legs separated farther crying for her touch. "Damn, and you smell so good. I have to have a taste of you!" 

As Tia pulled the scant cloth of the g-string over to one side I felt my tits being freed from their lace prison and strong male hands cupped them. I thought I was going to die of pleasure. When Tia's wet, hot tongue slid down my slit I thought I'd shatter right there. Her tongue dove between my hot flesh lapping at the pussy juices that had been flowing practically all night. I moaned in delight as it entered my cunt as deep as it could go and her fingers came up to rub my clit. "Fuck your tongue feels so good in my pussy!" I moaned. Rich rolled my nipples between his fingers.

"You like being ate out by another girl, Jade?" Rich pinched my tit. 

"Fuck, yes. It feels so good...I'm going to cum!"

"Do it, my little slut. Fucking cum in my girlfriend's mouth, you whore!" He slapped my tit. The flash of pain brought immense pleasure and I felt my orgasm start to rip me apart inside. I moaned. He slapped my tit again. "Did you hear me, you cunt? I said fuckin' cum in her mouth! Give her your juices!"

"Oh, fuck...I'm cumming...fuck...another woman is making me cum!!!" My pussy quivered and pulsed as I came in Tia's mouth and she lapped my pussy juice licking me clean before standing up. 

"Damn, you taste so good, Jade!"

Rich grabbed her by her hair tilting her face up to him. He forcefully kissed her, his tongue tasting me within his girlfriend's mouth. "You're right, she does taste damn good." He agreed when he let Tia go. "She also owes you an orgasm I would say. I think it's time to take this to the bedroom." He held a hand out to me and I quickly accepted and followed them to the bedroom.

Tia quickly laid down on the bed, spreading her legs wide as she fingered her pussy. "Go on, Jade. You know you want to taste that. You owe her anyway."

He was right, I did owe her, but first I was going to suck on one of those golden nipples that had first caught my attention. Climbing on the bed I straddled her legs and bent over to catch a nipple in my mouth. I moaned at the pure sensuality of it all. My other hand found her other breast and fondled it as my tongue ringed it's own nub. I was turned on by the moaning and whimpering that was coming from Jade.

As I decided it was time to try the nectar of the lower regions I felt the mattress shift and glanced over to find a totally naked Rich getting comfortable on the bed and stroking what had to be the most beautiful cock I'd ever seen. He had to be about 8-9 inches and he had the girth to go with it. I vowed I would have that cock in my pussy before the night was over. First though, I was going to have my first taste of the womanly nectar that was Tia's pussy.

Trying to remember exactly how Tia had brought me to climax, I slid my tongue the length of her slit. She moaned and I was encouraged on. I wiggled my tongue between the folds of skin and she instantly bucked her hips up to meet my mouth. I sucked at her juice and moaned in satisfaction. How could I have been missing this?? I loved my cock, but this was heaven. My tongue dove into her cunt, I was hungry for more. I wanted everything she had to offer. I played with her clit as I drank of her juices, enjoying the whimpering and moaning I was causing. I felt the bed shift again and looked up as I ringed Tia's clit with my tongue and pushed two fingers into her pussy. 

Rich was on his knees beside Tia's head and she was taking his cock deep into her throat. What a fucking turn on. As my tongue went back to work on Tia's cunt, my fingers found my own pussy.

Rich had looked over at me as I sucked off Tia and fingered my cunt. "My, you are a fuckin whore aren't you Jade?" His nastiness made me even hotter. I wanted my pussy filled and my fingers just weren't doing it. I pulled my head back out of Tia's crotch and rammed three fingers deep in her snatch.

"Fuck, yes I'm a whore...and I want that big cock of yours buried deep in my pussy, so why don't you shut the fuck up and get over here and fuck my aching pussy!" I was mad with horniness.

Rich pulled his dick from Tia's mouth and made his way to my side. I watched as he stared at me. Then with out warning he reached out and slapped me across the face. "You think you can talk to me like that you bitch? You want to get fucked by this pole?" He stroked his dick in front of my face.

"Fuck ya, I think that's what I said!"

Whack...another slap across the face. It only turned me on more and Tia received the benefit as my fingers pummeled her twat. "I'm gonna cum...oh fuck!!"

"Cum for me...let me taste your cunt juice!!!" I momentarily forgot Rich and covered Tia's pussy with my mouth as my tongue went back to ministering her and my fingers frantically rubbed her clit wanting to bring her to orgasm so I could taste her cum.

I was surprised when I felt my ass being grabbed and lifted and my own cunt impaled on that beautiful piece of meat that was Rich's dick. I moaned in ecstasy. A wonderful tasting cunt on my tongue and a gloriously large and hard cock in my pussy. Every time Rich rammed me with that big cock my face and tongue went deeper into Tia's pussy's and she screamed in pleasure.

"Oh, yes, fuck that slut's cunt while she eats out your girlfriend!!" She yelled at Rich. "Fuck her harder you bastard. Rip that pussy apart."

He did as he was told. I've never been fucked so hard in my life, not to mention being fucked by a cock that big. I moaned against Tia's pussy lips. 

"That's it!! Pound that pussy...Fuck...I'm cumming. Drink my cunt bitch!!!" She raised her hips pushing her dripping cunt into my mouth as I tried to lick her cunt clean. I lapped as fast as I could, but she was cumming so much I couldn't keep up with it. Finally she pushed my face off her. "Fuck, for a beginner you do pretty damn good. I want Rich on the bed and you on top of him, fucking like a cowboy riding a horse. You got that?" She asked as she rubbed my nipples. I just shook my head and as soon as Rich was laying down I positioned myself over his cock and slid down the length of him bury that thick meat deep inside my cunt. As I started to fuck him proper I heard a drawer open and close and a minute later I felt Tia bending me over so my ass was revealed as I fucked her boyfriend.

"He may have your cunt, but that beautiful ass is mine!" I felt a cool jelly substance squirted around my asshole and then her fingers sliding in and out as she lubed up my virgin ass. I'd never been fucked in the ass before but the feeling of Rich's cock deep in my cunt was so awesome, I didn't give a second thought to the fact that his girlfriend was behind me getting ready to fuck my ass with the dildo strapped on to her crotch. 

As she pushed the hard plastic dick deep in my ass my pussy was pushed to the max on Rich's cock burying the meat in my cunt right up to his balls. I let out a scream. "Holy Fuck!!! Yes, fuck my ass!! I'm fucking your boyfriend's big dick!! He's gonna make me cum all over his meat!!! Fuck me harder bitch!"

For such a slender woman Tia could fuck like a piston. She pounded that fake cock so far and so hard into my ass it made me go mad on Rich's dick. He moaned and groaned under me as I ate that cock up with my pussy, squeezing those muscles, milking him till he was yelling..."You're gonna make me cum!!"

"I want you to cum hard for me!! Fill my pussy up with that fucking cum of yours so I can lick it clean!!" I squeezed my cunt muscles as hard as I could as I drove my pussy down hard on that dick as the one in my ass gave me an even greater force. "Oh, god, you'd better hurry, cause I'm fucking cumming!!!"

My cunt started spasming around his shaft and Tia kept pounding away at my ass, bringing me to orgasm again and again as I milked Rich's dick taking him along with me, mixing his cum with my own. I could feel the mixture seeping around his dick waiting to be unleashed as I pulled myself off him backing up onto Tia's strap on once more and falling to the bed beside Rich.

Tia smiled at us both before undoing the strap on. "You two can rest while I lick you clean, then you'd better be prepare to reciprocate cause I have a couple hole's that need filling too!!" She laughed and proceeded to clean us up!