 PRELUDE

The four divorced women were gathered at Joan's house for an afternoon of Bridge. It had become a ritual that each Wednesday they would play cards in the morning, have lunch and then enjoy sex with each other. Each week they rotated the location so that each woman had an opportunity to host the group. The sex toys were always cleansed following their activities and the next week's hostess would take charge of them. This week Joan announced that she was going to be gone for a month as her mother was having hip surgery.

"So I guess that does it for Bridge for a while," Carol stated.

"Well we can still have fun as a threesome," Anna offered.

"I'm game. We will just skip the cards." Melissa agreed.

"Why don't you let my son sit in as a fourth? He is an excellent Bridge player and you three can still have your fun afterward," Joan suggested.

"Henry, no offense but he is such a nerd," Carol reacted.

"I think it is a fine idea. What have we got to lose by trying him out?" Melissa said.

Anna chimed in, "I agree. Let's give it a shot."

Joan was pleased and told the group, "Great I will tell him later. He'll host it here next week so that he's not too nervous."

"I'll take the toys today and host the sex at my house after bridge," Anna offered.

The women agreed that it was settled and they were anxious to get down to business. They began to remove their clothes. The 36 year old Melissa just let her sun dress drop to the floor and she was totally naked underneath. She was a beautiful woman with long straight blond hair, small pert like tits, gorgeous legs and a perfectly round bubble butt. Her body was completely golden tan.

Carol was a very pretty 38 year old redhead with ample breasts, shapely hips and ass. Anna at 40 years of age had more the Latin look, dark hair and eyes, olive skin and a very shapely 36-22-36 body. All of them kept their pussy hair well trimmed into cute little tufts and they were all very fit from hours of athletics. Joan at 46 was still in good shape with a little sag to her 34 B breasts.

The four of them moved into what Joan referred to as the playroom. The room was very spacious with soft bedding placed all around. Melissa and Carol lay on either side of Joan and began kissing her tits and sucking on her nipples. Anna moved between Joan legs and placed Joan's thighs on her shoulders, and then she began to lick Joan's pussy. Anna probed Joan's pussy with her fingers as she ate her to her first orgasm. Anna moved away and Joan was then turned over on all fours. Melissa slipped underneath her and began to lap at her pussy as Carol moved behind Joan and started to rim her asshole. 

Joan went wild and was soon bucking and humping again with orgasmic convulsions. Melissa and Carol switched places and continued their pussy lapping and ass rimming. Melissa had a longer thin tongue that probed deeply into Joan's ass, driving Joan insane. Anna moved to the front of Joan and positioned her pussy in Joan's face. As if it was the most natural thing in the world, Joan moved her mouth to Anna's cunt and began to eat her pussy. All the buildup had Anna so excited they she came in Joan's mouth immediately. Anna's pussy was replaced by Carol's and after her orgasm it was Melissa's turn. Joan sucked on their cunts as she was obsessed with their pussies. 

Anna got up and retrieved the sex toys; four dildos 2 strap-on dildos and 2 two headed dildos that had to be 16" long with a fake set of balls in the center. Anna strapped on one 7" dildo and Carol strapped on the other one that was about the same size. Carol lay on her back and Anna had Joan straddle the dildo and lower her pussy on it. Anna then greased up Joan's asshole and her strap-on. Anna pushed the fake cock all the way into Joan's asshole and then she and Carol began to fuck Joan's brains out. Joan was grunting and groaning and urging them on when Melissa offered her cunt to Joan. Joan plunged her tongue into Melissa's pussy without hesitation. 

The girls continued to work each other over; switching positions with the dildos and eating pussy. Joan was then rolled on her side and one of the two-headed dildos was placed in her pussy and the other one placed in her ass. Melissa got down facing Joan and pushed the other head of the dildo into her pussy. Carol got behind Joan and pushed the other dildo into her pussy as well. Anna slid her strap-on dick into Carol's asshole and the girls began to hump each other. 

Melissa reached up and played with Joan's tits while Anna reached around and fondled Carol's pert breasts. After Melissa came she pulled off the dildo turned around and this Henry placed the head into her asshole. Melissa pulled Joan's hands around so that she could play with her tits. Anna pulled out of Carol's ass and moved over to Melissa. She pushed the strap-on dildo into Melissa's cunt and humped the daylights out of her. 

They continued into the late afternoon until they were exhausted. Afterward they showered, dressed and cleansed the sex toys. Anna bagged them to take with her for next week's fun and games. Leaving Joan's house they thanked her for another great day and wished her well with her mother. 

HENRY IS FULL OF SURPRISES

Henry worked as a tech support person from home most of the Henry. A computer geek, he would often make service calls to people's homes. He really looked the nerd part as he was 5'5" tall and weighed a scrawny 140 pounds. Henry wore glasses and he liked to wear bow ties when going on calls. He liked to play cards and he was excellent at counting them and keeping track in his mind. When his mother Joan asked him to fill in for her while she was away, he was at first nervous even though he knew the women. Reluctantly he agreed and the following Wednesday the women arrived at 10:00 AM.

After a few hands, Henry relaxed and got comfortable playing cards with the women. The morning flew by for him and it was Henry for lunch. Melissa helped Henry serve the food and drinks. Following lunch Melissa stayed and helped Henry clean up. She told Anna that she would be over shortly. Anna and Carol left somewhat anxious to get started with the sex toys.

As Melissa assisted Henry she was trying to hurry so she could join Anna and Carol. In her haste she knocked over a glass of iced tea and it landed it Henry's lap. Melissa was embarrassed and she quickly grabbed some napkins and began to blot the wet spot on Henry's crotch. Henry was shocked by her actions as no woman had ever touched him there. He had no experience with women and his only sexual gratification had been masturbation. As Melissa blotted and dabbed his crotch he got an erection and Melissa was shocked by the size of it in his pants.

"Sweet Jesus, what do you have in there, a broomstick?"

"I'm sorry,"

"Don't be sorry. Take it out and let me see it."

"I couldn't."

"Okay, I'll do it then."

Melissa unzipped Henry's fly and with some difficulty she fished the horse cock out of his pants. She was mesmerized by the size of it and stared at it for several seconds. Melissa stood up and dropped her sun dress and quickly shed her panties and bra. Henry stared at her in her naked beauty as he saw a naked woman in the flesh for the first time in his life.

"Well are you going to take off your clothes or just stand there and look at me?" she asked.

Henry snapped out of his stupor and quickly shed his clothes. His cock stood out like a flag pole displaying his obvious desire. He looked odd as his cock was clearly out of proportion compared to the rest of his body. Melissa walked over to him and took a hold of his cock. Henry felt like he would cum any second as Melissa toyed with his dick. It was clear that Melissa was in complete control. Melissa pushed Henry back on the sofa and then she knelt before him. She placed both hands on his shaft and there was room for another set of hands.

You have a beautiful cock and I am going to enjoy sucking it," Melissa said in a very sultry tone.

Henry was speechless as he watched Melissa lower her head and engulf his cock in her warm sensuous mouth. He gasped as she closed her lips around it and then began to bob up and down. She couldn't get more than half of his cock in her mouth and she kept one hand wrapped around it so she didn't gag. No one had ever sucked his cock before and he almost lost it instantly.

Melissa continued to suck his cock and she swirled her tongue around and nibbled the head driving Henry crazy. Melissa sensed that he was close to blowing his load and she cupped his tight balls and massaged them as she tightened her mouth around his cock. That did it and Henry could feel his cum travel from his balls through his scrotum as he started to cum. He didn't know what to do or say because of his inexperience so he just let it happen.

Melissa stayed glued to his cock and swallowed the first blast of his seed as it rushed into her mouth. Henry came in droves and Melissa had to swallow quickly but even then it was too much for her and she pulled her mouth off of him. She held the massive cock in her hand as he continued to shoot. It was like holding a small hose in her hand. After several forceful streams, Melissa took the cock back in her mouth and sucked it dry. Henry could not believe how Melissa worked his cock and swallowed his cum. Melissa was pleased with his youthful discharge and she knew that he would be hard again in no time so that he could fuck her. 

Melissa sucked and nibbled and teased Henry to no end. Finally he begged her to stop and he slid back onto the sofa to rest and recover. Melissa sat next to him and turned his face toward hers. She kissed him deeply plunging her tongue into his mouth allowing him to sample the after taste of cum. Henry reached for her and took her in his arms. Henry fondled her tits, thighs and ass as they kissed. He could feel himself getting erect again as they cuddled, petted and kissed on the sofa.

"Come on, let's take this upstairs to your bedroom where we will be more comfortable," she said sexily.

Henry followed Melissa upstairs to her bedroom. He never took his eyes off of her shapely legs and killer ass the entire time. They entered his bedroom and Melissa turned to face him.

"Have you ever eaten pussy before?" she asked.

"No I haven't ever been with a woman," Henry confessed.

"Well I will teach you," Melissa told him.

Melissa got on back on his bed and spread her legs. Her hands went down to her pussy and she stroked her quim and opened it for Henry to see. Henry just stared at her in all her beauty lying on the bed. Her hair spread across the bed, her firm tits and hard nipples stuck up in the air and her voluptuous tanned body was splayed before him. Melissa held her arms open to him and then guided him to her body as he leaned in toward her.

Melissa coached him through every move of his first pussy eating experience. Henry buried his tongue in Melissa's pussy shoving it in as if he was fucking her. Melissa directed the action and she soon had him nibbling on her clit while he fingered her pussy. Henry was really getting into the action particularly because of the way he had Melissa squirming and tossing on the bed. Melissa moved her legs over Henry's shoulders and pulled his head closer to her pussy. Henry held on to Melissa's shapely buttocks and squeezed and fondled her firm ass cheeks as he ate her pussy.

"Oh, oh, yes right there. You got it. Suck it, chew on it eat me, oh!" Melissa cried out.

Henry continued to eat her pussy as he held her ass tightly in his hands. He then moved his hands up to her tits and found her hard nipples. He was fascinated with her breasts. Henry massaged her boobs and twirled her nipples in his fingertips as he continued to munch on her pussy and clit. Melissa was tossing and thrusting her pussy into Henry's face and calling for him to eat her.

"Stick your finger in my ass," screamed Melissa.

Henry was taken back by the demand. He snuck one hand behind Melissa's bottom and toyed with her asshole tickling the tight nether hole.

"Wet your finger in my pussy and put it in my ass," Melissa ordered.

Henry stuck his middle finger in Melissa's pussy and got it good and wet with her juices. He then positioned it at Melissa's asshole and shoved it in. Melissa gasped with the abrupt anal penetration but soon had Henry's finger buried in her ass. Henry pumped his finger in and out of Melissa's ass as he continued to maul her pussy with his mouth. Henry loved the feel of his finger in the warm recess of Melissa's ass.

Melissa stiffened and gasped aloud as she came on Henry's face. Henry held on to her with his finger still buried in her ass and his mouth glued to her cunt. He felt the waves of orgasm rock Melissa's body and his face was flooded with her cunt juice. Melissa kept humping his face until the last of her orgasms passed and she flopped back on the bed. He found he liked the taste of her but he really liked that way he made her cum. 

Henry slipped his finger from her ass and his hands found her breasts again. He stroked her tits and nipples as he gently licked her pussy dry of all her juices. Henry finished eating her and then sat up kneeling between Melissa legs. Henry followed Melissa's eyes to his cock and then he realized that he was hard again.

Melissa smiled at him and said, "That was marvelous, an outstanding first time. Now get that big cock in my pussy and fuck me!"

Henry leaned forward and aimed his cock at Melissa's pussy. She placed her hand around the base of his cock to control the entry. He slid in up to her hand and reveled in the warmth of her cunt. Henry began to pump his cock in and out of Melissa's pussy as she wrapped her shapely legs around his back. Melissa pulled him in with her legs and positioned herself so that her clit was in constant contact with his cock. She had never been so full and she loved the sensation. He was bigger then any of the dildos and she could hardly wait to tell Anna and Carol about him. Henry began to pound Melissa's pussy and Melissa humped her hips back at him just as hard. The two of them fucked each other frantically breathing heavy and grunting and moaning. Melissa had another orgasm but continued to fuck Henry toward his. Melissa lost count of her orgasms before Henry finally filled her pussy with his spunk. 

Melissa lost control and released his cock allowing him to plunge into her. She gasped as more cock filled her womb and touched unexplored territory. Henry stiffened and then thrust into her each time he felt his cum ejaculate. Melissa rocked with him and she clenched her cunt muscles squeezing every drop of cum from his cock. Henry collapsed on her body as he felt the last surge of cum leave his cock. Melissa held him tight as he relaxed his body. Henry had never felt so good in his life. He couldn't believe his good fortune in fucking Melissa.

Melissa rolled to her side and Henry rolled with her. They held to each other and gently caressed each other's sweaty body. Melissa pushed Henry on his back and then she kissed her way down his chest passed his stomach to his cock. Henry gasped in surprise when Melissa took his cock in her mouth and sucked it clean of their combined juices. Then she moved up his body and kissed him deeply shoving her tongue in his mouth again. Melissa wanted to be sure that he got to taste both of them and that he shed any inhibitions that he previously had.

"I can see that you are still ready for action. I love it in the ass. Will you fuck me in the ass?" Melissa asked sexily.

"I guess, if you want, yeah sure I'll do it," Henry replied somewhat stunned. 

Melissa smiled at him and then got off the bed. She retrieved some lubricant from the bathroom and handed it to Henry. Melissa then got on all fours and directed Henry to lube her ass. Henry got turned on by putting the lube in her asshole. He enjoyed fingering her hole and caressing her curvy ass. Melissa rotated her ass in arousal as Henry inserted a second finger into her bung hole.

"Okay I'm ready for your cock Henry but I want you to go easy. Wrap your hand around the base so that it doesn't all go in," ordered Melissa.

Henry knelt behind her and eased his hard cock into her ass up to where his hand held it. He worked it in slowly and reveled in the methodical penetration of her luscious ass. Melissa's ass was a warm tight receptacle. Melissa used her anal muscles to perfection as she massaged Henry's cock in her anal sheath. Henry caressed both of Melissa's gorgeous ass cheeks as he fucked her ass deeply. They both sensed he was about to cum again and Henry picked up his pace as Melissa squeezed his cock with more intensity. She reminded him to keep a hold of it. Melissa knew she could never take the entire length in her rectum.

"Cum in my ass, I want your cum in my ass," Melissa cried out.

Her words sent Henry over the edge and he fired his third load of the day into Melissa's hot ass. Melissa felt the warm sperm coat her rectal passage, a feeling that she loved. She squeezed her anal muscles and milked Henry's cock dry of every drop of cum. Henry continued to fuck her slowly until his cock softened and slipped from her ass. Henry just looked at her beautiful ass and watched as trickles of cum ran out of her ass across the lips of her pussy and down her inner thighs.

"Come on let's grab a shower and then I need to get back to Anna's house. They will be wondering what happened to me," Melissa instructed.

After showering they both got dressed and Melissa left the house. She thanked Henry for a wonderful afternoon. Henry asked if he would get to see her again. "You can count on it," she told him.

MELISSA CAN'T WAIT FOR BRIDGE

For the next two days Melissa was a little sore from her sex with Henry. Still she could not get the size of his cock out of her mind. She decided to pay him a visit on Saturday and if things went well she would stay night. Melissa missed morning sex and she was already thinking about Henry's big dick.

At Henry's house he had similar feelings. Melissa was his first and he could not get her lovely body out of his mind. He had trouble staying focused on his work as his mind kept drifting to the great sex he had with her. He got frequent erections on masturbated often as he pictured her in his bed. He was relived on Friday when she called him and told him that she would be over on Saturday.

Melissa arrived after lunch on Saturday and it had been all Henry could do to keep from jerking off thinking about her. She wore tight fitting jeans and a tank top without a bra. Henry got an immediate erection when he saw her with her stiff nipples pushing out the material of her tank top. Her ass looked perfect in the jeans and he had a flash back to when she took him in her bottom. He was still amazed that his cock could fit into such a small opening.

"Henry, I can see that you are glad to see me," she said as she ran her handover the impression of his erection.

Henry just gasped and stood frozen to the spot. "I think that we should relieve some of this pressure and then we can visit. Would you like to take me to your room again?"

He just nodded enthusiastically and followed Melissa up the stairs to his bedroom. He stared at her lovely bottom as she ascended the stairs. She teased him by exaggerating the movement of her buttocks. They entered his room and there were no preliminaries as they were both anxious to make love. Clothes flew off rapidly and Melissa in all her naked beauty stretched out on the bed. Henry's huge cock stood at attention indicating that he was clearly ready for action.

Melissa smiled at him as she reached for his cock and wrapped her hand around the base. She guided it into her pussy as he moved between her legs. She kept her hand in position so that he would not plow the entire length into her. Henry was so thrilled to be back in her again that he did not last more than a few minutes. His body tensed and he shot a huge load into her womb. Melissa could feel the cock pulsate in her hand and stream after stream was fired into her. It seemed as if he would not stop cumming and once again she was flooded with semen.
