 BRIDGE AT MELISSA'S HOME

Henry and the women arrived at Melissa's home at 10:00 AM on a Wednesday morning. The routine was the same, play bridge, have lunch and then have sex. Except this day unbeknown to Carol and Anna, Henry would substitute for the sex toys. Melissa had prepped Henry but he was still nervous even though he already had great sex with Melissa.

After plating cards all morning, Melissa served lunch. Carol and Anna sensed that Henry seemed nervous that day but they didn't know why. All the time he played cards with the women he kept thinking of what was yet to come. Several times he got an erection at the bridge table and he was thankful it wasn't noticed. As they ate Melissa explained that she had a surprise for the women that day. Melissa then went into incredible detail about her and Henry much to Henry's embarrassment. Melissa explained that Henry would be substituting for the sex toys that day. Anna then took the lead as the three women undressed in front of Henry.

"But he is so over dressed, let's help him get comfortable," Anna added.

Henry stood frozen to the spot as he was approached by Carol, Anna and Melissa. Henry of course had fucked Melissa so he had seen her naked before but it was the first time he had seen Anna and Carol naked. They were both attractive women with nice breasts, shapely legs and curvy asses. Anna took Henry's drink from his hand and set it down of a nearby table.

Henry was speechless as the three women undressed him. Carol dropped to her knees in front of him and untied his shoes. Anna then untied Henry's bow tie and then Melissa began to unbutton his dress shirt. Carol had by then removed both shoes and socks and Henry stood barefoot in the family room. Melissa unbuttoned the shirt down the middle while Anna unbuttoned the cuffs. Melissa and Anna removed the shirt from Henry's body as Carol unzipped his trouser fly. Henry's cock was rock hard beneath his boxer shorts and when Carol pulled his pants, the boxers tented in front of her.

Now naked except for his boxer shorts Henry trembled slightly as the three naked beauties took their time with him. They caressed his arms, chest and legs. Henry thought that he might cum at any moment and there was a wet spot on his boxers from his pre-cum. Carol, Anna and Melissa were all on their knees now staring at his erection outlined in his shorts. Then they took a hold of his shorts and pulled them down with painstaking slowness. Henry's erection caught in the waistband of his boxer shorts and then sprung free. His huge cock bobbed in front of the three beauties and Anna spoke softly.

"Melissa said you had a big cock and she was right," Anna whispered sexily. 

"Is that even human?" Carol teased.

Carol then took Henry's cock in her mouth and sucked on it. She could only get about half of it in her mouth. Her head bobbed up and down and then she passed the cock to Anna who sucked on it briefly before passing it to Melissa. Then Melissa sucked on it and passed it back to Carol. This continued until Henry was ready to shoot his wad. "I'm going to cum," he yelled.

Carol took the cock from her mouth and jerked on it until Henry began to spray his load. The first stream hit Carol on her forehead and then giggling she pointed at Anna who took a shot on her face. Then it was aimed at Melissa and she was far enough away that the third stream landed on her tits. Carol aimed the cock at her own tits and the Anna's tits. When Henry stopped shooting Carol took his cock back in her mouth and sucked him dry. Henry was so excited that it was easy for Carol to keep in hard in her mouth.

"Okay, now on your back," Anna directed.

Henry did as he was told and laid down on the floor on his back. Anna straddled him and lowered her pussy onto his cock and rode him until she climaxed. Carol took her turn and rode Henry's cock until she attained her orgasm. Next it was Melissa who took her turn with Henry. Henry felt that he was close to cumming several times but each time he got close whoever he was fucking slowed the pace so that he lasted longer. By the time Rachel got off of him Henry was ready to explode.

"Let him fuck you in the ass again Melissa. I want to see him cum on your buns," Anna directed.

Melissa positioned herself on all fours on the floor as Henry kneeled behind her. Anna told Henry to put lotion on his cock and use saliva on it to make it very slick. Henry took the lotion from Anna who handed it to him and he put an ample amount on his cock. Then he spit in his hand and stroke it briefly. Henry placed his hand around the base of his shaft and then eased his cock into Melissa's very shapely ass and fucked her slowly. He wanted to last while he was in her beautiful ass but he was too far gone from all the sex. Anna sensed that Henry was about to cum.

"Don't cum in her, pull out and cum on her ass," Anna ordered.

Henry did as he was told and pulled his cock out of Melissa's asshole just before he ejaculated. He sprayed cum all over Melissa's marvelous ass and it was an incredible turn on for him. He stroked his cock as he aimed it at Melissa's ass and he watched as his semen bounced off her anus and buttocks. Instinctively without waiting for any instructions from Anna he put his cock back in Melissa's ass. Melissa used her sphincter muscles to squeeze the remaining cum from Henry's cock. Henry left his dick in Melissa's ass until it softened and slipped from her chute. 

"Okay everyone, let's take a dip in the pool and refresh our bodies," Melissa directed.

Melissa's home was a modest one but she had a swimming pool and Jacuzzi in the back yard which was totally private. The four of them entered the pool and let the temperate water soothe and cleanse their bodies. After a few minutes in the pool, Melissa ordered everyone into the Jacuzzi. The four of them entered the hot tub and found a seat. Melissa turned on the jets and they positioned themselves to enjoy the stimulation. The women had used the Jacuzzi before and they each had their favorite set of jets. They would use the jets to douche their pussies and anal areas and let the streams tickle their clits. The four of them started playing with each other and they soon had Henry hard again. The women took turns sitting on Henry's cock and riding him until they had an orgasm. Anna was the first one to ride Henry's cock and she cautioned him not to cum again. 

One by one the women rode Henry's cock until they were done with him and then they got out of the Jacuzzi. They went back in the house and Henry fucked both Carol and Anna doggy style. They knelt side by side and Henry moved from one pussy to the other. Melissa lay on her back and offered her pussy to the women to be licked while Henry fucked them. Henry felt his balls tighten and he knew he was going to cum again. 

He pulled out and shot his load on Carol's and Anna's buttocks. "Damn you can cum in buckets," Carol blurted out when she felt the warm semen on her skin.

Henry stroked his cock dry and then put it back in Anna's pussy. Carol straddled Melissa and they engaged in oral sex in a 69 position. Henry got turned on watching the two gorgeous women pleasure each other and he surprised himself by cumming so quickly a third time. Once again he pulled out and shot his load on Anna's buttocks. He watched as Anna joined the other two on the floor and they maneuvered around so that they were all eating pussy.

Henry quietly got dressed and left Melissa's house. He was thrilled that he got to have sex with the other two women and he wondered if next time he would get to fuck Carol and Anna in the ass. Henry drove home feeling very manly and sexually sated. He hoped he would see them again before next Wednesday.

PLANS FOR HENRY

The next day Melissa called Henry and told him that he would have visitors on the weekend. Saturday Carol and Anna would be stopping by and on Sunday Melissa would see him. Melissa also had a game plan for Henry to begin his transition from nerd to stud. She would reveal that plane to him after they had sex on Sunday. Melissa had already discussed it with Anna and Carol and they agreed with the approach and offered to help out as needed.

Anna arrived on Saturday before Carol. Henry and Anna were already naked and at it by the time Carol arrived. When Henry did not come to the front door, Carol tried the handle and found it open. She entered the house and called out to Henry. 

"In the family room," he called back. 

Carol entered the family room and smiled when she saw both of them naked and Anna on her knees sucking Henry's massive cock. Carol thought back to Wednesday when she had sucked that cock and felt it in her pussy

"Carol, how good to see you," Anna said as she stood up to greet Carol.

Carol could not help but see Anna's dark bush glisten when her legs parted as she stood up. Carol quickly recalled how tasty Anna was when Carol licked her pussy. Anna walked up to Carol and kissed her deeply. Carol kissed back and the two of them plunged their tongues into the other's mouth. Anna wrapped her arms around Carol and held her tight as they kissed and Carol could feel the breasts press into her own through the material. Carol momentarily forgot about Henry as she and Anna kissed but then she felt his presence behind her.

Henry knelt down behind Carol and with painstaking slowness he pulled her slacks down to her knees. Just as slowly he lowered her panties to her knees baring her beautiful ass. Carol trembled in Anna's arms when she felt Henry's breath on her buttocks. Without breaking their kiss, Anna then lifted Carol's blouse above her breasts and unfastened Carol's bra. Carol felt her pert naked breasts press against Anna's tits and their rock hard nipples rubbed together.

Carol was seemingly in another world as she was about to experience her first threesome in Joan's home. Carol wondered what Joan would think if she could see her son at that moment. Henry was rubbing and caressing Carol's curvy ass as he planted soft wet kisses on her buttocks. Carol's shivered when Henry's tongue slid in between her ass cheeks and licked all the way up to her tailbone and back down to her nether hole. Carol groaned into Anna's mouth when she felt the familiar sensation as Henry's tongue probed her rosebud. Melissa had taught him well.

Carol felt Henry pry her buttocks apart and then lick her nether hole getting it very wet. He then blew on her wet asshole and Carol felt the slight chill caused by his blowing on her wet anus. Anna kissed Carol deep as she ran her hands up between their bodies and cupped Carol's lovely tits. Carol followed Anna's lead and she reached up and fondled Anna's ample firm breasts. Carol then felt something in her ass and she realized that Henry was lubricating her anus. Carol and Anna kissed and fondled each other as Henry prepared Carol's ass for his cock. Carol then felt Henry as he stood up behind her and as he did, Anna broke their embrace and dropped to her knees in front of Carol.

Anna pulled Carol's pants and panties all the way down her legs and Carol lifted one leg at a time so that Anna could remove them. Anna knelt naked in front of Carol. Then Anna parted Carol's legs and stroked her pussy. Carol was soaking wet and she felt Anna's fingers enter her vagina. Carol groaned and then shivered as her body felt tingles run through it when Anna moved her mouth to Carol's pussy. Carol placed her hands on Anna's shoulders to balance herself as Anna began her magic on Carol's cunt. 

"Lean over just a little bit more," Henry whispered.

Carol felt Henry push her gently so that she had to lean forward over Anna and then she felt Henry's cock slide into her lubricated asshole. It had been days since Carol had anything in her ass and Henry was larger than the dildo. She was thankful that he held on to the base of his cock so that all of it did not go in. The fit was tight but not painful and Henry was gentle as he slowly fed her his cock. Carol's hands moved down to Anna's back as Carol was bent over further. Anna had her mouth fastened on Carol's pussy as Henry drilled her ass from behind. Carol was going wild with desire and she felt her orgasm building in her loins. Carol squealed out loud as her orgasm rocked her body and she drenched Anna's face. 

"Oh, oh, oh," Carol moaned as she orgasmed.

All the while Henry continued to slowly fuck her ass and caress her lovely buttocks. He continued to compliment Carol on her beautiful ass and he told her how good she looked with his cock sliding in and out of it. Carol had a massive orgasm and her entire body shook with the intensity of it. Anna then moved away from Carol and she lay on her back on the floor. Anna then beckoned Carol to come to her as she spread her legs baring her tasty pussy. As if in a trance Carol descended between Anna's legs, knowing full well what she was expected to do. 

Carol's mouth covered Anna's pussy much to the delight of Anna and Henry. Carol felt her body positioned so that Henry could continue to fuck her in the ass while she ate Anna's pussy. Henry's cock was moving smoothly now gliding in and out of Carol's shapely ass. As much as he tried to hold off cumming it was all too much for him and he exploded in Carol's rectum. Carol felt the surge of semen flood her ass and it reminded her of how good it had felt the very first time a man had cum in her ass. Carol liked the feeling of the warm liquid coating her anal passage and filling her rectum. Henry left his cock in Carol's ass and she massaged it with her sphincter muscle keeping Henry hard.

Anna was the next to cum and she threw her pelvis up into Carol's face as she reached up with both hands and held Carol securely. Carol's head was locked to Anna's cunt and she opened her mouth to receive Anna's love juices. Anna came so hard that she actually squirted and Carol drank down every drop. Anna held Carol's head tightly until she had reached her climax and then she released Carol as she fell backward on the floor. Anna was not idle long though as she scrambled to her feet leaving Carol with Henry's cock still in her ass.

"God that was so good. I'll be right back," Anna announced as she momentarily left the room.

Within minutes Anna was back into the family room wearing the strap-on dildo which was very familiar to Carol. Anna lay back down on the floor with the dildo sticking straight up. 

"I was hoping that we would get to use this again," Anna announced.

Anna told Carol to sit on her cock and in order to do so Henry removed his cock from Carol's asshole. Carol then moved over the dildo and lowered her pussy onto the fake cock. Carol moved around so the rubber dick nestled comfortably in her pussy and then she felt Henry behind her again.

"Stay perfectly still until he is back in your ass," Anna whispered.

Carol remained still impaled on the fake cock as Henry positioned himself to re-enter her ass. Carol felt Henry's impressive cock slide back in her asshole and she felt incredibly full with the double penetration. Carol wondered what else might be in store for her before they were done with her that day. The fake cock rubbed against her clit as it slid in and out. Carol knew that she would cum again and it would be at any minute. Anna also benefited from the fake cock as the nub at her end rubbed against her sensitive clit. Soon both women were screaming as another orgasm sent their bodies into spasm. Henry rode out the storm keeping his cock buried in Carol's ass but he did not cum this time.

As the two women lay motionless on the floor Henry eased his cock out of Carol's bottom. Carol then lifted her body off the fake cock and lay face down on the floor. Anna rested only for a few minutes before she got behind Carol and lifted her by the hips. Carol kept her head down on the floor turned to one side and she watched as Anna knelt behind her. Then she felt Anna's talented tongue move between her buttocks. Anna tongued Carol's ass and Carol felt the semen ooze out of her anus. Henry then moved behind Anna and slipped his cock in her ass.

Henry began to fuck Anna as she made love to Carol's ass. Carol looked over her shoulder so that could watch the both of them as she had her butt reamed out by Anna's tongue. Carol was getting turned on again as she had become insatiable at the hands of her two lovers. Carol had never thought it was possible to have an orgasm from anal foreplay but what Henry and Anna were able to do her ass was incredible. Carol heard Anna groan as Henry drilled her ass and then she heard the gasp that signaled that Henry had cum in Anna's ass. 

Anna's tongue ran up and down in the crack of Carol's ass kissing and probing Carol's anus and pussy. When Anna sensed that Carol was close to another orgasm, she fastened her mouth on Carol's pussy and sucked the clit like she would a cock. Carol screamed as a massive climax rocked her body and her ass gyrated out of control. Anna tried to stay with Carol but the movements and undulations were too violent. Henry enjoyed watching Carol's ass as it seemingly humped the air. Carol collapsed on the floor and Anna moved next to her. Henry stared at the two incredible asses on the floor in front of him and he was pleased that he had been privileged to fuck both of them. The three of them were sexually sated for the moment but they had the whole evening ahead of them.

ENCORE WITH MELISSA

Melissa arrived on Sunday after lunch and there were no preliminaries between them. Henry was more than ready and Melissa was dying to sample that cock again. They went straight to Henry's room, stripped and got in bed. Melissa stared hungrily at his huge cock and then reached out with her tiny hand to stroke it. She marveled at its size and wondered how she had ever handled it the first few times he had fucked her but now it was no problem taking all of him in her pussy. Henry sighed as she masturbated him gently.

Melissa leaned forward and her tongue snaked out and lapped at his ball sac lightly, then she gently licked up and down his shaft. Her tongue circled his cock head as she slowly took the head of his penis into her mouth. Her lips slid further down the shaft as she was able to take half of his cock in her mouth drawing a moan from him. Melissa began to bob her head back and forth on his cock, sucking hard on his huge member and testing her gag line. She was able to get about six inches of his cock in her mouth. 

Henry watched as Melissa sucked ravenously on his oversized cock. Her small hand cupped his balls and gently caressed them as her tongue licked at the head of his dick each time it came out of her mouth. Henry placed his hands on the back of her head and guided her as she gave him another incredible blowjob. He loved the way she sucked his cock. She was so hot and he couldn't believe his good fortune as he held her hair back to watch her pretty face and sensuous mouth. Melissa kept her eyes closed with her lips snugly wrapped around his shaft as she bobbed back and forth. She was incredibly turned on and her pussy was already soaked. 

Henry announced that he was cumming and Melissa clamped down on his cock determined to swallow every drop of his seed. She could feel his cock jerk in her hand as volley after volley bounced off the back of her throat. Melissa swallowed as quickly as she could and did not allow a drop to escape her mouth. She continued to suck on his cock milking it dry of his sperm. Then Melissa took the cock from her mouth and Henry watched as she squeezed more cum out the end of his dick. Melissa then wrapped her lips around it and sucked his man juice dry. She nibbled on his dick head causing him to shiver and to push her away. Henry's cock stayed hard though and Melissa marveled at the impressive organ before her.

Melissa lay back on the bed and displayed her beautiful neatly trimmed pussy to her lover. She opened her legs and smiled at him. Henry knelt before Melissa at the end of her bed and kissed her from her knee up her soft thighs towards her womanhood. He took in the lovely smell of her as he kissed her smooth creamy white skin just beside her vagina. Melissa was in a state of ecstasy and her heart pounded as she watched him lick her. Her cunt lips quivered as he teased them with his tongue and kissed her everywhere she desired. Henry's tongue was long and probed deep into the inner walls of her pussy.
