 WHAT A WEEK IT HAD BEEN

Henry was lying in bed on Saturday morning stroking his huge cock as he recalled the events of the past week. When he reported into work on Monday the security guard did not recognize him at first. He told Henry to go to the security office and get a new picture ID since he no longer looked like the nerd pictured on his current one. Other people in the office were also surprised at his transformation. A few people took him out for a drink after work to celebrate his new look.

The secretary Lisa had joined the group for a drink and she drank a little too much. She insisted that he be the one to drive her home. On the way home Lisa got amorous and sucked Henry's cock while he was driving. She was an excellent cock sucker and Henry came in her mouth. Lisa swallowed every drop of Henry's cum and then complimented him on his impressive cock. Henry dropped Lisa off at her house and then he went home. He had worried all night about the encounter and how he would face her again.

Lisa was not only the boss's secretary but she was married. Henry had never had sex with a married woman before and it had made him nervous. It was different with the divorced women. Lisa was 10 years older than Henry but she was attractive with short blonde hair, small tits, shapely legs and a great ass. The following day Henry learned more about Lisa in particular how she loved to take it in the ass.

He was working at home on Tuesday when he was called to the office. Lisa called and said that his boss Jim needed to speak to him. Henry went to the office hoping the meeting wouldn't take long and he was greeted by Lisa. She led him into the office and then she closed and locked the door. Henry's boss Jim was no where in sight. Henry was nervous in the presence of Lisa and he thought that she was going to speak to him about Monday night. Henry recalled that conversation and the events to follow.

"Lisa about last night, I'm sorry that I got carried away. I shouldn't have let you do that," Henry stammered.

Lisa smiled and then spoke, "You silly young man. I loved it. I loved sucking your cock and swallowing your cum. You have a great cock, that's why I called you this morning. I want to suck you again. You shouldn't have been keeping that wonderful dick of yours such a secret."

Henry was floored, "Here, now, in Jim's office, where's Jim?"

"Jim's out of town silly," Lisa told him and then she dropped to her knees and began to unbuckle Henry's belt.

"Lisa, please don't do that. You're married, this is Jim's office," Henry pleaded.

"Oh stop your fussing. Jim and I do this all the time. A day doesn't go by that Jim doesn't have his cock in my mouth, pussy or ass."

Henry heard her but he still had a difficult time believing her. However he heard her say in her ass and that got his attention. "He fucks you in the ass?"

"Yes, I love it in the ass. Would you like to fuck me in the ass? I bet you would," Lisa replied in a sexy tone.

She stood up and went over to Jim's desk. She took some lube and paper towels from Jim's desk. She then leaned over the desk and pulled her skirt up over her back and lowered her panties to her knees. Henry stared at her shapely gorgeous ass and he could not contain himself. He dropped his pants and moved closer to her. She handed him the lube and told him to get her ass ready for his cock. Henry lubed up her ass and his cock. He fucked her ass until he came flooding her rectum. Henry was thinking about that encounter when the phone rang that Saturday morning. 

It was Anna and she told him that she and Carol would be over after lunch. Henry said he would see them later and he returned to thinking about the past week. After his encounter with Lisa he left the office to make a few service calls. His first call was with a woman named Holly. Her computer had locked up due to a virus and she didn't know how to remove it. She had opted for a service call rather than try to lug it in for tech support.

As it turned out it was a virus that Henry was very familiar with and one that usually attached itself to porn sites. He was sure that Holly had been watching porn when her computer was attacked by the virus. Henry explained the virus to her and that he would run a scan on it. The scan would take about an hour. As Henry went to work, Holly had become intrigued with the handsome young man particularly with his big package that was obvious in his tight slacks.

Holly had fucked younger guys before and that day she was particularly horny. Her 35-25-35 figure did not escape Henry's eyes and Holly knew that he was checking her out. She spotted that his cock was hard in his pants. Holly offered him some lemonade and told Henry to sit with her while the scan ran on her computer. They sat around for awhile chatting. Holly was really getting horny and she couldn't get her mind off sex. Henry had similar thoughts and he stayed hard most of the time as he admired Holly's body in her shorts and halter top. Henry left the kitchen table and checked on the virus scan. When he returned to the kitchen, Holly had stripped off her clothes and stood naked in the room.

When he saw Holly standing there naked, he moved quickly. He came over to Holly and pushed her up against the refrigerator. Henry dropped to his knees and drove his face into Holly's vulva. Holly gasped aloud as she felt Henry's tongue enter her vagina and seek out her clit. She was thrilled that the young stud went right for her pussy with his mouth. Within minutes Holly was writhing and holding onto Henry's head as he ate her through a string of orgasms. Holly was weak kneed and she sank to the floor. Henry peeled off his pants and plunged his big cock right into Holly's pussy. Holly grunted as the huge cock made its way into her hot hole.

Holly was flat on her back now and she wrapped her legs around Henry's body as he pounded her pussy. Holly just seemed to go from one orgasm to the other as Henry drove toward his own release. Henry then stiffened and fired a huge amount of spunk into Holly's quim. Holly moaned as she felt the warm fluid fill her womb. Henry's cock kept moving within her and Holly realized that he wasn't going soft. Henry's cock swam around in the combined love juices as he continued to fuck a tiring Holly. Holly begged him to let her rest a minute but Henry just turned her over on all fours and then fucked her doggy style.

Henry picked up the pace as he approached his release and Holly reached between her legs and fingered her clit. Henry tensed and then he unloaded in Holly's womb. He was so excited that he flooded her with another enormous amount of semen. Holly felt the huge load fill her. Henry stayed in her until his cock was drained and then he pulled it slowly from Holly's pussy. Holly felt a huge void in her as the cock left her vagina.

Henry redressed while Holly cleaned herself up. She also got dressed again and then Henry checked on the computer. The scan was complete and the virus was removed. He showed Holly how to log on to the internet with a special code that would trap the virus. He explained that the next time it happened that all she had to do was restart the computer. Henry told her to feel free to call on him again if she had any needs. Henry thought how easy that had been and now he wondered if he might have other sexual encounters when he made service calls.

He thought about that past Wednesday which was bridge and sex with Anna, Carol and the insatiable Melissa. That day they skipped bridge and had sex before lunch and after lunch. Thursday was an uneventful day but Friday was something else. Each weekday always started with his personal trainer Patty. However the last Friday would be a day to remember. Henry recalled the conversation and that morning. 

"So Henry, I have to ask you something," Patty steered the conversation during the workout, "I know that you have been checking out my ass when we work out. I see you looking at other women's bottoms too. Are you into anal sex? Do you enjoy that?"

"I have to be honest. I do like anal and I think that the female bottom is incredibly sexy. Melissa got me started with anal and then Anna and Carol let me do them too," Henry admitted.

"Well, it seems that you and I have similar desires. Unfortunately, my husband isn't into it and despite my efforts he will not hear of it."

"That's his loss; you have a great looking ass."

"Thank you, I guess, but you have only seen me in shorts."

"Well I can tell that it is very firm and shapely."

"I think we better change the topic."

"Why? I like talking about your ass. In fact I think that we should do it."

"Do it?"

"Yes, have anal sex together. It can be our secret. We should try it and see if we are right for each other. I would love to make love to your ass."

"I can't believe what I am hearing. I have not been unfaithful to my husband."

"Maybe having anal sex isn't being unfaithful. Since it's something that you want that he won't give you."

"I don't think that that justifies being unfaithful."

"Well that's my opinion. I say we give it a try."

"I don't know. It is tempting though. Can I count on you being discreet?"

"Absolutely, why don't you come to my bedroom and we will start with a nice massage."

"I can't believe that I am agreeing to this."

They finished the workout and then went to Henry's bedroom. Patty's panties were wet when she undressed and she realized that she had been turned on by the discussion. She was trembling like a school girl as she thought about what was to happen. Patty noticed the bulge in his shorts and she knew he was hard from just thinking about her ass. 

"First, here are the rules. No kissing, no vaginal sex, no oral sex and you are not to touch my pussy. This is only for our mutual anal pleasure," she spelled out to him.

"I'm cool with all that. Now let's finally get a look at your lovely ass," he replied. He was surprised with his own assertiveness and he had Melissa to thank for that.

Henry turned Patty so that her back was to him. He dropped to his knees and pulled her shorts along with her panties down her legs. Henry pulled them down slowly over her buttocks as if he was unveiling a work of art. When her ass came into view it was as if he had unveiled a masterpiece. Her ass was perfect. The skin was flawless, the glutes were firm and the shape was magnificent. 

"Patty, you have a beautiful ass," he whispered.

She didn't speak but her body shivered slightly and goose bumps appeared briefly on her skin. Henry lowered the shorts and panties all the way down her legs and she stepped out of them. Patty could feel his breath on her buttocks. Henry next placed light kisses on her bottom causing her to gasp. She then felt his tongue tease her tailbone and dip into crevice between her cheeks. 

Henry had suspected she kept her bottom clean as she smelled very fresh. He held her buttocks in each hand and gently pried them apart exposing her nether hole. Looking at her snug anus, Henry would have never guessed that she had done anal before. He leaned in and dipped his tongue between her buttocks and let it dance over her anus. Patty gasped aloud when she felt his tongue touch her most private part. 

He continued to caress her buttocks and rim her anus driving her wild. Patty took off her tee and rubbed her small firm breasts as Henry made love to her ass. Her nipples were rock hard and she rolled them in her fingers. She let one hand drop to her pussy and she rubbed her already stiff clit. A mild orgasm snuck up on her and she groaned softly.

"Henry, let's go to your bed," she said hurriedly.

Patty moved toward his bed and lay face down on it. Henry pulled off his tee shirt and dropped his shorts. His cock was rock hard showing that he was in a state of desire. Patty stole a glance at his erection and she was nervous by what she saw. Henry was bigger than she had ever seen. He moved over to the bed and rubbed her buttocks in both hands. 

He took the lotion that he kept nearby and applied an ample amount to her ass. He rubbed her buttocks and let his hand run up and down her crack. He put one finger in her anus and lubed her until she loosened up. Next he added a second finger and once she stretched out more he removed his fingers. He lifted her by her hips so that her ass was level with his cock. Patty's head was on the Henryress turned to the side as she anticipated what she had missed for so long. 

Henry applied lotion to his cock and then added his saliva making it very slick. He moved in behind Patty and eased his cock ever so slowly into her anal passage. The soft mushroom head pressed in and cleared her sphincter. He paused briefly before feeding her more of his cock. Little by little, inch by inch, he entered her ass until he was half way in. He was so turned on from watching the penetration that he was afraid he might cum too soon. He stayed still for several seconds before he started to move.

Patty's hand was between her legs rubbing her clit. She was incredibly turned on and extremely happy that she once again had a stiff dick in her ass. Henry began fucking her slowly and he continued to caress her lovely curvy ass. He was mesmerized by the sight of his engorged cock moving in and out between the cheeks of her gorgeous ass. Henry kept one hand wrapped around the base of his cock as to not hurt her with too deep a penetration. He felt her sphincter tighten around his shaft and heard her moan as she had gotten herself off with her fingers. Henry felt his release building in his scrotum. His body tensed, his toes tightened and he held to her hips as he came in her ass. Patty felt the volcanic like ejaculation in her rectum as six streams of semen filled her like never before. 

Each time his cock pulsated, she felt another jet shoot into her. When he stopped shooting he leaned over her and hugged her tightly with his cock still in her ass. Patty instinctively contracted her sphincter around his cock and released it several times as if she was milking it dry. Henry stayed hard and he knew that he could fuck her ass again but he decided to pull out and give her a break. He backed out, sat on his haunches and stared at her lovely ass. He watched his semen ooze out of her anus and trickle down between her legs and over her pussy. 

Patty then got out of bed and dashed for the bathroom where she expunged the semen from her rectum. She cleaned out her passage and returned to the bedroom. Henry was lying on his back and she noticed that his dick was still hard. She got back on all fours and spoke to him in a sexy tone.

"That was incredible. Now why don't we do that again? It looks like you're ready."

"Gladly, I will never tire of fucking this wonderful ass," he replied.

Henry used the lotion and his saliva as he had before and reentered her marvelous ass. It took him longer to cum the second time but not much longer than the first. His second load was almost as voluminous as his first and Patty had to douche herself again there was so much of it. She dressed and left Henry naked in bed reminding him that she would see him next week. Henry knew that now they would add anal sex to their morning workout routine.

Henry stopped stroking his cock that Saturday morning. It was great that he didn't have to masturbate anymore since he was getting plenty of pussy. He would be indebted to Melissa forever for her efforts to transform his appearance. He saw the time and decided to get up and eat a hearty breakfast. He showered and checked himself out in the mirror. He liked what he saw as he was clearly muscling up and he looked good. He dressed and then ate breakfast, three poached eggs on wheat toast, juice and coffee. The ladies would be over in a few hours and he wanted to be rejuvenated for those insatiable lovers. He wondered what Anna and Carol had cooked up for that afternoon.

ANNA AND CAROL GET A LITTLE KINKY

The two women arrived after lunch on Saturday. Carol and Anna were both wearing tight shorts and tube tops. Their protruding nipples were very obvious in the tube tops. They had brought two bags with them. One bag contained wine and cheese. Henry was curious as to what was in the other bag. Carol served the cheese and Anna opened and poured the wine. Henry sat in the chair across from the sofa which the two women sat on. After a few minutes Carol and Anna put their wine glasses down and moved close to each other. Henry watched with interest as Carol and Anna embraced and kissed.

"Would you like to see us make love again?" Carol asked in a sultry tone.

"Absolutely," Henry replied anxiously.

"Well watch and enjoy," Carol told him.

Henry took a sip of his wine and ogled the two beauties as they began to make love. They kissed and moved their hands under the each other's tub top. They caressed each other's breasts and rolled the nipples between their thumbs and forefingers. Carol then removed Anna's tube top and Anna removed Carol's. They continued to kiss and fondle each other's breasts and every so often they would look at Henry and smile. Henry had a massive erection and he rubbed it through his shorts.

Carol next dropped to her knees and slowly pulled down Anna's shorts and panties. She positioned the naked Anna on the sofa with her legs open and Carol lapped at Anna's enticing pussy. Anna moaned with delight but it wasn't long before they switched positions and Anna removed the rest of Carol's clothes. Anna moved between Carol's legs and licked at her pretty pussy. Henry was anxious to take off his clothes and join them but he wanted to see what would happen next.

Minutes later Carol and Anna moved into a 69 position with Carol on the top. Henry nearly creamed his drawers as he watched the erotic scene between the two women. Finally he couldn't take anymore and he stripped naked. His impressive cock stood straight out as he approached the two girls. Carol saw him and she motioned with her hand toward her. Henry moved over and Carol took his cock right into her mouth. She sucked him a few times and then she put his cock in Anna's pussy.

Henry began fucking Anna and Carol rubbed his balls, Carol would take his cock out of Anna's cunt, suck on it briefly and put it back in. This went on for several minutes before Carol told Anna to ride Henry's cock. Henry got on his back on the floor and Anna straddled him lowering her pussy onto his rigid shaft. Henry reached up and fondled Anna's tits as she rode him. Carol retrieved some lube and began to finger Anna's anus.

Carol went to the other bag and produced a set of pink anal beads and showed them to Anna and Henry, "These are for your tight ass," Carol announced.

Anna moaned in anticipation. Carol pushed one bead after the other into Anna's ass until all five were in place. The string with a small tab dangled from Anna's ass as she continued to ride Henry's cock. Carol ran her hands all over Anna's shapely buttocks and Anna groaned softly. Carol told Anna to get off of Henry and for them to move into the missionary position.

Henry reentered Anna's cunt and began to fuck her rapidly. Carol produced another set of anal beads and held them in front of Henry's face. "Pink for girls and blue for boys," she giggled and then asked, "Have you ever had anything in your ass?"

"Nothing except your finger," Henry replied nervously.

"Well these are not any thicker than my finger and they will intensify your cumming," Carol replied sexily.

One by one Carol pushed all five of the small blue anal beads into Henry's ass. Just like Anna, Henry had string with a small tab dangling from his anus. Henry was surprised when Carol told him to get off Anna as he was sure that he would fuck her until they both came. Carol then moved into a 69 position with Anna and the two of them went to work on each other's pussy. Henry noticed that Carol anus was slick with lube and he took that as an invitation to fuck Carol in the ass.
