 This story is based on the true account of how I finally got my dream girl with a little help from a friend. The names have been changed to protect the not-so innocent.

Her name was Natasha and she had filled my dreams for over two years. When I was still a sophomore and she a freshman at our large, northeastern university, I had gone into a lecture hall of 500 seats and sat down next to her since she was the hottest girl in class. Long auburn hair with highlights and deep soulfull eyes, her cheeks that dimpled when she smiled. She had been born in The Soviet Union and had a voice and accent that could melt a glacier, and absolutely beautiful 36D breasts which at 17 still had bounce and practically begged to be sucked

But it wasn’t in the look. She had that rare quality that when she walked, she oozed sex out of every pore of her body. Every one wanted her, and she gave the illusion that everyone had a shot at her, although nothing was further from the truth. Yes, she had class and style, and getting her into bed was for awhile my life’s ambition. 

For some reason we had never connected. Sure, we had played around, and I had held those beautiful breasts on a few occasions, but somehow there always seemed to be a roommate knocking at the door, or some unexpected event that had kept us from fulfilling my goal. That was about to change.

*****

I could not believe David had gotten engaged. Dave was my roommate, and he and I had been best friends since high school. He knew every detail of my on again-off-again, friends/lovers/friends relationship with Natasha and had decided after 2 years that I was a hopeless case. In the meantime he had gotten engaged to April, a stunning blonde with a perfect body and according to Dave a distinct affection for the taste of cum. How he, at 5’7’ and a couple extra pounds had gotten this 5’9” goddess was beyond comprehension, but I guess she saw something in him .

David and I shared a room in our fraternity. Two lofts in an L-Shape suspended a couple feet from the ceiling, and an old couch that someone had gotten from the Salvation Army. Since we were by this time seniors and had been in the fraternity for a few years, we also had our own private bathroom. He had risen to the post of House Master, in charge of fixing everything that broke in this old, run down place we called home.

One night, as we were getting ready to go to sleep, he made a remarkable comment. “Well I figured although you never mentioned it, you might like to bang April.”

I was more than a little shocked, and before I could reply, he added, “and of course you know I would love to bang Natasha. That chick just oozes sex. Now I know you haven’t gotten to her yet, but I think you will, and I will help. If that works out, April has agreed to have a little orgy, just the four of us, full swap. She really wants to try DP and she also said she wouldn’t mind sucking on those beautiful breasts that chick has.”

Well of course that sounded great to me, and I asked him how exactly he would convince Natasha to have sex with either of us, never mind all three of us. “I’ll think of something,” was all he could come up with. And that was that, nothing else was mentioned for two weeks.

It was getting close to the end of the semester, and time to start studying for finals. Since Natasha and I shared procrastination as a major flaw in our personalities, we traditionally got together the night before the final and crammed together. She came over to get some work done, and since we both did have a major test the next day, I figured we would probably actually study. We lasted about two hours, until dinnertime rolled around and we decided to have some Chinese food delivered. Since Dave was around, we asked him to join us, and he happily agreed..

It seemed like a normal night. The food was good and the conversation, although nice, did not even come close to the topic of sex. We were all relaxed, yet there was no alcohol, just 3 friends hanging out and shooting the breeze. After dinner, Natasha got up to use the phone, and Dave and I plopped down on either end of the couch to digest our food. While she was talking on the phone, Dave looked at me and said, matter-of-factly “We’ve got her.”

“What re you talking about,” I asked. After all, nothing had been discussed, never mind agreed to.

“Just watch and go along wit it,” was his answer. “I think maybe you are being to subtle with her. Perhaps we need to be a little more direct.” I wasn’t sure exactly what he meant by that and I certainly was not prepared for what happened next.

Natasha put down the phone, done with her conversation, and looked at us. “I guess we should get back to work,” she said, although there seemed to be a tone in her voice that said she really was looking for something else to do.

Then it happened. Out of the clear blue sky, as if asking the time of day, Dave popped the question. “How about a threesome with us?” I was shocked he was so blunt, and I think she was too.

“Are you kidding me?” She asked.

“Why not, we’re all good friends, I know you two have fooled around a little and it would be a lot of fun. No commitments, no strings, just good clean fun.” I was a little amazed by his boldness, but not nearly as amazed as the response.

“No,” she said, “that is probably not a good idea.” These were the words out of her mouth, but as she said this, she came over and sat between us on the couch. Now it was my turn to help with the proceedings, and as I placed my hand on her thigh (she was wearing jeans so it wasn’t exciting), I asked her.

“You know we’ve come close, let’s stop the playing around and finally resolve this.”

“I don’t think this is a good idea.” Again, these were the words out of her mouth, but as she said them, she lay back so she was leaning on Dave, and here legs were on my lap. This remained for several minutes, us trying to coax her into it and she denying she wanted anything to do with it, despite putting up no objections when I slipped her boots off and continued massaging her legs through her jeans. I was concentrating so much on what I was doing that I wasn’t paying attention to what Dave was doing, but when she stopped protesting and was silent for awhile I looked up. There they were, trying to lick each others tonsils in a passionate kiss. I smiled to myself, and as I did, I watched Dave undo the top button or he white, button-down blouse and slip his hand in and down. Despite the kiss, she was able to let out a soft moan.. Now all bets were off. The fun was about to begin.

I don’t remember who had turned off the lights. All I remember was it was almost pitch black in our room. Through the window, the light from the house next to us illuminated her from about the chest up, which is how I saw the kiss, but while Dave was having fun, still kissing her while slowly unbuttoning more and more, I was acting totally by feel. There was not resistance as I quickly got the jeans unbuttoned and unzipped, but without any light I could not figure out how to open her belt. Eventually I have to admit I just gave up. “Hate to interrupt you, but can I have a little help over here.” I felt embarrassed, and she slapped my hand away and tore opened her belt, I tapped on her hips and she got the message, lifting here hips enough and helping me as I grasped both her pants and panties in my hands and started to slide them down. She was acting like she couldn’t get naked fast enough. She was in heat and needed to get fucked! All signals were go and…

Suddenly, I heard the unmistakable sound of a key in my door. Our other roommate, Ken, had come back for an unexpected visit. Although he technically lived with us, he had moved in with his girlfriend months ago, and we had almost forgot he lived with us. I jumped up. Throwing her legs off of me and flew to the door, slamming it shut just as he began to open it up. I heard a “what the fuck?’ and told him just to leave me alone, I would tell him later. I got back to the couch, where the mood had changed. She had started buttoning her shirt, afraid of getting caught, and it took some soothing words and caresses to get her back into position. Now finally, we could get on with it. Still with her pants half off, Dave began to massage her shoulders while I reunbuttoned the buttons she had redone and then continued down, until I was able to open up the blouse and expose her sheer white bra, almost bursting open against the pressure of those beautiful big breasts. She straightened herself up, away from Dave so that he had access to the clasp in the back, and she smiled at me as he unhooked it and she let it drop in front of her. I whisked it away and as Dave moved off the couch and got onto his knees on the floor, she lay back on the couch. In that position I was able to finally start kissing and sucking on her right breast. Her rosy pink nipple jumped up to meet me as my tongue hit it for the first time. And she let out a deep moan as I began to suck in earnest. One sight which will remain with me forever is looking up, still sucking on her right breast, to see my best friend working on her left. He saw me looking at him, and without missing a beat, we smiled and shook hands. Only one more barrier to go.

We broke the handshake and Adam slid his hand down, and slipped a finger into her wet slit. When he started to finger-fuck her she began bucking her hips, giving me the opportunity to slip both her jeans and panties together down the rest of her legs and off. Once free, she spread her legs, dropping one off the couch and as Dave got up to get out of his clothes, I dropped down between her open thighs and tasted the pussy I had wanted for two years. She had the perfect pussy. I was never into hanging lips, or extra skin. She had none of that, just a perfectly smooth slit, dripping honey and waiting my assault. She didn’t shave it, but kept the hair trimmed into a little heart shape, just enough of a bush to show that she indeed had naturally light hair. I pulled her lips apart and found her clit peeking out of its hood. I gave it a lick and she let out a yelp. As a I started probing my tongue and two fingers deeper into her cunt, Dave had managed to strip, and Stood naked on the side of the couch. His dick, which I guess was about 8 inches jutting straight out was hard and needing attention. I added a third finger, and as she opened her mouth to scream Dave shoved his cock into her mouth, shutting her up.

Natasha had been born with a mouth just made for sucking cock. Full soft lips and perfectly straight teeth, whenever she smiled her eyes lit up as if sex was always on the brain. When Dave shoved the first two inches of his dick in her, she recoiled at the shock, but quickly recovered and used her hand to cradle his balls as she slowly slid the rest into her mouth and then down her throat. I never knew how good a cocksucker she was, but I was impressed. She had her nose nestled in his pubic hair, and you could see her tongue flicking out of her mouth and swirling around his cock while she just lay there with it all the way down her throat. This was too much for me to take, and I quickly stood up and ripped my clothes off, while she used her free hand to play with her pussy, upset that I had left it when she was so close to the edge.

I went to my desk to get a couple condoms, and she paused giving Dave his blowjob. “Don’t bother, I’m on the pill, and I want to feel your cum shoot inside me.” Of course this was music to my ears, and as she went back to work on Dave’s dick, I positioned my own at the entrance to heaven and pushed it in with one quick thrust. She was amazing. Wet as a thunderstorm and almost tight as a virgin, my dick had finally found the perfect home. I couldn’t imagine anything better, but as I started thrusting into her I found out I was wrong. This girl had been trained well by someone, and had done her kegels. As I fucked her, the walls of her cunt contracted rhythmically, sending waves of pleasure all the way up my spine. She took Dave’s cock out of her mouth to announce that she was cumming, and the few quick strokes she gave him while doing so was enough to send him over the edge, and he shot a thick rope of cum across her nose and cheeks, followed by a couple short squirts which he aimed at her forehead, hitting her there and getting a little in her hair. I always felt that no matter how hot the woman is, they always look better covered in cum, and she was no exception. She mentioned something about having wanted it in her instead of on her, so I shot my agreement deep inside her as she hit her second orgasm of the evening. As I slid out of her, still horny as hell, Dave handed her a couple of tissues and she wiped her face off.

We lay there for a few minutes, tired but knowing the night was still young. David has always been an ass man, and Natasha had one that was a little large, but perfectly round and incredibly tempting. I saw him eyeing it and I knew what was next. “Whaddaya think. This chick looks like she needs a little DP to cap off a wonderful evening.”

“I don’t think so, I’ve never done that before,” was the reply, “Actually, I’ve tried anal sex a couple of times and it hurt like hell.”

“Don’t sweat it, babe, “ I cooed reassuringly, “You just have to relax and trust us. I’ll get some lube, although we can easily use what you’ve got in that hot cunt of yours, and you just let us take control.” Now of course neither I nor Dave had ever done this either, but we felt we had to act experienced if she was going to trust us. Since Dave was the ass man, he lay down on the couch and stroked his cock back to the raging hard on he had before giving her her facial. She took a deep breath as she squatted over him and he held her hips as she gently impaled herself on his pole, inching it into her ass, getting used to the feel, and sliding down a little more. Eventually, she was sitting on his pelvis with all 8 inches inside her, and I clapped my approval, She started to slowly ride him up and down, and seemed to be getting into it. “Are you ready?” I asked, and she nodded her head in approval. She stopped riding Dave and spread her legs wider. It was a little awkward trying to position myself between the two sets of legs, but eventually I was able to work my way in and slid my dick into it’s new favorite place. Dave and I worked as a piston, one of us pulling out while the other thrust in, and she started screaming like a banshee. Then we switched and started pumping in unison, causing her one orgasm after another. Eventually she said she needed a break, so we let her rest for a few minutes and then switched, since Dave had not been in that wonderful cunt yet and I had never fucked anyone in the ass before. She started rocking on my as Dave thrust into her pussy. It was kind of weird feeling him through the thin membrane separating us, but I was thrilled that I could be sharing this experience with my best friend. So many friendships have ended when a woman comes between two friends, but with her very literally sandwiched between us I felt it a bonding experience.

As wonderful as this was, I knew I couldn’t last long, and I knew Dave wouldn’t either. He pulled his dick out of her sopping snatch and I rolled her off of me and onto the floor. She knew exactly what to do as she got on her knees and opened her mouth. She alternated sucking and pumping us both for a very short time as we both quickly drained our balls into her open mouth, She gulped it all down greedily. When she was done, she flashed a wicked smile, and her face beamed with pride after having finally been treated like the slut she had always secretly wanted to be. Now the stage was set to plan the orgy, but that is for another story.

P.S. We both failed our test the next day.