 From Scared to Dared to Bared to Shared: Taking Dares to Share

Once Amy had asked if everyone was willing to stay and test themselves against more dares, all the others were faced with the same challenge to their comfort. Lisa and Jack turned to each other and saw that they were already nodding in agreement without needing to discuss it. Dot had no problem convincing Ted to stay in with her, and Karl and Lilly were eager to repeat the excitement they had known before.

Kate turned to Jay and hugged him. As she did so, she whispered in his ear, "I guess I'll be taking off all my clothes again. Care to join me?" The way he kissed her neck was all the answer she needed.

Like Kate, Cindy seemed to realize her modesty would be tested and overwhelmed soon, and she asked, "So how do we get this to work?" Just asking the question that way told the others that she was willing to go along, and if Cindy was willing, Steve was too.

Amy beat Vick to the answer, saying, "Think of it as play, not work. And that means getting rid of our work clothes and into our play outfits."

"Does that mean what I think it means? I mean, what are our play outfits?" Cindy wondered.

"Yes, it means what you think it means," Amy quickly replied. "Our best play outfits are just the hair on our bodies, nothing else."

"Skimpy outfits, but that's what I thought you meant, alright," Cindy said. "Who goes first? Not me, please."

Vick was ready to raise the tension in the room. "Getting undressed can be the first sharing play. Rather than taking off your own clothes, you get stripped by two others, or even more."

His use of the word "stripped" put some of the girls on edge a bit. Of course, they all knew they were baring all one way or another, so it hardly mattered what you called it. Still, stripping for everyone else there, let alone getting stripped by others while everyone else watched, suggested more than they were ready for.

Cindy spoke up, "Getting stripped sounds a bit forceful, like we're losing our clothes even though we don't want our clothes taken off."

Amy was quick to calm things, seeing that Cindy's anxiety came from more than just the way Vick was talking. "We're all big boys and girls here, and there's nothing wrong with wanting to have some modesty, some limits. Before we let them go, I mean." Everyone laughed. "But if those limits are stretched too far, speak up. That last weekend, remember, we didn't undress ourselves at first. For now, let's everyone get stripped or get undressed, but get naked. After that, we can take it slow, see how it goes and how everyone feels."

"Okay," Cindy agreed, "but, please, not me first."

"How about Jack and me?" Lisa offered. "We're the hosts, so we should go first. From what you say, Amy, I assume Jack and some other boy take my clothes off, right?"

Vick had another daring idea. "Why not have some girls stripping him at the same time boys are stripping her?"

A quick check around the room found no one willing to object. There were anxious nerves at the idea, but not enough to make anyone say so out loud.

"Do I get to pick the guys?" Lisa wondered.

"How about if Jack picks them?" Vick's mind was working fast.

"I guess I trust my husband to make good picks, so, yeah, that's fine. Who are the lucky boys you want to strip me?"

Jack was taken aback momentarily by the abrupt question. "Well," he said, "I think Jay deserves to be one of the guys after what you did to him before. And as for the other guy, because I think you're expecting me to choose Karl as the one who has seen us and been seen through the open doors, I'm going to pick Steve, just for a little surprise." Lisa's smirk told him he had caught her a bit off guard.

Amy said, "Kate and Cindy, you should be the ones to undress Jack. This is about sharing, so couples should be together in this."

That seemed logical, so Kate and Cindy got up along with Jay and Steve. "As long as I'm not going first," Cindy said as she tentatively moved beside Jack.

One final instruction from Amy was, "Don't be shy with your hands, now. You're not handling fragile glass. Not that you should be rough, just let them feel your hands on them."

Cindy started on Jack's shirt buttons, figuring that Kate would then go to work on his jeans. Instead, Kate pulled the shirt, untucking it as Cindy undid the buttons. Both of them then could push it off, each taking one shoulder to run their hands over. Each then knelt to remove a shoe and sock, followed by Cindy unbuckling his belt while Kate pulled down the zipper. Again, they could both yank on the jeans, pushing them down his legs. That left only his underpants. In this task, Cindy followed Kate's lead. Neither girl was very forward, but Kate was the bolder of the two. She pushed the back of his pants down in back, feeling his bottom in the process. Cindy did the same from her side. Kate then brought her other hand to the center of Jack's waistband in front and waited for Cindy to put her other hand there too. The two of them proceeded then to push his pants down, not by pulling them away from his body, but by sliding their hands along his stomach, through his pubic hair, and onto his penis. This last touch was slow and lingering until finally they pushed the pants more and let them fall to Jack's feet.

Lisa was watching, of course, and quietly said, "Oh, my," clearly impressed with how her husband had lost his clothes.

His erection confirmed that he was enjoyably impressed by their ministrations as well. Just to be sure, Kate gave it a squeeze, saying, "You liked that, didn't you?"

"Very much," Jack replied. "I feel wonderfully stripped."

Jay and Steve were not trying to keep up with the girls, letting Lisa give her attention to what was happening to Jack. Once he was nude, though, the boys wasted no time in pulling her shirt over her head. They took her by surprise when their hands went to her bra straps next, peeling them down from her shoulders. Her bra was another of her wispy ones, and it had a clasp in front. The boys used this detail boldly, unhooking it and then pushing the cups off her breasts with their hands right on her skin. Lisa sighed as her nipples hardened when brushed by their palms.

She kicked her own shoes off, eager to have them get her slacks undone. Steve released the button at her waist, and Jay lowered the zipper slowly, keeping all in suspense about the wispiness of her panties. There was no disappointment as her slacks fell. Her matching panties were barely there.

As the boys paused to look and let the others see, Lisa said, "I wore this set on purpose, figuring that everyone would like to see me in it. Please carry on, though."

Nevertheless, the boys gave her panties careful attention, following the lead of their girlfriends by reaching inside of Lisa's thin garment where everyone could see their hands lower them in the back and then see their hands come around, still inside her panties, to touch her hair and moist labia before sliding the panties down and off.

Standing there nude and stimulated, Lisa said, "Let me tell you, Cindy, that was getting stripped, not undressed, and I love the difference."

Before Lisa and Jack could sit down, Amy suggested, "You two should stay there and help strip Cindy and Steve and Jay and Kate."

Cindy looked at Kate anxiously. "I didn't want to go first, and now I think I don't want to go second." 

"Don't worry," Kate said, "Jay and I can be next. But your turn is coming soon. It should be even more special, with both boys nude when they strip you."

Cindy hadn't thought that far in advance, but was still relieved a little. As for Kate, she simply figured that her turn would come soon enough and it hardly mattered if she volunteered Jay and herself to go before Cindy and Steve. Not that she was completely calm. Leaning over toward Jay, she whispered, "Hope you don't mind. How far do you want me to go once I'm naked again."

"I don't mind, and I'll go as far as your body leads us."

Cindy interrupted their whispered conversation, asking, "Do we go in the same order, boy first? These two seem to like being nude, so I doubt they care."

Jack was looking at Kate's eyes and knew she was just as nervous as anyone else there. "I don't know," he said. "Maybe she's just being nice to you and is no more eager to be stripped than you are."

Vick, thinking quickly, said, "Well, it is a dare we're all doing, so it's a good time to mix it up. Strip Kate before Jay."

Kate looked again at Jay. He smiled at her and gave her an encouraging nod, and she raised her arms, ready to comply in losing her sweater first. Steve and Jack stood on either side of her and began to lift it. Jack noticed before Steve that she had no bra strap across her back, and his hands confirmed that she was not wearing a bra. The two boys changed their method, no longer simply lifting the sweater, but reaching under it and pushing it up. In that way, Kate got the same treatment as Lisa, their hands sliding around from her back, up her stomach, and over her small breasts on the way up to her neck. Both Steve and Jack took the liberty of giving her breasts a brief squeeze. Suddenly bared to the waist, Kate shyly shrugged and said, "I didn't wear a bra figuring it would not be allowed tonight anyway."

Her remark got a laugh from the others. Their attention quickly returned to the two boys who were unzipping Kate's slacks, which easily fell to her feet. She kicked off her shoes that the boys had forgotten in their haste and stepped out of her slacks. Everyone recognized the lacey bikini style panties, and Steve made her turn around slowly so that they all got to see them from all angles. The panties were not as sheer as Lisa's, but thin enough to let them all see the boys' hands cross her bottom or triangle of pubic hair.

Jack's erection poked her in the hip a few times and then in a more fleshy part of her bottom when her panties were lowered enough to expose it. "Getting ahead of ourselves there," she said as she looked behind her.

"Sorry," Jack said, "but remember that you're partly to blame for it being in the way and bumping you."

She was standing there with her panties partly rolled down, the top of her pubic hair visible except for when Jack or Steve's hands were covering her as they very gradually inched them down her thighs. Kate brought her legs together, catching Steve's hand briefly, which made her panties fall and release her from the boys' manual examination of her sex. Not that it wasn't pleasurable for her as it was for Lisa. Moisture on Steve's fingers proved that.

"Stripped or undressed?" Lisa asked her.

Kate was a bit breathless when she answered, "Oh, stripped, for sure. Fondled too."

Without a word, Lisa and Cindy started to strip Jay. Lisa began slowly with his shirt buttons. Cindy was already undoing his belt and zipper, though, so Lisa joined her, pulling off Jay's shoes and socks. They made short work of pulling down his jeans. Cindy reached for the waistband of his briefs then, and Lisa went along with her. From their kneeling position, they ran their hands up his legs, grabbed his briefs, and pulled ever so slowly. His shirt tail hid his bottom when it was bared. As the waistband was gathering just above his erection that had been pushed sideways, Cindy pulled the elastic out and put her hand at the base of his penis, cupping his testicles.

"I'm protecting them from potential harm," she said teasingly. "Don't want the elastic to snap back and hurt these vulnerable guys."

Lisa put her hand over the part of his erection that Cindy wasn't holding. "Well, then I'd better take care of the rest," she said. With her free hand, she pulled Jay's pants down until they dropped and he stepped free. The girls did not immediately let go. After one more squeeze, Lisa said, "Just checking. Everything seems alright."

With his erection sticking out beneath his shirt, the girls reached up past Jay's penis and finished undoing his buttons. Only then did the two of them stand, letting their hands pass over his erection one more time, and push his shirt off.

Before Lisa or Amy could ask, Jay confirmed, "Definitely not just undressed. Stripped and stroked is more like it."

"Glad you enjoyed it," Cindy told him.

Jay turned immediately. "Get ready to enjoy your own stripping, Cindy. It's your turn, and there's no stalling."

Jack was quickly on her other side. Without checking to see if Steve should go before Cindy, he and Jay lifted Cindy's sweater, tousling her hair as she gave in and raised her arms. Her bra was similar to Lisa's. Cindy knew everyone was looking at it and at her nipples that clearly showed through it. She did not try to meet their eyes, looking down and expecting to see the boys start on her slacks.

Before they reached for her zipper, Jay said, "I wonder if the panties match the bra."

Neither he nor Jack made a move, and Cindy realized they were waiting for her to answer. She looked up then and said, "You'll just have to see for yourselves in a moment." As she answered, she instinctively straightened her hair.

Jay told her as he pulled her zipper down, pressing his hand into the spot between her legs, "I think your hair looks fine. In fact, you look great without make-up these days."

"I bet you say that to all the girls you're stripping down to the nude."

"Well, right, you look great nude too."

"How do you know? I'm not nude."

"Give us a few minutes."

Cindy went back to looking down, not out of shyness this time, but to see the two erections that were constantly bumping into or rubbing against her legs. Both were wet at the tips and left little, shiny trails of moisture along her thighs. That is, along her thighs now that her slacks were down. As she knew, all of them now could see that her panties were as thin and revealing as her bra. She had started to wear such lingerie for Steve, but tonight, she pretty much expected to show it off to the group. Jay and Jack even had her also do a turn for them all.

That brief exhibition over, she braced herself for what she knew the boys were going to do next. Her bra had its clip in the back, and once it was undone, she felt hands coming from her back and on either side of her chest, just under her arms. The hands continued, down slightly over her ribs and then up, holding her breasts tightly. The boys used their free hands to pull the bra away, and after several long seconds, released her breasts to be viewed by the others.

The boys immediately reached into her panties. "Please don't tear them," Cindy whimpered. Her breath was becoming short, excited. She felt Jay pull the waistband out so that he could peer into her panties and see her pubic bush. He repeated the move from behind, getting a preview of her bare bottom, and he of course held the panties open long enough for Jack to look in as well. For a moment, Cindy had the silly hope that such peeking would mean that the boys would not pull her panties down. That hope passed after a moment's pause for the boy's to finish looking. Gently and slowly, she could feel the hands lower her panties, first in the back after several squeezes, and then in the front. Jay's hand met Jack's over her pubic hair, and both hands pushed together over her vulva. She knew they were getting her moisture on themselves too. It seemed to take a long time before her panties were loose enough to float to the floor.

Jay almost startled her when he said, "Now you're nude, and I was right. You look great."

"Thank you" was all she could respond, not just to the compliment, but for the pleasurable experience too. Cindy wanted then to sit down and make her nudity less obvious that way. She had to stand there and wait, though, for Steve was still to be stripped by Kate and Lisa. She watched them take his clothes, of course, but she was all the while conscious of having nothing to do except stand there with nothing on. So when the girls let their hands comb through the hair on Steve's chest, and when they finally exposed his hard penis, held in their hands, Cindy saw it all without quite feeling the full excitement of her boyfriend's full exposure. He was smiling at the end of it, and she was happy to be with him and to be finished with the ordeal of being stripped.

After the three couples were naked, the other three couples stood to put on their own display. Amy and Vick agreed to be stripped first. Dot and Lilly did not take as much time with Vick's clothes. In fact, everyone was a bit more eager to get caught up with the original group. Not that there was no contact that would be forbidden otherwise. Both girls made sure to grab and stroke Vick's erection, just as Amy had to endure the fondling from Ted and Karl.

Dot wanted her and Ted to go next, and she enjoyed her stripping, done by Karl and Vick. At last, she got to know what it felt like to have another boy's hands on her breasts, her bottom, and her vulva. Getting naked was not hard for her, nor was the touching. She wondered more about how Ted would react to seeing her subjected to such treatment. His smile and his erection were all the answer Dot needed. He whispered to her afterwards, "Amy and Lilly have very curious hands, going everywhere."

"So did Vick and Karl," she said.

"I know. I saw."

"You okay with it?"

"I loved it more than I thought I would, that is, seeing you get stripped and felt up like that. The touching from Amy and Lilly, how could I not like that?"

Karl and Lilly were the last to be stripped, and Lilly went after Karl. Given Ted's reaction, Dot was all the more playful with Karl's body and every inch of his genitals. As for Lilly's stripping, Ted and Vick were gentle and slow, and Lilly herself was full of self-deprecating quips. Like Kate, she wore no bra. When the boys discovered this, she joked, "I'll wear one when I need one." In taking off her shirt, the boys let their hands linger over her tiny breasts and hard nipples. They were enjoying the moment, and Lilly made a joke of how long their hands were on her chest, saying, "Keep feeling around, boys. It's not easy, but you'll find them."

At last, everyone was naked. Lilly had ended the stripping with some jokes, and she started the next part of the evening with a request. Dashing across the hall, she retrieved her Polaroid camera and requested that all the boys she had not photographed yet let her take a picture of them nude. Given the mood in the apartment, she had no trouble getting the cooperation of the boys. The other girls were relieved. Letting themselves be stripped didn't make them want to be photographed.

Lilly said, "Getting them while they're hard is a bonus." 

Amy asked, "Wasn't Jay's erect when you took his picture?"

"Nope, I surprised him in the shower."

Lisa said, "He was getting wet, like at the beach. Maybe that's what makes the boys there well behaved."

Jay answered, "Don't forget, the beach was a crowd of strangers, not a bunch of friends. I guess I never figured we'd have sex with strangers."

"With all your friends, you could have sex with them?" Amy asked.

Jay didn't answer, and Kate said, "Maybe his penis is doing all the talking. No beach, no shower, so not soft."

Lilly was taking a picture of Steve then and said, "Steve's penis seems to speak the same language."

Cindy, still a bit possessive of Steve, asked, "Those are not for sharing, are they?"

Lilly assured her, "Nope, they're for my private collection only."

Amy then brought the conversation back on track. "On the subject of sharing, I think that's what this dare is really about. Getting everyone naked was just the preliminary. Now that we're all naked, are we all in for the dare?"

Cindy was still anxious. "What does the sharing consist of? What are we doing with each other?"
