 "Have you ever considered having sex with someone, while your partner has sex with someone else in the same room?"

This was a question which had been asked by a couple that we had been friendly with for a number of years. Once I had replied, the conversation seemed to end. Three of us were about the same age, with only my husband being older. Knowing how my craving for sex and the need to experiment over the past few years had increased, I could only think that they were now experiencing the same need. 

It would take another few months before we saw them again. 

We invited them over for dinner and as I wanted to know some answers, I slipped a little cannabis oil into the food. It worked. The four of us were seated across from one another at the table and while we ate dessert, I asked them what had being on my mind over the past few months.

"So, did you guys ever get to swop partners yet?" I asked.

"Not yet," Rob answered, looking at Sarah.

"We are still discussing it," Sarah said, beginning to blush.

"We are the same. When we do it, I want the guy to cum inside of me, which means that we need to know that he is free of any STDs and I need to be on the pill, or he needs to have had a vasectomy," I said.

"Which limits our candidates," Steve added.

"Our concern is who to ask. Strangers or friends?" Rob said.

"We also discussed that question," I said.

"And what did you decide?" Sarah asked.

"Our situation is a bit different. I want to have a threesome with Steve and another guy, but the same would apply if you are wanting to swop partners, there would need to be a level of trust and respect, which you may only find with friends."

"I think whoever you choose also needs to understand that it is just sex. You are not looking for a relationship, you are just wanting to have sex and try something new," Steve added.

"Makes sense," Rob said.

"But what about jealousy?" Sarah asked.

"I think each person is different in how they deal with jealousy. I think Tammy wanting to have sex with another man is a turn on for me, but me having sex with another woman may upset her, just because that is how she feels about it."

"But isn't that unfair on you then?" Sarah asked.

"Not if it is not something that I am wanting. Which of you two brought up the topic of swopping partners?"

"I did," Sarah said smiling at Rob.

"Okay. Why do you want to swop partners with another couple?" 

"I guess because I want to feel another man inside me," Sarah said, her face turning bright red.

"No reason to be embarrassed. That is my reason too. I also want to have another man touch me, caress me and pleasure me," I said.

"I thought if we swopped partners with another couple, we would both get to explore someone new," Sarah said taking hold of Rob's hand. 

"And you Rob? How do you feel about it?" I asked.

"It would be nice to be with someone different, but I don't know how I would feel about Sarah being with another man?"

"Let's see," Steve said standing up.

Walking around to the other side of the table, Steve took Sarah's free hand and asked her to follow him. Rob and I were totally caught off guard and said nothing as Sarah stood up and followed Steve down the passage to the bedroom. We watched them disappear into room and when the door closed, Rob turned back to face me.

"What do you think they are going to do?" he asked.

"I have no idea," I said honestly. 

Rob looked back at the closed door and I suddenly realised how aroused I was. My husband in a room behind a closed door with another woman, was arousing me. After a few minutes, the door opened and Steve returned to his seat next to me. Sarah followed shortly afterwards, but her hair looked a bit ruffled. 

"What did you guys do?" Rob asked Steve as Sarah sat back down.

"How did you feel?"

"Surprised. Anxious. Jealous, I guess," Rob said, taking Sarah's hand in his.

"But you didn't try and stop us?" Steve asked.

I was watching Sarah, and noticed that she was looking down at the table as if she wanted to avoid eye contact with everyone. 

"I guess not," Rob said looking at Sarah.

"How do you feel now?" Steve said dropping a pair of black panties on the table.

Rob looked at the panties and then at Sarah. Sarah continued looking down at the table demurely. My mind was now in overdrive. How did Steve get her panties? What had the two of them, done? Why was my body tingling with excitement?

"What are you feeling?" Steve asked again.

"A bit shocked."

"Any arousal?"

"Yes," Rob admitted.

"How do you feel knowing that I have seen Sarah naked from the waist down?"

"Jealous, but I also want to know what else happened."

"Do you really want to know?" Steve asked.

"Yes," Rob and I said together.

Steve looked at me, smiling.

"Sarah. Do you want to tell them?"

Sarah looked up at Rob and then me, and smiling at both of us said, "Nothing happened. Those aren't even my panties. Steve and I went into the room and chatted for a while, then he fetched a pair of panties from the cupboard and then we came back here."

I was both relieved but also disappointed. Conflicted. I didn't want my man to be with another woman, but I also couldn't deny how aroused I was. 

"I think it is only fair that Rob and I see how you guys would react," I said taking Rob's hand and leading him to the bedroom. After he closed the door, I pulled him towards me. For a moment the two of us just stared at one another, hesitant, then he lent forward and I felt his lips brush against mine. His arms embraced me, pulling me against him. My mouth opened as I submitted to his embrace. Our tongues began to explore each other's mouths and as I felt his hardness against me, my breasts and pussy began to ache. We should stop, but I couldn't. I was lost in my fantasy. I wanted him. I wanted to feel him inside me. Then he pulled away. 

"We should get back," he said.

"Yes," I said, flustered. 

Steve and Sarah were no longer at the dining room table. We found them in the lounge sitting together on the couch. 

"So are you going to tell us what you two got up to?" Steve asked.

"We kissed," I replied sitting down.

"And how does that make you feel Sarah?" Steve asked.

"I feel alright. A little jealous, but okay."

Rob sat down between myself and Sarah and she placed a reassuring hand on his thigh and Rob covered it with his. Sarah's hand began moving up to the bulge in Rob's jeans and rested on it.

"It appears that Rob enjoyed it," Sarah said looking directly at me. 

I suddenly felt guilty. She held my stare and then the next thing she said caught me totally off guard.

"Would you help me undress him?"

She didn't wait for me to reply. Leaning over, she began kissing his neck and ear while reaching out and pulling my hand to the front of his shirt. As she released my hand, I began to unbutton his shirt, working from the top down towards the bulge in his jeans. Once all his buttons were undone, I slid my hand inside his shirt and ran it over his smooth hairless chest. I was reaching for a nipple, when I felt him wrap his arm around me, and pull me towards him. He was still kissing Sarah and his free hand had slid down to the front of her jeans. As he began unbuttoning her jeans, I kissed him on the neck and then moved up until I had his left earlobe in between my lips. It was soft and warm and as I began to nibble, he turned towards me, breaking away from Sarah. As his earlobe slipped from between my lips, his mouth covered mine and pulling my tightly against him, slid his tongue deep inside my mouth. My tongue mirrored his and my whole body was aching. I was no longer just horny, I was ravenous. I wanted him to rip off my clothes and fuck me right in front of his wife. I wanted her to watch as he buries his hardness inside of me. I wanted her to watch as he fills me with his cum. Then...

"I think we need to discuss how far we are wanting to let things go," Sarah said hurriedly.

Fuck! Really? 

Reluctantly, I let Rob slide his tongue out from my mouth and as our lips parted, I remained in his one arm embrace.

"What do you have in mind?" I asked out of breath.

"Well I don't want to get to a point where we are all about to have sex and one of us is not happy."

"Why don't we try a dry run of sorts? We can kiss and touch but no clothes come off. If everyone is still happy after that, then we can discussing maybe taking things to the next level," Steve suggested

"I agree," Rob said.

"Tammy?"

"Me too," I said, wishing she would shut the fuck up already. Was she trying to find a excuse to put and end to this? Had she gotten cold feet? 

Steve must have picked up on my frustration because before she could delay things any longer, he took her hand and turned her to face him. Pulling her towards him, I watched as the two of them began to kiss. I had never seen Steve kissing anyone else before and immediately felt the pang of jealousy surge through my body. Then Rob lifted my face to his and kissed me. His warm hand slid beneath my top and cupped my left breast. My breasts ached and my nipples were as hard as pencil erasers, and as his fingers found my left nipple, it felt as if I had been shocked. There must be nerve that runs from my nipples to my pussy, because as his fingers caressed my nipple, I felt my panties moisten. My hand found its way down to his crotch and I felt him flinch as I wrapped my fingers around his bulge. His fingers released my nipple and I felt his hand move over my bra and down my stomach, resting on my inner thigh. Parting my legs for him, his hand made its way between my legs and cupped my crotch. I gasped. His fingers began exploring my swollen lips, seeking out my clit, and I knew there was nothing I could do to stop him. Our mouths were devouring one another and while my clit played hide and seek with his fingers, there was no hiding his throbbing cock I was stroking through his jeans. 

Opening my eyes, I saw Sarah straddling Steve, facing him, grinding herself against him. He had his arms around her waist, holding her as the two of them kissed. It was as if I was watching just another couple, but knowing it was my husband, I felt jealous. 

The game of hide and seek was over. Rob's fingers had found my clit and I knew it wouldn't be long before I did something to break the rules that had been set. Releasing his cock, I pulled my face away from his and removed his hand from between my legs.

"Excuse me," I said looking over at Steve and Sarah. 

Sarah stopped her grinding and broke their embrace. She looked like someone who had just been caught out doing something wrong.

"I don't know about you guys, but I am ready to discuss taking things further," I said. "Is anyone wanting things to end? Does anyone feel too uncomfortable to continue?"

All three of them shook their heads. 

"So just to clarify that we are all on the same page. I want Rob to fuck me and Sarah do you want Steve to fuck you?"

Sarah looked over at Rob and said nodding, "Yes."

"Are you okay with that Rob?" I asked.

"Yes."

There was no need to ask Steve. 

"Are there any conditions that anyone would like us to adhere to, besides no means no?" I asked.

"I think to be open, we should all remain in the same room when we are not with our spouses," Sarah added.

"Anything else?"

We all looked at one another, agreeing, but no one offered to add anything else.

With nothing further to discuss, I got down on the floor and knelt between Rob's legs. Running the palms of my hands along the seam of his jeans, I moved them up his inner thighs until they stopped at his button and zip. Unbuttoning his jeans, I pulled down his zip, releasing his hardness, still restrained by his underwear. Grabbing his jeans at the hips, I began pulling them off. Rob lifted his hips to assist, pressing the bulge nearer my face. Leaning back, I removed his shoes and socks and then slid off his jeans and dropped them on top of his shoes. I pulled my top off over my head and dropped it on the pile. His eyes did not leave me. Reaching behind me, I unhooked my bra, freeing my aching breasts. 

"They are beautiful," he said staring at my breasts.

After I had removed my pants, I returned to between his legs and reaching forward, pulled his shirt back over his shoulders. As he sat forward, my nipples pressed against his chest and I felt my panties moisten as my skin converted to goosebumps. Pushing him back, I ran my hands down his chest and hooking my fingers into the waistband of his underwear, lifted it over the tip of his cock. Oh my god! As I slid his underwear down his thighs, inch by inch, his cock was revealed, until it was finally free and standing fully erect in front of me. I couldn't, wouldn't, didn't take my eyes off of it while I slid his underwear off, adding it to the pile of our clothes. It was beautiful. From the glistening glans, right down to the neatly trimmed pubic hair. It must be eight or nine inches long and four to five inches thick. And here it was right in front of me. Leaning forward, I could see his swollen tip was already covered in precum and as I ran my tongue softly upwards along his shaft, his cock began to twitch. Taking hold of it at the base with my right hand, my tongue continued its journey upwards towards the tip. He smelt musky. Like a man. I could feel my heart pounding in my ears as my tongue arrived at the glistening tip. Pulling his cock towards me, I slid the tip into my mouth. Rob's eyes were fixed on me.

"Oh yes," Rob groaned, closing his eyes.

I was only able to get what looked like half of him inside my mouth before I began to gag. Closing my lips around his shaft, I began running my tongue around his cock. Tasting him as his cock twitched between my lips. His eyes remained closed as I attempted to take him deeper down my throat. 

"Oh yes, yes, yes."

I readied myself for him to explode in my mouth.

But it wasn't Rob crying out.

I was so consumed with Rob's cock, that I had forgotten about Steve and Sarah. With his cock still filling my mouth, I looked over to see Sarah, naked from the waist down, sitting on the edge of the couch, leaning back, legs pulled up to her chest, Steve kneeling on the floor, licking her clit.

"I'm cumming. I'm cumming. Oh fuck! Yes, yes yes," Sarah gasped.

Sarah's legs shot straight our as her back arched upwards. Reaching between her legs, Sarah tried to push Steve's head away from between her legs, but he replaced his tongue on her clit with his fingers inside her. 

I looked back to see Rob watching Sarah being finger fucked by Steve. Slipping my mouth off his cock, I rose to my feet and removed my panties. Climbing on top of him, I guided the tip of his cock between my engorged lips. Without letting him enter me, I leant forward so only he could hear.

"I want you to fuck me," I whispered. "I want you to fill me with your big cock and fuck me hard."

As he groaned and pressed his hips upwards, I felt his hot glans pressing and beginning to stretch my pussy open. Even though I was wetter than I can remember, I still struggled to lower myself onto him. 

"Oh fuck!," I cried out as finally my pussy allowed this foreign cock access to its deep pleasures. Inch by inch he filled me, stretching me. Finally there was no more to take and he reached up and pulled me down to him. Our mouths locked and we began to devour one another again. Wrapping his arms under my arms, he held me tightly against him. My breasts squashed against his chest. Then he began to fuck me. I had wanted this for so long and now he had me. There was nothing I could do. I was his to do with what he wanted. My body had surrended to his. His hips swung up and down, driving his cock in and out of me. 

It wasn't long before my pussy exploded. 

"Oh god. Fuck! Fuck!" I cried out

As my body bucked, he continued to fuck me. The harder I tried to get off of him, the harder he held me, driving his cock in and out of me. When he let me go, I climbed off of him and felt my pussy involuntarily squirting all over him. 

"That's incredible," he said watching me.

I was still cumming and with each convulsion, a stream of cum squirted from my pussy onto him. 

Getting off the couch, I got onto my hands and knees facing Steve and Sarah.

"Come fuck me again," I said looking back at him.

Steve and Sarah were now completely naked and Sarah had been kneeling over Steve in a sixty-nine position sucking his cock, but when she heard me tell Rob to come and fuck me again, she climbed off of Steve and got down on her hands and knees in front of me. Rob had joined behind me and Steve moved in behind Sarah. 

The tip of Rob's cock pressed between my throbbing lips and this time he just drove it straight inside of me. It was if it was and electric eel, sending shocks right through my body. Then he began to fuck me. The tip of his cock slammed into my cervix, the wall of my vagina, my cervix, the wall of my vagina. It carried on and on. I had never had someone so deep inside of me. I could no longer control myself.

"Fuck me harder," I begged.

My body had lost control, my tits bouncing all over the place.

"Drive deeper inside me," I panted.

My whole body ached.

"Don't stop fucking me until you have filled me with your cum."

'Yes Steve, fuck me, fuck me," Sarah cried, "I'm cumming, oh fuck, yes, I'm cumming."

Then I came. My whole body exploded and bucked, but still Rob carried on fucking me. It felt like his cock was all that was still holding me up and then I felt him beginning to twitch. He let out a deep groan and then I felt his cock become a jack hammer, one deep thrust smashing into my cervix and shooting his hot cum inside me. Then again, and again, as I collapsed on the floor, my cunt cumming again and again, milking him as he filled me with his cum. 

When he pulled out, he joined the rest of us on the floor and I lay there trying to catch my breath, feeling his hot cum dribbling from my cunt, and I knew then that this would not be the last time.