 I said my goodbyes to my van full of studs and moved up into the front seat as we pulled up in front of my house. Bobby told me to be ready when he arrived on Saturday. 

I looked at him, licked my lips as seductively as I could and jumped out of my love nest on wheels.

I had done my best to clean myself up for my arrival, but when you have been royally fucked by seven guys and swallowed 13 loads of cum, you are only getting so clean. I chewed some gum, applied some deodorant and used some Handy Wipes that Bobby had in the van. 

This was not going to be pretty.

Dave had the door open before I even got to the front steps and my whole family was there. I gave quick hugs around and said I needed a bathroom badly. That was no lie. I went up the front stairs as nonchalantly as possible, dropped my bag and hit the bathroom. The mirror was not kind, but I think I was almost passable when I entered the house. My short blonde hair was sticking together in clumps thanks to the cum blast from Charlie, but it wasn't that obvious. I stripped down and looked at my taught little body. I always knew I was sexy because of the way men treated me, but I had never been so happy about it until today. Suddenly, my hot little body felt like a gift from above. 

I was glowing and I never wanted it to end. 

Five minutes later, I left the bathroom feeling much more comfortable with my appearance. I threw on some fresh clothes, went back downstairs and caught up with the family and with Dave too. 

He had no clue. 

Neither did I until today. Today, I had swallowed 13 hot sticky clues, and with that, the mystery of Katie had been solved. I was a little nymph. I was built to make men cum. Saturday couldn't get here soon enough.

After my sisters and parents had gone to bed, Dave wanted some action. I was still horny as all Hell, so I took him out back and had him do me on our screen porch. I rode him on the porch swing facing him and when he started to cum I got down on my knees and took his load in my mouth. I tasted Stef on his cock right before he blasted his cum into my mouth and that made me feel totally naughty.

Dave was shocked when I swallowed his cum and he was even more surprised when I sucked him back to life, his cock never having left my mouth, and swallowed his second load. He was so turned on that, a few minutes later, he got it up a third time and I eagerly sucked him to completion again. He said "I guess you really missed me." 

I had missed him. That was true. It was also true that I would not be missing him anymore. He just wasn't part of my future and I knew it. Now it was just a matter of telling him. I figured that news could wait until Friday night. I was hoping to deliver said news in such a way that his ego could remain intact. I still cared about him, but I was no longer attracted to him. I had a day or so to think about how to do it. I figured that fucking him like a wild woman and telling him how great he was would help to soften the eventual blow. Besides, I needed to satisfy my newfound thirst for sperm somehow. 

I got amazing sleep that night and as I slept, I dreamed of getting gang-banged by my studs. I awoke with soaked panties. 

Thursday was Thanksgiving and it was great. I used my visiting cousins as an excuse to stay in with family that night and avoided Dave for a day. 

Dave called me up early on Friday. He had his house all to himself as his folks were out for the day and would be out all night as well. He was hoping for a repeat performance and I went along. We had sex all over his folk's place. In their hot tub. In their waterbed. In the back yard in broad daylight. Sadly, his folks place was extremely private and I doubt that anybody could have seen us. I let him cum in my mouth all three times just like Wednesday night, and I put on a big show as I swallowed every drop and licked him completely clean. He was really starting to get into it and though the sex was sort of lame, I was enjoying all the cum. 

Time was running out and I knew I had to say something about our future, but I chickened out. I did manage to tell him that I was leaving really early the next day because that's when my ride was leaving.

He took it ok and after dinner, he did me one last time and shot his sperm down my throat yet again. I took his seed with me down on my hands and knees and I cleaned him with my tongue once he was finished. As I cleaned him, I stared into his lust-filled eyes. Dave was really liking the new me. The poor guy. 

For my part, I was now getting scared at how much I loved sperm. 

Dave took me home late that night and we said our goodbyes. Only I understood the finality of it. Truthfully, I felt worse about not telling him than I did about all the guys that had been inside me on Wednesday. Maybe a letter would be best. 

As soon as the front door shut behind me, the inevitability of the ride to Boston hit me like a ton of bricks. I was getting wet as I climbed the stairs to my bedroom thinking about what might happen. 

Christmas Eve was for kids I said to myself. I knew for a fact that I was going to get completely and totally gang-fucked by all my well-hung Santas when I woke up. It was only nine hours away and I didn't think that I would sleep much that night.

Saturday morning, I arose after sleeping far better than I had anticipated. Again, I found my panties were soaking wet as my naughty dreams started to come back to me. I then began to wonder if jizz was a sleep aid. I made a mental note to Google that at some point. I got as clean as I could in the shower and shaved off all the hair on my body save for the hair on my head. I knew I looked good naked and today, this would be a good thing as I was only going to be clothed for about 5 minutes of it. I couldn't wait to show off my little hairless pussy.

I ran downstairs and heard a honk out front. I told my parents that I was leaving and my Dad walked me outside, which sent me into a sudden panic. Luckily, Bobby, being smart, had dropped the guys off at 7-11 to load up on beer, and picked me up by himself. This totally eliminated the possibility of parental entanglements or suspicions. I introduced Bobby to my Dad as Kelly's boyfriend versus introducing him as the boy who tickled the deepest parts of my pussy a few days ago. A good choice I thought. Daddy gave me a big hug and told me to study hard. I promised him that I would. 

As I got into the van, I noticed a futon rolled up in the far back that hadn't been there before. I asked Bobby about it and he told me that we'd be setting it up shortly. I was going to be gangbanged in comfort this time. I couldn't wait!

As we were pulling out of my driveway, Bobby told me to get undressed. I complied in a flash and I was totally nude before we got off my block. My pussy was getting that familiar soaked feeling. He then said that Kelly would never find out about this and that I should not worry. He also told me that all the guys had chipped in for a hotel in Boston and that they reserved Sunday night too. He said that they were all going to use me like a cheap whore and fuck me silly for the next two days. I told him that I was already soaking wet just thinking about it. Bobby reached down between my legs, rubbed my pussy and smiled at me. 

"Damn, girl. You're ready right now."

He was so right.

He asked me if I was sure about what I was doing. I said yes with genuine enthusiasm. This pleased him as well and he told me that they planned on doing all the things I signed up for. He told me that they were going to be disrespectful to me and that they were going to totally defile my body and that things could get a little rough. I told him that they should treat me like a slut and that the word "no" was not in my vocabulary until I had been safely returned to my dorm room. He said not to worry.

When we picked up the guys and started out on our way. They were all stoked that I was already naked and totally clean shaven. The beer started flowing right away and I quickly downed one and opened another.

It was then that Bobby laid down the rules. The trip to the hotel would be a contest. The men would be competing to be the man to take my anal cherry once we were in the hotel that afternoon. How hot is that? I was getting wetter by the second as they explained the rules. Points were awarded for cumming. The men scored a point every time I came with them and every time they came in me. I was to be the official scorer as far as counting up my orgasms and I was to report the results, in secret, to Bobby, who had decided to abstain so we could get to the hotel faster.

The order of initial consummation was drawn out of a hat and there were to be no rules after everybody had gotten a round in. So it began. 

Charlie was first and as he was stripping down to match my nudeness, he asked me if I had ever had my pussy eaten. With shy downcast eyes, I embarrassingly said no. He then told me to lie down and spread my legs open. I did so immediately and my pussy was on fire as they all came in for a closer look. Girls, if you have never exposed yourself to a group of men, you should really try it. I felt deliciously naughty all spread out like that. 

Charlie used his hands to spread me all the way open and placed his tongue all the way at the bottom of my pussy. Any farther and he'd have been licking my virgin ass. He started giving me slow long strokes, spreading my wetness from my hole up to my clit. My body would start to shake each time he crossed over my clit, but he never came to rest on my little button. He just kept raking his tongue slowly and forcefully up and down my entire pussy. I lost all concept of time as he stroked my vagina with his tongue. I could have let him do this all the way to Boston it felt so freaking good. Then, I began to feel something building inside me. It was becoming more and more present and I started to moan without even realizing it.

The men were talking about my pussy and how it was getting all open. 

"She's gonna come, dude."

That was the understatement of the year. 

My orgasm started in my ass and shot up through my pussy as my lower body started to buck and shake. It just kept gaining intensity but it wouldn't crest. It kept building and building and building. Charlie was still just stroking my vagina up and down and was not picking up the pace or going any harder. It was almost like he was teasing me. Finally, I grabbed his head by both sides and thrust my pelvis up to the point where my pussy was almost facing the roof of the van. Charlie stayed with me and finally pressed his tongue down firmly yet gently on my clit as I came like I had never came before.

As I started to come down, my body felt more at peace than I ever knew it could. Charlie was now between my legs and lining his cock up with my quivering vagina. He entered me and I was coming by his 3rd stroke. Now my climax was a bit softer and it was coming from deeper inside of me.

It felt luxurious. 

I might have cum ten times if he could have kept it up, but Charlie announced that he was going to cum and I told him I wanted to drink it. He pulled out and I scrambled to my knees and covered to tip of his cock. He shot five huge spurts of cum into my mouth and I savored every drop.

Charlie patted me on my head and told me I was the best he'd ever had as I kept sucking to make sure he was emptied and clean. When I released his cock, my head was grasped from my left by Brian and forced down onto his big rod. 

This was going to be the best day of my life.

The guys were telling Brian to make me take it all and I did my very best to open up my throat and take his whole cock, but my gag reflex kept making me choke. I could only get him an inch or so down my throat before gagging and backing off. As he started working himself back in, I really worked the underside of his cock with tongue and I heard him moaning as soon as I did so. I moaned really deeply so I would add some vibration to the slathering. I tongued him as hard as I could on the underside of his shaft. He couldn't hold it and starting pumping semen into me. I choked on it, but I still gulped all of it down. 

I got a round of applause for my efforts as I licked him clean like a cat. I was determined to deep throat him if I got another chance.

That was pretty much how round one went. I fucked each guy one-on-one and they were all amazing. They all made me cum at least once. After that, I was allowed to have two men or more at once if I so desired.

We took a break and I drank two funnels of beer as the guys cheered me on. 

Naked funnels. Do it. 

Now Mario was ready for round two and he called me over and told me to mount him which I did. I started riding his cock facing the guys and after enjoying me for a few minutes, he pushed me down onto my hands and knees. I was getting my first taste of dog-style. 

Loved it! 

Then I was offered Stef's huge pole to suck on as Mario pounded my little pussy from behind. I greedily accepted and my slide into slutdom picked up speed. They switched ends every couple of minutes and both of them gave me a few orgasms. 

By the time we reached Rhode Island, I had fucked all of them at least twice and had swallowed every single drop of cum. I had swallowed so much that I actually felt full even though I hadn't had a bite of food all day.

We tallied up all the orgasms and it was a tie between Stef and Mario.

Bobby had an idea to break the tie, but he wanted to see me first. I crawled up front naked as the day I was born and drunker than I'd been in years. Bobby looks me in the eye and says "something is going to happen to you. You won't know what until it starts to happen. I fully expect you to take what is given to you. Do you understand, slut?" 

I nod quickly if not enthusiastically.

"Good. Take this and put it on."

It was a blindfold and I put it on immediately. It was big enough and black enough to block out my entire field of vision. It was cloth on the inside and it fit snugly and comfortably. I crawled backwards carefully until I felt the mattress and then I crawled back to the center. I knew everybody was watching so I crawled with my knees pretty far apart so they could enjoy it to the max. God I was such the little slut.

Bobby then told me to mount Mario facing him in the typical girl on top position. Mario helped me into place and lowered me onto his cock. I slid down his pole easily and gasped a little when his tip tickled my deeper regions. God I loved this guy's cock. It had a huge ridge on the head and it scraped my insides in the most incredibly delicious ways. I took a few trips up and down and was sternly told to stop by Bobby. I complied immediately and I'm not sure who was more disappointed, me or Mario. I then heard Bobby whispering something and Stef saying "ok, got it."

For about ten seconds, I heard nothing but the Van's engine and the surrounding hum of traffic. 

The next thing I felt was Stef's cock forcing its way into my pussy right above Mario's. All I can say is that I really thought they were going to split me open. I was panting and breathing in short desperate breaths as I heard Bobby say "the first man to come in the Slut gets her ass."

The pain was intense as both cocks started to grind away at me. I started to well up with tears, which were luckily concealed and absorbed by my mask, and I was whimpering like a puppy.

I wanted to be a good slut for them. I really really did. But there was just too much cock in me to relax. I just couldn't stop the tears and the sobbing. The guys started to slow down to a near stop and I thought they might be getting concerned for me. I gritted my teeth and begged them to keep fucking me no matter what. With that, both men pushed their cocks all the way into me simultaneously and I felt Stef's mammoth log push past Mario's. The tears were rolling down my cheeks but my mask absorbed them so the guys couldn't see and I was still begging loudly to be fucked. My men complied. I could feel each cock separately as they methodically pounded away at me. Then a very surprising thing happened. I slowly began to adjust to the 2-cock invasion. I started swelling up inside in a way I hadn't felt before and in a few minutes I was shaking like a leaf and cumming like a possessed person telling them how much I loved their cocks. It was amazing.

As wave after wave crashed over me, I started to feel hot jizz hitting the back wall of my pussy. Stef had won. I was going to lose my anal virginity in front of an audience to a foot-long cock that was as thick as my wrist. After that, who knows what they were going to do with me.

I was acting totally insane. I was a drunk slut getting gangbanged in a van by seven studs when I'd been with only one man in my entire life until just a few days ago. Even crazier was that I was totally comfortable with what was going on. Yes, I was drunk, but I got that way willingly and was naked before I'd had drink one. 

This is what I wanted and I was letting it happen. I had never in my life been so happy to have a pussy.

Stef was pulling out of me now, but Mario was still fucking me deep. A few seconds later, Alex was lining up to take the spot vacated by Stef. He pushed in and I was getting stretched out again. I sobbed and gasped and begged them to keep fucking me. I told them again that I loved their cocks and that they owned my little hairless pussy. That sent both men over the edge and they both pulled out quickly and aimed at my mouth as I spun and dropped to my knees in front of them. We were getting good at this I thought to myself. They had great aim and I swallowed two loads at once for the first time as I slowly came down from my latest perception-altering orgasm.

We were now less than an hour away from our hotel. We were going to get a nice dinner and then I was to give my virgin ass to Stefano while everybody watched. My pussy was oozing at the thought, but my ass was a little worried.

The boys were still going strong. Brian, Chris and Charlie called me over to their side of the Van to suck their dicks. I crawled over to them and eagerly got to work. The guys were obviously loving having their own private slut. They were starting to get into my descent and were calling me nasty names as I took turns rooting their cocks. I was deep-throating Charlie and Chris but Brian's tool was too long and thick and it was giving me some trouble like it had earlier. I decided to finish the smaller two so I could focus on Brian. I dove into Charlie's lap and engulfed his entire cock. His head was deep in the back of my throat and I just kept working it by swallowing on it and working the underside with my tongue. He came after about a minute of that and held my head down on his tool as he blasted down my throat. He then patted my head and told me that I was a good slut.

Chris was next and I slid over in front of him and slammed my face into his lap. His tool went even deeper into the back of my throat and he lasted a bit longer too. After a few minutes of being stuffed full of his cock, I started moaning deeply and squeezing Chris's balls and he came almost immediately. He was so deep in me when he came that I did not even taste it. I had almost 20 loads of cum sloshing around in my belly and I felt so dirty. Chris pulled me off of his cock and told me that I was a good little slut. I played my part and giggled with a bashful look on my face.

Now I moved over to Brian. He was totally erect and ready to fuck my face. Bobby announced that we'd be at the hotel in ten minutes.

Ten minutes.

I went down on Brian and licked his big tool all over until it was glistening with my saliva. He told me to take his balls into my mouth and I did so one at a time until he pulled me off them and said "Good girl" as he guided my mouth back to the top of his gorgeous cock.
