 The football game had ended and it was about 7:30pm. The Patriots beat the Ravens pretty good, so some serious sex was going to be a nice way for the guys to forget the game. I rooted for Baltimore, but I just don't care as much as the men do. It's a game. Let it go. 

I had agreed to the guys' idea of me being a cum receptacle for a big group of men, and we were about to get ready. I'm sure a lot of women would get sick even thinking about such a thing. I know I would have less than a week prior to the event in question. What I had discovered in the interim, as you all know, is that I love cum. I love the taste. I love the clean smell. I love the rush of warmth. I love the feel of a man's seed sliding down my throat. I love knowing that I got the guy off. Sometimes it even gets spiritual for me. If I give a guy great head and he grasps my skull with both hands and gives me all of his seed as his legs are betraying him, I feel a deep connection with him at that moment and a feeling of power and accomplishment.  

I love satisfying men in ways that they love and that many women won't even consider. When a guy is calling me slut or whore or whatever he wants me to be for him, that will make different people feel different things. For me, it's a turn on, but either way, when that same man turns to putty and loses control, I am the one in-charge. At that moment, the man transfers some of his confidence and vitality to me. 

I consider myself incredibly lucky. Lucky to love sperm in every way and I was really looking forward to being such a blatant exhibitionist slut. This was my last night with the guys and I wanted to give myself to them completely, as I had since submitting to them in the van. I wanted to end the weekend the way I had planned and promised; as their totally uninhibited sex slave.

I was fully committed.

Bobby took me into one of the bedrooms and I took a very quick shower. When I came back out, Bobby had a bottle of champagne and my stripper outfit for me, which I assumed he got from Donny. 

Bobby poured the bubbly and I put on the outfit including the pasties. I had no idea how to do a striptease. I was not much of a sexy dancer. I had never tried before and this was causing a little internal trepidation. Bobby told me to just relax and move to the music if I felt like it. If I wasn't feeling it, he said a slow strip would be just fine to open things up.

"Just peeling off all your clothes will be plenty. Guys don't see hot babes doing this kind of shit every day."

"Ok, I'll do my best."

"You just wait; the exhibitionist slut inside of you will take over once you see all the men drooling over you."

He was right. 

Bobby then showed me my new toy. It wasn't as big as the massive thing they shagged me with on Saturday, but it was still pretty big. It was sort of rubbery and red and it vibrated if you turned the black knob at the base. He asked me if I'd ever used a vibe and I said no. Another first for me. 

Bobby gave me the contacts and I put them in. He then helped me get the wig on nice and tight. We checked me out in the mirror and I must say that I was impressed.

I did not look like myself. I looked way hot, but not like me. After the sexual metamorphosis that I had been through, I liked the idea of looking different too. My alter ego now had an alt form to go with it.

Bobby liked it.

"Holy shit, Katie. You are even hotter as a brunette! I can't wait to fuck you in front of all these guys. Are you ready to be my whore, Katie?"

He said with a hint of humor and a hint of malevolence. He was his father's son after all. I gave him what he wanted.

"Bobby, I am gonna worship you and your big cock. I'm going to make you cum and I'm gonna drink it all. I love your big cock and I love being a totally unbridled cumslut. I want lots of cock tonight, but none more than yours."

"Don't worry, my little slut, you are going to get it big time. There's going to be more cum than you know what to do with."

"Mmmm! I want it all, Master."

I rubbed my tummy as I said it.

Guys were starting to arrive now and I could hear all the noise out in the main room. Bobby told me that the boys had already moved all the sofas into the room and the mattress too. Bobby said that every single person had showed up and a few extras too. They were all told how things were going to work, so there was nothing to worry about. Ten minutes later, I was led into the large main room of the suite.

Wow! 

There was like thirty guys there. They all started hooting and hollering when I came into view. Stef spoke up.

"OK, boys. This is the cumslut we promised you. She only responds to the words "slut" "cumslut" or "whore." She's a local co-ed and she loves cock, but she especially loves hot cum and she wants each and every one of you to give her a load tonight. Can we help this young slut in need?"

The room erupted in cheers of affirmation. God, was I really going to swallow about thirty loads of cum? 

The men were all told to sit and I was told to start stripping for the guys. The mattress was in the middle, with eight sofas and some chairs surrounding it. There was plenty of room between the sofas and the mattress, so I was going to do slow laps around the mattress as I stripped.

"Do you guys want to see me out of this little thing?"

"YES!"

"What part of me do you want to see first?"

There was no agreement amongst the shouts, so my hands went to my bra strap.

I was getting hotter than I had ever been in my life. My thong was completely soaked. Not a little dot of wetness. The entire area around my pussy was soaked.

I started working the bra straps down my arms and got them out. Then I undid the clasp and let it fall while covering my little C cups with my hands. My nipples were trapped and burning. They wanted to be free but the little black pasties were still covering them. I teased the guys for a bit and then took my hands away.

Cheers erupted as I was now showing them my full breasts with just the nipples covered.

I danced around mostly topless with my stockings and panties still in place. The men were going nuts. I did some provocative moves. I bent over with my legs apart. I slid down their legs and gave faux head to a few of them. Then I was ready to take it up a notch.

"Who wants to take my pasties off?"

I had thirty volunteers. I sauntered over to one of the new guys who looked really hot and told him he needed to use his teeth. We had just applied the pasties with a bit of latex, so I knew they'd come off easy, though I expected a little bit of pain.  

I crawled into this guy's lap and got my titties in his face. He put his arms around me and pulled my chest to his mouth. He put his entire mouth around the pasty on my right nipple and pulled it off. He then licked my nipple clean of any goo that may have remained.

I thought that was nice of him. Of course, it only made my pussy gush more. He then repeated the procedure on my left nipple and sucked it once it was bare. God I love having my nipples sucked hard. It's like there's a direct line from my nipples to my pussy.

It was Brian's simultaneous tweaking of my nipples that brought me past the point of no return in the van. I had a chance until that point. At least I thought I did.

I got up and danced around the bed again. I stepped up and allowed a guy to unsnap my garter belt. I let another guy slowly peel my stockings and belt off. I was now down to my little thong, which was just a string over my rosebud in the back. I strutted around and bent over a bunch of times. I then asked who wanted my thong.

Again, thirty men responded in unison. I walked up to one of the new guys and turned my ass to him.

"Rip it off of me, Stud"

The guy grabbed my thong and ripped it away from my body in one motion. 

Cheers.

At that point, I bent over to show him everything I had. His face was inches away from my completely exposed ass and hairless pussy.

I loved being in control of a crowd. 

What a feeling!

I was the only thing that mattered and I was acting like a total slut. It was even hotter than I'd anticipated. These guys wanted me so badly. I could feel all of their eyes on me, wanting me.

I moved around the entire room one last time and gave every single guy a good look at my soaked pussy and my ass. I even let a few spread me open as I bent over for them. They all commented on how wet my pussy was.

It was so dirty. I loved it! 

I moved to the last guy and bent over for him. He also grabbed my cheeks and spread them. I could feel my little ass opening up wide for him.

"Oh, I feel so dirty. Tell me what you see!"

"I see your asshole. Can I lick it?"

"Oh yes!"

I then felt his tongue run from the middle of my pussy up and over my rosebud and then back. He repeated it a few times and I almost came. Bobby stood up and had an announcement.

"It's time to fuck the cumslut and give her all our cum." 

The guy stopped licking my ass and I stood up.

Stef took me by the hand and led me to the middle of the mattress. He was already naked and his huge prong was ready for action. Bobby stripped and joined us. I got on my knees between them and began sucking their huge monster cocks in front of almost thirty people. It was thirty if you counted the two cocks I was servicing.

Again, the room erupted.

I just kept sucking and licking them as nastily as I could. I licked their balls and their length and kept moaning loudly as I did it. After about ten minutes of total cock worship, I started trying to deep throat them. I almost had Bobby all the way, but he pulled me off of him and forced me down to the mattress. I quickly went to my hands and knees.

"Good slut. Now get back to work on my cock."

Bobby stepped back in front of me and bent his knees a bit. This gave me a nice angle on his cock and I was going to deep-throat him. I was now in doggy position for Stef, who had his choice of holes. 

I felt my ass being lubed. 

Stef took his time massaging my little sphincter. Then he stuck the little end of the tube into my ass and squeezed some into my hole. It felt a little kinky and a little funky, but I was so hot that I was just loving it.

He was eventually satisfied with his work and I soon felt his enormous head at my entrance. He eased in and entered me with just a bit more than the head. He let me adjust to the huge invasion for a few seconds and then he slowly pushed his entire foot-long cock into me with one long excruciatingly slow thrust. 

I could hear gasps from the guys in the crowd as they saw something truly awe inspiring taking place before them. My ass took his enormous cock with little problem, though I was having a little trouble breathing at first.

Stef taking my ass made this into a huge tease for my pussy, which was dripping my juices as if it was an orange being squeezed. I was on fire. There was nothing that they could have asked of me at that moment that I wouldn't have relented to. I was all theirs to do with as they pleased. 

I then increased my intensity with Bobby and stuffed my face onto his huge cock and, after some work, had all of him. My nose was right up against his cropped pubes and I was trying to tongue his balls as I did this with limited success. 

"Dude, this little whore is deep-throating me and licking my nuts at the same time. Good girl. Good little slut. Keep licking 'em, slut."

I moaned as load as I could and kept licking whatever I could reach and swallowing on his entire cock, but I was starting to run out of oxygen.

Stef had gotten into a rhythm and he was stroking me deep during all of this. It felt really good and it was making my pussy continue to ooze its juices. I wanted to be taken in both my holes but I had a throat full of cock and I couldn't breathe no less speak.

Luckily, Bobby had a clue and he pulled his twelve inches out of me before I lost consciousness. I was gasping for air and moaning as Stef continued to pummel my ass like an animal. I took his assault in stride as my pussy continued to leak down my legs. Once I was fully oxygenated, I spoke up.

"Bobby, I need you in my pussy now!"

"You want some DP, slut? You need to tell us what you want."

"Yes! Double stuff me in front of all these men! Keep making me your whore! Own my holes! Use me and abuse me! You own my body! Take it!"

There were barks and cat calls from the crowd, but there were too many to really hear specifics. They were all clearly enjoying the show.

Bobby told Stef to roll over. He went to his knees and picked me up as he rolled over without his big pole ever leaving my ass. I was now lying with my back on Stef's chest and abdomen and with my legs spread a bit. I could hear more random crude remarks from the all of the guys, which spurred me forward. Bobby stepped up and grabbed my ankles as he dropped to his knees. He spread me out all the way and my pussy opened up for him.

More lewd comments from the gallery and more tingling in my pussy.

Bobby placed his huge cock at my entrance and rubbed it around a bit. I knew I was going to cum really hard when he started to fuck me. I was close and for the second or third time that day, I was hotter than I'd ever been before. These guys just kept resetting the bar. Bobby pushed his huge tool in halfway and both guys started to rock me back and forth on their massive cocks in unison. I started cumming like crazy.

Climaxing while getting both holes filled by huge cock is amazing and different from the other types of orgasms I've had.

It's hard to explain, but when you have something that big in both of your holes simultaneously, it's hard to squeeze or to bear down on them. You start to, but you can't. You're just so opened up. At least that's how it is for me. It changes the dynamic of my orgasm. Being hugely double-penetrated allowed me to stay at my orgasm's peak for more than the usual couple of seconds. Not only did I cum for almost a minute, but it felt like I peaked for almost half of that time. I was crying and sobbing and screaming and telling them to fuck me as hard as they could and as deep as they could as my body shook and shivered like crazy.

The crowd seemed to understand how intense it was. The room was silent except for my yelps and screams until my climax started to fade. 

As the most all-encompassing orgasm of my life floated away from me, I began to get my bearings back. Once settled, I began to try and fuck them back and both men started to enter me fully. Stef slid me down a bit to get all the way in, while Bobby just leaned forward. Now I was stuffed like I was earlier in the day. I tried to normalize my breathing and then I told them to fuck me hard.

"Oh yes! Oh god yes! You guys are so fucking big! Don't hold back. Ram my holes! Fuck me! I love your big cocks so much!"

They deep-dicked me for a few minutes and it was awesome. I was building to another big climax when they stopped to reposition me. They had me mount Bobby in the traditional girl-on -top position. I got myself onto his majestic tool and started to ride him just to establish the angle. Once we were in a good position, Bobby held me still and I felt Stef pushing his huge prong into my ass again. They both pressed all the way into me and I was stuffed.

Now I was truly getting double shagged. They were no longer moving in unison. Bobby was pulling me up and down on him as Stef just banged away at my ass doggystyle. They did as I asked and held nothing back. For the next five minutes I was mercilessly fucked by two foot-long cocks. I then started shaking and orgasming like I had before and lost control of my hips again. 

I was convulsing and shaking so violently that they both pushed all the way in and slowed to a stop as I whimpered and spasmed on their cocks. Like before, once I calmed down, they started fucking me hard and fast.

The two huge cocks were just too much for me. I started cumming again after a minute and was telling them how much I loved it. I was babbling on and on about their cocks.

"Oh god yes! I love your big cocks so fucking much! Make me your slut! Make me your whore! Yes! Yes! Oh god yes! Keep fucking me! Yes! Oh god, I'm....Ahhh cumming!"

Again, the shakes overtook me and I was trying to squeeze their cocks with my ass and pussy. I had finally won as both men pulled out of me ready to cum. Stef grabbed my face and I opened my mouth just in time to receive his hot load. He got it all in but before I could swallow, Bobby was blasting in my face. The first shot hit my cheek, but I got my lips around his member and caught the rest. I swallowed his cum and Stef's together, which was hot!

Things were about to get hotter. 

I looked around the room and everybody was now naked. When did that happen, I wondered. Now, remember, I love cum as much as anything in the world, so this was about as hot as things could get for me.

Brian stepped up and gave me the vibrator and told me to get to work. I laid back and spread my legs. I turned the vibe on and massaged my clit with it.

Wow! I loved it! I started sawing it back and forth over my little love button. I would be cumming soon. Bobby told me to lift my head and when I did, he slipped a pillow under it.

"Ok, guys. The slut is ready to accept you loads. She's going to keep making herself cum, so just step up to her face when you are ready."

First up was my guy Charlie. He dropped to his knees right over my head and dumped his load right into my mouth. I swallowed it all and kept my mouth open as I worked my clit. Some random guys stepped up from my right side and knelt by my head. He had a nice cock and he was ready.

"This is for you, slut."

He first spurt hit my nose and went all over my face, but he got the last few shots in my mouth. As he was squeezing out the last few drops into my mouth, another guy blasted me from my left. He hit my cheek but got most of it into my mouth. I swallowed down two more loads as I came with a big scream.

"Man, she is loving this shit. Where did you find her?"

"Get out of the way, man."

Two guys rushed over, one from each side and just let loose at about the same time. Maybe a drop went in my mouth. The rest was sprayed all over my face, hair and tits. 

This was wild.

My orgasm had faded and now I put the vibe inside my pussy, but I was having trouble concentrating on two things at once.

"Does anybody want to fuck me with the vibrator?"

Charlie stepped up and got between my legs and I moved my hand away with the vibe still inside of me. Charlie knew what to do and he worked it in and out while putting pressure on the top wall of my vagina. It felt awesome and now I could use my hands.

Or so I thought. Three guys stepped up and suddenly they were all above me. They started dumping their loads all at once. It was a hot shower of cum blasts. I got hit everywhere.

I'd taken nine loads so far, but too much was on me and not in me. It was hot being covered in jizz, but I was thirsty for cum!

I told Charlie to stop with the vibrator for a second and he pulled it out of me. I then got up on my knees and turned my back to him.

"Charlie, you can put in my ass if you want to."

I was now ready to eat cum. Charlie pushed the vibrating dildo halfway into my ass as a guy stepped up to me. I grabbed his six inches and drained it and quickly swallowed as another guy stepped up. I drained him too. Then another. The third guy was pretty big and he blew a ten spurt load that I could barely handle, but I did. It was by far the biggest load I'd ever swallowed or seen for that matter.

"Who's next?"

"Here you go, slut."

It was Alex. He was ready to blow and he gave me his tool to drink from. I gulped him down and told him how much I loved to swallow his cum.

After he moved away, four new guys came up all beating their cocks. I was there waiting. Ready to pounce as soon as one of the cocks in front of me started to go off. I tried to spur the guys on by talking to Charlie, who was still stuffing my ass withe the big vibrating cock.
