 Chapter 1

Most Christmases have their own memories, the things that made each one special. This last one did as well, though not in any way that Lynn and I had expected.

It all started the March before with a friend of my wife's, who was a nurse. Erica and Lynn had been friends since they were about twelve and both went to the same college and nursing school.

Growing up, they both had basically the same dreams of being a nurse and when sleeping over at the other's house, they would talk for hours about how their lives as nurses would be. They both graduated together and were each married within the next year.

Erica's marriage, however, had just ended when she came home from her shift early, not feeling well, and there was her husband, in their bed, madly fucking a coworker. Well, that did that and Erica moved out and in with us for about a week.

She didn't really raise the mood of our household any, as you can imagine, discussing her situation endlessly with Lynn and often with me. I was trying to be fair about things, after all her life had more or less collapsed around her, but she wasn't much fun to be around, that's for sure. But it appeared she did eventually pull herself together and we heard a while later that she had taken a nursing job overseas to try and make a new start.

Lynn did get a few emails on occasion from Erica and it seemed that she was finding her new assignment quite rewarding. Then, in November, she wrote to tell us she was coming back to the States for the holidays and Lynn invited her to stay with us if she could. I was certainly hoping she was over all the grief and turmoil we shared during her last visit and, truthfully, was not exactly looking forward to her upcoming stay.

Perhaps a few words about us all would be in order. I'm Greg, thirty-one, a marketing manager for a high-end toy manufacturer. Six-one, one-eighty, nice shape, even though I quit working at it a few years ago, and, sorry, ladies, six and a half, measured right after Lynn sucked me up real hard. I'm attractive enough that I had plenty of dates in high school and college, seven girls including Lynn, if you want to know how many. That's girls I had sex with, not just dated.

Lynn, well, she's twenty-eight, five-five, one-twenty, redhead, freckles, sparkly personality, manages post-op nursing at a local hospital, 34-B cup, nicely- and firmly-filled, perky, dark pink nipples, I shave her pussy for her (and me), oh, she shaves me, as well; says she loves to suck me when I'm smooth like that, um, she had five guys including me.

Erica is five months older than Lynn, a bit taller, rather more statuesque, carrying about twenty pounds more than she did when she was in high school, according to Lynn, C-cup, for sure, blond down past her shoulders, attractive face, nice legs if a bit meatier than I would like, all in all, very nice looking.

So, that's the three of us.

It was set that Lynn and I would pick her up at the airport and she would stay with us a few days, then go on to visit her parents and other family.

We got to the airport, parked and went to wait outside Customs in the International Terminal and, in a while, people began coming out who were on her flight.

Then, Lynn started waving at a woman who was waving back and I realized it was Erica; Erica minus about twenty or thirty pounds. She strode toward us looking quite beautiful, confident, sexy. Oh, I don't know what they did to her overseas but, my, it sure did help.

We all hugged and, I must say, I held her longer than I might have before and, unexpectedly, she ran her hand down my butt before our hug broke up.

We loaded her luggage, got in the car and started home as she began telling us about her time overseas.

"Oh, you wouldn't believe it, I've changed so much. It's been a great time for me, I just decided that my life was going to be different and, oh, is it ever."

"I can't believe how you look, Erica, you lost weight and oh, girl, you look so good walking out those doors. I envy that cleavage of yours." Lynn told her.

"Oh, I threw out all my old bras, now they're all low-cut, push-ups, I want 'em looked at. No more shy girl. Not any more."

"Yeah, I bet the docs all chase you around the OR," I added.

"That's not the half of it. I've got four lovers, two are doctors, one was a patient I had, well, poor guy, his wrists were both broken, I just had to give him some comfort, didn't I, so we still see each other and I still give him comfort. He gives it right back, too. Is he hung."

"Okay, two doctors and the former patient, there's a fourth?" Lynn asked.

"A nurse I work with, yeah."

"There are more male nurses all the time, good for you," Lynn said.

"Yeah, there are but this one is named, Marie."

I looked at Lynn who turned to her and said, "So you've got a girlfriend and three guyfriends?"

"Exactly. Actually, my girlfriend is also bi- and we've done the two doctors together, they love to watch us get each other off. I've brought some DVDs of our foursomes since you'll never know any of them, anyway."

I have to admit, the prospect of watching this lovely creature romping naked with three others was pumping blood down to my favorite body part.

We got home, got her settled into the guest bedroom and after a while she joined us in the family room for some wine and cheeses.

We had had several glasses when Lynn asked her about the DVD she'd brought.

She hopped up and brought it back a minute later and I put it in the player.

"Let's all get cozy for this," she said and she squeezed in between us on the sofa.

Well, the video started right up into Erica and another woman, also quite attractive, getting naked and getting into bed with each other.

"That's Marie, isn't she hot? Mmm, there you can see her pussy, oh, look at me eating her hot, wet pussy. God, this is getting me hot guys," she said. "Mind if I get out of some of these?" she asked and pulled off her top and pants and sat back down in just bra and panties. A half-bra, filled to overflowing with her creamy breasts and a small thong. Oh, my.

The video went on and soon a man was in the picture as he fucked one from behind, it was Erica, as she bent over her girlfriend eating her out.

As we watched, Erica's hands were on each of us, rubbing my bulging cock and her other hand rubbing between Lynn's thighs.

Erica looked at the doorway to the dining room, there was mistletoe that Lynn had hung there about a week ago.

"Mmm, stop it right here, look, there's mistletoe, I'm getting under it, who's game?" and she jumped up and went to stand under the mistletoe.

"Come on, come on, I don't bite, you know," and Lynn nodded to me so I got up and started toward Erica who said, "Oh, come on, let's get down to our underwear, we're all over eighteen," and I stopped, looked at my wife who stood up and began taking her outer clothes off.

Well, I'm not going to ruin a party so I was soon in my boxers which were standing dramatically at attention as I walked up to her.

"Oh, man, what's this," she squealed and gripped my hard cock through my shorts. "Looks like Lynn is a lucky girl," and we kissed under the mistletoe as her tongue swept through my mouth and her fingers squeezed my throbbing cock.

My hands were down on her ass, I glanced sideways to see Lynn's reaction and she was just sitting on the sofa but I did see her hand between her legs moving in a telltale way.

Erica pulled back and said, "Mistletoe, girl, come on," and held her arms out for Lynn. I took my hard-on back to the sofa.

Erica took Lynn in her arms and they were soon kissing like they were not friends, but lovers. I wasn't so much jealous as turned-on. Then, I saw Erica's hands unfasten Lynn's bra and she pulled it off her arms and took her's off then went back to kissing as they each rubbed the other's breasts together.

From where I sat, now with my cock out, slowly stroking it, Erica's boobs looked just perfect. She was only about thirty but I'll tell you, they were Playboy centerfold tits.

They both came over to where I was sitting, smiling at them, jacking my cock, as Erica said, "Glad you didn't get bored all by yourself, Greg," as they both laughed.

She stood there with her perfect body, breasts that were stunning and her crease easily visible in her thong, a perfect cameltoe.

"What a perfect body you have, girl, just perfect," Lynn commented to her friend.

"Oh, yeah, that's a little work I had done. Look at these boobs, no implants, they were big enough but brought up to sixteen-year old elevation. Nice, huh?"

Lynn and I both allowed that they were perfect.

"Found a guy to do them in exchange for a weekly examination of his handiwork and a good, brisk fuck. Pretty nice and look here," as she pulled her thong down to the floor, stepped out of it and spread her stance wider.

"Did my pussy, too. Isn't that a perfect labia job? Don't you just want to lick them?"

"Is that an invitation?" my wife asks. Well, I thought, this is really getting interesting.

"Sure, they're here for whoever wants them," she said and sat down, spread her legs wide as Lynn knelt before her and dropped her head down, her hair falling all around her friend's crotch as she began licking and slurping her friend's beautiful pussy.

I leaned over and took her nipple in my mouth and started sucking as she gripped my cock to jack me up and down. Oh, my, has this woman ever changed. She has done a complete turn-around and, well, she's a cougar, I know that's the big word today but she's really hot. Obviously my wife thinks she's pretty hot, she was on her knees eating out her pussy right then as Erica began to buck her hips and moan.

"Mmm, mmm, oh, Lynn, oh, girl, you're making me cum, mmm, UUNH, UUNH, UUH, UH, oh, lick me more, mmm, oh that is so, so good. I never knew you were so good on a pussy. I would have done this years ago."

Lynn raised up smiling, face dripping with juices and told her, "Erica, you just weren't like this back then. You are one hot woman, now, though. I hope you like guys because my poor hubby, well, look at his cock. I'll bet he'd love to fuck you."

I traded places with Lynn and went down on her licking and slurping, flicking her slit until she just pulled me up and told me to fuck her.

As I pressed through her beautifully-constructed labia, it took some effort to get all the way inside her, then pulling back and forth, oh, she was so good, so tight.

"Mmm, Erica, god, your pussy is so tight, you feel great."

"Thank my surgeon, he tightened me up, I think mostly for himself. But I'm glad you're enjoying his handiwork. I'll give him your complements next time he sticks his cock in there."

I really didn't care how she got such a tight hole, it was just wonderful. She felt like a teenager inside. What a fuck.

Lynn was sucking one of Erica's new boobs as I went in and out of her while I fingered Lynn next to Erica. She had a leg up, making it easy; man, this was like a porn movie, a really good porn movie.

"Oh, Erica, I'm so close, you feel so good, really tight, oh, UUH, UH, mmm, oh, oh," as my cum rocketed into her and I jammed deep into her, almost losing my balance.

"Mmm, nice and warm, oh, your cum feels good. Now let's get me off, it's been a long flight and I'm ready for bed soon," she moaned as I continued fucking her. Before long, with me fucking her and Lynn rubbing her clit and kissing her, she did have a really strong orgasm, just shuddering and quaking as she was taken up by the joy of it all.

Lynn and I tucked Erica into our bed, somewhat jet-lagged but with a happy pussy. We told her we'd join her in a while and went back out to finish our wine.

"Well, Greg, you sure had a great time tonight. Remember what a pain in the ass she was last time, just going on and on about everything?"

"Yeah, what a change. And her body. I'll tell you she's as tight as a high school girl."

"She sure got you off."

"Yeah, well, we both had fun. I didn't know you liked girls that much. Something new?"

"Something old, really, middle school, actually, sleepovers, none of us were dating, we were all horny. Happens a lot with girls. Hope you're not the jealous type."

"Come on, I've watched guys fuck you, a girl, well, it's pretty sexy to watch, actually."

"You liked it, huh?"

"Sure, I'd like to see more between you two, I mean, if you want. She'll be here two more days."

"Well, as much as I love your nice, hard cock, it was pretty exciting to be with a female again, I mean it was a half a lifetime ago. But it was pretty sexy."

"I think you two should enjoy each other as much as you want. I'm sure I'll get plenty of pussy while I've got you two hot women in the house."

Lynn and I finished our wine and went to bed, Erica, snug and comfy, between us.

Chapter 2

It was almost nine when I began to feel movement in the bed and, when I looked, Erica was facing Lynn, their arms around each other kissing each other awake. I raised up on my elbow and Lynn pulled back her head and said, "Good morning, Greg, we're just having a little morning make-out," and went back to kissing Erica.

I turned to Erica, slipped my arms around her and led my hands up to her breasts with Lynn's boobs pressed against the back of my hands.

"Is my hubby feeling-up my friend?"

"Mmm, he sure is and your friend likes it very much, thank you very much," Erica answered before I could. We all snuggled for a bit, then Erica turned to kiss me for a while as I felt her hand snake down to grip my cock.

"Oooh, I found something nice under the covers, something nice and hard and throbbing," she announced.

"Well, hon, why don't you find a nice, warm, cozy place for it while I go get the coffee ready and some breakfast started," my sweet wife announced as she got up and headed for the kitchen and I headed for Erica.

"Mmm, just you and me, Greg, oh, and this nice hard cock. Here, let me get him all excited," she said as she sat up and waggled down to take my very interested cock into her mouth.

"So, nice, Erica, oh, you sure know how to make a guy feel good."

She sucked me for a few more minutes, yes, she did get my cock rock-hard, then pulled up off me and swung a leg over me to press that excited cock into her depths and began rocking back and forth as I rubbed her nice, warm breasts.

"Mmm, you're making this gal feel pretty good, Greg. I just love your cock. I'm so glad that Lynn doesn't mind sharing you. I could do this all day."

I knew, as tight as she was, that there was no way I'd last all day, not even until the coffee was brewed, even. She kept gripping me with her wonderful pussy muscles as she rode me up and down as I enjoyed the exquisite feelings she was giving me. She was incredible.

"Mmm, oh, yeah, so good, close, I'm really close," she murmured.

I knew I was, too, and as it turned out, we had simultaneous orgasms grinding deeply into each other as I unloaded my cum up into her while she rammed down on me. She fell down on me, still moving, still keeping the wonderful feelings alive as we each held the other.

In a few minutes, we began smelling coffee and got up to follow the aroma to its source. I had seen Lynn get up and go to the kitchen naked so we did as well to enjoy a nice, naked breakfast.

Before the second cup of coffee was finished, Erica was kneeling on the floor, her head burrowed between Lynn's legs giving my wife her first orgasm of the day. Rather quite a breakfast.

I sat there nibbling my toast in one hand, slowly stroking my cock in the other, watching my wife being pleasured by our houseguest.

"Mmm, oh, your tongue, girl, mmm, so good, mmm, right there, oh, yes, yes, UUH, UUH, UH, mmm, mmm," Lynn moaned as I watched her tremble as her hands pulled Erica's head tight into her pussy, holding her mouth there, not wanting it to end.

Then, she pulled off Lynn's pussy, raised up and kissed her as each woman's hands rubbed the other's breasts.

Turning to me, Erica said, "Greg, I'm already here on the floor, can I offer you a nice breakfast cock-suck? You hard enough, yet?"

I can't remember ever turning down having my cock sucked and, with this beautiful, hot woman offering her mouth to me, I quickly agreed as she scooted over in front of my chair, then dropped her mouth over my cock and began her wondrous sucking.

Lynn sat there at the table smiling at me, knowing I was enjoying her friend in such a wonderful way as Erica bobbed up and down. Then she lifted off, held me steady as she licked around the head over and over, then onto that wonderful place right under the tip on the underneath side, just licking and licking and licking, then took the tip inside her mouth gently sucking while she wiped her tongue around the head.

I'm only human. I started cumming, "Uhh, uhh, mmm, oh, Erica, you are so good, babe, so good," as she looked up at me, stretching her mouth open, the white strands of my cum webbed across her lips. Then, she bent back down to lick up a few new drops as they came up.

"Mmm, I love your cum, Greg, nice."

"Yeah, he does taste good. I've sucked out gallons of it, I guess," my sweet wife added.

"Yes, she has and I love her for it," I told Erica.

"Well, gang, what now?" Erica asked.

"How about a nice hot shower and then we can decide what we want to do after?" I posed.

We all hopped up and went down the hall, me taking up the rear, watching the two lovely asses ahead of me as we all went into the master bath. Lynn turned on the shower and, when it was warm, we all three got in. It was snug but friendly as we enjoyed soaping each other front and back and under. Lynn and I had showered many times before and once with a couple we met on a trip to Denmark several years ago. That is a story in itself.

But this shower was certainly fun, I had, no doubt, the cleanest cock in town. We even turned off the water for a bit and the girls had fun rubbing their soapy bodies both on me and on each other. That seemed to help us decide to spend the rest of the day in our bedroom just having fun.

We took turns drying each other off, then went into our bedroom and got back into our rumpled and unmade bed.

"I think we should properly welcome our houseguest, Greg, now that she's had a night's sleep, don't you think? You can give her a nice, sweet fuck while I sit on her face and give her my pussy."

"Oh, you two are so nice to visit," Erica said, "How about Greg doing me doggie while I eat you out under me, Lynn? I just love getting it doggie-style."

So, Erica got up on her hands and knees as Lynn positioned her pussy under her head while I got up behind her with Erica's perfectly-sculptured pussy, ready with a film of moisture lining the slit as I rubbed my cock up and down spreading it, then pressing in.

I don't think I could ever get enough of this woman's pussy, so tight and smooth inside, just holding me in its grip as I pushed in and pulled out over and over. Her head was down as she licked my wife who was holding her head to her while I fucked her upturned pussy on and on.

"Mmm, I just love your pussy, Erica. That's some surgeon you have. Oh, this is so good."

She started twisting her hips around as I was stroking in and out while I slid my hand up under her to rub around her clit getting some moans.

"Oh, girl, oh, shit, yes, right there, omigod, ooh, OOH, UUH, mmm, mmm," I heard Lynn cry out as she lay there bucking up and down obviously in ecstasy as I continued fucking Erica from behind.

I kept hearing Erica's moans as I stroked in and out feeling her muscles tighten and relax, just sending me up and up, it was the best.

"Mmm. I'm getting close," I said as I felt a throb squeeze my cock then trembling as Erica groaned out, "Oh, oh, that is so good, oh, OH, MMM, MMM, oh," and I jammed down into her, almost pushing her down flat on the bed as spurt after spurt went pulsing up into her as I released my cum deep, deep into her pussy.
