 Every girl has a best girlfriend...a confidant, a buddy, a shoulder. My girlfriend Amy has Holly. Inseparable since college, these two have been there for each other through breakups, hookups, promotions, job losses and just plain life. I'm pretty sure that Amy gabs with me on the phone with Holly as much (if not more) than me...and that's okay...they're good for each other's soul, and besides, there's something deliciously dirty about hearing them playfully refer to each other as "slut" or "whore". 

Thursday nights are typically their "girl's night out". Too many margaritas later, I'm sure that details of our sex life slide easily off of Amy's tongue. It's a riot to see them having such a great time, and it gives me a chance to stay a little later at the office. 

After last Thursday night's "girl's night", I came home to find Holly's car still parked in the driveway. It was typical for Holly to stick around a bit after the drinks, but in this case, it was late (around 9:30) and I'd stayed later at the office than I'd like. "Ugh," I thought to myself as I walked toward the front door, "can't she go home?"

I was just about to slide my key in the door when a movement caught my eye through the living room window. I turned back to look, and since the light over the door wasn't on, I wouldn't look like a voyeur staring in...besides, it WAS my own house.

On our couch, I saw Holly, leaning up against one arm with her frilly skirted legs crossed on the cushions. I always thought she was sexy; hell, even Amy would sometimes remark how pretty she was, and that her lustrous green eyes were incredibly mysterious and alluring. Her white top, with just the right "tight" fit and "low but not too low" cut, made the deep canyon between her tits look incredibly inviting. 

As I watched, Amy came back into the room, and slipped onto the opposite end of the couch, facing Holly. As her friend sipped her wine, Amy reached down and started massaging Holly's adorable little feet. Her heels looked incredibly soft, and her toes were beyond cute. Amy continued kneading Holly's feet, and it was clear that the deep tissue massage had taken control of her. Slowly, Amy's hands began to explore further up Holly's perfectly golden tanned legs. Her hands massaging Holly's calves, it was clear that she was beginning to melt into the couch. Through the open window, I could hear Holly's soft moans; bliss and total relaxation had found her. 

"Girl, where've you been all my life?" Holly giggled. "I'd pay good money to have those soft hands sliding over my body all day long!"

This only encouraged Amy's efforts, and I could tell she was enjoying herself. 

"You've got such pretty legs," Amy whispered. 

"Whatever," Holly replied. 

These two were always play arguing with each other, almost as if they were flirting. 

My desire to go inside and just sleep was gone...this was a side of Amy I had never seen before, and I couldn't wait to see more. Sure, she'd always joked about wanting other women, but something in her touching of Holly's legs made me think this was more than a friendly gesture to ease away Holly's tension. 

My phone began to buzz from an incoming email, and I quickly silenced it. I was not going to have a stupid pseudo-spam email from Sears ruin the hottest girl/girl action I'd ever actually watched in person! As I looked up from my phone, I was shocked and incredibly aroused by what I saw. Amy, on her hands and knees, was now straddling Holly, who on her back. Their eyes closed and lips touching in the most erotic kiss I've ever seen. Their lips parted slightly to reveal their tongues intertwined, lashing and rolling over top each, other hungry to taste the other's sweetness. The kisses became intense, almost animalistic, and were accompanied by moans and sighs, just as sexually charged as any Amy had let out when my cock was ramming into her pussy. Kisses, licks and nibbles followed, and my cock was harder than I could ever remember. I felt the tight, sweet burn of pre-cum out of my tip, but I wasn't ready to go in yet. I wanted to watch. 

Amy pushed herself up, and back to the other side of the couch...and then she began to slowly unbutton her top. OH MY GOD went screaming through my mind. Is this really going to happen? 

Her white blouse fell to the floor, and in the one of the sexiest one handed moves I'd ever witnessed, she unclasped her bra, and her tits bounced side to side, with every seductive curve framed perfectly in the shadows. 

She gently twisted her nipples while looking straight at Holly, and said, "So was it true, what you told me?"

"Damn right it was," Holly purred. 

"So you didn't wear any panties to the restaurant?"

"Fuck no," Holly said. "I love how this skirt feels on my ass, and I wanted to feel it on my pussy, too!"

With a giggle and overtaken by curiosity, Amy plunged down between Holly's legs, and slowly lifted her skirt. 

"You dirty slut, you weren't lying! You have such a pretty little pussy, Holly." 

And then, in a moment I will never forget, Amy lifted Holly's skirt the rest of the way, and kissing the inside of Holly's thighs as she moaned excitedly, then licked Holly's clit. Holly shuddered, her entire body not prepared for the overwhelming tingle and sensation of every nerve ending being pleasured simultaneously. Amy licked slowly, from right below her pussy all the way to her swollen, deliciously puffy clit. She spit on it, pulled the skin over it away with her fingers, and licked again, harder. Holly's knees quivered, and her breasts, now exposed after she took her shirt off in the midst of Amy's oral exam, were gleaming under the lights. Amy licked harder, faster, and then brought her hand in, sliding two fingers into her mouth and then into Holly's hungry pussy. Holly was now squealing with delight and pleasure, tugging on her nipples and begging Amy to fuck her harder. Amy slid those fingers out of Holly's tight cunt, and motioned her hand toward Holly's lips and tongue. She lapped up her own juices, as if it was the first wetness to quench her tongue after an agonizing drought. 

"You like that, don't you baby," Amy said as Holly deep throated her fingers, nodding in approval and seductively closing her eyes.

Amy bent forward again, and began to lick Holly's tender nipples while she fingered her pussy. She ravaged her tits, tugging on her nipples with her teeth and then licking them clean. Holly, now overcome with her own needs, thrust a finger into her mouth and then in Amy's pussy. Amy immediately arched her back, as if to surrender to the penetration she had been craving. They were grinding against each other's hands, kissing, moaning, sucking on tits and spanking asses. Holly then pushed Amy down on the couch, and as her bare pussy rode Amy thigh, she grabbed both Amy's tits and devoured them. As this was happening, I had leaned a little too close to the window, and Amy saw me. Her eyes got slightly wide at first, then squinted in a sexy smile. She mouthed the words "FUCK ME" to me, and I'll be honest, I don't know how I didn't come. 20 minutes of watching this had left me hard, engorged and swollen. And to see that nearly drove me over the edge. Then I realized, Amy wasn't saying "FUCK ME" to me...she was saying it to Holly. Upon hearing this, Holly intensely slide two fingers into Amy's tight slit, with a seductive and savage grace. 

Amy screamed, and moaned, "Dammit, FUCK ME harder!"

Their mouths found each other, and their tongues explored every inch of each other. Amy licked Holly's lips, and then nibbled them. The grinding was hypnotic, passionate, and undeniable. Again and again they came, squirting their sweet juices all over each other. Holly pushed Amy down, and licked her sensitive pussy lips, sending her into a frenzy. She then sucked her naughty nectar from her clit all the way down to her ass, tongue fucking her tight hole. It was the dirtiest thing I'd ever seen, and I thought my cock was going to punch a hole in the wall. 

I shifted my weight, and accidentally tapped the glass. Amy and Holly looked up, at first startled, and then almost more turned on that I had caught them. Amy beckoned me in the room with her wet finger, and I quickly opened the door and walked in. 

"Now I know why you like Amy's pussy so much," Holly said. "It's fucking amazing!"

"Yes, it is!" I replied. 

There was an awkward silence, and I quickly realized why; both girls were staring at my crotch, which clearly showed my cock protruding out of my tan dress pants. "Oh jeez, I'm sorry," I said. 

"What the hell for?" Holly said. "You've seen my pussy, so I want to see your cock!"

Nervously, I started to unbutton my pants when Amy pushed my hands aside...and unbuttoned them for me. 

She slowly unclasped my belt, saying, "I love his cock!" 

She opened my pants and pulled down my boxers, stroking my shaft and cupping my balls, as if she was showing off her prize. A thin string of pre-cum was oozing from the tip. 

"Taste it," Amy said. "His cum is so sweet.." 

"Really?" Holly said. 

"Really?" I said. 

And with that, Holly licked my shaft, from where it meets my balls to the very tip, sucking up my pre-cum. 

"Oh my God, it is sweet!" she said. 

"Show me," Amy said. 

And they looked at each slowly, and kissed, tongues caressing and exchanging my juice. Amy continued to stroke my shaft, putting her hand over the tip and rubbing in a circular motion. It felt unbelievable...I felt like a porn star.

Amy looked up at me and said, "I love her tits, don't you?"

"They're very sexy," I said. 

"I'll bet they'd be hot with cum all over them...want to spurt on her tits, baby?"

"Fuck yes, I do!" 

They looked at each other again, whispered, giggled and kneeled on either side of my cock as I stood. They licked my cock, SLOWLY, from balls to tip, moaning and kissing at the end of each stroke. Soon they took turns, deep throating and choking on my cock, each one sucking while the other put her hand on the back of the other's head and said "suck that fucking cock...". As tantalizing as this was, I wanted to cum...I NEEDED to cum. And so I stood back from them, sexy and seductive and on their knees, and began stroking my swollen cock. I could feel the cum making its way to the tip, burning and demanding to be let out. I began to moan, and hearing Holly say "Cum on my tits, baby" I yelled out and spurted harder than I ever had before. The thick, juicy stream sprayed through the air and splashed on Holly's pretty neck and tits. I stroked harder, sending more of my juice toward it's desired target, and watched as Amy fingered her pussy as she watched her private porno. Completely milked, I closed my eyes, only to feel a soft, sweet pair of lips around my cock, a hand squeezing my balls to fully drain my dry of every last drop, and a tongue lashing at my cock's slit. I looked down, and saw that it was Holly's mouth fucking me dry. My back was arched, and I was a slave and prisoner to her seduction. 

Once she finished me off, She leaned back and gave Amy a wet kiss, my cum clearly visible on their tongues. Then, Amy's probing tongue began to lick my cum off of Holly, even sucking up the long spurts which had been deliciously hanging from Holly's nipples. Her mouth full, she swallowed my seed down, then kissed Holly again...

"MMMM," Amy said, "so fucking sweet."