 PRELUDE

Shelia Jones always left the house to go to work by 8:00 AM. This particular Thursday morning she did not feel well so she called in and left a message at the office that she would not be in that day. Then she went back to sleep and didn't wake up until almost noon. She eased out of bed and took care of her personal needs in the bathroom. Then she went over to her bedroom window and started to open the drapes but something caught her eye by the swimming pool. Her son and two other boys were sun bathing naked by the pool. Upon closer inspection she saw that her son Jerry was seated between his two friends and that he had a cock in each hand. Her son was jerking the other boy's cocks.

Shelia recognized the other two boys, Ron and Joe as they had been on the same high school swim team as her son Jerry. All three boys had graduated high school and they were all 18 years old. The three of them had swimming scholarships and they were just hanging out that summer before they went off to college. Sheila was surprised that the boys were experimenting with gay sex as they all had dated girls in high school. What Sheila didn't know was that her son was gay but the other two boys had no interest in cock.

Ron and Joe had been fucking Jerry and getting their dicks sucked ever since school was out. Jerry learned that he was much more into guys then girls and Ron and Joe were very discreet about their relationship. As Sheila peeked through the drapes she could not help but notice what nice big cocks that Ron and Joe had. It was hard to tell but she was sure that they were both at least 7" approaching 8" but they were at a distance. Her son jerry seemed to have the average 6" cock which was also erect at the time.

Sheila could not tear herself away from the window and she continued to watch the three boys. Shelia was shocked to see her son lean over and take Joe's cock in his mouth and suck it. Then Jerry switched and took Ron's cock in his mouth. Jerry kept switching back and forth sucking one cock and then the other. When a cock wasn't in his mouth he was stroking it with his hand. Jerry worked the two cocks until the three of them stood up. Sheila looked at the three erect dicks bobbing in front of the three boys and she felt her own loins stir with desire.

Sheila then watched as Jerry got on all fours and Ron applied lotion to Jerry's ass. To her amazement she watched as Ron eased his big dick into her son's ass and Joe fed his cock to Jerry's mouth. Sheila couldn't believe her eyes as she watched her son service the two big cocks. Her hands moved inside her panties and she fondled her pussy as she watched the action in her back yard. Ron drilled Jerry's ass as Jerry's head bobbed up and down on Joe's cock. Then the two boys stopped moving and Sheila knew they were cumming in her son's ass and mouth. 

Minutes later they separated and Jerry rolled over on his back and jerked off. Sheila watched as her son ejaculated and shot cum all over his chest and abs. Then the three of them ran and jumped in the pool. Sheila didn't move form the window as she watched the three naked boys secretly hoping that they would have more sex that day. She was not disappointed.

SHEILA THE VOYEUR

Sheila remained in her room that day and she continued to spy on the three boys. They had sex numerous times that day and in each case Jerry was on the receiving end of two loads of cum. Jerry jerked off his own cock each time to achieve his pleasure. The boys would take turns swimming in the pool and having sex on the pool deck. Finally Sheila couldn't take anymore and she went back to bed. She took her favorite dildo out of her nightstand and plunged it in her sopping wet pussy. Sheila had never witnessed gay sex before and it turned her on.

As she lay in bed and masturbated with her dildo, Sheila imagined the two boys Joe and Ron fucking her. Sheila was no stranger to group sex and anal sex as she and her former husband used to attend swinger's parties. Her husband had dumped her for some young chippie two years ago but Sheila had quickly found willing male partners. As she masturbated her thoughts switched to the most recent partners that she met in a night club. They took her back to their place and she recalled how they fucked her in the ass while she sucked the other's cock.

If Sheila had felt better that day she would have gone out that night in search of some male partners. However, she was feeling weak so she opted for her dildo. Sheila had a great dildo as it was battery operated and the tip of it rotated 360 degrees. Sheila loved the feeling of the fake cock head moving in circles inside her womb. As she masturbated with the dildo she closed her eyes and envisioned the three boys having sex at the pool. It didn't take long for Sheila to orgasm and she had to cover her mouth to stifle her moans. As she recovered from a rewarding orgasm she decided to pick up a pair of binoculars the next time she was out. Sheila didn't know that her next voyeur session would not require binoculars.

The next day Friday, was a rainy miserable day and Sheila opted to stay home again. She was feeling a little better but she didn't feel like going out in the rain. Once again she slept in and her son thought she was at work. Sheila heard the three boys in the house on the lower level where the game room and fitness equipment were located. She quietly went down to the lower level not sure as to what she would see. Sheila peeked into the fitness area and saw that the boys were working out. They were just wearing shorts, socks and athletic shoes.

Her son Jerry was lying on his back on the bench doing bench presses while Joe spotted him. Ron was at the foot of the bench as if he was waiting his turn. Ron never got a turn because Jerry started to fool around. Her son reached up over his head and ran his hands up Joe's thighs. Joe stood still as Jerry's hands slipped under his shorts and fished out his cock. Jerry stroked the impressive cock and Joe was hard in a matter of seconds. Joe moved closer to Jerry and let his cock slip into Jerry's mouth. Sheila watched as Joe moved up and down as if he was fucking Jerry's mouth.

Then Ron leaned over and pulled Jerry's shorts and jock off his legs. Ron then pushed his own shorts and jock down to his ankles. Jerry raised his legs up toward his chest and provided easy access to his ass. Ron took some sport cream and used it to lubricate Jerry's asshole. Then Ron moved closer and eased his cock into Jerry's ass. Sheila almost gasped aloud when she saw the cock enter her son's ass. Both Ron and Joe looked bigger now that she was closer and she was sure that they both had at least 8" cocks. 

Sheila watched as Ron fucked her son's ass and Joe fucked her son's mouth. Jerry's stiff cock slapped off his abs each time Ron thrust into him. Sheila felt her pussy get wet and she was desperate to cum but she could not tear herself away from the three boys. She was determined to see them all cum before she left. The first one to cum was her son Jerry. Streams of semen shot out of his cock and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. Then Ron pulled his cock out and shot his load onto Jerry's chest, abs and pubes. Lastly Joe removed his cock from Jerry's mouth and shot his load onto Jerry's body. The three loads mingled together and covered the front of Jerry's body with semen.

Sheila quickly went to her room and stripped naked. She located her favorite dildo and plunged it into her pussy. Sheila was so turned on that she orgasmed immediately but she continued to masturbate in search of a second one. Ron had quietly entered Sheila's room and he closed the door behind him. Ron's eyes adjusted to the dimly lit room and he saw that Sheila was naked masturbating with her eyes closed. He watched intently as she moved the dildo rapidly around in her pussy. Ron had spotted her spying on them and he had decided to pay her a visit but he never expected to find her like this. Ron felt his own cock grow into hardness and he decided that it was time to make a move on Jerry's Mom. He dropped approached the bed with his impressive cock bobbing in front of him. When he got close to the bed he saw that Jerry's mother had her eyes closed as she masturbated.

Ron then got up on the bed and knelt between Sheila's legs. He leaned over and took her hand holding the dildo and slowly pulled it from her pussy. Sheila opened her eyes and panicked when she realized that someone else was in the bedroom and in her bed. Her eyes opened wide and she freaked out when she saw Ron kneeling between her legs and holding her hand with the dildo in it.

"Oh Ron what are you doing here? You shouldn't be here? Where's Jerry? Where's Joe? You need to leave, please!" Sheila stammered embarrassed and confused, "What's going on? Why are you naked?

"Relax Sheila, its okay, I think that you would be happier with the real thing," Ron replied and then he moved closer to her pussy. 

"No I can't, where's my son?"

"Right now Jerry is in the exercise room with Joe's cock stuffed up his ass," Ron told her.

Ron then eased his big cock into Jerry's mother's pussy. Sheila was taken back with the size of him. Sheila knew his cock was big from the times she spied on him and Jerry but now she felt just how big it was. It had been weeks since she had a big cock in her and he filled her completely. Every fiber of her vagina tingled as the big dick made its way in. Sheila knew this was wrong and she should throw him out of her room but at the same time it felt so good. 

Sheila was afraid to make a fuss as she did not want to alert her son. Sheila couldn't even imagine the scene it would create if Jerry walked in on them and he saw them fucking. As Sheila thought of her son she was confused. Ron was gay. He was fucking her son. How could it be that he wanted to fuck her too? Sheila reluctantly let it happen and then she remembered fantasizing about his and Joe's big cocks when she used the dildo on her pussy. Isn't this what she really wanted anyway? 

"Oh we mustn't, we shouldn't, it is not right and then oh yes, oh it feels so good, oh, oh, fuck me, yes fuck", Sheila whispered as she was too close to her orgasm to stop now. 

Ron slid in and out of her pussy slowly allowing Sheila to adjust to his size and he continued to go deeper with each thrust until he was buried balls deep in her pussy. He was surprised when he heard Sheila use the fuck word.

"Oh my I have never been so full, fuck me, make me cum, make it last forever", Sheila cried out in a hushed tone not caring that she was fucking her son's lover.

Ron pounded her pussy making sure that his cock was in constant contact with her clit. Sheila had multiple orgasms as he fucked her. Sheila had pretty firm tits with rock hard nipples that extended a ½ inch. Ron twirled the nipples in his fingers and then leaned over taking one then the other in his mouth. This was the first time Ron had seen Jerry's mother naked and he savored every moment. He had seen her in bathing suits and he always thought that she was hot.

Sheila went wild whispering to him. "Oh yes, suck my tits, suck my nipples, fuck me good!" 

Ron could feel his balls start to tighten and he knew it wouldn't be long before he filled her pussy with his cum. Sheila stiffened and then had another violent orgasm. She thought to herself that Ron was a very experienced lover as he fucked her and sucked her tits.

Sheila yelled in a whisper, "Hold me, please hold me, I'm cummmming!" 

Ron reached around behind her and pulled Sheila toward him as she shook and trembled throughout her intense orgasm. As she was cumming so did Ron and he fired a barrage of cum into her pussy. As she started to recover Ron laid her back down on the bed and slowly fucked her as his cock softened. Ron's cock was swimming in her cunt; there was so much cum in there mingling with her own juices.

"How was that Sheila? Wasn't that better than your dildo," he asked her in a whisper. 

Sheila looked down at Ron's soft cock and took it in her hand for the first time. Even soft it seemed big. She felt his cock harden in her hand and she held her arms open to him welcoming him between her legs again. Ron crawled between her legs and slipped his hard cock back in her pussy. Ron wanted to fuck Jerry's mother the rest of the day. Sheila knew this was wrong and she would deal with it later but right now it felt so good to have a real cock in her. Ron fucked her as long as he could. Sheila had multiple orgasms and the final one was so violent she nearly bucked Ron off her body. 

Then Sheila collapsed and whispered urgently. "Please stop, I have to rest. I am not sure I can cum any more."

Sheila looked so angelic on her back with her big firm tits poking up in the air and her hot pussy on display. Ron eased her legs apart and lowered his mouth to her vulva unconcerned that he had cum in her pussy. He teased Sheila with his tongue until her pussy heated up and glistened with moisture. Sheila started to stir and she opened her legs wider giving Ron easier access to her luscious pussy.

Ron located her clit and brought a soft moan to Sheila's lips as he nibbled it gently. He then inserted a thick finger into his Sheila's pussy and continued to tease her hard clit. Sheila's pussy was getting wetter and wetter and she started to move her hips with a desire to cum. That was the signal that Ron was waiting for and he moved his body up and knelt between her legs. He lined up his huge erect cock with Sheila's sopping wet cunt and eased it back in. Sheila's face tensed with the anticipation of Ron's big cock filling her pussy again.

Ron fucked her slowly at first and then he began to pick up the pace. Soon he was pounding her pussy and fucking her into submission. Sheila had orgasm after orgasm as Ron relentlessly fucked her. Ron just kept at her with his hard-on until she screamed and pleaded with him to stop. Sheila's body convulsed in a mind blowing orgasm and then she went limp on the bed. Ron smiled to himself and he eased his cock out of Sheila's well fucked pussy. He was thrilled with the seduction of Jerry's mother and he was proud about how many times she had orgasmed at his hands. Ron was surprised how easy it had been to seduce her.

"I need to cum again," Ron announced.

"Please Ron I can't, I am tired and sore," Sheila begged off.

"Well I will need your mouth then," Ron said assertively.

Sheila couldn't believe what she had just heard. Her son's lover was telling her to suck his cock. He wanted her to suck the cock that had been in her son's ass and her pussy. Ron was pushing his cock toward her face and as if in a trance Sheila took Ron's cock in her mouth and she began to suck on it. Ron was charged and he knew that he wouldn't last long. He made up his mind to cum in Sheila's mouth so he did not warn her of his impending orgasm. Sheila took Ron deeper in her mouth and jerked him off with her hand. Cum flew out of his cock and sprayed the back of her throat. She was caught off guard by the force and the volume of his ejaculation and she pulled his cock from her mouth to avoid gagging. Ron's semen splashed against her tits and neck as she guided his cock away from her face. After about seven ropes of cum shot out of his cock she squeezed the remaining seed out then Ron put his cock back in her mouth and so she could suck him dry.

Sheila regained her senses and she was humiliated by the last act. She tried to be firm when she said, "I need a shower now and you have to leave. This can never happen again."

Ron just smiled and replied, "I don't think you mean that but I should go. Jerry and Joe will be wondering where I am. I can't wait to tell Ron what a hot lady you are."

"Don't you dare say a word, now, please leave," Sheila requested.

Ron left the bedroom and returned to the exercise room. "Where the hell have you been?" Joe asked.

"Something came up and I had to take care of it," Ron replied with a sinister smile.

Joe picked up on it and decided not to press the issue. He would talk to Ron later and learn what happened. "Hey let's go for a swim," Jerry suggested. Of course neither Jerry nor Joe knew that Jerry's was in the house or that she had just had her brains fucked out. The three boys headed out to the pool naked where they swam and sunbathed for several hours. Then Joe and Ron left and Ron told Joe about Sheila.

"Really, I'd like to get some of that," Joe said.

"Do it. Tomorrow morning I'll take Jerry out of the house and you show up and seduce his mom. She's a pushover and she loves to fuck," Ron laid out the plan.

THE CONQUEST OF SHEILA CONTINUES

Saturday morning Joe entered Jerry's house and smelled the coffee aroma coming from the kitchen. Joe then made his way into the kitchen and found Sheila wearing a bathrobe.

"Where's Jerry?" Joe asked.

"He went to the store with Ron to pick up a few groceries and some muffins," Sheila replied nervously. 

Joe poured a cup of coffee for himself and then sat down at the kitchen table. Sheila thought that he had nerve to just walk in and make himself at home. Sheila was worried about what had happened the day before with Ron but she was even more worried that Ron had said something to Joe. She struggled internally with her emotions. She had let her own son's friend fuck her and she didn't try to stop him. In fact she enjoyed it as it was the best sex she had had in awhile. But it was wrong and she couldn't let it happen again.

Sheila was looking out the kitchen window thinking about Ron and what a good lover he had been. She momentarily forgot about Joe in the kitchen. Joe got up from his chair and walked over to her. Sheila felt his presence behind her and she trembled. She wondered why she suddenly felt so insecure in his presence. Joe put his arms around Jerry's mother's waist, pulled her back toward him and nuzzled her neck. Sheila knew she should stop this before it went any further but she couldn't or wouldn't. Joe moved his hands up to her breasts and began to massage them through her bathrobe. 

"Ron told me that you have nice tits, Sheila. He was right they are very nice," he told her as he moved his hips forward and Sheila felt his enormous cock pressing into her bottom through the robe. She knew that he was at least as big as Ron.

Joe dropped to his knees behind her, lifted her robe up and trailed kisses up and down each leg and on her ass cheeks. Sheila was trembling with desire and she wondered where Joe and Ron had learned all these things. Joe turned her around toward him and began to tongue her sopping wet pussy. Sheila came violently humping his face and covering it with her pussy juice. Sheila was too weak to stand any longer so she allowed Joe to lower her to the kitchen floor. Joe removed her bathrobe and spread it out so that Sheila could lay on it. Sheila rolled over on her stomach in an effort to protect her pussy from any more attention.

Joe looked at Sheila's ass and he could not resist running his hands over her shapely cheeks. Her ass was so amazing that he felt his loins stir with a renewed desire. He had never seen such a perfect ass and he now knew where Jerry got his bubble butt ass from. Joe had no knowledge of whether Jerry's mother had ever been butt fucked. Joe got to his knees behind Sheila and kneaded her gorgeous ass cheeks. He then began to kiss her cheeks and run his tongue lightly in the crack of her ass. Sheila wiggled her ass feeling very wicked as Joe tongued and kissed her. Joe lifted her by her hips so that her ass was perched in the air. Sheila's head was still on the floor and she turned it to one side on the bathrobe and let out a gasp as Joe's tongue licked close to her asshole. Sheila loved it when someone licked her asshole and again she was surprised with Joe's sexual maturity. Joe ran his tongue from her pussy to her ass causing her to tingle in anticipation of what might be next.
