 Tom and Tina's imaginative stories on Literotica had invigorated our sexual fantasies, although they had never actually met my wife and me. They had even convinced us to meet them in Tahiti for a week of fun. While we had agreed in principal to swap partners for an evening, sex is never a sure thing with strangers, even after a year of planning. We justified the trip as a stop on the way for me to attend a scientific conference in Singapore, but we knew the real reason that we were there. We were attracted to couples who loved each other and were imaginative about sex. 

Tina had been a teenager and a virgin just finishing her education at a convent school when she had met Tom. She was not a virgin when they married, but she had never felt a cock other than her husband's. It was Tina's repressed sexual fantasies that had been the fuel for their first steps into erotic role playing. Those first few steps were so enjoyable that Tina and Tom took off running. We would never have caught up with them if Tina hadn't wanted to meet her first fantasy lover in person. The man who had seduced her with words was me, Morris40, an occasional contributor and avid reader of Literotica.

Tom's story on Literotica about their adventures in role playing is how I got involved. I had sent Tom an email complimenting him on his story and thanking him for the inspiration behind a couple of superb orgasms that my wife and I shared. One email had lead to another until he was inviting me to seduce his wife with my words. I was hesitant to write to a stranger over the internet, but I get a vicarious thrill imagining strangers drawn into my erotic imagery. Why else would I post stories on Literotica? So what if "loving_hubby" was actually a sex starved divorcee in Nebraska posing as a thirty-something married couple in Thailand. Whoever the author was, he/she knew how to write a sophisticated erotic tale. How could I deny a fellow author the pleasure of imagining me pumping sperm into his wife?

And then I heard from Tina for the first time. Tina really was the woman that Tom had described in his stories about imaginative role playing. Now in her 30's and with two children in school, she had decided that life had more to offer than conventional morality allowed and that sexual adventures shared with her husband would be good for their marriage. 

All they needed was a little encouragement. I just told them what Tom had already told me. They already had a stable and loving relationship. What they wanted was some excitement. I told Tina that she was too hot for any one man so that first seductive email culminated in the fantasy of Tom and I making love to her together. My words encouraged Tina to admit that she wanted the sperm of two lovers mixing in her womb. Tom encouraged her to scream my name that night as they made love. Her friend had been right. The excitement of their renewed sexuality invigorated their marriage. Within the month, they had decided to trade partners with their neighbors. It was only a matter of time before my wife and I would be invited to join their circle of swinging couples.

So here we were a year later and half a world away from our home. My wife, Alicia, was swaying in Tom's arms to a sultry beat on the dance floor of a nightclub in Tahiti. The evening was going well, but I was still unsure if it would work out as smoothly as my stories unfold on Literotica. My wife and I were much older than Tom and Tina. I could reassure my wife that she was sexy, but she knew I loved her so somehow my woody didn't count. We still swapped with old friends, but it had been years since she had opened her legs for a stranger -- and especially for a man who had been riding a tricycle when she lost her virginity. She had been unsure whether she wanted to take the risk of being rejected just for the excitement of holding a young man's cock.

Tom was patient. He got to know what aroused her and then tempted her with her own fantasies. I helped, of course. I wanted Tina, but I also wanted to see my wife lose her inhibitions again. Only a younger man like Tom could do that for her. Our emails got hotter and more frequent. We traded pictures in clothing that we could have worn to a formal dinner party. While the pictures were innocent, our thoughts were not. The intensity of our sexual coupling was pushed up a couple of notches. After one exceptionally vigorous orgasm, I asked my wife if she could image having sex with Tom. She answered that not only did she dream about Tom driving his shaft into her but she was aroused by the thought of Tina's lips parting for my cock. We looked at each other knowingly and then fucked like young lovers for the rest of night. The passion of that night had carried us into the arms of our cyber lovers.

The first meeting had gone well. We had been greeted with hugs at the hotel like we had been old friends. We had come to feel like we knew each other and we really did. The impressions formed with words and pictures over the internet fit the reality of these friends we had just met. When Tom touched Alicia's knee as they sat next to each other, it seemed like the most natural of gestures.

My wife's grandparents had all been born in Norway. Her broad shoulders and large breasts were a part of her Scandinavian heritage. A thousand years before her grandparents had immigrated to the United States, her Viking ancestors had carried a woman with dark skin and eyes back with them to their homeland so my wife's skin was a warm brown like Tina's - and as smooth as sheer stockings. 

My wife had debated whether to wear stockings and then finally decided to leave her legs bare. Her legs were well shaped from years of rowing but it was a practical decision to go without. She wanted to feel Tom with her bare skin as he lay on top of her that first time and she was afraid she might not get her stockings off before her legs were locked around his back. 

Now we all swayed on the dance floor of the night club. My wife had her arms around Tom's neck as he looked in awe down her generous cleavage. Tina's willowy body was barely covered by her translucent dress as she molded herself to me and undulated with the rhythms. Dancing had been a good idea. Tina made dancing seem like sex with clothes on. She moved my hand to her breast during a slow number and sighed when I squeezed her hard like Tom did in his stories. We looked over at our spouses. They were locked in a kiss as they turned slightly. I could see Alicia's hand reach down and rub the bulge in Tom's pants. Tina saw it, too, and thrust her pelvis into me until I groaned and pushed her away to avoid coming right there on the dance floor. 

"You can quit worrying now, Morris. She'll get a good ride from Tom."

"Then I can't wait to hear you say those three magic words to me."

She wrinkled her forehead and tilted her head slightly until the inside joke came to her. Then her eyes brightened and a smile spread across her face. She had first heard my voice in a .wav file that I had sent her by email describing how I had made love to her after she said those three magic words to me.

She leaned into me until her lips touched my ear. In a sweet voice that only I could hear, she whispered "Fuck me, Morris!" 

She pulled back quickly and laughed without letting go of my hand. Pulling me behind her, she led me from the room. I had waited for this moment since the first image of her face had opened on my computer screen. She was the perfect embodiment of a seductive enchantress. Her glossy red stiletto heels accentuated her shapely legs. Her patterned stockings ended at the top of her thighs but her sheer skirt was so short that a finger's width of caramel colored flesh flashed into view with each step. 

She took care that her every move was meant to arouse. The sway of her hips, the way she tossed her long straight hair, her bare back and shoulders -- all conspired to prepare me for the moment when the door of our room clicked shut and she turned to face me.

If I wasn't tenting my trousers by then, the evening would be a disappointment for her. She didn't have to worry. If I had been any more aroused, I would have cum in my pants like the young man in their first role playing adventure.

The elevator ride was almost my undoing. We rode the first several floors alone. When the doors closed on us, she had pressed her slender fingers around the bulge in my trousers and stroked firmly. I pulled her closer to stop her from jerking me to a premature climax. Her open mouth sucked me into a passionate kiss. My hands had lifted her skirt up over her bare ass by the time the elevator door rang. I had just stretched the thin fabric back over her exposed skin when the door opened for two young women with Australian accents and a handsome man of Chinese ethnicity, who was obviously enjoying their company.

Tina was a woman dressed to seduce in an outfit calculated to enhance the sexual appeal of what little it actually covered. By contrast, the young women appeared formless in jeans and shirts that hid the assets they each had to offer the young man with whom they were flirting. 

Tina moved in front of me and pushed her ass firmly into my groin as she studied the young man who shared a part of her multi-ethnic parentage. She locked eyes with him and smiled seductively while moving her body provocatively into the obvious tent in my trousers. I swear that the man grew an enormous erection within the brief span that the elevator took to climb the next six floors. Her effect on their man was not lost on the two women. One of the women moved in front of him protectively and pressed her ass back into his erection as the other moved behind him and reached boldly into his pocket to fondle his equipment. 

As the elevator door closed behind us, Tina laughed again with unrestrained joy.

"What was that all about?" I asked.

"Just helping a couple young women get laid. They might never have taken the first step without a little competition to encourage them."

I imagined the young women now competing with each other to emulate Tina seductiveness until clothing was scattered about the room they shared together. In that moment, their naked bodies would no longer compete for his attention. They would press into this relative stranger as a single mass of undulating flesh. Male and female. Western and Eastern. Tall and short. They would all be bonded together by a shared need for sexual gratification. 

They had been under Tina's seductive influence for a matter of minutes. I looked forward to a night of wanton pleasure with this embodiment of all my carnal desires. 

But was she really such a seductress. She had described herself as just a shy girl who would never dream of being on the cover of a fashion magazine. Perhaps she was right. The picture she had sent me was of a beautiful young woman, but I would never have mistaken her for a movie actress. No, she was much more beautiful. The deep brown eyes that hinted at her Chinese ancestry had a kindness in them that a worldly model could not fake for the camera. Her smooth brown skin had not come from a tanning booth but was a gift from an Indian father. Tom's loving wife was only a seductress when she wanted to be. For tonight, it was not the shy girl that was leading me down this hallway to get her pussy stuffed.

The door to our room had barely closed when I felt the warmth of Tina's mouth enveloping my cock. I wanted to shoot my load down her throat, but not standing with my back against the wall. I pulled Tina to her feet, stripped off her dress, and shoved her onto the bed. She was naked except for her stockings and high heels. I crawled over her body until my cock again touched her lips and my tongue had access to her sex. We grappled together in a classic "69" position and sucked in each others scent and taste. I could not stop myself from cumming in her mouth, but we did not stop. 

She rolled me over and sat on my face. My arms were bigger than her thighs, but she used her weight effectively to control where my tongue pressed into her. The taste of her wet slit aroused me. She had the first of several small orgasms before turning her attention back to my now revived cock.

I felt the pressure of another body on the mattress next me, but my vision to either side was blocked by Tina's thighs. Someone turned on another light.

"I like to see what I'm eating."

It was my wife's voice. The groan of pleasure must have been Tina's husband.

"Your husband is skilled with his tongue."

Now it was Tina's voice answering my wife. My wife made in an unintelligible reply as her mouth was full of Tom's cock.

My senses were enhanced by what I could hear and feel without seeing. My wife sat on the bed next to me with another man's cock between her lips. I could hear Tina encourage her husband to squeeze my wife's breasts. My wife must have seen my cum dripping from Tina's chin. She surely could see the tip of Tina's tongue probe the little slit were my sticky fluid continued to leak from the end of my shaft.

I studied Tina's sex while I decided where to explore next. My arms wrapped around her thighs while my hands spread the wings of her cunt. The outer folds were swollen thick and red with engorged blood. Beads of her secretions glistened in the folds and filled my nostrils with the musky scent of her arousal. I pulled on the inner wings of her sex to spread open her tunnel for me. Her inner labia were much longer and fuller than my wife's. I sucked one fold and then the other deep into my mouth as Tina continued to writhe in pleasure. 

The dark recesses of her vagina begged me to explore those parts of her sexuality that my eyes would never see. I curled the finger with my wedding ring into my palm and pushed the longest of my two fingers into her dark cavity. I moved my fingers inside of her to stimulate those delicate tissues that aroused her. She had let go of my cock to concentrate on the intensity of her experience. 

"Fuck her Morris! You've got her close."

It was her husband's voice that emboldened my explorations and finally pushed his wife over the top. All of those parts that she had kept hidden for years were now only inches from my face -- the soft bush of her pubic hair, the wings of glistening flesh, the pink nub of her sensitive clitoris, her tunnel stretched open by my fingers. My fingers thrust into her while my tongue licked at the juices that my probing fingers brought to the surface. I kissed passionately what she had once been too modest to expose for her husband's camera. I could feel her body tense. Her sensitive clitoris pulled back into its protective hood.

Then she exploded in an orgasm that convulsed her whole body. I could feel the rhythmic contractions of her pelvic muscles deep inside her vagina. As the contractions lessened in intensity, I withdrew my fingers and she shuddered again. No cock had entered her, but a stream of frothy secretions dripped from her pussy. I pursed my lips over her opening and kissed her again. My tongue darted into the tunnel stretched open by my fingers and licked at her scent.

She collapsed on top me, breathing hard. I lay my head back on the mattress with my own strength spent. My cock leaked freely, but I had not cum again. I thought of all the possible positions in which my cock would have access to Tina's pussy when she came down from her orgasmic high -- and I smiled to myself.

I could sense a change in activity on the bed next to me. My wife's words were now distinct. Her groans were no longer muffled. She twisted her body and thrust her pelvis until the mattress on which we all lay seemed to bounce. Tom was eating her pussy like I had eaten out his wife's. By the time that my wife had the first of her orgasms, Tina had rolled off to one side. I rested my cheek on Tina's backside and watched the intensity of expression in my wife's face. Tina studied her husband as he eagerly licked and sucked at my wife's sex.

My wife is always highly aroused after being brought to climax by oral sex done well. Tom had her at her peak. She used the muscles that she had built by long hours on a rowing machine to pull Tom up from between her legs so he could fuck her. As their lips locked together in a sloppy kiss, she must have tasted her own scent on his tongue.

Tina reached between her husband's legs with one hand and curled her fingers around his shaft. With the other hand, she spread the lips of my wife's sex and guided the tip of her husband's cock to the opening. The shaft was no longer than mine but the uncircumcised tip of his cock appeared enormous poised there at the opening to her tunnel. With gently increasing pressure, he pushed against her. Accompanied by a long deep sigh from my wife, his tool sank into her inch by inch. I watched mesmerized for several thrusts as her delicate tissues clung to his shaft when he withdrew and then disappeared into her darkness as he thrust again.

My wife gushed the same frothy liquid that I had sucked from Tina's pussy. The lubricant gave a wet sheen to the fleshy piston plunging irresistibly into her. I could see the muscles in his buttocks and thighs contract with each thrust until he had the bulk and definition of a body builder at the end of an exercise routine. He was stronger than I was and had more body hair. She must have felt the difference between us. She raked his back with her nails and held her legs even wider apart to give him deeper abscess. They were oblivious to the two of us watching. Their faces were contorted with that mixture of pleasure and pain that is sex without inhibition.

Tina left them to complete their act of sex. I watched for another minute and then followed her into the bathroom. Tina stood in front of the mirror still naked except for her stockings and high heels. She saw me in the reflection and smiled. She bent over the sink and splashed water on her face to wash off the semen that she had been unable to catch and swallow. The cheeks of her ass separated to expose her sex as she leaned forward. Her pussy was still wet from her secretions and my tongue.

I moved behind her until our bare skin touched. She shuddered with what she knew would come. Her high heels made up for much of the difference in our heights. Her position was perfect for me to enter her as she braced herself against the cool marble of the countertop. She called out my name and urged me to fuck her.

My cock reached further into her depths than my fingers ever could. Her fleshy tube stretched and elongated to accommodate my tool and then contracted back onto my dimensions until my cock fit her vagina like a finger in a glove. 

We watched ourselves in the reflection. I could see the lust in her eyes as my cock pounded into her. I could see the inevitability of my orgasm build on my face as she gripped my cock inside her. While I am usually a gentle lover, I could see the raw sexuality of rutting animals as we fucked in front of that mirror.

I looked down to where we were locked together. I wondered how many cocks had entered her since I had first seduced her with my words. How many men had the pleasure of feeling her warmth contract around their tools and milk the fluids from their testes.

We heard our spouses cry from the other room as their fucking culminated in a moment of sexual release.

Neither of us wanted to let this moment of sexual ecstasy reach its inevitable conclusion. She held her hand up for me to stop as she reached a point where her orgasm was almost irrepressible. We stood locked together motionless watching each other in the mirror. I studied the contours of her breasts as she leaned forward and then stood upright again. She reached between her legs and fondled the sac that contained my testicles. The sac was nearly empty as my testicles drew up inside of me waiting for release. Each time we came back from the edge of the climax, we would pump into each other for a few exquisitely pleasurable strokes and then hold still again.
