 The second morning at the resort was the prelude to even more adventures. We had spent our sexual energies in the shower that morning, but we each looked forward to what new sexual pleasures the evening would bring. 

We napped during the heat of the midday. We were content to just enjoy the touch of bare feet and bathrobes as we lay together under an umbrella and listened to gentle waves break on the sand. In the afternoon, Tina snorkeled with me in the lagoon while Tom and Alicia hiked inland to watch birds as brightly colored as the reef fish.

The first colors of the sunset found us on the beach together again. We smiled as we walked by another couple wading naked in the clear water. We shed our clothes while they watched us. A narrow trail beckoned us to explore a small stream, so we turned away from the beach. A short walk led us to a small pool in a clearing. The smooth rocks around the pool were covered with a soft layer of moss.

I had been holding Alicia's hand. Tina had her arm around Tom's waist. By silent agreement, we separated from our spouses and found our lovers. Tina wrapped her arms around my neck and swayed to her own music as she danced with me. My cock was quickly swelled to its full length by her sensuous moves. Alicia's technique was more direct, but no less effective. In the corner of my eye, I could see my wife on her knees smiling with Tom's cock bulging her cheek.

Tina sank down and pulled me with her. The cool hardness of the rock contrasted with the warm softness of her flesh. I felt my face guided between her thighs until my lips were pressed against her sex. I licked on her delicate folds until the scent of her lust told me that her clitoris was ready to be sucked. I pressed the flat of my tongue against the protruding nubbin and shook my head from side to side. I could feel the vibrations of arousal penetrating to her core. Shoving her legs further apart, I thrust my tongue into her vagina. She obliged me with a shudder as she tipped her head back.

My wife was on her hands and knees with Tom's shaft stuck in her pussy. I could have fucked Tina at that moment, but I wanted the evening to last. Tom could squirt a half dozen times for each one of my organisms. I had to accept that I was an older man and pace myself accordingly.

I pulled Tina into my lap as we watched our spouses make love. Tina slipped my cock into her pussy but made no attempt to get me off. We snuggled and enjoyed the closeness of the moment as our spouses neared a shared climax.

Alicia and Tom were too absorbed in each other to notice or care when another couple walked into our clearing. They were an age somewhere between Tom & Tina and my wife & me. Like us, they were naked. Unlike us, they were not comfortable with being naked in the company of strangers.

The man pulled on his wife's hand to leave us to the privacy of our clearing, but his wife was frozen in her tracks. Tom opened his eyes and was locked in her stare just as he reached the edge of his orgasm. My wife screamed "fuck me" at same moment that she too became aware of the new couple's presence. It made no difference. For the next minute (but it seemed longer), Tom and Alicia fulfilled their carnal needs as we watched entranced by the intensity of their fucking. When they were through, Alicia lay flat on her stomach across the smooth rock with a white streak of cum down her back. Tom kneeled over her smiling triumphantly with a wilted and dripping cock.

The woman, who had been frozen in her tracks, finally spoke.

"Oh, my God!"

Tina understood instantly how the woman felt and how to put her at ease.

"You've never seen a couple make love, have you?"

"No! I never! I couldn't!"

Her husband was no longer pulling on her hand to leave. He stood behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist. He kissed her neck sweetly. She relaxed slightly.

"I mean. I could never."

Her husband spoke now.

"That's not what you said last night. You called me an old prude as I remember."

"Getting naked, Yes! I mean, just the two of us on the beach, but ... Oh, my God!"

It was Tina that evoked the last comment. She stood up, leaving my cock for all to see, shiny and wet and pointing straight up.

I did not consider myself particularly well endowed but my tool was somewhat longer than average and well shaped. The naked women stared at my cock and trembled almost imperceptibly as her husband continued to hold her around the waist with one hand and fondled her ample breasts with the other. Her deep red nipples hardened and jutted forward.

Tina walked confidently toward the naked couple without words being spoken. Tina took the woman gently by the elbow. Her husband released his grasp around her waist, placed his hands on her smooth ass cheeks, and gave her a little push forward. Her first step separated her completely from her husband's touch, although he was still only a foot or two away from her.

"You want it. You know you do." He said gently.

She looked over her shoulder at him and then looked back at me. Her expression was blank. She had not made up her mind as she looked me over. Her eyes darted back and forth over my naked body until I could feel her gaze lock on my erect shaft. I could see her expression change as she continued to stare at the cock that only moments before had been shoved into another woman.

She took a step forward and looked over her shoulder again.

"Are you sure?" She said, almost pleadingly, to her husband.

His words reassured her, but his stance reassured her even more. He stood in the warm light of the early evening with the confidence of a man who knew what he wanted. She saw that he was fully erect. Not all men want to see their wives get fucked. Tom and I knew the difference between sex and love. We knew that our wives could enjoy sex with friends without threatening the love shared in a committed relationship.

I needed no reminders of what had physically attracted me to my wife. It was the similarities in our approach to life that bound us together as souls but it was the difference in our bodies that bound us together as man and woman. I enjoy having a wife who is an attractive woman. I enjoy the sight of her seductively clad in a low-cut dress with her legs perfectly shaped by high heels. She was not sexual with me as just an obligation of marriage. She loved sex and enjoyed the freedom of displaying her beauty without fear of arousing my jealousy. What better way to show off her sexuality than letting me watch her make love to another man?

The man knew all this about himself and his wife before she did. Now he encouraged her to display her sexuality like she had never done before. The sheer novelty of the situation stripped her of her inhibitions.

It had taken nearly a year to arrange a meeting between Tom and Tina and my wife and me. Tina had masturbated for weeks with a full length photo of me before she had sent me a close cropped picture of her face. It was another month before I saw her legs or heard her voice. For months, she would not let her husband send Alicia a picture of his equipment -- that is, until she had seen her husband's cock slowly swallowed up by a neighbor's pussy for the first time. Then her desires were unleashed and her pussy learned the pleasures of servicing their neighbor's husband. For this inexperienced couple, all of the uncertainties that it took Tina months to negotiate were resolved with a few words and a reassuring smile during the dozen steps that separated her husband and my cock.

The woman straddled my legs and licked her lips as she looked down at me. She shuddered involuntarily when her flesh first touched mine. Tina guided the woman's hand down to my cock. She positioned my cock to slip between the bright red wings of her labia into her wet tunnel. Just as we were about to join our bodies together with a slender rod of engorged flesh, she hesitated. The opening that only her husband had entered for all of the years of marriage remained just out of reach. Tina moved behind the woman and placed her hands on her shoulders. With firm but gentle pressure, Tina pushed the woman down onto my waiting cock. The woman's face was intense but serene as my shaft slowly entered her. I felt her exhale as my shaft shoved her cervix aside and reached further back into her dark cavity than her husband ever could.

All eyes were on us for the first penetration of the newbie. When my cock was fully engulfed by her pussy, she looked directly into my eyes and laughed. It was not amusement but pure pleasure that shook her body. Her full breasts bounced in front of my eyes as she tilted her head back and laughed again.

When she stopped laughing, she twisted her body to look over her shoulder at her husband.

"I've done it, honey! I'm fucking him. I'm going to make him cum ..."

And then she began to describe all the lewd acts that had previously been mere fantasies. She held her nipples up to my lips for sucking as she rode up and down on my cock vigorously. She would not have been considered exceptionally beautiful in a wet T-shirt contest, but the intensity of her sexual desire was infectious and I was finding it hard to hold onto my sperm long enough to please her.

The spectators lost interest in the two of us even as we became lost in each others sexual pleasure. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Tina go down on her knees and take the man's cock in her mouth. The ecstatic look on his face was priceless. Then I could see nothing as the woman pressed my face between her breasts and humped me.

I couldn't see Tom but I could feel his presence in the woman's movements. When she let go of my face, I leaned back to take in the wider scene. Tom was behind the woman with his hands on her ass. He pushed her up and off of my cock then slipped his own thick shaft when mine had just been. The woman gasped with the sensation of a much larger, if somewhat shorter, cock. As abruptly as he had entered her, he pulled out and let my cock replace his. She rode my cock with renewed vigor until Tom pushed her off again. With the next cock swap, her chest flushed and she screamed as her body rocked with spasms of orgasmic ecstasy. 

She fell off to one side but Tom would not let her rest despite her weak protests. He rolled her on her back, pushed her thighs apart and thrust his cock into her still quivering pussy. She had a second incredible orgasm before she had let go of the first. Tom's back would be raw where her fingernails were digging into him, but he seemed to be enjoying himself so I let them fuck while I turned to the other 3 members of our little orgy.

Tina had written me early in our relationship that she had no attraction for women. I knew this was not true, of course. We were all attracted to each other. We just needed the right circumstances. These were the right circumstances.

The man lay on his back with Tina on top of him. They were of just the right height so that Tina could feed her tongue into his mouth while he filled her pussy with his cock. My wife had pressed her breasts into Tina's back and was nibbling on her ear as encouragement to their fucking. As I watched, Alicia slide her breasts down Tina's back and planted kisses along her spine until her kisses had no where else to go but along the crease in her ass. The man broke off Tina's kiss and gasped as he felt my wife's tongue slide along his shaft and lick at the juices that coated his shaft each time he pulled out of his new lover.

And that's when I knew that Tina had become a sexually liberated woman. She had fucked me because we had become lovers since that first exchange of emails. Not lovers like our spouses, but lovers like a trusted friend can be a lover in an open relationship. These two people were strangers. We did not even know their names. But the man had a cock that felt good in Tina's pussy and the woman had a pussy that felt good around Tom's cock. That was all that was necessary.

We would spend the rest of the vacation as an amorous foursome but it was only a matter of time before Tom & Tina would join us at our swing club in Florida. I had once watched my wife make love to a half-dozen men over the course of an extended weekend. I was just a little jealous of Tom at that moment, but it soon passed. Tina's beauty would attract any man she wanted and Tom would always be there to explore the man's wife. A beautiful couple could have anyone who believed in the swinging lifestyle anytime they wanted.

Now I wanted Tina and it was my turn. The man was still quivering as his limp cock slipped from her dripping pussy. She had gotten the sperm that she craved. I did not let her get up. With her breasts draped over the stranger's face, I crouched over Tina and thrust my tool into her. I thrust hard and fast as the stranger bit at her nipples. When I came, our commingled sperm gushed out of Tina's pussy and made a sticky mess of the stranger's pubic hair. When Tina and I stood up, my wife crawled on top of him and rolled the man over on her to take her turn. After years of being sexually faithful to his wife, the man was insatiable.

The woman had been watching us when I let loose inside of Tina. She held Tom's cock and was licking at the tip, but had not let him block her view of the three of us. Tom appeared to appreciate the woman's attention, so I took my wilted cock over to her for a little oral refreshment. She grabbed my cock when it came within her reach and pumped the two of us together with her fists. For a woman with no prior experience of group sex, she knew instinctively how to satisfy multiple partners. As her husband pumped into my wife with renewed vigor, Tina came over and held the woman's long straight hair back from her face so she could turn from one cock to the other without distraction. 

My wife was getting increasing noisy as she neared another climax. I always get excited when my wife gets vocal, especially if the cause of her moaning was another man's tool working into her. A wet kiss from Tina put me over the top and I shot a glob of the sticky stuff into the newbie's mouth. She looked surprised without letting go of my jerking shaft. Tom put a load of cum across her cheek before she turned toward him and took his next jet on her tongue. I finished off as cum slid down her chest and dripped off a nipple. When we had finished, we lifted her up together and each gave her a warm embrace. We smiled quietly as my wife had to help her exhausted husband to his feet. 

We were left in silence except for the gentle sound of water running into the pool and the distant crash of surf. It seemed only natural to introduce ourselves by name to these strangers with whom we had just become so intimate. We had drinks together that night and finally got to know them better. We would have swapped with them in an instant if they had been old friends, but it had been fun making love with them as strangers. They left the next day, but they were world travelers so it did not seem so final. It would not be the last time we saw them. And, of course, we had the rest of the week with Tom and Tina.

A final note: This story occurred in a parallel universe without sexually transmitted disease. If you don't live in such a universe, please wear condoms (and pick your friends carefully) -- but don't be afraid to share. Your spouse could be someone's fantasy lover.