 My name is Brad, I am a Staff Sergeant in the U. S. Army, and my wife is Jennifer. Just over three years ago the Army moved us to Fort Campbell, Kentucky and assigned me to the 101st. Ft Campbell just opened some newly built duplex housing and offered us one. It didn't take our kids long to meet the neighbor kids who were about the same age, and they quickly became best friends.

Because of the kids Jennifer and I started talking with Beth and Dan, we to became very close. Jennifer is also a Staff Sergeant and Dan has a civilian job on post. Within a couple weeks we started having dinner at their house every Tuesday and they had dinner at ours on Thursday. Most Friday nights we all did something fun as a group and Sunday was 1000 brunch at our place. Jennifer and I have never had such close friends.

One Saturday all the kids were gone on sleepovers and for the first time we had a night to ourselves. No kids. Our evening started out about the same as usual, we ordered a pay-per-view movie and settled in to watch. On the movie one of the stars ordered a margarita. Jennifer said that looked good and she could really use one. We all agreed so Dan and I made a quick tequila run. 

None of us drink often so it didn't take long for us to all get a good buzz going. Beth finished the drink in her hand, and suggested that we all jump in the hot tub. Beth and Dan have a hot tub in their garage, strictly against post housing rules. Jennifer said that the hot tub sounded good and that we would go get our suits. Beth stood up and said, "Forget the suits. Lets go nude." Then she quickly took off her shirt and her bra, pulled off her shorts and panties in one swipe. "Well?" That was all I needed to encourage me I stood up and did the same. Then Dan stripped down. "Gee one of us is a bit overdressed." Beth teased Jennifer. Finally Jennifer stripped down and we all walked out to the garage and got into the water.

As soon as we got into the water we noticed that the pitcher of margaritas was still inside. Dan got up and went to get it. When he returned I couldn't help but notice Jennifer staring at Dan's cock, which was slightly larger than mine. We spent about an hour in the hot tub drinking and talking about whatever friends talk about when drunk. Jennifer and I stood in the middle of the tub and danced a dance or two. Beth and Dan also shared a dance. But that was all of the touching that happened.

The next morning when Beth and Dan came over for brunch there was no awkwardness, no embarrassment. We did talk about our hot tub fun, we all laughed and enjoyed our brunch.

About a month later Beth needed a ride to work. I walked into their house a few minutes early and found Beth in the kitchen wearing only a blue thong. She showed no embarrassment only offered me a cup of coffee and went up to the bedroom to get dressed. Dan was sitting at the dining table and only said "Good morning. Brad get some coffee and join me while Beth gets dressed." As I sat down I could tell something was on Dan's mind.

"Brad, you and Beth will be deploying to Iraq in about eight months."

"Yes. Why?" I was confused by Dan's manner.

"One of the hardest things to deal with during a deployment is being away from our wives. Dealing with being alone."

"I masturbate a lot. I will get through it. And so will Beth."

"What if you and Beth, took care of each others needs. And Jennifer and I took care of each other?" Before I could answer Beth started down the stairs. Dan leaned over and said, "I haven't mentioned this to Beth. Think about it." 

Beth was opening the door and yelling back at me, "Come on Brad. I can't wait for you all morning." And we went to work. Several hours later I sent Dan a text, "YES!"

That evening the kids had a dance at school and were gone for the night. Beth came over and invited Jennifer and I for a quick soak in the hot tub. "No clothes again. It was fun last time, lets get naked while sober." So we all got in the tub it was nice to be naked in the hot tub. After a few minutes Beth looked at Jennifer and said, "While Brad and I are in Iraq, you and Dan will be here by yourselves." 

Dan and I looked at each other and Dan blurted out, "I didn't say anything to her." 

Beth looked from Dan to me confused, "You two have already talked about this?"

"I mentioned it to him this morning."

"Wait a minute. I seem to be the only one not included in this conversation. But I am pretty sure I have a good Idea what the subject is. Brad. Cut the crap. Just say it."

"OK Jennifer. Beth and Dan are the best friends we have ever had. While Beth and I are in Iraq why don't you and Dan take care of each other and Beth and I will do the same. There, no beating around the bush."

"Beth said without hesitation. Sounds good. Jennifer?"

"Yes." As soon as Jennifer said yes she moved across the tub and started to kiss Dan. I followed her lead and started making out with Beth. It had been a long time since I had fondled a breast other than Jennifer's. Unfortunately we only had time for some heavy petting before the kids were due to get home. That night Jennifer and I made love with more passion than we have had in a long time. We each came hard. And cuddled deeply in love."

That Saturday we managed to send the kids on a daylong trip with our church. As soon as the bus picked up our kids we were naked in the hot tub, but we didn't stay there long. After a little heavy petting Jennifer grabbed Dan's hard cock and stood up. "Let's go. I want to get laid." Beth followed her lead and also grabbed my hard cock and stood up. "Let's go Brad. I am not about to let my husband be left alone with your wife. Who knows what might happen." At that she kissed me with a lot of tongue, never letting go of my cock.

Beth and I arrived in her bedroom only seconds after Jennifer and Dan. Jennifer was eagerly sucking on Dan's cock, I found this incredibly arousing. And couldn't wait to eat Beth's shaven pussy. As I tongued and sucked on Beth I couldn't help but look at my wife sucking another cock. She didn't suck too long. "I want you to cum in my pussy." She then climbed up and sat on Dan's cock she took him all at once. And then was still for a minute just enjoying Dan's cock rammed deep into her love hole. I wanted Beth to cum before I put my cock into her, so I licked and tongued till she squirmed. As soon as Beth saw Jennifer moving up and down on her husband's cock she came.

For the next several months until we deployed we had many foursomes and often swapped bedrooms for the night. It didn't take our kids long to get used to the new arrangement. Weekdays we usually slept in our own beds with our wives but on the weekends we would switch. During one of our foursomes we tried same sex partners. The ladies agreed they preferred cock to pussy and Dan and I prefer pussy to cock. We are all comfortable with each others bodies, none of us mind touching each other from time to time. Jennifer does enjoy sucking on Beth's nipples. And Dan will suck pussy juice off of my cock from time to time.

The deployment was not much different than the other deployments I have been on with the exception that this time I was getting laid regularly. Beth and I took care of each other every chance we got. Jennifer and Dan also kept each other fulfilled. It turned out to me a good arrangement. 

Within a few months after this deployment is over Beth and I will both get out of the Army. We have decided to buy a large home together and live as one large family.