 Authors Notes:

First off, I'd like to thank a certain female Swedish member of the AH for the plot bunny and the explanation of "Fuck Buddies". I'd heard the term mentioned briefly somewhere else but she made it an itch that I had to scratch.

I'd also like to thank Rumple Foreskin for the excellent edit. I didn't know a writer, namely me, could make so many errors and still have something to read. I learned a lot and if I missed fixing some of the stuff he pointed out, then it's my fault not his.

TxRad

*

Jack owned the one room rustic cabin out on the far edge of town. It might be old but it was warm and cozy on cold snowy winter nights. An overly large fireplace dominated one wall and a super king sized bed the opposite. For the purposes of the Friday night fuck, suck, and licker fest it was perfect. It was room for six with no waiting.

Most of the members were on the way up young executives who spent too much time working and trying to get ahead. They didn't have the time or energy left for a normal social life, so this group was their outlet so to speak. They had known each other forever and felt safe and secure. 

They led separate lives and worked for different companies but all had the same goal. To have as many orgasms as their bodies could handle, hoping it would be enough to carry them through the next long lonely week, so they could do it all over again.

Jack was exception. He was the rich guy of the group. His athletic build and rugged good looks got him plenty of offers for dates and sex but when it came down to it, he was paranoid. He figured they were all after his money and nothing else. He had to know someone a while before he would even talk to them much less get close.

But this stories not just about Jack, but the whole group and what happened one Friday night not to long ago.

*****

Twenty-five year old Lena Best was laying flat on her back on the big bed, a small round breast in each hand, her fingers squeezing, pulling, and rolling her long hard sensitive nipples. She was sucking on George's short fat dick. She loved the way it filled her mouth leaving just enough room for her tongue to tease and tantalize the plum sized head. 

Her tongue moved in unison with the long thin highly flexible tongue working wonders in her own sex. Lorrie Best was the greatest at reaching all those special little nooks and crannies way up inside a girl and from long experience knew what her sister liked. She was driving Lena crazy.

The two sisters looked nothing alike. Lena was short and full-bodied with small breasts and wide hips. A double dose of ass, as she was fond of telling everyone. Lorrie was tall and slender with long legs and more than an ample share of boobs that made her look top heavy to say the least.

Lorrie was on her knees and elbows with Jack's deliciously large dick rammed all the way in her tight little pussy. He had her stretched to the point where it almost hurt. The slow easy movements of his hips as he worked himself inside had bumped her nose against her sister's clit, causing Lena to moan loudly around her mouthful of cock. 

The other two members of their regular Friday night fuck buddy session were late, as usual. Kate and Allie were probably wrapped up in a sixty-nine somewhere since neither of them cared for the guys, and always bitched about them being there. Why they even bothered to show up, if and when they did, was a mystery to almost everyone.

Lorrie knew the reason quite well. They loved her long tongue and lusted after a piece of her sister. Lena had held out for the last year. She preferred to stick with the guys and let only her sister of the women eat her out. She was weird that way. She wouldn't touch any pussy but her own but loved her sister's tongue in her ass and especially in her pussy.

Of course Lorrie loved it all, being bi was as much a part of her make up as breathing. She had first eaten Lena out a long time ago and it had become a tradition as much as anything. Lorrie would love for her sister to reciprocate. It was the one thing Lorrie always masturbated to.

Jack had been going slowly, letting Lorrie's tight pussy relax and get used to being stuffed. Now he started to move that monster in and out of her box more forcefully. Lorrie gasp at the sudden empty and then overly full feelings as her nose was once again bumping and brushing her sister's clit. 

It wouldn't take much more for Lena to go boom big time and Lorrie knew she wouldn't be far behind, if not sooner. That big bone rubbing so firmly on her clit was distracting her from her sister's pussy but not entirely. The feel and taste of her hot sweet sex was something dreams were made of.

*****

Everything came to a stop as the cabin door banged opened and Kate and Allie stomped inside out of the cold night air. Kate was short and thin, with an erotic Asian beauty that was breathtaking. Her short black hair framed a heart shaped face with exotic dark almond eyes and a small upturned nose.

Allie on the other hand was tall, blonde, and Nordic. They were quite the contrast. Allie wasn't as tall as Lorrie but had bigger boobs and her ass rivaled Lena's. Her overall tan accented her blondness, bringing out her light eyelashes and the thin sprinkling of fine blonde hair on her pussy. All in all she was one spectacular package.

"You guys just couldn't wait for us, could you?" Kate asked in a high whiny voice.

Shaking his head in amusement, George said, "What's this "you guys" stuff? You two aren't interested in us. All you want is a piece of Lena's ass and Lorrie's tongue." 

Kate and Allie ignored him as they stripped off their coats. All either of them wore underneath were thigh high stockings and boots. Kate's bright white tan lines were in deep contrast to her bronze tan and Allie's honey color. Allie had no tan lines at all, which just added to her mystic as the Nordic Queen. 

"What keeps you two bitch's from freezing, running around dressed like that?" Jack asked in wonder.

"We have our ways," Allie said with a catty smile. "It's a girl/girl thing and you wouldn't understand."

"Oh, I've seen the two of you in action enough to have a pretty good idea," Jack shot back at her.

"Hey George, why don't you get that doorknob of a dick out of the way and let me sit on Lena's face," Kate said. Her voice and smile might have been taken for teasing but she was dead serious and everyone knew it. 

Lena slipped George's big dick out of her mouth and said, "Only after you let him fuck you with this doorknob." From all that Lena had gathered, Kate was a virgin. "Who knows, you might actually like it." She added with a grin.

"Yeah, right, when hell freezes over," Kate replied. 

With a straight face, Jack said, "From that breeze you two let in, that might be later tonight." 

"When hell freezes over that big club you call a dick will break off under its own weight," Allie told him.

"Not if I keep it in this nice warm pussy, it won't," Jack replied as he flexed his hips, his dick moving easily in and out of Lorrie. The entrance to her sex could be seen clinging to his shaft on the outstroke and being forced inward as he pushed forward. 

"Damn, you're ruining a great piece of pussy," Kate said, whining again.

Lorrie shivered and then grunted softly, "Oh no he's not!" 

When Jack grabbed her hips and rammed his dick in and out a couple of times, she whispered loudly, "Oh yeah baby, make it hurt so good." With a groan, she dropped her head back to her sister's sex and rammed her tongue home.

Lena gasped loudly at the sudden intrusion and then sighed deeply, "I love it when you do that."

"She'd love it even more if you'd return the flavor. I mean favor," Kate said.

Lena looked at her with dreamy eyes. "One of these days I just might."

"How about tonight?" Allie asked with a mischievous grin.

Lorrie's nose was bumping her sister's clit again and her tongue was touching the g-spot that was always just out of reach of Lena's own fingers. Lena arched up and groaned loudly as she started to come. Knowing the two lesbians were watching just made it that much more satisfying. 

"Left out again," George muttered to himself.

Kate told him. "Then go fuck Jack." 

"I would, but he's not that way. His rear end is exit only."

"You got that right," Jack said between ragged breaths. He was pounding into Lorrie and both were very near to orgasm.

Lena was well into a second soul-shattering climax by the time Lorrie yelled as her orgasm took off. As usual, her tongue went even wilder than ever, driving Lena higher and higher. Jack's grunts and groans as he came mixed in last but not least.

"Gross!" Kate said with a look of repulsion.

"Lorrie doesn't think so," Allie whispered to her girlfriend. 

Allie had been with a man, a man she had married, and a man who had hurt her bad in many ways. Even so, she still wasn't down on men nearly as bad as Kate. Allie wondered about that and had asked her but never got a straight answer.

As Lena's second orgasm slacked off, she reached up and grabbed George's dick. George leaned forward as she pulled it toward her mouth and groaned loudly as she swallowed him completely. She didn't do that often but tonight she was in the mood.

Jack and Lorrie rolled over on their sides and cuddled spoon fashion. Kate made a dive for Lena's muff but she slammed her legs together and groaned around the mass of meat in her mouth. 

Lorrie laughed and grabbed Kate's hips, her tongue zeroing in on her upturned ass. Now it was Kate's turn to groan as Lorrie's long slender tongue speared into her pussy. She moved her knees wider apart and lowered her head to rest it on Lena's calves.

Allie grinned and walked over to sit straddling Lena's thighs, her legs spread wide, and her sex right in front of her girlfriend's face. "Since Lena's obviously not interested, take your frustration out on this," She said as she moved forward. Allie lifted her hips slightly to rub her wet sex all over Kate's face.

Being between Lorrie's tongue and Allie's sweet pussy had Kate withering and moaning in no time flat. Being bitchy and whinny may have been part of her make up but once she was turned on, she had a ravenous appetite for sex. She got wild and very aggressive toward other women and right now that woman was the pussy riding her face.

A loud yell from George and a deep groan from Lena marked George's climax. His hips were bucking and he was trying to stuff his dick down her throat, which only made Lena come all the harder and to suck even more greedily. Lena had an oral fixation of her own, that most didn't realize, but George had figured it out a long time ago.

With all the hot sex going on in front of him, Jack's dick was well on the way to being hard as nails again. He took a long slow stroke in Lorrie's sopping wet pussy and sighed, as she pushed back against him at the bottom of the stroke. Her pussy might be small and tight but it took all of him with ease, something that most women found hard to do.

The fuck, suck, and lick fest was now in full swing with all members well lubed and accounted for. 

*****

Kate was well into her forth or fifth orgasm and Allie wasn't far behind, especially since Lena had sat up and was playing with her breasts so nicely. Lena's nibbling on her neck had her shivering on the verge of another orgasm as Lorrie gave out with a muffled yell and lifted her head. 

Jack's dick was driving into her at a frantic rate and she was about to explode. Jack wasn't far behind and when he did, they both let out loud yells. Their hips pausing and then making sharp short jerking motions that made their orgasms arch that much higher. They fell over on their sides in the spoon position and stayed that way.

Kate was still on her knees with her ass lifted and her face was plastered to Allie's pussy. Allie was coming her brains out from the sights and sounds of Lorrie and Jack, plus the tongue on her clit and the hands on her boobs. She had twisted enough so she could kiss Lena.

A moment later, there was a loud yell from Kate. Allie's head snapped around to see George on his back with his face buried in Kate's pussy. George's tongue wasn't long but it was thick, wide, and strong. He had eaten Allie out several times after Kate and Lorrie had had enough. He was good at it and that tongue of his felt oh so good.

It wasn't long before Kate abandoned Allie and was sitting up, rubbing her pussy against George's face. She was yelling out another sharp, long drawn out orgasm. Lena kissed Allie's neck and shifted her body. 

"I need to get up," Leans whispered in Allie's ear. Allie rose up to her knees and Lena got out from under her.

Lena kissed Allie's neck again and whispered, "I see a seat that's not taken, and I have this empty spot that needs filling."

Allie chuckled as Lena knee walked around to straddle George's hips. His fat thick dick was hard and Lena was going to get her some. Lena lifted it up and rubbed the head along her slit and over her wet opening. Once the head was slippery with her juices, she lined it up on her vagina and slowly lowered her hips.

Her eyes got wide and her lips formed a silent O as the huge head forced it's way inside. She held still a moment and then added weight to their connection. She groaned loudly and her eyes closed as more of the thick shaft filled her. When it wouldn't go in anymore, she lifted her hips until just the head was still inside.

When she lowered her hips again, she could feel her clit being trapped and sliding against his hot shaft. She shivered and moaned loudly. As her movement stopped just short of his thighs, she quickly rose up and then sat down hard. She was coming like mad before her ass met his thighs. George gave out with a loud groan of his own that was muffled drastically by Kate's pussy.

Kate yelled and grabbed a handful of George's long hair, her hips going wild as she came again. Allie grinned and watched her girlfriend closely. She wondered when Kate was going to realize whose face she was riding and what the result would be.

Lena sat on George's dick, her hips jerking and twitching, her breath coming in loud sobbing gulps. Every time she impaled herself like that, it almost killed her with the intensity of her orgasm. She gave her body a second to rest and her pussy a moment to adjust and then she was fucking herself on George in full strokes that had her coming and coming and coming. 

Allie watched Lena for a second and marveled at the fact that George's fat dick would even fit inside her. From the look on her face, Lena was coming like crazy. Allie wondered what that dick would feel like in her own pussy. A shiver ran up and down her spine.

Kate was suddenly yelling like there was no tomorrow again as she reached another peak and then she slowly fell forward into Allie's arms. Allie grinned, rolled her girlfriend off to the side, and kissed her lips softly. Kate mumbled incoherently and then sighed. She was out like a light.

Allie smiled and then let out a sigh of her own. When she looked back at George and Lena, Lena was sitting still except for the shiver and quake of her hips. Her eyes were closed and her mouth was open as she breathed hard and raggedly. Her hands were on her breasts and she was rolling and pinching her nipples hard.

George had his hands on Lena's hips and his breathing was short and fast. Allie moved over to straddle George's head. She leaned over to kiss Lena as she lowered her pussy to George's mouth. That thick hot tongue of his speared deep into her tight pussy and she came immediately, her hips jerking and continuing to fuck herself on it. 

Her hands replaced Lena's on Lena's breasts and she felt Lena's hands grabbing hers. She moaned loudly into Lena's mouth and continued to come. George now had a hold on her hips and was tongue fucking her like mad. Again the thought of his fat dick in her pussy flashed across Allie's mind and her orgasm shot up in intensity.

*****

Allie didn't remember getting off George's face or curling up with Lena, but that's how she woke up. Lorrie's head was again between Lena's wide spread thighs and Jack was sitting at the end of the bed leaning back against the footboard. His big dick was hard and standing up against his lower belly as he watched Lorrie eat out her sister.

With a sigh and then a sharp groan, Allie sat up. She was sore in muscles that she didn't know she had earlier. That was the one thing about these weekly sessions that got to her. She exercised regularly but she still found muscles that needed more work. Sex was great exercise as well as being very pleasurable.

Jack's hand went to his dick and he stroked it slowly as he grinned at Allie. Allie smiled back at him and shook her head. He shrugged and turned his eyes back to Lorrie. Allie's gaze followed his. She wondered if George had climaxed in Lena and if so, was Lorrie licking it out. The thought would have grossed Kate out but it intrigued Allie.

Allie remembered a lot about what sex with a man was like. She had loved the feel of a hot dick sliding up into her and the taste of a dick in her mouth. She had loved the hot spray of cum in her pussy and the hot salty taste in her mouth. What went along with it was what had turned her off.

She had loved the really nice guy she married but soon afterwards it all changed. He became possessive, jealous, and cruel. He beat her, raped her, tortured her, and then, at the end, he had had a bunch of his buddies over to gangbang her. Afterwards, he had beaten her nearly to death calling her a slut, a whore, and a tramp.

By the time she got out of the hospital, he had filed for divorce and left the state taking everything they owned with him. She filed charges but his friends from the gangbang had given him an airtight alibi and the cops had nothing to do but drop the case.

That had been ten years ago when she was only twenty. With nowhere to go and no money she had ended up in a woman's shelter. She had had an affair with her roommate there and that had given her some confidence and some sexual relief away from men. She had moved on with a good job and slowly built her life back, but she still sought out women for sex and comfort.

Allie's eyes wandered over to Kate who was curled up on the far side of the big bed. She was a good girlfriend but she was getting awfully possessive and a general pain in the neck. Her hatred of men was a little too much, most of the time. Allie didn't hate men, she was afraid of them. Her husband had scared and scarred her for life.

That didn't mean that she didn't think about them, she just didn't act on it. Her eyes moved to George, who was sprawled out flat on his back. His short thick dick was hard and laying on his lower belly. His face was a mess she realized with a smile. She wondered how much of it was hers and how much was Kate's.

Her eyes moved back to his dick and she shivered as mental pictures of it disappearing into Lena flashed across her mind. Allie had been fucked with dildos and more than one strap-on over the years but there had always been something missing. It was the heat and the throb of a pulse. She shivered again.

Kate didn't own a dildo, much less a strap-on. She was a virgin and nothing bigger than a finger was ever used in lovemaking. Allie missed that full feeling and began fantasizing about being filled like she had never been before. The thought of that hot fat dick sliding slowly into her pussy made her whimper softly.

When she did, George looked up at her. "Are you alright?" He asked softly.

Allie nodded and quickly turned her gaze to Lorrie and her sister. Lena was moaning softly and flexing her hips as Lorrie's mouth and tongue worked at her sex. Again Allie wondered if George had cum inside Lena as her eyes went to Lorrie's upturned butt. She knew Jack had filled Lorrie at least twice.
