 Fuck Club members:
Ian, 43
Charlotte, 47
Nick, 18
Ray, 52
Rukhsana, 22
Pete, 33
Sheila, 42

"I call this meeting of Fuck Club to order. Where's Nick, by the way?"

"He's upstairs, having a shower. He's come straight from work," Charlotte, explained.

"Okay," Ray said. He was stood in front of the fireplace, hands in pockets, looking out at his guests. 

"You all know the rules, I know. But, we have a newbie with us today, so this is for her benefit," he continued, indicating Rukhsana,a beautiful, tiny girl of Indian descent.

"So, in brief, Rukhsana, everybody is up for grabs. If you see a cock, by all means sit down on it, or put it in your mouth or, if you're inclined, give it a vigorous wank."

Rukhsana's eyes widened and her breathing became somewhat ragged.

"If you see a cunt, feel free to stick your tongue into it or give it a good fingering. Or, if it's Sheila's, ram your fist up it. She loves that."

Sheila grinned hugely. "I do, I do."

Rukhsana moaned involuntarily and crossed her legs, squeezing her thighs together, and smiled shyly at Sheila who was sat next to her.

"Oh, and when a newbie joins, they get the first load of cum from everyone. So, Rukhsana, you can look forward to having 4 loads wherever you want them. Cunt, arse, face, tits. You name it. Generally, most opt for the face so that everyone else gets a chance to lick it all off."

"Oh Jesus!" Rukhsana gasped, pushing her hand into her crotch. She'd been told about Fuck Club during a spontaneous fingering session with Sheila in the Ladies while at work the previous week. She couldn't explain why, given the age and racial difference, but she'd felt an enormous attraction towards her and had been eyeing her up for several weeks prior to the toilet encounter. She simply wanted to lick every part of her voluptuous body. Sheila, being a perceptive type of person, had sensed Rukhsana's attraction to her and had wasted no time taking advantage when she'd walked into the Ladies, a few minutes after having seen Rukhsana enter, and had heard a low moaning coming from one of the stalls. Sheila had chosen to wear a tight white low-cut blouse that day. Because she was horny for twenty four hours a day, her nipples were in a constant state of arousal. The sight of her nipples and cleavage meant that Rukhsana had had to go to the Ladies for a surreptitious wank and Sheila had found her. Not that she was complaining.

Sheila reached across and began to stroke Rukhsana's left tit, the nipple of which was threatening to burst through her t shirt. During the first toilet session, they'd brought each other to quiet climaxes, having been interrupted three times by selfish twats needing to use the Ladies, and she had been longing for a full-on proper session with her. They hadn't had a chance up to now, apart from a couple more quick snogging and fingering sessions in the Ladies.

Rukhsana stood up and removed her t shirt to reveal a braless pair of pert 34B tits, the dark nipples of which were poking out nearly an inch. "Enough talk, will someone please fuck me?"

Nick chose that moment to walk into the living room. Everyone burst into laughter at the fact, not so much that he was stark naked, but that he had a bright-red ribbon tied around the base of his cock.

"What the fuck?" Ian exclaimed.

"Present for the newbie," Nick replied, moving his hips around and causing his cock to swing around like a thing possessed.

Rukhsana approached him with wide eyes. " Is that all for little old me?" she asked, fluttering her eyelashes.

"Certainly is," Nick replied.

"Well, I'd better unwrap it then." With that, Rukhsana sank to her knees in front of Nick and reached out for the ribbon. She pulled the bow apart and it fell onto the carpet. She then wrapped her tiny left hand almost around his cock and pulled the foreskin back from the head. Her tongue darted forward to lick at his helmet for a few seconds, before taking the whole head into her mouth then starting to gently suck. She took more of his cock into her mouth and slowly moved forward until her nose was pressed against Nick's pubic hair.

Nick threw his head back in ecstasy at the feelings pulsing through his cock.

Meanwhile, everybody had gathered around to watch and burst into applause as Rukhsana's nose reached Nick's pubes. Rukhsana pulled back, allowing Nick's cock to fall from her mouth, glistening with her spittle. 

"That was fucking amazing," said Pete, who had his hand on Charlotte's arse and was rubbing vigorously. His pants were bulging at the front and a small stain was spreading from the point where his cock was thrusting against the cloth. Charlotte reached down and ran her hand across the bulge, causing Pete to moan.

Rukhsana shuffle over to Pete and unfastened his pants and pulled them down. His 6 inch cock sprang up, a bead of pre-cum flying from the tip. Rukhsana darted forward to lick the nectar off before repeating what she had just done to Nick, prompting another round of applause from everyone.

"Think we're onto a winner here guys," Ray said, then started to undress.

Everyone followed suit and within a few seconds everyone was naked, apart from Charlotte who always insisted on wearing stockings and suspenders. She always needed to buy a new pair of stockings after every Fuck Club meeting as they ended up in a right state.

Rukhsana's eyes widened at the size of Ian's cock, by far the biggest in the room. Salivating wildly, she took it into her mouth, and everyone was stunned to see her take the full 9 inches. For such a tiny girl, little more than five feet two, she had an extraordinary cock-swallowing ability. It must be almost reaching her lungs!

Not wanting to be left out, Ray was next up and wasted no time in inserting his 7 inches into Rukhsana's mouth and right to the back of her throat. Once again, Rukhsana was able to easily accommodate the mouthful and was rewarded with a final round of applause once she had released Ray's cock.

"Let's take this upstairs, " Ian said. " I wanna see if I can get my cock as deep into her cunt as I can into her mouth."

The group made their way upstairs to the main bedroom with its enormous bed.

Rukhsana was first onto the bed and lay down in the middle, legs spread, fingers toying with her cunt and clit. Pete was on next and had his head straight between her legs, tongue out and as far up her cunt as he could get it.

Nick and Ian knelt either side of her head and offered their cocks to her. She took one in each hand and rubbed the heads together, smearing pre-cum between them, then alternated between sucking first one then the other. Ian and Nick mauled at her tits, pulling on the nipples so that they stood out proud and engorged. While Rukhsana was sucking Ian's cock, he would reach out to grasp Nick's, running his fingers around the head to gather up the pre-cum, which he the offered to Nick's mouth. Nick would then return the compliment when his cock was being sucked.

Sheila was sat on the side of the bed with Ray stood in front of her, feeding his cock into her mouth and reaching down to fondle her tits and nipples. He held the back of her head while he moved his cock in and out.

Finally, Charlotte was behind Pete, who had raised himself onto his knees, arse up in the air to allow Charlotte to tongue his arsehole and reach under him to wank his cock. At the same time, she had her hand between her legs, three fingers thrusting in and out of her cunt.

Before too long, the guys were all approaching the point of orgasm, so broke off from what they were doing and gathered around Rukhsana.

"Okay, sweetie, where do you want it," Nick asked, slowly stroking his cock a couple of inches from her face.

"Mouth, mouth, mouth, mouth," she gasped.

The guys moved closer so that all four cocks were directly over her mouth, some of them rubbing together they were so close. They all started wanking vigorously, arms around each other to provide support. From time to time, Rukhsana would poke her tongue out to lick whichever was the closest.

Sheila had taken the opportunity to attack Rukhsana's cunt, shoving two fingers up her and licking her clit. Charlotte was running her hands between the guys' legs, massaging balls and occasionally taking over wanking duties.

Ray started breathing heavily, indicting that he was about to come. The other three speeded up their wanking to try to make it so they all came at about the same time. Ian reached under Ray and started to massage his balls. That was enough for Ray as his cock pulsed and shot out a huge wad of cum directly into Rukhsana's mouth. Further spurts followed, some going in her mouth, others hitting her face. This prompted Nick to follow suit and he fired into her mouth. Rukhsana savoured the musky taste, rolling the cum around her mouth, but not swallowing just yet.

She was having a bit of difficulty keeping all the cum in her mouth, so she shuffled backwards until she was propped up against the headboard and sat with her legs splayed apart, Sheila's tongue still attached limpet-like to her cunt, mouth open awaiting the next load.

Ian was next. He moved back slightly and unloaded mostly into her mouth, but a few spurts missed and covered her face. By now, her mouth was so full of cum she was struggling to keep it all in her mouth, even sitting upright. A fair quantity leaked out of her mouth and dribbled down her chin and onto her tits. Ray quickly ducked in and sucked and licked it off. 

Before Ian had quite finished, Pete moved in next to him and fired his load, causing more overspill which Ray once again hungrily lapped up.

The boys withdrew and the girls took over. Sheila kissed Rukhsana hungrily, sucking large amounts of cum out of Rukhsana's mouth. Charlotte licked up the cum dribbling down Rukhsana's face. Occasionally, Sheila would pull off of Rukhsana and give Charlotte a big sloppy cum-kiss, passing wads of cum to her. Charlotte then took over from Sheila and stuck her tongue in Rukhsana's mouth, drawing out the ball juice then spitting it back in.

Sheila lay on her back and Rukhsana bent over her and opened her mouth to allow a cascade of cum to pour out all over Sheila's face. Charlotte moaned in ecstasy and started to lick the cum from Sheila's face. 

All three ladies ended up with mouths full of cum and cum-smeared faces. Ian bent down to Rukhsana and kissed her, receiving a glorious amount of cum. Nick did the same with Sheila, while Ray, Pete and Charlotte engaged in a three-way cum kiss.

Of the girls, only Rukhsana, so far, had had a climax. Mainly thanks to Sheila's fantastic tongue.

While the guys lounged around the bedroom, Sheila and Charlotte got themselves into a 69 and went to town on each others cunts. Now and again, one of the guys, or Rukhsana, would reach out with a helping hand or tongue.

Several orgasms later, the guys had recovered and were sporting erections in various states of intensity. Pete, in particular, was sporting a full-on throbbing blue-veiner. Ian was lying nearest to him, so reached out and ran a palm across the glans, smearing pre-cum onto his hand, which he transferred to Pete's shaft, then started a gentle wanking motion. He didn't want Pete going off too soon. Rukhsana leant over and started to run her tongue around the head, before taking it into her mouth. She was on her knees, bent over, presenting her pert arse to anyone who wanted a fondle.

Charlotte did just that, running her hands around the cheeks before moving lower and opening her cunt lips with her left hand, then penetrating her with two fingers of her right. Before long, she added her tongue to the party, causing Rukhsana to gasp around Pete's cock head.

.

Ray and Nick jumped on Sheila, pushing her onto her back and, while Ray lapped at her cunt with his tongue, Nick straddled her generous chest and proceeded to give her a tit-fuck. 

Rukhsana was now feeling the need for some cock inside her. And what better way to start than with Ian's 9 inches. Ian let go of Pete's cock and lay on his back, holding his own cock upright. Clambering up his body, Rukhsana crouched over his cock. Ian ran it back and forth over her cunt lips a few times, then slammed it all the way up.

Rukhsana literally screamed in pleasure, grabbing hold of her tits and tweaking her nipples, then started bouncing up and down on Ian's magnificent cock. His upward thrusts met her downward thrusts as he stretched her cunt almost as far as it could go.

Charlotte got behind Rukhsana and put her arms around her, lifting her up and holding her while Ian thrust up into her. She took the opportunity to grab Rukhsana's tits and give then a good squeeze, stimulating the already erect nipples as she did so. Licking a finger, she reached down to run it over Rukhsana's clit, giving her an instant orgasm which coated Ian's cock with her cunt juice. Standing up and straddling Ian's head so that her cunt was in front of Rukhsana, she mashed it into Rukhsana's face. Rukhsana thrust her tongue into Charlotte's cunt, then started on her clit. This caused an intense orgasm which flooded Rukhsana's face with Charlotte's cum. Charlotte couldn't remain standing after that and fell sideways onto the bed.

Rukhsana bent down to Ian so that they could kiss, tongues thrusting and swirling against each others. Pete decided to get in on the action by placing his cock where the two mouths met. Ian and Rukhsana welcomed the intrusion and slathered Pete's cock with their tongues, licking off the pre-cum and sharing it between them.

Ray still had his head between Sheila's legs, licking her slit then strumming her clit, while Nick had moved up from Sheila's tits to her mouth and was face-fucking her vigorously, his head now only a few inches from where Ian's cock was pounding into Rukhsana. Cheekily, he pulled Ian's cock out and plunged his mouth down on it.

Rukhsana looked back at him, somewhat miffed at the loss, but when Pete grabbed her hips, swung her around and plunged his cock into her from behind, she was happy once more.

Charlotte had been laying on the bed, watching the action and ramming three fingers up her cunt. Now that Ian's mouth was free, she straddled his head and sat down on his face. Lying forward, she joined Nick in sucking Ian's cock. They licked either side of his shaft, moving up until they reached the head where their tongues would meet and writhe together.

All this attention was too much for Ian and, without warning, the head of his cock bulged and a fountain of cum shot out six inches in the air before it spattered down on their faces. More pulses followed, all eagerly swallowed by the two mouths. Nick milked Ian's cock as the last of the cum oozed out and started to slide down his shaft. It didn't slide very far before it was lapped up by Nick and Charlotte and shared between them.

Pete was ready to shoot so asked Rukhsana where she wanted it.

"In my cunt," she gasped.

Always eager to please, Pete acceded to her wishes and, with a mighty final thrust, unleashed a torrent of cum into her. He threw his head back, gasping, as his cock pulsed and flooded her. Eventually, the spasms ceased and he pulled his cock free, glistening with his cum and Rukhsana's juices. Rukhsana spun around and engulfed his cock with her mouth, licking up the mixture of cum and cunt juice. This meant that she was presenting her cum-filled cunt to Charlotte, who wasted no time in prising her lips apart and latching on to her, sucking the creamy goodness out.

When Charlotte had emptied Rukhsana's cunt, Nick grabbed the back of her neck and forced his tongue into her mouth, where they passed the cum between them. He was still ploughing his cock into Sheila's mouth while this was going on and felt himself on the verge of cumming. He withdrew from Sheila's mouth, saliva-glistening cock throbbing, and slid down her sweat-slick body so that he could kiss her and pass her some of Pete's cum.

Ray was still busy between Sheila's legs, having given her several orgasms. Her cunt was slick with his spit and her juices. Grasping his cock, he slid it over Sheila's cunt lips several times then entered her and began pounding away. Nick had moved to the side and presented his cock to Sheila's mouth. She engulfed it and started to suck. Ray's mouth joined hers and together they licked up and down the shaft.

Nick simply couldn't last very long at all and within a few seconds his cock started to spurt. Ray and Sheila laved up the cum and swapped it between themselves, savouring the delicious taste. Nick pulled away once he had finished and joined his mouth to theirs to get a taste of himself.

Ray was the only one who hadn't cum for a second time and everyone gathered round to watch him as he continued to plough into Sheila, sweat pouring off of him and mixing with Sheila's. On the point of orgasm, he pulled out of Sheila and straddled her chest, throbbing cock twitching. 

"Someone want to finish me off?" he asked.

Ian obliged and got behind Ray, his semi-erect cock nestling comfortably between Ray's arse cheeks. He reached around and took hold of Ray's slick cock. He ran his palm down the top of the shaft, from the base, pressing down as he did so. When he got to the end he let go and Ray's cock flipped up, beads of pre-cum flying from the tip. Ian rubbed the head, smearing pre-cum then moved his hand, this time gripping lightly, back down the shaft. He repeated this a number of times, by which time Ray's cock was diamond-hard, veins standing out, and throbbing. Ian took pity on Ray then and started wanking him energetically. It only took half a dozen strokes before Ray unleashed a cascade of cum over Sheila's face and into her mouth. Before he had even finished, several of the group moved in and started to lick the cum from her face, receiving the remaining pulses over their own faces as they did so. Ian continued to wank Ray's cock until the convulsions stopped. He gathered the remaining cum onto his hand and brought it up to Ray's mouth. Ray licked the cum off gleefully. The rest of the group were busy kissing each other and passing the cum between them.

For the moment, everyone was sated, so, after lounging around on the bed for a few minutes they went downstairs and helped themselves to the drinks and snacks that Ray had laid out before they'd all arrived. 

Rukhsana found herself looking at Sheila's gloriously naked body. Her big 40 inch tits, with the nipples poking out, down her slightly rounded belly, to her shaven cunt, still glistening with moisture. For someone over forty she looked fucking fantastic. She felt her own juices starting to flow and knew she just had to get her hands, and mouth, on that body.

Approaching Sheila, she took her by the hand and said, "Let's take a shower together."

Sheila's eyes lit up. "I'd love to," she replied.

Hand in hand they went upstairs and into the main bathroom. They entered the massive shower cubicle, easily big enough for four people, and marvelled at the complicated shower mechanism. After a bit of trial and error, they managed to get the shower working. There must have been about ten nozzles firing water at various heights. Sheila was delighted to find that one of them sent a jet of water directly at her cunt. She stood holding her cunt lips open for a while in front of the stream, occasionally dipping down slightly so that the water blasted onto her clit.

Rukhsana embraced Sheila from behind and started to massage her beautiful tits, squeezing them and pulling at the nipples. Sheila turned around in Rukhsana's arms and bent her head down to kiss her. Their tongues moved greedily in each others mouths. Sheila reached down to grasp and massage Rukhsana's pert bum. Rukhsana returned the compliment on Sheila's bigger, but no less delightful bum.
