 Alexia and I have been living together as roommates for a while now. Not only are we roommates, we are best friends and have been lovers since the third week, when we moved in together. Alexia, however, has a boyfriend, Roy, who doesn't know about she and I being lovers. It's quite exciting. I can remember one time when she and I went to the bathroom in the middle of the night and had a munchin' fest on each other. Just as we walked out of the bathroom, her boyfriend, who had been asleep, came to the bathroom shaking his head and said, "Girls really do go to the bathroom in packs, even at home." He never suspected a thing. I didn't care if he found out. Maybe he could learn from me on how to please a woman. Alexia, is afraid for him to know for fear of condemnation, for Roy comes from a very conservative background. 

Alexia had already gone to work. I was sipping my coffee when Roy woke up. I was lounging in my bra and panties as usual. Roy came in scratching his balls. 

"Hey, Ann, could you give Alexia a message for me?"

I nodded my head.

"Tell her I've changed my mind about coming over tonight. Tell her I'll be here around 9:30."

"Sure thing, Roy"

I got up to put my mug in the sink, when I dropped my napkin. I bent over right in front of Roy. I heard him let out a moan, behind me.

"Dammit, Ann, I wish you wouldn't do that!"

"Why not?" I giggled, shaking my ass at him.

"I may love Alexia, but man, with an ass like yours it's hard...well, I'm just fucking hard now! See what you've done?!"

I turned around and I seen that indeed his 8 inch cock was fully hard and made a tent in his sweats. Roy was a very good looking guy. And I did like guys as well as women. I wonder what it would be like to fuck him? What would it be like to fuck both he and Alexia at the same time? I could feel myself getting wet. My dirty little mind started scheming. 

I placed my mug in the sink and hopped up on the island in the middle of the kitchen. I spread my legs wide, facing Roy. Roy looked pleasantly surprised. I looked straight into his eyes and moved the crotch of my wet panties aside for him to see my sweetness. His eyes became heavy and he let out a whimper. 

"Why are you doing this to me, Ann?!"

With innocent, wide eyes I said, "What are you talking about? When I have an itch I scratch it."

I then started to rub my swollen clit. I never took my eyes off of Roy. I pleasured myself for a few minutes. The sweet honey was just oozing from my honey pot. Roy started rubbing his tent feverishly. 

"Take it out I want to see it." I commanded. 

He pulled his sweats down to his ankles and sat down in a chair facing me. He started sliding his hand up and down his large manhood. Without taking my eyes off of his cock I started fingering myself. I brought Roy to the brink of climax, then stopped. I hopped down and headed towards my bedroom. 

"Hey! What the fuck are you doing?" Roy yelled after me.

"Whatever I want!" I yelled back.

I could hear him stomp after me. With his still hard cock hanging out of his pants he grabbed my arm and swung me around.

"Listen here, Ann. You have stuck your ass in my face one too many times. You can't go fucking with a man like this."

With defiant eyes I said, "I'll fuck with whoever I want, when I want."

"What if then I just TAKE what I want from you, Ann?"

"Take what you want from me tonight."

He looked totally confused.

"Oh, I forgot to tell you. Alexia has to work overtime tonight. She won't be home until 11 or 11:30. Why don't you come over around 8 and you can have all you want before she comes home?"

He looked very pleased with what I proposed.

"Now Roy put that thing back in your pants before you catch cold. I have to get ready for work." 

I went to my bedroom and closed the door and anticipated my next move in my glorious scheme.

I got home that evening around 5. Alexia was already home just like I knew she would. She looked as though she had just gotten out of the shower. She smelled like lavender and roses. Her face was glowing. Her dark brown hair was still damp. Alexia is short and petite as I am. She was lounging in a flannel shirt and I could barely see her snatch and seen that she wasn't wearing any panties. 

"I'm getting a long shower, Alexia. Is Roy coming over tonight?"

"No he has plans."

"Good because I'm in the mood to have something sweet for dinner." I raised my eyebrows suggestively.

Alexia started giggling. "Good! Me too. I have a big appetite tonight."

When I got out of the shower. I smelled scented candles burning. I walked into my bedroom to see Alexia sprawled out across my bed. Pounding rock music was on. The candle light was so soothing. I could tell she was feeling wild tonight. It's going to be a real kinky night. It's all playing right into my scheme.

I laid down beside her and started scratching my long nails down her belly. She started to shudder in delight.

"I want it rough tonight, please, Ann?!"

I pinched her nipple firmly. "Tell me how much you want me."

"Please, Ann, please fuck me rough and hard, please...." she begged.

I got on top of her and started kissing her furiously. I stuck my tongue deep into her mouth. I then looked deep into her eyes and seen the urgency in her expression. That's when I noticed that she had gotten out my "toys" and placed them beside us on the king size bed.

I reached over and got out the long whip.

"Get down there and eat me!" I commanded. I propped myself up against a mound of pillows and spread my legs wide. Alexia crawled down between my legs and stated probing her tongue between the folds of my pussy. Her ass was stuck straight up in the air. I heard her whisper softly but urgently, "Spank me."

My whip was just long enough so that when I flicked it, it struck her ass dead on. She jumped and moaned into my pussy. I flicked it again. She moaned louder and stuck her face deeper into my cunt. I flicked it a little harder this time. That time it really stung, because she let out a whimper that time. With my other hand I grabbed a large fist full of that rich dark brown hair and yanked her head up. Her mouth was lathered with my cum.

"You are going to do exactly as I say, bitch!"

With her eyes wild with excitement she whispered, "yes, master, I will do what you will."

I then pushed her face back down on me and swatted her ass once more. Oh I may have been the dominatrix this time but let me tell you she whipped my clit into submission very easily.

I then took my leg and knocked her away from me. I got out my strap on dildo and put it on. Alexia had rolled onto her belly and was rocking her pelvis in anticipation. Once I had my 9 inch dildo in place I reached into my bag of toys and brought out 4 sets of handcuffs. I yanked her left arm and shackled it to the bed post. I yanked the other arm and she let out a whimper. I shackled it as well, to the other bed post. I looked over at the bedside clock to see that it was 7:57. I started shaking with anticipation of what was about to happen. I quickly shackled both of her ankles to the bottom of the bed. Then I proceeded to whip her some more. Alexia, started screaming by this time. I put my hand between her legs and felt that she was soaked. I stuck one finger in her ass. She tightened at first and then quickly relaxed. 

Just then I heard the front door open and I rammed my finger deeper into Alexia's ass. She started screaming. I heard Roy's voice yell over top the pounding music, "Damn, that must be some porno you're watching, Ann!"

Alexia, yelled, "OH SHIT!"

Hear I was on my knees with a strap on, on, Alexia shackled to the bed, with my finger up her ass.

"What in the hell!" cried Roy.

"I... I... I can explain Roy." Alexia stammered. 

I quickly grabbed a rag for a gag and gagged up Alexia.

"I'll explain everything, dear." I said.

"Alexia, I'm sorry, but I told Roy about us, behind your back. And it wasn't as you predicted. Roy is actually excited and wanted to surprise you tonight. Right, Roy?" I smiled at him.

"Hell, yes!! Let's get this party started." Roy started tearing away at his clothes. 

I started whipping Alexia's ass again. It took her a while to get back into the mood, but Of course I coaxed her. 

Roy was on the bed now with us. His cock was very hard. He started fingering Alexia's ass. She started rocking back onto his hand. He then slapped her ass and let out this war whoop. 

"Suck my dick, Alexia." Roy get his dick right in her face. He took the gag out of her mouth and rammed his dick deep in her mouth, almost gagging her. I took my whip and whipped that ass of hers three times fast and hard and yell, "Suck that dick, you dirty little bitch!"

I mounted her from behind. I stuck it deep into her cunt. I could see her tense up to at first and she soon relaxed into a rhythm. Roy was fucking her face real good as I pounded her cunt. Roy grabbed a handful of Alexia's hair and pushed her further down. "Damn I want to cum!"

I quickly flicked my whip and lightly got his arm and said, "Not yet, you need to come back here."

He looked up at me in surprise and then realized what I wanted. 

"Ann, fuck my ass!" Alexia said as Roy took his dick out of her mouth.

I started rubbing her ass hole lubing it up with her own cum. Roy got behind me and entered my cunt just as I pulled out of Alexia's and entered her ass. 

"OH MY FUCKIN' GOD!" Roy yelled. "Damn you feel good, Ann! You like your ass being fucked, there darlin'?" 

"Hell, yes she does," I answered for Alexia. "Don't ya, Alexia? You are just a dirty little bitch." I slammed her real hard that time.

"Fuck yes!!" she yelled. As Roy rammed me harder I rammed Alexia harder as well. Soon we were all climaxing at the same time. I yanked on Alexia's hair just as Roy filled my cunt to overflowing. Alexia was straining against her restraints. Her ass was blood red from me whipping her and the restraints looked as though they were cutting into her. We all let out a simultaneous scream of ecstasy and we collapsed. We left Alexia just as she was and she didn't complain. We fucked her all that night. This was the beginning of a wonderfully twisted friendship.