 Maria is a slut, she knows this, and she never hid that fact. For thirteen years she has been shackled in a loveless relationship. Perhaps loveless is not the word. Perhaps the correct description is lust-less. Her ex-husband at first did care for her, at first, he would buy her chocolates on holidays, and talk to her sweetly, call her things like “baby” or “sweetheart”, but he never gave her what she truly needed. To be used, to be fucked, to be called “slut”, “whore”, or “cocksucker”, strange as it seems these things turned Maria on. She would beg him to do things like choke her, fuck her face, or pound her ass, but he never agreed saying that he did not want to demean her. After time he resented her, he wouldn't even touch her. This led to their divorce. 

So now Maria kneels, three weeks after her divorce, surrounded by five of her ex husbands coworkers. Her green eyes scanning the room as the men encircle her. Her 34 D breasts proudly pushed out. Her back arched, showing of her tits and her thick milf ass. 

“Are you men ready to use your slut?” The milf goddess asks the room. The men nod, their eyes fixed on the woman who kneels surrounded by all the well-endowed men. One particularly aggressive man, Charles, a 6'2 black man whose cock stands erect, moves forward and grabs Maria by the back of the head. She opens her mouth wide, taking him in. 

“Take this fucking cock bitch.” He orders, watching as her lips clamp around his massive 9" cock. She swirls her tongue in a clockwise movement. Her eyes looking up into his. She feels two other cocks, Andrew a younger college intern at the age of 22. And Lewis, a 43 year old and her ex-husbands best friend of 29 years, push against her face. Maria reaches up grabbing both men's stiff dicks and strokes slowly. She pumps back and forth, her big tits bouncing as her hands slightly roll as she strokes. Her tongue flicks on Charles cock expertly as she bobs her head back and forth, finding a rhythm, from mid-way down his cock to his head. Her eyes fixed on his like the perfect obedient slut. Matthew, a 38 year old man looks on, turning on his video camera and begins to roll film, walking to the sluts face, and focusing on the cock that is moving back and forth. 

“Fuck this bitch sucks cock so well! You take this cock whore.” Charles moans out in pleasure. He pushes Maria's head flat to his pelvis. She takes his entire cock deep, showing the expert cock sucker she is. His cock pushed against the back of her throat, she gags but dares not to release. Her hands stroking the two men's hard stiff cocks faster now. Her big tits bouncing. Jerry, a 51-year-old man who's only cock is not being occupied walks behind her and kisses on her neck. His hands cup her breasts, and roughly slap them. 

“She looks like such a fucking whore. And this whore needs a cock in her.” He says loud enough for the camera to catch. She nods, slobbering on Charles meat stick. The slight movement tickling the back of her throat, making her gag once more. Her face turning red, and her eyes tearing up. The feeling of Jerry's hands rubbing firmly on her pussy making her moan loudly around the cock that is wedged in her mouth. The moans send vibrations down his dick. The vibrations make Charles moan loudly. He releases her from his grasp allowing her the privilege of breath. A long trail of spit connecting her lips to his cock. She coughs, and gasps for breath. Jerry pushing her down onto her knees. Her ass high in the air proudly. Charles slaps his cock on the sluts face. Matthew zooms in on her face, red and exhausted until she looks up at the camera, smirks, winks, and blows a kiss.

“Fuck this whore is loving it... You look so sexy bitch.” Matthew says from behind the camera, as he pans down her body to her ass. He gets a close up of her pussy, and slides two fingers into her shaven milf cunt. She moans out in pleasure tossing her head back. Matthew steps back showing Lewis sliding underneath the cock addicted goddess. “You take this whores pussy Lou?” Jerry asks spanking her thick ass, shaking it and leaving a red hand print. 

“Fuck yes. Are you ready slut?” Louis as teasingly rubbing his thick cock on her wet cunt. “I know you are, you live for this don't you?” He asks spanking her other ass cheek. 

“Yes sir, use me. I'm all of yours to use however you desire. Mmmm fuck... I love being surrounded by these big cocks.” Maria moans out. Louis stabs her with his hard rod. She yelps in pleasure which is immediately silenced by Andrews cock penetrating her mouth. “Oh fuck! You were right, this bitch is trained to suck.” Andrew moans out, as he thrusts back and forth fucking her skilled mouth. Her tongue twirling around rapidly around his dick. Charles slaps her cheek with his wet, premium and spit covered cock. She reaches up, leaning on her one free elbow. Louis slams his massive dick back and forth fucking her soaked cunt. She moans around Andrews dick, sending vibration after vibration around his dick. Jerry teases her tight asshole, prepping her for his cock. Lewis holds her hips as he violently thrusts back and forth drilling her, the head of his cock pushing hitting her cervix. Matthew steps back making sure to get the entire view of the slut. Her big tits swinging under her hitting Lewis in the face, both men currently using hers heads tossed back in pleasure. Jerry spanks her once more, her ass jiggling and shaking from the force of his powerful thrusts, then slams his cock into her ass, at first only able to push his cock head in, but having it quickly adjusts. Maria screams around Andrews cock, forcing him out of her mouth. 

“Holy fuck! Yes! Fuck me! Fuck your milf slut!” She screams out throwing her head back violently, her back arching, and her tits pushing into Lewis face. Her tight asshole adjusting to Jerry's cock as he begins pumping back and forth, slow at first but then quickly gaining speed.

“Yes! Fucking take these cocks whore.” Jerry moans out in complete pleasure. His eyes rolling to the back of his head. Jerry and Lewis find a rhythm, matching each others thrusts with equal power. Maria is pushed over the edge and squirts, her pussy juices flowing from her milf cunt. Her eyes rolling to the back of her head. 

“FUCK! DON'T STOP! USE YOUR SLUT!” She yelps out in complete satisfaction. She has been in a gang bang before in college, but it was nothing compared to this. Knowing that this entire fuck session is being caught on film. Jerry and Lewis continue to pound her lovely cunt, using her aggressively. Matthew, Andrew, and Charles stand back watching in wonder at the woman in front of them. They stroke their cocks at the visual of the sensual milf before them. As her intense orgasm peaks she collapses on the table her head down, and her big tits slapping against her face. She laughs a bit between moans and gasps as the slow their thrusts. 

“Oh fuck... Ohhhh boys, now I think its time for you to cover your slut.” Maria says smiling into the camera. Her juices making a puddle on the wood floor. 

“On the table slut. I want to use that mouth again.” Charles orders pointing to the dinner table in the other room of the apartment. Maria obeys, standing, and wobbling a bit as she walks to the table. Matthew focuses the camera on her thick as that sways and even shakes as she walks. 

“Matthew, you haven't received any pleasure yet. Take your sluts cunt.” Maria says seductively. She climbs onto the table, her ass high in the air, she shakes it for the camera then spanks her red, scratched up ass, before winking at the camera. She lays her head hanging off the table. Her breasts pushed out. Matthew walks to her face, zooming in, then slowly he scrolls the camera down the gorgeous milfs body as if a before shot to the imminent after shot of Maria covered in each mans hot sticky cum. 

“You gorgeous fuck-toy.” Matthew moans spreading her legs, which she lifts high into the air and rests on his shoulders.

“Mmmm thank you sir...” Maria moans seductively. Matthew points the camera at her face and sees she is slapping Charles cock against her own face, her small hand dwarfed by his glistening big black cock. She slips her tongue between the slit of his cock-head. “The rest of you boys pick wherever you'd like your load to land. Mmmmm fuck I cant wait for all of you to cover me with your hot cum. For it to fill my used cunt. For it to slide down my slut milf throat.” She moans seductively as she opens her mouth wide.

“Fuck boys lets cover this cum-slut.” Lewis moans out stroking his cock rapidly over her left breast. 

“She is such a fucking whore. I love it.” Jerry moans out pointing his thick cock at her pretty milf face. 

“She craves cock and cum. She needs it.” Andrew moans out slapping his cock on her soft breast repeatedly toying with her erect nipple as his hand moves up and down his dick at a rapid pace. 

“Mmmmm fuck boys... Cover your slut... Mmmm those co-” she is interrupted by Charles sliding his cock down her throat as he begins fucking her face like it is a pussy. Her tongue rolling and toying around him with expertise. Matthew waits for all the men to begin using her before he turns the camera down and show him slamming his big thick cock deep into her drenched pussy. He thrusts with force giving her no time to adjust to his size. Maria moans and holds back a scream from the pleasure, sending vibrations down Charles dick. All the men surround their fuck-toy. Stroking at the sight of her being used, Andrew is the first to cum, sending strings of cum covering both her breasts. She moans in delight knowing one of the men was satisfied by her performance. The next to cum is Charles, the unexpected rush of his hot warm load flowing down her slut throat makes her pussy leak cum once more, swallowing as much as she can, what she doesn't swallow oozes out the corners of her mouth and rolls down her cheek. Charles pumps a few more times as she milks all the cum, draining his balls. He steps back watching the slut in silence, no noise but her moans and the sounds of Matthews cock pounding her. Her cum covered tits bouncing from the force. The next man to shoot his load is Jerry covering the milf sex goddess's face. 

“Ohhh fuck... You look like such a sexy slut.” He moans taking a step back and appreciating his work. Maria biting and licking her lips gets a taste of his cum mixing with Charles. 

“I am fucking loving this... Oh God...” She moans out loudly turning to look at the three men whose eyes are fixed to her. Lewis then is the next to cum, painting a fresh coat on her lovely breast and trailing the cum down to her stomach. She tosses her head back as Lewis takes his place next to the men. Matthew turns the camera back to show his dick drilling her slut pussy. The seductive sound of Maria's voice turns the camera back to look at her. 

“Cum for me baby... Please... Cum deep in your sluts pussy sir. I need it... Fill my wet milf pussy.” Maria moans, her hips rolling in a circle, milking his hard cock. Her eyes staring into Matthews, making it seem like she is talking straight into the camera, begging all those who watch this to cum in her. Her efforts are met with a volcanic like eruption of sperm gushing into her pussy, his cock pushed to her cervix.

“Ohhh fuck you dirty slut... Uh God... Fuck you fuck so good.” He moans out loudly as cum leaks from her pussy. She groans out in pleasure feeling the warmth inside of her. Matthew pulls out and steps back, zooming his camera in on the cum filled pussy. He focuses on it for a moment appreciate his own work, before showing off the other art the men made, using Maria as a canvass. As the camera gets to her cum covered face she smiles and blows a kiss to the camera. Matthew ends the video, and Maria sits up on the table. 

“Mmmmm did you boys enjoy using me?" She asks and they all nod erupting in a round of applause for her. 

“Fuck, Neal was an idiot for letting you go.” Lewis says, sweat dripping down his brow. Maria giggles and shrugs a bit, scooping the now dried cum off her tits and having a taste of the mixture.

“Now Monday, make sure you tell him what we did here, and then after work, show him, show him what he's missing.” She says with a mischievous grin. As the men help Maria clean, she replays the glorious fuck-fest in her mind and imagines her ex's reaction. She closes her eyes, a smile comes across her face because she finally feels the satisfaction she has craved for so long.