 Alice sat on the edge of her bed and waited for the knock. She wasn't exactly afraid, it wasn't fear that was making her tremble, it was more that she was anxious and wanted to get it over and done with as quickly as possible. She would do what he wanted, keep quiet, and try to smile; that's what the other girls had said when she'd told them. They had all been very excited and somehow they had excited her, made her feel like it was something glamorous, something to be proud of, and above all, something that would probably put a sovereign in her next pay. But now, sat on her small bed in her small attic room, in her Sunday dress it didn't seem like such a great idea. What if she couldn't go through with it? What if she couldn't bring herself to smile through the shame? Well it was too late now, she'd said yes, and disappointing Sir Robert at this point would surely only result in one thing; dismissal.

It wasn't that he was a mean employer, Alice had heard stories from maids in other houses of terrible Masters, and she'd thanked her lucky stars each night that she didn't work for one of those men. No, Sir Robert was kind and relatively considerate compared to most. He never had wandering hands, or forced himself on you, unlike some of the under butlers and male kitchen staff, but with them at least you could give them a firm slap around the face and Mr Monns the head butler was always on hand to defend a kitchen maid's honour. It wasn't even as though she was inexperienced. There had been many moments with lads in the village, plenty of evenings spent with her slip pulled up over her back, enjoying an intimate evening under the stars. She enjoyed that lovely feeling of being filled and taken, albeit by someone you hope will have moved to a new household within a month. A sharp but brief knock at her door interrupted her thoughts; she stood up, straightened her dress and took the two steps to the door.

"Yes?" she said, in what she hoped was a voice that did not sound expectant, but instead of a reply a note was pushed under the door. She unfolded the note and read it, carefully folded it up again and threw it onto the smouldering remains of the tiny fire in the grate. Then, shaking a little more now reached under her white dress and removed her petticoat. She waited for the distant footsteps to completely disappear before quietly leaving her room and slipping off down the maze of servant's corridors.

Alice managed to reach the main guest bedroom without passing any other staff. Although always ready to receive the odd passing member of nobility, this room was located in the east wing, all but separated from the main house, and so very few people ever had the need to visit it. Alice lifted her hand to knock on the grand, oak panelled doors but remembered the note just in time. She lowered her hand to the brass handle and pushed the heavy door open just enough for her to slip through into the bedroom.

Inside the room was dim but warm. The only light was radiating from the large fire in the enormous grate, and the room was full of shadows dancing across the panelled walls laden with tapestries and oil colours. Then she saw the bed. It had four heavily carved posts, its own lavishly painted roof, and the mattress was a good three feet off the floor; it was larger than Alice's whole room. She lightly stepped across the floor and touched one of the thick uprights.

"Aren't we forgetting something?" said a deep voice behind her. It was gravelly but not coarse, it had that distinctive confidence of the upper class and was the sort of voice that made people like Alice instantly feel like they've done something wrong. She had never conversed directly with Sir Robert, but Alice knew instantly that this was him.

"Sorry sir", she said quietly, and as if reading from a script she said, with what she hoped was the required confidence, "I'm here for my lesson , Sir. Please could someone..." the words momentarily stuck in her throat, "...fuck me?".

The voice in the darkness behind her gave a low chuckle. "Very good, my dear. Had to make sure it was the right lass. Didn't want any misunderstandings, yes?" Alice didn't answer, and except for the slight shuddering she didn't even move. "Come, come, we both know why you're here. Please do try to at least look like you're enjoying yourself. There's nothing worse than fucking someone with a dreary expression. Don't worry, you'll get a bonus if that's what's worrying you", said Sir Robert dismissively.

Alice hoped that she'd stifled the whimper sufficiently at the mention of money. If she was going to do this, then she was determined to do it confidently and with her head held high. She stood up a little straighter, subtly blinked away the water in her eyes and turned to face him with a warm smile. "No Sir Robert. Sorry, it's just all so different from downstairs. It's beautiful. I am ready for my lesson."

"Good, good." he said slowly as he gently, but firmly grasped her hand in his. As he led her to the fireplace she good a good look at him for the first time. She was relieved to see he wasn't unattractive, but the portrait in the grand hall had either been rather kind to him, or had been painted many years ago. Alice guessed he was in his mid fifties, and he had the dark furrowed skin of one who spends much of his days walking outdoors. His eyes were also dark, blood shot round the edges and currently burning into her chest, flitting from breast to breast.

When they reached the fireplace he left Alice with her front facing the warm fire, and moved to stand behind her. " Don't turn around.", he said, "I want to get you warm". She felt his hands on her waist and hoped he couldn't feel her tremble. His right hand then slid round to her front and up to her breast followed by his left, where they started to firmly massage her through the thin material, occasionally grasping her nipples between thumb and forefinger and gently pulling. "There, my dear", said Sir Robert, "It's not so bad is it?"

"No Sir." whispered Alice, motionless. 

"I haven't had something as lovely as you on the staff for quite a while." he said, his massaging becoming stronger. "I do trust it's the right time, we don't want any accidents, do we now?"

Alice nodded almost imperceptibly, and then took a shallow but sharp intake of breath as his large, right hand traced a slow path down the front of her dress and came to rest between her legs. Alice instinctively recoiled a little but he grasped her firmly into him and continued the massaging action, rubbing the material of the dress into the outer lips of her vulva. The other hand joined the first and they rounded the top of her thighs and opened her legs just a little. Alice closed her eyes and tried imagine it was one of her young lovers back home, but the very smell of the opulent house and Sir Robert's breath kept bringing her back. Both hands were now caressing between her legs, one circling the entrance to her cunt, the other further up working her clit. She was pinned securely to him, and she could feel him pressing into her from behind. The heavy fingering slowly grew in intensity, both hands working in opposite directions. He was now working so hard Alice was starting to worry the he might rip her dress - maybe that was what he wanted, to tear through the dress to get at her younger flesh. His strong confident arms gripped tighter, and the fingers grew faster and faster, but just as she was about to cry out, he stopped. In the sudden stillness Alice realised she was panting with hot shallow breaths.

"Yes," said Sir Robert, himself slightly out of breath from the effort, "I do hope we're learning."

Alice didn't have time to reply before she could feel his him moving again. She looked down and saw his hands, still at the top of her thighs, gathering up the length of her dress until she stood, bare from the waist down in front of the fire. She could feel the warmth on her bare legs and. His hands slipped back down, but this time his fingers only lightly brushed over her now sensitive outer lips. They gently stroked her skin as if trying to sooth and calm, passing over her again and again until two fingers from each hand met in the centre and slowly pulled her lips apart. The heat from the fire found her clit and tight opening, and once again Alice closed her eyes. While she was being held open another finger started rubbing again at her clit, he had certainly done this before and he found the right spot straight away.

The tightening started in her stomach and gradually flowed down to her groin. Alice hadn't felt this feeling for a long time, however she knew it straight away, but this was Sir Robert, and it felt so wrong. She looked down to watch his strong but weathered hands exposing her cunt, one finger still intently circling her clit, the warmth rising through her sex. As she watched, one finger released itself from her lip and moved, almost in slow motion to her opening. In a mix of terror and longing Alice helplessly looked on as the sturdy finger got closer and closer to its target, until it lay at her entrance. She wanted to shake him off, she wanted to cry out, she wanted to run, but above all she wanted him to penetrate her, to fill her just for a moment, just long enough. The finger on her clit kept up its steady movement and she could feel herself moistening with every pass, but the finger at her entrance merely rested there. Stronger and stronger the warmth grew, until Alice could take it now more, but still the finger waited where it lay, touching but not moving. The finger on her clit circled firmer and faster, and the tightening was nearly all consuming, she didn't want it now, she needed it.

"Please," she managed to gasp in between strong deep breaths. Sir Robert said nothing but slowly pushed the end of his finger into her cunt. He let it rest for a moment before withdrawing it, then pushing it back into her. He kept repeating this, penetrating her a little further each time, all the while keeping up the focus on her clit. A second finger joined the first inside her, then a third. Now she was full, and the aching inside her was satisfied. The warmth and the tension spread to her entire body, taking control, and she let out a cry as she came. Alice felt her legs go beneath her, so the only thing keeping her body from falling was his hands and the fingers deep inside her. This just intensified her orgasm, and for a moment she could see and hear nothing, she could just feel the powerful tightening of her cunt around his fingers.

Finally, feeling and control returned to her body, and she managed to stand again. Sir Robert released his grip slightly, and as she looked down he slowly removed his fingers. Alice could see the moistness from her glisten on his fingers in the firelight. 

"That's a good way to start," he said, the smug pleasure obvious in his voice, "but now it's my turn." 

He turned Alice around so she was now facing him and placed his hands on her shoulders. He gently pressed down, initially Alice resisted but Sir Robert just increased the pressure and slowly she lowered herself into a kneeling position. With her face only a few inches from his crotch, one by one he undid the buttons on his breeches and pulled open the front revealing white silk underwear. Alice could clearly see the large bulge in the silk.

"Yes," he chuckled "aren't you a lucky girl?"

The happy waves of her orgasm had now died away, and Alice didn't feel particularly lucky. She'd lost control before and was now trying to regain her composure. How far would this go? Would he?... she couldn't bring herself to think about it. Alice just looked on as he hooked his thumbs into the sides of his breeches and underwear and pushed them down over his thighs. She was now face to face with Sir Robert's erect cock. It stood straight out as proudly as any she'd seen, although unlike the boys back in the village, his was no longer rounded by dark thick hair, but by a finer hair of almost pure white. Alice realised she had been staring and in a mixture of embarrassment and trepidation she turned her head away.

"Now, now. Fair's fair." said the commanding voice high above her, "I entertained you, now you will entertain me." He put his hands either side of her head and pulled it round to face his cock once more. "Why not put your hand around it?" 

Alice reached up and carefully wrapped her hand around him. She could feel the pulse of his heart through his cock, it was calm and steady but very strong. As if to give her a hint of what to do, he placed his hand over hers and started stroking backwards and forwards along the full length of his shaft, until together they had built up a secure rhythm, then he let go.

"Ah, yes," said Sir Robert, softer than before, "that's very good, my girl. Somehow I knew you'd be good at this." He let out a slight but audible groan.

Alice continued stroking his cock and increased her grip slightly. This was good, he was obviously enjoying it, and if his moans were anything to go by was close. This wouldn't be anywhere near as bad as she'd feared. She started working his cock faster, happy that he'd soon orgasm, and getting a little bit of cum over her was definitely worth the sovereign. She leaned back slightly exposing a little more of her cleavage; more than one of the boys had liked to do this before, and Alice knew exactly where they liked to do it.

"Put it in your mouth," the commanding voice was back. Alice stopped, her hand frozen around his steadily pulsating shaft. "Put it in your mouth," the tone clearly stated that this was not a request, "and look at me."

Alice knelt more upright until the head of his cock was only about an inch from her face, and with her hand still wrapped around his length she opened her mouth. Closing her eyes she slowly leant forward until the head of his shaft was inside, and then as softly as she could she closed her lips around it. Remembering the command she opened her eyes again and looked upwards towards his face. He looked straight back into her eyes, his grin was gone and in its place was a wanting expression. He looked down at her from high above as though he owned her, and in a sense he did. Alice might be the one with her mouth around his cock, but she knew who was in command; staff who upset Sir Robert didn't stay in the house very long. She returned his gaze with what she hoped was an equally wanting expression, and slowly, very slowly she moved forward and took more of his cock in her mouth, never looking away from his eyes. When she reached the edge of her hand she momentarily stopped, then just as slowly she leant back and withdrew his shaft from her mouth, until her lips were almost kissing the head of his cock and the old man let out a long low groan.

Sir Robert closed his eyes and with a wry smile he raised his hands to sides of Alice's head. Leisurely, but firmly he pulled her towards him pushing his cock back into her mouth. When her lips reached the edge of her hand still wrapped around his shaft he pulled her away again. He did this again, and again, and again until he built up a steady rhythm. He was once again directing the action, and he was now fucking her mouth. Alice was trying to breathe through her nose but like his heavy fingering earlier, every thrust was just a little stronger than the last, making it harder and harder to get her breath. She held on tight to the base of his cock, desperate to try and control his bucking hips. Stroke after stroke his pulsing shaft penetrated her lips, Alice was being used and it was all she could do just to hold on and take it. She knew that she was being taken and thought that in a way she was being just like a common whore, letting this older man use her body as he liked. But Alice knew that in another way she wasn't like a common whore; she was wet between her legs and getting wetter by the minute.

He kept up the pounding at her mouth for a little longer, then after two final separate strokes her stopped and slowly pulled his cock from her mouth. Alice gasped a little, only partly because she needed air, and as he withdrew some pre-cum stretched from her mouth to his cock until it broke under its own weight. Alice was still holding onto the base of his shaft as if it was the only thing supporting her.

"Lay on the edge of the bed," he panted, "Lay on the edge of the bed, put your hands under your knees and lift them up. Then spread your legs." Sir Robert paused for a moment, "I'm going to fuck you properly."

Alice released her grip and stood up. She padded over to the sumptuous bed and lay a hand on the embroidered sheets. She'd never felt material as soft or smooth or as lavishly decorated as this before. She must have paused longer than she thought, because as is if he was reading her thoughts he said, "I expect you've never been fucked on a bed like this before." He walked over to her and whispered in her ear, "Or have you? You seem to know what you're doing. It's making my lesson very easy." Alice hid the pang of anger as best she could. How dare he say that about her? But she knew who was in charge and so climbed onto the edge of the bed on her hands and knees.

As requested she turned onto her back and pulled her knees up and out, spreading herself open in front of him. She looked at him, framed between her spread legs, standing there with his breeches down by his knees, his cock surrounded by white hair at the base, now being massaged in his weathered hands at a laid-back pace. Goodness knows she really did want some cock in her now, but not his, please not his, she thought. He stepped close enough so that with a slight bend in his knees the tip was just touching her opening. Alice could feel her wetness running down into the crease of her bottom. She closed her eyes and tried not to gasp as he rubbed the head of his cock around the entrance to her cunt, pushing teasingly against her, but still not hard enough to penetrate. He brushed the tip against her clit a couple of times before tracing a line back down to her opening. The frustration was building in Alice. What if he was the master of the house, what if he was older than her, she thought. He certainly knew what he was doing and his cock was just as hard as any she'd had before. Maybe she could just close her eyes, concentrate on the pleasure inside her and take his length into her until he was done. Alice couldn't wait any longer and pushed herself onto him, and the end of his cock slid effortlessly inside.

Alice moaned at the feeling of Sir Robert's cock in her cunt. It might only be the head but it made Alice feel comfortably full, and Alice let it rest there for a few seconds.

"And I think that's the first part of the lesson done for today," he chuckled, withdrawing his shaft from her and stepping back. Alice stay on her back on the bed, legs spread for him, now with a deep feeling of frustration; now she really needed fucking. 

"Sorry my dear. But you'll have to wait for a while." Sir Robert moved over to a chair in front of the fire and sat down, his cock still shining with the wetness from Alice's cunt. "You've seen what to do, now it's your turn, and try to get it right," he announced, a little louder than before. Alice was momentarily confused, but then a voice spoke from the shadows, "Yes father."

Alice realised she was laid open for all to see in the company of now two men.