 In the summer of 1972, I hitchhiked across America.

I was 18 years old. I had long, red, curly hair - about two inches above my shoulders. I still thought of myself as too fat. However, in retrospect, I had a great little 18 year old body. I weighed about 170 lbs. and I was 6' tall. I just never had a natural musculature so, to me, my body looked "soft" and therefore fat. I didn't really understand until I was about 25 or 26 that to any normal guy or gal, I looked "hot." I was a little hippie stud muffin that was into anything and everything, and I actually thought that I was almost unattractive.

I suppose that was part of a disarming innocence on my part. In spite of my perpetual horniness and perverse fantasies, I really didn't think that anyone else would be interested in me. Damn. It's almost sad. Such a cute kid I was.

So, after a wonderful send off mini-orgy fuck with friends, I stuck out my thumb to - all gone to look for America. I was a hippie wanna be and I was a goin' to Californ-I-Eh to tune in, turn on and get fucked.

Somewhere in Ohio, I got a ride from an old guy (50 or 60... Ooold) in a pick up truck. I threw my backpack into the truck bed and climbed into the cab.

"Where'ya off to?" he inquired.

"California," I replied.

"Heh," he laughed, "I'm only going a few miles, but I can take you that far."

"That's great," I said, willing to go 5 miles or 500, as long as I was headed the right way.

The cab of the pick-up truck was clean and empty. Except, that on the seat between us, there were several hard core pornographic magazines. I casually glanced down at them and checked out the graphic covers.

"You can go ahead and look at those," said the old guy. "Feel free."

"Thanks," I said, picking up one of the magazines.

It was a well thumbed through mag with very explicit shots of men and women fucking. There were big cocks pushing into naked cunts and spewing cum over eager faces. Dicks getting sucked by willing mouths and fucking cunts in front and behind. Lots of cum. Lots of pussy. Lots of big, fat cocks.

I had been jerking off to porn novels, Penthouse and Playboy for years now, but this was the first hard core porno magazine I had ever seen. This incredible erotic montage of lurid sex gave me a first class erection almost immediately.

"That make you hard?" probed the old guy, reaching over to my side of the truck, placing his hand on my crotch and giving my stiff cock a squeeze.

Whoa,!! I thought. This is strange. Where is this going?

"Yeah, that's nice," he said, his hand still grasping and shaking my prick a little. "You want to show it to me?"

He glanced at me with pleasant expectation.

My chest tightened. My cock was hard. His hand was massaging my groin, gently squeezing my prick and my balls. I was aroused... 

"Ffwwww." I blew out my breath.

What the hell. With my heart pounding, I slipped my shorts and underwear down and let my erect cock jump free.

"Man, that's nice," he said, reaching over again and stroking my shaft. 

"Ahhh," I sighed involuntarily, the feel of his callused hand on my penis turning me on.

"Yeah... You play with it," he said removing his hand.

He opened his own pants as I gently squeezed my throbbing tool. His cock was stiff when he took it out. It was about the same size as mine - 6 inches, but definitely thicker around.

"Here's where I get off," he chuckled as he pulled onto an exit ramp off of the highway.

It was a long ramp and halfway through, he pulled the truck over onto the grass, well off the shoulder.

"Let me have some of that," he said after the truck was stopped. And he leaned over to take my stiff manhood into his mouth.

"Ohh, ohh" I moaned, not sure this was a good idea.

He sucked me deep into his mouth, managing to stimulate my cock head and my veined shaft while gently squeezing my balls.

"Godddd," I gasped.

This was extraordinary. This old guy was slurping away on my boned organ like a professional cunt. He was better than Dan, the high school janitor. This old guy could really suck cock! His head was bobbing up and down, licking, sucking, vacuuming my hard cock like he was competing in the Best Blow job finals.

"Ohh, ohh, oh, fuucckk," I panted, feeling my tightness grow and swell.

Jesus! This guy was unfucking believable. I could feel my cock head lodge in his throat and he contracted his throat muscles, squeezing while his tongue lapped at my shaft buried in his silky, hot mouth. His head continued up and down, caressing, sucking, squeezing my hard tool over and over and over again.

"AHhh,,hh,hhhh," I cried, feeling like he was sucking up my sperm right from my balls until I blew, gushing into his willing mouth. 

He eagerly drank my cum as I shot violently into his mouth.

"Nn-no," I begged, "stop, please, I can't take anymore" - his mouth continued to piston my cock.

After giving my cock head a few licks, cleaning the dribbling semen from my pee hole (and continuing to drive me up the wall), he rose up with a satisfied look on his face. His cock was still rock hard.

"Would you be interested in doing me?" he asked, rubbing his dick.

I nervously shook my head no, my body still coming down from this incredible orgasm. I didn't want to suck this guy now. Not here. Not in the middle of the highway. And not after I'd just cum. And he was old...

I put myself back together and got my backpack from the back of the truck. 

"Uh, thanks," I said through the open window.

He nodded, sort of half smiled, and drove off, his stiff manhood still poking out of his pants.

Whew, I thought to myself. This hitchhiking can get a little weird. I couldn't believe that this old guy could give me a blow job like that. That was really incredible. Then, of course, I felt guilty that I hadn't reciprocated. But he was... old. And it was the middle of the highway...

I met up with another hitchhiker somewhere in Nevada and we rode into Beserkley together. He was staying with some friends and invited me to crash at their pad (yeah, I actually crashed at their pad. Far out).

I called up the two guys that I had made friends with the last summer in the survival school, Bill and Paul, but they were both up at Lake Tahoe. Paul was camping with a girlfriend and Bill was working on a lighting crew at an entertainment casino.

I wandered around Berkeley for a day and scored a couple of hits of acid. Another first for me. I dropped a hit and spent that day and night in a wired and wonderful world. I had dinner with my crash pad friends - lasagna baked with marijuana, and wandered over to People's Park that night. People's Park was essentially a hobo jungle by this time, but I spent a great night talking with the Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers around a campfire and listening to hallucinations.

The next day, I got up late and immediately did my other hit of acid for lunch. This time I wandered up into the hills, staying in the woods. Near the top of a hill, in what I thought was secluded splendor, I took off all of my clothes and sat down against a giant tree, in a lotus position to meditate. As I sat there, nude and unafraid, the inspiring effects of the LSD acted upon my libido, and my cock stiffened in its solitary, pleasure seeking prominence. Without touching myself, or

fantasizing at all, my world, centered in my hard prick began to orgasm in rippling, sensual brilliance. In this orgiastic light (in which my prick was not actually pumping or cumming), I vaguely noticed that I was not as secluded as I had thought. I was obviously near a jogging path, for a man came puffing up the hill, facing me and veered off about fifteen feet away to pass me on the right and continue on his way. His face looked surprised as he passed me, but not shocked. This was Beserkley after all.

As I continued to sit there in an acid induced sexual high, another man jogged by. This one stared at my stiff meat with some interest, but he kept going. All in all, about 4 or 5 joggers, passed me by in the space of a couple of hours (only a guess - time was not rational with me just then). Both men and women jogged by. I stopped paying any attention to them as my dick remained steel hard all this time and my body throbbed with carnal excitement. I was "way out there."

Then a woman jogger appeared in front of me. I looked up and stared in spaced out fantasy. She was had large eyes, a small nose and normal sensual lips. Her dark hair was long and her large breasts bounced up and down unfettered under a raggedly cut off shirt. Her very tan midriff was exposed and her wide hips were loosely enclosed by an old pair of denim shorts. She had stopped and was jogging in place, staring back at me, a strange naked long red haired buddha with my stiff phallus waving in front of me.

Her sweat sheened body was taut and fit and she seemed interested in my nonchalant erect nudity. In my exotic figmented erotica, I simply smiled back at her, not moving my hands off of my knees from their circle "O" position. My erection still pulsed in front of me. My whole body still felt like one huge sensual high. My hardness started twitching in time to her exercise and I could smell her sweat streaked body just a foot in front of me.

As I stared her perspiring face, she lifted up her shirt and began circling her hands on her now bare nipples. She continued to jog in place as she did this and I felt my steady breathing rising in time with the more ragged gasps of her workout. I started taking in sharp breaths as she massaged her tits in front of me, fondling her nipples, her legs still moving up and down. My cock and naked body pulsed in time to her beat. She was obviously excited by this scenario and she looked down at me in rapt sensuality as her hands stroked down her half bare body to the waistband of her shorts.

She flipped open the snap with her thumbs and pulled apart the zipper, exposing her wet panty clad crotch. With one motion, she pushed down her shorts and panties to her thighs, her legs suddenly stopping their running motion as she spread her thick, bushy twat in my face.

"Huh, huh, huh, huh," my breaths was coming in small pants now as I began to shake at this incredible sight. 

One hand moved to her naked cunt and she began manipulating her wet slit, her legs planted open and her hips jutting out towards my face in an aroused stance. 

My whole body was trembling at this acid turn-on sex stop. The sense of rippling orgasm that had been going on this whole time was now centered in my pulsing meat. As I smelled her hot pussy juices dripping from her probing fingers, I continued shaking and moaning in low tones. My hands moved of their own volition towards my throbbing manhood.

Then as they both met at my crotch, covering my balls and cock, I exploded into a mind wrenching orgasm. 

Liquid fire coursed through my penis as my hot cum erupted, shooting up into the air, splattering on my erotic seducer's sweat sheened leg. 

"AHHHHHHHHHH!" I cried as I bent over, my face falling onto her sweaty calf, sliding down her wet leg across my own sperm as the power of my orgasm overwhelmed me. 

I clutched my crotch as everything burst into orgiastic splendor and I felt nothing but waves of rippling luscious sex. 

Sex. Cumming. Insane fire shooting from my whole body, spewing from my madly dancing prick. Everything Orgasm as Everything else ceased to exist.

I don't know how long the orgasm lasted. I don't know how long the woman stayed there. I don't know if she tried to revive me or if I even blacked out. All I remember is coming back to awareness, still in a lotus position, but bent over, my face to the ground. The woman was gone and it seemed later in the day. 

I was still tripping, but it was less intense. I concluded that the event had not been one big hallucination because besides the cum on my hands and penis, there was wet cunt juice and the smell of pussy was overwhelming. Then again, for all I know, it had been one giant hallucination...

I shakily put my clothes on and walked back down to Beserkley. What a wild thing life was...

I left the next day, hitchhiking up to Lake Tahoe to visit my friends. I got high in the morning with the people I had been staying with, and

the second ride I had got me high again. I was cruising along very nicely. It was dark by the time my last ride picked me up. He was a younger man, somewhere in his twenties.

He was driving an old beat up sedan, and I knew as soon as I got in the car that this guy was somewhat whacked out. He talked a blue streak all the way into Tahoe and all the time kept on checking out my body, my face, my crotch. And he looked like something out of the old movie "Reefer Madness." He was that agitated.

By the time he drove into an isolated residential street overlooking the California part of Lake Tahoe, I was a little worried about just how bizarre this guy was. But - as soon as he stopped the car and reached over and grabbed my cock through my shorts, I immediately got a hard on. Ah, the insanity of my youth.

I let him unzip my shorts and pull down my underwear, freeing my rigid tool. He promptly bent over across the seats and took my stiff meat into his mouth.

He began savagely sucking and slurping away on my meat as if he had been starving for teenage cock and I was his taste of deliverance. He grabbed me and pumped my penis in a mad frenzy of need. .

"Yeah," he said, "You like me fucking you, don't you. You like my mouth on your prick. Yeah. I can fuck you in the ass. Huh? huh? Come on your face. You'd like that. My hard cock up your asshole. Want me to fuck you in the ass? I could tie you up and fuck you in the ass until you squealed."

All the while he was babbling, he was pulling on my pud, masturbating me, his mumbling mouth inches from my cock head. He would ferociously swallow my cock, gobbling up my pulsing hardness and then go back to talking about all the ways he'd like to violate my teenage body.

And while he was really scaring me, I was also really turned on. I didn't want him to any these perverse things to me right then - it was too dangerous, but his rantings were getting me hotter and hotter at the thoughts of him actually stripping and raping me...

"Uuoohhhh," I moaned as I started shuddering and my cock began pumping out my hot cum.

"Yeah, yeah," he gurgled, taking my spewing manhood deep into his throat, sucking the throbbing gobs of jiz from my prick.

He kept on sucking, vacuuming my penis dry, drinking my cum and writhing on the front seat of his car. I had to push his head off of my cock, as he kept on licking and sucking.

"I can fuck you in the ass. You want me to fuck you in the ass?" he queried as he finally got his face off of my crotch.

"No," I mumbled. "I have to get down to the beach. Some friends are waiting."

"Okay," he said. And that was all.

He didn't say another word as he drove me down to the beach. He stopped, I got my stuff and he took off. Didn't say another word. That was so bizarre.

I found my friend Paul at the beach along with his girlfriend. We spent a pleasant night together, they in their tent, me in my sleeping bag, and after catching up on old times and getting high with them, I left in the afternoon for the North shore of the Lake where Bill was working at a casino.

I got up there by evening and managed to hook up with Bill. He was a member of the lighting crew on this rock production and was actually working the board during the performance. A major rock group was performing. I knew their music and owned a couple of their albums, so after I left my stuff in Bill's

little hotel room, it was really cool to hang out with him, get high on really fine weed, and watch the show as he ran the light board.

After the performance, we went to a suite in the casino/hotel. It was a very large combination bedroom and living room. There were two king sized beds and several couches and a kitchen and a huge fucking bathroom with more than one shower. It was crowded with a lot of people - Bill and I reminisced over the survival school while we smoked some more incredible weed. I was zonked stoned, stoned, stoned - and then somebody brought out some cocaine, which I had never tried before. They did the whole mirror and twenty dollar bill number and I snorted several lines, making my nose first irritated and then numb.

Cocaine. Interesting drug. It works right on the old brain giving you a feeling of power and perception. And between that and the pot I had been smoking, I was on top of the world. My universe expanded to the point where anything was possible. Once more, I was King. I was fucking tripping again...

I minutely observed all of the coming and goings and carrying on of the band, the crew and their friends. The lead singer in this rock group had come in and was making out on one of the king sized bed with two girls. He was having a lot of fun, very slow and very erotic and I stared at them, getting very turned on in my flying high state. He was performing in a tantalizing, seductive manner and, in my condition, I was mesmerized.

I continued to smoke pot and snort coke, making the whole world just a hallucinatory erotic dream come true.

I watched the lead singer as he kissed and fondled one girl while the other opened his shirt and caressed his chest. Then he switched to that girl, slowly disrobing her while the first further undressed him. They seemed totally oblivious to the fact that the room was full of people! They kept on

exposing more and more flesh, and as I checked out the other people in the room, I saw that they were mostly watching the same as I; getting high; and making out with each other. Bill had left me and I hadn't a clue what to do... so I just watched in spaced out carnal splendor, finally pulling out my cock and worshiping it with my hands... Other people in the room were playing with and I was just loving the sensations of playing with myself. It was an incredible buzz throughout my flesh as I watched these nubile, very naked now, females working on this guy. They were both opening their legs and occasionally stroking their wet cunts and pussy lips, putting on a show for the watching crowd. It might have been humorous if wasn't so fucking high and turned on.

In fact, I was cruising so high that I thought about getting naked and joining them. 

The two girls were all over him, both of them licking his cock, one sucking on his balls, the other taking his half stiff meat into her mouth and working up and down its glistening shaft. He had a decent size cock - bigger than mine, probably about 7 inches long as the girls made it grow. I was amazed that he wasn't rock hard already, but he seemed to be enjoying himself as one girl continued to fondle his hairy balls in her hands and with her mouth. They were both moaning in appreciation while the performer just laid back and enjoyed himself.

The girls were putting on their own show as one lewdly licked his balls and inner thighs while the other continued to flick the tip of her tongue over the head of his penis. He tangled his hands in her hair and urged her forward, pushing her hungry mouth down on his now throbbing meat. She swallowed him while the other girl moved and let her perspiring breasts rub against their bodies, her erect nipples eliciting moans of satisfaction as they grazed against the writhing naked

forms. The girl sucking his hard meat hollowed out her cheeks and bobbed up and down on his tool.

This was the most publicly lewd spectacle I had ever seen! I loved it. I was squeezing my hard manhood unabashedly and moaning in appreciation. 

By now, there were other couples naked and everybody seemed to have no compunctions about overt, open sex.

One couple about two feet away from me began undressing, feeling each other and kissing and fondling while still standing up. Her shirt came off and then her skirt and panties until she was naked while the guy she was with still had all of his clothes on except for his hard cock sticking out of his pants. 
