 I had agreed to go into Central London, for three days, to give some student talks and discussion seminars at a business college - I am a 41 year old business woman.

I decided to travel into London each day by parking my car at a convenient Underground Station (known also as the tube or subway) and then travelling the rest of the way by train. This was preferable to driving the full journey because of Central London's traffic jams, car parking difficulties and the dreaded congestion charges.

I didn't have to get to the college until midday so the commute in on the Monday was fine. I sat back and let the train take the strain. I felt quite refreshed and relaxed when I arrived and my first lecture was well received.

Homebound was a little different as my return journey was in the rush hour. The Underground was heaving with people and it was a case of just getting on my train somehow. I forced my way aboard and was jammed with people all around me - we were very squashed together. And then I felt it!

I had my back to a young man and I could feel him pressing against my bottom and, sure enough, he had an erection. I felt shocked at first and then, to be honest, excited. I had heard that this sort of thing happens but had never experienced it before.

Now I know most women would have tried to move forward a little, but I didn't. I actually moved my bottom firmer against him - accidentally of course! I could feel his hard penis almost wedged between my buttock cheeks and it made me feel so turned on. My mind raced ahead and I was having fantasies of fucking on the train with other people all around watching. I knew I was getting wet at the thought.

As I hadn't moved away the young man got bolder and was actually moving his cock up and down slowly.

"God!" I thought, "He's trying to work himself off."

I was getting more and more turned on and I pushed back against him again so that I could perhaps help him cum. 

"Was this all in my mind?" I wondered. 

I felt it was for real, well my bottom did! I actually pushed one hand against my pubic mound, hoping no one would see. Fuck, this was so erotic and then - damn - I reached my station where I had to get off.

I looked round at the young man and he smiled at me. I made my way onto the platform almost shaking with excitement and pleasure. I felt so horny.

The drive home from the station, about thirty minutes, went by in a flash as I imagined all sorts of wild sexual fantasies. 

That night in bed alone, as my husband was away on business for the week, my mind was in a turmoil. Over and over the feelings of how I felt in the Underground train flooded my mind. I couldn't get the thoughts out of my head and my body started responding in kind.

I kicked off the bedcovers, removed my nightdress and gave in to my desires. My hands touched my breasts, my nipples already hard, and I groaned out to no one in particular. I reached down to my stomach and further to my pussy. I was unbelievably wet and my finger easily sunk between my vaginal lips, my hips moving automatically upwards to meet my hand. Another finger was needed and then another as I started to push in and out of my silken, sodden passage.

I didn't need to stimulate my clit, my internal muscles were already beginning to tighten on my fingers as I reached an almighty orgasm. I cried out in ecstasy, passion and sheer sexuality. I was pushing my cunt high in the air as my fingers plundered my insides.

I carried on pumping until I came again and then again. It had been ages since I had felt such animal sexuality.

Eventually I lay still and fell into a restless sleep.

The next afternoon, Tuesday, I made my way to the Central London college. My lecture was okay but I felt as if my mind was elsewhere and I kept thinking of the journey home.

At 5.45 p.m. I was on the Underground platform awaiting my train. There were as many people as yesterday and I knew the train would be packed with commuters. I heard my train approach and, as I did so, I saw the same young man as yesterday. I felt my face flush when he spotted me. He followed me onto the carriage and stood behind me.

"Hi!" he whispered. And his body pressed against me.

"The wonder of a young virile man," I thought as his erection grew and I could feel it against my bottom. My knees seemed to weaken as his hands touched my hips. He gently pulled me towards him and I offered no resistance. His hands moved downwards to my buttock cheeks and he squeezed them gently, his penis moving up and down slowly.

I wished we were somewhere alone where I could lift my skirt, pull aside my thong and let him touch my moistness. I needed sexual release.

He continued to move his cock up and down and then, barely audible, he grunted in my ear, his hot breath tickling and adding a new dimension to my sensitivity.

"He's cum," I told myself, "He's fucking cum."

Suddenly I realised it was my stop and I made a move to leave. 

He whispered in my ear, "Don't wear any knickers tomorrow."

I rushed off the train, trembling. How dare he say such a thing to me. What or who did he think I was? I was flustered and yet felt alive and sexy. It was lovely to be desired.

When I got home I was wondering if I had become, or was, a slut. The idea actually appealed to me.

I went upstairs to change out of my business clothes. I couldn't resist stripping off completely to see if I looked a slut when naked. In the mirror I saw my image and liked what I saw.

My tits were a good size and I liked the way they swung slightly as I moved and bounced if I walked. My nipples were hard and were standing out like organ stops. "I reckon I could hang my coat on them," I told myself.

My tummy was flat and toned, mainly because of my regular yoga practice and also my running. I was also very supple and flexible. I bent forward to touch my head to my knees and enjoyed the stretch of my spine as I did so.

As I stood up again I looked at my smooth pussy mound, recently shaven, and touched the smooth skin. I parted my legs, tilted my pelvis upwards and could see my secret lips, moist and now beginning to spread apart.

"Yes," I said to myself, "I could be a slut."

To prove the point I pulled my cunt lips wide apart to expose my pink wetness and afterwards thrust two fingers inside. It felt good but would have been even better if there was someone to watch my finger fucking. I pretended I had an audience and moved my fingers piston like in and out of my luscious folds. I checked my clit and it was hard. I stretched back the hood and exposed it to my imaginary viewers. "After all, they would like to see how big it is," I told myself.

With fingers back deep inside me I proceeded to finger fuck hard and wanton, my cunt drenching my fingers. I let out an animalistic growl and orgasmed almost violently, my tits shaking as I did so. 

"Yes, I could be a slut and an exhibitionist."

The next day I made my way to the college in a now familiar routine. I was wearing something different though. I had on a dress that was very thin, though not see through. It was navy blue in colour so still looked business like. The difference was that the shiny inside stimulated my skin.

I got through my talk with the students and was finished earlier than usual. I could therefore have caught an earlier train home - but I didn't. The college had given me a small office to use. It was completely private and had a lock on the door.

Inside the office I was getting second thoughts about my rendezvous. It was crazy to meet some young guy and get groped on a train. What on earth was I thinking of? But there again ...

I undid my dress which opened all the way down the front with buttons, and slipped off my thong. And then, with shaking hands, I slipped off the dress to undo and remove my bra.

When I put the dress back on the material stirred my nipples and they pressed through the thinness.

"No I can't do this," I murmured.

I stood in front of the window and looked at the traffic rushing by below. My body was on fire. I wanted to be a slut, but what if someone saw? I had my respectable personae to protect. I was lost in my thoughts, oblivious to anything else.

A voice behind me said, "Don't turn round."

I thought I must be hallucinating, it was the young man. I must be going mad.

"Don't move. I knew you wouldn't meet me today, so I came to you. I knew you'd be scared."

The voice was real, this was all happening. His hands were on my hips, just like on the train, and I could feel the hardness of his penis through my thin dress.

No this couldn't be.

"What are you doing here? How did you get in? No, don't ... please ... leave me alone ..."

His hands were now kneading my bottom and it felt so good, my heart was thumping loud in my ears, I felt sick and frightened. He was going to rape me. "No, it wouldn't be rape," I argued with myself, "I want to be fucked."

"I work here, I'm the assistant caretaker at the college. That's how I got into the office, I have the spare key. Don't say anything else ..."

He lifted the hem of my dress and slowly, tantalisingly slowly, exposed my bottom, his hands moving to feel the firmness of my buttocks. I sighed and felt my legs almost collapse with the pleasure.

"No, no ... don't," I groaned.

There was then another voice. "They've all gone now."

"Oh God, no. Who's that? What are you going to do? I've got to go ..."

I turned slightly. The other man was the Head of Business Studies at the college. I'd met him earlier, a heavy built man of about fifty.

"I told you she was hot," the young man said, "Just look at her backside, it's amazing. I love these posh bitches."

With that his hands went around my waist and he started to undo the buttons on my dress, his erection pushing against my bottom.

"Fucking hell, look at the tits on her, and those nipples. She's desperate for it."

The dress was pulled from my shoulders and I was standing naked, other than for my shoes. I didn't have the energy to fight and, in truth, I didn't want to.

They told me to turn round and face them both, and I did so. The young man had dropped his trousers and underwear and his penis was standing to attention, red and raw looking. It wasn't extra big, just normal size, but it looked angry and throbbing.

He moved towards me while taking off his shirt and was also now naked, his body firm and youthful. A thing of beauty. I reached out my trembling hand to touch his cock. I needed to feel the hardness. As I lightly made contact his penis shook and a fountain of spunk hit my arm and stomach as he ejaculated again and again. The amount of fluid took me by surprise and I just stood still watching as the cream trickled over my tummy.

"Don't worry," he said with a big grin, "I can soon cum again."

The other man stood watching, his penis in hand.

The young man started to suck on my right nipple and I shivered with pleasure. He sucked harder and harder, until I felt I would cum, but he allowed my tit to flop out of his mouth, wet with his saliva.

The older man was now completely erect, his cock very big and thick.

"Suck it slut," he ordered.

All inhibitions now gone I dropped to my knees, opened my mouth willingly and licked his cock. It was definitely extra big and so were his balls. I cupped them in both hands as I tried to force the bulbous head of his cock into my mouth. I sucked and nibbled as best as I could and tasted his pre-cum. I licked the smooth head as more transparent liquid oozed from his slit.

The young man was now behind me.

"Stand up and then bend over so you can still suck his cock."

I did as instructed. My mouth was latched onto the older man's cock and I was bent over, with my legs spread. I wanted some attention to my cunt. I hoped the young man would take the hint, my inner thighs were running with my juices.

I felt a cock, a hard cock against my bottom. He was erect again. I hoped he wasn't going to stick it in my arse. I wanted him deep in my cunt. I needn't have worried, I felt a nudging at my pussy entrance and I moved one hand to guide him into me.

He pushed on his cock and was fully inside me, my over lubricated cunt offering no resistance.

I almost choked on the penis I was sucking as the young man started fucking me hard. Each thrust seemed to push the other cock deeper in my mouth. I came quickly and noisily, as spasms racked my cunt. 

The penis in my pussy stayed still until I had recovered a little and then commenced pummelling into me once more. I was taking the full length inside me with each lunge. My bottom was trying to meet him each time to get him deeper and deeper.

The cock in my mouth was still leaking pre-cum but didn't seem ready to explode fully.

I let the cock slurp from my lips momentarily and shouted, "Harder, fuck me harder."

My mouth was soon full again as my pussy started to convulse and tighten on the invading penis. The young man moaned as I came for a second time and then he lost control. I felt his rod expand and then shudder. He pulled out of me and I felt spurts of hot , sticky liquid pump over my bottom and back.

"Let me at her," said the older man and I was pushed roughly to the floor. I lay on my back, my knees bent, legs apart. 

My vagina was open but was soon filled. I screamed out as the large cock was pushed hard into me. It would have hurt if I hadn't have been so wet. The thick girth of his penis was stretching me but it felt so good - painful in a way, but pleasurable in another.

I wrapped my legs around the waist of my invader but he wasn't satisfied with this. He withdrew and pushed my legs back over my chest. Being supple my feet were touching the floor either side of my head. My cunt was flowing with juices. I could feel them running down my bottom and onto the floor, a veritable flood.

The cock was back in me and, because of the angle, was now getting much deeper inside, a real womb banger. I was so sexually aroused I could have taken anything. I was a sexual animal, screaming for him to fill me up. I came again, my tits tingling as I did so, my tummy rippling with pleasure.

The older man grunted, pulled out of my streaming pussy and propelled his sperm all over my aching nipples. He was pushing so hard on my legs that it was now painful. He rolled off me and I was able to return my legs to their rightful position.

I was still hot. I wanted more and started to touch my cunt. My fingers settled on my swollen clit and I virtually wanked it's length until I shuddered to a further orgasm. I opened my eyes and there I was, completely alone, covered in spunk and my pussy gaping open.

I was shaking with emotion. What had happened?

I stood up, feeling wobbly and uncertain and put on my dress. I didn't bother with my bra or thong. I used the thong to try and clean my thighs and stomach and I fixed my make-up and hair as best as possible

Eventually I made my way to the Underground station. It was now late, the rush hour was over. I sat on a vacant seat. A nearby man looked at my chest area and could, no doubt, make out the shape of my still erect nipples.

When I reached my station I made my way to my car and got inside. The leather seats and air conditioning cooled my body. I was so glad when I finally arrived home.

I unlocked my front door.

"Surprise! Hello love. I got back early."

It was my husband. 

"How was your day at college?" he continued, "Actually you look quite tired."

"Yes, I do feel a bit shagged out ..."