 It had been a crappy day at college, and I just needed to unwind. There was a building on the way home - I have no idea how long it'd been abandoned but it'd sat there, gathering weeds and slowly crumbling, since we moved to the town 4 years ago. I went there when I needed time alone or wanted a smoke in peace. 

I went to what must have been the kitchen and started rolling up, as usual. A few minutes later I was inhaling the sweet smoke and calming down a little, rerunning my tutor's tirade in my head but feeling more detached from it. This always helps. 

I heard a noise. Footsteps and a bird taking off - I think. I just wrote it off as a bit of paranoia but I heard it again, with voices this time. Some men were laughing and just talking... I'd never been disturbed here so I felt vulnerable, pulling down the hem of my miniskirt and hoping that they'd just pass by or go into another room so I could sneak out. But then they smelled my weed. 

The house was tiny and it didn't take long for them to find me. I was just sat on the floor smoking when they came in, assuring myself that I'd be totally fine - it was still light out and I wasn't too far from other people. 

They were builders, I think - three big men covered in dust and paint. Smiling at me and not taking their eyes off my bare legs as they walked up to me. I tried to seem calm and didn't even move. They had bellies, and looked the same age as my dad. Maybe even older - pervy men who looked at me like I was a treat. 

"Well, what do we have here then,"

"You know you can smell that a mile off?"

I just shrugged, scared that my voice would quiver if I spoke. Not quite stoned enough to be completely brave yet. But I was started to feel the familiar throbbing between my legs - it always made me so unbearably wet. 

"Well, I promise we won't tell anyone - will we lads? It'll be our little secret." One said, crouching next to me and openly leering. 

"Nah, we like a bit of fun ourselves. Wouldn't want to ruin it for you."

I still hadn't said a word but was getting less worried. I smiled and thanked them - explaining quietly that it'd been a bad day, taking a long, deep drag and exhaling slowly after I'd finished my sentence. I knew they were still looking at my legs, and then at my breasts as I inhaled. 

The one crouching nearest to me knelt, and stroked my knee with his rough hand, "Maybe we can cheer you up some," when I moved my leg away he held it tighter, looking at me when he told me that he wouldn't tell my school about my weed if I did something for them. His hand was sliding further up my thigh and I smelled beer on his breath as I realised my blazer had the school name on it. 

His hand was up under my skirt now, just about to brush against my wet pussy. I felt lighter, smiled again and bent my knees, opening my legs so they could see the black strip of thong that barely covered my pussy. I could practically feel their eyes on it, waiting as I reached down and pulled the material aside to show them the pink, shaved cunt underneath. 

His hand paused as he stared between my legs, half in disbelief that I was actually doing it. Finally he reached up and slid my thong off as I raised my hips, pulling my legs apart again and holding my pussy open for him and his friends to see. 

I felt ashamed that the attention was turning me on more, but it was. I stubbed out the joint and licked my fingers, slowly, and moved them down to my pussy, pushing two inside and then stroking my clit. 

It seemed to be a cue for them - the one sitting next to me kissed my thigh, then up, and licked the outside of my soaking slit. He ran his tongue over me and pushed it in, moaning as he tasted my juices and lapped at my clit. I couldn't help opening my legs more and grinding against his mouth. 

Another one walked over to me and pulled down his pants, pushing his glistening cock against my face and telling me to look up at him. I opened my mouth, hoping to keep control of the situation but he just grabbed a handful of my hair and pushed his dick deep into my throat. I gasped. I tried to gasp but couldn't - he pushed further, until I almost gagged and held it there, smirking at me as I desperately tried to breathe. Finally he pulled his dick out and started to slowly fuck my mouth, watching my mascara stream down my face as he did. 

I felt hands unbuttoning my skirt, pinching my nipples and licking them as the first man sped up his licks. His fingers pushed into my pussy and moved in time with his tongue. Another hand pressed slightly against my ass and I couldn't take it any more, I came with a shudder and a groan, pushing my hips up and feeling the juices run out of my pussy and over his hands and face. I wanted to recover but he just kept licking, making my legs shake as my mouth was fucked mercilessly. 

He stopped licking and pulled me down so I was lying on the floor. In seconds he had a hand pinning me to the floor and my legs on his shoulders, unbuttoning himself before he thrust into me. The others stood and watched as he pounded into my pussy so hard I could barely breathe. I moaned as I came again, feeling him fill every inch of my pussy. I felt helpless, and used. His hands moved to my throat and squeezed as he blew his load into me - streams of hot cum filling my sore little pussy. And I still had two men to please. 

He pulled out of me and I felt his cum trickle down my thigh. He held me open again and pulled out his phone, pushing his fingers into me and taking a picture up my skirt, then again without the fingers. He angled the camera again, squeezing my tits as he snapped again and again, finally slapping them and pinching my nipples. 

The man I'd been sucking came next - he turned me over and pushed his fingers into my cum-filled pussy, telling me to get on all fours as he reached around and massaged my tits. He bent down and spat on my asshole, rubbing his spit into it with his fingers before he ran over it with his tongue. I began to enjoy his tongue circling and probing my asshole, when he suddenly stopped and spat on it again, pushing in with one then two fingers as I cried out. He clamped his hand over my mouth and carried on, pushing in a third finger as he whispered "you'll thank me later, you little slut". 

He kept his hand over my mouth as he pushed his dick against my ass, frantically rubbing my clit as he pushed into me, stretching my tight little ass to take him. I finally felt his balls against my pussy, knowing I was stretched to the brink. He held it there for a moment, pinching my nipples painfully as I felt his cock pulse inside my asshole. His friend was back with his phone, taking a picture again of my face, and then of me on all fours with a dick in my ass. Then a close up of my stretched asshole until he got pushed out the way. He pushed my shoulders down and held onto them as he thrust into me, I whimpered and just tried to keep still as he fucked me, slowly getting deeper and faster, pulling my hips back against him as his balls slapped against my cunt. He pulled my hair, and pulled me back onto his cock, groaning as he pushed further into me. Finally, he pulled out, shooting his cum across my gaping ass as I desperately tried to catch my breath. 

I didn't get a chance to recover before the last man was on me, holding my hands above my head as he slid into my pussy. He slowly pulled out and back in, straddling me now and watching his cock disappear into me again and again.

Then one of the men said "Come on, we've got to leave soon - just finish on her tits and we're off".

He turned me over and sped up, staring at my tits as they bounced with every thrust. He pushed harder, ramming me against the wall as he got closer, determined to cum as quickly as he could. He pulled out and I watched as his cum arched up and shot across my chest, dripping on my face. 

They took another photo of me, covered in their cum and fucked in every single hole before leaving.