 Excitement surged through my whole body as the clock ticked away. 

Tonight was the night which I had planned about a week ago with two of my male friends who were up for a threesome.

I was showered and smelled of a very sensual perfume, which made me feel even more sexy as I felt my cunt getting wetter and tingling.

I had booked the hotel, king size bed, ensuite bathroom with a large walk-in shower, ideal for the three of us to lather up and wash each other's bodies after our fucking session! 

I sorted out my over night bag with my red sexy lingerie and suspenders, red stockings and black silky overcoat. Knowing that would look great with my long blonde hair and my big breasts.

I was the first one to arrive at the hotel and booked in, headed to the room, laid out candles to create an amber glow and flickering light! 

I changed in to my lingerie and wrapped my silky overcoat around my slender body, and put on my back stiletto shoes giving me an extra 4 inches in height, and perfect for slightly digging into someone's butt cheek.

Jake was the first one to arrive, as always he looked dashing, being 6 feet tall and a gym fanatic his body was beautiful!

Gary arrived within a few minutes. He body wasn't that one of a gym fanatic but still in good shape with a great 10in cock! 

I greeted them both with a tender lingering kiss, starting the night off as I mean to go on. 

"Shall we all have a glass of bubbly?" I asked as I went over to the fridge and pulled out a bottle.

They both nodded, and walked over to me, Jake took the bottle from me and popped the cork, as Gary and I held the glasses! 

"Cheers to a fucking fantastic night" we all said and clinked our glasses together.

The Champagne was so bubbly and fruity, and felt lovely as I sipped it and it's coldness slipped down my throat reminding me of what was going to be sliding down my throat later but with a warm and thickness to it. 

I downed my drink quite quickly as I really needed to be fucked so hard, and desperately wanted to suck Jake's cock in my mouth. 

I headed over to the bed and as I did I led each of them with me.

I slipped off my overcoat and revealed my red lingerie, and saw their eyes light up with desire.

I pulled both of them towards me and started to kiss Jake as I unbuttoned Gary's Jeans, as I started to pull off his top, which he quickly removed, so that he stood there naked with his cock standing to attention waiting to be thrusting into my wet juicy cunt.

I then started to kiss Gary as I unzipped Jake's jeans, and reached in to feel his hardening cock with my hand, I started to rub it, so that it got so hard and firm. 

Jake then removed his clothes as we moved onto the bed. 

Jake knelt in front of me, and I pulled my knickers aside so that Gary's cock could slide so deep into me as I was on all fours at the edge of the bed. 

Gary came up behind me, held my hips and he slowly... oh fuck me this feels so good... slid his large cock into me, I groaned with pleasure as he filled me up, thrusting backwards and forwards slowly and you could hear how wet I was as the slippery sound was making so much noise. 

Jake with his cock kneeling in front of me, I kissed his head, and licked his shaft, and held the base of his cock with my right hand as I started to suck him, moving my head back and forth each time his cock was going in deeper into my mouth.

Gary was keeping up a good rhythm as he thrusted me with his beautiful cock, slamming his skin against mine, which gave me the perfect rhythm for sucking Jake's cock.

We were all groaning as the stirring of orgasms started to ripple through our bodies! 

This felt so fucking amazing as both men felt so good in my cunt and mouth. 

I wanted us to have a different position so I stopped sucking Jake, his cock so wet covered in my saliva would be so perfect for fucking my ass. 

I asked if Jake could lay on the edge of the bed, and Gary kneel in front of me.

So I removed my knickers and bra to expose such erect nipples that desperately needed to be sucked.

As I guided Jake's cock into my ass... which felt so fucking amazing... I groaned again with sheer pleasure, Jake held my hips as he thrusted upwards into my ass.

And Gary started to lick my nipples and suck each one, I could lean back to allow him to slide his cock back into my so wet cunt! 

With both of them thrusting into me... I couldn't stop groaning and moaning with so much pleasure... this felt so fucking good! 

Gary kept thrusting so deep into me as did Jake, Gary was kissing my mouth with so much passion and hunger, delving his tongue into my mouth. 

In my stomach I could feel the heat and swirling off a massive orgasm, goosebumps covered my body, my legs started to tremble as the wave of a massive orgasm was taking control of my body... oh my fucking God.. 

"Both of you fuck me harder!" I shouted and they slammed into me, I could feel the start of Jake's cock throbbing in my ass as he was starting to cum, and Gary was started to breath shallower as his cock started to throb in my cunt! 

I couldn't hold off anymore and started to allow my orgasm to take full control of me as I started to shout out, as I suddenly felt an explosion up my ass and another one in my cunt! 

We all groaned as we came together! 

Our bodies sweaty and wet, all of us trembling with waves from the orgasms we had. 

"That was so fucking amazing guys!" I said as I slowly lifted myself off of Jake's cock, as his cum started to slide out of me, we all laid on the bed to catch our breaths.

"That was so good, you felt so tight around my cock as I thrusted into your ass," Jake said as he started to draw circles over my stomach as we laid there. 

"Your cunt was so wet and slippery it felt so good fucking you deep," Gary said as he laid there next to me too. 

"Who wants another drink" I asked. 

"Me" they both replied.

"Would you mind getting the drinks Jake as I don't want to stand up just get as I have so much cum inside me" I laughed. 

He laughed as he padded over to grab the glasses and refill them.

We all drank the cool champagne which felt so refreshing and relaxed for a while.

"Who is up for another session now, as I really want to deep throat one of you so that you can cum in my mouth and down my throat?"

Gary straight away nodded as did Jake. 

"Why don't we go to the shower and start in there?" I suggested as I stood up and kicked my shoes of and remove my suspenders, and headed to the ensuite. 

They followed me, and as the the water from the shower hit our skin, and we washed our sweaty bodies, I reached out and started to rub Gary's cock so that I could suck him and Jake could fuck my cunt, so I started to rub Jake's cock too. 

As I bent over and took Gary's cock into my mouth, Jake came up behind me and started to enter my cunt with his wide cock. 

Gary's cock was so long I could really deep throat him, I didn't swallow to allow my mouth to be wet and slippery and I took him in so deep and it felt like bliss as I was being held and fucked by Jake. 

The shower kept showering water down on us as the three of us enjoyed each other's bodies. 

This felt so natural and I felt so alive! 

I kept sucking, licking and sucking Gary's cock deep into my mouth and massaging his balls. His hand on his hips as he groaned away as I could feel his cock throbbing and suddenly squirting so much warm cum into my mouth and throat! He tasted so sweet as the liquid slipped down my throat. 

Jake still fucking my cunt from behind with such a perfect rhythm started to slow down as I felt my cunt start to spasm again as it reached another level of an orgasm... "fuck me harder, fuck me deeper"... he did... oh fuck me, this feels like heaven! 

As he thrusted into me one last time his cum shot into my cunt as I came as well! 

My body shook for a while as the waves of a massive orgasm came through my whole body! 

Jake groaned loudly too! 

This was a fucking great evening for all of us, as we stood up and I hugged them both close to me.

As the water kept splashing down on our bodies.

"Same time next week guys?" I said with a glint sparkling in my eyes.

Both nodded at me and high fives each other (men...)