 Fucking Fantasy Number 1 -- Sarah at the sex club

You choose the story!

Disclaimer and Info - 

This has taken a few months to write, so I hope you all enjoy it. It's inspired by the old Fighting Fantasy books I used to read as a child. Basically -- you choose the story! 

There are over 30 'chapters' with 4 possible endings for you to choose from. 

(and if any section doesn't quite work, I'm sorry. I'm a guy. It's not easy to write from a woman's perspective!)

Use the Control F function to find the correct chapter if you're having problems.

Type CH and then the chapter number to find it. (eg CH01)

Of course, all characters are over 18. 

*****

Chapter 1 CH01

I stepped out of my friend Becky's car and followed her up the path to the large office building. It looked almost abandoned at this time of night, and most lights in the building were off. 

This was my first time at a sex club, and I didn't know what to expect. It wasn't Becky's first time. In fact, she was a regular member, and I was her official guest for the evening. 

"Don't worry," she said to me. "Looking like an office building keeps it more secretive. It's all converted inside. The offices are now private bedrooms, and the bigger meeting rooms are communal places. You'll see. Have you got your papers?"

I waved the pieces of paper at her. I also adjusted my skirt slightly, conscious of it riding up after our car journey. 

"Relax," she said, "you look great. Gorgeous even."

When I confessed to Becky at work a few weeks before, that I was currently in a sexual dry-spell, I never believed it would lead me here. She confessed to me that she was a member of a very private club, for open-minded and open-legged individuals. We'd been friends since I started working with her two years ago, and we'd occasionally talked about sex and romance. But I'd had no idea she had ever been to a sex club, let alone was a regular member. 

After hearing how long I'd been unintentionally celibate, she'd suggested I go with her as her guest. It took her a week to get clearance from the club, and another week for me to get a medical test, proving I was clean of diseases and infections. 

Finally, the evening was upon us. 

Becky walked up to the intercom, pressing the buzzer. "Becky and guest. Member 261."

After a few seconds the door clicked open, and we walked inside. Becky led the way down the dark, narrow corridor, and to a door on the left. "Welcome Sarah...to Paradise."

She pushed the door open, and a wash of bright light and colour hit me. The new room was brightly lit, with cream walls. A complete contrast to the building I had seen so far. 

A man greeted us as we walked in. He was in his early forties, with short ginger hair and a chin you could open a can with. He was also naked, except for a tiny pair of black Speedos, clearly bulging. He grinned a devilish smile as we walked in, and checked the clipboard in his hand. 

"Becky! Always good to see you again." He kissed her lightly on the cheek. "And who is this?"

To give your real name, go to Chapter 2 

To give a sexy Pseudonym, go to Chapter 10 

--------------------------------------------------

Chapter 2 (CH02)

"I'm Sarah," I said, handing him the papers. 

He glanced at the doctor's report and the form Becky had given me to fill out. 

"Yes, you are." He said with a hungry smile. He put the papers on the table in the corner of the room.

"Lewis, be nice." Becky said to him. "It's her first time at this sort of thing."

Then she waved goodbye to me, and walked through to the next door, leaving me alone with the ginger gentleman. 

"Such a sexy woman, your friend." He said to me as Becky left. "Now, before you go in, we need to go through the rules."

I nodded shyly. 

"Rule 1 -- Nothing illegal. No drugs, no bad behaviour.

Rule 2 -- What happens inside, stays inside. You might recognise people here. Friends, neighbours, and even a couple of minor celebrities. Say nothing about what you saw or did inside to anyone else. Everything is confidential. 

Rule 3 -- No cameras or recording devices. 

Rule 4 -- Consent is assumed, disagreement is verbal. That means that you need to say no if you don't want something. Just shaking your head won't count. Otherwise people will expect you're up for anything. Same for cum -- tell the men where you want it, otherwise they'll put it wherever they want. Don't worry, everyone here is clean.

Rule 5 -- Open doors only. If a door is closed, it's private. If a door is open...the more the merrier." 

"OK!" I said a little too enthusiastically. 

"Good." He replied. "Now, there's only one last thing. Privilege of being the owner. All first time guests must suck my cock."

To hesitate, go to Chapter 16 

To pull down his speedos and start sucking, go to Chapter 03 

---------------------------

Chapter 3 (CH03) 

I quickly knelt down in front of him, pulling his speedos down as I moved. My mouth was over his ginger-haired cock the moment it erupted from the tight swimwear. 

He suddenly stepped backwards, pulling his cock away from me. 

"My dear! I'm sorry, that was meant to be a joke. But it's good that you are so keen. Sadly, I must stay on the door for now. But maybe we can continue this later?"

There was a buzz on the nearby security phone. 

"I'm sorry Sarah, but our time is up. If you go through the door on your right, you'll find the changing rooms and lockers. Bathroom too. Change down to your underwear, bras optional, and have a great time. Welcome to Paradise!"

Suddenly, his attention was back on his clipboard, checking the membership number of the next arrival. 

I walked through into the next room, and found a spare locker. The locker room had the toilets connected to it (normal and disabled) as well as notices on the walls, and the door into the main club. 

A couple of signs caught my eye. The first was information about the next 'furries only' evening, and how to rent a costume from the club ('only six female and three male costumes still available!').

The second was in big type, near the door to the main corridor. 'TODAY'S SAFETY WORD -- BABYLON"

I was alone. I took off everything except my bra and panties. I'd chosen a dark blue matching set for tonight. After a moment of thought, I took off the bra too. I closed the combination lock, and gave myself a quick check over in the nearby mirror. 

I looked stunning. My hair was perfect, my legs smooth. My breasts were pert and my shaved pussy was already feeling damp. I put my head up, and walked into the main corridor.

The corridor extended quite a long way to both the left and the right, both with many doors and extra turnings. The right hand side had red carpet, while the left hand side had yellow. Directions on the wall pointed to several different rooms, including a bar. 

To get a drink, go to Chapter 22 

To explore the red corridor, go to Chapter 09 

to explore the yellow corridor, go to Chapter 29 

To go looking for Becky, go to Chapter 08 

----------------------------

Chapter 4 (CH04)

"Thanks," I replied "but I feel like I've only just arrived. Another time?"

"Sure" she said with a slightly predatory smile.

I watched from the bed as she put on a set of black panties and a small black bra, re-attach her prosthetic leg and walk to the doorway. She blew me a gentle kiss, then out the room. 

I was alone. Whoever had been using a vibrator earlier was gone, as were the loving couple, if it hadn't been them. 

Remembering what Milena said, I put back on my wet panties, and left the room, remembering her between my legs as I did so. 

Where now? 

To get a drink, go to Chapter 22 

To explore the red corridor, go to Chapter 9 

to find the bathroom, go to Chapter 13 

To go looking for Becky, go to Chapter 8 

---------------------

Chapter 5 (CH05)

"Sure," I replied. "But haven't you just come from there?" I pointed at the girl who'd entered after David. I thought I could see a few drops of cum on her legs, but it might has been the lighting.

He gave a shrug of his shoulders. "I've got more in me. The night is young, and it would be a travesty not to bed a woman as beautiful as you." He swigged down the rest of the whiskey, and offered his hand to me. I drunk down the rest of mine, and took his hand. 

He led me along to the far end of the corridor. There were lots of small rooms there. Some had their doors closed, and noises could be heard from within. Others had their doors open. Most of those were empty, but a couple had people inside. We passed one with at least five people inside. Another had just a couple, the woman riding reverse cowgirl in the bed in the middle, staring out at the door. She gave a coy wave to David as we walked past. 

At the doorway to an empty room, David took me in his arms and pulled me close, kissing me passionately. My boobs against his chest, and his manhood rubbing against my legs even from inside his shorts. "I want to be inside you," he whispered, as we broke away our kiss. 

He turned and walked into the bedroom, pulling me inside with him.

To close the door, go to Chapter 23 

To leave it open, go to Chapter 17 

-----------------------------

Chapter 6 (CH06)

Remembering what Lewis said, I looked round at the young man and instantly said "NO" in a clear voice. David's eyes opened to see what was wrong, but closed his eyes again when he saw it was the young man, not him that was causing a problem. He went back to contently fucking my pussy.

The spotty young man pulled himself away from my ass, and stood next to the bed, clearly unsure what to do with himself. I felt bad for the guy. It may have been my first time at the club, but I knew the etiquette of group sex better than him. I leaned back up again, making it clear my ass was not available right now.

"Come here" I said in softer tones. 

He shuffled towards me. I took his cock in my right hand, and smiled at him as I gave him a handjob. It was thinner than most cocks, and my fingers easily wrapped all the way round it. We continued like this for a few minutes, David's cock in my cunt, and the young man's cock in my hand. I could see he wanted more, a blow-job or a chance to fuck, but it wasn't appealing to me. Especially when David was just so much better in every way. 

"I'm cumming!" the teenager finally said. I pointed it away from both myself and David, and let the young man's cum land on an empty part of the bed. I felt his cock become limp in my hand, and let it go gently. 

"Thank you" I politely said to him. "Why don't you go to the locker room and clean yourself up a bit?"

He gave an agreeing grunt, and left the room. 

The words "Nicely done" came from below me.

I looked down at David. Amazingly, he was still going, though he now looked pretty tired. He'd outlasted both of the others, and most of my previous boyfriends too. I wondered if he'd taken something to increase his stamina. But after only a few moments of thinking this, he told me he was getting close to finishing. 

"Where do you want it?" He asked with a playful smile.

If you want him to cum inside your pussy, turn to Chapter 12 

If you want it in your mouth, turn to Chapter 18 

To let him surprise you, turn to Chapter 24 

-----------------------------------------------

Chapter 7 (CH07)

"Thanks," I said "but I'm not ready to stop yet."

"A woman after my own heart" he replied with a smile. "I hope to see you here again soon." 

With that he gave me a passionate kiss on the lips, and walked out the door. 

I gave one final wipe over, and put my panties back on. With any luck, I'd be taking them off again very soon.

Now, where to go from here? 

To go looking for Becky, turn to Chapter 8 

To use the bathroom, turn to Chapter 13 

To explore the red corridor, turn to Chapter 9 

To explore the yellow corridor, turn to Chapter 29 

-------------------------

Chapter 8 (CH08)

I decided to find where Becky had gone too. I asked a friendly, chubby young lady with red hair, and she pointed me down a blue side corridor. The corridor was more private rooms, and most of them seemed busy. Most doors were closed, with the sound of rhythmic pounding and women's moans coming from at least half of them. 

I knew if she was in a room with a closed door, I wouldn't be able to find her. But there was a chance she was in a room with an open door, so I kept checking the corridor. 

A couple of doors were open, and I peeked inside to see if Becky was there. The first one had three youngish looking guys, quite geeky in appearance, fucking an older woman with silvery hair. Since Becky was far younger, and had brown hair, I moved on. 

The next room with an open door was the one I was looking for. Sitting on the edge of the bed facing the doorway was a naked Becky, next to a darker skinned man who looked vaguely familiar. Becky's legs were semi-open, allowing me to glimpse the dark-pink opening hidden inside. Her boobs were larger than I'd expected, with large nipples in each centre. I'd worked with her for two years, but I'd never seen her naked before. 

She hadn't noticed me, and continued talking to the man beside her, who was also naked. He was about 25, with short black hair and a slightly large nose. He stopped talking and looked up at me in the doorway, calling Becky's attention to me as well. 

"Sarah!" She called to me. "I was hoping you'd come and find us. This is John."

I walked into the room a bit more, and realized that I recognised the man. "Hey," I asked, "aren't you that famous..."

Becky cut me off before I could finish. 

"Sarah. Remember, what happens in the club, stays in the club. We're all just people here. No jobs or titles. Just friends. And speaking of friends..." 

She turned to the young black man. "Do you want to fuck my friend?"

He looked me up and down, before looking Becky up and down, his eyes clearly fixed on her exposed cunt. 

"Sure," he said, in a London accent. "I'm game if she is. Just close the door."

To join Becky and John, Turn to Chapter 14 

To politely refuse, Turn to Chapter 20 

----------------------

Chapter 9 (CH09)

I walked down the red corridor, passing many rooms with open and closed doors. Just being in this place taught me how many different noises both men and women make during sex. 

I glanced in one room. It was the extremely full. 

Three women were in the middle of the bed, surrounded by guys. At least ten, but maybe even fifteen. Some were penetrating them, mouth, ass and pussy, while others were just masturbating over them. As I watched, two guys shot their loads over the faces of the girls in the middle, who seemed not to notice that yet more cum had joined the face-mask of cum they were already wearing. There were also a couple of ladies in the room just watching the unfolding orgy. One of them noticed me hanging at the door, and invited me in, but I politely refused and kept walking down the corridor. 

I saw a closed door, but with lots of men walking in and out, so I went to see what was happening. On the front it said 'GIVERS' in big lettering.

As I stared, trying to understand the wording on the door, a not-unattractive younger man in his early twenties with bright red boxer shorts came past me and opened the door for himself.

"you might want the other door" he said as he entered, gesturing to the right.

There was another door there, labelled 'RECEIVERS".

I put my hand on the door handle.

To investigate the room marked RECEIVERS, turn to Chapter 15 

To go looking for Becky, turn to Chapter 8 

To use the bathroom, turn to Chapter 13 

To have a drink in the bar, turn to Chapter 22 

To explore the yellow corridor, turn to Chapter 29 

--------------------------

Chapter 10 (CH10)

"I'm Candy," I said with a seductive smile, handing him the papers. 

He didn't look amused. 

"Because you're so sweet?" He said in a droll tone. "Or maybe you are Skittles, so our guests can taste the rainbow?"

"Lewis, be nice." Becky said to him. "It's her first time at this sort of thing."

He glanced at the doctor's report and the form Becky had given me to fill out. 

"I'm sorry. Sarah, we don't use pseudonyms here, just first names. People who lie about their names soon lie about other things, like birth control or medical tests."

He put the papers on the table in the corner of the room. 

Becky whispered something to Lewis, before planting a little kiss on his cheek. Then she waved goodbye to me, and walked through to the next door, leaving me alone with the ginger gentleman. 

"Such a sexy woman, your friend." He said to me as Becky left. "Now, before you go in, we need to go through the rules."

I nodded shyly. 

"Rule 1 -- Nothing illegal. No drugs, no bad behaviour.

Rule 2 -- What happens inside, stays inside. You might recognise people here. Friends, neighbours, and even a couple of minor celebrities. Say nothing about what you saw or did inside to anyone else. Everything is confidential. 

Rule 3 -- No cameras or recording devices. 

Rule 4 -- Consent is assumed, disagreement is verbal. That means that you need to say no if you don't want something. Just shaking your head won't count. Otherwise people will expect you're up for anything. Same for cum -- tell the men where you want it, otherwise they'll put it wherever they want. Don't worry, everyone here is clean.

Rule 5 -- Open doors only. If a door is closed, it's private. If a door is open...the more the merrier." 

"OK!" I said a little too enthusiastically. 

"Good." He replied. "Now, there's only one last thing. Privilege of being the owner. All first time guests must suck my cock."

To hesitate, go to Chapter 16 

To pull down his speedos and start sucking, go to Chapter 3 

-------------------------

Chapter 11 (CH11)

"Um...not right now. Maybe later?"

David seemed disappointed for a moment, but kept his cool.

"Of course." He gently kissed my hand, and walked away to the group of three ladies giggling away in the corner. 

I looked around the room for someone else to speak to, but there didn't seem to be anyone who wasn't already deeply engrossed in their own conversation. Even the bartender had become busy, tidying up something behind him. 

I decided not to waste my time in the club, and instead go exploring. I finished my drink and chose my next destination.

To explore the red corridor, go to Chapter 9. 

To explore the yellow corridor, go to Chapter 29 

To go looking for Becky, go to Chapter 8 

To visit the toilet, go to Chapter 13 

----------------------------------

Chapter 12 (CH12)

"I want it inside me. I want your cum in my pussy right now " I told him, looking straight at into his eyes. 

"Are you on birth control?" he asked. 

When I nodded, he rolled me over, so he was back on top of me, missionary style. He bit into my neck, harder than I expected, and began thrusting quickly into me. There was a surprising amount of force, but it was a minor pain mixed with a deep pleasure. Within about thirty seconds, I felt a warmth inside as his cum filled me. 

When he'd finally stop thrusting, he rolled off me, and passed me some tissues and wipes to clean up most of the fluid now leaking out of my slightly sore pussy. 

When we'd both put our underwear back on, he asked me if I'd had fun. I replied honestly that his was one of the best cocks I'd ever fucked. 

"That's exactly what every man wants to hear." He jokingly patted his cock in a 'well done' gesture. "Sadly, I'm finished for the evening, I think." He looked down at his no longer bulging underwear. "What about you? I can drive you home if you want."

To finish the evening and go home with David, turn to Chapter 34
