 Alice realised she was laid open for all to see in the company of now two men, the second of whom walked over to the edge of the bed and into the firelight, it was Master Thomas. Visually he was definitely Sir Robert's son, the same strong eyes and large hands, but unlike his father's, his were not weathered by time. His skin was smooth, his eyes pure white with a deep chestnut centre and his hair short and dark. He reached out a hand to Alice but - a little to her frustration - he did not touch her where she wanted, instead he took her hand in his and aided her to her feet. 

"Let's get rid of that old rag she's wearing and see her properly," said the elder of the two men from his new vantage point.

Alice was a little hurt by this. It might not have been much by their standards, but she had saved for weeks for this dress, and it was by far the nicest thing she owned. However, she was too worked up to stop and walk out now. She undid the dainty buttons down the front and let it fall to the floor. Now she stood naked in this grand bedroom, with two men, one just as young compared to her own age as the other was old. She could feel them looking at her.

"Go on then, don't wait all night," said Sir Robert, "I've even warmed her up for you."

Without saying anything Thomas moved around behind her and reached around to her belly. He slid his hands gently up to her breasts and grasped two handfuls of flesh. As he supported them with the palms of his hands, his thumb and forefinger pulled at her nipples, a little rougher than his father had done, but that was fine; at this point Alice wanted rougher. She leaned her head back until it rested on his shoulder and let out a long moan as he forcefully played with her breasts. The tugging on her nipples was almost painful at times, and from his seat right in front of her Sir Robert must have seen this.

"Gently Thomas, gently. Tease them, don't yank at them," he said. "And it's about time you got your hand between her legs. She's actually rather good," he added.

Both hands slipped down to the top of her thighs. As Alice was already stood with her legs slightly apart they easily slid into the gap at the top of her legs and cupped her thighs, there they gripped her legs and pulled her bottom back into him. This time she couldn't feel the tell tale bulge pressing against her, but the feeling of being pinned against this young man while being watched by another sent a tingle racing through her.

Still with her head laid back she felt his hands move towards her vulva. First they rested on the outside and the tips of his fingers massaged her outer lips, but then they were parted and she felt the cool air of the room on her entrance. Two fingers were unceremoniously pushed into her which made Alice jump, but very quickly they were as wet as Sir Roberts cock and smoothly but vigorously started to thrust in and out. This was what she needed, and steadily the heat started to radiate through her. With every powerful thrust of his fingers the tension built and grew within her.

"Don't forget her clitoris, Thomas, " said Sir Robert, who was still watching everything from his chair in front of the fire. He stared intently at her naked body, only partly obscured by his son's hands working hard between her opening.

Thomas carried on the thrusting with one hand and started to stroke her clitoris with two fingers from the other. He stroked her with one finger after the other, as if trying to walk along what was now a very slippery road to her aching entrance. Faster and faster he stroked, stronger and stronger he thrust and Alice groaned, quietly to start with but then louder and louder. She cried out as the knot inside her, deep inside her, coiled tighter and tighter until she was once again only supported by the hands around inside her cunt. Her body twitched and bucked as the release of her orgasm tore through her, but Thomas didn't stop. Alice grabbed onto his hands and he finally understood and stopped.

Alice stood there panting to get her breath back, his hands still on her, her hands covering his. She could feel the warmth from between her legs even through his tight grip, she looked down towards the floor and saw how her nipples were red from the pulling, and standing out firmly from her breasts. They stood there silent, but for the heavy breaths until she could stand fully under her own effort.

"Not bad, Thomas. Maybe a little heavy handed," said Sir Robert, "Although this one seems to like that."

This would have angered Alice earlier, but now she was too wound up to care. What she really wanted now was someone, anyone to take her, fill her and fuck her. She turned around to face Thomas and looked directly into his bright eyes, and to her surprise she could now see how lost he looked, how awkwardly his gaze darted around the room to avoid hers. She smiled warmly at him until gradually his eyes stopped moving and came to rest, returning her gaze he risked a small smile, then a larger one. Alice felt another tingle rush through her, and her smile turned from warm to wicked. Not losing eye contact for even a second she reached down and undid the buttons on his breeches, one by one popping them free, then slowly she lowered herself to her knees pushing his clothing down as she went, until she was now staring directly at his exposed cock.

Unlike his father, Thomas was not yet hard. Without any further instruction Alice reached around him and grasped one buttock in each hand, then she pulled herself forward and softly closed her lips around his cock. Remembering what his father had wanted she looked up into his eyes, and started to work his shaft with her mouth. She could feel it growing and swelling in her mouth, rapidly hardening until she could no longer take it all in one go and had to start working up and down his length. She dug her fingers into his tight bum cheeks and starting sucking a little more vigorously on his cock. Up and down she went, always looking up at her new master, she kept her lips soft but worked his length firmly from the very tip to as far down as she could bear to take then back to the tip again. Alice built up a steadily increasing rhythm, up and down she went, her mouth was wet and she could start to taste his pre-cum gathering in his shaft. With each stroke she first pulled him into her, then pulled him away again until he was just at the entrance to her mouth.

Alice saw him shut his eyes and could feel his buttocks tightening, she didn't want him to finish now, not that she minded that, but she had other plans, so she pulled him away from her and let his shaft go from her mouth. It stuck straight out, and pointing at her face, it bounced gently to a halt in front of her.

Gripping his buttocks, Alice pulled herself up on to her feet, then padded quietly over to the bed. In one fluid movement she jumped onto the heavily quilted stage, and rolled onto her back. Alice then pulled up her knees and spread them apart. Her naked, exposed opening was pointing directly at the fireplace and Sir Robert; his cock remained hard and he had a broad smile on his aged face. She turned her head back towards where Thomas was still standing, his erect cock standing proudly from his body, looked him in the eyes and quietly whispered, "Please."

Thomas walked over to the edge of the bed, and for the second time that night Alice had a member of the Hall family framed between her legs. Alice shut her eyes and waited, her heart was beating hard and fast, she couldn't quite believe how she was behaving. These were her employers, the people who kept her, paid her and who she had to serve, and she was certainly serving them now. It felt so wrong and degrading, but here and now all she really wanted was for him to take her, use her for his own dirty means. She felt two hands, one either side of her waist. Alice wanted to be filled by him, to be a whore for him, for him to fuck her until he was done. Then she felt it, the head of his cock pressing at her entrance. He gripped a little tighter at her side, then pushed into her. In one easy movement his whole shaft slipped into her wet cunt causing Alice to groan, partly in surprise, partly in relief.

She could feel the hairs around the base of his cock against her outer lips as he held her against him, his hard shaft buried deep inside her. He then slowly pulled his length out until the tip was just supported by her inner lips. Alice hooked her feet around his back and pulled him sharply back into her and their bodies crashed together, this time it was Thomas who groaned. She relaxed her legs a little and he pulled back until his cock was again teetering at her edge. Alice pulled him hard into her once more, this time he took the hint and started a solid rhythm, steadily sliding his engorged shaft into her dripping wet opening.

Thomas's grip around her waist was now so tight it would have been unbearable had it not been for the feeling between her legs, which was spreading all around Alice's body. That warm, tight knot was growing again from deep inside her sex. She opened her eyes and saw that he was staring at her chest, beads of sweat starting to form on his forehead. Alice slid her hands over her breasts, grasped a nipple in each hand and pulled, stretching them away from her body. This seemed to spur him on and his pace quickened as he thrust harder and harder into her. Through this glorious feeling of being taken and used ,Alice could hear a low distinctive chuckle. Thomas must have heard it to as he came to a stop, his cock fully hidden inside Alice.

"I would like to see more than just my son's behind, "said Sir Robert from across the room. "Stand over here and face me, my dear."

Alice was not going to argue; if that was what it took for the fucking to continue then so be it. Thomas stepped back and his shaft, wet with their combined efforts, fell from her. Alice rolled off of the huge bed and walked over to the chair by the fire. She stood with her feet in line with the feet of the impressive chair, kept her legs dead straight then bent over, resting her hands on the chair's arms. Thomas followed her across the room and stood behind her, his warm hands on her hips. Alice lifted up her head and looked Sir Robert directly in the eye, she could feel the wetness between her legs starting to slowly drip down the inside of her thighs, and now she could feel Thomas pressing at her entrance again. In one smooth unstoppable movement he entered her fully, pulling at her hips as though he could give her even more.

Alice kept up the steady gaze as Thomas started to fuck her, one powerful thrust at a time, each punctuated by a groan of effort from behind her. Each time he pushed himself into her, waited for a second before withdrawing, then heavily, almost forcefully drove his shaft back in. Alice could feel her next orgasm start to evolve, growing deep inside her, both tightening her physically and loosening her mentally; she wanted more. Alice kept eye contact with the elder man but reached across with one hand and started to gently massage his cock, for the first time that night Sir Robert looked a little surprised, this was obviously not part of his lesson plan. However, the surprise didn't last long. His face quickly regained its composure and a broad smile spread across his lips. Alice broke away from the lustful stare and moved her head down to between his legs.

Still steadying herself with one hand on the arm of the chair she started to suck strongly at his shaft, working her wet mouth all the way from tip to base and back again. She tried to keep her lips as soft as possible which wasn't easy while taking the pounding from behind, all the while the orgasmic knot was tightening inside her. Suddenly she realised what she was doing, she was sandwiched between the two most important men in the household; while she bent over the chair one was fucking her hard from behind while the other was deep in her mouth. She was being taken by father and son, it felt so wrong and so dirty, but - strangely - what it didn't feel was degrading, somehow Alice currently felt like the most important woman in the house. She mused that she could stop whenever she wished and take away their pleasure, but she didn't, that would mean also taking away hers, and she wasn't about to do that now.

The first wave of her orgasm hit her suddenly, almost tipping her off balance, but the hands on her hips held firm. In fact they were so firm that the thrusting never stopped, the cock hammering into her just kept on going, which made the waves of pleasure so intense that she thought she might pass out; she simply held onto Sir Robert's shaft, her mouth clamped around it until the room came back into focus. Alice had no time to recover though.

"Right, lesson's over," said the older man. "I think it might have to be my turn, if you're happy with that my dear?"

Alice straightened up and the younger cock slipped out of her, followed by a small trickle of their collective juices. 'In for a penny' she thought to herself, and she turned towards the fire, placed her hands on the high mantle piece and spread her legs.

"Please do," she said, as the glowing warmth from the fire heated the front of her naked skin.

She heard him rise from the chair and position himself behind her, then with one rough hand on her waist she could feel him pointing his obviously more experienced cock at her well used entrance. He pushed it home in a way which was somehow gentler than his son, but at the same time was unstoppable. He immediately started up a powerful rhythm, now with both hands holding firmly at her waist. Thomas was good, and he was certainly more attractive but Sir Robert really knew how to fuck her. Alice could no longer feel each individual thrust penetrating her, but was more riding a tidal wave of pleasure, a feeling of total gratification. She stood there holding onto the warmed marble taking the pounding from him, thinking of nothing but the warmth between her legs.

After a while he stopped and withdrew from her, but in no time at all she felt another cock sliding into her, and the pounding started again, filling her and taking her back to the top of the wave. Alice had never felt quite like this before, all she could focus on was the warmth, the tightening and the feeling of utter satisfaction inside her.

Once again the shaft stopped its pounding and slipped from her only to be replaced by another. She couldn't believe they were taking turns to satisfy her, and now she had lost count, forgotten which was which; that feeling deep inside her was so strong that she could no longer tell them apart. Harder and harder they thrust into her, filling her, using her. The room faded from her until she could only see the fire place, then as it hit her Alice lost every part of her body. It was like she was no longer standing there, she was just floating, lifted off the floor by their thrusts into her. Every muscle in her body wound itself so tight it felt as though she was just a single point, then her orgasm exploded through her, ripping through those muscles and releasing them all at once, letting them float off into the air.

When she opened her eyes again Alice was looking at the ceiling. She could feel the soft sumptuous bedding under her back, and the feeling in her legs, which were being lifted apart by two strong arms. She looked down to see Thomas once again framed between her legs, he was still fucking her and he had a very serious look on his face, drips of sweat from the effort running down his cheeks. To her side was Sir Robert, he was looking straight into her eyes with a wide smile, and he was wanking his hard cock. Alice didn't think she could take another orgasm, especially if it was anything like the last one. But very quickly she could feel the pace inside her become more urgent, and the grip on her legs tighten. But to her surprise Sir Robert was the first to groan.

He steadied himself with a hand on the top of her head, while the other pulled at his cock as he sent stream after stream of cum across her breasts. It felt pleasantly warm and she couldn't resist gently rubbing it into her nipples. This pushed the young Thomas over the edge and he let out a loud cry as his shaft, deep inside her filled her with his hot cum. She could feel the heat within her, deep within her, and his pace slowed until he came to a stop, his cock buried in her cunt, his mouth gasping for breath.

The three of them stayed there for a while, as if frozen to the spot. Eventually Sir Robert broke the silence.

"Very good my dear, very good. You're quite the little slut when you want to be, aren't you."

Alice didn't know quite what to say, but ventured a "Thank you, Sir."

Sir Robert gave his son a look, and motioned towards the door. Without saying anything the two men pulled up their britches, fastened the buttons and left the room, carefully glancing down the corridor before shutting the door behind them.

Alice looked around the room and for the first time saw the wash pot next to the fire place. She carefully rolled off the bed again and padded over to the pot. Moving it a little further away from the fire she placed her knees either side of the pot and began to wash the two men's combined efforts from her. As she washed she thought of what had happened, how they had just used her like a whore and how much she had not resisted. She washed the cum from her breasts and as she did so in the warm glow of the fire, that warm glow within her started to grow again. She started to rub two fingers against her clit, very gently, just enough for her to feel. She didn't even know if she really wanted herself to cum, it was more that she wanted to feeling of this night to last a little longer.

There was a cough from the doorway and Alice froze, one hand still on her breast the other on her clit. She didn't have enough time to even consider what to do before she saw a familiar face at the door, it was Thomas. He glanced back out into the corridor before looking back at Alice again. He held out his hand towards her, and smiling he said "Come with me."

Alice didn't move. "Please," he added, his expression bright and warm.

She carefully stood up, picked up her dress and without looking back at the room she placed his hand in hers, and they slipped out of the room into the darkness of the corridor.