 It's another Friday evening, and I'm getting ready to go out for an evening of drinks and dancing with my 2 roommates after a long week. My name's Christine and I room with 2 guys, Dave and Troy. They're great guys, and we've been friends now for years, so we decided to split the cost of an apartment and room together for awhile. These two guys are my best friends, and we've shared with each other all the ups and downs of our various relationships. After all these years, our friendship seems to be the most enduring, and now all three of us are happily unattached. When we're not working, we spend most of our time together, and tonight was no exception.

We've never really thought of each other sexually, but we do get flirty with each other from time to time, and each of us has our own alluring assets that we can flaunt when we want. We sometimes get sexy and fresh with each other, but it's mostly just playing around. Sometimes we'll walk down the street together, with me in the middle holding each of their hands, one on either side. We sometimes get strange looks, and the occasional "hey, which one is the lucky guy?", but we just enjoy being together. 

And we like to check each other out sometimes too. To be honest, I've always enjoyed seeing how Troy and Dave fill out their shorts. Dave has an average build, and Troy is tall and lanky. They are both hot in their own way, and each has their different strengths. Dave is stockier and possesses a full and meaty crotch that is visible when he sits in the right position, and when I'm viewing from the right angle. Troy has a hot little ass and likes to show it off with tight pants. I also think he has a really long cock since I can sometimes see its outline through his tight jeans.

It has been a rough week, and we're all getting ready to go out for a night on the town. Dave and I are waiting for Troy to get ready and are just hanging around on the couch. Tonight I enjoy watching the shifting mound between Dave's legs as he sits there reading the paper. I try to imagine the shape of his cock and balls. His balls are obviously huge, seeing the way they fill out the crotch of his shorts. One thing I know about Dave as well was that he never wears underwear. "Too confining", he says. So I know that just one layer of cotton lay between my eyes and his hot manhood. Even better, when he shifts around crossing and uncrossing his legs, I can see the shape of his huge bulge change as his balls and cock move around. Sometimes I can even catch a glimpse up the side of his shorts of some of his balls and cock shaft. I am careful to be discrete so he doesn't know that I am looking. Tonight though, as I watch him, I'm starting to get horny and wet fantasizing about his meat. What would it be like to hold it, massage it, even take it in my mouth as I rub his hot body? 

Just then Dave walks into the room and he's looking good too. True to form, he has on his tight pants, and I enjoy watching him strut around the room, picking things up. I start wondering what it would be like to grab his bare ass and pull him into me as we fuck. Ok, maybe my imagination is getting a little carried away right now, driven by my growing wetness and engorging clit. I decide then and there to play a little game with my buddies. I want to see if I am as hot in their eyes as they are in mine, even if it is just friendly admiration. 

I start subtly, by getting up, and discretely adjusting my pants. I pull the waist up fairly high so the pant seam is riding up my crotch and into my ass crack. Then I sit down again, spreading my legs ever so discretely. I glance down at myself and can see my labia clearly protruding through my jeans and my newly tightened crotch. It looked hot, and even better, the front seam of my pant was rubbing up against my clit and making me feel even hornier. But I was careful not to start rocking my hips to further stimulate my clit since that might give me away.

After some time, I notice Dave and Troy are oblivious to my show, so I decide to turn it up a little. With my pants still high, I get up and start moving around the room, hoping they would notice. Shaking my slightly wedgied ass ever so slightly, and knowing that my labia was still clearly visible as I walked around. 

"You all ready to go?", Dave asks. 

"Hang on a minute," I say. "It's a little warm tonight and I don't want to sweat too much on the dance floor." 

I go into my bedroom to change my cloths and decide on a casual silky dress. This one is always a little more clingy than I feel totally comfortable in, but I wear this one when I want to feel hot and have others take some notice. And I do one more thing. I strip off my panties and bra too. Too hot outside, I reason. And besides, I want to shake it a little on the dance floor tonight with my guys. Then I come back into the room.

Dave looks up and takes notice, "Hey you look great, Christine. Can I get the first dance tonight?" 

"Sure thing, baby," I say, and smile wryly as we all shuffle off for drinks, one of them on each arm.

This night on the dance floor, I certainly do feel sexy, and am getting more attention than I anticipated. I even think Dave and Troy are getting a little jealous, since they both start hanging around me more closely at the bar, perhaps to keep other guys away. But the only two guys I want to turn on tonight are Dave and Troy, and I think it is finally beginning to happen. 

I know what each of my buddies likes. Dave is an ass man, and Troy likes nice boobs. I can give them each what they like, and they seem to start competing for my attention. 

Troy is in front of me now, and I can see him stealing glimpses down my bra-less blouse. I casually lean over a little as we laugh together to give him a better view, and I know my erect nipples are clearly visible. I've been told I have the most awesome nipples, as they get very long and erect when I get horny, and tonight I am. My nipples are pushing my dress out and making points in the silk, plus my boobs were shaking as we were dancing. I can now see the outline of Troy's cock and the shaft through his tight pants. He must be getting turned on, but he's not letting on. 

On the other side of me, Dave is sitting at the bar stool, his legs apart and his crotch mound nicely filling out his shorts. He's an ass man, so I was sure to shake my pantiless booty for him on the dance floor. At the bar, I "accidentally" back up into him from time to time, briefly pressing my soft butt cheeks into his thigh or balls. I know he is getting turned on because the mound in his pants is even larger than usual. I began to wonder if I would even be able to contain the size of his manhood if he were ever within me. But, I think, "hey, we're just having fun!"

After several more hours of drinking, talking, flirting, flashing and bumping against each other, my mind starts getting more serious about things. I am thinking, "These guys are hot, they turn me on, I turn them on, they are my best friends, so why not? To be honest with myself, I'd love to fuck them. Each one separately and, why not, even both together."

I was surprised by my thoughts, but as I begin to entertain them, my heart rate starts to increase and I realize my mind is actually getting serious about this and that this could actually happen. How could we start it? I wouldn't want to do one of my guys before the other, since that would hurt the guy who didn't get it first. Ok, so it's settled. I'll do them both at the same time. If they are game of course. I hope they don't think I'm a horny idiot or something. Let's see, there are two cocks, and I have at least three holes to put them, so that works out. Plus, we have three mouths and three tongues between us to round out the pleasure. Ok, time to move on with the evening. 

"Hey guys, it's getting kindda hot in here. What do you say we go home and turn up the music and have drinks there?", I innocently suggest.

Neither hesitates, and Dave blurts out, "Great idea!" Always the hornier one, he is.

When we get back to our apartment, Troy pulls off his shirt (it was hot outside after all!), we all kicked off our shoes, leaving them at the door as usual. I plop down on the couch, pulling my dress up a little to cool my legs off. Oh, and I also continue my flashing game by pulling my dress up a little too high so they can catch a glimpse of my pussy if they want. Dave notices first. He plops down across from me, pants tight against his crotch, slightly opening his legs, and showing the gap up his leg. I know if I shift my view a little, his balls will be fully visible. Then Troy comes up and sits down next to me, taking time to glance down my dress at my increasingly hard nipples. 

"So what tunes should I put on?", I excitedly ask.

Jumping up, I am sure to wiggle myself a bit from top to bottom. I put on some rock and start to dance for them. 

"You look so fucking hot Christine", Dave declares.

"You got that right", echoes Troy. 

"Hey guys, let's dance it up", I say, but as I spin around I lose my balance, fall down, and feel Dave reach out and grab me to break my fall. It was no disappointment to me that my head landed squarely in his lap, and I could feel his bulge under me like a meaty pillow. 

He starts stroking my head, asking "hey you alright baby?" 

"I am now", I say. 

Without knowing what I am doing, I start to press my head into his crotch and rub his balls back and forth with the side of my head. I don't know what he is going to do. Is he going to freak out and stop me? I can always feign dizziness. Instead, and to my delight, he starts to pull my head into him, pressing it into his crotch even more. I can feel his cock start to harden. I turn, look deep into his eyes with a serious and earthy gaze, turn my head, and started munching his mound through his shorts. His hardness increases rapidly and soon his erect cock is bulging under his cloths. 

"That's so hot Christine, and you look so beautiful," Dave says.

His words increase my heat and I slowing begin to unzip his pants, eventually freeing his cock, then his balls, one by one. They are magnificent, and I take each one into my mouth, like large tomatoes and roll them around with my tongue. Then I start to lick his shaft. 

I am now laying half on the floor and half in the chair, enjoying Dave, when I realize my dress has ridden up behind me and my ass is in clear view. It must have looked very inviting, because I begin to feel Troy come up behind me, first stroking my legs, then my thighs, then my ass. 

Troy asks, "Hey are we all ok with this?", but I was so into it already, and did not reply. 

Both my guys took that as a "yes" and then things begin to get even hotter. Troy begins to rub my ass, squeezing my round cheeks, spreading them open, and working his was down to my asshole. He passes over my anus with a flick, which sends a tingle up my spine, and then he moves straight to my cunt which is now dripping wet. His fingers part my pussy lips and slip past my labia into my silky dark wetness. As soon as his fingers hit my juice, I feel him relax. They both know now that I wanted this as much as they did. 

Troy begins pushing his fingers deep into me from behind. He starts with two fingers, sliding back and forth and spreading my pussy wetness everywhere as he pulls my juices out from within me. My pussy is so wet that he is able to easily slide in a third finger and pump his hand in and out, penetrating more deeply each time. With his other hand he reaches around and starts rubbing my clit. He pulls my wetness up to my clit and begins to push his fourth finger into my dripping cunt. I don't know if I can take a fourth finger, but I want it so bad. I start to arch my back to open my entrance wider, and shift a little to allow the additional size to penetrate and enter me. It does.

At the same time, Troy takes his clit stoking hand, and brings it around to the rear. He picks up some of my pussy juice, which is now starting to run down my leg, and uses it to lubricate and start rubbing my asshole. It is my first time having someone else do this to me, and the sensation was sooo intense. I'll do it to myself sometimes and imagine how I would pant if I ever had a full cock up there. I press my ass down toward him so he knows that I like it. Troy keeps rubbing, and occasionally begins to penetrate his wet finger into my asshole, feeling it's tight grip and gentle moving it in and out. 

I am so fucking horny now. Dave's cock is in my mouth, Troy's four fingers in my cunt, and his other finger teasing my asshole. I imagine how hot my cunt must look with my labia and skin pulling in and out, encompassing Troy's hand. He begins to go deeper into me now, and starts hitting my g-spot. I feel my cunt walls begin to quiver and begin to feel the increasing wetness of my build-up as my g-spot is poked. Just then, I begin coming hard and start spraying my wetness all over Troy, covering him with my love juice. I am a little embarrassed at first, but his response soothes me. 

"That is so fucking hot Christine, I want to eat you and all your wetness," he pants.

The next thing I feel is Troy's tongue parting my pussy lips from behind, taking the place of his fingers. I am so fucking wet down there, and then he starts moaning. I start feeling and hearing him slurping up my juice and then listen as he swallows it, moaning deeply! It is so hot knowing that my juice is sliding around his throat.

At the same time, I am still working on giving Dave head. His cock is everything I imagined it to be and his balls are so huge and exciting. I am massaging his balls with both my hands, while working on his cock shaft and head with my mouth and tongue. I feel like I am worshiping his cock, with both my hands and mouth all working on him at the same time. I can look up into his eyes and see the pleasure it is giving him, which turns me on even more. After my long tongue strokes up his shaft, I take his plump cock head into my mouth and began sucking on it hard. This sends quivers through his body and proclamations of "Ohhh yes, Christine, yesss." 

I keep sucking on his cock head and feel his pre-cum starting to ooze. It tastes earthy and sweet. I play with it in my mouth and want more. I begin to suck even harder to draw more of it out of his cock. Then I begin to take more of his cock into my mouth, slowly lubricating his full shaft with my saliva, sucking and spitting him into and out of my mouth. We are making such sexy noises, which turns the heat up even more. The suction sounds fill the air and I hope the neighbors can't hear! His cock is so big that at times I think I am going to gag, but at this moment, I don't care. 

Dave begins to get more and more wet with pre-cum, and his increasing love juice is mixing in my mouth with my saliva. As I draw his cock out of my mouth to catch my breath, the strings of his pre-cum are hanging between his cock and my wide open jaw. It looks so cool, and I wish I had a camera. I plunge my head back down on him, deep throating his shaft, and see Dave roll his eyes back.

I am feeling very sexy now, having a 3-some with two of by best friends. I feel like a taken woman, sucking one guy from the front, and getting eaten by another from the rear. I totally submit myself to this horny fest, and feel good about giving myself this way. This is so hot, 3 horny friends, panting with passion, dripping with wetness, and loving every second of it. My two best friends inside my body, and all giving each other pleasure and exchanging our sexy love juices. Dave's cock is filling my mouth to overflowing. My jaw is opened so damned wide, but I just keep sucking and sucking, kneading his balls. 

Troy has now finished his eager cunnilingus (and as the saying goes, "eating me like he means it"). He raises himself up, his mouth smiling and glistening with my pussy cum, and he begins stripping off his tight jeans. He fumbles with his fly, and I know he is a raging stallion now. His eyes show his passion and I know he will give me a good fuck. As he strips, I see for the first time his beautiful and incredibly long cock emerge from his jeans. If I wasn't busy at the moment pleasuring Troy, I would love to go down on him and suck him good. His cock would make me gag for sure, but that will have to wait for the next time we are all together. 

Troy comes up behind me and begins to insert his cock head and long shaft into my blazing and dripping cunt. My incredible wetness offers his cock no entry resistance, and I shift and position myself on all fours to better open my pussy up as wide as possible, to give him the deepest penetration opening. And man, is he penetrating me. Long, slow, deep thrusts. His shaft is so long, and his length seems to never end as it slides in and out of me. I have never been before been penetrated so deeply and it feels so fucking good. I can see my abs move as he thrusts in and out of me, and know by that how fucking deep he is in my body. I reach down and start to rub my throbbing clit.

There is only one possible outcome here; I knew my 2 friends' cum is soon going to spew into me and fill me from both ends. Just the thought of their cum filling me and dripping from me at both ends makes move grind my hips and suck even harder. And it is so hot thinking about all my pussy juice dripping down Troy's mouth and throat right now. The thought of my cum down his throat throws me over the top and I begin to feel the building orgasm in my pussy walls. My cock muffled groans push Dave over the top as well and I feel his cock begin to spasm in my mouth.

At that moment, Dave begins exploding his cum into me in a torrent of his orgasmic release. He is so deeply in my mouth that there is nothing I can do but swallow his ribbons of cum straight down my throat, but I want to savor some too. As he's blasting into me, I swallow most of it, but keep a lot in my mouth to savor the taste and texture. And I want him to see me playing with it. I lick my lips with my cum covered tongue, and he holds me closer. I open my mouth, twirling the cum with my tongue, playing with the slippery texture of the earthy nectur. It tastes sweet, like the wine he was drinking. And just moments ago, it was in those beautiful balls. I begin savoring the taste, closing my eyes, swishing it in my partly opened mouth, and then swallowing the last drops down. I return to milk and suckle Dave's cock.

Thinking about what we're doing, my pussy walls begin to violently contract, providing the most amazing orgasmic sensation. My contractions in turn set Troy over the top. I feel his body begin to shudder and his monster cock repeatedly plunging deep into me. His cock begins to swell and pulsate, and he begins gushing his hot cum into my body. 

The three of us keep sucking and sliding until the pulsating orgasmic contractions finally began to ebb. We then begin to slow the hungry rhythmic pace, and milk out a few more final orgasmic pulses before we all collapse on top of each other, drenched, sated and happy. We are best friends, and nothing is going to change that now.

The End