 My cock was hardening again as I began to play with Nita's swollen clit, causing her to moan with pleasure again. Suddenly, I heard a voice, "Yo, P, where you at?" It was the voice of one of my military partners, Big D, also a member of our self-proclaimed "Ménage a Trois" club, who I had speed dialed fifteen minutes ago per our pre-arranged plan. The "Club" was a group of guys who had agreed that, whenever possible, they would cajole and seduce women into three-way sex with other "club members" whenever possible. I chose Big D because Nita had met him once and I knew, just from the way she had looked at him, that she was attracted to him. 

Big D was a fair-skinned Black man, 6'2", 205 pounds and all of it solid muscle, who looked good in his Naval officers uniform. He had no problems attracting women and, individually, he and I had increased the number of "club conquests" considerably. Sensing that she might find Big D appealing, I later did some innocent questioning. Nita blushed and admitted that he was a well-built military man and that, if she was not married, he would be of interest to her. I knew that if I could get her hot enough and out of control, I could overwhelm her inhibitions and, with Big D's assistance, make her a new "club" conquest. "Come on back, D," I yelled through the door. 

Nita protested weakly, "Noooooo . . . ," but then I slipped an 8" penis shaped gel vibrator from the night stand drawer and, upon turning it on, slipped it into her well-lubricated cunt. Nita's response was immediate; her squealing moan combined with involuntary thrashing and rotating of her luscious hips and she exploded in another climax. Now she was completely out of control as her juicy cunt began to come involuntarily. "Listen, Nita Baby," I said to the lust filled wife-slut, "You know that you're attracted to him. Might as well give you all the pleasure you can stand this evening."

As Big D walked into the bedroom, his eyes grew large when he saw his buddy lying in bed with Nita's naked, moaning body next to him, her hand wrapped tightly around my swollen dong, with thick, milky white cum dripping from between her well-developed, wide-spread and well-fucked legs as well as out of the corners of the woman's well-fucked mouth, writhing uncontrollably with a large vibrator pistoning in and out of her well-lubricated cunt. I smiled, "Want some?" Grinning, Big D wasted no time in stripping out of his clothes. Nita gasped gently as she looked at Big D's huge penis, almost eleven inches long, hard and throbbing, with a bulbous head and a massive set of balls almost hidden by a huge tangled mass of pubic hair. 

Grasping the woman's wrists, the stud twisted Nita onto her stomach and soon had her magnificent ass backed up against the big bulge between his legs, grinding his long, large shaft into the groaning woman's full, well-separated asscrack. Big D groaned from the pleasure of his organ enclosed by the soft, warm fleshiness of Nita's well-rounded buttocks. Reaching around to her large ebony breasts, he grasped her dark-brown inch-long nipples and began to gently massage them between his fingers with unbridled pleasure. 

Flipping her onto her back, the stud dropped to his knees and began fingering her cunt, first one finger, then three and finally, he began fisting the sexy woman, her groans and screams turning him. Meanwhile, I returned from my den with a camcorder and set up the tripod for what would be one of the most erotic amateur fuck flicks I had ever filmed. The lust-filled Nita was completely out-of-control, her lust driving the soon to be gang-banged beautiful black wife-slut beyond reason. The stud grasped Nita's small hand and, forcing her to grasp his huge cock, started to make her jack his swelling prick. Grasping her head with his other hand, he forced her head down onto his cock so that she could lick and jack his cock at the same time. "Open your mouth as wide as you can, Nita Baby," commanded the stud and she did as she was told, trying to place as much of the head of his cock in her widely stretched mouth. 

The stud grimaced with perverse pleasure and he forced the sexy woman to bob her head up and down the thick shaft, taking in as much of his thick male sausage as she could into her already well-fucked mouth. Big D grasped her head, her long, thick dark shoulder length hair swinging back and forth as he thrust into her mouth as hard as he could. I watched as the stud's look of wicked bliss as he forced Nita's head back and forth on his swollen cock, making the beautiful woman deep-throat him at his will. His ebony shaft glistened with her saliva as Big D looked down at the wife-slut's bobbing head, enjoying the pleasurable sucking sounds of another man's woman licking and sucking his cock!

Having set up the camcorder recording the hot sex action, I resumed my role in this perverse three-way, sucking Nita's swollen clit while she was forced to suck Big D's cock. The black beauty began to moan in ecstasy as she felt the first throes of a new orgasm produced by the tongue lashing of her sensitive clitoris. 

Meanwhile Big D groaned, "Damn, Bitch, you too good . . .making me cummmmm!" as Nita began to feel the changes in the stud's body. She tried to pull away, but the stud's strong hands forced her to continue sucking and jacking his cock, milking the large slab of meat with her lips and hand. Suddenly he jerked and Nita felt the first blasts of white hot jism from a new cock shoot into her unprotected throat, loads of cum flooding her entire mouth. The stud groaned, continuing to thrust wildly, enjoying everything about Nita's forced mouth fucking while she was made to swallow as much fluid as she could from the stud's hot fountain of cum. 

Finally, Big D pulled Nita away from his pulsing cock and, pushing her back onto the bed, he took his massive tool and rubbed it around the woman's soft face. Suddenly he stopped, then, looking at me with an evil smile, he placed his massive tool at the opening of the woman's juicy sex hole and began to press inwards. 

"Urrrhhh . . . Urrhhh!" groaned the beautiful hot piece of flesh as both studs watched Big D's huge cock penetrate Nita's hot hole, her large cunt lips bending inwards as his big black shaft forced its way deep into her well-lubricated cunt. 

"Ohhhhh . . . Noooooo . . .,"moaned the hot bitch, "Your peter . . . too big . . . too bigggg!" as her pussy made loud, wet slurping signs and slowly began to accept Big D's big cock. Her big thighs were slick with pussy juice being dripped from her well-fucked cunt. Nita's eyes closed as, against her will, her pussy began to beg for the sensation of Big D's enlarged cock. I could tell that she had never experienced the feeling his massive penis was giving her and she was becoming aroused all over again, this time by another strange cock. The sight of her huge brown breasts swinging back and forth with the force of Big D's thrusts caused both our cocks to grow another inch. 

As I watched through the camcorder's viewfinder, Big D grabbed Nita's ankles and spread her big legs apart, slamming his pole of flesh between the thick brown cunt lips deep into the woman's now sucking, sexually aroused pussy. As Nita moaned, her sex hole widened obscenely, but continued the slow process of gratefully accepting the stud's big monster. 

The look on Big D's face said it all; every man recognizes the look of complete erotic pleasure as a huge swollen penile monster is forced into a woman's juicy tight cunt. There are no words capable of describing a woman's moans of pleasure, her squeals begging you to continue pushing it into her, yet pressing her soft hands against your pistoning hips because you are giving her too much cock, trying to stop you from introducing any more rock hard cock into her vaginal passageway which only increases your lust filled perverse pleasure, so you continue the forced invasion until your big monstrosity is buried in her cunt up to the root. 

As she writhed and moaned, I saw that expression on Big D's face as he began slow, steady merciless pounding, his huge balls slowly slapping against the woman's large buttocks that began to increase in rhythm and tempo. The moans and screams of pleasure coming from another man's wife were the epitome of superior sexing and the height of erotic pleasure as the wild stud fucked another man's woman right!

Suddenly, Nita came with a great scream, bucking her hips involuntarily against the pistoning hips of the stud. Her body was shaking with orgasmic convulsions before her fine brown form limp, the woman whimpering with pleasure. Nita's dark brown inch-long nipples were standing erect as Big D continued to fuck her with long deep strokes that now caused moans of pleasure with each thrust. 

Suddenly, stopping his sexual assault of Nita's luscious body, Big D withdrew his cock from her pussy and fell on his back on the bed. "Sit on my shit, Bitch!" he commanded and Nita obeyed, sitting upwards so that her back faced his chest, and gently squatted downward until she was impaled on Big D's meaty sword of flesh! 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh!" groaned the married woman as she began to rotate on the huge penile shaft with unleashed pleasure, driving the thrusting shaft deep into the juicy innards between her big black legs. Big D showed the horny slut-wife no mercy, thrusting up high into Nita's juicy cunt. Uncontrollable screams and moans were now coming from the slut-wife's beautiful lips as the stud now took pleasure in making her obey his every command. 

"Say my name, Nita Baby. Say it!" he commanded. "Big D!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" moaned the sex crazed woman. "Tell me to fuck your big legs, Nita!" said the stud, winking for the camera as Nita, caught up in her sexual hunger, seemed to be completely oblivious to everything except the huge piece of meat in her juicy cunt between her deliciously well-shaped legs. 

"Please . . . ," moaned the wild woman, "Please fuck me, Big D! Fuck meeeeeeeeeee!" My partner obliged the pleas of the woman by pumping all of his inches into the lust-filled woman. "Can your old man do it like me?" snarled the stud. Back came Nita's breathless reply, "Oh nooooo . . .Big D . . No one fucks me like you!" "Whose pussy is this, Nita Baby?" "It's yours, Big D, it's yours . . .it's your pussy, ohhhhh . . . .fuck it hard!" 

The stud grinned at the whirring camcorder and me with pleasure while continuing to fuck the sexy bitch, her huge breasts rising up and down with his forceful fucking thrusts. Big D drove his huge meaty projectile deep into the wet inner sex orifice between Nita's big thighs, his cock being coated with sex juice flowing from the woman's well-lubricated cunt. Both of us were enjoying listening to the pleasure-filled groans of another man's wife, knowing that every hole she had was ours and would be fucked hard by both of her studs tonight!

I stood pumping my huge pole while I watched the live sex show being put on by my partner and the lust-filled Nita. "Damn, P," said Big D, breathing heavily with the sexual exertion of fucking another man's big-legged bitch "You gonna get in on this good shit or not. She's got two more holes, fuck one of them!" 

Grinning, I stepped up and checked to ensure that I was at a good angle for the camcorder. Grasping the back of the beautiful, dark haired woman's head, I turned Nita's head towards my crotch, thrust my big organ into the woman's hot, juicy wet mouth and groaned – Nita was a pro at sucking big cocks! She licked and sucked my succulent tube steak all over, breathlessly panting as she deep-throated the huge member, groaning with pleasure and passion as Big D continued fucking her big, beautiful legs. 

It was clear that Nita's passions were aroused even greater than ever as she enjoyed the size, heft, and masculine smell of the two male organs invading her body. She was now wild with lust as, for the first time in her life, she enjoyed her first three-way, sexing two men at the same time, one in her mouth and the other in her cunt. Both studs were now giving her what she needed and wanted – More cock!

It was an erotic sight. A groaning dark-haired, big-breasted black woman sitting on top of one stud's huge cock, her beautiful brown thighs spread wide, thrusting back and forth, while another rotated his swollen member in and out of her sucking mouth. Both studs looked down with erotic excitement at the woman that was giving both of them greater pleasure than they had experienced in some time. 

"Urrrrrhhhhhh . . .Uggggghhhhhh!" grunted the sexy black bitch, forced back and forth by the studs' vigorous sex motion. Nita knew at this point that she was nothing more than a receptacle for the studs' sexual fantasies and pleasure and she didn't care. 

I looked down at her and her glazed, lust filled eyes said Nita didn't give a damn about her husband right now, only about getting fucked, getting more cock and getting it now. She was being made to feel like a whore and loved feeling like a porn star between the two big cocks as her pussy and mouth were being stretched by her hot studs, a sex-crazed slut wife doing whatever was necessary to satisfy herself and her partners. 

The sight was too erotic and our cocks swelled so hard with passion that they felt like rocks, the lust in our loins being sated only by Nita's animalistic sucking and fucking! Suddenly, both of us began to spasm uncontrollably. "Oh, Bitch!," grunted Big D, "Get ready 'cause I'm 'bout to cummmmmm!" as his rock hard crotch slammed against the woman's big black thighs. Nita screamed as the stud's huge member embedded itself deep in her tightly stretched cunt all the way up to the balls. 

At the same time, Nita had me groaning with her expert cock-sucking skills. "Oh Nita Baby . . .Come on," I grunted, "Suck my shit, Baby, just like you suck your husband's big dick. Suck!" I commanded as I began to feel my jism stirring in my swollen balls. 

As Nita's mouth slipped over my cock, I groaned with pleasure for the umpteenth time, my hands grasping the married woman's long haired head as she sucked me into her well-fucked mouth. Both studs groaned as they watched their very own video slut-wife suck and fuck both of them, a pervert's dream cum true! 

"You like sucking the big cock, Nita Baby?" I grunted, "Like sucking another man's cock other than your husband's?" Back came Nita's muffled reply, "Oh yes, Baby. Tastes so good!" Her full sweet lips twisted tightly and wildly around the long dong, her passion growing as fast as my blood engorged member, sucking me like a woman possessed. 

Suddenly Nita groaned as she felt both studs grunt and start to explode inside her. She groaned as she felt Big D's huge meaty penis flooding her cunt, hosing her vagina down with gobs of cum exploding from its spraying cockhead. "Damn, Bitch," snarled the stud, "you are the shit!" as he roughly grasped Nita's beautiful hips and slammed his cock deep into the beautiful girl's cunt, his pole gripped tight by her tight, but juicy pussy. 

Then she felt me groan as the sight of her and Big D, combined with her incredible oral sex skills, caused me to lose all control and, with one jerk, I flooded her mouth with a river of hot white cum. My cock continued jerking in her wonderful mouth, continuing to send rivers of cum into her hot oral cavity, dripping down her throat while I grunted and groaned the entire time. My cock was out of control, continually spraying so much cum into Nita's mouth that she couldn't swallow it fast enough and it began to drip from the corners down onto her delicate cheeks. 

Finally, we were spent and withdrew our penises from the woman's lips and cunt, both dripping with Nita's saliva or/and pussy juices, and looked back at the sexy prize we had used on my bed, now gasping and unable to move after the banging that she had received. Slapping each other five, we both got what we wanted: to gang-bang another beautiful woman and use our cocks to transform her into the slut we needed to satisfy our perverse desires.

The next day, Big D and I reviewed the video of our orgy. We both agreed that no commercial video slut we had ever seen could hold a candle to Nita. She was the most incredible and naturally talented slut we had seen in a while and it was clear that we had been fucked by Nita as much as we had fucked her. 

Afterwards, we went out for breakfast and, while we were there, Nita walked in. She didn't see us over in the corner, but we appreciated her – her shoulder-length hair loose and flowing all over the place. She wore a pair of white shorts which could hardly contain her fleshy, jutting ass and beautiful large legs that had been well-fucked last night. She appeared to walk almost spread-eagled, her pussy and ass obviously still sore and recovering from last night's extended group sex session and the extended/relentless cock pounding she had received from the two of us. 

As she walked past a group of college students, they looked at her and, after she had passed, said, "Damn, that bitch is the shit! She's got to be good in the rack!" Big D and I could hardly contain our grins as we winked at each other. Back at my place, I made a copy of the tape for him and later that evening, the "Club" viewed the tape at my house. We all agreed that we'd all have to have a turn at Nita and soon!