 When I first met Michelle, I knew that I would need to fuck her or I just wouldn't feel satisfied with our friendship. As I was new on Campus, and only knew a handful of people, I had to play it low key until the time was right (for both of us). On the first Wednesday, after lectures had finished, I waited outside the building until Michelle came out. She looked as beautiful as ever. Michelle has the sort of figure that she could easily pass off wearing jeans and a figure hugging t-shirt, or something a little more… well, risqué. 

I called out to her, and although engaged in a conversation with her roommate (who the guys called 'Pepper'), Michelle looked over, smiled, whispered something in Pepper's ear then came over to me. We exchanged small talk before arranging to meet that evening for dinner and a movie. I could hardly wait to see her again, and from the strain I could feel in my pants, my prick could hardly wait to be freed.

As I showered for the date, I lathered myself with soap, and just thinking about Michelle, my cock sprung to attention, and begged to be satisfied (for the first time that night). I furiously wanked off as I pictured Michelle's mouth, warm and knowingly taking my cock and pleasuring me as I desired. I could feel my balls getting ready, and I shot my load whilst imagining my tongue buried deep inside her lovely pussy.

I knocked on the door to Michelle and Pepper's room, and was surprised when Pepper opened the door, flushed and wearing only a baggy varsity t-shirt (which she'd obviously scored after one of the guys had scored with her) and what I gathered were white cotton underwear. Pepper rambled on about Michelle being in the bathroom, and should be out in a minute and to take a seat. We sat on the sofa, and casually chatted about what each of us was studying and where we hoped to go with our degrees.

Michelle came out, and almost instantaneously I felt my temperature rise and prick stiffen. She had her long jet black hair pulled back into a braid, and wore a tight red dress that left almost nothing to the imagination. Michelle kissed Pepper on the cheek, whispered in her ear and we were out the door. We got as far as the parking lot when she told me she'd forgotten something and needed to go back to the room. Michelle took my hands, cupped them around her firm full breasts and told me, that if I waited here for her, I'd get the rest later. I could hardly wait! While Michelle walked away from me, I took the opportunity to rub myself through my jeans. My cock was aching for a damn good fucking, and I could tell from Michelle's tone, that she would keep her promise.

Ten minutes passed before I thought about going back up to the room, so I headed up again, thinking that we'd already missed out on getting tickets to the movies. As I reached the door, I could hear soft moans coming from inside the room, they faintly sounded like Pepper whimpering Michelle's name in a breathless fashion. My imagination ran wild, wanting to know what was going on behind that door, I knocked gently and called in a hushed voice that I was coming in. As I opened the door, I couldn't believe my eyes. There on the sofa was Pepper, laid out all naked with a dildo crammed inside her shaved cunt and Michelle stroking her clit and working on Pepper's small but perky tits. Pepper was using her left hand to move the dildo in and out of her soaking hole. Michelle turned, looking startled, then smiled at me and motioned for me to join them. The fucking roommates. This was every guy's heaven. I took off my shirt and jeans, leaving only my boxer shorts to constrain my enlarged cock. There was a wet patch where my pre-cum had oozed from Michelle's earlier promise.

I kneeled next to Michelle, taking her dress, and pulling it up above her hips, finding that she too, wore no underwear. I slide my fingers along her snatch, it was slippery and had a very feminine aroma about it, which was enough to make me dizzy with want. I gently parted her thighs, her pussy lips, and licked from the top of her clit right along to her asshole, and back up again. This seemed to drive Michelle wild and she soon started grinded herself against my tongue. I took two fingers, and probed them deep inside her cunt. It was so tight as she squeezed against my fingers, bucking, so I started to move them in and out a little faster.

I could hear Pepper cumming hard now, with Michelle's fingers working her clit and that dildo she was using to fuck herself. My cock was harder than it had ever been and I could feel the pre-cum oozing out. Pepper saw my prick, and almost immediately, re-arranged herself so that she could suck me off. Her soft lips encircled the head of my cock, and she flicked her tongue in a snake like fashion all over the tip before taking me deep into her mouth, and down her throat. I moved and gently caressed her head, not once taking any effort away from bringing Michelle off with my tongue and other hand. These two women were amazing, and I was having the time of my life. Pepper was about to make me cum, but I wanted more than a little head, so offered my rock hard cock to Michelle, who immediately repositioned herself, head buried in Pepper's lovely wet snatch and waving her ass in the air. I took my cock, slid it along Michelle's cunt, and could almost feel her pussy muscles trying to suck me into her. I slowly eased my cock inside her, until it was buried deep, then I started to move, in a fashion that seemed to make even Pepper moan from where she was. I would push myself in as hard and as deep as I could go, with Michelle's lovely pussy massaging me ever fraction of the way, and as I was on an outward movement, Michelle took that time to give Pepper a good working over. I could tell by the squirms and breathing that Pepper, again, was going to cum.

Michelle started moaning, pumping herself back on my rod, as though she could not get enough of my cock, wanting it harder and faster than was humanly possible. I took this opportunity to dip a finger in alongside my cock, then took it and eased it up inside her asshole. Just at that moment Michelle let out a might scream, but not to stop, rather to fuck her ass. Well you can imagine at this stage I was ready to cum, but I took my well lubed prick and eased it into her asshole. The tightness almost blew my mind immediately. I could feel her muscles clamping down all around me, and knew that I wouldn't be far off shooting my load now. She pushed herself against me, and went rigid, I knew she was cumming hard, as Pepper continued to finger herself while her roommate was getting the ass fucking of her life.

I pounded my meat into her a few more times, before I let loose and shot my load deep inside her asshole. Michelle went wild with the feeling of a new heat entering her secret hole. As I pulled out I could hear Pepper cumming hard with her right hand jammed up inside her pussy. I gently moved around Michelle, and commenced licking and chewing away at Pepper's beautiful clit, to help her on her way. I knew I would be rewarded later if I helped her out a little.

Pepper's juices mingled in my mouth and after the three of us had had our fair share of fucking, sucking and licking that night, we feel into a trance like sleep there on the sofa. Waking throughout the night to my prick being sucked, or visions of these two fucking roommates eating each other out.

I knew that I had definitely made some good friends that night, and we continued to "meet" frequently for a very good time.