 With thanks to Gia Paloma for her cheating schoolgirl porno which gave me the idea.

*****

For the next week I saw Lucy Bonetti in home room, but I didn't see her round the school or on the roof outside my window. I couldn't stop thinking about watching her violated by the two guys on the roof in the hot sun.

And who were the guys? I hadn't seen them round school either.

In my second week at the school I was asked to supervise two student teachers. Zac and Seth were first year trainee teachers having their first opportunity to see a classroom in action. And as their luck would have it, they got me.

Still, I did what I could for them and showed them the ropes. They were only just out of high school themselves, just a year or two older than the seniors they were observing.

We got on well. Zac and Seth were funny and as I was only a few years older we went to a bar most afternoons after school and drank away our frustrations at life, the universe, lack of pussy, and everything.

I supervised them for two weeks. Everything went without incident until towards the end of the second week. I'd set an exam for my senior class and one of the senior girls had failed to turn up, so I set her a make-up exam. She was cheerleading and could only make it after school so I arranged for her to come to the home room after the other students had left. Zac and Seth had their reports to write up so I told them they could work up the back while Tracey Halliday completed her exam.

Tracey Halliday was trouble. She made every excuse to avoid exams, homework and every other school commitment. She said the cheerleading kept her busy.

And because she was sex on legs, as the boys called her, she got away with murder.

I wasn't keen to stay back after school and I said so when she arrived ten minutes late. She'd come straight from cheerleading and was still wearing her tight skirt and top with her bare midriff showing, and her sports shoes and long white socks.

"Is this really fucking necessary, teach?" she said, swirling gum round her mouth.

"Sit up the back, do the exam, and we can all go home as soon as possible," I said, handing her the papers. 

She turned, her ponytail swinging. I couldn't help noticing how good her ass looked in the tight skirt.

"Hi guys," she said, spying Zac and Seth at the back. "What are you in for?"

I couldn't help laughing at her insolence. The guys joined in. Tracey sat, took out a pen, sucked it, and gazed down at the exam paper. I pretended to busy myself with work, but I noticed she wasn't writing. And then, when she thought I wasn't looking, I saw her lift her skirt, and reach into her panties. Was she jerking off? I mean, what was going on?

I walked down the room casually to see what she was up to. Zac and Seth were busy working and hadn't noticed anything. I stood behind Tracey and realised there were some scraps of paper on the ground round her desk. I bent down beside her, getting an eyeful of her tits as I did, and picked up a paper. On it she had written cheat notes. And under her chair were other notes she'd discarded. I picked up a few more. These smelled odd. I handed some to Zac and Seth, who were watching events now, and asked them what they thought.

"What the fuck?" I said. "Tracey. What's going on?"

I noticed Zac was sniffing one of the notes. He handed it to Seth who sniffed it too. They both smiled.

"I don't know what you mean, teach," she said. "I don't know what those papers are."

Zac stepped up to the desk and handed me a note.

"Sniff it," he said. "What does that smell like?"

I sniffed and it came to me.

"Pussy," I said. "Tracey. Stand up."

She stood, placing her hands on her hips defiantly. Standing that way her blouse opened, her full breasts proud.

"Walk over to my desk," I said, putting my hand on her ass and applying some pressure. She did as she was told. I pushed her against the desk, and bent her over. Her short skirt rode up and crammed into her tiny red thong were dozens of pieces of paper.

"Are you telling me you came into this exam to cheat with your notes in your thong?"

Tracey, still bent over the desk with her ass in the air and her skirt round her waist, just turned her head and looked sheepish. Zac and Seth were beside me now and I couldn't help noticing they were getting an eyeful. In fact, when I glanced down I could see the bulges in their pants as the sight of Tracey Halliday's ass in the air excited them.

My cock was swelling now too. Tracey wasn't helping by wriggling her ass a little, and pulling her skirt higher.

"Stop that," I said, but I reached down, grabbed her hips and helped her up onto the desk until she was kneeling, head down and ass up in our faces. Then I grabbed her thong with both hands and pulled it down her thighs to her bent knees. Pieces of paper went everywhere, and now I could see there were even some shoved into her pussy. I pushed Tracey's head down onto the desk with one hand and with the other, I thrust my fingers into her pussy and extracted the papers.

"You little fucking cheat," I said. "Not to mention hygiene. Hasn't anyone ever told you not to shove things into your cunt?"

"Please sir," she said, squirming as my fingers penetrated her. And then as my fingers found a sweet spot, "Ohhh, sir, please."

My cock was straining now and I could only imagine what Zac and Seth were thinking. Here they were in a classroom after hours with a near naked girl and her teacher feeling around in her pussy. But they didn't give me long to wonder as I realised Zac and Seth had their cocks out and were stroking themselves vigorously.

"Lock the door," I said. "Quickly."

Zac, cock swinging, ran across the room and did as I said.

"Tracey," I said, "I think it's time you were taught a lesson." 

I withdrew my fingers from her pussy and lowered my face instead. Her ass was sweaty from cheerleading. I pushed my face between her ass cheeks and licked my way down across her asshole to her pussy. She was red and dilated from my fingering. I slipped my tongue into her cunt as far as I could. She was sweet and earthy. And as I tongued her I could feel her squirming against me, and hear her soft mewing and sighing.

I came up for air a couple of times and then went back down. I could see Zac and Seth beside me, still stroking.

"Here we have, gentlemen," I said, standing up, her juices fresh on my lips, "a perfect example of high school cheerleader pussy."

They laughed.

"And I think you know what we're going to do."

"Make the fucking most of it," said Zac. He undid his belt, dropped his trousers, stepped round to the other side of the desk and offered Tracey his swollen cock. She took him into her mouth, sucking noisily. I stepped back and let Seth at her ass. He had also divested himself of trousers, but rather than fuck her immediately, he slapped and pinched her before leaning down to tongue her as I had.

I moved round the desk to where Zac had his fat cock down her throat. She was bending forward supporting herself on her elbows meaning Zac had to bend his knees to fuck her mouth comfortably.

"Roll over, you slut," I said. The guys withdrew and I helped Tracey roll over, removing her top at the same time. She had smooth round tits and as I lay her down on her back, I leaned down and kissed them both. Then I took the chair cushion for underneath, so she could arch back and give Zac a smooth entry to her mouth. He recommenced mouth fucking her and Seth did the same with his tongue in her ass. I decided kissing her tits was an insufficient punishment, so pinched and slapped them both until she gasped.

"You need to understand (slap) you cute little cock tease (slap) that cheating will not happen in my class. Do you understand?"

She made to speak but Zac's cock was working away between her lips, so she just grunted. I rearranged the cushion a little so that her head fell back at right angles, and Zac could thrust into her throat right down to his balls. She took his repeated thrusts without complaining or gagging. It was beautiful to watch, so I placed her left hand on my cock and started her stroking me, all the while enjoying Zac's skilful reaming of her mouth. One some thrusts I could even see the head of his cock rising in her throat.

Seth had finished his oral preparations and had placed his cock against her cunt lips. With cock in hand, he was rubbing and slapping his fat red tool against her glistening pink flesh.

"Guys,"I said. "If we're going to teach this slut a lesson, I think we should tell her what we're going to do to her."

Telling a girl about my plans for her violation has always been my greatest turn-on. Tell her you're going to fuck her mouth or her pussy or her ass, tell her in great detail, and then do it. And hearing Zac and Seth tell her was an even greater turn-on.

At my prompting, the two trainee teachers commenced reciting their plans. Meanwhile having her stroke my hard cock was bringing me to a crescendo and I realised I needed it throbbing inside one of her holes and not just in her hand. Zac swapped places with me. I looked down at her upside-down face.

"Tracey," I said. "You are going to suck my cock. You are going to keep sucking until I decide you can stop. You are going to look me in the eyes as my cock slides between your sweet lips and down your throat. Do you understand?"

She nodded and opened wide.

"Good girl," I said, and placed my cock head onto her upper lip. She licked the head and then took me into her mouth, slowly, eyes on mine the whole time. But then I thrust myself fully into her mouth and throat, taking her by surprise, until my balls sat on her nose and I could just see her eyes on either side of my fact red shaft. They were watering and as I held my cock deep in her throat, she gagged.

"What did I tell you? And keep your eyes on me."

She gagged a little more, but caught me in her gaze, and I relented, slipping out a little. She caught her breath and I plunged in again.

"Zac," I said as I pounded away, "I think her tits need some attention."

He climbed onto the desk and straddling Tracey, knelt on his haunches and placed his cock between her tits. Then pinching her nipples he rocked back and forward so he could titfuck her. Seth by now had his cock in her pussy and was hammering away, slapping her butt in time with his rhythm, her legs hanging off the desk and swinging in time as well. We worked away for a few minutes, Zac and Seth keeping up the banter and Tracey grunting around my cock.

"Two cocks in your pussy," I heard Seth say.

Good idea, I thought, not yet tiring of watching my cock slide between her lips and into her throat, looking for the rise and fall at her neck each time I bottomed out. But that meant one of us lying on the desk. I backed out of her mouth. 

"Zac, let's go with two cocks in the pussy. You lie on the desk."

Tracey sat up and wiped her mouth. She just sat legs apart looking at us as if she could go all night. I love a challenge. Zac lay on the desk and I caught Tracey round the waist and helped her up onto her haunches.

"Just lower yourself onto his cock," I said. "He'll fuck your pussy and I'll fuck your ass first. And Seth can fuck your mouth so we don't have to put up with your squealing."

"My ass?" she said. "OK but take it easy."

"Easy," I said. "We'll take what we like."

Tracey lowered herself onto Zac's cock. I let myself have the indulgence of feeling him enter her. He didn't flinch when I touched his cock to finger her pussy lips as she went down on him. Then with Seth taking up position at her face, I worked my fingers into her ass to loosen her up.

"Do you want me to fuck your ass, Tracey?"

But she couldn't reply as Seth had parked himself fully in her face.

So with Zac penetrating her and thrusting slightly, and Seth rocking at her mouth, I slid my cock inch by inch into her tightest hole. She squirmed and sighed, but took me in until I buried myself in her ass.

And then I remembered the two cocks in her pussy thought. I climbed until I was kneeling on the edge of the desk, and kept ass fucking her while lifting her up at the same time until her pussy was also in the air but still impaled on Zac's cock.

"Guys, we're going for gold," I said. "Two cocks in her pussy like you said."

I called Seth round to join me. He had to push me in the back to keep me from falling backwards, and Tracey leaned forward and grabbed the far edge of the desk. This opened her up even further, and still pushing me, Seth stepped up. I could feel him behind me and felt Tracey wince, as he slipped a second cock into her pussy along side Zac's.

"How tight is that, you cute little slut?" I said.

She turned around and said, "Fuck me like you mean it, you shit."

Well, that was all we needed.

"It's one thing to cheat in my class, honey," I said, "but it's another if you think you're going to cheerleading practice tomorrow. You'll be walking bow legged for a week."

She laughed so I pulled back on her ass a little and thrust as hard as I could until she gasped. And then I worked a finger and then a second in beside my cock, stretching her ass even further. I'd though about reaching round to finger her pussy but I wasn't sure the guys would be happy with me fingering both their cocks at the same time. Maybe next time when we all knew each other better, I thought.

We bounced around like this, Tracey crying out now,"fuck me, you cunts," that sort of thing, Seth and Zac laughing and moaning, me telling her to go fuck herself.

And then I knew I had to cum and I wanted to see that smart-assed face of Tracey Halliday's dripping with my cream. Seth had to pull out first to let me down off the desk, but he was ready too, so we both stepped round to her face and while she bounced on Zac's cock, we came together across her cute visage. I managed to poke my cock into her eye first and then deliver a rope of cum and a few extra spurts across her nose and mouth. Seth decided to cum in her mouth and she opened wide without being asked to let him unload, filling her throat with his man milk, and her swallowing and gagging a little, then spitting his fluid back up. And with her mouth and lips freshly lubricated we both shoved out cocks back in between her neat white teeth, and alternated between ramming the back of her mouth and letting her lick the cum mixture off our cock heads.

And all the while Zac's face beamed up from the desk at our duelling cocks. But he was soon ready too.

"Tracey, why don't you hop up like a good girl and let Zac finish himself off," I said.

"Sure thing teach," she said. "I want a proper load in my mouth anyway after your fucking miserable effort."

So when she was seated naked on my chair behind the desk and Zac was ready to fill her waiting mouth, I stood behind her and pulled her mouth open with my hands. Zac discharged his cock across her teeth and into her gaping mouth, and Tracey, unable to close her mouth or swallow, gagged and coughed.

"Call that effort," I said. And when Zac was done and the cum was running down her chin and onto her tits, I picked up a marker pen from my desk. Seth held her face and Zac her arms and she kicked under the desk as I wrote FUCKTOY across her forehead.

"I'd have written jizzbucket," I said, "but I didn't want to waste the ink."

And then I gathered her discarded clothing, and she dressed. Zac and Seth just stood there, naked and still proud, their cock heads waving at her.

"That wasn't so bad, was it?" I said.

She smiled ironically,

"And for your reward, I'll give you a B in the make-up exam. If you want an A you'll need to sit it again same time tomorrow."

At that we all laughed. But Tracey Halliday would be the one walking home awash with our cum and FUCKTOY across her face.