 This is a follow-up to a story I wrote over a year ago, although this story took place only a few days after the last story happened.  It is suggested you read that story first but if you read only this one, it should be okay, too.  Enjoy!

*************


Was it true?  Did it really happen?  Everyone always wants to know, don't they?  It makes it hotter, doesn't it, to know that it really happened.  I guess because they think if it actually happened to someone then it could happen to them, too.  Well, it can.  That's all I'm gonna say about my last story.  It can happen to you, too, if you want it to happen.  

This story happened, too, as a result of that first time messing around with my friends, Andy, Brett and Cory.  I had each of them wrapped around my finger.  And they didn't even know it!  They thought they could get the better of me.  Especially Andy, who was the only one I did not fuck last time.  Only one of them was supposed to, but I couldn't resist Cory.  And if there was a "next time", I wouldn't be able to resist Andy, either.  

I knew there would be a next time, though.  After all, I controlled things, didn't I?  It's not like any of those boys could determine if I'd get naked for them again, was there?  I fucking loved it!  The power of my pussy!

The next day at work I did the best I could to act nonchalant.  I did not want any of the guys to feel awkward around me, even though Andy did mention he knew he was the odd one out.  We went to lunch that day as usual and things appeared normal.  At least for the moment.  The next day was Friday and I asked them if they wanted to go to happy hour after work on Friday night.  Cory had to make sure it was okay with his bitch girlfriend but the other two said all right.  My plans would not work with just two of them.  And I knew they were wondering what I had planned this time.  

On Friday night sitting at our normal booth at the bar, Andy handed me a sheet of paper.  Before I could open and read it, he said that him and Cory and Brett got together and jotted down some questions of their own.  Could I win something? I asked coyly.  No, but it would be fun answering their questions, I was told.  Yeah, fun for who?

I slowly opened the sheet of paper and read each question.  As I read each question, I pretended to get more agitated and upset.  In truth, it was making me hot!!!  Here is what I read on that sheet of paper verbatim:

1. What are your measurements anyway?
2. At what age did you lose your virginity?
3. We know your favorite position.  What's your second most favorite?
4. When you check out guys, what do you check out first (and don't say eyes!)?  What do you check out on girls (we know all you girls do that, even you Sharon!)
5. Have you watched pornos right before, during or after sex?  Do you like it?  Own any?
6. Handcuffs?  (yea or nay)
7. Have you ever flashed anyone your tits or if not, would you ever?  What about a wet t-shirt contest?
8. Do you own a dildo or vibrator?  If so, how often do you use it or masturbate?
9. Ever been with another woman?  If not, curious?
10. Have you ever been DP'd or would you ever?  Would you consider it a fantasy?
11. If you were blindfolded and someone was going down on you and you were enjoying it, best ever, and then you took off the blindfold and found out it was another woman, how would you react?
12. What's the sexiest lingerie you own?  (assuming you own any!)

Now we had only been at the bar for under fifteen minutes.  I was on my second beer but after I read those questions, it gave me an idea.  First, I pretended I was pissed.  What the fuck guys?  Am I your plaything now?  To do or treat in any manner that you wish?  I suppose you all don't respect me now, who knows, maybe you never did!!

I even pretended like I was about to cry and told them I was going home.  Brett and especially Cory were trying to apologize and wanted me to stay.  Andy, who'd given me the sheet, was stunned.  He didn't know what was going on.  But I was out of there.  In my car driving home I was running my hand between my legs and over my jeans.  Fact was, I could not wait to answer their questions.

After I was home for a half hour and prepared some things, I called Brett on his cell phone.  Luckily he answered!  They were still at the bar.  Geez, maybe they did not feel bad at all for real.  But I was too horny to turn back on my new plan.  I told him to get his ass and the other two, too, to my apartment.  They could not be there soon enough!  I wanted to discuss some things.

My original plan for that evening was not too original.  Get everyone nice and drunk before making our way back to my apartment and then suggest strip poker.  I wanted to fuck each one of them tonight, starting with Andy and his monster cock!  But now their list of questions was going to be the focal point of our evening!  And I was going to be in control of everything, not them.

I opened the door and was wearing those same tight jeans I did when I first wowed them.  Underneath it was a simple black thong.  My shirt was white and equally tight.  With my bra on, the shirt was so thin that you could make out the design on my bra.  I also put just a little make-up on.  Upon seeing me, all the guys seemed to relax a bit.  They might have thought I was going to bitch them out, but the way I was dressed did not leave much to imagination.  How we'd get there would be another thing completely!

I told them to all sit down and they did so, each of them in the same spot as the last time we all convened for our little "Q & A" session.  

So you want to know my measurements, huh?  I think they only wanted to know my bra size and I asked them if that was true.  Fuck yeah, they said in unison.  

So I turned around away from them and lifted my shirt above my bra.  Reaching behind I unsnapped it and let it fall off me.  I covered my tits with my one arm as best I could before I put my shirt back down and turned back to face the guys.  I threw my bra to Andy and said "Okay, see for yourself."  For comfort I wore 38D but when I wanted my tits to stick up and out, I wore a 36, which is what was on the tag of the bra I threw his way.  When Andy announced it to Brett and Cory, there was a consensus of "I knew its" around the room.  Stupid horny boys!  I was a 38D and they were all patting themselves on the back because they thought they were right that I was a 36D.  

Then I noticed all of them staring at my chest.  After all, it was a thin and tight white shirt and my bra was off.  My nipples could not hide my excitement, nor did I want them to.  Even I could not resist looking down at my tits every so often.  I was getting a kick out of watching the guys' reaction to them.

Onto the next question.  I lost my virginity at eighteen.  I told them how it happened, too.  It was senior prom.  I was a bit of tom-boy and as such, even though I always had big boobs, I either did not want or always have a boyfriend.  My senior prom was a fix-up provided by my friends.  He was the neighbor of one of my friends.  I had met him once or twice but did not remember much what he looked like.  I remembered at the time not really caring I was being fixed up.  I wanted to go to the dance because all of my friends were and at the time, it was an occasion to drink.  And drink I did.  I was so drunk I had no clue I was being tricked into having sex.  But I did want to; I just wish I could remember more about it.  I do remember him spending an awful lot of time with my tits, though.  And he turned out to be my first serious boyfriend.  We dated for a year and a half!

The next question was about sexual positions.  I like them all, I told them.  They already knew my favorite was doggy-style.  I knew a lot of girls who liked it that way best.  It made us feel dominated and dirty and how much dirtier can you get than having sex.  But when I wanted to control things and feel like I was in charge, there was no better position to be in than on top.  Besides, I liked when my tits were played with, whether it was by me or the guy I was fucking, and I loved the look on his eyes when my tits hung from my chest.  Sometimes I would have to practically grab the guy by his wrists and put his hands on them.  I could never understand why a guy would practically be mauling my tits with his hand under a sweater or shirt with my bra on or off and then when I was topless and my tits were right out there for the taking, they would simply look at them and not even touch them for fear they might break or something.

I had to laugh at the next question.  Not the first part but the second part.  I knew they wanted to know if I was bi-curious even though I had already debunked that theory.  I do look at other girls' tits, okay?  And why not.  Mine are bigger and I'm sure probably nicer than most others.  When I do see a girl who has bigger tits than me, she's usually heavier.  And if a girl has big tits like me and a slimmer waist and smaller butt, more power to her.  Hell, the boobs are probably fake anyway.  I'm proud of my chest and never miss an opportunity to stack it up against others.  As far as guys, I told them I look at their chest and arms.  If guys are going to look at me that way, then right back at them.  Besides, looking down at their package is a little too obvious.  Of course, when they turn around, don't think for a minute I'm looking at their shoulders and back.  Then I'm checking out their ass!!!

For the next question, I turn it back on them.  I want to know from each of them if they have actually ever watched a porno with a girl and if so, how did it turn it out.  Andy was the first to say he has, which didn't surprise me.  He even boasted that one girl he was with made him promise to do everything to her that was done in the movie.  Cory told all of us that he, too, watched a porn movie with a girl back in college but although he wanted to get busy after only ten minutes into it, she made him wait until it was over and then turned the TV off and next the lights before they got busy.  Only Brett admitted that even though he has watched them, he never has with another girl.

After they answered, I felt I should answer it as well.  After all, they were my questions to answer this time.  I have watched many a porno with past boyfriends, especially Gordon, the cop.  He had a huge collection!  I didn't own any but it was nice to watch the different assortment of videos he had!  Even the lesbians movies, I thought, were pretty erotic!

The handcuff question I just laughed at!  What pervs they were to wonder if I had ever been handcuffed during sex or been the aggressor.  I told them I absolutely wouldn't answer that question.  Besides, I had already referred to my ex-boyfriend the cop a few times.  Of course I had been handcuffed!!!  I didn't tell them but some of the best orgasms I had was when I was handcuffed with my hands above my head and my boyfriend at the time pounding my pussy.  One time he bit my nipple right at the moment I came.  It was such a rush!

Are you guys obsessed with tits, or what?  Wet t-shirts?  Flashing?  I winked at them.  Of course I had flashed people before.  With my tits as a weapon, of course I had used them.  One time I was standing in line to get inside a club and flashed the bouncer to get in.  Of course, it started an avalanche of girls flashing their tits to get in like I had, but only those who had big ones got in!  I guess I was lucky the bouncer was a breast guy.

I never went to college, at least not past the first semester, so I never really went to party during spring break, so wet t-shirt contests was something I had never really seen or had a chance to be a part of.  I don't know if I would actually win but being in the finals was a definite probability.  After I asked, only Cory and Andy admitted to ever seeing one.  They were pretty tame, they both said, but one girl, Cory said, got pretty naked which actually disqualified her automatically.  I then quickly excused them and walked down the hall toward my bathroom.  I was going to kick things off!

When inside I quickly took down my jeans.  I replaced my black thong with a pair of bikini bottoms from the only swim bikini I owned.  And then I called out to the guys to come and join me in the bathroom.  I started the shower and climbed in at the other end and closed the shower curtain.  When they entered the bathroom, they wondered where I was and what the hell I was doing.  Isn't it obvious?  I'm having a wet t-shirt contest and I was the only participant.  Hope you all are okay with that.  

Well, when the water got warm enough, I pulled open the shower curtain.  Of course, not until after Andy had already peeked in.

They were surprised but pleased to see my jeans were gone.  I leaned into the water and immediately pulled back.  Only a little bit of my shirt got wet but it was in a good spot.  My left nipple was wet and visible.  Andy was loving that!  But I was, too.  Before I could invite the boys to join in the fun, Cory grabbed the showerhead and aimed it at my right tit, quickly dousing it.  My white t-shirt was now wet and see-through!  Andy, Brett and Cory were all howling and high-fiving one another.  Did they think it was over?  That it would be the end after seeing my tits in a wet t-shirt?  Poor, poor guys!  They were in trouble then!

I peeled my t-shirt off in a flash and shook my boobs right in front of them.  Would I win?  Are they nice enough for you guys?  Would I have to turn around and shake my ass, too?  Andy reached out and literally grabbed a boob in his hand.  I loved it but told him no touching the contestants!  Or contestant, in this instance!  He quickly pulled back which made me laugh even more, causing my boobs to jump around.  

Okay, what's the next question.  The boys seemed disappointed I was still going to answer the questions but they should have been happy.  I remembered what the next question was but I sent Brett out to retrieve the list anyway.  Cory and Andy remained and were talking to me.  Cory tried hard not to stare at my tits as we talked but Andy did not even try and hide the fact.  Not only did I remember what the next question was but more importantly the answer and how I was going to answer it.  It was why I was nervous.  Standing and leaning up against my bathroom counter with my tits just out there in front of Andy and Cory and I was nervous about something else entirely.  I have come a long way in a week, huh?

My little red rocket-shaped vibrator, six inches long and two inches around, was in the drawer that I was leaning against.  I had planted it there earlier.  Usually I did my masturbating in the warm comforts of my bed and therefore was usually in my nightstand next to my bed.  So the guys wouldn't get carried away too quickly, I decided to do this in the bathroom.  I hopped up onto the counter when Brett walked back in.  No doubt he had read it and already probably wondered if I was going to demonstrate.  I read the question.  I don't do it often, usually my fingers are enough, but I felt myself getting wet already and it wasn't from my earlier shower.  Wanna watch me fuck myself boys?  Again, one or two high-fives.  What's with all the high-fives?  Watch my pussy, you stupid men!  

For the first five minutes, the vibrator traveled everywhere on my body.  Around my lips, my tongue, over and between my tits, around my tummy and over my mound on the outside of my bikini bottoms.  I pushed it down past the elastic band and sank it into my cunt.  I threw my head back for effect and pushed down the rest of my bottoms with the vibrator until my pussy was in full view.  I looked each one of them directly in the eye.  They were all paralyzed.  Two of them had already fucked me but I thought by now one or all of them would have had their dicks out and wagging them in front of me.  But them just watching was okay for now.  I kept sliding it in and out of my pussy while pinching my nipples with my other hand.

When I was close, I kept the head of the red vibrator pressed loosely against my throbbing clit.  After another minute, I was convulsing in a long, drawn-out orgasm.  It was just like I had practiced earlier in the week before I even knew they were going to ask a question about it, only better.  If one of them anytime during this session had gotten to their knees between my legs and taken control of the vibrator, I would not have stopped them.  But I'm sure each one of them was too afraid to act with the others watching.  Well, they would have to act soon, I thought.

The next question asked if I had ever been with another woman.  This topic had casually come up a lot in one form or another at our lunches.  They were always just teasing then, but I had been pretty adamant I was not bisexual or even bi-curious.  I did find women's bodies uniquely appealing and beautiful.  And I did tell them earlier I liked to check out other women's boobs and sometimes then their butts to see how I compared.  But I never could see myself kissing another woman, on the lips, her tits or god-forbid her pussy.  But what I would do and what I TELL them I would do were two entirely different ideas.

I beckoned Cory over to me.  Now remember, I'm almost totally naked, only a pair of bikini bottoms on.  When I was done with the vibrator, I had pulled it out and set it on the counter, and my bottoms snapped back into place.  Now, I don't normally even wear a bikini to the beach but hell, I thought I looked pretty damn hot!  And all three guys were still completely dressed!  What's wrong with this picture?!?  When Cory didn't move that close to me, I laughed and told him I don't bite.  Well, hard.  So he got closer.  When he did I grabbed his crotch and grabbed it good, too.  Cory was shocked but not as much as the other two.

Cory knew I thought his girlfriend Mindy was a little fucking, princess bitch!  She had no tits, a small ass but she was kinda cute, if she wasn't such a bitch, that is.  But he along with Andy and Brett forgot all about that when I suggested to Cory he call Mindy up and tell her to get her little ass over to my place.  I wanted to suck on her little titties and then have her sit on my face all the while poking at her holes (front and back) with my fingers and tongue.  Cory got rock hard in about two seconds after hearing that.  Poor boy almost came in his jeans!  I knew he wouldn't call her, though.

I pushed him away.  Then I beckoned Andy over.  He was over in no time at all.  Andy was the only friend I didn't let fuck me last time.  And he hadn't even really seen my tits, so he was definitely loving every minute of it.  It was really because of Andy that I was letting this evening happen.  I wanted to "even things" up and let them all be able to say they had at least one chance with me.  But believe me, it was not all charitable on my part.  I couldn't wait to feel Andy's long, thick cock inside of me! 

I started to caress Andy's bulge which was already underway to being fully erect.  Maybe we should call Julie over instead, I teased. 

Julie was the new receptionist at work.  She had just graduated high school and was tall like me but very thin.  She always wore skirts it seemed and had long, sleek legs.  Her breasts were smaller than average but it was her ass (and legs) that got all the attention anyway.  I would dare any guy in our department to tell me what color eyes she had.  Both Andy and Cory had earlier admitted to "crushes" on her, so of course they would welcome her into our little circle of friends this evening.  

I would love for her to hold and kiss my boobs and ran my own hand down her flat stomach and search out and explore her wet pussy.  I bet she tastes so sexy!  Well, that did it for Andy!  His 7-inch plus cock was bursting to be freed!
