 Chapter 1

My excursion into a swinging circle.

As the condom covered cock nuzzled against my wet engorged lips so I thought 'It has been such a long time.' As Paul pushed his welcomingly sturdy and stunningly hard prick up me I realised that it been about nine months, around three-quarters of a year or approximately forty weeks since I had been fucked. As he surged deep into me so I realised that my self-imposed celibacy was over. That made me feel good, very good.

We'd met playing golf, helping each other find their balls in the deep rough that separated the eighth and ninth holes. We chatted as we walked in the long grass and then later in the bar. We had a couple of drinks at the golf club and met there again at the Sunday morning mixed get together. We played and had lunch together, he gave me a lift home for I had stayed at a friend's place near to the club the previous evening. We kissed as he dropped me off at my flat in Docklands. We met again a week or so later and then we went out to dinner a couple of times.. Tonight had been a natural culmination I suppose. It was an inevitability I guess. It was the way that relationships develop, particularly between people approaching or in middle age, for his fifty one and my forty three constitute just that, I was beginning to realise with some despair.

As he started moving in and out and up and down, there was no space in my mind for anything other than the enjoyment of sexual stimulation. Fortunately he had made me cum when he'd undressed me so I was able to savour the sensations of his cock filling me and arousing my insides. He was a good lover. He hadn't rushed getting my clothes off and getting me into his bed and he had paid due attention to my full breasts and ultra-sensitive nipples with his hands and mouth. He was as equally relaxed about getting into my knickers. He had patiently stimulated my clit and then after peeling my panties down and taking them off, he had gently at first, but then more energetically as we progressed, finger fucked me to a first climax.

We had rested. And then he had started sucking my breasts, I love that and I stroked his cock. He thrust it against me simulating a shag. We kissed and he ran his hands through my more than shoulder-length, wavy, unruly some say, chestnut coloured hair. He rolled on top of me his erection welcomingly pressed into me from my pubic mound to my waist, he felt so big, but then I hadn't had this experience for so long, everything was happening in extremes. He squeezed and rubbed my breasts, sucked my nipples and then wiggled his way downwards. I parted my thighs and he slid between them.

It didn't last that long. I certainly had no staying power and he was so ready that prolonging it would have been meaningless.

After the first few deep thrusts that sent his cock so far up me I thought it would enter my womb or pop out my mouth, he combined that with almost removing it. All the time he was kissing me, squeezing my breasts and sucking on my lips; I knew they would be sore and a little swollen in the morning. Then he pushed himself as far in me as he could go, held it rigid, grabbed the cheeks of my bum and moaned.

"Are you ready, I am so near?"

"Oh yes Paul" I groaned I am so, so ready."

And then we had a marvellous mutual orgasm that well and truly ended my celibacy.

*

Just what had brought me back to a full sex-life, I'm not sure. Partly of course it was frustration. That dull ache of need that for nearly every moment of the nine months had pervaded every part of my body. There was hardly a minute and certainly not an hour that I didn't think about sex, that I didn't feel the warmth in my breasts and the irritation in the pit of my stomach. I was continuously aroused, my nipples seemed to be almost permanently hard and sometimes I would have to change my panties several times a day!

I looked at nearly all the men and many of the women I met as sexual prospects, wondering what they would look like naked and how they would perform in bed. I had the most lurid dreams often waking up with my hand between my legs or holding my boobs. I had fantasies of being raped, having a gang bang and being tied up and continually fucked. To relieve the frustration I masturbated and boy did I; every day during those nine months and some times two or three times. That helped, but only temporarily.

It also ended because of Paul, I felt he was special. He wasn't pervy or pushy, was good looking with longish greying, blonde hair and piercing blue eyes. He was around six feet and muscularly slim, brought about he told me by working out three or four times a week, running regularly and playing tennis as well as golf.

After the divorce, I had vowed not to present my daughter, who had overall coped well with my marriage split up and divorce, with a series of 'uncles' and that had been another reason for my celibacy decision.

Additionally, being celibate and not dating after a few months, although I had started out with what I felt were good reasons, increasingly seemed rather pointless; I had almost forgotten why I had started.

After my divorce had come through three or so years ago I had a bad spell. I became rather promiscuous, well at least by my standards for in the previous twenty years I had only had two lovers; my husband and a guy with whom I had a passionate six month affair. During my 'mad' period I slept with six men. I got to a point where, I suppose, I was putting it about a bit. After a couple of years of that madness, which I worked hard to keep from my teenage daughter Sara, it suddenly hit me that I was becoming a slut. It also hit me that the sex I had with those men was, overall, unsatisfying and filled me with guilt and remorse. It was like that because it was almost just sex for the sake of sex; there was nothing else, no emotional involvement, no strong affection and certainly no love. I didn't want any of the latter, but had needed the former; I wanted sex, but no emotional involvement or dependence. I had been there with Kevin and the break up after I found that he was a serial adulterer had not only hurt me badly, but it had toughened me up considerably. 

So I had a classic Catch 22; I wanted sex, but without becoming emotionally involved, but when I had sex like that I didn't enjoy it. Hence, I stopped dating and became celibate. 

That is until Paul and now those reasons for not fucking seem ridiculous.

He found me at just the right time for both of us.

A couple of years earlier he had sold his interior design and office layout planning company for several millions. He and his wife had decided that they would spend a lot of time travelling the world for whilst building his group of companies he had no time for holidays. Tragically, just after the sale she was killed in a car crash so when we met he was just starting to get over it, if that is possible.

At that time having tried celibacy I was coming to the conclusion the suffering was not worth the benefits. 

All the time since the divorce my intention had been not to get involved with a man until Sara was more or less off my hands at university. Paul came along just as she was taking her A levels!

And when I met him on the golf course, we found his ball, but not mine and we laughed when I said. "Bloody men, they never seem to lose their balls."

In the bar after the golf he came up to me and presented me with a brand new golf ball.

"Titleist Pro V wasn't it."

Smiling I said. "PTS Solo actually, but a Pro V will do, thanks."

"May I buy you a drink?"

"You think I'm that kind of girl do you" I laughed adding "Anything for a golf ball?"

"Not just a golf ball, a Pro V 1"

"Ah well in that case a glass of dry white wine please."

He leaned across and putting his hand on my shoulder he kissed me on the cheek. We were parked near to my Docklands apartment after he brought me home from the golf club.

We went to dinner later that week and this time in roughly the same place he kissed me on the lips, he was a good kisser.

The next week after we came out of the restaurant and got into his car in the dark, we kissed. This time it was much deeper and longer. He cupped my breast and that felt wonderful.

A week or so later after golf, dinner and a few drinks at the club we stopped in a quiet place as he drove me home.

We kissed and he again cupped my breasts.

"Paul I'm a little old for this" I said as his hand slid inside my top.

"If you are, what's that make me" he replied, not stopping however from touching my boob and in fact slipping his fingers inside my bra so that they touched my nipple. That made me grunt. It is such a significant and exciting time when a man first touches a woman's breasts and particularly their nipple. We kissed for some time as slowly he eased each breast out of my bra and caressed them with his hands and fingers and then licked and kissed them. I had to work hard not to cum so aroused did that make me. I guess that by these actions Paul was asking if we could have full sex and I was replying that we could.

He came in for coffee after driving me home from the West End where we'd had dinner. I had lied and said that my daughter was upstairs a sleep, I hadn't quite got my head round breaking my celibacy. As he pulled me to him and kissed me he said.

"Would we hear her if she got up?"

"Yes, I have intentionally had squeaky floorboards put just outside her bedroom so we would," I smiled as he crushed me against him.

"What a thoughtful mother you are, saving your daughter the embarrassment of catching her mum up to no good."

"Mum's have to think of everything" I replied as we sat side by side on the large six-seater, black leather settee.

I was wearing a black dress with several buttons at the top that ran from the lowish neckline to my waist. It was quite thin and had a fairly loose skirt that came to just above my knees. As my legs were still tanned from a recent week in Italy, I wasn't wearing tights or stockings.

As we kissed he soon had some of the buttons undone and was caressing my boobs before trying to undo the bra.

"No don't Paul, just in case" I said nodding my head towards the stairs.

"Wise as well ma'am" he smiled sliding his hand into the cups one at a time and lifting my breasts out. "This ok?" He asked bending his head and sucking my already swollen nipple into his mouth.

I stroked his hair as I murmured. "You cheeky sod, but yes Paul that is ok, it is so much more than just ok."

I slowly laid back into the corner of the sofa as he did such wonderful things to my boobs and nipples. I wasn't' aware just how far my skirt had risen up my legs until I felt his hand on my thigh more than half way between my knee and my panties. Stop him or let him go on, I asked myself? He provided the answer by slipping his hand slowly upwards until the side of it was pressed right against my soaked lips encased in the black thong.

I panicked. I now wanted sex so badly, but knew that I shouldn't do that particularly as I had lied about Sara being here. Again that conundrum was solved for me. I began to cum.

"Oh god Paul" I groaned grabbing his wrist and going to pull it away.

"What?"

I'm sure he knew for my body had gone rigid.

"You know" I gasped not having the will to pull his hand away.

"Yes I do" he said rubbing me."

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be, it's wonderful" he grunted manipulating his fingers inside my panties.

"Oh my god" I groaned as they, effortlessly it seemed, slid in me, but then I was certainly fully lubricated.

He made me cum quickly and fully.

I didn't let him fuck me though and considerately he didn't try too hard thinking that Sara was upstairs. It wasn't just that inconvenience though it was also that he had the patience of an experienced man. We both knew that it was only a matter of time, however, and that his invitation to his house and for him to cook me dinner the following Saturday "That is if you can get a sitter" was likely to be that time. I had no difficulty with getting Sara looked after.

We had melon and Parma ham, followed by a pasta and then raspberries. Simple but effective and delicious. We drank the best part of two bottles of wine, which together with the meal, the low lighting and the haunting Bach violin concertos created a warm and highly romantic atmosphere. Paul got up, walked round the table and stood behind me. He put his hands on my shoulders and kissed my head.

"You realise Amanda I'm sure that I feel a lot for you don't you?"

"As I do you Paul, but it's too soon to go there, just let's enjoy this for what it is, please?" I said putting my hand on his.

"Yes darling I agree" he said softly as he kissed the top of my head and slowly slid his hands down my chest and onto my breasts.

"And is this what it is Amanda?"

I gripped his hand and pressed it more firmly against my breasts. I looked up into his eyes and whispered. "Yes Paul, I rather think it is."

I was wearing a fairly low cut, short sleeved white, sort of posh tee shirt top with black, linen, calf length pedal pusher trousers. The top was tight and moulded itself to my breasts, emphasising their fullness. He caressed them through the material, cupping and squeezing them as he continued kissing the top of my head. 

Whispering. "Mmmmmm they feel lovely Amanda" Paul moved his hands upwards so that they were on my chest, his fingers slipping just slightly inside the neckline, just where the swell of my breasts start. It felt nice. I didn't move, but waited for his next move. And that was as delightfully exciting as it was predictable. He slowly slid his fingers and hands down, inside the top and onto my breasts. Pausing momentarily, presumably to ensure I was comfortable with what he was doing, which I illustrated as best I could by slightly arching my back and leaning my head to one side and resting it on his arm, he carried on making love to my breasts. His fingers slowly crept inside my bra and then down and down so that he was cupping my bare breasts. The knuckles of his first and middle fingers on both hands were either side of my wickedly hard nipples that he then pushed together squeezing those pink, rubbery protrusions. 

I groaned with pleasure and excitement and my head fell backwards as he slowly eased each boob out from both its protective and supportive D sized cup and the tee shirt. Holding them in either hand he leaned over me and licked them in turn slowly moving his tongue towards the flame tipped centres. Sucking them into his mouth IO could feel my whole body reacting and I knew that was near to having a breast caressing induced orgasm I had to stop him.

"No Paul" I muttered grabbing his hand.

"What is it?" He asked considerately clearly concerned.

I stood up, we slid into each other's arms and we kissed. Again it was long, deep and quite lovely. As I pressed my body against his I had that absolutely delightful experience of feeling the length of his erection against my stomach.

"It was just a tiny bit too much for me" I explained enjoying the feel of my bare breasts against his shirt.

"What do you mean, didn't you like it" he smiled looking down at my boobs. I slid my arms round his neck, kissed him on the lips and said.

"I liked it too much if you get what I mean."

"Oh I see," he grinned back. "Please I can have that effect on you."

"Well you do, but you know it has been ages for me.

"Yes love I know" he replied as we kissed again. "Is this ok?" He whispered as he his rested his hand on my bum in the cropped black linen pedal pushers.

"Oh yes" I sighed enjoying it and liking his consideration. It made me feel warm towards him and adventurous. I let my hand fall down between us so it found his erection. I slowly rubbed and gently squeezed it and whispered. "Is this?" It was the first time I had done that to him.

"Oh yes Mandy, yes, it's lovely."

Gently pushing me backwards we did a slow dance to the big, green leather chesterfield. He manoeuvred me until I felt the back of my legs pressing against it. We sat down and we kissed again. One of his hands cupped my breast as the other squeezed the cheeks of my bum through the thin linen. I was still rubbing his erection. As he had in the car a couple of times and at my apartment he pulled the boobs completely out of the cups so that the material of my bra and the top snuggled under each boo. It felt lovely, but was slightly irritating and felt somewhat teenagerish.

"Stop a moment" I muttered.

"Wha......?"

I stopped him with. "Shush, just watch."

Reaching behind me I slid my hands up my back inside the top and undid my bra. Looking right at Paul, I pulled the trick that only women can do, I wiggled and struggled with my bra and then brought my hands out from my top holding it. As he smiled and said "Wow" I dropped the flimsy, white see-through bra onto the floor by his feet.

Looking him in the eyes I said. "Want more wow?" As I took hold of the hem of the tee with both hands and without waiting for an answer I pulled it, over my head and off.

"Oh my god Amanda" he groaned taking me in his arms again and gripping the cheeks of my bum. "I want you so much."

We kissed for some time with Paul slowly easing me backwards until I was squashed into the corner of the sofa with him lying half on me his full erection giving me lovely feelings on my legs and stomach. He ran his hands up and down my legs firstly, on their tops and then on the inside of my thighs, which I parted for him. 

He was alternating between caressing my bare boobs and running his hands up and down my thighs. He had worked me up very much; I was feeling incredibly horny and I knew my celibacy was about to end and I wanted it to. 

"Let's go to bed" he said huskily.

As we stood up I smiled. "What about the washing up?"

"Fuck it" he smiled back.

Laughing as I fluffed my hair back into place making my boobs jiggle quite outrageously I said. "It or me?"

"Both" he replied pulling me up.

It was a strange yet monumentally horny experience walking topless through his house, up the stairs and into his bedroom. As I climbed the stairs I was acutely aware that that my bum would be swaying just inches in front of his face and as I walked arm in arm with him across the landing that my boobs would be wobbling wildly. Both of those felt good.

In his surprisingly large bedroom he took my pedal pusher pants off and we lay on the bed. I was so worked up that my entire body was tingling. It erupted when he touched me between my legs, firstly outside then quickly after inside my panties. He made me cum very quickly. Then he removed my thong and fucked me. 

*

After we had 'broken our duck' as far as full sex was concerned, our relationship developed quickly and very well. Due to my daughter, we were unable to actually sleep with each other all night very often, but we made up for that by enjoying our afternoons and sometimes even our mornings to the full!

"It's been over three months now" he said as I lay in his arms on the back seat of his Rangerover. 

We had found a common liking for having sex in places where there was an element of danger; not too much danger, just enough to add interest. It had appealed to me in the past, but I had never had the opportunity to give vent to my feelings, Paul gave me every opportunity to do that for we were like-minded on the subject that we had discussed a couple of times.

I had played golf at the club's Tuesday ladies morning.

"Right girls I'm off to the gym see you all Thursday" I had said after showering and changing. I was wearing a thin white, zip up track top, black leggings and a fashionably short black skirt. I was not wearing any underwear. It was fairly chilly so it didn't look out of place that I was wearing a large jacket over my tracky top. Fuller breasted girls have to think of such 'cover ups' all the time.
