 "It's raining again." 

More of the hopelessly mundane. May was sitting at my computer desk, up to god-knows-what, possibly with god-knows-who. A recent arrival to the region, she was still mystified by the possibility of no direct sunlight for weeks. It was winter, which in my neck of the woods meant cold, rainy days ad nauseam. I didn't respond. I was instead in the midst of a hopeless attempt to find something good on the television. 

As I had countless times before during any of her frequent visits, I glanced over at her. Today she looked...comfortable. A naturally dark brunette, her long hair was adorned with a bandana of a style and pattern that evoked images of desert gypsies. People of a drier and warmer place, no doubt. Otherwise it was, again, the usual - faded denim jeans and a warm, fuzzy sweater. Both of which, again, failed to mask dangerous curves. 

I'll admit it--I tried. She caught my eye instantly and I clumsily struck up conversation. Being a new transplant, I was mildly successful, as she was looking to make friends. She wasn't, however, looking to be bedded, something she made quite clear from the start. I wasn't her type, or something. She had a way about her that was very upfront and direct, a refreshing quality to be sure. I can't say I enjoyed the flat-out rejection, but we shared a lot of interests and we became fast friends. I'll also admit I held out hope, a hope stoked by the occasional tease and flirt. It was more than that, really. She could be downright aggressive at times but never opened that particular door. I think she enjoyed watching me squirm. 

Then I noticed a sudden change in demeanor. 

"Well, who is this now?" My eyes turned, first to May's bottom shifting in my seat--something I could surely blame on the not-so-innocent thoughts abounding in my imagination just then--then to the computer screen. Somehow she had worked her way into one of my accounts. It was a social networking website, the kind you don't give much thought to, just another way to try to maintain links with distant friends. 

"Tricia." May cocked her head to the side. "Hey, she's single!" 

The name blazed through my mind, igniting memories of a dull office job with often long hours and always bad pay. Then there was Tricia, an upbeat college student who worked part-time like so many these days to combat rising tuition costs. Our working relationship, if you could call it that, was tumultuous. She'd been distant, then passionately at odds with me, then very friendly shortly before my departure. She was a knockout in every sense of the word, blessed with the rare gift of both a fantastic chest and a well-rounded bottom. The name evoked memories of a few specific moments: her hand resting gently on my shoulder during a lively conversation, the swell of her breasts pressed into my back as she leaned over in the close quarters of a cramped supply room, heated arguments over disputes I can't recall. That angry passion came from somewhere, but I never pursued it. Even during the time we were amicable, she had retained a boyfriend, a high school sweetheart. To make matters worse, overheard conversations with co-workers over her unsatisfactory sex life only emboldened me. 

But, in the end, I did nothing and moved well across the country. We barely stayed in touch. Hell, this had been the first I thought of her in months. Out of the numerous friends I'd had on that site, though, I pondered why May had stopped on that one. 

"She's single now? She was in a serious relationship when I worked with her." My response was perfunctory, but I couldn't set aside that nagging suspicion... 

May was genuinely amused, now. She turned to me and asked, "never banged her, did ya?" 

"No. She wasn't interested," I snapped back, immediately regretting my hasty reply as soon as it passed my lips. 

"Ohhh, so you would have, eh?" May would have surely given me a playful nudge if she was within range. 

"I'd forgotten all about her ever since I laid eyes on you, my dear." 

"Right. Good luck with that." She turned back toward the screen with an eyeroll and scanned Tricia's profile. Many of the pictures were old, of parties and weddings she'd been to while I was still around. May let out a quick gasp. "She's coming here!" 

"Is that so? Can't imagine why," I feigned disinterest. I did remember that office's corporate headquarters was actually less than an hour away. 

"We should meet up with her." 

The hairs on the back of my neck stood on end. We? Then I put the pieces together in my mind, that almost audible click. That wasn't just innocent interest in her voice. 

May and I had talked about her past travails. In one of those strange coincidences, we had both grown up in the same town but never met. It was a relatively big city, large enough to ensure we'd never meet but also large enough to yield a diverse array of people. May had dated her fair share, but she had said on more than one occasion she couldn't find a decent, open-minded girl to play around with. 

Play, indeed. Yep, May wanted me to introduce her—or perhaps herself--to Tricia. That's what this was all about. 

"I don't know, May. She may not be willing to swing down here on the way, she's probably coming on business." 

"Oh, come on! She'd be happy to see you, I promise." 

I stared out the window at the steady rain. I might as well have heard thunder. I was sure a storm was coming. ---------------- 

May had extended for me all the hospitality I could provide, and then some. I would be picking her up at the airport, and provide the spare room in my apartment for her to stay in during her stay. Apparently May didn't need my approval, either. Tricia accepted before I even knew what May was up to, much less object to it. I wondered if I'd have to feed and bathe my houseguest as well. If only, I chuckled to myself. 

The long drive to the airport was pleasant. The warmer months were arriving and countless trees were beginning to flower alongside the road. Naturally, May had insisted on accompanying me, but she was unusually quiet and reserved during the trip. She was dressed more provocatively than usual, sporting a deeply cut, colorful blouse that revealed impressive cleavage. I expected the typical snide comment as my gaze lingered a little too long over smooth-looking, alabaster skin but she remained silent. Whatever efforts she was making to impress our visitor had certainly worked on me. Or maybe it was just the unseasonably warm weather we were having recently, and her first chance of the year to "air out the girls," as she would say. 

Still, that's not to say the change in look for May surprised me. She had studied fashion design in school and was very gifted in crafting completely different looks. It was a hobby for her to mimic the designs of popular fictional characters. It didn't stop at wardrobe, though. May had the ability to transform herself with respect to every detail, from hair and eye color to nails to personality. The metamorphosis was stunning at times, even titillating when she wore some of her skimpier designs. 

Tricia, on the other hand, was predictable by comparison. At work and probably at school she always had the same style that changed only with the seasons. She always dressed conservatively, though no cut or design could truly hide her endowments. Next to Tricia, May would resemble a chameleon, changing looks at a whim but always seeming proud—and damned aware--of her curves. Much to my chagrin, they were often in full display. The tacit, busty woman in my passenger seat served as a silent reminder of that very fact. 

May and I waited at the terminal hub for Tricia. Her flight had landed minutes before so we kept a watch over the passengers, looking for Tricia. As I expected, she was very easy to spot--she looked just as she had nearly a year before, wearing her hair down over a simple brown t-shirt. It was just past shoulder length and the same color, a dirty blonde untouched as ever by dyes or bleach. I waved her over to us. Tricia was as excited as I'd ever seen her, greeting each of us warmly. We exchanged the usual pleasantries, touching on the flight, food, Tricia's reason for coming out here. 

May took Tricia's luggage, a carry-on bag and a rolling suitcase, and passed it off onto me. She said with a nod, "You're the guy here, you should carry these out." I began to protest but May and Tricia were already jabbering away. They were getting along remarkably well, like old friends reunited after years of absence. They plodded along ahead out to the parking terminal, with the occasional whisper and giggle as they glanced in my direction. I kept a steady pace behind and scowled. When it comes to women, I can be dense, but I'm no fool. I know when there's something amiss. In a battle of wits, May has always been more than a match for me. The two of them together meant trouble. 

--------- 

I continued my porter duties after pulling into my apartment complex. May and Tricia had stretched out and relaxed on the return trip while I served as music DJ for their backseat "first date" in my five-seater. All that was missing were drinks, a movie, the flurry of clothes being torn off, bras hanging from my rearview mirror... 

Reality sets in. Tricia isn't the type to be seduced by the the likes of May. She's the quasi-religious, traditional type. Or so I thought. As May revealed detail after gory detail about my (nonexistent) sex life and past conquests, I wondered just what else May had told Tricia in between embarassing stories, which continue as I prepare dinner for the three of us. 

Cooking has always been a passion for me, one thing I can always say I've been good at. I whipped up a rather complicated dish that demanded my full attention but I was happy to retreat into the kitchen to avoid overhearing my doom being plotted in the next room. Just as I was finishing up, May wandered in. 

"There's some champagne in the fridge. Would you be a dear and bring it out with the food? We should toast to your reunion!" May spun away, clearly pleased with herself for sneaking in the bubbly. 

I peeked in and spotted a couple of stealthy bottles, which left me wondering how I could have missed them. At this point, I really couldn't be surprised. May strikes again. 

Enjoying a mild, breezy spring evening, we emptied one bottle over the course of dinner and worked our way halfway through the second before it starts to rain. I got up to close the sliding glass door leading to a small uncovered patio as rain has a nasty habit of sneaking in and moistening the carpet. 

"It rains here all the time, doesn't it," Tricia asked, finishing another glass of champagne. 

I closed the door, draw the shades, and returned to my seat at the table facing Tricia and May. "It's not quite as bad now as it is over the winter." 

Tricia raised an eyebrow and smiled slyly. "So you and May spent the whole season indoors, huh?" 

May laughed. "Yep. He keeps me cooped up in here as much as he can." 

I frowned but astutely decided to refrain from comment, and instead picked up my glass for another sip. 

Tricia ran her finger around the rim of her glass, glanced at May and looked intently into my eyes. 

"Hmm...so which of us do you think has better breasts?" 

Taken completely aback by the sudden change in topic, in mid-sip I nearly dropped my glass in my lap. I stammered, not sure of how to answer the question. This was definitely not the same Tricia that I had recalled. I made the most of it, though, and took a nice, lingering look at each plentiful chest. Tricia was covered up in her t-shirt but still prominently displayed two generous more-than-handfuls. Looking over at May, my eyes traced the lines of her cleavage, down, down, then separating into hints of two luscious curves. 

"Well, it's kind of hard to tell..." I trailed off. 

May let out a displeased grunt. "Trish, I think he's just afraid of offending one of us." With alarming deftness, she pulled at the bottom of her top and heaved it over her head in one swift movement. Before my mouth can hit the floor, "Trish" followed suit. 

My brain took a second to parse exactly what's happened in front of me, a task no doubt made even more difficult by the blood rushing to that familiar swelling in my jeans. Two luscious pairs of breasts were in display across my small dinner table, held in restraint only by two very hard-working bras (restraints my imagination was desperately trying to free). Tricia's complexion has always been a perpetual light tan, which apparently covers her body, no doubt thanks to descent from some blend of hearty stock. She was wearing a full coverage, plain, white lacy bra--good ol' conservative Tricia; though I was no longer fooled. May looked to be a fair bit larger in the bust, though damned if I know that's just an illusion created by that amazing, plunging black bra she had on. 

The girls giggled at my reactions, leaning over and twisting their torsos before they put their tops back on. May chimed in, "Maybe you should clear the table while you think about it." She beamed a wicked smile at me. 

Still in a daze, I followed May's advice and brought some of the discarded food platters into the kitchen. Wondering what to say to the girls as I head back out into the dining room, I turned the corner out of the kitchen and suddenly I was thrust up against the wall, head pulled down, soft lips pressed against mine as a tongue explored my mouth, teasing and probing. For a second I keep my eyes closed and try to guess which of them made the move, though I had a good idea. I opened my eyes, my suspicions confirmed, to see May looking up at me. 

"That's the most I've ever seen of you," I whispered breathlessly into her ear. 

She let out a small, throaty giggle and asked, "Would you like to see more?" My vision blurred as I felt a strong hand pressing against the fly of my jeans, grabbing at the throbbing erection she and Tricia induced a moment earlier. "I felt I should reward you for being such a good sport and letting me set this up. Trish is wonderful, don't you think?" 

A soft moan escapes my lungs as May expertly manipulates me through my jeans. Tricia is the last thing on my mind at the moment. In a fit of passion, I turn May around and press into her, unleashing pent up desire built up over months and months. My lips found her neck as I wrapped my right arm around her, just below her waist, feeling a very soft and apparently well-tailored set of black pants. Of its own will, my left hand trailed up her body and squeezed an incredibly soft breast. At this point I can't think of anything but being buried to the hilt inside this woman. I need it. 

May took my hands, turned around, and then pressed her hands against my shoulders, pushing me back gently. She trailed kisses along my cheek and whispered into my ear, "You know, Trish wanted to thank you, too." Pulling back into my field of vision, she stared into my eyes with wild lust. "Come on," she cooed, and I was taken by hand into my bedroom. 

I wasn't prepared for what I saw next. Tricia was on the bed, wearing a matching light red bra and panty set. Apparently May had distracted me long enough in the kitchen for her to change. Damn if I wasn't distracted again as I slowly explored every inch of visible skin. She smiled broadly as we came into the room, and raised an eyebrow as she observed what was likely a very noticeable bulge in my pants. 

"I see May completed her mission," she said with laughter in her voice. I could almost feel May smiling as she gently pushed me toward the bed. Tricia sat up on the edge of the bed and started to deftly remove my jeans as May came up behind me stealthily and lifted my shirt over my head. I groaned softly as May put her hands on my naked back at about the same time Tricia had succeeded in pulling down the rest of my clothes, freeing my rock-hard erection from its cruel bonds. 

Tricia smiled wickedly as she circled her hand and placed it at the bottom of my shaft and planted a long, wet kiss on the end. Stroking me very gently and slowly, she began to explain, "You see, May and I are, well, acquaintances, suffice it to say, from a while back. Imagine my surprise when she contacted me from your account." 

May patted her hand on my shoulder and then resumed her caresses, this time on my chest. "See I've been single a little while now," Tricia continued, "and just dying for some cock," giving me a few quick but firm tugs to emphasize her point. 

"So May here invited me over, and she told me about your dry spell, so I figured you'd be willing to help me with this problem." 

Hell yes would normally have been the first thing to cross my lips, but the champagne and the ladies' ministrations were more than a match for my constitution. I was practically seeing white at this point. All I could manage was a half whimper/half grunt. 

"Poor guy," I heard May chime in, carried on breath very close to my ear as she peered over my shoulder. "What are you doing to him, Trish?" 

"Too much, I suppose." She ran a finger over my opening, already moist from all the attention, and gazed at her handiwork. She stood and whispered in my ear, "have a seat, big boy," and gave the base of my rod a good squeeze before releasing me. 

I sat down and took a breather, but I was immediately treated to a show. Tricia locked lips with May and both of them enjoyed a wet tongue kiss that certainly wasn't their first. Tricia looked May over. "You're wearing far too much there." 

May quickly discarded her top and pants and resumed her passionate kiss with Tricia. She raised her arm, fingers adorned with jewelry and tipped with painted nails that ran over Tricia's smooth, brown nylon bra. She gently pulled Tricia's head back and nibbled on her neck, eliciting a gasping moan, and whispered something in her ear. 

Both turned to face me. "So we never did get an answer to our question," Tricia said coyly. She brought her hands forward to unhook the front-closure on her bra and reveal a pair of perky, positively delicious looking breasts. May's pendulous offerings tumbled gently out of her black bra a moment later, putting on a display that left me speechless. 

I'd like to say I had a witty, appreciative response at that moment, but no, I just sat there like a horny young boy seeing a centerfold for the first time and merely gawked. 

"Well?" May asked, feigning annoyance. She may as well have been speaking through a speakerphone. There wasn't any getting through to me at that moment. 

"Maybe just a look isn't enough," Tricia chimed in through a smile. She walked toward me, wrapped an arm around me, and dropped a pointed nipple into my agape mouth. I suckled hungrily as if an infant, and my senses flooded back with the familiar sensation. As I clumsily manipulated her other breast with a hand, I looked up to see Tricia's smiling face, radiant from the ceiling lamp behind her lightly colored mane. I turned my attentions to May. Long-held desires flooded in and I wasted no time in attacking her in kind. 

"I can't decide." It was the truth; having sampled both sumptuous dishes before me, crafted by good genetics or whatever. Mother Nature could be quite the chef. 

"Well then, I suppose we have all night to help you decide, ya?" May preened. She pressed me gently onto the bed. "You know, I think you owe me for setting this up." She quickly peeled off her panties and moved over me. Straddling me at first, I was greeted by moisture and heat from the cleft between her legs, then the soft feeling of her breasts being dragged up my chest punctuated by tough, erect nipples. She planted a soft kiss on my lips then sat up and made her intentions clear as she sat up and scooted her moist sex over my face. I dove in, probing her tender flesh with my tongue. The confined enclosure I found myself in was stifling, especially as the heat and a musky but very feminine scent wafted from her loins. Yet it wasn't altogether uncomfortable. May squirmed and moaned with my efforts, rewarding me with sounds I've wanted to elicit out of that beautiful mouth for months. 
