 When my husband’s good friend Woody pulled up outside of our house, and I had my first look at him. I can tell you it was LUST at first sight!

The crotch of my panties grew wet, my nipples hardened. My heart rate went erratic by just the site of him…

Oh, my god, what kind of wife, am I, I kept thinking. Thinking about another man in this way. Not only that but one of my husbands good friends. Still, I could not help but think about the way his pants molded to his dick, and the bulge underneath that I imagine is one big ass set of balls. I must be the biggest whore to think like this, but believe me I have no control over it… 

I kept thinking to myself, I have to get some control. Have to control these feelings. What if Jimmy, my husband figures it out? What if he sees the reaction I have when Woody is around? If he should call me on it, I would not nor could I lie to him. 

I guess I probably fantasized about Woody for a couple of years before I finally got the chance to come clean… Boy, I tell that was a real relief, getting it off my chest. I felt so guilty. I can say that I never imagined Jimmy was Woody while we were fucking, but I did fantasize about Woody while I was by myself, in the shower or in bed alone… Hell, who am I kidding, I fantasized about him just about anywhere.

One night while we were in bed, I myself brought up the subject of fantasizing. I said, “ Jimmy do you ever fantasize about anyone else?” He of course denied it to start with, but eventually, admitted that he had. Then Jimmy asked the question; I had bated him for. He said, “ Why, have you ever fantasized about anyone else” Well, I have to say this made me nervous, so I at first denied it. “NO! Of course not, why would you think that?” Oh, my what do I do now, I kept wondering? “ Now, Tonya why would you bring it up if you haven’t?” he quietly asked me. 

Well, the more I thought about it the more I knew this was what I had wanted to start with and I needed and wanted to come clean. So I replied, “ Yes, Jimmy, I fantasize about Woody all the time, matter of a fact, I think about all three of us.” I prayed that he would not be mad or offended. Better yet, I hoped he was getting what I was saying… 

Well, believe it or not, instead of Jimmy getting mad about Woody, it had the opposite effect. It actually turned him on. Although, I do have to say it did take him a few minutes to warm up to it. Once he did though, it was really amazing. We talked way into the night about the things I had fantasized about. I am going to share with you one of the fantasies that I shared with him that first night.

We start off going into our bedroom, where I help them both remove their clothes. Then they return the favor, first starting with my shirt, then my shorts, next my bra and panties. I am very nervous now; it has been over eleven years since I have been with another man other than my husband. I can say though, that I get over my fears really fast when I see Woody’s huge cock. This is what I have wanted for a long time. My loving husband and his friend… 

I ask them both to lie down on the bed. I look admiringly at the two beautiful cocks laid out before like a feast. I think to myself, Tonya you are one lucky woman tonight. I first start kissing Jimmy’s chest and then Woody’s. I go lower a few inches at a time on both men. Finally, I get to the targeted area, their wonderful cocks…. I start sucking Woody’s first, then Jimmy’s. This is really nice, but I have waited so long to have this man in my pussy. So finally, I crawl back up over Woody’s belly, and straddle his thighs. I ease myself down slowly; I want to savor this moment. Woody has other idea’s, he slams me down impaling himself inside of me. I scream from the pain, and the pleasure. Jimmy walks over in front of me teasing me with his dick. Putting it up to my lips then pulling it away. He does this for several moments, thinking he can get by with it since I am riding another cock. But you see I love sucking my husbands cock, I love the control it gives me over him. He loses it all when my mouth goes down on him. So I finally grab his ass and jerk him forward, sliding his cock back to my tonsils. He moans in ecstasy as I suck and nibble on him and ride the hell out of Woody. Two cocks at once, this is part of what I had in mind. 

I can tell you this feels so good, riding Woody’s cock. It is so amazing and it feels better than I could have ever imagined it to. To top it all off, not only did I have a dick in my mouth but one in my pussy too! I start riding Woody a lot harder and sucking Jimmy a lot harder, I gyrate up and down on Woody, and lick Jimmy’s balls. Soon I feel Jimmy’s dick start to jerk, I know what this means. I pull it out of my mouth just in time to have him spray my face full. I look at him and tell him I love him and I lick the cum from around my mouth.

Jimmy decides to take a break watching as me and Woody continue to go at it. I kept riding Woody, and then I asked him to do me in my favorite position doggie style, I love to be fucked doggie style. There is just something about it that makes me go wild. He doesn’t say anything-just grabs me flips me over, and pushes me into position. It seems impossible that his huge cock is going to go all the way in my tight little pussy but it does. We fuck for a little while like this, and I am really enjoying it, but a light bulb just came on in my head. I asked Woody to flip me over so I could ride him again for awhile. He smiled, and said “ now just what do you have in that dirty little mind of yours now? I gave him the cat ate the canary smile and replied, “ you will see.”

After I had gotten what I asked for, me being on top of Woody again, I motioned for Jimmy to come back over. He walked slowly and teasingly over, slowly stroking his cock. Then he asked me what it was that I wanted, all the time with a huge smile on his face. I grinned as I looked up at him, and I said, “ Gee, honey I want you to fill my ass full of your dick!” He did not have to think about that one very long! 

He was behind me lubing me up in a matter of seconds. While he was doing this, Woody had stopped so he would not cum too soon. He knew what was up now, and I looked at him and smiled and said, “ I want both of you to fuck the hell out of me, I want you to fuck me so hard that I can’t walk for a week.” He looked at me and said,” your wish is my command.” 

I was lubed up and ready to go. I was so happy, here I was a couple of years down the road getting what I wanted, both my husband and the man I have fantasized about a million times or more. 

When I first felt Jimmy put his cock to my ass, I tensed up; Woody of course felt this, since he was still inside of me. He kept talking to me, trying to calm me down. It worked; just the soothing sound of his voice and his big ass cock was enough to get me straight quick. Jimmy pushed himself inside of me, and Woody started slowly bouncing me up and down on his cock. I have to say at first it hurt a little, but then it felt so damn good. We were all fucking really hard. Jimmy was tearing my asshole apart and Woody was absolutely fucking the hell out of my pussy. Hell, forget being able to walk in a week. I would be lucky to be able to walk next month. I have to say though that I loved this. This is what I had wanted for so long, what I had fantasized about while I played with my vibrators and dildo’s. This man, and my husband both at once.

I knew that they were both going to cum pretty soon. I wanted to be covered from head to toe in nothing but cum. My own juices along with Woody’s had already made a start running down my thighs. I wanted there cum on my tits, and on my face. Hell, I did not care where it hit at, as long as I was able to see them stroke those beautiful cocks in front of me and onto me!

With grins on their faces, and huge dicks standing tall they both agreed. As I lay there, they stroked their cocks while I fingered my pussy. It was not long at all, until I was covered from the top of my head to the tip of my little toe in cum! 

My pussy was so sore, my ass felt like it was on fire, and I was covered in cum. Not to mention that I probably would not be able to set down for a long while. I can honestly say though, that I was ecstatically happy. How many girls get to live out one of their fantasies and their husbands help them and aid them in it? Not to mention not get mad over it? I have to be the luckiest girl alive!