 PRELUDE

Liz Connors was seated between her two co-anchors for the morning news in Brad Jefferson's dressing room. The other news anchor Vern Wilson had joined them. Liz was still dressed in her mini dress that showed off her gorgeous legs. She was nervous but excited at the same time as the two handsome men caressed her shapely legs. For years now Liz had hoped to live out her fantasy of making with two men at the same time and she sensed that it was finally going to happen.

She had approached her husband of seven years many times about hooking up with another couple that she knew liked to swing. Her husband refused and even chastised her for thinking of such a thing. Liz had come close one time when she and her husband were on vacation. Dave said he was tired and went to bed early even though Liz wanted to hit the hotel Jacuzzi before turning in. She decided to go without Dave and she ran into two young hunks in the hot tub.

Liz was in a very revealing bikini when she entered the Jacuzzi and her curves did not escape the young men's eyes. They also noticed her wedding ring and assumed she was a horny wife looking for action. It didn't take long before Liz was seated between the two studs and letting them fondle her. Her bikini bottom had been pulled to the side and her pussy was being fingered under the water. Liz also had an impressive cock in each hand as the guys had pulled them out through a leg opening in their swim suit. She was really turned on and she was ready to go to their room if they asked. 

Dave had changed his mind and decided to join his wife in the Jacuzzi. As he walked toward the hot tub, Liz spotted him and alerted the two men that her husband was coming. The two guys moved away quickly tucking their stiff cocks back in their swim suits as Liz covered her pussy. Dave smiled at the two guys and entered the Jacuzzi to sit with his wife. Once their erections had subsided the two guys left the hot tub and said goodnight to Dave and Liz. It had been so close and Liz was frustrated by the failed attempt.

Now as she sat between her co-anchors she was sure it was finally going to happen. Brad and Vern were also married but they fooled around quite a bit. For a month now they had admired Liz's beauty and her gorgeous gams. She was proud of her legs and she always wore mini skirts or mini dresses. That day she had one a mini dress that was very short but also full. It was easy for the guys to run their hands under her skirt and caress her legs all the way up to her panties. They had been dying to see what was at the end of those lovely legs and they were about to find out.

Brad unzipped the back of her dress and let the front fall into her lap. Next he unhooked her bra and released her firm pert tits. Vern reached under her dress and pulled her panties down and off of her legs. He knelt in front of her and parted her legs so he could lick her pussy. Brad was fondling her lovely breasts and tweaking her hard nipples. He also unzipped his fly and fished his cock out so that Liz could hold it. She was impressed with the size of Brad's cock and hoped that Vern was equally endowed. 

Vern was an excellent cunt lapper and Liz had a very quick orgasm. Things moved quickly after her first orgasm and soon they were all naked. Liz could barely contain her excitement. All she could say to herself was that it was finally going to happen. She would experience her first threesome and she was anxious to get the cocks in her mouth and her pussy. Brad sat on the sofa with Liz sucking his cock as Vern entered her from behind with his sizeable cock. Brad and Vern had more things planned that day for Liz than she would have ever imagined.

LEADING UP TO THE THREESOME

Liz graduated from college with a major in Journalism and she bounced around from job to job before landing the co-anchor at the news program. Dave was a successful CPA and earned a very good living. The two of them liked to travel and went to Europe and other interesting places on their vacations. They were happily married except that Liz had the itch for group sex. She secretly watched some porn and saw very beautiful women engage in threesomes.

As much as she pressed Dave on the matter he always dismissed it. Liz was 30 year old when she landed her co-anchor job. Her two colleagues were in their early thirties. Brad was 32 and Vern was 34. They were both handsome fit guys who looked to be in great shape. Liz was the darling of all the morning news shows and the rating had gone up once she was hired. She always wore very short skirts and displayed her drop dead gorgeous legs. Liz had a nice 34-26-35 figure and she too stayed in shape. She had blonde hair that she kept short and she was well tanned. 

Once she arrived on the set, Brad and Vern went gaga over her and schemed to seduce her. Little did they know that Liz was hoping for the same thing? On their breaks during the broadcast they flirted with Liz and eventually became very touchy. Liz pretended to be put off by their advances but by the end of each show her panties were soaked. Often when she got home she would use her favorite dildo to climax. Liz had begun using the dildo on her pussy when she was sucking her husband's cock, simulating a threesome. Occasionally when she was horny she would use it when Dave was not at home.

After three weeks on the set Liz wondered if Brad and Vern would ever make their move. Finally after a month Brad invited her to join him and Vern for mimosas in his dressing room. Liz hoped that this was the day they would make their move. She agreed to have a drink with them and after a few mimosas they were in the mood. The guys began caressing her legs and turning her on.

"You know Liz for a month now we have been wondering what those gorgeous legs lead to," Vern began.

"I'm not sure we should be doing this," Liz faked her objection.

"Oh but we should. We know that you want it and we have been dying to see you naked," Brad added.

By then Brad had her dress unfastened and her bra off. He fondled her lovely tits as Vern continued to caress her legs and fondle her panty covered pussy. Liz knew her panties were sopping wet and that Vern could feel her excitement. She made no effort to stop him when he removed her panties and in fact she lifted her hips. Next her dress was removed and she was completely naked in front of her co-anchors for the first time.

"Very nice," Vern announced as he lowered his face to her pussy. 

Liz leaned back against the sofa and as she did Brad turned her face toward his cock that was poking out through his pants. Liz took the 7+" shaft in her hand and ran her tongue over the soft mushroom head. Brad gasped as she teased him with her mouth and tongue. As Vern continued to eat her, Brad moved away and took off his clothes. He sat back on the sofa next to Liz and fondled her tits and rock hard nipples. 

Vern got up and moved Liz to all fours so that she could suck Brad's cock as she knelt on the floor. He then undressed and got behind Liz. "I have been waiting to do this for weeks," he said as he eased his nearly 8" cock into her pussy. Vern fucked her slowly and fondled her curvy buttocks. This was Liz had been hoping for, a cock in her mouth and one in her pussy at the same time. She was consumed with the lust of the moment. 

Both men were incredibly turned on and they did not last long. Brad warned Liz that he was cumming but she went right on sucking his cock. He loved it when a woman swallowed his load and he was thrilled that Liz was one of those women. Vern pulled out and shot his load on Liz's ass and back. He didn't cum in her because he knew they would be eating her pussy again. Brad gasped as Liz swallowed every drop and sucked him dry. 

"We are going to give you a special treat," Vern told her.

Brad stretched out on the sofa and Liz was told to sit on his face. Brad slipped his into her pussy and licked her clit. As Brad was busy with her pussy, Vern shocked Liz when he began to rim her. No one had ever licked her anus and she went wild with the sensation. She thought it to be so naughty, so wicked and yet so exciting. With Brad sucking on her clit and Vern probing her anus with his tongue, Liz had a massive orgasm. She had to cover her mouth in Brad's should so that the studio would not hear her cries of ecstasy.

Liz limp body rested on top of Brad as they let her recover from the intensity of her climax. She was then moved down where she was guided onto Brad's cock and once again her vagina was stuffed with cock. Brad moved under her and got her juices flowing again and then she began to ride him. She felt something at her anus again but she knew it wasn't Vern's tongue. Liz felt a cool substance enter her anal passage and then she felt something moved around inside her. She had never had anything in her ass until Vern's tongue that day and she was confused as to what he put in her.

Vern had put a lubricant applicator in Liz's bottom and injected the substance into her. It was a special lubricant that would cause a numbing feeling so that one would not feel the pain of an anal intrusion. Vern and Brad were convinced that Liz was an anal virgin so they took precautions with her. Liz was focused on Brad's cock in her pussy and the tingling sensation in her rectum was an added turn-on. She felt another orgasm being to build within her and she rode Brad harder and faster.

Liz felt another intrusion around her anus and then it happened. It one smooth steady notion Vern eased his big dick into her ass. If it were not for the numbing lubricant, Liz would have screamed in pain. She felt the intrusion and she felt very full and bloated. Liz sensed that Vern had stuck his cock in her ass but she was confused as she felt no pain. She was stuffed and at first unable to move. Vern fucked her slowly and matched the strokes from Brad. Liz felt she was about to explode as she had never felt anything like this in her life.

As the two men drilled her Liz was beside herself. When she had fantasized about a threesome she had always thought it would be vaginal and oral. She had never anticipated a double penetration. Liz was still confused over the sensation in her ass. She could feel Vern's cock moving in and out but she was not in pain although she felt bloated. Trying to come to her senses before she reached her crescendo, she called out, "I don't want to do this. Not in my ass, please take it out."

"Oh no Liz, I have been dreaming about this day. I have thought about your ass for sometime now. When I'm done, Brad is going to fuck your ass too," Vern responded.

"I didn't want it to be like this. I've never had anal sex," Liz whimpered.

"We knew that and that's why I used the special lube. Now that you have had my cock you will be able to handle most cocks in your ass. Oh and by the way, we will continue to break you in after the broadcasts," Vern told her with a chuckle.

Liz was about to protest some more but she felt her crescendo building and then she exploded. Sensations that she had never felt shot through her body and she thought that she might pass out. Her body went limp and she was only slightly aware of the two men moving in and out of her holes. Liz felt Vern thrust into her and fill her rectum with his seed. He pulled out of her and helped her disengage from Brad. She was placed on all fours and then she felt Brad enter her ravaged ass. Still there was only fullness and no pain, she was thankful for that. Brad pounded his cock in and out of her ass until he too stiffened and shot his load into her rectum. He pulled out and backed away and Liz could hear the two men talking.

"Isn't she something?" Vern said.

"Unbelievable, what a great ass," Brad acknowledged.

"Yeah and to think we were the first ones there," Vern added as he sat along Liz and caressed her lovely buttocks.

"Liz dear, you were terrific. You did a great job handling our two cocks. Would you like to try three the next time? We could invite Louie the camera man," Vern said in a mocking tone.

"I bet you would love that Liz, a cock in your pussy, another in your ass and another in your mouth," Brad chimed in.

The near lifeless body of Liz remained prone on the sofa as Vern massaged and fondled her buttocks. She had no idea how much longer they would be at her but she new that they had both cum twice. Vern and Brad got dressed and then they helped Liz put on her clothes. She walked gingerly out of Brad's dressing room and headed to the studio parking lot. As she approached her car she felt the whole world knew that she had been butt fucked by her co-anchors. Her mind was racing as she drove home and she knew that she had to tell someone about her debauchery. Liz decided to call her friend Trudy. She was thankful it was Friday and she didn't have to face Vern and Brad the next day.

TRUDY PROVIDES TLC

On Saturday morning Liz woke up feeling very constipated. She knew it had to be from the anal sex. After all she had taken two large cocks in her ass and both guys had cum in her rectum. Her anus was somewhat tender but she was not having severe pain. Dave left for golf and would be gone most of the day so Liz decided to call her friend Trudy. 

"Trudy, hi it's Liz. I was wondering if I could talk with you."

Hey, I just made a fresh pot of coffee. Why don't you come on over," Trudy offered.

"That's okay; I don't want to bother you. I thought we could talk on the phone," Liz replied.

"Don't be silly its no bother and I would love some company. Come on over," Trudy insisted.

"Well coffee does sound good and maybe it is better if we talk face to face," Liz accepted.

Liz got dressed and drove over to Trudy's home. Trudy had been divorced for over a year and she had made out very well in the settlement. She was dating here and there but she had no interest in a permanent relationship. Trudy was a beauty and most guys went crazy over her. Liz pulled into the driveway and then walked up to the front door. Trudy greeted her with the European style kiss and both cheeks and invited her in.

Liz walked behind Trudy and followed her into the kitchen. She couldn't help but look at Trudy's shapely legs and curvy figure. Liz watched closely as Trudy's buttocks undulated beneath her short robe. Liz found herself wondering what Trudy looked like naked. In spite of the fact that Trudy had just gotten out of bed, she looked beautiful. 

Trudy poured the coffees and then suggested that they sit in the family room. Trudy sat in a chair facing Liz and curled her legs up under her as she sat down. Liz subconsciously looked at Trudy's pubes almost as if she was trying to get a glimpse of Trudy's pussy. Trudy caught Liz's eyes and smiled at her. Liz blushed and mentally scolded herself for checking Trudy out. 

"So what's on your mind this fine day?" Trudy asked.

Liz told Trudy about her fantasy and then what happened at the studio. "Wow! That is some story. Are you okay?"

"Yes, a little tender but I'm okay. Just embarrassed and mad at myself for letting things get out of control."

"As long as you're okay, I've done anal many times and I enjoy it. My first time hurt like hell. I wonder what kind of lube the guys used on you to create that numbing feeling."

"I don't know but I guess I should be grateful for that at least."

"Liz, before you called I was just going to take a swim and then sit in the hot tub. Why don't you join me?" Trudy asked.

"Sounds good, do you have a swimsuit I can borrow." Liz replied.

"Oh, don't worry about a swimsuit. It's totally private out back and I swim and sunbathe in the nude all the time. Come on join me," Trudy urged.

"I don't know. I haven't been skinny dipping in quite a while," Liz giggled.

"Well I'm sure that you have seen naked girls before and it just the two of us," Trudy snickered.

Liz watched as Trudy walked out the patio door and wiggled her finger at Liz to follow her. As if in a trance Liz walked out on the pool deck and looking around she saw that it was indeed secluded and private. Liz watched as Trudy slipped off the short robe and dropped it on a lounge as she walked passed it. As Liz had suspected, Trudy was naked under the robe and now Liz stared at the gorgeous shapely blonde. Trudy had no tan lines and her skin seemed to be flawless. Liz actually envied the pretty blonde with her nice size firm tits, curvy ass and shapely legs.

Trudy then dove into the water and knifed cleanly through it hardly making a splash. Liz watched as Trudy easily swam to the other end of the pool with steady smooth strokes. Trudy was an accomplished swimmer. Trudy looked at Liz and yelled to her.

"Come on in, the water's fine but you may want to take off your clothes first," Trudy teased.

Liz decided to go for it and she stripped off her shirt, shorts and panties. She was slightly embarrassed with her nudity so she quickly entered the swimming pool. Liz simply jumped in dispatching the notion of trying to dive. Liz was a decent swimmer and she glided easily through the water. The two young women swam for several minutes and then rested in the swallow end of the pool.

"Are you ready for the hot tub?" Trudy asked

"I guess so, sure," Liz responded.

The two women got out of the pool and they both checked each other out. Trudy made Liz nervous when she stared at Liz's body. Trudy smiled and then spoke.

"Liz, with your tan lines in looks like your wearing a white bikini. By the way you have a great looking ass," Trudy said with a sultry smile.

"Thanks! You have a beautiful figure," Liz said as she blushed slightly.

"I'm not surprised that your co-workers went after your ass. It's beautiful," Trudy stated and then asked, "Is Dave into your ass because he should be?"

"No he's not into anal sex at all," Liz replied shyly.

"His loss," Trudy said as she turned on the jets for the hot tub.

Trudy then slid sexily into the bubbly water and leaned her head back on the side of the tub. Liz entered the tub and sat across from Trudy. They both sat with their heads back and their eyes closed as the jets caressed their bodies. Liz moved and as she did one jet propelled the water into the crack in her ass. At first she was startled by the surge but then she relaxed and let the water run over her anus. Liz liked the feeling of the warm water caressing her nether hole. She found the right distance from the jet and then she tilted her head back and closed her eyes again.

The two young women sat quietly in the hot tub and let the water soothe their bodies as the jets spurted water over their intimate areas. Liz was getting turned on by the jet hitting her anus and she felt a mild orgasm pass through her body. She decided then to talk to Dave about putting in a hot tub at their home. Liz opened her eyes and looked over at the beautiful Trudy who had her head back and her eyes closed. Liz found herself wondering what it would be like to make love to a woman, not just any woman as she was thinking about Trudy.

Just then the jets turned off and the water came to a rest. Now both naked bodies were visible again and Liz stared at Trudy's beauty. Trudy gracefully eased her body out of the hot tub and Liz watched intently when Trudy walked over to get some towels. Trudy's ass was magnificent and Liz took in every sexy movement of the rolling hillocks. Trudy retrieved a couple of towels and then gave one to Liz as she exited the hot tub.

"I'm going to make us a light lunch and then we can sunbathe and you can tell me more about living out your fantasy. Are you cool with that?" Trudy asked hopefully.

"Sure that sounds great," Liz accepted and then moved to put on her clothes.

"Oh leave those there. I'll get you a robe. Here put this one on and I'll get another," Trudy offered.

Liz accepted the short terry robe from Trudy and put it on. The soft terry material felt great against her naked skin and Liz felt very sexy. Trudy walked naked into the house with Liz right behind her and once again Liz's eyes focused on Trudy's ass. Trudy walked down the hallway to a bedroom and returned shortly wearing a similar terry robe. Trudy made them a salad for lunch and opened a bottle of white wine. They dined in the sun room and finished off a glass of wine. Then they tidied up after lunch and they took a second glass of wine out to the pool deck.
