 Bronnie and I had been great friends for years. In high school we started dating at around the same time with two guys who were in the same group. We both lost our virginity at the same party – we hadn't discussed it beforehand, but giggled about it afterwards when we found out. We'd had a little fun together – I guess it's called experimentation – and our friendship has turned out all the stronger for it.

There was one thing we hadn't done, however, and that was share a guy. I'd never had sex with someone Bronnie had done, and vice versa. The opportunity or desire had just never arisen, although while cuddling after our little lesbian activities we'd both bemoaned the fact neither of us owned a dildo because we could use a good hard fuck right about then. Conversation then drifted towards sharing a guy – at the same time. This got us even more excited, so we each helped the other get some satisfaction.

One weekend Bronnie called me. "Jules, we're going out tonight," she said.

"Sure!" I replied. "Where were you thinking?"

"Well, I thought we could go into town, go to a few nightclubs, find a nice looking guy and give him his ultimate fantasy," she replied. I laughed.

"What?" I asked.

"You want to fuck some guy with me, don't you?"

"Well, sure…I didn't think we'd plan it, but…"

"But nothing!" said Bronnie. "If we don't plan it then it's never going to happen. Are you keen?"

"Well…okay!" I said.

I took extra care deciding what to wear that night. I ended up choosing my pale pink shirt with the zip down the front and a short black skirt. I liked to wear pink – my hair is a medium brown that goes really well with the colour, and hung down to about the middle of my back.. My breasts were firm and not too big or small – I couldn't go without a bra, but they weren't so large that they were saggy.

Bronnie arrived at my house at about 9 to have a few drinks before we left. I think Bronnie is gorgeous. She has blonde hair that's cut quite short and a lovely slender body, almost like a boy's. Her hips and thighs are both slim, and her tits were small. She could go quite easily without a bra, in fact, it looked like she was going braless tonight.

After a few drinks we headed into town. The first club we went too was nearly empty – I guess the hour wasn't yet late enough, or it was just a crappy club. The next place was much more promising. The bouncers were attractive, and the place was pumping with bodies dancing. We had a drink for luck, then headed onto the dance floor.

We danced together for a while, inspecting the guys at the club. Some I found attractive, but when I pointed them out to Bronnie she wrinkled her nose. She found one guy interesting, but I vetoed him when I saw what I presumed was his girlfriend start dancing and grinding with him.

Finally we found a man we could agree on. He was dancing with several girls one after another and didn't seem t be attached to any of them. He then left the dance floor for a drink, stopped at a table and chatted to a group of guys we assumed were his friends, then got back on the dance floor.

"Jules!" Bronnie yelled in my ear over the loud music. "I want him! What do you think?"

"Let's try it!" I yelled back. "His friends are here – they might not believe it unless they see it!" Bronnie laughed.

We danced our way over to the guy. He looked at us both, raised his eyebrows and started dancing with us. He seemed to like the look of Bronnie, as he danced very close to her. She responded by raising her arms over her head and squirming into him. I took a cue from this and got behind Bronnie, dancing close to her. She looked at me over her shoulder briefly, then nodded as we had arranged. She moved even closer to the guy, and I slipped my hands around the front of her, feeling her pert breasts. The guy's eyes widened. He looked at Bronnie who lowered her eyelids seductively, then at me, so I licked my lips suggestively. Bronnie got on her tiptoes to speak into the guys ear.

"I'm Bronnie," she said, "and this is my friend Jules."

"Hi, I'm Robert," he said.

"Would you like to go somewhere and fuck?" asked Bronnie. I hid my face so Robert couldn't see me giggling.

"What? Are you serious?" asked Robert incredulously.

"Completely serious. Let's go." Said Bronnie. She broke away from him and started walking to the exit. I moved in closer to Robert and brushed my hand against his crotch before also turning and walking away. We found ourselves outside, but no sign of Robert.

"Do you think we scared him off?" asked Bronnie. But then there he was. It seems he must have gone and told his friends what he was about to do, because I could see one of them surreptitiously looking out through the door at us. I blew him a kiss and he disappeared.

We each took one of Robert's hands and walked towards a nearby motel. Bronnie and I had agreed to do this in a motel because we didn't want a stranger in either of our houses…although looking at him I wasn't sure I wanted Robert to remain a stranger! He was very good looking – firm, tall body but not too "cut" looking, dark curly hair he probably hated but girls generally loved, and a terrific smile – all even, white teeth.

We paid for a room and took the elevator to the fifth floor. The room was nice – we didn't want to be screwing this guy in a seedy dive of a motel, so we chose a rather more up market place. The room contained a queen sized bed, a small table and two chairs, and two other doors. One turned out to be the bathroom and one the closet.

Now we were here, I wasn't quite sure what to do. Bronnie took charge, turned on the bedside lamps and switched off the overhead light. I immediately felt better and suggested a shower. Bronnie heartily agreed and started taking off her clothes. Robert's eyes widened again as he watched Bronnie and I strip in front of him. We stretched it out a bit longer than was necessary, just to see the look on his face and the lump in his pants grow bigger and harder. 

Finally we were both naked, Robert still fully dressed, sitting on the bed. Bronnie approached me, looked into my eyes and started kissing me. We are both about the same height so it's quite nice to kiss her while we are standing.

"Oh God," moaned Robert. My hands again wandered to Bronnie's small breasts, gently rubbing them. Bronnie's hands were rubbing my lower back and ass. I looked over at Robert who looked like he was just about ready to blow then and there.

"We're going to get in the shower now. Feel free to join us." I said. We went into the bathroom which contained a good sized shower – enough for all three of us with a little bit of room left over. Bronnie ran the shower reasonably hot and we hopped it and started soaping each other.

Bronnie whispered in my ear, "Can I lick your pussy? I think Robert would like to see that when he comes in." I smiled and nodded – Bronnie was great at oral and I loved it when she made me cum. She knelt on the floor on the shower in front of me while I leaned back again the wall. The water was running down my breasts and stomach and over Bronnie's head. She closed her eyes and moved her mouth towards my waiting cunt. She started by gently licking my lower lips before starting a flicking motion on my clit. I moaned and squirmed against her. I didn't hear the shower door open, but suddenly Robert was there, nude, in front of me. I took a quick look at his body from my lowered lids. As I could tell when he was closed, he had a nice, firm body, not too cut. He had no hair on his chest but a little on his stomach leading towards his cock.

His cock looked fantastic. Erect, of course, it was pink and good-sized, about 7 inches or so, with a large head. I was getting ready to cum from Bronnie's ministrations, so I reached out to Robert for him to come closer. I put my hand on the back of his neck and pulled his head towards mine. "I'm cumming," I whispered to him, and kissed him deeply as my orgasm rushed through me.

Bronnie stood up after I had cum and started fondling Robert's dick and balls. We broke apart, I was panting from my orgasm but still feeling horny. Bronnie took over where I left off and starting tongue kissing Robert. I took the initiative to kneel before him and start sucking on his cock. He seemed a little startled when he first felt my tongue licking up and down the length of his penis, but he didn't seem upset about it, so I kept going.

I licked his penis and also his testicles, which he seemed to like, so I took them one at a time into my warm mouth. The water was rushing over me, but everything just felt so warm and clean that I didn't mind. I took his cock into my mouth and started pumping gently. I didn't want him to blow his load too soon – what if he only had one good one in him? But I was too late. His hips bucked towards me and suddenly my mouth was full of his hot juice. I'd never been too impressed with swallowing, but his tasted great. I eagerly drank it down and lapped up any that spilled out the sides of my mouth.

Bronnie looked down at me, disappointed. "I hope you can go again!" she said to Robert. 

"Of course!" he said, and turned off the shower. We toweled off and headed for the bedroom. He seemed to know what he wanted so he took charge. He positioned himself, Bronnie and me on the bed in a circle so that he was licking my pussy, I was licking Bronnie's and Bronnie was sucking on his already rising member. Robert was almost as good as Bronnie at licking me. He had a little bit of stubble which tickled my thighs but didn't hurt. Bronnie's cunt tasted as good as I remembered. She would go and get a Brazilian wax every now and then and must have had one recently because she was smooth and silky. I happily licked at her clit while fingering her wet hole.

After a while, Bronnie pushed me away from her, and motioned that I should come and join her at Robert's dick. He looked down and saw what we were going to do and closed his eyes in pleasure. Bronnie got on one side and me on the other, and we started licking up and down the sides of Robert's penis. When we got to the top, we would sometimes kiss each other, our tongues mingling with the cock between us. By this time I really wanted to feel Robert's delicious cock all the way inside me, so I straddled him and eased his penis slowly into my dripping pussy. Robert and I both groaned at the contact. Bronnie didn't want to just watch, so she straddled Robert's face so he could lick her out while he fucked me. I leaned forward to get the most contact between his dick and my clit and started a rhythmic motion, up and down, squeezing his manhood with my vaginal muscles. By leaning forward, Bronnie's creamy back and ass were quite close. I kissed her back on each upward motion, getting closer and closer to her ass crack. I wondered if she would like it if I kissed her ass hole? As a test, I rubbed her bottom with my hand, slowly moving closer to the crack. My fingers touched her brown ass hole and she moaned. I wasn't sure if it was from my touch or Robert's tongue, but I decided to throw caution to the wind. I leaned forward and touched my tongue to her ass. 

Bronnie turned her head to me, so I stopped. "Don't stop!" she said to me, so I kept going. Each upward thrust, I also thrust my tongue into my best friend's ass. "What's she doing?" I head Robert mumble to Bronnie.

"Oh, she's licking my ass! She's licking my ass!" Bronnie screamed in pleasure. "You're licking my cunt and she's licking my ass!"

Hearing Bronnie so excited caused me to cum almost immediately. "Oh my God! I'm cumming again!" I squealed. "Yes! Yes! Yes!" I rode Robert's cock hard until my orgasm subsided. Bronnie started screaming, 'I'm cumming too! Aaahhh! Aahhh! Lick me! Lick my pussy! Lick my ass! Aaahh! Aaahh!." Her hips were thrusting on Robert's face so it was difficult to keep licking her ass hole, so I rubbed it with my finger and gently inserted it inside her. "Oh God yes! Fuck my ass hole! Fuck me! Fuck me!" she screamed.

Her orgasm left her limp, and she flopped onto the bed beside Robert.

"I'm not done yet," he said. "I still have to fuck Bronnie." Bronnie looked very peaceful.

"All right," she said. "But I want you to fuck my ass hole. Jules felt so good, but I want something bigger in there. And while you're fucking my ass, Jules is going to lick my tits and cunt again."

"I'm not going to argue with you!" laughed Robert. He positioned himself spooning Bronnie, holding her leg up under her knee, to allow me easier access to her beautiful vulva. I could see Robert gently testing Bronnie's ass. At first he seemed to meet some resistance, but pushed through it until his entire cock was plunged inside my friend's butt. He slowly started pumping.

"What are you waiting for?" Bronnie said to me. "Get over here!" I smiled, leaned over and kissed Robert, then kissed Bronnie on the lips, and started working on her gorgeous tits. I loved their small size. I could fit them easily in one hand each, which I did then, licking her puffy nipples, tracing my tongue down her stomach to her smooth lips, rolling her clit around my tongue until she came again and again.

Meanwhile, Robert looked like he was about to blow his load for the second time that night. His pumping of Bronnie's ass had become faster and harder, his balls slapping against her on each thrust. His eyes had rolled back into his head and he was groaning.

"I'm cumming" he said. "Oh God yes, I'm cumming!"

"Yeah baby! Cum in my ass! Cum in my ass!" screamed Bronnie. Robert pumped in that unmistakable way men have when they're reaching their peak. His juice could not be contained inside Bronnie's tight little ass and spilled out. He pumped a few more times before releasing his dick from its small prison and lying exhausted on the bed. Bronnie and I cuddled up to him, one on each side, and we drifted off to sleep.

Next morning included another shower, and some more sex before we said our goodbyes. Robert thanked us both profusely, saying he had a fantastic time and maybe he'd see us again some time?

"Sure!" said Bronnie. "And next time maybe you could bring a friend!"