 He was ready for dinner before she was. He always was, of course, but he never minded. He loved watching her make herself pretty for him. Of course, he never thought she needed to do anything to pretty up. She was always gorgeous to him. He never minded watching her get dressed though. It was sometimes more erotic than when she took her clothes off. He looked over, watching her slide her lacy boyshorts up her sexy legs, and loved how they hugged her sexy ass. It never got old. She pulled on a sexy bra, one of his favorites, and he felt himself stiffen a little as he watched. She was always surprised when he was ready to go again, but he couldn't help himself, she just turned him on more than he had ever thought was possible. She could tell he was watching, and she smirked into the mirror as she put on her makeup. Once she had all that done, she went to her suitcase and pulled out a little black dress. 

"Nice choice," he said, a smile on his face.

"I'm glad you like it," she replied as she slid the tight fabric up her sexy form. It fit her so well, hugging all her beautiful curves. She never saw herself the way he did, but it didn't matter. No matter how many guys, or girls, checked her out, she just never quite understood the allure that she had. Maybe that was part of what made her so sexy to him. She was beautiful in every way, and since she believed that only he saw her like that, he never had any competition. Not that he hadn't shared her before. Maybe he would get to again.

He walked over to her and whispered in her ear. "You don't get to be shy tonight. That's my only rule."

She looked up at him, a little smile on her face. "Yes, sir."

He smiled at her and took her into his arms, kissing her deeply. He loved the feel of her lips against his, while her body was tight up against him. She felt so good in his arms, and he almost forgot entirely about dinner. He never wanted to do anything more than just hold her sometimes. To feel her body pressed up against his, feeling their shared warmth, and the feel of her breath against his neck. She was perfect for him in every way. He loved her completely.

"I found this great local hangout for us to get dinner at," he said. "A barbecue and brew sort of place, live music, the works."

"Sounds like fun," she said, smiling.

They hopped in the truck and headed down the gravel road out to the highway. They made small talk as they drove, one of the things that always stayed strong in their relationship. They made sure to always talk, even if it was about nothing. They drove for a while, before he turned them off of the highway and into the parking lot of this big, log building. The place didn't look too busy, and they made their way inside. The girl that greeted them at the door was cute, but not either of their type. They made their way to a booth, sliding in across from an open dance floor. A band was beginning to warm up, and the music didn't sound too bad. They looked at each other and smiled, and a shadow darkened the table, causing them to look up.

Their waitress was a good looking girl, probably 25 or so. Average height, slight build, dark hair, full breasts, and nice hips. "Hi, my name's Kat, I'll be taking care of you tonight." He could watch her eye Kat up and down, and he grinned slightly. Just her type. "What can I do for you two?"

"What do you have on tap?" he asked.

"Bud, Bud Light, Coors, Miller Lite, Sam Adams," Kat replied. "We also have a couple homebrews, a stout, a summer ale, a porter."

"I'll have the porter," he said, and looked to her to see what she wanted.

"What's the porter like?" she asked, never taking her eyes off of the waitress.

"Its pretty delicious. It's got vanilla bean in it."

"I'll have that, then," she replied, and the waitress headed off towards the bar.

"You were checking her out pretty hardcore, my love," he said, smiling.

"Nuh uh!" she replied, blushing. "And, anyway, so were you!"

"At least I never denied it."

"Shut up, she was hot."

"I know, right?"

The two of them kept joking back and forth, looking around the place. There was a decent crowd, and everyone seemed to be having a good time. Kat came back with their beers, and they ordered some fried pickles to have before dinner. As the waitress walked back into the kitchen, our eyes were on her the whole way back, glued to the way her ass moved in her mini-skirt. They caught each other staring and had a laugh. The meal passed well, appetizer followed by some great barbecue, beers and good flirting. As they were nearing the end of their meal, the waitress came back, walking up as the two of them laughed.

"Did I miss the joke?" Kat asked, a smile on her face.

"Just having a good time," he replied.

"That's good, well, I'm sad to say, its the end of my shift, so I won't be taking care of you anymore."

"That's too bad," Han piped in. "We were enjoying your company."

Kat looked at her and smiled. "I was enjoying yours too. Just because I'm done working doesn't mean I won't be around."

"Well, that makes me happy," she said. "You should come have a beer with us when your done."

"I just might do that," Kat replied, grinning at her. "You won't leave before I get back, will you?"

"I promise, we'll stick around," he said, grinning at the both of them.

The waitress walked away, and the two of them looked at each other. Han had some red in her cheeks, and he felt a tightness in his jeans. He guessed they were both thinking the same thing. He did tell her that she wasn't allowed to be shy after all, and it had been a while since she had been with a woman.

He looked her deep in the eyes, smiled, and said, "You're allowed."

She grinned at him. "I hoped you would say that."

They drank a few more beers, some other waitress taking over their table. The new waitress was unimportant, as they sat waiting to see if Kat came back. She did, sliding into the both across from him, right next to her, smile on her face and a beer in her hand. The three of them made small talk for a while, enjoying each other's company. It started to get a little later, and they were all laughing and joking like they had known each other forever. She had that look in her eye, and he knew it was time for a change of venue.

"Well, Kat, its been great," he said, "but I think its time we headed back to our cabin before it gets too late."

"No, you can't leave," Kat replied, sounding disappointed. "We're having fun, and there is still beer to drink."

Han looked at Kat, and said, "Well, we have beer back at the cabin. You're welcome to come hang out with us there."

Kat looked at her, and then looked at me. Then, something must have clicked for her, and she said, "Let me grab my stuff."

He smiled. "We'll meet you at our truck if you want. It's a silver Tacoma."

"I'll be right out," Kat said.

The two of them got up and paid the bill, and then headed out to the parking lot. She was leaning on him, and her breathing was slightly heavy. She had a full smile on her face and he could tell what she was thinking. He unlocked the truck, and started it up. They leaned against it, waiting on their waitress. She walked up, a purse under her arm, and a light sweatshirt on against the evening chill.

He leaned over to her, and whispered in her ear, "Why don't you ride in the backseat with Kat?"

She smiled at him as he climbed into the driver's seat. The two girls hopped up in the backseat, and they headed back. The laughing and joking continued, the girls leaning up against each other and giggling. He pulled the truck back into the resort and then down the driveway back to their cabin. The three got out, and headed up onto the porch.

"I'm going to make sure the hot tub is on and ready," he said. "Why don't you two grab some beers and head on out?"

The two girls went inside as he took the cover off of the hot tub. He turned on the jets, and felt the water. It was a perfect temperature, ready to soak the cares of any day away. As he was peeling off his shirt, he heard the door open behind him and bare footsteps on the porch, accompanied by the clink of bottles. He turned around, smiling, to see the girls making their way over to the tub. They both grinned at him, handed him all of the beers and proceeded to take off their clothes. Neither one seemed the least bit unashamed, or even nervous at the idea of getting naked together. He set the beers down and followed suit, dropping his pants to the deck and climbing into the hot tub. 

The girls climbed in, taking seats across from one another, naked and soaking. They never stopped staring at each other, and the sexual tension caused a silence. Meanwhile, he was at his leisure to look at both of their beautiful naked bodies, covered in water and nothing else. He grabbed the beers and popped a couple of them open, breaking the tension by handing them to the girls. Both smiled at him, taking long swallows. 

He looked from the love of his life to the beautiful waitress, Kat. It seemed as if he was going to have to be the one who made the first move. Both women seemed to be in a trance, each just taking in the other's naked form. He slide closer to Hannah, not taking his eyes off of Kat, and kissed her on the neck. Kat just watched, fascinated, as his lips traced up the line of her collarbone and onto her shoulder. Hannah shuddered, and he looked at the waitress, smiled, and motioned her over.

"She loves when you do this," he said, tracing her neckline with his lips.

Suddenly their was movement in the tub as Kat slid across to the other side of her from him. He smiled at Kat, and she smiled back, before she began to lean in and place kisses on his lover's skin. She was shivering beneath their lips, as they traced her skin with their lips and tongues and teeth. He reached over and took Kat's hand, and placed it on Hannah's breast. Kat lovingly caressed it as he took the other one in his mouth. Hannah squirmed and moaned, enjoying the feel of both of them touching her. He looked up at her, and her mouth was open in ecstasy. He touched Kat's cheek, looking her in the eyes, and then guided her lips to Hannah's. 

It was like a thunderstroke in the air when their lips met. The two of them began kissing furiously, all modesty, and him, forgotten. Soon their hands were all over each other, rubbing each other's tits and grabbing each other's asses. He sat back and enjoyed the show, not bothering to hide his hard cock. The two of them weren't paying him any mind right now anyway. He watched them make out for a while, but the two of them seemed too shy to take the next step, so he grabbed Hannah's hand and placed it between Kat's thighs, right on her wetness. Hannah immediately began to rub Kat's clit furiously, making the waitress moan with pleasure. He sat next to them this time, on the other side of Kat from Hannah, watching her pleasure this other woman. While Han played with Kat's pussy, she looked at his hard cock with a smile on her face, and paused for just a second. She grabbed Kat's hand, and wrapped it around his cock before turning her attention back to the other girl. Kat started to furiously stroke his cock as Han made her cum again and again.

Kat took Hannah's hand away from her pussy, looked at her, and said, "It's your turn now. Sit on the edge of the tub."

Hannah did as she was told and Kat buried her face between her thighs, her tongue going straight to her pussy like an arrow. He had a wonderful view of Kat's pussy and ass as she was face deep in his lover's cunt. He stood up, and reached across Kat to Hannah's face, turning her head to look at him. Then he took his cock and slid it into Kat's tight pussy as Han watched. Kat moaned, and Hannah did too as he thrust his hard cock into the waitress' pussy. Both girls were moaning in pleasure and their sounds filled the night.

He pulled his cock out of Kat's pussy, and slid down, sliding his tongue across her asshole. She shivered, and he flicked his tongue back and forth on her tight little bud. Then he hardened his tongue, and began thrusting it inside her. She screamed in pleasure, her moans vibrating right into the pussy she was eating. Han was watching him lick her tight ass. 

"I want to do that," she said, and pried Kat's mouth of her pussy. She got down behind Kat and started to tongue her asshole with her tongue. 

Kat was leaning against the edge of the tub, and he moved in front of her and sat down. His cock was covered in her cum and she took her time to lick her juices off of him. Han watched her suck his cock as she liked Kat's ass and pussy. He knew he wouldn't last much longer, and he looked at Han. She knew that look, and moved up next to Kat and began sucking on his balls while the waitress sucked and stroked his shaft. That was all it took.

"I'm gonna cum," he said, and both girls leaned back from his cock and looked at him. Taking their cue, he stroked his cock at their faces, and his cum shot onto both of them as they kissed. Both of them were smiling as they licked his cum off of each other's faces. Then they took turns sucking on his cock until he was shaking and couldn't handle anymore. He kissed both of the girls, and the three of them leaned back in the hot tub, spent.

"Well, that was fantastic," Kat said, with a smile. "I didn't expect this when I went into work in the morning. I could do that again."

Han looked at her and smiled. "The night is still young."

TO BE CONTINUED...