 Before reading this, I would like to say that this is the second part to my other story "Fulfilling My Wife's Cuckquean Fantasy" and I recommend you read this first before reading this one. There are a couple of references that you will not get if you don't read the first one and you'll also have a better appreciation for the story—or at least that's how I'm like when I read.

Warning story contains concepts of: Anal, Ass to Mouth, Asslicking (on a girl), Anal Felching, and Lezdom. Again, like the first story, if you don't dig these things, then please do not read.

If you still choose to read this before the first part, I'll just summarize the first one for you, so you don't get confused. It goes a little something like this: My wife (Jenny) and I (Jack) come home from a wonderful anniversary dinner. Our friend (Lexi) knocks on our door crying about a break up. I go upstairs and find Lexi trying to seduce me and Jenny tied to a chair naked. It turned out that Jenny secretly started developing fantasies of me fucking other girls in front of her. She had me and Lexi fulfill that fantasy as something special for me and her for our 5th Anniversary. After we were done, Jenny tells Lexi that she won't get away with fucking her husband, me. She swats Lexi's ass and says she's going to 'punish' her now with my help and that's where this story begins. Enjoy.

*****

Lexi looked at me, then Jenny and asked, "Punish? What are you talking about Jenny? You asked me to fuck your husband for you and now you're  punishing  me for it?"

Jenny explained to her, "Sorry Lexi, another fantasy I started developing was being a Dominatrix, but Jack here is a dom, so it wouldn't really work. So, I wanted to try it on you. I'm sorry if I hurt your ass, I got carried away. I know you like it rough and you can be a dom or a sub. I just want to reverse roles a little."

"Well, you should have talk to me about it first."

Jenny had a look of shame on her face, Lexi was right. Jenny did act a little too impulsive—but I have to admit, that was really hot seeing her spank Lexi like that. I couldn't believe Jenny was trying to be a dominatrix. I'm the one who's the dom in our relationship and she's happily the sub. But here she is, dominating her friend. I would have never guessed Jenny had this side to her. But then again, I never would have guessed that she fantasized about watching me fuck other girls in front of her either. I was so caught up from all this that I actually didn't even notice my cock was hard again. 

Lexi broke the silence saying, "Well, you're lucky you gave me one of the best orgasms I've ever had and you're one of my good friends, so I'll play along and be your slave tonight. And besides, I've never seen this side of you before; it's kind of exciting me. I wanna see where this goes."

Lexi gave Jenny a wink after saying that. I couldn't believe that Lexi was up for this. I said to Jenny, "Baby, I've never seen you  this  dominant before. If you really wanted to be the dom, you should have talked to me about this."

There was one time where Jenny was the dom and that was when I was eating her pussy and ass out for over two hours, but again, that's another story. Jenny replied to me,

"I enjoyed being the dom that one day but I just didn't enjoy it as much as when you have me submit to you for some reason. I honestly enjoyed what I did to Lexi just now more than what I did to you. I just can't help but be submissive to you honey." 

We saw Lexi rubbing her sore ass and Jenny was concerned about the damage. She apologized,

"I'm so sorry Lexi, I didn't know I spanked you that hard, I'm so sorry, I just never took control like that before, it's just so new and exciting...Lexi?" 

Jenny and I were both worried that she may have overdid the spank. However, Lexi turned her head to Jenny and said, "It's okay, I mean after all, I did fuck your husband and degrade you didn't I? I'd say I deserved that punishment, wouldn't you say Jenny?"

It was obvious now that Lexi was going to help fulfill another fantasy.

SMACK! 

I notice Jenny didn't hit too hard this time. Lexi begged submissively,

"Ow! Jenny, please stop! You're hitting too hard!"

"Oh sorry Lexi, I can stop the spanking."

"Oh no honey, please continue, I'm role playing as your slave that has no say in whether or not if you spank her."

"Oh, okay Lexi, but if the pain or anything else is too much, let me know. Okay?"

"Of course."

Jenny said "good" then grabbed Lexi and pushed her to the bed. Lexi fell unto the bed with her back facing Jenny. Her upper body was lying on the bed and her ass was in presentation for Jenny.

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

"Ah!" Lexi screamed. It was so fucking hot to watch. I was extremely turned on to see my wife dominate another woman like that. While these girls were role playing as a mistress and slave girl, I was sitting here on the bed with my dick in my hand and  no, I'm not kidding this time.

"Oh yes, please Jenny! Please spank my ass! I'm such a bad girl! I need to be punished!"

Jenny grabbed Lexi by the hair and pulled her up to tell her,

"That's Mistress Jenny to you bi..."

"It's okay Jenny, you can be more rough with me and call me a bitch, slut, or cunt."

Just like Jenny to hold back and be considerate; she's too nice. Jenny spanked Lexi harder and raised her voice at her saying,

"What did I tell you to call me slave?!" 

Lexi screamed from the spanking and I could see that her eyes started to water. Jenny may have struck too hard. However, it got results. Lexi quickly submitted and answered Jenny fast.

"Mistress Jenny! Mistress Jenny!" 

Unfortunately for Lexi, Jenny didn't notice the tears forming. She just said, "That's right bitch! It's Mistress Jenny!" 

I leaned forward and could see that Jenny spanked Lexi  hard. I saw red hand prints on Lexi's ass. I reasoned in my head that Lexi may have a bit of regret telling Jenny to be more rough. She had a look of fear, excitement, and uncertainty on her face. Lexi begged submissively,

"Please Jen...Mistress Jenny, please don't punish my ass anymore."

Jenny was really getting into it, telling Lexi, "Well, your punishment isn't over yet slave." Immediately, Lexi turned over and put her ass on the bed so it wasn't exposed anymore. She had a frightened look on her face. Her reaction was very cute.

"Don't worry slave, I have a different punishment for you now. You're gonna put that tongue to good use."

Jenny turned around and bent over, sexily exposing her pussy and asshole. Lexi answered with a quick "Yes Mistress!" and immediately moved in to eat Jenny's pussy. As Lexi started to lick Jenny's pussy, she stopped her saying,

"Uh, what the fuck are you doing?! A pathetic slave like you doesn't deserve to eat my beautiful pussy..." Jenny spread her ass with both hands, exposing her beautiful tight little pink asshole, and continued, "...trash like you only deserves to eat my dirty asshole."

"Yes Mistress Jenny, I'm so low, I don't deserve your beautiful pussy." 

Lexi moved her tongue up, licking Jenny's asshole. She moaned instantly from the gentle touch of Lexi's tongue.

"That's a good slave. Keep eating my dirty asshole!" She complimented. Jenny was about to close her eyes and relax, but then she looked over to me. A naughty idea sparked in her head. She asked, 

"Honey, can you do me a favor?" 

"Sure baby, anything for you." I replied with a smile.

She smiled back while telling me, "I need you to get something for me, but I want to whisper it to you." 

"Okay." 

I moved towards her and she whispered in my ear, "I want you to get the blindfold, handcuffs, butt plug, anal beads, strapon, lube and the gag on the floor. But I want you to blindfold her first so she doesn't see anything." 

Yeah, we're a pretty kinky couple, but I'm sure you're not surprised at this point. Also, for the record, the strapon is used for me to double pen Jenny every now and then. No, she's doesn't fuck my ass. I'm not into pegging. So I told her "okay" and gave her lips a quick peck. I headed to the drawer where we kept everything and pulled out only the blindfold. I walked to Lexi and put it on her so she couldn't see the rest of the stuff. Lexi still continued licking Jenny's asshole despite having her vision being taken away. If anything, this most likely made it more exciting for her.

"Mmm, yes! Very good slave. Yeah, eat my asshole you dirty bitch! How does it taste?!"

"Oh it tastes so good Mistress, I haven't had a woman's asshole that tasted this good."

"Get your tongue nice and deep in my ass you fucking dirty bitch!" 

Lexi gladly continued; she alternated between licking around Jenny's little pucker and forcing her tongue up inside. I couldn't take it anymore, I had to join in. I put everything on the bed, except the gag and handcuff. I stood in front of Jenny and kissed her. She kissed me back and I put my tongue in her mouth so she could get some tongue on  both ends  so to speak. I cuffed Jenny's hands behind her back and gagged her. She loves being bound. She is the sub in our relationship after all.

I stuck my cock in her pussy and she gasped in a muffled voice "Oh fuck!" She was warm, soft and extremely wet from the assworship Lexi's giving her. This made it easy for me to slip in. Her pussy was spasming from my cock. In a muffled voice, Jenny moaned to me, "Oh honey, my pussy's been so lonely when I watched you fuck Lexi." 

I grabbed her beautiful breasts and squeezed them. She moaned again and had a complete look of bliss on her face. I pinched her nipples, then sucked on them. Her pussy was really leaking cum now. I decided to humiliate her a bit—she loves that.

"You like being fucked while you're bound and helpless, don't you?" 

She moaned in response.

"You love having your girlfriend's tongue in your ass while I fuck you because you're a dirty anally perverted bitch! Right?!"

Her eyes widened, I guessed that she wasn't expect me to say that. She turned really red and looked to the ground trying to hide her embarrassment. 

'Goddamn it Jenny! You are just too cute!' I thought in my head.

I pinched her nipples  really  hard and said "Answer me!" in a harsh tone. Jenny let out a muffled scream of pleasure. I removed the gag and asked her,

"My baby likes having another woman tongue fuck her asshole while I fuck her pussy, doesn't she?"

She face turned a darker shade of red as she looked at me and shyly replied "ye...ye...yes..." then looked away from me. I pinched her nipples again, but not as hard this time, while saying,

"Yes? Yes what?!"

"Oh! Yes! Fuck yes! I love having you fuck me with Lexi's tongue in my ass. I love having my ass licked! God honey, you're gonna make me cu—" 

I interrupted her sentence by fucking her harder. Jenny continued to squeal in pleasure, "Ah! Oh fuck! Oh Jack! Jack! Jack! Honey, I'm cumming!"

I pinched Jenny's nipples  hard—she loves it when I do that before she cums. Her pussy spasmed around my cock. Her heavy panting clued me in that she was only seconds away. I let go of her nipples and gave her a hug to hold her. As I held her, I reached back so we could hold hands while she was cumming. Jenny and I both agree that there was something romantic about a woman being held by her lover as she cums—with or without her friend's tongue in her ass. After Jenny finished climaxing, I removed the cuffs and whispered to her, "So what's next?" 

"I can't tell you to [pant] do everything, you choose, [pant] she's not only  my  slave."

That sentence put a smile on my face, one of devious lust. I kissed Jenny sweetly and pulled out of her sweet pussy. I went over to the toys to choose what to use on Lexi. I picked up the anal beads and put lube on it. Jenny saw this, so she pulled her ass away from Lexi. What went through my mind was,

'Wow, talk about dedicated, Lexi still kept her tongue in Jenny's ass, even after she came...or maybe she just loves rimming Jenny. God knows I do.'

"You did good slave, tell me, did you like your punishment?" 

"Oh yes Mistress, your ass is so beautiful with its pink tightness and it tastes so wonderfully delicious." 

"Good, now as a reward..."

I then shoved the anal beads in Lexi's ass. She screamed,

"Ah! Oh my God! Are those anal beads?!" 

'Bingo, she got.' 

"Oh! Thank you Mistress for pleasuring my ass."

Jenny took off the blindfold and Lexi noticed it was me working the beads in and out of her ass. She apologized,

"Oh, sorry Jack, I'm thanking the wrong person." 

SMACK! 

"Is that anyway to refer to your Master, slave? And how dare you refer to me as the  wrong person."

Lexis immediately apologized, "I'm so sorry Mistress, I'm so sorry Master, please forgive me." 

"And just how are you going to apologize? Huh?" 

I grabbed Lexi by the hair and said "I know a way." I forced her head to go down and take my cock in her mouth. She initially sucked on it gently, then she began to deepthroat me. As she deepthroated me, I fucked her ass with the anal beads. Her pussy was soaking wet from her naughty act. The warmth and wetness of Lexi's mouth felt amazing when she was sucking me off. However, Jenny wasn't satisfied with her quality.

"Can't you do anything right?! Let me show you how it's done!"

She pulled Lexi off and deepthroated me in one go. 

"God baby! Fuck!"

Jenny gagged on my cock, making the stimulation all the better. She was drooling from the excessive effort she was putting into it. Her eyes were watering and it was a whole lot better than Lexi's blowjob to be honest. When I thought that she couldn't pleasure me any further, she fondled my testicles. Jenny's mouth felt too good and I knew I'd be done in seconds. 

"Oh fuck baby! I'll cum if you keep going!" I warned her.

Jenny worked harder when she heard this; she gagged and deepthroated more, desperate for my cum. I yelled "I'm cumming baby!" and she stopped. As I shot my load in her mouth, she used her tongue to stimulate the bottom of my head. She looked me in the eyes as I came in her mouth. The warmth in her mouth, licking of her tongue and the passionate look she gave me with her beautiful blue eyes gave me such an indescribable feeling. It was something along the lines of 'It feels like I died and went to heaven.' When I was finished, Jenny licked around the tip of my cock and sucked out whatever was still inside of my head. She opened her mouth to show me and Lexi how much cum was inside and then she closed and swallowed.

"You see, pathetic trash like you could never please a man as good as me."

"Thank you for showing me Mistress Jenny, I'm sorry I couldn't do a better job Master. Please punish me for not doing a good job."

I decided it was time for Jenny to get some action. I told Lexi "Pleasure your Mistress some more then." Before Jenny could say anything, I quickly grabbed her legs and put them to her breasts. Her ass was now pointing to the ceiling so her pussy and asshole were up in the air, exposed, and her head and shoulders were on the bed. I get to eating Jenny's sweet pussy and Lexi started eating her ass again.

"[gasp] Oh Yes! That's it, fuck me with your tongues!" 

This was making me hard again. I felt Jenny's mouth on my cock. I see Lexi already deep in Jenny's rectum just wiggling away. Jenny's pussy was soaking wet and I licked up whatever of her secretion I could. I stuck two fingers in her pussy and she moaned, 

"Oh yes! That feels so fucking good honey!"

I kept fingering her and licking her clitoris for several minutes and then Jenny told me, "Oh yes! If you keep doing that, I'm gonna cum!" I fingered her faster and was intentionally stimulating her G-spot. I felt the buildup of cum getting ready to be released.

"Oh Jack!" was all Jenny could say before I pulled my fingers out. She squirted in the air like a fountain. I saw her asshole relaxing and clenching around Lexi's tongue. Her cum got all over the bed, the floor, and the three of us. When I released Jenny's legs, she caught her breath and then got up. She looked around to assess the damage she had done. She commanded Lexi,

"Clean us up!"

"Yes Mistress." 

Lexi licked Jenny's cum off of her first, then me. She licked up every drop and swallowed it all obediently. When she was finished, Jenny gave her a second command.

"Alright slave, get down on your hands and knees and lick my cum off the floor." 

Lexi wanted to protest but I think she really was afraid of Jenny when it came to punishment. She obeyed and started licking what was on the floor. To speed it up, she started to slurp it. 

SMACK! 

"Did I say you could cheat and slurp it?!" 

"No Mistress, I'm sorry."

As Lexi resumed licking the cum, Jenny blindfolded her again and put on the strapon. She removed the anal beads and lubed Lexi's ass. She spread Lexi's ass and pressed the head of the strapon against her asshole.

"Oh Master, please fuck my ass!" 

Jenny took off the blindfold and Lexi saw that it was Jenny who was about to enter her backdoor. 

"Guess again bitch!"

Jenny forced the strapon right into Lexi's ass. 

"Oh fuck! Oh Mistress that feels so fucking good." 

I felt a bit left out again, so I lube up the butt plug, came up from behind Jenny and push it against her asshole. Good thing that strapon purposely has openings for  easy access. 

"Jack! So naughty, trying to put it in your poor wife's little butt without warning." 

I felt her asshole relaxing. I said to Jenny "And what do you think you just did to Lexi a couple of seconds ago?" Jenny smiled and said "Good point." The butt plug entered and Jenny gasped from its sudden intrusion. Luckily, it's a small butt plug and Lexi did some stretching from the asslicking, so I didn't have to worry about taking some time to stretch her out first. I aimed my cock to her pussy and teased her with my head. I put the tip in and then pulled it out. 

"Oh honey, please don't tease me."

At this point, I would keep teasing Jenny but I just didn't feel like it anymore. I wanted to just start fucking her. So I slid my cock in her pussy as I played with her breasts again. Her pussy felt like it was trying to cling to my cock the moment it entered.

"Looks like someone misses my dick."

Jenny began to thrust her hips so she could get fucked by me and fuck Lexi in the ass at the same time. Lexi was pretty much done licking up the cum and was just enjoying the ass fucking. She reached back and playing with her clitoris while enjoying the strapon. 

Lexi was having fun, but Jenny was having the time of her life fucking her friend in the ass while getting fucked by me. The butt plug in her ass made the sex all the more stimulating. She pulled out of Lexi's ass and said, "Clean this cock bitch!" Lexi got to her knees and turned around to put the strapon in her mouth. Once she did this, Jenny continued moving, fucking my cock and Lexi's mouth. We fucked for a few more minutes. It had finally ended when Jenny moaning to me,

"Oh God honey, I'm gonna cum soon."

"That's because my perverted wife is getting turned on by seeing another woman do ass to mouth."

Jenny gets defensive "Uh, no! I just feel so good and..."

I pinched her nipples because I knew she's lying. "Stop lying to me baby! You love anal! Just admit it!"

Her only response was a moan. She was still not too comfortable admitting she loves anal. I talked dirty to her again by whispering, "Look baby, I know you love the sight of Lexi taking it up the ass, but I know that what really turns you on the most is when you have my tongue in  your  ass or when I stick my dick in your  tight. Dirty. Asshole." As I finish that sentence, I tugged on the butt plug in her ass.
