 Keys in hand, Lanie stopped by the door and checked the mirror one more time. She twisted back and forth to look at her ass, examined her teeth, fluffed her hair. And then she stopped to really look herself in the eyes. Expressionless, she gazed at her reflection. The woman in the mirror looked pale, and her eyes were huge and dark. She had put lipstick on, which accentuated her small mouth, what Kelly affectionately referred to as her Clara Bow mouth. Leaning closer, Lanie noticed her lips were trembling a little. She looked frightened.

Fuck it, she thought, opening the front door and slamming it behind her.

She elected to forgo listening to music on the way, opting instead for a cracked window with the heat blazing. She kept to surface streets and drove like a homing pigeon, wending her way over to Kelly and Jeff's. Twice she found herself rooting around in her purse for cigarettes, cursing each time she forgot about quitting. She had been driving this route for 10 years. She had driven it with her husband dozens of times, she had driven it drunk, but she had never driven it with such giddy apprehension. Fear and excitement warred in her belly as she absently cruised through town.  Lanie kept remembering all of the suggestive conversations over the years and spooning with Kelly while they shared a joint. Jeff walking in and sitting on the edge of the bed, slapping Kelly's ass and rubbing it through her jeans as they all talked and laughed. So many nights like that, while Evan was away.

She had always left just in time, scooting out at 2 in the morning and toddling home mostly uncompromised. Stripping down to just her damp panties and throwing herself on the bed, imagining Jeff's cock in her mouth and Kelly pushing 2 fingers up inside her, both of them fucking her all night. They knew she had always wanted it. They flirted and they teased, but in the end had always respected her wishes. She, in turn, burned with jealousy each time they took someone home. Kelly, of course, had to tell her all about it the next day.

Lanie allowed herself to imagine what it would feel like to be fucked by another man, by Jeff, whom she had wanted before he and Kelly even married. And there was so much unfinished business with Kelly, from years and years of drunken kisses, sweet girl-whispers, and giggling in the dark. Lanie pulled up into their drive feeling wired, like she'd just drunk six cups of coffee.

Kelly came running out in a sweatshirt and jeans, mugging at her and making hurry up gestures. Lanie couldn't help it, she started laughing and gathered her stuff. It'll be fine, it'll be fine, she muttered under her breath, steadying herself and launching out into the cold. Kelly was jumping up and down next to the front door, arms folded across her chest. But as soon as Lanie got close, Kelly leapt toward her and pulled her in the house.

Laughing, we burst into the room with a blast of cold air. Kelly shut the door behind us and chided me for being late.

"Jeff was saying you were gonna chicken out, Lanie!", she teased.

I laughed and hid my eyes for a second by pulling my scarf over my head. I had been trying to summon courage; that's why I was late. Opening my eyes, I started to shrug my coat off when I realized Kelly was already behind me to take it. 

"Oh, look. She's already takin her clothes off!" Jeff. Leaning against the kitchen wall with one hip cocked, jeans riding a little low. Cigarette smoldering in one cupped hand. I felt a pang in my pussy as I turned around and met his smile with my own.

"Don't worry. I have lots of layers yet." I lowered my eyes and threw my gloves on the table. Kelly popped up next to me with a glass of wine. She pointed at my shoes and I slipped out of them.

"You just drink some of that wine. And come in here and warm up some!" Jeff pushed away from the wall and sauntered over to me, putting his hand in the small of my back and offering me his cigarette. I took a long drag as he pushed me gently in the direction of the den.

He'd built a fire, and the warmth pulsed out from the hearth like pressure from a hand. Kelly had arranged the wide sectional close to the fire with several blankets piled on the floor. I blinked and swallowed. Jeff went up to the fire and began poking at it, mumbling something about heart of pine. Kelly walked towards him and pulled her sweatshirt off, revealing a tank top underneath. Taking a breath, I did the same. I couldn't help but glance at her breasts, larger than mine and stretching her top a little. Her nipples were hard, and their large, dark outlines were faintly visible through the fabric. She must have seen me looking, because she was kissing me before my sweater even hit the floor.

She'd been standing a couple of feet away, but suddenly she was so close to me I could smell her shampoo and feel her breath against my mouth. I gasped in surprise at her sudden proximity, still a little nervous, and she smiled. "I have wanted this for so long, Lanie...", she whispered, smoothing my hair back away from my face. My vision narrowed as the excitement inside me roared; nothing existed but Kelly.

She took my face in both hands and gently pressed her soft, wide lips to mine. Once, twice, and my mouth opened under hers like a flower. Immediately we had our arms around eachother, entwined, her tongue in my mouth and my hands in her long, black hair. She felt so fragile and familiar in my arms. I could feel every inch of her pressed against me, breast to breast, belly to belly, pelvis to pelvis. I may have moaned, I don't know. And at my back, I felt someone take down my hair.

My heart jumped when I realized Jeff had abandoned the fire and come up close behind me. My hair loosened and spilled down my back, and Jeff moved it aside. I felt his lips graze my neck and thought I would cum right there. Shivering, I kept my eyes tightly shut and my mouth on Kelly's mouth, losing myself in the kiss. My mind was whirling with sensory input, and for a moment I was bewildered as to how this could actually be happening, my nipples erect and painful from Jeff's lips on my neck. Kelly pushed against me slowly until my back was up against Jeff's bare chest and my ass against his hardening cock.

Releasing my hair for the moment, Jeff slid his hands up and down my arms, fingertips occasionally brushing my breasts, pressing against me steadily as Kelly and I eased into comfortable necking. She bit my bottom lip and I finally relaxed, giving in, leaning back against Jeff and pulling Kelly with me. I held her close to me with one hand at her waist and the other guiding the back of her head in our continuous kiss. I sucked gently at her lips, nipping her a little with my teeth, tracing the outline of our kiss with my tongue. 

Jeff slid his hands underneath my arms and slowly palmed my breasts, immediately finding the nipples and pinching them once, hard, before gently rubbing his palms against the very tips. That time I definitely cried out in Kelly's mouth, and she pulled back for a breath. I watched her look up, over my head, and smile into Jeff's eyes.

I heard and felt his voice rumble against my back as he directed Kelly to strip. I had never heard him address her this way. I began to move away, but he pulled me back against him, whispering, "Oh, no. You're not going anywhere, Lanie." One hand held my right breast, and the other slid down and pressed against my lower belly, just barely grazing my mound with his fingertips.

It was different when Kelly broke contact and began undressing. I couldn't see him, but Jeff held me now, in a way that we had never touched before. My faith in him was absolute, my lust for him reaching newer heights with each passing moment. And I was more than a little afraid of him, which just made it more arousing.

As Kelly slowly pulled her top over her head, sillhouetted by the fire, Jeff began to pull mine off, too. She and I locked eyes as she took every piece of her clothing off, taking her time, with Jeff standing behind me and undressing me at the same pace. Kelly and I emerged in this way.

Naked now, I could feel his cock throb against me through his jeans. Kelly was nude, not three feet away from me.  My arms were up behind me holding Jeff against me, breasts thrust out toward Kelly. The nipples were hard and standing out from Jeff's rolling and pinching. As Kelly walked toward us, Jeff gathered my wrists behind me in one hand and slid the other down my abdomen to cup my pussy. My mind was frantic, but it lost the battle when he slid just one finger between the swollen lips and barely grazed my clit. I cried out, and heard – felt – him laugh. Kelly walked up to me and bent to one breast, engulfing my nipple and teasing it with her tongue. Abruptly Jeff withdrew his fingers, leaving me aching.

Overcome with emotion and desire, I sank to my knees on the blankets. Kelly joined me and pushed my shoulders back toward the floor, taking one of my breasts in her tiny hands and closing her mouth over the nipple, biting gently, rolling it back and forth. My eyes were closed now, my hands in Kelly's hair, one knee bent, turning toward her. She pushed me down again and kissed me hard. I heard a rustle above me and cool silk fluttered down to my face as Kelly disengaged. I reached up to move it, but she said, "shhhh" and smoothed it against my eyes and forehead. "Raise your head up a little", she whispered. And I realized that Jeff had circled around behind me and they had just tied a scarf around my eyes...

My breathing quickened even more as I felt movement around me. I was completely exposed for the moment, flat on my back and naked in front of Jeff for the first time, spread out at his feet. I had originally thought my anxiety would prove difficult to overcome, but all fear had left me with the application of the blindfold. Now all I wanted was to be fucked.

Jeff's zipper sounded incredibly loud over the crackling of the fire, and Kelly's warm, soft breasts began sliding up my smooth legs. I could feel her nipples against my skin, surely as hard as they could get. Her long hair brushed my sides as she kissed my thighs. Involuntarily I widened my legs a little, giving her access, new excitement blooming inside me. And then I felt Jeff kneel next to my head, smoothing my hair away from my face. A small pillow was placed underneath my neck. I moaned with anticipation and opened my mouth invitingly.

Kelly parted my thighs a little more and placed small kisses here and there, avoiding my pussy. Frustrated and dizzy with sensation, I gave up and spread my knees wide, wanting to feel her mouth there. Another pillow was placed under my ass. Kelly wrapped her arms around my thighs and lay between my legs, her breath hot against my swollen cunt lips. I dug my fingers into her hair and tried to wait for her. Sensing movement behind me, I became aware of Jeff's naked scent, clean and musky. He adjusted the pillow under my neck and tilted my head back, and then his long, hard cock slid into my waiting mouth. I groaned in my throat, shocked and pleased at the size of it, my mouth stretched to its limits around his width. I felt his wet thumb at my lips, rubbing them and then pushing into my mouth with his cock.

At that moment, Kelly gently ran one finger down the front of my pussy, gathering wetness on the way down. And then her tongue traced the same path like a feather, barely there. On her way back up the slit, her tongue caught the underside of my clit and I jerked, briefly pulling her toward me with her hair. She didn't resist, instead gripping my ass with her hands and taking my entire clit in her mouth and sucking hard on it. Jeff started pumping his cock in and out of my mouth, his hands holding my head on either side. It was too much; my back arched and I started cumming. As my hips began to rock underneath Kelly, she deftly slid 2 fingers straight up into me and I shouted around Jeff's cock, my voice muffled. Jeff slid one hand down and pinched one of my nipples, twisting it a little, never breaking his stride.

Kelly continued to fuck me with her fingers, her mouth a tight seal around my clit and her tongue flicking it back and forth. I guided her head with my hands and groaned continuously around Jeff's cock as he fucked my mouth. Slow, measured strokes at first, then faster and faster. I was certain he was going to cum soon, I wanted him to cum, but then he pulled his cock out of my mouth slowly until just the head rested on my lips. I immediately reached up to feel him, I wanted to hold him in my hands, and I turned my head slightly to kiss and stroke the head with my tongue. My mouth open slightly, I sucked in just the head of his cock and held the base firmly in one hand. But when I tried to take the length of him, he pulled back out of my reach. 

Without warning, Jeff bent down and put his mouth on mine for the first time. It was a rough, deep kiss, his tongue teasing mine and then thrusting deep, and I could taste tobacco and whiskey on his breath. It seemed like our mouths fit together perfectly in this position. Keeping one hand in Kelly's hair, I reached up and put my other hand behind Jeff's neck, holding his lips in place and sucking on his tongue. But he broke the kiss and pulled away, causing me to cry out in frustration. My cry was cut off by his cock entering my open mouth again.

Kelly had spread my cunt lips apart and was licking up my juices from bottom to top, pausing each time to suck on my clit. She withdrew her fingers for a moment, leaving me empty and aching, and then I felt something cold and hard press against my core, teasing the opening. As Jeff pumped in and out of my mouth, Kelly pushed and I was instantly filled with what I knew was her glass dildo. As soon as it hit bottom, she pulled it out almost completely and then pushed it back in, over and over, her mouth still sucking on my clit. As my hips began to move again beneath her and Jeff's thrusting increased in pace, I knew I was close to cumming again. I whimpered around the cock in my mouth each time she thrust into me below, and I became aware of the fact that Jeff's cock was beginning to swell even more, stretching my lips. Oh god, I thought, he's cumming, he's cumming, I'm cumming! Jeff held my head tightly and shoved hard into my throat, finally spurting hot jets of cum into my mouth. Kelly must have looked up and seen him reach the brink, because she began fucking me in time with his final thrusts. As soon as he grunted and came in my mouth, she tilted my ass with the pillow and shoved into me harder and faster, immediately bringing me to orgasm again. I arched and spasmed, forgetting that I was trying to swallow all of Jeff's come, and a tiny rivulet began slowly making its way down my jawline from around his cock. I could see it all in my head, even though my fantasies had never been this detailed. My naked body stretched out on the floor with my legs spread and Kelly fucking my cunt with a giant glass cock, Jeff kneeling behind me and fucking my mouth, I never thought it would actually happen and he's still cumming in my mouth, oh god...

As Jeff slowly pulled his slick cock out of my mouth, pausing to linger on my lips, Kelly gave me one last thrust, causing me to arch once again. Evidently satisfied, she pulled it gently out of my pussy and set it aside, sliding up my body until I could feel her breasts against mine. I wrapped my arms and legs around her and embraced her tightly, reaching for her mouth with mine. So sweet, the taste of myself on her lips. She smelled like me, and I devoured her mouth, one hand cupping her jaw and the other in her hair. Our tongues met and lingered, not flicking but teasing and fucking. Kelly cupped my head in her hands, kissing me back hungrily, and began to grind against me. She was taller than I was, so her pelvic bone hit just below mine, pressing against my clit and swollen lips as I squirmed beneath her. I crooned in my throat as we alternated between sucking and biting lips and fucking eachother with our tongues, our bodies pressed tightly against eachother. She worshiped me with slow, wet kisses that resonated deep within my womb, causing my still throbbing clit to twitch as it plumped again.

Our legs were spread apart and entwined, Kelly's weight delicious on top of me, and she moved against me in slow sensuous circles. I began to lose track of time. Her mouth and her hot cunt against mine were almost unbearable, as if the heat from the fire had enveloped us. My eyes were shut tightly under the blindfold, and I existed only through sensation: I could feel feathers of her hair hanging down and brushing against my cheeks as she kissed me. Her body felt like it was radiating intense heat, almost burning my skin. Her fingers never stopped moving in my hair as she supported my head to follow the kiss. Her nipples were hard against my breasts as she continued to push and grind and slide up and down, never stopping, our juices mingling; we breathed in sync and never had to come up for air.

Days later, Kelly pulled away from my questing mouth just long enough to whisper against my lips, "Would you eat my pussy, Lanie?"  I moaned and squeezed her, taking her sharp chin in my mouth and sucking, moving my lips down her neck and nipping the skin there as she inched forward above me. Gradually her shaved pussy slid all the way up my abdomen and between my breasts, leaving a damp trail which was cool on my burning skin. I could smell her coming as Kelly pressed her clit against my chin for a few seconds. Then her pussy reached my lips, and I swooned beneath her, opening my mouth and stretching my head upward to suck in as much of her as I could.

She straddled my mouth, leaning forward with her hands holding mine above my head on the floor, our fingers linked and squeezing tightly. Her pussy was closer now, brushing my lips with a slick kiss, and my cunt clenched in response. I found her clit with my mouth, sucking it in. She moaned above me, and I could tell from the sound that Jeff's cock was in her mouth. The resulting instantaneous mental image caused me to spasm again, and I pushed my tongue up into her as hard as I could, gratified at the muffled groan I could hear above me. I began exploring her clit with the tip of my tongue, maintaining pressure and stroking the hood and the underside, always coming back to stroke the tiny engorged little cock nestled in her folds. I took it in my mouth and rolled it around between my tongue and my teeth, and then fluttered downward to stab my tongue into her cunt, fucking her with it. 

Soon she began to grind against my face as Jeff fucked her mouth and I fucked her with mine. She was so wet, her lips sliding against mine made me feel like I was kissing her mouth again. I was overcome with Kelly, all I could taste or smell was Kelly, only Kelly existed now. I stroked and pushed and sucked with my tongue and lips, my hands struggling a little at being restrained, knowing only that I wanted her to cum as I kissed her. I wanted to feel her lose control.

Slowly Kelly began to swivel on my mouth, turning around on my face until she faced my breasts. Not once did her cunt break contact with my mouth. But now she could reach down and squeeze my tits, pinching the nipples cruelly and then rubbing them gently. Blowing on them as they throbbed from her touch. She pulled and twisted, and I sucked at her pussy without really even being aware of my surroundings. Never in my life had I escaped so completely into sex. I was groaning over and over in my throat, my aching cunt flush with new moisture as Kelly began to move her hips rhythmically, pushing her pussy against my open mouth and writhing above me. My hands free, I eased my middle finger up into her ass, startling her. I heard her say, "oh god" just under her breath, and had a moment of near prescience as my sensitive cunt felt the air move seconds before Jeff 's cock plunged into me.
