 Naked Reason

Despite promising her sexy neighbors that their night of wicked fun wouldn't be a one-night affair, Kerri had studiously avoided them for the last five days. Not that steering clear of them had been all that hard. The photo shoot they were working on was keeping them out late, and she'd actually succeeded in getting up early in the mornings to go to the gym. Allen had left her a message a few nights ago, but she'd made sure to call when she knew he and Nick wouldn't be home.

She'd fantasized about sleeping with the two of them for months, and the reality had been even better than the fantasy. So why wasn't she hanging out on their doorstep as soon as they got home each night?

The thought of being with them again made her heart flip flop. She felt different about them since they'd slept together. She'd always found them desirable but now . . . she was afraid she might be falling in love with them. And they were clearly in love with each other. She didn't know if she could bear to be an outsider in their relationship.

She climbed the five long flights to her apartment, feeling jittery and sad. But when she opened the door, she was greeted by a trail of rose petals that led down the hall to her bedroom. Her heart pounded, and she started to back out the door. But then she saw a note, laying on the floor. The blocky handwriting was clearly Nick's. She picked it up and opened it.

Kerri,

If you are willing to trust us, strip and come to your bed. If not, stay dressed, and we will know you wish us to leave.

Nick and Allen

Her heart pounded. Would she accept their challenge? If she didn't, she knew they would walk away just as they said, but she might never again get to experience the rush of raw pleasure she'd had in their bed. Still, she really didn't want to get hurt and screw up their friendship.

She took a long, deep breath. Her hands went to the fastenings of her pants before her mind had fully decided, but she did nothing to stop them. When she was naked, she walked down the hall with slow steps. She paused and took one last, deep breath before she opened the door and walked in.

Nick and Allen were on their sides on the bed, their legs twined around each other, their mouths fused. She watched the muscles shift in Nick's broad back as he rubbed his whole body against Allen's. Both men ran their hands along the other's skin in frantic strokes.

Nick rolled slightly, pulling Allen on top of him. Kerri sucked in her breath when she got a glimpse of their cocks sliding against each other. Nick's hands dug deep into Allen's shoulders, and Allen bucked against him. One of his hands snaked up Nick's ribcage to torment his nipple. Nick moaned long and loud.

Nick noticed her first. He pulled his mouth away from Allen's with a final swipe of his tongue across Allen's lips, and they both turned to face her. She realized her mouth was hanging open.

Both men laughed, as they took in her obvious excitement. They swung their legs off the bed and stood.

"Get on the bed. On your back." Nick's voice was demanding but the wicked smile on his face put her at ease.

As she complied, she noticed ropes peeking out from between the mattress and box springs. A wave of dizziness washed over her. What exactly did they have in mind?

Nick reached for one of her arms and pulled it up over her head. "If we do anything you don't want, say the word 'red', and we'll stop."

She nodded, unable to find her voice.

Nick wrapped a velvet-lined cuff around her wrist and attached it to one of the straps dangling from the mattress. Allen did the same with her other arm.

Nick ran his fingers down the side of her face. "Are you all right?"

She nodded again. She could barely breathe, but her whole body felt lit up with desire. She'd fantasized about being tied up before, but she'd never trusted anyone enough to let them do it.

Her heart raced as adrenaline pumped through her body. Her chest was tight and butterflies fluttered in her stomach, but she had no desire for the men to stop. Each one secured one of her ankles, spreading her legs wide. Then they stepped back.

She watched as both of them looked up and down her body, as if they were drinking in the sight of her spread open for them. The intensity of their gaze brought heat to her face, and she closed her eyes in a feeble attempt to hide from them.

"Look at us." Nick's rough voice sent a shiver across her body, but she continued to squeeze her eyes shut.

"Kerri." Allen said her name like a caress.

She breathed in and opened her eyes as she exhaled.

Allen was standing behind Nick with his arms wrapped around his lover's waist. He stroked Nick's cock with one hand while the other lifted and teased Nick's balls. Kerri couldn't take her eyes off Allen's hand as it slid up and down the length of Nick's thick cock. He had her mesmerized.

Nick chuckled. "I'm glad to see you still appreciate our attributes."

She smiled as she felt heat rise to her cheeks.

"But what I don't understand is why, when you so obviously still want us, we've had to tie you up to get you to pay attention to us."

Kerri's breath rushed in and out in pants as she looked from one of them to the other.

Nick looked positively primitive with his long dark hair hanging down over his shoulders and a feral smile on his face. Allen smiled at her and continued to work his lover's lover cock in a slow rhythm. He looked lost in the pleasure of the moment.

Nick frowned. "Whatever your reasons, we're here to see that you admit how much you want us."

Allen crawled up on the bed and bent his head over her stomach. He licked and nipped at her flesh making a wet trail up to the underside of her breast. She sucked in her breath. As he neared her nipple, her body became a mass of tense anticipation.

When he finally sucked the tight peak into his mouth, he bit down, letting her feel the scrape of his teeth. Kerri arched up off the bed, crying out.

She heard Nick laugh as he settled between her legs, but she had no time to feel embarrassed by the intensity of her reaction. Nick lowered his head and swiped his tongue through her wetness, pressing firmly against the end of her clit, and she cried out again.

Both men worked her in earnest. Allen using hands, tongue and teeth to stimulate her nipples until a deep ache radiated through her breasts and down her belly. Nick sucked and licked and nibbled at her clit while he finger-fucked her hard and deep. In no time, she was writhing and twisting on the bed, jerking at her bonds in a fruitless attempt to free herself and get more of what she needed.

Nick curled his fingers forward inside her as he drew her clit strongly into her mouth. She felt herself reaching the brink of orgasm, but Nick pulled back. Allen released her breasts simultaneously and sat back on his heels.

Her body vibrated on the edge of orgasm. "Please."' She struggled against her restraints, but they held fast.

Nick caressed the inside of her thighs. "Promise not to ignore us again, and we'll let you come."

"No, please."

Nick reached forward and pinched her clit tightly, but he let go without letting her go where she needed to. "All you have to do is promise not to avoid us."

"I-I can't."

"Why not, Kerri?" Allen's voice was filled with sadness, despite the heat in his eyes. "We know you like us."

She felt tears come to her eyes. "You love each other and I . . . I really like you. I'm frightened by how much."

Nick smiled. "We really like you too Kerri, and we're both open to having a third person in our relationship."

Her heart hammered. "You are?"

"Yes," Allen said as he caressed the side of her face. "Let's give this a chance."

A lump formed in her throat. She couldn't swallow around it so she just nodded.

"Excellent." Nick smiled down at her, his eyes widening as he looked at her swollen and deeply red nipples. "But right now, I want to work on giving you the best orgasm of your life."

She gasped, and her hips reached up for him. He released her ankle restraints and then settled between her legs again. She could feel his cock brushing her wet lips as he positioned himself at her entrance. "Are you ready?"

She nodded.

"Good. Wrap your legs around me and hang on."

She did as he said, pulling his hips to her as he thrust in deep and hard, nearly giving her his full length in one stroke.

Allen positioned himself behind her head and rose up on his hands and knees so his cock hung just above her lips. She raised her head and swiped her tongue across the tip, tasting pre-come as it dripped onto her tongue. He groaned and lowered himself so she could take him into his mouth. She tugged at her restraints, wanting to be able to grab his hips and pull him down to her so she could swallow more of him.

After letting her pussy adjust to him, Nick began giving her fast, hard, strokes, stretching her wide. She dug her ankles into his ass and twisted her hips, trying to rub herself against his pubic bone.

Allen leaned forward, and she heard Nick groan. She released Allen's cock long enough to see the two men kissing each other. The thought of their hot tongue sliding against each other as they fought to take possession of the other's mouth made her moan.

"Give me more," she begged as she drew Allen's cock into her mouth. He arched his pelvis, and she took him deeper, relishing his salty taste.

Nick gripped Allen tight for leverage so he could fuck her even harder. His hips slammed against her, rocking her body impossible fast. She whimpered around Allen's hard flesh, sucking him strongly and rubbing her tongue back and forth against him.

Allen made a strangled sound, and she felt tension seize his body. Then his cock spasmed, and he flooded her mouth with hot come. The rush of power at having brought him off sizzled through her, and as Nick thrust deep, she convulsed around him, flying into oblivion.

As if from a distance, she heard Nick groan, but he withdrew from her. Allen shifted, pulling himself from her mouth, and she saw Nick pump himself a few times before he released jets of come onto her belly.

Allen bent and started cleaning her with his tongue as Nick hung over her, panting.

Allen licked her in earnest, groaning deeply as he lapped up his lover's come from her skin. When he'd caught his breath, Nick sat back on his heels and smiled down at both of them.

When Allen's had tended to every inch of Kerr's breasts and belly, he sucked Nick's softening cock into his mouth. Nick groaned and Kerri couldn't help but lick her lips.

When Allen released his lover after giving him a thorough cleaning, Kerri saw that Nick was getting hard again. She couldn't help but smile at the thought of having him inside her again.

Allen sat back and reached for the cuffs at Kerri's wrists. When he released her, she rolled to her side and sat up. She opened her arms and both men came to her. She hugged them fiercely. "Thank you."

Nick reached down to squeeze her ass. "Our pleasure. We knew you'd see reason if we could get you naked again."

She leaned back to look at them and rolled her eyes. "You would."

Nick laughed. "We'll expect you at our door precisely at nine tomorrow night. After seeing how beautiful you looked tied up I've got some great plans for you."

She took a deep breath. This was going to be a wild ride.