 The three of them stayed in the tub for a little while longer, before heading back into the cabin to dry off. They were all warm and soothed from their time in the tub, so the conversation became very relaxed as the three of them sat lazily around the cozy cabin. He could not help but think about how lucky he was to have Han in his life, and how he loved their little adventures. It wasn't the kind of thing that happened often, but when it did, he wasn't about to complain.

The girls had just kind of folded into each other's arms, snuggling on the couch as they looked for a movie to watch. He went back outside, threw the cover back on the hot tub, and threw away the empty beer bottles. No use making extra work for the staff. When he went back in, the girls had settled on some chick flick. Since they were on the couch, he sat down on the couch, making himself comfortable, watching the two girls way more than the movie.

He must have dozed off, because he woke up to the feeling of a mouth on his cock. He looked down, or tried to, but he had somehow been blindfolded in his sleep. Not that he minded, he didn't have to look to enjoy the feeling of those skilled lips and tongue working their way up and down his shaft. He felt one a hand caressing his sac and he moaned. He loved that, and Han knew it. He thought that Kat must have left, and that Han wasn't ready to be done for the night. Then he felt a nibbling on his ear, and knew that both girls were still there. He felt the lips around his cock smile, and then slide all the way down his shaft until his entire length was in her mouth.

He felt the blindfold being pulled from his eyes, as Han whispered in his ear, "We didn't want to start back up without you, stud."

When he could see again, he looked down, and watched as Kat continued to take the entirety of his cock in her mouth as she caressed his balls with her hand. He turned and kissed Han as she leaned over the back of the couch. He looked her deep in the eyes, smiled, and said, "I love you."

She smiled mischievously at him, and replied, "I know," before moving down in front of him next to Kat and starting to suck his balls into her mouth.

He moaned at that and then watched the two girls take turns sucking on his hard cock. They kissed around his cock, sliding their lips and tongues around either side, their tongues and lips meeting as they pleasured him. It was a wonderful sight to behold, and he would never forget it. Luckily for him, this was the third time tonight they'd gotten started, so he would last forever before he came. Eventually the girls were just making out with each other and stroking his cock, which he loved, but he decided to move things along. He pulled Han up to kiss him, and Kat immediately went back to sucking his cock. He could really get used to this.

"Han, why don't you go grab that new toy you got?" he asked, and her eyes filled with glee. 

She headed back into the bedroom and rustled around in her bag for a bit, before coming out wearing a hard rubber strap-on. Kat was too busy giving him head to notice Han moving behind her. Han got on her knees and started licking Kat's pussy, before sliding her hand up to rub her clit. Kat moaned around his cock as she started to get pleasured from behind. It wasn't long before Han decided to try out her new toy, and knelt behind Kat, and thrust the fake cock into her. Kat turned and looked, definitely not expecting that, and she smiled back at Hannah, moaning as the fake cock was thrust in and out of her tight pussy. Hannah smiled at me as she fucked Kat from behind, giving her what she always loved from him. She reached between her lover's legs and rubbed her clit as she thrust that big cock into her again and again. 

He pulled his cock away from Kat's mouth, and slid down onto the floor behind Hannah. He slid his cock into her pussy while she fucked her friend. Each of his thrusts forcing her fake cock deeper into the waitress' pussy. Both women were moaning in pleasure now, and the only sounds heard for a while were the rhythmic panting and moans of the lovers. Then he pulled out of Hannah's tight little pussy and told her to lay on her back. Kat knew what he wanted and immediately climbed on top of her and started riding her strap-on with abandon. 

He started to lick Kat's tight asshole again, while she fucked Han on the floor, before he slid his first big finger into her ass. Kat screamed in ecstasy and started slamming down onto Hannah's fake cock even harder. He continued to finger her asshole, slowly adding other fingers until three of his fingers were up her tight asshole. She was loving every minute of it when he told her to slow down for a second.

"Why," asked the brunette.

"Because I'm going to put my cock in your ass while you fuck Hannah," he replied.

Kat slowed down and he moved around behind her, looking at the purple cock in her pussy. He grabbed his cock and moved it to the tight hole he had just loosened up, and started to slide in, slowly. He could feel her tremble as he eased his cock into her tight asshole. As he slowly pushed in, she started to move, backing into his cock and thus sliding up and down on the fake cock in her pussy. She moaned, and soon their was a rhythm, and the three of them fucked on the floor. The girls kissed each other, and he slid one of his big fingers into Hannah's pussy, and she moaned.

"Now, I want you to fuck her," he said to Kat as he pulled his cock out of her ass.

Kat climbed off of Hannah, letting that fake purple cock slide out of her pussy. Then she moved down, and took it in her mouth, sucking Hannah's cock like the real thing. Han watched her, and then looked at him. "That is so fucking hot," she said. "Is that why you like watching me do it so much?"

"Gods yes," he replied. "I love watching you suck my cock."

She leaned over and started sucking on it then, keeping her eyes on the woman between her legs while she did it. Kat stopped sucking the strap-on, and pulled it off of Hannah, before diving face first into her sweet pussy. Han moaned around his cock as she had her pussy eaten to repeated orgasms. He loved watching her head bob up and down on his cock, especially with the added bonus of a sexy girl between her legs at the same time. He pulled his cock out of her mouth long enough to climb back onto the couch, and then she attacked it with the same gusto again. Kat stopped licking Hannah's pussy long enough to put on the strap-on and move up behind Hannah. He and the waitress shared a look very similar to the one he had with Han earlier in the evening, before she filled his lover's pussy with that cock. Hannah moaned around his cock as she got fucked from behind.

He looked at Han, and then at Kat, and smiled. "Kat, why don't you get her asshole ready?" 

Kat smiled at him. "My pleasure," she purred, before burying her tongue in Han's asshole. 

Hannah writhed in pleasure as Kat's skilled tongue went to work on her tight little asshole. He loved watching the brunette pleasure his lover with his tongue, the same way he loved to. He was enjoying the feel of Hannah's renewed efforts on his cock as Kat slipped two fingers into her tight ass. She moaned around his cock as Kat thrust her fingers in and out of her asshole. When Kat slipped a third finger in, Hannah lost it, and couldn't even pretend to suck his cock anymore. The brunette fingered her ass furiously, making Hannah cum time and time again.

He slid down onto the floor under Hannah, and pulled her down onto his cock. Then he grabbed her ass, and said to Kat, "Why don't you fill this tight ass up with that cock of yours?"

Kat smiled, and started to slide that fake cock into Hannah's ass. Han lost control, writhing around in pleasure at the feeling of two cocks being slid inside her. She pushed back into Kat, and he thrust up into her. Kat and he got into a rhythm and Hannah was just along for the ride. As they continued to fuck her senseless, he knew he was about to cum for the third time that day. The girls sensed it too, and both of them got on their knees in front of him. He smiled to himself, not believing his luck as he shot his cum on their faces for the second time that night.

Both girls looked spent as they smiled up at him. "Snuggle time?" Han asked expectantly.

"Of course, my love," he replied, and led the two of them off to bed. 

To be continued...