 03. The party continues. 

Dinner was finished, the sun had completely disappeared for a while now, the sky had become dark. Stars were visible, and soon the moon would rise above the trees. The music stopped and William addressed us again. Everyone was anticipating more excitement, some women looked a little nervous, the men looked highly excited.

William said he was very happy with the day so far, except for this Jason who couldn't behave himself and had been expelled. This remark was obviously meant as reminder to the rest of us that there were rules in place to keep the party fun for all of us.

Then he asked for us to thank the cooks, who indeed did a marvellous job. The food was excellent. Everyone applauded.

The evening fun was announced. It was kind of a contest, for the girls. The girls all had their four numbers, and were to collect more matching bracelets from us. Of course in return we could play with them, five minutes a bracelet. The winner would be treated to a day at the spa, giving the girls a great incentive to be active in chasing us. I saw a lot of pussy in my future.

And a lot of pussy it was. I quickly got myself my first bracelet, and soon enough I got myself a match. 

A bubbly blonde, she looked pretty but didn't really move me too much. Her tits felt nice, I played a bit with them, her nipples were nice to suck on, nipples are always nice to suck on. I fucked her shortly, she was not very wet yet so I had to take it slow. 

When the five minutes were over I gave her the bracelet, and got another one. By now the moon was above the trees, casting a pale light over the beach. Suddenly we could see a lot more, even though everything was a bit faint. All over the beach I saw couples engaged in sex acts, the pale light didn't show details, leaving a lot to the imagination.

Three girls were waiting for a match. The third was a hit for me, and off we went. I liked what I saw. Not too big, somewhat pointy tits with pink nipples, red curly hair to just below her shoulders, and quite some freckles on her body. The sun on her skin today certainly helped making them stand out. Freckles may be not everyone's cup of tea but I like them, I think it looks cute.

Her ass was great, round and soft. I'm not much of an ass-man but this one I really liked. So round and well shaped, I put her on hand and feet and knelt down behind her to have a better feel of it. The contrast with her narrow waist made the roundness come out even more. Not that she had a big ass or so, not at all, just very round. It felt really good. She had her legs spread a bit, I ran my hands over her ass, her waist, massaged her tits. She wiggled that delicious ass a bit.

Then I ran a finger over her pussy, she was very wet. I took my dick out of its confinements and started fucking her doggy style, holding her hips. She started to moan right away, and pushed back hard to meet my thrusts. She felt really nice, hot and horny, a good fuck. And that ass just looked so great.

When time ran out I pulled out, and handed her the bracelet. She deserved it well.

The next bracelet I got lucky again, delicious Cat was waiting to find a match, and I had one for her. She smiled when she saw me, and we found a place on the beach for our five minutes of intimacy. She actually looked quite beautiful in the moonlight, her lightly tinted skin contrasting perfectly with her raven black hair. 

I knew already what I wanted from her. I put her on her back, and immediately dove down on her and started to suck her pussy. She tasted just so delicious, all pussies taste different but this one was probably the best I ever had. Her legs opened wide giving me full access.

I started licking her outer labia, all the way around. I lingered a bit at her clit, flicking my tongue over it, enjoying her moans. Then I moved to her inner labia, where the nectar is. With my fingers I pulled open her pussy a bit to allow for better access. She was very wet, her juices were dripping out of her. I took each lip in my mouth and sucked it gently. She moaned a bit louder. I licked my tongue all the way over the length of her pussy, lapping it all up.

Then I concentrated more on her clit, sucking it, licking it. She started to move her hips, pushing against my mouth. Her moans became louder. I noticed her juices started to run faster, and tried to lap it all up. This wasn't easy with her erratic movements, I did my best and managed to get a lot of it.

She tasted so sweet, salty and sweet, I couldn't get enough of that. I sucked her hard, really gave her a serious sucking. Her moans increased. She closed her legs around my head, not allowing me to move away from her sex. Not that I wanted to leave her, not before her nectar stopped flowing.

She was moaning louder now, and just when her alarm went she started to shudder. She didn't let me go, instead she held me tight and ordered me to continue. No problem there, I could eat that pussy for hours. Moments later her body started to shake, her juices started to run really hard, and she let out some loud screams. She was almost spraying when she came, filling my mouth with her liquids. I was like in heaven.

When her orgasm subsided she finally let me go. My face was wet, juices dripping from my chin. She gave me a very tight hug and thanked me for licking her so well and making her cum so hard. She told this was her first orgasm of the day and she was very much in need of it, after all the stimulation she received so far.

It was all my pleasure I told her, and I would love to do it again. I gave her the bracelet and we returned to the main area to find a new match.

When I returned with my bracelet, Cat had left already. Two girls were looking for matches, one of them matched with me. She looked somewhat familiar, dark blonde hair, ponytail, full built, big boobs. Then I knew it: I had her top earlier today. Now she was completely naked, and as soft as she was before. Her smooth milky skin looked really pale in the silvery moonlight.

I told her to lay down on her back, and started to massage those magnificent tits of hers. The rays of the moon were playing nicely on her skin, giving her an air of mystery. I took my rock hard dick out of my Speedos and put it on her chest, pushed her tits together, and started to fuck her that way. She teasingly stuck out her tongue, and licked the head of my dick every time it was in reach. It felt good, and looked funny. She seemed to enjoy the look too. The dark head of my cock contrasted very nicely with her skin.

After a while I let go of her boobs and moved down to her pussy. She was wet, my dick easily slid in. I pulled up her legs, put them on my shoulders and started to fuck her deep. She felt wonderful. So soft, so hot and wet, I felt my balls stir a bit. Unfortunately I couldn't continue long as the beep beep beep of her alarm sounded, signalling it was time to give her the bracelet and move on.

Before continuing I walked to the bar for a quick drink, I needed a break. This was fantastic, it'd been a long time since I had that much sex, and the girls were so willing. And we weren't even halfway, there were plenty more bracelets to hand out.

After downing my drink I got a new bracelet, and had a look at who I could match. Two girls waiting, but no match to me. Another girl appeared, and as the moon was behind her I could at first only see her silhouette. I could easily make out her lovely female figure, the narrow waist and broad hips. When she came closer to the light I could see her face, and her auburn hair.

For sure I had encountered her before, but was quite positive I didn't undress her. She looked like she was a bit drunk, walking slightly unsteady. She walked up to me, asked my number, confirmed it's a match to her, grabbed my arm and dragged me away.

Then I realised who it was: this was Alicia, Rose's friend, the one I did a body shot with. And she was obviously pretty drunk, which made her really talkative. She said she wanted lots of bracelets for a start, and she said according to Rose I was good, so she wanted to try me too. She was wondering why Rose was so into me. We had a match, that was good.

Drunk, horny and in control. A very interesting combination, out of which only good things could come. We talked a bit, and I found out that she and Rose are more than just friends, they are lovers, too. That explained the scenes I witnessed earlier in the day. And it made the whole experience even more interesting.

She put me on my back, started the time and immediately sat down on my dick and started to fuck me. She was squeezing my dick with her pussy, then bent forward to offer her tits to my mouth. I sucked her hard. She moaned loudly, fucking me harder. 

She moved so wildly that I could not keep her tits in my mouth, instead I started to massage her with my hands. They were medium sized boobs, pretty firm to the touch. Seconds later she started to come, squeezing my dick harder, milking me. This was too good, I couldn't hold back and seconds later started to shoot my cum deep inside her belly.

Calmed down, Alicia moved off of me, and said that I was indeed good, and that she could understand why Rose fancied me so much. I was a bit baffled with how she talked about Rose and me, and didn't really know how to react.

I had to take it a bit easy for now. Not only was I well spent, so it would take a bit before I could perform again, I did have my date with Rose in the back of my head. It was good that I came just now, getting rid of the pressure, and knowing it was Rose's girlfriend who took it made it even better.

The next bracelet got me two matches at the same time. And a tough choice, I couldn't take them both of course. I looked the girls up and down for a second, and made the call. A brunette, curly haired, slim body. She looked cute to me. Nice tits, a bit smallish but they looked really beautiful. Round, pink nipples. Her skin was rather pale, especially for a brunette. It may be the moonlight that caused it to look that way.

As I was still feeling well spent, I gave her a really easy time. I played a bit with her body, felt her boobs, her wet pussy. There was definitely sperm inside that pussy, she proudly told me that this was from two different men. She had come several times herself too, that evening, and expected to be a bit sore by the end of the party. Sweet girl.

The five minutes had passed quickly; she had another bracelet and I was searching for another match. Again I didn't have to wait too long, a tall blonde matched with me. Strong looking legs, bubble butt, full chest. Very nice looking. She had quite some bracelets already, and hurriedly took me into the darkness.

I felt her up, she felt me up. She soon realised I was soft, and told me this was not good. So she pulled my dick out of my Speedos and started to suck me. She sucked really good, one of the better blow jobs I've ever had. Slowly sucking me in, playing the head of my cock with her tongue, pressing her lips tight. It felt really good, and it wasn't long before she had me hard again.

Of course she could suck what she wanted but I wasn't going to shoot any time soon. My balls did come back to life, and my arousal rose, which was just perfect.

When the five minutes were over she grabbed her bracelet from me, and rushed back to the light to find another man, eager to get more bracelets. I followed slower, by the time I was there she had herself a new match already and was on the way out. 

Three more girls were waiting there for a match, I wonder where the other free men were. There should be more. I noticed Cat was waiting there as well, I would be glad to get her again. Rose was nowhere to be seen, I hadn't seen her since the start of this game. I wondered where she was.

When I returned with my new bracelet, four girls waiting now. I saw a man walk to the bar, apparently just finished. Two matches, but the choice was easy, Cat was one of them. I really wanted more of that pussy. Even if it would be well used by now, she had quite a collection of bracelets by now.

Cat and I walked out on the moonlit beach, and lay down on the beach. I told her already I wanted her pussy again. She warned me it had some extra contents, but I didn't care. Not with her. I'd eat anything out of that sweet pussy, as long as it included her sweet nectar.

She told me she had been fucked a few times, one of them came inside of her, but she hadn't come since her first time with me. They got her close, but all the time she just didn't make it. She always had a hard time coming by just fucking, especially as it were only quickies. She needed some help by either fingers or a tongue. So I had my work cut out for me.

She sat down on my face, and I started licking. Her nectar was indeed mixed with some other taste, must be a man's cum. No idea whose it was, her pussy was too delicious to worry about such minor details. She reacted strongly, her pussy started to run almost instantly.

Cat bent over, rubbing her boobs over my belly. She took my dick in her mouth and started sucking. Not as good as the blonde from just now, still highly enjoyable. 

I sucked her pussy hard, heard her moan on my dick. She started to move her ass, rubbing her pussy over my face. I sucked her harder, savouring the taste of her juices. No man's taste any more, she probably simply flushed herself clean already. So much sweet juice coming out, it was marvellous. Why go to the bar for a drink when you can have this, it just couldn't get any better.

This time I didn't need the full five minutes. Two, maybe three minutes of good sucking was all it took for her to start spraying my face. She was screaming now, almost smothering me. She came really hard.

When her orgasm finished she thanked me, and then gave me a very sweet hug. She lay on top of me, hugging me. She said she was in heaven, and that I was the best pussy eater she had met so far. I told her she had the sweetest tasting pussy I had ever tasted, and that I could suck her for hours if she wanted. That idea sounded very attractive to her.

As we had some time left, I told her I wanted to know how her pussy feels from the inside. She moved down a bit, and guided my dick which easily slid into her very wet pussy. She was tight, grasping my dick firmly. I pulled up my legs a bit to get a grip, and started moving my hips.

It didn't last long. The by now familiar beep beep beep sounded again and I pulled out, we got up, I handed her my bracelet, and we returned to the light. She immediately got a match with a waiting guy, and was off again. I got myself a drink at the bar, I wanted a short break, and then went for another bracelet. 

Still no sign of Rose. Sometimes I thought I heard her voice, but with all the other moaning and screaming women I could not be sure it was her. About a dozen couples scattered on the beach, having sex in various positions. The moonlight showed them clearly, but I could not tell who is who, so no idea what Rose was up to at that moment.

My next match was a bit shorter, with really long, straight black hair and a long, slim face. Pointy boobs sticking out nicely, their shape simply ending with the nipple. Interesting, a bit strange but I liked what I saw. 

She looked somewhat familiar, as if I had contact with her before. But I was quite positive not tonight. Then it dawned on me, it was the girl Rose was with when they had the incident with that drunk guy.

She had quite some bracelets already, and looked rather worn out. She confirmed she indeed had too much sex for the day, and was getting worn out. She was happy to hear that I was not planning on fucking her, but that I'd love to play with her tits.

Her tits were nice and soft, and smallish indeed. They easily fit in my hands. She played a bit with my dick, getting me hard again. Her pussy was wet and sticky, I had to be very gentle with her there. She was a bit sore.

We chatted a bit, masturbated each other lightly, and mostly just relaxed. A nice girl, but not really my type I found out quickly. That doesn't matter, plenty of others to go around, and Rose of course.

Another bracelet, and another girl. If I recall correctly this was like my tenth of the night. Wow. With Cat double, that were nine pussies. Eighteen tits. A great score for one night, and the night wasn't even over yet.

Another auburn haired girl, pale skin, looking really great in the pale light. She was normal built, with a fantastic set of tits. The size of a large orange, they were well more than I could hold in a single hand. They were perfectly shaped, very round, with a remarkably large aureole and nipple upfront.

With that, all I could do was push her down on the beach, and play with those boobs. I felt in love with them. Firm enough to keep their shape, yet nice and soft to the touch. Nipples that just begged to be sucked, and that grew instantly when my mouth touched them.

Her pussy was very nice, too, I just had to sample her. The feel of her boobs and the taste of her pussy made me so horny, my dick was straining against the fabric of my Speedos. I took my dick out, then turned around and offered it to her mouth. She started sucking me, while I continued to suck her pussy.

My dick barely received a minute of sucking before time was up. It was good.

It was definitely almost time. I noticed some activity at the DJ stand, so this was going to be the last. My next bracelet was a familiar number, eleven. That was one of Rose's numbers. Two girls were waiting there, one actually was a match but to her chagrin I rejected her, and simply waited.

A few more men and women came and went, and there finally she was, my beauty. Wasting no time I walked to her, and took her with me.

It was really relaxed being with her. She was wasted, she told. She had so much sex that night, several orgasm, it was busy, but she thought she missed out on the spa prize. She said she was happy it was finished, and that she was looking forward to the after party.

We just played a bit with each other. Her chest was a bit sticky, she said that the previous guy wanted a blow job and shot his cum over her boobs and had her rub it in. I kissed her boobs, licked her nipples. Indeed some taste there, and it was not just the salty sea. Her pussy was also positively sticky. She played a bit with my dick, made me hard again.

Before our five minutes were finished, William called everybody back. Rose gave my dick a kiss and we walked back.

I walked to the bar, and started to talk to one of the girls. I recognised her as the girl whose boobs I fucked. She introduced herself as Summer. In the yellowish light of the torches she looked pretty good, too. Her hair still in a ponytail, she looked a bit tired. Several white spots were visible on her boobs, obviously I'm not the only guy who likes a boob job.

We chatted a bit, Summer confirmed she was positively tired. She did her best, got many bracelets, but was not sure whether it was enough to win the spa. She looked a bit disappointed about that part. On the other hand she said she had a good night, and was happy that the men were treating her so nicely.

William started to announce the winners. First up, Alicia. Twenty-one bracelets she had. I wonder how she could possibly get that many in just two hours, unless she had been doing more than one guy at a time. She looked drunk, and seemed very happy with her victory. She was well ahead the second and third in bracelet count. Summer lost out, one short, she said. Just one more and she would at least have matched the third place winner. She looked really disappointed, and ordered herself a big, strong drink.

Looking around the bar I saw Rose at the opposite side. I excused me from Summer, and walked over to her. She was talking to her girlfriend, newly crowned queen Alicia. They seemed to have a good time. Alicia was laughing really loud, her boobs shaking with her laughing. At one point it seemed she was falling off her bar stool, but she managed to stay on. Then she stood up, and started to attract the attention of the bar tender.
