 To my right was an ocean of clouds, interrupted only by the occasional glimpse of an Alpine peak. To my right was a beautiful blonde 26 year old girl, flicking through a magazine. In my hand was a glass of champagne, and ahead of me were ten days in Thailand including New Year's Eve at the fabled Full Moon Party on Ko Phangan. I smiled and sank deeper into my Business Class seat. Life was good.

And I had Literotica to thank for all of it. Ever since I posted my fictional series The Festival on this website about 18 months ago my life had completely changed. I'd received a huge amount of positive feedback from women around the world, and last April had met up with two girls in a hotel in Bristol for a mind-blowing threesome. I'd written that up in A Story, and since then had been deluged with enticing offers. I'd taken up a few of them, and where those involved had been happy for me to do so had written up a couple of them for Literotica. 

Mostly though I'd continued seeing Louise. She was the blonde trainee solicitor in The Story. While Abby, the other girl in our threesome, had found a boyfriend soon after that night, and I'd never seen her again, things had developed with Louise. She'd come to visit me in Manchester and we'd met in hotels in Bristol. She lived with her parents near there, but I'd never been invited to meet them -- given what we got up to when we were together I wasn't altogether surprised!

We weren't an exclusive couple and she knew that I was seeing other people. I didn't think she was, but never asked the question. However, we were getting closer and closer, and I'd wanted to do something special for her birthday on Christmas Eve. Over dinner in San Carlo's in Bristol I presented her with two Business Class return tickets to Thailand with hotels booked in Bangkok and on Ko Phangan, for the New Year's Eve Party.

Her face had lit up with delight and she'd said: "Oh my God, Nick! I have always wanted to go to that!"

"Really?" I'd said with a smile. "You should have said." Since we'd watched some TV footage of it a few weeks ago she'd been talking about almost nothing else. Despite her sensible career, and fairly cautious approach to life, Louise was really into her dance music, and the clips of 20,000 people raving till dawn on a picture perfect beach had been her idea of heaven. 

"We're going Business Class!" she'd said as she scanned the tickets. "I've never done that!" Then she'd run around the table to hug me.

"I love you, Nick," she'd said in her excitement. Then she'd frozen, an awkward silence descending between us. It wasn't the first time she'd said it, and each time I'd not responded. The truth was I just didn't feel that way about her. We had a great time together and the sex was phenomenal, but I wasn't sure it was love.

Looking deep into her eyes I'd cupped her face in my palm and kissed her deeply. But I never said I loved her.

Still we'd had a great night, and she'd been so excited, as she'd left for Christmas Day with her parents. We'd planned to meet at Heathrow on the 26th, and now here we were. We'd changed planes at Frankfurt, and had ten hours before we arrived in Bangkok. It was going to be the holiday of a lifetime.

"So," I said, leaning towards her. "You joined the Mile High Club yet?"

She turned to look at me, mock shock dancing across her pale green eyes. 

"Nick!" she exclaimed. "You're a dirty young man, aren't you?" 

"Not so young I'm afraid," I replied.

"Sorry, yes. You're thirty-three. Ancient. Could be my grandfather."

I grinned. "Thanks for that unpleasant image. So...." I nodded towards the toilet. "You up for it?"

She wrinkled her slightly freckled nose, and pushed her wavy, light blonde hair behind one of her ears. 

"Not sure I really fancy it. In a toilet. You know what I mean? It's a bit gross."

I was genuinely deflated. I might have been approaching it casually, but I'd been thinking about almost nothing else for the last three days. The image of Louise propped up on the sink in the airplane toilet, me unbuttoning her blouse and landing hot kisses on her 32B sized breasts, flipping her skirt up and wrapping her long, slender legs around my waist, pulling her panties aside, and sliding myself deep into her hot, wet pussy. A sensation I'd had many times before, but never at 30,000 feet.

"Nah," she concluded. "I'm not really up for it."

I slumped down into my seat, and started grumpily pushing the buttons on my in-flight entertainment system. Louise went back to her magazine, and I silently complained to myself about how much money I'd wasted getting Business Class seats in the hope of joining the Mile High Club.

Ten hours later we landed, and emerged from the plane into the humidity of a Bangkok afternoon. I'd managed a few hours sleep on the flight in between films and my book. I was about ready to fall onto our hotel bed. Louise though had slept for almost all of the flight, and was raring to get out and see the sights.

So, we dumped our bags at the Peninsula, a five star hotel on the banks of the Chao Praya river, and headed out in a rickshaw to see the Royal Palace, Jim Thompson's House, several temples, and Chinatown, where we had some great dim sum. By the time we got back to the hotel I was exhausted and fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.

I woke up to see Louise, fully dressed, pulling aside the curtains. 

"Come on, sleepyhead. Time to get up."

I was beginning to wonder if I'd ever see the girl naked on this holiday. 

"Ug," I grunted, and rolled onto my other side, covering my head with the blankets. I was tired and had a hard-on. She was going to have to do more than open curtains to get me moving today.

"Well I'm going out shopping. Do you want to come?"

"Shopping?" I poked my head out from under the covers, a look of incredulity across my rumpled features. "Are you serious?"

"Definitely," she said. "Bangkok is amazing for shopping. "You can stay here if you like. Hang out by the pool."

"Why don't you stay here too? You'll have more fun with me than in some boring shops." I raised a suggestive eyebrow.

She smiled, then kissed me on the cheek, saying, "Later." Then she was gone.

I lay on my back, letting out a frustrated sigh, and half-heartedly sliding a hand down to feel my morning erection. I considered tugging one off, but decided to save it for Louise. This surely couldn't continue. She had to have sex with me at some point. 

Later that day, as I sat by the pool, pretending to read my book but really watching the gorgeous women gliding through the water, reclining cat-like on their sun loungers, all bronzed, toned limbs, and barely covered breasts, I started to think it had better be sooner rather than later. 

There was one who really caught my eye. She was a redhead, probably no more than twenty years old, who was sitting the other side of the pool from me, so in perfect view of my surreptitious glances over the top of my book. She was wearing a small, tight black bikini that only just covered a tiny triangle of her full, pert tits. I guessed they had to be 38Ds at least. She was lying on her back, basking in the rays, and I could just see the outline of her nipples jutting through the material. 

My eyes travelled down over her taut, flat stomach to the triangle of material covering her pussy. It wasn't covering much, so I guessed she must been shaven fairly close there. As my eyes trailed down her long, silky smooth legs I felt my cock throb in my swimming shorts. Shifting to get more comfortable my eyes met her's. We looked at each other for a few seconds, then she smiled, a beautiful smile with perfect, white teeth. 

For the rest of the day we carried on looking at each other like that, flirting with our eyes but going no further. Once or twice when she swam over to my side of the pool, and hung nonchalantly on the edge, I thought about striking up a conversation with her, but decided against it. 

Even though I'm not the best looking guy in the world, I'm not the worst, and my recent experiences have taught me that I'm much better than I thought I was at getting girls into bed. I'm over six foot tall and I work out three or four times a week, but I've discovered that words and ideas are much more effective than physical attributes at getting women into bed.

When I was younger I was quite shy, but now I've realised that if you plant the right ideas in their heads, and ask in the right way at the right time girls are usually just as up for it as I am. So, I figured I could probably get this pretty young redhead to sleep with me. The idea was tempting. But I was here with Louise, and I didn't want her to come back to find me nailing another girl in our bed. I knew she was open-minded but still it probably wasn't the best way to start the holiday.

So, I didn't talk to the girl, and at around four in the afternoon, she was joined by an older woman, a loud Texan, who from their conversation I worked out was her mother. Soon afterwards they both left, the daughter glancing briefly my way as she disappeared from view. 

All this meant that by the time Louise got back at about five in the afternoon, laden down with new clothes, shoes, CDs, DVDs, watches, jewellery, and just about anything else she'd been able to get her hands on, I was desperate to get my hands on her. She stepped out of the shower, wrapped in a white towel, water running off her wet hair and dripping onto her shoulders, to see me lying naked on the bed.

"Cover yourself up!" she shouted, throwing a dry towel over me.

"Why?" I demanded in exasperation. "What's going on with you?"

"Nothing, hon," she said calmly, moving to sit down where her make-up was arranged in front of a mirror. "I just don't won't to waste any time here." She turned to look at me. "Go on get dressed. We're going out to get drunk in the Khao San Road."

I didn't believe she was so interested in this city that she couldn't spare a few minutes to take care of me and my rapidly mounting need for her body. I watched her get dressed, the towel falling from her body for the moment when she was entirely naked, my eyes racing over every part of her slim, body, from her sculpted calves up to her finely traced jawline. Then her black bra encased her milky white breasts and snapped shut behind her back. Her lacy black knickers slid up over her smooth, firm thighs to cover the sparse blonde hair of her bush, and finally a short, floaty, sky-blue dress slid down, covering it all. As she stepped into low-heeled, strappy sandals it occurred to me that this process was exactly the reverse of what I wanted to happen.

With a flourish of some lipstick across her full lips, she finished her preparations and headed straight for the door. "I'll see you in the bar," she said and the door shut behind her. 

I had no idea what was going on, but I wasn't sure I liked it. Still I wasn't going to force the girl to have sex with me. I figured I was best just going along with it and hoping she got over whatever it was. 

So, I got showered, dressed, and joined her in the hotel bar. We got a cab over to the Khao San Road where we spent the evening drinking buckets -- literally a bucket filled with vodka, coke and some industrial-strength red bull -- and watching the backpackers come and go. Despite my frustrations, we laughed almost non-stop together, and as far as I can remember it was a fun night.

When I woke up the next morning my head was full of sand, my throat was lined with glass and some idiot was trying to drill his way out of my head. The alarm clock showed that it wasn't actually the morning. It was one thirty in the afternoon. It must have been a very good night. 

Louise was nowhere to be seen. She'd left a note on her pillow -- "By the pool, babe. See you there. X"

It was our last day in Bangkok. We were flying to Samui the next day, from where we'd get a ferry to its neighbouring island, Ko Phangan. As I climbed out of bed I resolved that it was time to find out what was going on with Louise. One way or another I was going to sort it out before we left Bangkok.

I found her lying by the pool, wearing just a powder blue bikini and a pair of shades. My cock stirred at the sight of her slender, flawless body laid across the sun lounger. One arm was draped behind her head, accentuating the curve of her breast. I wanted her there and then.

"What's going on Lou?" I demanded, standing above her and casting a shadow across her face.

She opened her eyes and looked at me levelly. 

"Morning, hon. How are you?"

I looked around and saw the half dozen or so other people around the pool were all looking at me. I noticed the Texan girl from yesterday. She was looking at me with both eyebrows raised.

"Sorry," I said more quietly, and sitting down on the edge or the lounger next to Louise. "I just want to know what's going on with us?"

"What do you mean with us?" said Louise, leaning towards me. 

Now they couldn't hear our conversation, our fellow hotel guests had gone back to their newspapers and books.

"Well," I said. "We've not.....you know......since we got here."

"Fucked you mean?"

"Yeah," I said with a laugh. "What's going on?"

"Nothing. We're having a great holiday together. Or do you think that sex is all there is to our relationship?"

"No," I said a little uncertainly. "No. There's lots more to us than that."

"Like what?"

"Well," I racked my brains for the right answer. "Like last night for instance. We had a real laugh together. I don't do that with most girls."

"Most girls?"

"Yes. I get on much better with you than I do with most girls."

"What about her?" said Louise, nodding vigorously in the direction of the Texan girl, who quickly dipped her head into her magazine. "She's been checking you out since you got here. Do you think you'd have a laugh with her?"

I was getting more confused. "I don't really know. I don't know her."

"Well, take a good look at her." Louise was leaning close to me. I could feel her breath on my lips, but with her eyes covered by shades I couldn't read her expression, or guess where she was going with this. 

I turned to look at the girl who was now rubbing sun tan lotion into her legs and studiously ignoring us. 

"Pretty isn't she?"

"Er, yes I suppose she is. In an American teenage sort of way."

"Shut up, Nick. You fancy the shit out of her."

"She's all right."

"So, do you want to fuck her?"

I really didn't know what to say here. In any relationship I'd had before this one I'd have said "No" right away, but the first time I'd met Louise had been in a threesome with another girl, and if she wanted to go down that path with this girl I was definitely up for it.

"Well, I suppose so," I said cautiously.

"For fuck's sake." Louise slammed herself back against her sunlounger. "That's all it is with you, isn't it? That's really it." 

I didn't know what to say so I stayed silent, watching Louise, who was sat upright with her arms crossed.

Then her lower lip started to tremble, and a tear ran down her cheek. I moved towards her, perching next to her on the same lounger.

"Lou. What's up?" I putting her cheek into my hand and brushed her tear away with my thumb. "Don't be upset. What is it?"

"Nothing. Just leave me alone," she said in a higher pitched voice. "Just go and fuck some other women. That's all you want."

"No, no, it's not," I said. I was genuinely concerned. I didn't quite know what I'd done to upset her, but it looked like I had. 

"Yes it is." Her voice was quavering slightly and tears were flowing down her cheeks now. "All you want me for is sex."

"No it's not," I protested, stroking her hair.

"It is. All we ever do is have sex."

"Don't you like it?"

"Of course I do. That's not the point."

"What is the point then?"

"I want us to have more than that. I thought this holiday was a great chance to do that. To do things together other than have sex. But you've not even lasted two days."

It was finally dawning on me. This had been some sort of test. And I'd failed miserably. Time to get back in the game.

"I'm sorry," I said. "I didn't mean to go on about it so much." I was rubbing her upper arms, noticing how smooth and warm her skin felt. "It's just that I really fancy you." I leant forward to kiss her cheek. She smiled through a sniffle. "But I know there's much more to us than that. You know that don't you?" She shrugged. "I think we have the most amazing time together. We laugh loads, I respect your intelligence, we understand each other, and on top of that there's the bonus that you're incredibly beautiful and the most sexually open woman I've ever met."

"Am I really?"

"What?"

"All that?"

I looked at her, sitting there in her bikini, her blonde hair glittering in the heat, her perfect oval face, the curves and contours of a body that most men would die to look at much less touch, and wondered how she could even ask the question.

"My God, yes, Louise. You are absolutely amazing. Really."

She smiled. "Thanks."

"Don't be silly. I think you're great. I can't believe you don't know that." I pulled her towards me and hugged her close.

"I think you're great too." She said. "And it's not like I don't want to have sex with you. I do. I want to try loads of new things with you, and I think we can try some really wild stuff while we're over here. I want to make you happy and fulfil all your fantasies. I just didn't want it to be all about that."

"It isn't. Honestly."

"Ok," she said, drawing herself up. "Sorry about that."

I thought about asking if we should go and make up some more in bed, but decided it probably wasn't the most tactful idea after that conversation. 

"Tell you what," I said. "I'm starving. Shall we go and find some food?"

So, we pulled on some clothes, left the hotel and found a bar where we had some Pad Thai, and a hair of the dog beer. The beer worked so well that we decided to have another one. Then we had a game of pool with another beer, and before we knew it, it was getting dark and we were feeling mildly drunk.

As we put the cues back in their stands, Louise leant against me, and whispered in my ear: "I'm feeling really naughty now."

I liked the sound of this. "Oh yes?"

She giggled and ran one hand over my crotch. I glanced up to check no one was looking. "So, what would you like to do about that?" 

She leant forward and kissed me, gently at first, then more passionately, until she was pressed up against the wall, my hands were tangled in her hair and our tongues were wrestling with each other. All the time she was rubbing my rapidly stiffening cock. 

When we surfaced for air I noticed that most of the people in the bar were now watching us. I was about to take this back to our hotel room when Louise surprised me by saying: "Let's go see a sex show."

I figured I was in Bangkok, so it would be a shame not to see one. Plus I'd always wanted to find out if the stories about ping pong balls were true. "Ok. Let's go," I said. 

Half an hour later we were in a bar watching five Thai women dancing naked on a stage in the centre of the room. There were around forty people in the audience, and another ten or so naked Thai girls walking round the room, asking for tips. The holiday was looking up.

The stories about ping pong balls are all true. The girls could fire them so far they hit the walls of the room. They could also smoke cigarettes down there. A bit gross, but impressive nonetheless. One could even fire rubbers arrows to hit a target. 

I found it more impressive than arousing, but Louise was getting really turned on by all the girls coming over, sitting next to us, caressing us and asking if we wanted any more services. At one point I looked over at her, to see her with her eyes closed, her head tilted back, an expression of pleasure on her face, as three girls roamed their hands all over her body, through her hair, over her throat, her chest, her shoulders, her calves, her thighs. The girl kneeling between her legs, started to push them apart and move her hands slowly but deliberately up her inner thighs. Louise's eyes flashed open, she giggled and looked at me.
