 I spent most of the next day with a stupid grin plastered across my face. All the way through the journey to the island of Ko Phangan I was thinking about the night before and the double blowjob I'd received. As the images flashed through my mind I was getting more and more turned on, so by the time we'd checked into the hotel and collapsed on the bed in the beach hut we were renting for a week I was almost bursting out of my shorts.

Fortunately Louise was in a similar frame of mind, and offered no resistance when I slid a hand along her thigh and up her short skirt. Kissing gently, I moved her panties aside and slid a finger into pussy. She was already hot and wet down there. My cock throbbed.

"God, yes, Nick," Louise whispered. "Fuck me."

I was only too happy to oblige. 

I pulled her t-shirt over her head and unclipped her bra, dipping my head to lick each of her nipples, then running a hand through her blonde hair I kissed her again, with more pressure and urgency this time. 

Then I moved down the bed, to pull her skirt and panties off. Gripping onto her thighs I pushed her legs apart and lowered my mouth to her open pink cunt, which was sopping wet, running with the juices of her arousal. 

Louise gasped as I ran my tongue the full length of her slit, lapping up as much of her juices as I could. 

She pushed my head down and pressed her hips upwards, and I complied, licking all over her lips, kissing each part of her juicy sex organs, before finally focussing on her clitoris, the small, hard centre of her lust.

I sucked it into my lips, eliciting a yelp from the 26 year old blonde who was writhing on the end of my tongue. Then, I deliberately licked it faster and faster, harder and harder, judging my pace and pressure from the intensity of her moans and cries, until she let out a long cry and my mouth was flooded with more of her juices. 

I looked up, over her blonde bush to see her pinching both her nipples, her hair strewn across her face, her mouth open in ecstasy.

Standing up quickly, I pulled off my clothes, all the time watching the beautiful girl spread open on the bed in front of me, her hand now moving to replace my tongue on her clitoris. She smiled up at me at the sight of my cock bouncing free, and as I moved between her legs she kissed me, licking her own juices from my lips.

My hard shaft slid into her easily, and I held it there, entirely surrounded by her pulsing tunnel. 

"Fuck me, Nick. Fuck me," she breathed into my ear, and I began sliding in and out. 

"Oh yes," she shouted out. "That's so good. So deep. Fuck me harder."

I sped up my pounding, reaching to grab one of her tits with my hand, squeezing it and pinching the nipple. I ran my hand down her flat stomach, and further down until I felt her clitoris, just above where I was splitting her in two.

As soon as I rubbed it she came again, shouting out my name, and rolling us over so she was on top of me. 

Her hands on my chest and her blonde hair hanging down she began bucking up and down on my cock, her tits jiggling about between us. 

When she came again, she lifted clear of my cock and moved up so she was sitting above my face. Looking down at me, lust clouding her beautiful green eyes, she used one hand to hold open her pussy lips then lowered herself down until my mouth was covered by her pulsing, dripping cunt. 

I could hear her ragged breathing as once again I licked her clit. She was bucking forward with each swipe of my tongue, pressing her nub harder against me, wanting more and more. 

With a scream she came again, and immediately shifted backwards sliding right down over my rock hard shaft.

Anyone who's read my earlier story 'A Story' will know that Louise has a special talent, and I decided that this was a good time to see it in action. 

With Louise still impaled on my shaft I stood up and turned around so she was on her back on the bed, just propped up on her elbows. Then I slid two fingers inside her and began rubbing her g-spot. It was already enlarged and I knew it wouldn't take long. Louise could sense it too and with a throaty cry she threw her head back, surrendering to the sensations, to the explosion that would soon overtake her. 

It took less than a minute of me roughly fingering her. As soon as I added the pressure of my thumb on her clit, to that of my two fingers on her g-spot, she tensed up, lifted her hips, and released a jet of warm, clear liquid from her pussy. It sprayed directly upwards, and landed on her stomach. I carried on rubbing her and was rewarded with another jet which, as I moved forward to start fucking her again, landed on my groin.

She was writhing about, only strangled cries coming from her mouth, her abdomen shuddering with each new squirt from her pussy. 

I wasn't about to let up or give her time to recover. I ploughed my cock straight into her, feeling it rub along the length of her spasming g-spot. 

She cried out, her pussy too sensitive, so I pulled out and scrambled up her body, my knees now either side of her chest, my throbbing, purple cock grasped in one hand, the other hand squeezing one of her breasts.

The blonde girl noticed where I was and reached to pull my dick into her mouth. But I didn't want that. I wanted to titfuck her.

I jammed it into her mouth once, roughly shoving it in and quickly pulling it out. Then I pushed her 34B tits together, creating a tunnel and began sliding my well-lubricated shaft along it. 

It felt incredible to be surrounded by all that smooth, warm titflesh, and looking down to see her squeezing her breasts together, enveloping my hard shaft was turning me on even more. 

With a roar I erupted, spraying cum on her face, her chest, her tits. 

As I rolled over she began rubbing it in, and then she rolled over to nestle her head on my chest.

After a few minutes of catching our breath, I was eventually able to speak. "Fuck me, that was amazing," I panted.

"Fuck yeah," Louise replied.

I looked around the room for the first time, and then I realised we'd not closed the door, or the blinds and we were right next to the path leading from all the other villas to the beach. 

I jumped up to shut the door and close the blinds. "Jesus," I said as I jumped back onto the bed. "Anyone could have seen us."

"I think they did," said Louise, grinning at me.

"You knew?! Did you see someone there?"

"Maybe...." Louise giggled.

I was shocked. "So we've not been here five minutes and already you're putting on a live sex show."

"Me?! I seem to remember you being somewhat involved too!"

I laughed and rolled over so I was on top of her, pinning her wrists down.

"You're a bad, bad girl."

"Oh yes," she said, pausing to give me a languid, sweaty kiss. "You've no idea just how naughty I can be."

I could feel my cock stirring to life again. 

"Well I hope I get to find out soon," I said. 

"Oh you will, Nick. You will."

Beneath me, Louise opened her legs and all of a sudden my now semi-hard cock was at the entrance to her pussy. 

"Now fuck me again," she said, wrapping her long legs around me, and pulling me into her. "And this time fuck me in the ass."

The next few days carried on like that. We fucked like rabbits, and when we weren't fucking we were lying by the pool or on the beach. Ko Phangan is always full of beautiful twentysomethings from all over the world, and even more so for the New Year's Eve party. So, it rarely took more than an hour of lying on the beach watching all the stunning girls in skimpy bikinis before I was ready to take Louise back to our villa for another fucking session. 

We must have been doing it about six times a day, but we weren't tiring of each other. If anything it got better and better each time. We were doing absolutely everything, completely giving our bodies to each other, and it was one of the happiest times of my life. 

So, it came as no surprise to me when at half past midnight on New Year's Eve, Louise said she wanted to have sex on the beach.

The party was in full swing. The beach was packed with 20,000 revellers, sound systems were pumping out dance music they must have been able to hear back in Bangkok, and at midnight we'd already kissed each other under a shower of fireworks.

"I love you," Louise had breathed in my ear. 

"Come on, let's get a shot from that bar," I'd said, not turning to see the disappointment on her face as I strode towards the beach bar and ordered two sambucas. 

"To us," I'd said and we'd both knocked them back, before moving towards a speaker and dancing for another half an hour, surrounded by gorgeous, half-naked, sweaty bodies. We danced close to each other, feeling the beat pulse through us and the heat of each other's bodies. In a slow part of the song, Louise had ground her ass against my crotch, and at the end of the track had turned to me and whispered: "Let's fuck on the beach."

I was half drunk and more than half turned on so more than ready to go with it. It was dark and everyone else on the beach was pretty wrecked, so we probably wouldn't be seen. Actually I wasn't that bothered about being seen and I don't think Louise was either.

With 20,000 people on the same beach it's hard to find a secluded corner, but we found a spot at one end of the beach where there were only a few couples all of whom seemed more interested in each other than anything going on around them. 

I sat down and Louise straddled me. We started kissing and I ran my hands up her firm thighs. We were both ready, and after a week of so much fucking we were well practised at getting each other's clothes off. So, in seconds, she'd undone my belt, unzipped me and fished out my cock. She'd shifted forward and I'd felt that familiar warmth surround me. 

It felt weird to be doing this surrounded by so many people, but it also felt exciting, and it was an incredible turn-on. I felt Louise bite into my neck, as she moved up and down me faster and faster. Then she tensed up, caught her breath and I felt a jet of warm liquid hit my torso. 

"Have you just squirted?" I whispered at her. 

"She couldn't answer, just nodded her head. I held still as she writhed about on my shaft, trying to recover herself. I looked around, but no one seemed to be watching us.

"This is such a fucking turn-on, Nick," Louise was eventually able to whisper. "Are you turned on?"

"Fuck yeah. I can't believe no one's seen what we're doing though."

She didn't reply, just started grinding up and down against. We both closed our eyes and gave ourselves to the physical sensations of our fucking, the coarseness of the sand beneath us, the roar of the waves, and the thumping of the party all around us. She wasn't moving much, but was using her pussy muscles to caress my shaft. I could feel my orgasm boiling up inside my balls, I could hear her panting gently in my ear, another explosion rising deep inside her pussy.

"Have you got a light please?" 

It was a female voice. Australian. I opened my eyes and saw two girls standing next to us.

No one spoke for a few seconds.

"Shit," said the girl eventually. "Are you two fucking?"

I was finding it hard to concentrate on anything other than the feeling of my cock embedded inside Louise. 

"You are aren't you?" The Australian girl didn't sound embarrassed. More excited like she'd just been told a particularly juicy piece of gossip. 

Then to my amaze she knelt down next to us and put her cigarette back in the packet.

She looked like she was in her late teens, had blonde curly hair and was wearing a black bikini top that showed an impressive pair of tits. My cock throbbed inside Louise as I noticed that. She was also wearing a short denim skirt and sandals. 

She knelt next to us an expression of awe on her face.

"That is so amazing," she said. "Hey Kallie, come here." 

She grabbed her friend's hand and pulled her down to kneel next to her. Her friend was about the same age, and was dressed similarly, with an equally impressive rack, flat stomach, and youthfully pretty face. The most noticeable feature though was her long black hair, which hung down to her waist. 

She seemed a lot less comfortable about this strange situation than her friend, and didn't look at us.

"Don't stop, guys," said that blonde Australian. "It's like, so totally amazing you can do this. Go for it."

Louise and I looked at each other. I fully expected my girlfriend to tell these two young girls to go away, but she didn't. She smiled at me, then at the two girls, and began again to slowly ride up and down my shaft.

I couldn't believe I was sitting on a beach fucking my girlfriend, with two hot teenagers watching. They couldn't see much, but they knew exactly what we were doing. The blonde one stared at us with a look of wonder and respect, while the brunette stared out to sea, seemingly oblivious to what was going on.

It all seemed to turn Louise on even further as after just a couple of minutes she came again, more warm liquid spraying onto my t-shirt. 

"Shit. Have you just cum?" asked our Australian observer.

Louise nodded, and started kissing me. 

"Fuck. You two are hot."

I couldn't take any more. With a cry muffled by Louise's kiss, I came, coating the inside of her pussy with my hot jism. 

When I opened my eyes, both girls were looking at us with that expression of wonder and respect.

Louise rolled off me, covering herself up rapidly, but leaving me exposed to the gaze of the two teenagers. They both got a good look and Kallie giggled a little before I was able to stuff myself back in my shorts.

The four of us looked at each other, no one sure what to say next. The rest of the party seemed to have faded into the distance. There was just the four of us on that beach, bathed in warm night air, all wondering what to say next.

"Hi, I'm Becca," said the blonde girl, offering Louise her hand to shake.

With a half-smile Louise shook it and introduced herself. Becca turned to shake my hand, and as I introduced myself she smiled at me from underneath long, dark eyelashes. She held my hand for too long in an artless attempt at flirtation.

"This is Kallie," said Becca, gesturing to her friend, who had gone back to staring at the sea. 

We shook Kallie's hand, and all looked down at the sand. I was expecting they'd make their excuses and leave fairly awkwardly. Louise just seemed to be waiting to see how it all panned out. 

They didn't leave. They started to tell us about themselves. Or rather Becca did. She explained that they had arrived on Ko Phangan that afternoon, that they were from a small town outside Ballarat in the state of Victoria, and that this was the first time either of the had been outside their home state. 

They were both 18 and had just finished school. They'd been saving up for months to come to this party. They'd just scraped together enough for the flights but hadn't been able to afford anywhere to stay, so were planning on sleeping on the beach. 

"Not sure you'll get much sleep here," I said smiling. 

"Not sure we'll need much sleep tonight," said Becca, adjusting the strap on her bikini, so her breasts jiggled a little. "We might get a better offer." She raised an eyebrow at me as she said this.

"Becca!" exclaimed Kallie, speaking for the first time. "You're such a tart!"

"Don't be such a dag," said Becca. Then turning to us: "Little Kall's so innocent. She's never done anything. So, I've promised to show her some of the world on this holiday."

"Oh yeah. Like you're so experienced," said Kallie. "Just cos you went with Dan K. Doesn't mean you know everything."

Louise and I caught each other's eye. I could see she was as amused as I was by these two girls who were clearly as naïve as they were pretty. I wondered if she was considering the same possibilities as I was.

The girls were still arguing.

"Shut up Kall. You're even too scared to try the pills I got. You're just a kid."

"Pills?" I interrupted.

"Yeah," said Becca. We bought some pills from a guy we met earlier. 

"Pills pills?" I asked.

"Yeah." She reached into her shorts and pulled out six round pink pills. 

We all looked at them. "This your first time taking those?" I asked her. 

"Nah," she said. "I've done loads. Kallie hasn't though and she's too pussy to try them."

"No, I'm not!" said Kallie, tossing her long black hair to one said. She reached forward, grabbed a pill and popped it in her mouth. 

"Shit!" said Becca. Her friend glared at her as she swallowed the pill.

"Well I hope they're ok," I said. "You can get some dodgy ones round here."

Becca looked from the pills to me, and Louise. "You two want one?"

I shrugged and said: "Yeah, if you're up for it hon?" 

Louise nodded, and we both took a pill. Becca swallowed the other one.

"So you two married then?" asked Becca. 

We told the girls all about ourselves, and then we all went to a bar to get a bucket. We sat on the beach, talking, getting to know each other, waiting for the ecstasy to kick in. 

The two teenagers were determined to party the night away and have some new experiences. I guess that explains why they sat down to watch us fuck rather than walk away. We didn't talk about it, and to all intents and purposes we were just getting to know each other normally. I was though spending a lot of time checking out their bodies, and I noticed both girls doing the same to me on more than one occasion.

Once the pills did kick in we got up and started dancing. For the next few hours we only stopped for the occasional rest, collapsing onto the sand, each time getting closer and closer, Becca talking with her hands on my knees, Kallie brushing her firm breasts against my arm, both girls watching as Louise and I kissed. Kissing on ecstasy is awesome and at one point we kissed for minutes and minutes, running our hands through each other's hair. When we separated the two girls were staring at us. "That looks incredible," said Kallie.

"It is," said Louise simply, then jumped up. "Come on. Let's dance."

We danced separately, and in different combinations. Louise grinding against my body, then moving away to put her arms around Kallie and dance with her, while Becca wrapped her arms around me and moved her hips towards mine. We smiled at each other, before she broke away and I moved over to slip my arms around Louise and Kallie's hips. 

Louise turned her head to kiss me, slowly, deeply, inches away from where I know Kallie was watching us. Then Kallie whispered something in my girlfriend's ear. Louise seemed to consider for a minute then nodded her head. She turned to whisper in my ear.

"Our new friend wants to kiss you."

I smiled at Kallie. "Remember," said Louise. "It's me you come back to."

I grinned at her and nodded, before kissing her again. After a few seconds she broke away, leaving me just with the Australian 18 year old. I wrapped both my arms around her slim waist and pulled her towards me, both of us swaying with the music.

She looked uncertain and nervous but still leant forward so our lips were nearly touching. Then we kissed, the softness of her lips drawing me in, mouths opening to allow tongues. Then I felt a hand on my shoulder. Expecting to see Louise pulling me away, I was surprised to see Becca standing next to us and smiling.

"My turn!" she shouted, and I moved to kiss her too.

My head was spinning with the ecstasy and with the strange way this night was developing. None of it felt real, none of it felt odd. It was just happening and it felt beautiful. 

It was also not turning me on at all. Another side effect of ecstasy is that you can't get an erection. I didn't mind. I was just enjoying kissing these three girls, feeling the softness of their lips, the warmth of their different bodies and the pressure of their breasts crushed up against my chest as I moved from one to the other.
