 By the time I woke up the next morning, Louise had already left for her day's diving trip. I stretched out in the big bed and thought about what I'd do with the day. The past few days had been pretty debauched what with New Year's Eve with Kallie and Becca, the two Australian teenagers we'd met, and then last night's phenomenal ass-fucking session between me and Louise. I remembered Kallie interrupting us, so turned on after reading my stories on Lit, how she'd pressed her firm, bikini-clad body against my nakedness, almost begging me to fuck her, while Louise had lain blindfolded, bound, and naked just a few feet away her holes. I'd done well to resist the teenager, but now my cock was rising at the thought.

I pushed the thought away, and decided it was time to clean up my act. I was going to spend 2nd January being healthy and pure.

I pulled on my running gear and stepped out into yet another scorching hot day in Ko Phangan.

An hour later I'd run along the beach and back, I was dripping with sweat and panting for breath. I'd probably covered eleven or twelve kilometres, and I was about ready to dive into the coolness of the hotel swimming pool. 

"Hey there, sporto!" 

I looked around and saw Kallie and Becca reclining by the pool. Becca, the blonde, more confident one, was sitting up, a hand shading her eyes as she spoke to me.

"Remember us?" she teased.

"Hi!" I waved, too tired to say more. I pulled off my shoes, socks and t-shirt and jumped into the pool. 

I surfaced next to wear the girls were sunbathing, and leant on the edge, enjoying the sensation of the cool water on my burning body. 

"Hey there," I said. "How you both doing?"

"We're bored," said Becca. Kallie wasn't saying anything. She was propped up on her elbows, looking at me behind her shades. I noticed again how her tiny black bikini barely covered her nipples, and how smooth and tanned her legs were. 

"Hey, Nick!" said Becca, sarcastically waving to get my attention. "You with me?"

"Sorry. Yeah," I said. "Why are you bored?"

"Nothing to do round here. Everyone left yesterday after the Full Moon. It's just us left. What you been doing?"

"Running. On the beach."

Becca looked over to the beach, a bored, dismissive expression on her face, as if she wouldn't even consider doing something so energetic and ultimately pointless. I took the opportunity to drink in her nubile, young body, her blonde curls, her full firm breasts, and her toned body. I thought to myself how incredibly lucky I'd been to spend New Year's Eve with these two girls. It had been a shame that Louise hadn't let me fuck either of them, but just seeing those two gorgeous bodies naked had been enough. When they'd taken turns sucking my cock after I plunged it in and out of my girlfriend's squirting pussy it had been a bonus!

"We're hiring bikes and going to the other side of the island," said Becca suddenly. "You want to come?" 

Kallie sat bolt upright but didn't say anything. She just looked at her friend. There was something passing between them, but I couldn't work out what it was.

Finally, Becca continued: "We're getting bikes from the hotel reception and we'll be back in a couple of hours. Come on, Nick. It'll be more fun than sitting around here."

I'm not a big fan of sunbathing, and I had to admit I did want to see more of the island. But on the other hand my girlfriend had given me strict instructions not to get any more "friendly" these girls. Or any other girls for that matter. Louise was very open-minded, when she was involved. Extra-curricular activity was seriously frowned upon.

Ok. I admit looking back, I had a very simple choice here. I should just have said "No thanks", swum to the other end of the pool and waited for Louise to come back.

Of course I didn't. Would you? Honestly, if you were presented with two half naked, seriously hot teenagers asking you to go somewhere with you, would you say no? If you'd seen them both fully naked, writhing in a lesbian threesome on a bed with your girlfriend just two nights earlier, if you'd pushed your fingers inside their soft, wet pussies, but then not been allowed to fuck those pussies, would you really, hand on heart be able to say, no?

Of course you wouldn't, and so within the hour we were on three bikes, bumping along a potholed dirt track on our way to the other side of the island. 

Getting out of the hotel had livened us all up, and we laughed and shouted as we swerved to avoid enormous ridges, cavernous holes, and even at one point a giant lizard lying in the path. 

We didn't really know where we were going. We were just following the road, figuring that it wasn't a huge island. We couldn't go too far or get too lost. 

But of course we did both. I don't know if the girls planned it, or if we genuinely got lost, but before long we were going round in circles, trying to find our way to some sort of village, any sign of human life. 

None of us were worried though. We were having too much of a laugh, and I was certainly enjoying watching the girls with their hair flying in the wind behind them, their tits jiggling with every bump in the road, and their firm, round asses when they stood up to ride over a particularly bumpy section. To be honest I spent most of the day in a state of semi-arousal, and I wasn't really thinking about the consequences of what I was doing, the time, where we were, or anything like that. 

Finally we found a village, and pulled up outside a bar that was empty apart from the tender. Taking seats at the bar we ordered three Beer Changs and asked where we were. 

It turned out we were right on the other side of the island from Hat Rin, where we were staying. It suddenly dawned on me that we wouldn't make it back until after dark. There was no way I was driving along those roads in the dark. I didn't take much persuading that we'd have to stay the night, and the girls seemed keen, especially once I'd paid for both beach huts, one for them and another for me. 

As I handed over the baht to the smiling Thai, I wondered why I was bothering. I knew where this was going. From his expression I suspected he had a pretty good idea too. But I had to play the game. 

Returning to the bar I found the girls reclining on the floor by a table, both of them eyeing me up in a predatory way.

"So," said Becca. "What are we three going to get up to this evening?" She arched an eyebrow at me, and Kallie giggled.

The whole thing was so obvious. I half-considered just suggesting we go back to the room there and then and get fucking. 

Then with a jolt, I remembered Louise. It was getting dark. She'd be back at the hotel wondering where I was. I reached into my pocket for my phone, getting ready to call her, thinking how I would explain why I wasn't there. 

Then I remembered I'd not brought my phone. 

A couple of hours they'd said. I thought I'd be back before I knew it and I wouldn't need my phone.

I knew then I was in serious trouble. 

Looking back I probably should have borrowed one of the girls' phones or asked to use the hotel's phone. But it didn't occur to me at the time. To be totally honest, I think I was too eager to get the two girls into one of the huts and start having my way with them. I was already picturing what we were going to do. I was thinking entirely with my dick, and it didn't have time to worry about boring things like phone calls, and worried girlfriends.

"Well," I said, sliding in between the two girls and putting an arm around both. "I've got one or two ideas."

They both giggled again, and my eyes met Kallie's. Her big brown eyes were wide with excitement, with my arm around her I could feel her trembling slightly. She looked so sweet, so ready. 

"I thought you were amazing the other night," she said, looking down at her lap. 

"So were you." I smiled at her. 

"And your stories....."

"Shit, those stories!" interrupted Becca. "Kallie showed them to me this morning. Either you've had some awesome times with the girls, or you've got the most active imagination I've ever heard of."

"Er....A little bit of both," I said. 

The bar was empty apart from the three of us, propped up on a floor seat, facing out to the sea with night drawing in rapidly. The only sound was the waves lapping the shore. 

"So," said Becca, running a hand up my thigh and over my shorts. "Want to get some more material for your stories?"

I grinned at her and kissed her softly on the lips. She gasped.

I turned to kiss Kallie. She was there immediately, ready for me, her hand now sliding up my other leg. We kissed for a few seconds, our mouths open, wet tongues sliding across each other. Then both girls' hands reached my stiffening cock at the same time.

"That feels good," said Becca. "Doesn't it, Kall?"

The brunette broke away from our kiss. "I want to go to the room," she said quickly. "Now."

I smiled and nodded. 

We all jumped up and I led the way to the hut, wondering what I'd done to get so lucky. I'm a fairly ordinary looking guy, with no more than your usual six inches, an average income, none of the usual attributes that you might think would get you to the point where you're on a tropical island with two horny nineteen year olds, both of them following you to a beach hut, and virtually begging you to fuck them both. Together. At the same time.

Whatever I'd done I was seriously glad I'd done it.

The hut wasn't much bigger than the bed, and I didn't give the girls much of a chance to explore it. I grabbed Becca round her slim waist, pulled her towards me and gave her a deep kiss. Kallie was standing next to me, so I broke away to kiss her, my hands roaming over both girls' slender arms, firm stomachs, full breasts. 

"This is fucking awesome," whispered Becca. 

Kallie gasped as I began to kiss her neck.

"Nick," she said. "I want you to fuck me."

"I will," I said before kissing her lips. "I'll fuck both of you," I said before turning to kiss Becca. "You're both fucking beautiful and I want you both so much." 

"Oh yeah," said Becca. "This is so cool."

"Tell us what to do," said Kallie, her small hands reaching down to feel my cock through my shorts. 

This was getting better and better. 

"Ok," I said, my mind racing through the possibilities. "I want you both to kiss each other."

They complied immediately, tits squashing together, hands running through silky hair, panting and gasping as they kissed passionately.

"Now on the bed," I ordered, feeling a lump forming in my throat and the lump in my shorts growing by the second.

"Strip each other."

In seconds they'd discarded their bikini tops. Two pairs of breasts bounced free. Both were impressive sizes, both were incredibly firm, and both were capped by turgid pink nipples. 

"And the rest," I said.

Becca pushed Kallie flat on the bed, and whipped off her bikini bottoms. There was no ceremony, no slow teasing -- they were both consumed by urgent lust. 

And so was I.

"Lick Kallie's pussy," I ordered the blonde girl. 

Kallie sighed and leant back, as Becca pushed her friend's legs apart and dipped down into her already moist cunt. I moved to get a better view, pulling off my t-shirt as I did, aware of my cock forming a tent in my shorts. 

Becca was lashing Kallie's pussy with her tongue, swiping it over her puffy, open lips, rubbing it across her clitoris, and plunging it in and out of her hole. Kallie was moaning, using her hands to tweak her nipples.

"That's it," I said encouragingly. "Make her cum with your tongue." Then I carefully pulled aside Becca bikini bottoms, and ran my hand over her firm, tanned ass. "God you are fucking gorgeous," I whispered. 

I dipped my head and ran my tongue the length of the Australian's exposed pussy. She yelped. "Shit yeah!" she said. I pushed my tongue deeper, lapping up her tangy juices, and locating her clit. 

Moving so I could hold onto her asscheeks with both hands and push her lips further open I probed her pussy with my tongue, eliciting yelps and groans of pleasure from her. It didn't stop her pleasuring her friend though and before long the young brunette was crying out with her first orgasm of the night.

"Time for you to repay the favour, Kallie," I said, looking up her naked body at the flush of arousal across her chest, her taut nipples, and the faraway look that was already in her eyes. She was getting what she wanted. We all were and we were determined to make the most of it. 

"Becca," I resumed instructions. "Put your pussy over her face."

In a flash she was there, scrambling up Kallie's body, her legs either side of the brunette's head, and pulled her panties aside to give her friend access to the cunt I'd already warmed up.

Kallie began enthusiastically lapping away, while I watched intently. 

"God you two are hot," I murmured. Becca grabbed me and kissed me fiercely. "I want you inside me." 

"Not yet," I said, trying to ignore the pulsing in my shaft. 

"Turn around Becca, so you're sixty-nining each other."

She moved quickly, with her friend still lifting her head to swipe at her pussy, and while they enthusiastically tongued each other, I pulled off my shorts. 

They were so lost in orally pleasing each other that they didn't notice my rigid cock springing into view. It was only when I knelt next to her face that Becca stopped licking Kallie's cunt and in one swift movement engulfed my shaft in her mouth. 

Her hot sucking mouth slid further and further down my prick, and her tongue swirled around it. 

"OH GOD! Yes!" I cried out, pushing her blonde curls downwards. 

She moved up and back down again, and kept on sliding her lips up and down my ever-hardening shaft. 

"Fuck me you're good at that," I said finally, before grabbing her chin, leaning down to kiss her, then directing her mouth back to Kallie's neglected clit. 

I ran my hand over Becca's smooth tanned back as I moved to the other end of the sixty-nine. Kallie immediately leant over and sucked me into her mouth. 

"It tastes great," she said, smiling at me. 

"It'll feel even better when it's inside your little pussy," I growled. I was getting to that point where I wasn't interested in talking nicely to them, I just needed to bury myself inside them. 

With a thrust I pushed my cock back down her throat. 

"Go on, suck my cock," I said. Becca looked over her shoulder at where I was pumping my cock in and out of her friend. "Yeah, go on, suck his fucking cock, Kall. Swallow it all!"

Then she turned around and started sucking my balls. 

I knelt there, watching the two girls lying beneath me, one trying to swallow as much of me cock as she could, the other licking and sucking first one then the other of my heavy balls. I gritted my teeth with the effort of not shooting my load and ran my hands through their hair. 

It took a monumental effort but finally I pulled away.

"I'm not going to cum yet," I announced. "I'm going to make you both cum first. In fact," I said with a moment of inspiration remembering the very first threesome I'd have earlier that year with Louise and Abby. "I'm going to see if I can make you both squirt."

"Really?" Both girls' eyes flew wide open. "Can you?"

They were still lying on the bed, my prick bobbing about in front of their faces.

"I'll give it a go," I said. "I can't promise anything, but let's try."

I moved them so they were lying side by side, and began by sliding a finger in each of their hot holes. It always amazes me how different women feel down there, and the contrast between Kallie and Becca was remarkable. I took a few minutes to gently explore inside them, sliding a finger across every inch of their cunts, enjoying watching them lying in front me, their eyes closed, mouths open, both with a look of content concentration across their faces. 

"Now both of you just relax," I said, moving two fingers of each hand to their g-spots. "If you feel like you have to pee, just go for it. It'll be you squirting."

Kallie opened her eyes and looked at me questioningly. Once I'd begin caressing her g-spot with my fingers and her clit with my thumb, she soon forgot her doubts and sank down into the bed, just the occasional gasp coming from her. 

It took a few minutes of this, with them getting more and more aroused with every minute that passed, now kissing each other, now hands exploring each other's bodies, tweaking nipples, squeezing titflesh, fingers replacing my thumbs on each other's clitorises. All the while I was rubbing insistently on their g-spots, gradually increasing pressure and tempo.

Finally, Becca sequirted. She tensed up, her g-spot englarged so much it pushed my fingers out of her and a jet of clear liquid fired out of her. It shot directly upwards, and no word of a lie it reached the ceiling. It was a low ceiling but nonetheless it's the most powerful squirt I've ever seen.

The blonde teenager writhed about on the bed, no sounds coming from her mouth, her face contorted in ecstasy. 

Her friend had seen her cum, and seemed even more determined to achieve it herself. She pushed down onto my hand. "Make me cum," she begged, looking up at me with lust-clouded eyes. "I want to squirt too." 

I rubbed more and more vigorously, ignoring the aching in my arm and the throbbing in my cock, and finally I was rewarded with a scream from Kallie and a flood of liquid pouring out of her. There was no power behind it, but there was enough liquid to soak the sheets. 

While she crunched together, gasping with release, Becca moved up to kiss me. 

"Holy shit," she whispered. "That was fucking awesome."

"Glad you liked it," I said, a smug expression probably creeping across my face.

"What do you want to do now?" she said, running a hand up and down my cock.

I thought for a second, then decided. "I'm going to throat fuck you both."

"Yeah," she laughed. "What's that?"

"You'll see."

I fetched a towel and laid it on the floor at the end of the bed. "Sit there," I told them both. Kallie had recovered and was looking at me with an expression of wonder. 

"Now lean your heads back on the bed."

They both did.

"Open your mouths."

They both did exactly as I told them.

I moved so my legs were either side of Becca's head, then I pushed my stiff prick inside her mouth.

"Open your mouth wider," I ordered. 

She did and I pushed harder. There were still a couple of inches of my cock showing and I could feel it at the entrance to her throat. 

"Relax your throat, Becca. I'm going to push my cock down it."

Her blue eyes widened, then widened even more when I began to press my hips firmly but slowly forward, forcing my big cockhead deeper and deeper into her throat.

"Fuck," whispered Kallie in awe.

When it looked like Becca needed to breath I pulled out, and the blonde girl gasped for breath, choking a little.

"It'll get easier," I told her. "Now you." I moved so my purple, veiny shaft was at the entrance to the other teenager's mouth. Gradually I eased it in so it had got about as far as Becca's.

Pulling out I told them they were both going to take it all the way in.

Becca put her hair behind her ears and took a deep breath before accepting my prick in her mouth again. 

Soon there was only half an inch to go. I was grunting with the effort of pushing it down her throat, and her eyes were watering. It felt fucking incredible. "Go on!" I shouted. "Fucking take it, Becca. Take it all the way in." 

Kallie was urging her on too, stroking her tits, putting a hand on her blonde curls to push it even further down my shaft. That's what did it. Finally, Becca's lips were clamped around the base of my shaft. I roared with pleasure, then pulled out, and quickly moved over to shove it into Kallie.

Becca coughed and gasped next to us, trying to catch her breath. By the time she could talk I was buried to the hilt in her friend's throat. 
