 So let me preface this story by saying that everything I share on here is a true account and I'll do my best to recall all the details and recreate the interactions. It is Sunday morning around 7am as I write this and these events happened last night. I've been unable to sleep as I've been replaying everything in my mind in a combination of being extremely turned on and somewhat worried.

I am a thirty year old woman in a long term, serious relationship, however we are very open and pretty much give each other permission to do whatever we like on the condition that we are honest about it. We both travel a fair bit so its a good way to keep things interesting and we really do enjoy hearing about each others encounters. I am five foot six, blonde, about one hundred fifty pounds although most of that is probably my chest :) I would say I have A LOT of sexual experience. I started later in my teenage years, actually I was almost twenty before my first real encounter and I think because of that and because I did it all on my terms, I did not develop some of the same hangups about sex that other girls in my peer group may have. I tend not to view things the same way as some of my friends who started younger. For example, making out, light touching and handjobs are things I don't consider to be a big deal at all and if approached properly I would likely give almost anyone a handjob. They're safe, usually fast and I'm always fascinated by the different reactions, penis shapes and sizes, etc. 

I also find scenarios can be what makes a sexual encounter extremely hot, I often try to live out these little fantasies that develop based around the situation or environment. When I do go out, its not uncommon at all to fool around at least a little. I suppose I have developed somewhat of a reputation for it around town and now am approached quite often so its not strange to give even two or three handjobs on nights that I go out. I live in a city that is big enough that no one will recognize me or know who I am during the day, but small enough that word travels through the club scene and I've been doing this long enough that when guys see me out I'm hit on non-stop. I tend to go out about once every couple weeks or maybe once a month as I am getting a bit old for clubs and my friends very rarely want to come so usually when I go I am alone and I know exactly why I'm going.

Anyways, on to last night - my boyfriend was away so I figured I would head into town for a bit, dance, have a few drinks and see what trouble I could get into and send him some stories if anything occurred. I wore a bright lime green tank top with really thin straps that my breasts literally were popping out of and a short black skirt with black panties and a matching push up bra. If any guy were to see a girl alone at a club like that, intentions should be pretty clear hahah

One of the places I frequent is this club away from the downtown area and its in a huge warehouse type of building, they play the regular dance music but also have live bands from time to time but best of all - being in a more suburban setting, its much more private outside and there are plenty of places to have some fun without going anywhere alone with a stranger. There's also a great mix of ages and its not just the university crowd like it is downtown.

I got there pretty early, maybe around ten o'clock and sat down at a table instead of the bar, ordered myself a drink and just watched people. I would get a lot of looks and smiles but this group of really young guys caught my eye. They were definitely checking me out and talking about me but were clearly trying to build up the confidence to come chat me up. There were four of them and I smiled clearly at them and eventually two of them came over. I indicated they should sit down. We shook hands and introduced ourselves, I don't remember their names but we chatted a few minutes about normal stuff and they told me they were there for their friends (who didn't approach the table hahah) nineteenth birthday celebration, the legal age for drinking here. It got a little quiet for a moment as they exchanged glances and then the one closest to me, seemingly at the nudging of his buddy, said

"Are you that girl?"

I kind of laughed, not entirely certain what he meant.

"THAT girl?" I enquired.

He sort of stumbled over his words to recover,

"Well ya, like, what I mean...there was a guy at the bar earlier that we were talking to. He heard us order for the birthday celebration and he pointed you out and mentioned that we should talk to you if we wanted a really fun party."

I scanned the bar looking for someone I might recognize but it was a busy place and I couldn't tell who they had been talking to. Like I said before, word gets around.

I laughed a bit more.

"Did he? What exactly did he say?" I said.

"Well, um he just said, and I don't know if this is true, but he said if we just directly asked you that like maybe you would have some fun with us?" he said, nervously tip toeing what he clearly was unsure was appropriate conversation.

"Define fun" I said with a smile, playing with him at this point.

"Well...like, he said that you will fool around a little bit with anyone that asks and I just thought it would be kinda cool for the birthday boy..."

"Well it might help if the birthday boy came over here" I said, "So far you two are the only ones I should fool around with it seems."

With that, he immediately nodded to the other two who hadn't come over yet and they slowly made their way to the table. Again we did introductions.

"So Happy Birthday is in order I hear." I said to the one. "How do you think I can help you, specifically?"

The birthday kid stammered all over the place for a while but eventually said something like

"Well you're really pretty and we heard you don't mind jerking off strangers" He paused, "So maybe you'd do that for me? or even for all of us if you don't mind?"

I laughed and took a drink. The guys had been distracted by my breasts the whole conversation, its funny the difference between getting hit on by nineteen year olds and older guys.

"Ok," I said nodding with approval. "You guys came over...eventually, that was pretty bold I guess and it is your birthday. Buy me a drink and I'm up for it."

Their faces went white with disbelief.

"Like...all of us?" said the first guy I was talking to.

"Ya, why not?" I said. No one said anything for a moment. So I spoke up with an idea, "but, here's the thing...the night is young so we can do this one of two ways...I can take you four outside right now and make you cum with my hands off to the side of the building, OR if you wait until the end of the night when I don't mind getting a bit messier, I might even go down on the birthday boy and let you guys cum on me."

I thought for a second that comment might make them cum in their pants right there and they sort of conferred amongst themselves with a few nods.

"But if we wait, what if you forget about us or some other guy hits on you?" one of them said.

"Well, I probably will get hit on and who knows what will happen but I wont forget you. You have my word"

They took another moment and then the first one to speak said,

"Ok, wow this is incredible. We will wait until the end of the night then. Just don't forget us!"

I took a sip of my drink and replied.

"I wont." I smiled seductively as I stood up, "now I'm going to dance for a bit, see you boys later"

I liked teasing them and keeping them in suspense letting it build over the night. I could see them keeping a close eye on me and whenever other guys danced with me they would get very concerned it seemed, it was kinda cute.

I did get approached by other guys, mostly on the dance floor, drinks were definitely flowing. I was making out with one and his hands were all over my body when I offered to take him outside. I wanted to see what my group of young admirers would do hahaha. I always clarify the rules first about what my limits are and most guys are respectful of that. I watched the birthday guys as I took my new friend by the hand and led him out of the club, he was still kissing all over my neck and face as we went out the door and I smiled at my boys who looked terrified hahah. Once out there it was pretty non-eventful, just some making out and I jerked him off onto the ground. There were three other guys I did similar things with that night, the second one actually fingered me as well and almost made me cum - drunk guys wanting to get off are not the best for that, but he did get me extremely wet and turned on. He also took the straps down from my tank top, pulled my bra down and had my breasts out which felt really nice in the cool summer air. At this point I was definitely drunk and pretty carefree. He sucked on my tits while I jerked him off until he moaned and I could feel a spurt of his cum hit my leg. I didn't bother wiping it off as I didn't really have anything to wipe it off with and I didn't think anyone else would notice. The other two guys were really drunk and very short lived, not noteworthy but still a fun experience.

When I went back in there was a new guy that caught my eye. I hadn't seen him before so maybe he came in when I was busy - anyway, he was very attractive, a little older than me maybe, in great shape so I made myself available dancing and it didn't take long until we were dancing together. He wasn't grinding on me but rather just seemed to be having normal fun, I flirted a bit and we ended up sitting back at my table chatting. The conversation was nothing noteworthy, pretty standard but I don't know if I was still turned on from the fingering earlier or my birthday boys and what would happen but I really wanted to have sex with this guy. I slid over beside him and just started kissing him right away. I think he was very surprised as he took a moment to respond but he slid his tongue in my mouth and grabbed the back of my head with one hand while I could feel the other on my bare thigh. He was all sexual energy and that nice guy, innocent conversation instantly melted away as I could feel his desire to fuck me right there on the table. In that instant I remembered my birthday boys so I broke free of the kiss and kind of laughed as I felt the need to explain,

"Um, so I have kind of a wild night planned." I said as I explained my situation. Apparently he was not surprised and had heard of my reputation too. It occurred to me that maybe I was a bit of a slut, lol but it didn't bother me, I was just having fun. I told him I'd return in a moment as I went to talk to the birthday boys.

"Here's the situation," I said, "Its getting late and I think we should complete our deal, BUT, see that guy?" I pointed at my table, knowing they had definitely already seen that guy, "I want to fuck him." I said bluntly. "Would you guys like to come watch and I'll take care of you afterwards?"

I had dumbfounded them for about the millionth time that night but they definitely all agreed that they wanted to watch.

"Ok, wait five minutes then come around the south side of the building."

I went back to my table took my friend by the hand and we left.

As soon as we were outside and out of view, he pushed me against the wall and kissed me hard, I moaned into his mouth and stretched my arms high against the building as his hands ran over my breasts and down to my thighs. He went directly up my skirt on my inner thigh and rubbed my clit. My panties were absolutely soaked through and he made a comment about it. I started moving my pelvis and grinding into his hand. I felt his finger slide under the leg hole of my panties and he made skin to skin contact with my vagina for the first time. God it felt incredible.

"Rub my pussy hard" I moaned into his ear.

He was great with his fingers and I brought one hand down to feel his hard cock through his jeans. I had lost track of time and the next time I opened my eyes, there were my four birthday guys off to the side, I smiled at them and they awkwardly smiled back not sure what to do.

"We have an audience," I said to the guy finger fucking me. He turned his head to see them but didn't stop rubbing and fingering me.

"Watch this whore cum." he said roughly. Usually I would slap a guy for calling me that but in that moment I did feel like such a whore and it was so hot that just a few minutes ago he was this nice, innocent guy and now he was talking to me like this.

"Fuck, yesss" I yelled as my orgasm took hold of me. I convulsed a little and gushed all over his hand and laid back against the wall as my breathing regulated and I came down. He had removed his hand and was showing the birthday guys how it was soaked to his elbow, when he turned around he didn't even notice I was already on my knees undoing his pants. I was so excited to get that cock out and I was not disappointed, average size, great shape and already hard. I looked up at him, forgetting I was being watched and I wrapped my mouth around his cock and sucked it slowly at first, increasing my pace as I went. I could hear his breathing increasing and he reached down to feel my breasts over my shirt. After a few minutes he stood me up and kissed me hard before spinning me around so that I was looking directly at the four stunned party boys. I knew what was coming but he bent me over and I spread my legs, he hiked up my skirt and pulled my wet panties to one side. I could feel the head of his cock probe my pussy lips and it instantly slid inside me. Oh my god. It felt incredible. The build up of the entire night and that I was so wet and now completely filled, my knees felt shaky and I tried to look right at the guys watching while he began fucking my tight pussy. I can't say if it was because I had been drinking so much or just that I was so turned on but it wasn't until about a minute in that I realized he didn't have a condom on. Instantly I was struck with fear. I have actually never had sex with anyone without a condom other than my current boyfriend. I am absolutely paranoid of health concerns, hence the reason for limiting things with strangers to handjobs and the occasional blowjob, and I am also not on any kind of birth control. He kept thrusting and I have no idea why, this is totally out of character for me, but I didn't even protest. All I could say was,

"Dont cum in me, ok?"

"I wont baby" he replied and that was all.

I just kept looking at the guys watching and I was taken by orgasm after orgasm. He started fucking me really hard, he must have had great stamina and as I looked at the guys I decided to pull my tits out of my tank top. They're very big, about a 36C, sometimes a D and because he was fucking me so hard they bounced everywhere. I invited each of the guys to come give them a feel and as they did, I rubbed each of their cocks through their pants and each was rock hard. The birthday boy, who was the shyest of them all, actually bent down as he was feeling my tits while I got the fucking of a lifetime and he kissed me right on the mouth. It was actually really cute so I made out with him for a few seconds while getting my pussy pounded from behind. I must have cum half a dozen times before the guy fucking me pulled out and forced me down to my knees. He grabbed me by the hair and started fucking my mouth from the side.

"Ready for that cum, you little slut?" he said and again I was too taken by the moment to care about the insults. I was a little slut and I loved it.

"Yes baby, cum for me" I said in the sexiest voice I could put on.

"Open your mouth." he was very demanding and I complied as he did a combination of jerk himself into my mouth and fuck my mouth. Finally he tensed up and groaned really loudly as I could feel warm cum shoot into my mouth, I kept trying to suck his cock but it was all too much to fit in my mouth and the cum dribbled down my chin and onto my bare tits. He came down from his orgasm and did up his pants, leaving me on my knees with my breasts exposed and cum running down my chin and tits. He reached down, gave my breasts one last squeeze and kissed me on the forehead before saying,

"She's all yours boys. Enjoy this little whore." and he turned and left. I had quite the workout but I had to keep my promise to the birthday guys so when I caught my breath I signalled them to come closer. They approached still apprehensively and one by one I undid their pants and started gently stroking their already hard cocks. I figured they liked the image of a drunken club slut on her knees so I didn't bother wiping up the cum or putting my tits back in my tank top for them.

"Where do you guys want to cum?" I asked still catching my breath.

Again they looked at each other not sure what to say.

"What are our options?" said the boldest one that did most of the talking all evening.

I smiled, "well its the end of the night and I'm already messy so I'm not opposed to pretty much anything."

They exchanged glances.

"Do you think, like would it be alright if..we came...like, can we cum on your face?" he said.

I had a sneaking suspicion this is what they wanted. Young guys always want to give pretty girls facials.

I looked up at them and said "Yes, that would be fine."

"Oh my god." exclaimed one "I can't hold it." It looked like his orgasm just crept up on him, again, lack of experience. I quickly positioned myself under his cock and focussed on him for the time being. I tilted my chin up and closed my eyes as he took over and stroked his cock. I heard him moaning loudly as strands of warm cum splashed across my face, I could feel it go in my hair, all over my forehead and cheeks. I slowly opened my eyes and smiled as he stepped away breathing heavily.

"Unbelievable" said the birthday boy.

The talkative one spoke up, "do you think, or would you be ok with um, putting us in your mouth? sucking us a little?"

I didn't say anything but shuffled over to him on my knees and looked right at him with my cum covered face and took his nice cock deep into my mouth very slowly and sucked it. I loved seeing their surprise when I one-upped them. I encouraged the remaining three to come in closer and I took turns sucking each of them. The birthday boy looked like he was getting close and an idea occurred to me.

I backed off of him and said, "I've got something else planned for you." I smiled and focused on his friends while maintaining eye contact with him. They took turns lightly fucking my mouth and playing with my tits for the next minute or two. I didn't take long until the talkative one started to show signs of his orgasm approaching.

I took his cock and sucked it really hard and deep while moaning like a little pornstar. I switched between my hands and mouth quite fast.

"Are you going to cum for me? Cum all over my pretty little face?" I said in my sluttiest voice. Guys love it when you act a combination of innocent and slutty, drives them wild.

"Oh yes" was all he could say as he started to cum. It was really watery and went absolutely everywhere. Over my covered eyes and nose, even behind my head and on my back, it was a huge load too and he covered me. This also sent the third guy over the edge and I could barely get him back in my mouth when he announced he was cumming. His was quite forceful and he shot long strands right across my face. Clearly the guys had built up some excitement from watching me all night. I wiped some of the cum away from my eyes and smiled at the birthday boy. I made my way to my feet and walked towards him. I slid my soaked panties off and said,

"Lie down." he did immediately and his cock was rock hard. I stood over him for a moment and slowly squatted down straddling his waist. I took his cock in my hands and rubbed it for a few strokes before positioning my wet pussy right over it and lowering myself onto him. I don't think he had much experience with sex at all as I could see his face trying to hold back cumming just from that much penetration. I let him adjust for a moment, not wanting him to cum too fast and I took his hands and placed them on my breasts as I slowly started riding him. I was sobering up a little at this point and it was really setting in what I was doing, I was fucking a second stranger with absolutely no protection and wondered why I was doing it this night of all nights. I could feel the cum on my face start to cool and his cock felt so good inside me. I watched his face as his hands awkwardly groped my breasts. I started to ride a little harder and all of a sudden he tensed up, looked horrified and said,
